Craving: The Status
By Ballad Turner

Table of Content
AKNOWLEDGEMENT
CHAPTER 1
CHAPTER 2
CHAPTER 3
CHAPTER 4
CHAPTER 5
CHAPTER 6
CHAPTER 7
CHAPTER 8
CHAPTER 9
CHAPTER 10
CHAPTER 11
CHAPTER 12
CHAPTER 13
CHAPTER 14
CHAPTER 15
CHAPTER 16
CHAPTER 17
CHAPTER 18
CHAPTER 19
CHAPTER 20
CHAPTER 21
CHAPTER 22
CHAPTER 23
CHAPTER 24
CHAPTER 25
CHAPTER 26
ABOUT AN AUTHOR

Acknowledgement
I'd like to say thanks to this book editors, who helped while I was blank about to edit it; RM Morgan, J Prisco as well as W. Brooke. Thanks guys!!!
My friends, parents and the entire relatives; thank you so much for believing in me
Cover designer thank you for making this book look this good
THANKS TO YOU ALL FOR ENCOURAGEMENT!!!

CHAPTER 1

In the midnight at Ferrymans Tavern, Lisa is boozing a wine in front of a cashier and she's now soaked. While enjoying her wine She hear some men voices arguing about something in the left corner behind her, but not having any idea of what is it about because of a distance and they too smashed to voice something clear. She is interested to know what going on but too busy to attend. "Hey cashier what going on over there, why are they making noise?" she says with a boozy voice. But a bar man ignores her because of her drunkenness and that he is used to things like this, the only action he normally makes is to take them outside if they start fighting.
"Cashier I asked you a question, what going on over there!" she asks again yelling now. The argument carries away, men pointing fingers to each other and everyone who is within a room now noticing a strange sound they cause. They decide to leave everything they are doing just to focus on the fight, others intoning, "Fight! Fight! Fight!" The fight is about three men want to take down a single man, they push him in the corner and start beating and punching him over and over again, and Lisa see this fight as unfair "Hey you cowards! Leave him now, can't you see that you've done enough already! Eye at you busy beating one man while you are a squad, this should be one on one fight not hundreds on one. It's obvious that you don't know what you are doing so please help us, stop what you are doing, it's disgusting!" Lisa utters, shouting against three muscles men.
The beaten man is now angry, wanting revenge. But security stops the fight by taking all men out of him and takes him away too. "You must thank them and this lady for now, because next time there will be no mercy, we will kill you in front of everyone." One of them speaks. Then immediately security throws them out of the apartment. Lisa goes straight to him to see what damage did they cause to him, "Are you okay?" she ask touching his face, feeling sorry for him. "Let me see the face, did they harm you?" Saying continues touching the face which is not really injured. "I am okay, they didn't touch my face. They only punched me on the lower parts." The man return still confused of the lady busy touching him which he never met with before.
"Actually who are you?" Lisa surprisingly asks with no manners, 'and what are you doing here? This is not a place for people like you, . Look now what they have done to you, they turned you into their punching bag." expressing as if, she is a parent. He is surprised a little. "My name is Erick; I am not far away from this tavern. And you are???" interrupted. "Okay, okay.  I didn't say we are friends so please save it." Lisa shutting him before, he even asks. The man is surprised again. "Anyway let me tell you my name, the name is Lisa. And please don't ask my surname and where I live because I live anywhere, this is my home too."
They then talk, having a conversation as if they are old friends. He is even buying her a lot of alcohol to show her the gratitude for stopping a fight, knowing that one of those men is a murder and everyone in the township knows not to mess with them. He drinks liquor with her and get stoned without noticing that he is now losing all of his money on her. To show too much gratitude, he even buys for some of the other women who are inside. They continue drinking up until the tavern closes. "Where do you live, so that I can take you home, look at you, now loosing steps" He ask in a drunk manner. 'Let's go, I will show you. You think I am those easily girls who agree in anything when drunk, you are wrong. I'll rather spend night in the forest than going in your place, but let's go I will show you the way.'
She then walks with him showing the directions even thought it isn't clearer. It in the midnight, so it dark, which result in burden for her to eve recognise her home but manage to reach it though."Thank you for the night and thanks for walking me here, maybe one day I will buy you a car, who knows." She says and laughs a little. 'There is no need for that; I am the one who needs to thank you for what you did for me earlier. If it wasn't for you, I would be in hospital as we speak but you were there, so thank you.' Without spending much time, he start moving as to show he is now exiting, without even gazing who is the other person inside the house
"Oh stop! Before you go, I need your numbers so that whenever I'm thirsty again I can call you. I enjoyed spending time with you." She voices stopping him and walks in after that. Every time before going to bedroom, her usually first option is to always check on her grandmother. But today she is surprised to see that her grandmother is nowhere in her bedroom, instead she finds an empty and neat bed showing that no one slept on it. Everything is happening like a dream, leaving her not knowing which direction to go or what to do. The incident shocks her to even make her sober. She panic, start to look for her in the whole house but she is nowhere, walking out screaming and asking neighbours but find nothing. She then decide to call Erick again 
"Erick! I am sorry for bothering you again but my grandmother is not here and I don't know where to look, would you please help me!" asking, panicking.
"What! Should I come there or we will meet somewhere?"
"No, you need to come here and please hurry!" Then the airtime cut her off. She panics alone inside the room, trying everything, calling even though she knows very well that there is no one up until Erick arrives. 'I knew that you wouldn't last a minute without me. Why you didn't ask me to stay at the first place, do you want another drink?' asking smiling at her, showing not believing a story of a missing grandmother, instead he thinks that she just miss being with him. "Stop it! What kind of a person you are? I said to you my granny is missing and all you can do is to ask me that nonsense! Listen here, if you don't want to assist, you can just leave right now!" scolding against him. 'I will do it myself.'
"Are you serious?"
"Do I look like joking to you, do you think I have time for that!" She returns roughly. "Then I'm sorry about that, so did you call your relatives or her friends?" He asks. 'Oh no I didn't but let me try them' Dialling "Hell No! There is no airtime" Responding frustrated. 'That's a problem because I don't have it either' He confirm too. That forces them to immediately walk out to ask for help in the neighbours. Luckily, they get the help. Firstly call her grandmother's friend but the phone goes straight to voice mail, moving to one of the relatives, frustrated, panicking and confounded. But fortunately she is there.
"Granny I've been worried about you! Why didn't you tell me you were going somewhere" Lisa ask
"Lisa I told you before going in that tavern of yours, the problem is you were intoxicated, don't you remember?" Granny answers
"No granny, you didn't tell me"
"Lisa you were drunk that's why you don't remember"
"Oh....No....I'm sorry granny, now I remember you told me, I almost freaked out. Did you go well, is everything okay there?" Asking expressing relieved.
During that time Erick feels a disappointment after hearing that was soaked even before going to the tavern. He is now confused of what kind of a person she is, but decide to say nothing, because she is still talking with a phone. Continue talking to each other up until the end of an airtime. "Lisa because everything is now Okays, maybe I should get going, plus I didn't lock my room before coming here." He asks after dropping a call. Lisa pause for a moment after being asked
"No wait! You can't do that, I can't be alone here. I can walk alone but I cannot sleep alone, so please I'm begging you, don't go. You will sleep in my bedroom and I will sleep on my grandmother's room, please!" Utters Lisa begging him. Erick starts by denying at first, 'why don't you come with me instead because my room is unlocked, anyone can get in and take all my things while I'm here.' He respond, being scared of her. "No Erick! I can't go to your home right now, my grandmother will be here early in the morning and she doesn't like this room to be left alone. If she comes in and finds out that I did not sleep here at all, she's going to kick me out, so please Erick, stay." Now begging showing being desperate. 'I can even kneel down if that" what you want,' says same time going down to kneel.
"No, no, no! Don't do that, there is no need for it" stopping her, now realising that he have no other choice, but only to accept. They then sleep as planned Erick isn't sleeping at all. After few minutes supposed to be slept, he hears Lisa talking alone from other room. "Lisa what's wrong? Who are speaking with?" But no response comes
"Lisa!" Calling her again, try to reach the room but scared at the same time.
"Lisa wake-up!" Now waking her, 'What is wrong!' Then realise that she is just dreaming. "Oh no, nothing you can go back to sleep again." They then decide to sleep in the same room because they are both scared now. They sleep up until late. Unfortunately her grandmother comes home earlier than expected, while both of them still not awake. As the granny walking straight to her room to offload bags, she is surprised to find them in her room as well as on her bed. She is shocked for a moment doesn't even know what to say or to do.
"What! Lisa! Lisa! What are you doing?" Granny voices yelling at her. Same time both wake-up, having no idea of what is happening. Same time Lisa realises that her grandmother is in the house, she quickly wake-off the bed like a springbok running from the lion. But unfortunately it's too late for that; on the other hand Erick is doing nothing at all realising that any move he makes will be a stupid one
"I am sorry granny, It's not what you think, I....."
"Stop it! You don't have to explain anything. I see everything with my own eyes, but Lisa why in my room?' Grandmother interrupt while she try to explain, she then eye at Erick whose still in the bed as if watching a movie. "Who are you?" Granny to Erick, pointing his face. Instead of replying, he only takes all his staff and try to walk out. "I said who are you and where do you think you are going?" Granny ask again shouting, grasping him with an arm.
"Granny this is Erick, who is...."
"Shut up! I'm not talking with you. Who are you and why are you in my bedroom?" Granny interrupts her, turning back to Erick again. 'But Lisa I told you that, this wasn't a good idea' Responding to Lisa instead, and slowly walking away from the granny. Granny is now getting frustrated at him, as its look as if he is failing answering the questions. There is a few moment of silence after Erick's response. An old lady now gazing Lisa in the eyes as if she sees someone who is now hard to recognise, but on the other side, Lisa is glancing at Erick showing being mad at what he said. During that moment of silence, the only action Erick takes is just walking out of the house and immediately runs away, leaving both of them still starring at each other. Leaving Lisa disappointed
"Erick don't leave please come and explain everything!" Lisa tries to stop him but he is already gone. Now she is alone with her granny to answer all the questions. "Now Lisa it's you and me, you can now try to talk I am listening!" Yelling at her showing frustration, she tells her everything as it happened, although it's hard for the old lady to believe everything , she forgive her anyway. Even though her grandmother decided to forgive her, she's still made at Erick for leaving her in the middle of a fight without even helping a little. She normally goes to tavern almost every day but today she stays home, helping her granny with home activities instead and her grandmother shows happiness after seeing her grand-daughter helping, instead of going out. Her reactions reminds her of those days when Lisa was still young and pure, still at school knowing nothing about life. Today she is even washing her granny's clothes, feeling guilty. At an end of the day, in the sun-set, she then calls him, setting a meeting with him for the following day. He agrees and meets at the following day as planned, before any greeting, she firstly snaps him in the face.
"How could you leave me in the fire, why did you do like a coward?" Lisa ask after snapping showing an anger
"Lisa what are you doing, what was I suppose to do? We were in your grandmother's room, same bed" Responding holding face after being snapped.
"You are such a coward. Did we do anything that night?"
"Of cause, not." Returning confused. 'So you did not tell her the truth, do you even know what I have to do now to make peace with her or what I've done so far? I wish I never met you in the first place, because you bring nothing but trouble to my life, she' continue shouting. "Okay Lisa I'm sorry for what I did, I was wrong but I didn't know what to do, your granny was looking at me like she is looking straight to the thug. But I am sorry" He apologise. Although still mad at him, she decides to forgive him.
"Okay, I will pretend as if its never happened. You need to promise me that you will from now on, do everything perfectly and stop leaving me in the middle of a fire, because if you do again, I will kill you straight." She confirms. 'What are you doing today? We need to do something like partying and I won't go alone; I need you by my side. Remember you owe so you can't say NO" Lisa ask, but Erick pause for a moment not knowing what to utter back, because of being not used in partying or taverns, he only goes there once, twice a week or even once a month, not every day. "Next week, or today?" Asking showing being surprised.
"Yes, today. Next week! Are you kidding me? I am not a child and I'm free to do anything I want, I can party during the day until the midnight almost every day or the other way around, this is my life Erick. I have to do whatever I wish to do, except what we did because I don't want to mess with granny again, she is the only family I have, so I can't lose her too." Lisa voices as if she is now forcing him to agree. "What happened to your parents?" Erick asking
"Never mind about my parents, what you have to ask me is; what kind of person my grandmother is, not people who are not even here as we speak." She responds. 'Okay tells me about her then, what are the names of her children and what kind of children were they?" Utters, trying to convince her talk about parents. "No but I will tell you after a party about my grandmother." Refuses. She doesn't want to talk about her parents, even on her mother. Instead, every time when an old lady brings that topic, she just cries. 'You have to promise me one thing though; you will never ask about my parents until I tell you myself." She continues.
He then agrees to a party although, he don't like partying much but he only do it for her and just to know her better. During a party, he didn't drink too much but only watching her having fun. It's now like he is there as her bodyguard, not to have fun as everyone inside. He doesn't even see that, those men he had a fight with before are there too, but luckily for him too they don't see him at all because of being quiet, only Lisa sees them and just decide to keep quiet about it. His stepfather, trying to call him but too busy to answer or to even hear any call and the radio's loudness is the reason too. He forgot to even tell him about going out tonight. That's makes him worry too much about his son, leaving lots of massages, calling him more than five times.
"Hey, Lisa! I think it's enough now, we need to talk." He says closely to her
"Come on Erick, have some fun please!" Voicing as if she doesn't even hear him, continue dancing after that 
"Lisa let's talk first, then we can have fun after, tell me about your mother and father....." before he even finish, she quickly turn to him with a long sad face. He then stops talking
"Erick, do you want a fight between us?" She asks in an anger manner. 'No but you have to tell me, there is no reason to hide them. I won't do anything about it, so feel free and tell me." He asks again. At that moment, Lisa is looking him straight to his eyes like she's counting his eyelashes without want being interrupted. 'Lisa please there is no need for fight, I deserve to know you better than this.' Continue asking
"Do I know you Erick?" She asks
"Yes but not like that."
"That's fine but I know you, even though it's not that much, I expect you to tell me more about yourself when you ready and you can take a year if you want, that's fine. So I also expect you to wait for me too. If that's hard for you be prepared to see our friendship ends soon." She confirms showing anger and irritated. The situation is now moving from good to worst, those words scares him, to not even respond after them. She then turns away and continue dancing but now not as at the beginning, anyone can now tell that something wrong happened.
"Erick! Let's go, you messed my day. I want to go home now, so please hurry." She says, without waiting for any response, she just goes straight to an exit door, leaving him without a choice but to follow her. 'Lisa I am sorry, that wasn't necessary, we came to party, remember! Why are we now leaving?" He asks while trying to reach her.
"Will you please stop asking! Or can you talk about something else, not the party, mother or father?"
"Okay Lisa but you need to slow down and forgive me; I only wanted to know you better than I know!" Rushing to her. 'Okay let's slow down so that I can tell you more about myself, so that you can know me better.' He begs. Same time Lisa stops instead of slowing the pace.
"Okay, my...."
"Erick stop!" She interrupts. 'I now know you better; there is no need to explain about yourself. Do you want me to tell you about yourself? Because it clearly that you know nothing about you.' Pausing for a moment. 'But Lisa I.....'
"I hope you don't want me to tell and I hope you know me better now, so please stop irritating!" She continues, leaving him standing alone disappointed. After that, he decides not to follow her, just to wait for her to calm down. They then go separately, her way and he continue with his. He is now feeling scared of her, asking his self; what is she hiding about her past. He then realise that if he just ignore this, it can backfire their relationship and realise lately the feelings he now have for her. So the decision he sees as the best is continuing asking until secrets is being revealed before starting any serious relationship with her.
When reaching home. He is surprised to find his stepfather standing in front of the door waiting for him. "Erick, what's going on with you, where have you been? I tried calling the whole day. Where were you and why you didn't take my calls?" His father asks. 'Oh! Father, I am sorry but right now I need to sleep, can I please pass?'
"No! How can you even say that, listen here; this is my house and you live under my roof, so I am the man here, not the other way around, so you better start telling me what's going on, now!" Asking again
"I was with my friends, in the party. I didn't answer your calls because of the noise and the music was too loud to hear a phone ringing. The reason I did not respond to your massages is that; I haven't check my phone from the party up until now. And lastly, there is nothing going on with me, can I now pass please." Answering questions and passes him without permission. Today, He doesn't even eat as usually when arriving, He just take a shower and goes straight to his room, leaving his father worried, wanting to ask again but scared: thinking that maybe he will even shout at him. So he decides to just leave him rest.
He is too exhausted, does not even know what to do about the feelings he now feels for Lisa and also as things look worse between them. He even doubts that their friendship can go forward. His father worrying means nothing to him; right now the only thing which is in his mind is just Lisa
****
Why is she getting angry every time I bring a topic of her parents? Did they abuse her? Or maybe they left her without anything to go forward with her life and went somewhere else; maybe the way they died is not familiar with her. But I don't care what's ever situation is, I must find out before the ending of this relationship, even if I have to lose everything I don't care. I have to find out because I lo....
****
Talking alone and stopping his self from voicing thing he did not realise he was about to say or feel. He then decides to stop thinking about her and focus on sleeping, although it's hard but he manage to do it anyway. 
In the morning the first person he wants to call is her and scared to do it at the same time, but do it anyway, expecting her not to taka a call but surprised when the call is taken and greeting like nothing happened at all. Talk, laugh like what happened yesterday did not even happen. He even set up a date with her; unexpectedly she agrees showing no grudges. After that, not even believing what happened, her actions really surprise him, looking at the phone again and again talking and laughing alone. But that call makes him better than ever, leaving his father confused on what changed him. It's now even easy for him to ask the problem 
"Erick my son, what's was wrong yesterday?" His step father asks
"Nothing, it was just a bad day but I am okay now, I only needed to sleep." Erick answers expecting no question after. 'Erick, you have to tell me everything, no one can just have a bad day out of nowhere, that's impossible" asking again.
"Okay, yesterday during a party, we had a fight with some men and it was really bad. That is why yesterday I did what I did, I was angry but I am really sorry for my reactions" Responding again. "Okay but please stop going night parties because one day, they will kill you." Motivating him. 'So did you make peace with them? Because right now you look happier , like nothing has happened" His stepfather asks. Erick pauses for a moment, that an unexpected question
"Yes!" Answering showing not being sure.
"Okay that's fine; you must always make peace with everyone you fought with, so that next time they won't follow you like tail to kill you. Although I don't understand how you did it, because since yesterday, I haven't see you going out, but who knows: maybe you did it over the phone. Which is also awkward but its okay, I am just glad because you are now happy." Says the stepfather. At that moment, the only thing Erick thinks about is: how to stop this topic, talk about something else and the other thing on the minds is the time planned with Lisa.
"Okay. Its okay now, maybe I will be late again today, there is something we will be doing with my friends and please don't call, I will be alright. Calls are not allowed." Lying to his father. 
"What that thing not requiring you to take a call because I am your parent, even though your mother is not with us physically right now, but she won't like me to just relax while I don't know where you are. She said I should take care of you until you are older. So what if something happens there, how will she feel about me?" He asks. 'Father, I said I will be fine, don't worry about me I will take care of myself.' Closing a conversation, now feeling annoyed of too many questions
Then the date time comes after long hours waiting. It's now been hours standing in front of a clock like he's counting every seconds of an hour, the step father also noticed that but decide to say nothing. He feels like, he already asked too much. As the time arrive, he is now exiting the house looking more good than usually and smelling too much of deodorants. Leaving father with lot of questions 
****
What's going on because he never just wears as he is today to only meet with friends? What kinds of friends that can make him smell like that?
**** That's is the father's thought
As all planned they meet at an expensive restaurant in Cape Town, but the problem is that: he doesn't have enough cash and doubting the cash can cover all the expenses of the day. This is his first time on a serious date, so he wants everything to go smoothly. He even arrive earlier than her, luckily in no time she arrive, wearing a gorgeous red dress which is long enough to cover all her legs but arms out. With well prepared hair then he ever seen and the smile is like a sun shining in the morning. After seeing all these beautifulness, he now becomes nervous, just starring at her not even prepares a chair for her, only starring. She prepares it herself. He's out of words for a moment don't know what to say or where to start. The waiter immediately comes and asks the order. 
"Anything expensive and delicious" He responds still starring at her, not realising a mistake he is saying, only trying to impress her 
"You look gorgeous." Finally he talks showing still being envious, even shacking. Leaving her start realising that there is something wrong. "Are you okay?" She asks
"Yes I'm fine; it's just too hot here." He utters immediately transforming his tie into a fen, but Lisa is still confused. She even thinks maybe the problem is with her. 'Can I go to the ladies room please?' She asks and goes off leaving her cell phone in the table. He take it fast without being seen, trying to steal her photos because of knowing that there is more beautiful picture of her in the phone too. But so disappointed when he finds out that the first photo in her gallery is a man and so angry that there are more photos of this man on the phone. Then discovers that it's her boyfriend.

CHAPTER 2

Within few seconds she comes back and the phone is already down, he then pretend normal as if there is no matter by smiling and converse well with her. Within a moment waiter comes back with coloured and looking delicious meal, not even knowing what this is. This is his first time eating something like this, but now pretends as if this is his usually meal. Lisa feels being spoiled, happier and thank him for such a great meal, because this is her first time eating such a meal. They continue chat, laugh and having fun in the table. After eating everything, the bill comes. Before viewing it, firstly he takes out his wallet and takes little money out. After opening the menu, heart suddenly stops beating, the eyes stops blinking and immediately stops talking, shocked by the price. The body is shacking and sweating all over.
"Can I go to the loo?" Asking shacking
"Yes you can. What's going on, you look tense?"She asks but he is too upset and embarrassed to answer that. After few minutes gone Lisa takes a bill just to watch and so surprise by the price.
*****
What! Erick must be rich, I can't afford this, even if I have to stay home and do nothing about a week trying saving money for this but I can't. Maybe he can afford it because his parents maybe both working 
***** Lisa having an inner conversation.
But, Erick interrupts that conversation. There is no other choice except telling her the truth about the money
"Lisa don't be angry about this, I was trying to make this right but it's all messed up."
"All messed up! What are talking about?"
"But we will be fine." Returning trying to act calm
'Erick what's wrong?' she asks confused. "I don't have...." Stops for a moment. 'I don't have enough money to pay for the bill, that is why I was busy asking everyone inside for help. I am so sorry, can you please add some on top of this I promise I won't ask you anything again especially money please.' Asking feeling embarrassed not even eying at her, but luckily Lisa has it, she is so disappointed and gives it to him even though she doesn't want to.
"Erick I will give you, its fine but this is not my money, so you'll have to bring it back because granny is going to kill me if you don't." voicing giving and looking him on his eyes but he looks the other way. The conversation stops, nobody now wants to talk
"Erick do you have money to go back?" Lisa asks trying to reach his eyes, but he is now afraid to tell the truth, so he decides to ignore her. 'Do you have it Erick?' asking again and the face changes now.
"Lisa I am sorry, I don't have it" pausing for a moment. 'But you have yours Right?' asking wishing for a Yes answer. "Erick how can say that, how will you reach home because it's too far away from here and you can't walk at all." Shouting but whispering at him
"I will walk or hike, I don't have any choice." Erick utters. She is disappointed after hearing that. During that time Erick is wishing for the way out of the restaurant, wishing even the date is not happening yet. "Erick I have mine but it too little for the both of us and I can't walk at all, it's too far." Lisa voices immediately taking her bag and walk out of the restaurant leaving him sitting with no choice but to walk alone. He is so embarrassed after seeing some couple in the other side whispering and giggling looking at him, making it obvious that they are talking about him.
He sits for few minutes waiting for her to get a tax and then follows. She is now nowhere to be found as wanted. Unfortunately the weather is against him but there is no choice other than starting the journey. On the way home, he tries to hike each and every car but no one wants to take him till reaching home. He is disappointed and angry about the date, he cant even think for better solution because of anger. He gets inside the house wet like he was swimming with clothes. He closes the door and stand in front of it like he is about to take a picture. The father is still watching the television.
"Erick! Why are you like this?" Father asks peeping down at his shoes after silent for few seconds
"Can I go to my room first?" Responding with no respect. 'No Erick you have to tell a story first!' His father again, looking him straight to his eyes, waiting for response.
"Okay, I am wet, there is nothing else" Erick shouting back, he can't wait for another question, just goes straight into his room, closes the door and cry. Unfortunately he hears him crying. 'Erick! What is wrong? Open the door!' The father says knocking in the door, trying to get in but the door is locked.
"I said I am okay, I don't need your help!" Utters with the crying voice. "Erick, let me inside so that we can talk" His father voices. At that time Erick is becoming frustrated and decides to ignore him, instead thinks about Lisa; asking his elf to call or just leave her. But the father can't stop knocking. "Erick please open the door!" He expresses but Erick ignores up until irritated and opens it
"What do you want? I told you I'm just wet, nothing else, why don't you listen?" Shouting at him, wiping tears. "You still wet!" He exclaims gazing at the trouser. "I am still searching for my clothes" Same time to his closet, living the door with him. 'Erick I know maybe you sometimes take me as your step father, but the reason I am in your life is because I have to guide you, so tell me the matter.'  The father says closing the door as if to follow him.
But Erick is only focussing on his closet. "Erick did you hear me?"
'Yeah I heard you but let talk tomorrow.' He responds and now there is a trouser on his hands. "No you have to tell right now. Is it your friends or girls? Yesterday you were this and still today! No, now I need the truth." Utters the father and immediately sits. 
"I will tell you everything in the morning!" Erick shouts, pulling him to stand. 'What are...?' But Erick says nothing, now pushing him outside, fortunately the father doesn't fight back. "Good night." He voices and same time closes the door. He is now alone; the date incident is still ringing in his ears to even call Lisa. But unfortunately it goes straight to voice mail
*****
Maybe she doesn't want to talk with me. What should I do, should I call her or just leave her? Or maybe I have to go where she leaves and apologise, but what if she don't even want to see me today or ever again. No let me call her later again after few minutes, maybe the phone will ring
***** Erick's thoughts
He then wait for few minutes and call again but still the voicemail, disappointing him more and more, now feeling like she is avoiding him for good. He can't sleep, during the midnight he tries calling but same thing happens again, forces him to not sleep at all, crying.
In the morning his father wakes first thinking that his son is now better as it happened the last time, making even a tea for him. He then goes to his room with a smile to wake him. "Erick my son you can take this tea and....." stopping after seeing him crying. 'What's wrong?" He says, putting down the tea and marches to him.
"What is the matter?" Asking again giving him a tissue. It's even hard for Erick to peep his father eyes, preferring to eye elsewhere and tries to hold tears but unfortunately, he is failing dismally. Instead it looks like he is calling all out. "Okay here is the truth, I need money" He lies.
"What money?"
'Yesterday I went out with one of my friends and we were far away from here. We went there to buy some clothes but the problem is that we firstly ordered food. We were both surprised when we find out that our order was more money than we had, so we didn't have any choice other than borrowing from the people inside the restaurant. Some of them laughed at us so the day changed to be worse, so I'm still disappointed. What scared me the most was that; they were starting calling cops. Luckily two people helped us." Explains Erick. 'Okay then why you wet?'
"As we had no more money to catch a tax, we had to walk till here, that's why I am wet." Continuing explaining. Fortunately the father believes the story because of the tears. "Okay its fine my son how much do you owe them?" The father asks
"Owing who?"
"Customers you borrowed money from, how much did you take from them so that you can pay back their money and how will you do it?" 
"Oh customers, maybe it's......" Pausing for a moment doesn't know what to say, 'Oh no never mind about the price I will tell you later, there is no rush, you can hold it, for now can I have my tea please' Now changing the topic. "Okay father how was your day and night" He utters now the tea is in his hands. Fortunately the father doesn't see what he is trying to do, he instead carry on with the new topic till exiting the room. He's now left alone and feels better after the converse. Lisa is out of his mind for now, but unluckily after a moment the memory comes back again.
 Tries calling her again but the phone is still off. So he decides to go where she leaves. He then goes there, luckily she is alone outside cleaning the yard.
"Hello Lisa are you good?" Greeting her nervously, but Lisa ignores him.
"Lisa come on how are you doing?" Greeting again. Before she even responds, the Lisa's grandmother comes
"And then, who are you and what is the matter?" She asks. I am sorry granny I am Erick and I......"
"Stop there you Erick, I don't care where you from and your surname, what I need from you to do is to get out of my yard now! I don't want to see you near my Lisa or in my yard ever again, Do you hear me?" Granny disturbing him while explaining. 'But granny I am her....'
"There is no but here, I want you out, don't you hear? But you can stay if you want cops." Intervening again, same time taking the phone out. During that argument Lisa expresses nothing pretending like she is far away from them or doesn't even know why they arguing. Erick is confused on what going on because he only expects a fight from Lisa not the other way around. 'Lisa tell your granny that I...' disturbed again
"Boy do you want me to call the cops or what?" Now shouting. Lisa continues cleaning, no comments. Erick is now left with no choice but to get away without even saying why he is here. On the way home he thinks he have to apologise to Lisa by doing something for her, but the problem is that he is broke to do that. So his mind tells him to tell the truth to his father so that he can get the money.
*****
Okay if I tell my father about these maybe things will be fine. But what if he denies helping me because I want the money only just to impress the girl, no I have to find something else
***** That's the conversation within him
He goes home disappointed not knowing what to do, because it's now seems like Lisa don't want him and the worst is even the grandmother hates me. Although he is angry and disappointed but this time he tries to hide it, pretending everything as normal just to approach his father. 'My father I have a little problem here, can you please help me?' begging his father.
"Anything for you my son, what's wrong?" The father asking smiling.
"My father all my friends has drivers licence and I am the only one who doesn't, that's makes me unhappy because i am currently feeling as an outsider." That idea comes now as talking with the father.
"You want licence?" Asking surprised. 'Yes I want to have licence I am tired of being different to my friends.' Continuing explaining. Erick knows exactly that his father cares for him; he knows that Drivers licence is nothing to him especially as it is something for his future. He needs a lot of money that's why he prefers something like it to lie about.
"Okay my son you know that I can do anything for you right?"
"Yes dad, I know that and I know that you my only father who exist in this world" Erick flattering. 'Okay I have a friend of mine who currently working with these Licence things and I am sure he can do a favourer for me. He can make sure that you don't fail and with less funds but I will go talk with him first. Relax; you will get your licence that is a good thinking.' His father promising.
"Do you mean we have to do a fraud?"
"No Erick don't put it like that, we are not making a fraud but we are making things easier, faster and more guaranteed. Remember your friends are already has their drivers licence, so you need it fast and that better instead of waiting for two years failing again and again wasting my money. Says the father. "No father I don't want fraud, I can't go to prison I want a proper licence. I want to do everything clean and legit with no cops on my back"
"Erick I know what I'm talking about, no cops will be on your back and to tell the truth, if you want to do things legit regarding licence, I promise you will fail up to five times with lot of money spent on nothing, if you like you can ask your friends how they got it, they will tell you as I am telling right now, so please stop pretending as a priest in front of me and let me help you" His father says irritated. "Father when will I get a chance to do things on my own ways? You always tell me that I should do that and this; I'm now old enough to do things on my own. I can now make my own decisions, so please stop interfering and support me." Explaining now starting to upset. 
Here is the licence idea and that is you decision. I'm only trying to help you and I am currently supporting you, what other support you need other than this?
"You are not helping me father, you are telling me of what and how should I do things which is wrong. I don't need you to tell me that I am wrong if I want to do things on my own, especially if it legal. Yes maybe my friends got their drivers licence fraudly, but I am not them and will never be we are only friend that's all. So there is no reason for me to do wrong as they did, I only want it legally" He is now shouting.
'Erick please grow up! What's wrong with you? Do you think I can do something that can put you behind bars? This is how you get licence in nowadays, you do legit, you don't get it, that's how this world operates and the problem here is that, it will be my own money we will be wasting doing something but getting nothing in return, so please trust me on this one, I know it's a good idea and it will work' His father explaining. "So you are saying that the problem here is that I am asking money from you, or maybe you don't want to help?" 
"Obvious I want to help Erick, but I want to use my money wisely, I don't want to take risks while there is a better way. There is nothing wrong here, you will get your licence as your friends did, I don't know how this is such a problem to you!" The father shouting back now
'You want to help me by trying to make me commits a crime? Crime! I don't want to go to jail no matter what I won't go there'
"What is your problem Erick?" Asking roughly. "There is no problem; all I want is to do no crime"
"There is..."
'No! I want to get licence as I have to, as it has to be done, no fraud or something illegal must be involved. I don't want to go to prison.' Erick disturbs. "Okay I understand, so what do you want me to do or what do you need from me?"
'I wan..........' don't know what to say or how to put his demands. "I want you to support me, that all I want from you" Continues. 
"Okay, because you are now old enough to make your decisions, you don't need any guidance, you now only demand and do whatever you want it's okay, I am supporting. So Erick, tell me what is your next move? Will you go to driving school courses spend two years learning or what?" The father is now give-upping arguing with him. After that question Erick does not know what to voice next or what to ask next and pause for few seconds to figure out how he will ask for money without debating again. "Okay dad I am sorry for making angry, the problem here is that I don't want to go to prison, no one gets there and get out happy. They are saying it's hard to survive inside, so I don't want to experience that myself." Erick cooling down the situation.
"Okay Erick I understand, so please stop wasting time. I know that you want to stay clean and do everything according to the law, okay its fine, but what I need from you right now is your next move. What do you need me to do Erick?" Asking again. After realising that his father is still mad at him, he then realizes that this is not the right time to ask for money, instead he can ask other time when everything calm. 'Okay father let's talk about this later' He express
"Erick there is nothing to talk about later here, this must be solved now!" The father demands. Even though Erick thinks that this is not the right time to ask for money but he is left with no other choice but to ask. "Okay father I firstly need money so that I can start the lessons. It's not much money, it's just a little" Erick utters thinking it's a better idea than just ask for the big amount of money. 'So Erick every time you want money, you will come to me? Don't you think it's better to say the whole sum you need to complete that course of yours, because its looks like I will pay over and over again here.' The father voices
"The problem is that I don't know how much I will need for the whole course, maybe it's better to talk about this later" Erick utters realising that this licence thing was a bad idea from the start. He didn't think that it was going to be such an issue. Before even his father responds, he voices, 'right now father I have to go somewhere.' Rushing to his room, showing that he isn't asking for permission. The father is still upset so he don't stop him, Erick goes to his room for couple of minutes and comes out wearing another clothes, making it obvious that he is going somewhere.
"Okay Erick where are going now?" Father asks, He then pauses for few moment don't knowing what to express. 'I...I am going to meet with my friends to ask how much did their licence cost them" He answers
"Your friends didn't get their licences as you want earn it. They did as I was telling you; you also have to cheat not to studying a bunch of books, but that all up to you now." His father says but a little calm this time. That squeeze Erick because there are no friends he is rushing to, he just want to get out to think another plan to get a money after seeing that this licence plan is now failing, things are not going as planned.
Okay, but I have to ask them if they have any knowledge cause I want this licence soon as possible" Erick voices trying to run away. 'Relax I know how much they will say. What you have to do is to do a proper research not knowledge from your friends, because they know nothing on what you will be asking them. But you will do that in other time, right now stay here with me so that we can have a little chat instead of going out and come back with tears, because I know that what will happen. You also know it. So today I suggest that you stay here with me instead.' The father utters.
"I don't understand why you are saying that" Erick asks surprised. 'Today we have to spend some quality time together as father and son'
'Wait dad, are you now stopping me to meet with my friends?' Asking scowling 
"No son I just want us to spend some time together." Now he looks like begging. 'Why that time should be today?' Asking glancing him in a disrespectful manner
"It can be another day or another time but it also can be today"
"Okay dad, it cannot be today because today I am meeting my friends" Telling him in the eyes as if he is telling one of his friends. The father is disappointed at Erick's action but decide to say nothing and let him do as he wants. 'Okay my son maybe next time because today you are in a rush.' Expressing disappointed with a low voice. At that time Erick doesn't even notice how his father feels, because of being angry too, what angers him is that he don't get what he wants. So he left him there standing and walks off the house. He doesn't even know where to go; He only wanted to get out of the house just to think of how to get this money.
*****
How am I going to get this money? Maybe I should start by robbing people or steal my father's money because he won't just give me money. Or maybe someone can borrow me then I'll pay later, what should I do?
******
Erick asking himself walking alone in the street heading to the bar just to chill and think clearly about the situation. In the store he firstly decides not to use that little money he has so that he can add on top of it from the money surpassingly to get from the father to impress his girl. After a while feeling bored he decides to use the money for few drinks, within a few minutes, he is already drunk and uses all the money.
"Hey waiter, can I ask you something?" He asks but the waiter doesn't even have a time for him, so instead he ignores him. 'Hey waiter I am talking with you. Can I ask you something?' Waiter pretends as if he doesn't hear him at all, continuing serving other customers instead.
"Hey you waiter! What wrong with you, I am talking to you, why ignoring?" He asks and shouts at him again. The waiter doesn't have any other choice left other than attending him, because its looks like he is never going to stop. "Okay you can ask what's wrong?" Waiter asks, but Erick firstly finishes his whiskery instead of asking and pauses for little moment just swallowing the whiskery from his mouth.
'Please ask or I am going, I have lot of people to attend, make it quickly please!' waiter rushing him. "Okay stop! Here is the question; How do you get emergency money if you really need it...because I have a problem today I......."
"Stop there! I can't listen to your stories, I am busy here and if you want a fast money just apply for a loan you will be fine and please after getting that money, you should use some here" Says the waiter interrupting him from explaining, showing that he have no time for him. 'A loan!' Erick asking again like he didn't hear well.
"Yes a loan, that's a better way for getting fast money and please let me go now I have to go and serve some customers, excuse me" Waiter says leaving him there. 'A loan waiter...! Where can I get a loan, can you lend me waiter! Waiter!' Waiter is nowhere to be found
****
He want me to get a loan, where will I get a loan and how can I apply for it because I'm not even working. Where will I get money to pay it later? But maybe this is the better idea than just waiting for my father. About paying; that is a later problem, what I have to do is to fix that I am facing currently and worry about other later. So I will give this loan idea a try and see where it put me. I can't lose Lisa on that thing I saw in her phone during our date. Yes everything for me is starting to lighten up now. I will buy for her an expensive gift she never had before, so that I can kick this guy out.
******* 
Erick not realising that he is saying all his thought out loud but luckily the sound of a radio is too loud and no one have a time to listen to some stranger, everyone is there for their own reason. He realises after doing it but doesn't care anyway. So Erick sees this as a good idea instead of waiting for his father, he then stop drinking and goes off the bar just to search on how he is going to get a loan, so he get out and goes straight to the home. As usually his father is expecting him to get in crying but it deferent this time, instead he is drunk. "Hey father I need your help" He voices same time closing the door.
'Erick what happened and why are like this?' asks surprised.
"No, no, no. Dad please stop with questions, today I am the only person who is going to ask." Saying going straight to the chair which is in the side near the door
Erick! Why you so smashed, what happened and what help are are you talking about? Is this about telling you to stop drinking alcohol? Because that what you need when you like this" Utters the father surprised. 'Stop there father, I am the one asking, I need you to help me with a loan'
"What?" 

CHAPTER 3

The father asking surprised. 
"Yes I need you to help me with a loan now!" Erick repeats
'Erick you want me to borrow you money or.... What are you really saying I don't understand?' Father asks. "No, no, no. Stop there! You don't have that kind of money I want, so I need you to...." Realises that if he express he want the loan for himself, the father won't help, 'I need you to help me find a loan for my friend. He is in a deep problem and he desperate needs money so please help I'm the only person who can help'
"Why that friend of yours can't find a loan himself, why are you the one bothering? First of all why are you even drunk or you have problems too. Is it that licence issue?" his father asking showing not knowing what is going on
"No, for now let forget about that licence thing. You didn't want to help while was needed, so stop with it; we will talk about it later. Right now we should be worry about a loan, that all I want right now" Erick voices looking him straight into the eyes showing that he expect no answer. His reaction is frustrating his father but anyway he decides not to fight against him, now tired of arguing with his son and sees that he would be wasting his time if he goes head to head with him.
'Okay I can help, who is that friend of yours?' father asks. "Thank you but for now; I will go and take a nap. Then we will talk about this in the morning" Erick says, same time standing up and go straight to his room without even waiting for any response. The way he is, he can't even take off the shoes before bed, that's now his father's work.
Again in the morning Erick is the first to get off the bed, making tea for his father and even serving him while in the bed. 'Here is the tea my lovely father.' Erick says smiling like he just won the lotto.
'Okay thank you and then why today, what happened?' Asking surprised. "Stop asking dad, you always ask, right now there are no questions you only have to relax and enjoy the tea. What else you want me to do today? I don't know what happened, I'm just happy to help anyone; I don't know why, maybe it's God's magic, who knows" uttering with a smile.
Okay now I see. Erick I've known for too long now, I know that smile, it either you want something or there is something wrong you did, Right? What wrong did you do?
'Did I do? I said no questions today, I only need instructions' Erick returning calmly. "Okay Erick I'm now giving instructions, sit down and tell me what you want, that's an instruction not a question" His father responds calmly  and smiling waiting for response. 'No father I can't sit, remember I only want to help, sitting is a waste of time, tell me what you want I will do it for you' 
Okay Erick I give up, you can relax and do whatever you want; right now I'm just fine
"Okay maybe I can be a little help in the garden"
'You in my garden! In my garden?" The father exclaiming because Erick had never put his foot in the garden for three years now, he is surprised. "Yes in the garden, sometimes it feels great to be a help, especial at home." Says Erick, convincing. 'No, no, no Erick you can't go there, you can't break my plant and flowers. You can do something else maybe we can go some other time together not you alone. Right now forget about the garden, you don't even know how to handle a fork, yet you want to go alone, I don't think that a good idea.' The father voices but impressed at the same time.
"Okay its fine I will do something else, as to make a yard looks good, is that right?" Erick laughing, expecting an obvious answer. "Okay that fine, you can do that, there is nothing to damage there. I don't trust you when it comes to my garden. I've worked so hard for it to be ruined by you in few second!" Voices the father, smiling back. 'Okay dad don't bother yourself by trying to help me or follow to instruct how am I suppose to do this, I've got all under control. Only you need to do is to relax and shouts if there is anything you want' Erick says, same time moving away showing he is about to leave the room. "I wonder what happened but I think I like this Erick, he is helpful and so kind.' The father respond, unfortunately Erick is already out, going straight as promised, cleaning the yard like never before. Checking his father each and every hour up until the yard is done. The father is impressed.
Well done my son, if you can carry on like this I promise I can give you anything you want. I am so proud of you my son. His father says, smiling and handshake him
"Anything?" Asking loud as surprised. 'Yes, anything as long as I can do it but.'
Okay that's great. Erick utters pauses for few minutes like he don't know how he can continue. "Oh. Father you remember that conversation we had yesterday about a loan?" He continues.
Yes I remember talking about that, you were serious about it? 
'Yeah, I really want to help my friend, he is so in trouble. Later I have to go meet him with a response. His situation is out of control and there is no to help except me. I am the only closest friend' Erick begs. "Okay I can be a help, I can help him with someone who can lend him money".
'Yes! Can you give the details so that I can go right now and give it to him, but before that; thank you for being such a help, it means a lot.' Saying hugging him like a boy who is less than fifteen years old, the father gives him all the details in the paper. "Thank you again dad, right now I have to go meet him, so that I can tell this great news and gives him these great details" Thanking his father again as he leaves the room.
'It's a pleasure to help those who need it, but remember my son if you want money, don't loan it if you want it say it I can give to you or wait until I have it. These details are only to help that friend of yours, who has no one to cry on, except you. You must not use those details in future except if you are employed, because if not you won't be able to pay back. Wait! Is your friend working?' The father asking. "Yes, he is currently working but his salary is too little to cover all his expenses" Erick responds.
"Okay that's better, briefly tell me what that bad happened to him to need money like this"
Right now, I have to go, so about that I have to tell you later. have a nice day I love you dad!' Erick voicing walking out of the house, rushing to so called his girlfriend just to check on how she is doing, it's been day since they voice anything each other and its loos like she don't care about him anymore. On his way to her, he is so happy as if he is already won her, busy saluting everyone in the street. The neighbours are surprised of what going on with him, even assisting everyone he finds on a street, surprising them.
"Hellos, is there anyone home?" Shouting showing happiness, same time entering without their permission. Granny and her granddaughter are both home. He knocks and enters in the dining room while they are in the kitchen. 'You again! What is wrong with you?' Granny coming to the dining to check who is knocking but surprised to find that he is already inside.
"Granny! There is nothing wrong with me I just came here to say hello!" Voicing glowing a smile on his face showing being happy, Lisa then realises voice but not even bother to check.
'Okay, do you know what you have to do, you have to stand up and leave this room, come knock again until I say you can come in, not just budging showing no respect. Do you have a friend here, am I your friend?' Asking shouting at him while getting comfortable in the couch. "Yes granny Lisa is my friend." Erick express and the smile is starting to disappear.
"Oh! She is the one who told you that this is your home, you can budge in any time you want?" 
No... She didn't, it's...
'Stop responding and knock again'
"But..."
'Stand up!' Granny shouting, same time Erick stands up. "Go there and knock until I say come in." She utters pointing him outside. After uttering that she goes back to the kitchen to continue with what she was doing, Lisa voices nothing, only just laughs. To him it's like she is not even in the house.
"Knock-Knock-knock" Knocking less active this time, firstly no one answers, pretending like they heard nothing. He then knock again, unfortunately they are quiet and responds after a third knock, only the granny do talking, Lisa is just busy to say anything. 'Okay Good day, how can we help?' Granny voices while he is entering but he isn't returning, firstly wanting to sit down. He sits on the same couch he was in before chased out. "Hey! I didn't say you can sit down, I asked why are you here?" Voices an old lady as he is about to sit. Lisa continues with hiding in the kitchen, just busy cooking. After grandmothers shouting, Erick forget everything he was about to say. The day then goes from great to worst for him, now disappointed.
"I came to say hello" Utters Erick avoiding eye contact, instead glancing the floor.
'You came all this way just to say hello! Are you mad or what?' Grandmother shouting at him again
"Can I ask granny?" Asking nervously. 'Hey you are really mad, how can I ask you a question and you ask me back too? What is your name?' Now the voice is up.
I am Erick. Answering looking the floor again
"Okay Mr. Erick listens here, this is not a place for people mad like you, if you ever come back again, I will then call the cops and they will deal with you better than I do because I see that I am failing"
"I am sorry for coming here, I promise I won't come back again but can I please see Lisa? I need to talk with her" Erick asks as if he is about to kneel. 'Okay before I do anything I will regret; I need you to get out of this house now! You will never see her, did you hear me?' saying as if she is about to snap him.
Please, I promise you that I won't come back here again, please let me talk with her" He begs again. Fortunately Lisa feels sorry for him and comes in, but granny is still upset to let him talk with her.
"Hey stop it and give up! I don't want you near her, only you......"
'It's okay granny, Let us hear what he want to say then he will be out.' Lisa interrupting the grandmother. "Okay Erick I am now here, what is that to talk about? Why do you want me and please be quickly because I am currently busy." Lisa voices eying him in the eyes.
"Lisa I came to salute you and....' Looking at the grandmother. 'Can we please at least talk outside because there is..... Her." He continues with a low voice pointing at the grandmother lightly. At that time Lisa's granny is gazing him straight into his eyes and showing too much upset. 
'You are so disrespectful! You just budge in and yet you are asking my grand-daughter out in front of me! What do you call that?'
"Relax granny I will handle this. Erick you said you want to talk with me; here I am, you can say whatever you want to say in front of her because we don't have any secrets, do we?" These words disappoint Erick more, not even knowing what to express next. 'Lisa why, why are you doing this now? Are you chasing me away too? Please Lisa I only need one minute to talk with you outside and then you can continue with whatever you were doing, I promise I won't be long' Now begging Lisa, at that time grandmother is standing looking at him with an anger, making obvious that if this was for her to decide, she was going to give him a hard time. He could be gone by now.
"Okay granny, can we please give him a chance; I will tell what he said" Lisa pleasing her grandmother . 'No Lisa, this man is crazy, what if he kills outside, no! Whatever he want to say, he must say it right now in front of me. What wrong with that?' 
"Please granny, it will only take few minutes and I will be gone after that" Erick begging for himself.
'Shut up! Who said you can give an opinion, this is none of your concern. You should be thanking Lisa for letting you stay here until now because if this was my decision, you would be gone by now' Granny shouting at him. "Please granny let me talk with her."
"I said stop!"
'It's okay, we can talk outside but I don't promise to give you long time" Lisa interrupting them.
They then go out outside, before even taking a few steps, Lisa stops. "Okay Erick I am not going anywhere with you, so we can stop here and start talking. What is wrong with you, what do you want? And please Erick be quick because I don't want to upset my grandmother" Lisa tells Erick. 'Okay Lisa, I am sorry for what happened last time. I should have done something better instead of what I did'
"Okay you can carry on I am listening and please don't tell me that you came all this way just to say I am sorry, talk Erick I have no time! I am busy" Raising her voice now. 'Okay Lisa I think I have to tell you something.' Says Erick glancing her in the eyes trying to be romantic
"Erick, you think? No you have to tell me that thing, so please talk I am listening and stop wasting my time" Shouting at him again. He is disappointed to be shouted at especial by Lisa, but there is no other choice than to express it.
I think I like you' Voices Erick fast like he is rushing somewhere
"What?" eying at him, opening all her eyes
'I.....' Erick pauses for a moment scared of telling again because of the way she is looking at him. 'I think I love you" Uttering again
"Oh... Erick, you always think that and that; you don't get to a point. So do you mean you came all this way just to say that, what should I do now, let me hear it from you, should I just jump or celebrate?" Lisa asked as confused. 'No, come on Lisa you don't have to do that, I was just telling you how I how I feel about you and ask you out again. I promise you it won't be the same as it happened.' 
What?
'I need you to give me a chance on a second date, I know I messed up but this time I will do everything perfectly' Erick responds. "Why should I believe you after what you did" She asks.
"Please Lisa I promise that it won't happen again." He voices. 'Okay it fine if you say so, beside I also need a time out, why didn't you say it in the beginning. You know I should be apologising for what happened inside, my granny is a little bit hush, so please forgive her.' Saying that with a smile, high voice. She likes to be spoiled a little and going out. "Hey it's enough now! Lisa come and cook, let that crazy man go" Granny shouting inside the house. 'Okay I am coming granny, he is now going!' Screaming back.
"So what you have to do now Erick is to call me and tell all the details regarding the date and please stop coming here because my granny don't like this" Lisa confirming that she is accepting an offer, everything is now on him. 'Okay thanks Lisa you won't regret this I promise.'
'Promising her what, are you now threatening my daughter?' Granny interrupt unexpectedly. 
"Granny please let him go now I will tell you everything. You can now go Erick it's okay" Lisa fighting for him. 'Thank you.' Leaves and now feels better. So from Lisa's home, he goes straight to apply for a loan using the details he already got. Luckily the loan is approved; he gets the money although it's not much money but its more enough for the date. He is happy to even sing on the street like he's high. He is even thinking going to tavern but he sees that as bad idea. "Hey father" Hailing surprising his father, confusing him.
'Hey my son how was your day?' His father returning with a smile but confused. 
"There is no need to ask dad, I am okay as you can see, you know sometime God has his own ways of doing things even when you lose hope he just give it to you" Erick says. 'Okay that weird, what happened, you got a job.' The father asks surprised, because he never heard him talking about God ever since.
'A job! No it not a job' Erick responding. "Then what is it, stop playing hide and sick and tell me what going on.' 
"My friend got a loan and showed so much thanks to me and made me realises that life is too short to be so selfish, you must help those who needs helps so that you be better too. Beside that it's so fantastic to hear someone say thanks to you, only that can change your whole day" Erick returns. 'Okay that better, I'm glad that you can be such a help to someone, it's a blessing to have a child like you, who still think for others even if you don't have that help they want, but search for them. That great and I am so proud of you, so pick it up, that a good work.' The father appreciating.
"Thank you, I am old now, it's time to be responsible and does things as a man not a child as I was all along" The smile is glowing in his face. 'You know what, I've been thinking.'
Thinking about what dad? Erick asking surprised showing being interested in knowing. "I think I have to do that licence of yours, you only need to tell me the school's name so that I can go and pay sooner. You deserve an award after such a great work you did for your friend and I am pretty much sure that where ever he is right now, you are on his mind" The father confirming to pay for the licence, making Erick happier. Even though he only wanted money earlier but he now sees that he need licence anyway so that he can get a job so that he can pay the loan back. "Thank you father that will be a sweet of you; I really need a licence I have to find a job now just like others who are same age as me.
'Okay it's a pleasure. So earlier you said your friend need this money fast but never mention what is wrong with him, I think we now have a time, you can start telling me what was wrong with him because I am really feeling sorry for him even though I don't know the matter' The father asks, Erick pauses for few seconds not knowing what to say because he didn't expect this question. "Erick is it really bad, who died, is he in dept or maybe is it his family member sic...?" The father asks showing really feeling sorry for the so called Erick's friend. Erick can't even gaze him in the eyes, scared of that he may be caught that he is lying. Instead of responding he decides to change the topic before his father even suspect.
"You know what, it doesn't matter what's wrong with him, what matters is that we helped him. And I can't talk about his issues because I promised him that I won't tell anyone including the one who helped; that you, so dad I am sorry that I can't tell you. Anyway what we must know is that we helped him and he is really thankful for that" Erick says.
'Okay we must respect his wishes if he says so. What I am happy about is that we helped him, but you did more that's great thing.' The father affirms. "Okay enough about him now dad, he is now cool, good and helped, what about us?' Trying to change a topic, 'You can tell me about your work, anything like when will you open?' Erick continues
"Oh that's a great question, soon I will be getting a promotion I will be a supervisor in no time, that means I would be able to even open a place for you to come and work with me" The father says but unlucky, Erick don't like the idea. 'Congratulation dad, but is it a great idea to come and work next to you?' Erick asks expressing dislike. "Yes it's a great idea, look you would be treated nicely, as I would be supervisor. Everything would be better for you. You can even get a promotion too, maybe clerk or something but it's a great idea.'
'No father I don't want to be always in your tail, I want to start my own journey, just like being an Admin as that is a position I was studying for or anything else not following you' Erick denies wishes of the father and he is impressed anyway. These words makes him realises that Erick is now a real; man, he can now take care of himself.
"That also okay, actually that a great attitude but look on the bright side of this; In the other side while you busy looking for that work you want to do, on the other you will be earning some too, that is a great thing because no time will go wasted, so that is what I am offering." The father says trying to convince.
'Okay thank you father. I know that I need some cash just to boost my life and what you are offering is a great opportunity anyone wishes for but what exactly I want to do is to do it on my own, without taking an advantage of your help. I want to start my own journey without your help, that's what I want. You helped me since I was a little boy and I am thanking you for that, you did great for me. But now I can do things myself, on my own way. You told me what wrong and right and its now my time to show you what I learnt.' Erick says, really denying his father's help.
"Okay its fine, you can do whatever you think it better for you, but I am proud of you, you are showing an improvement" The father appreciating with a smile. "Thank you dad for understanding and supporting me in everything. You were always there for me, I really appreciate that." They then continue talking as father and son. Enjoying spending time together like never before. Resulting spending time together for the whole day, instead of one going out as usually. On that day in the evening he calls Lisa to set up a date he promised her, sending the date day which is due the following day. Lucky she like it, she even shows happiness by calling him to just to thank him.
On the following day, a great and big day for Erick. As usual when he is happy, getting up early and helping his father with everything he needs for the morning as well as cleaning the yard before doing anything for himself. After that he calls her girlfriend to ask how is she doing and tell her that she should be getting ready. Everything goes as he wanted. Even Lisa arriving earlier than last time on the date.
The bill comes as the last time and everything is good, the cash is enough, he can buy whatever he wants or she want. They both order what they want and while eating Erick hold her hand. "Lisa I am sorry for what happened last time, what I did was stupid" Erick apologising looking her in the eyes
'It's okay Erick, I am also sorry for what my grandmother said.' Lisa returning, looking him too like she want a kiss, moving slowly closer to him.
"Lisa before we kiss, who is that man on your phone?" Erick asking pointing at the phone.
'What?' Same time leans back.

CHAPTER 4

'Yes Lisa you heard me, I asked who is in your phone' Pointing a phone again.
"Okay wait; there is a man on my phone?" Lisa asking and the smile is disappearing. 'Lisa please stop fooling me. I know there are photos of a man on your phone and I am asking who is that men' he asks again, the face changes.
"Okay first of all who told you that there is a man here, because I don't recall giving you my cell phone, so how did you see that photo? Second who told you we were about to kiss each other? Lastly, did you invite me here just to interrogate me or what? Cause if it's so, I'll have to leave right now!" Lisa says raising a voice pointing him.
'Do you remember the last time we were here?'
"Yes I do, so what?" She asks actively
"You left your phone here while going to ladies room, the time you were away I took your phone just to look at your pictures and then I bumped to that man, so who is he?" Erick opening all his eyes, needing a same time response
'Erick, what is wrong with you, how can you enter my phone without my permission? Maybe granny was right about you. You really mad Erick and I've never seen a man like you and there is no one except those crazy just like you. And you know what; let me just go from here!' Lisa utters picking up her bag, beside the chair and stands as to go.
"Okay, okay. Don't do that Lisa. Please sit down" Grasping her with an arm. 'I agree I was wrong to take your phone without your permission, I should have asked you first before even touching it. So please sit down and forgive me' Erick continues and Lisa pauses peeping at him.
'All right, I will stay but please don't even try to talk about my phone because if you do, I will leave.' Lisa confirms. "Fine Lisa but we have to talk about it because I've already seen a picture. So before I continue with what I want to say, I want firstly to solve this matter." He voices looking her in the eyes.
'Okay, the man you saw on my phone was my boyfriend and he isn't now. So what is that you want to say?' She asks
"Lisa I know that sometimes I am jerk or sometimes I do crazy but I think I now has feelings for you. When I see you my heart stop beating like I've seen an angel and you have a fantastic voice. So what do you say about that?" 
'You think you what? Please Erick say what you want to say and please stop wasting my time. If you say you think you have feelings for me, what does that mean?' Lisa asks again confused. "I mean I .... You know what I mean, so you do too?" 
"Erick I do what? Please stop wasting my time and say what you want to say or I will just leave! I have no time to lose on some useless conversation" Lisa shouting at him showing that she wants a straight talk. 'Come on Lisa you know what I am talking about. You and I were meant to be' Now trying to be convincing.
'Meant to be? Come on Erick.... You know what; forget about it because I am now going, you are wasting my time. Please excuse me.' Lisa standing up as about to go. "Okay cool! I want to give you money" Voices Erick mistakenly trying to convince her not to go. After those words Lisa sit down to listen careful. 'Come again?' Lisa asks as if she didn't hear him at first
"If you stay here with me I can give you any money you want I promise and please be my girlfriend, I will give you everything" Erick utters same time taking out his wallet to give her some cash. 'Fine I will stay, but being you girlfriend is another thing and I don't think that a right idea after all'
'I need the type of a woman like you in my life! Please Lisa I can give you anything you want, you will only have to name it. Even if I don't have it but I'll try to find it up until I get it. You only have to agree on what I am asking from you.' Poor Erick begging. "Did you say anything?"
Yes Anything
"Cool, can you please give me all that money you have and I will give you some, just for the tax. Or are going to change now?" Lisa utters giving him an empty hand to receive money. He pauses at first don't even know how to react because this is the only money he has and to now give it all away is another matter. 'Did you say all of it?' 
"Yes Erick I need all of that money right now, and I will give you some for the tax or is that a problem? If it is then I'll have to go. You have to forget about me staying here and also being your girlfriend. And please you will have to stop calling or coming to my home, so it's your choice, you have to choose" She express showing that she doesn't care even the answer is no. "But Lisa why we don't just share the money, you can take fifty percent of it and another half with me, that's a better idea" He responds 
'Erick I don't want to negotiate with you, here. I want the money, you only have to accept or reject, that what expect from you, so stop negotiating because we are running out of time' Lisa says irritated gazing at him like she is instructing a child.
"Okay, how about seventy percent with you and then I will take thirty of it?" He asks wishing her to change the mind. 'Look Lisa, with this money I have to do a lot at home, so now to just give it to you, I will be causing a problem for myself' He continues showing not wanting to give her. 'Cool that means we have a problem about my offer. So I need you to know this; as you have a problem about my offer so I need you to forget about everything you are asking me. That means I've wasted my time sitting here with you. And another thing, you will have stop halting me if I stand up because I won't sit here looking at you busy doing nothing for me in return' Lisa says returning her hand back.
"All right, here is the money,  but this is not fair." He voices giving all of the money like he is paying for something. He isn't right at all about an idea but have no other choice than to do as instructed. He gives the money glancing on the other sides, eying to see that if there anyone watching him. But unfortunately some customers noticed them from the start. He is disappointed when he realises that there are lot of people watching him. Lisa is okay with it, for her it is great to be seen receiving a money form a man in public.
"Okay thanks, we can now be couples, so what is the next step?" Lisa asks but Erick is so disappointed looking on the sides, peeping at another table two couples talking, laughing, watching and pointing at them showing that they are talking about them."Erick!" Lisa shouting at him.
'What?' He responds making it obvious that he didn't hear what she said. "I asked the next move?" Asking again. Erick does not know what to ask or to say, that is not even on his mind, the only issue is those people gossiping, and laughing at him. "Erick!" Shouting again. Customers who are close to their table laugh at him showing that they hear them.
"Okay I heard you!" Erick shouting back and now starting to be upset. 'Do you have another boyfriend except me?'
'Okay wait, why are you now shouting at me like this, what's wrong with you?' Lisa asks as if she is confused. "Lisa I asked you a question, who is your other man except me, tell me now!" The anger is now driving him.
'Erick what's wrong, why are you like this all of a sudden? There are people here, how will they look at us if you behave like this, please calm down and talk to me or I will just go out because I can't sit in the same table with a crazy man that you are turning yourself into.'
"Why you don't want to answer my question. Do you have another man except me? What the difficult?" Asking with anger again but now lowering the voce. 'Erick behaves yourself or I will just leave, I won't ask you again so please stop it right!' She says making sure that he gets what she means.
"Okay, fine I am sorry for that I don't know what is wrong with me. I just need to get out of here. I am too much angry. But firstly tell who your other man is?" Now asks calm with a low voice disappointed. "Okay Erick, we can go and I will answer that later because right now I see that you are not okay, so let's leave".
'Does that mean you won't answer my question currently? Why is it such a case to tell the truth, it's not even that much it's just yes or no' He utters with a low voice angry but hiding it. "I think this is not the right time to answer questions and please stop worrying about it, it's nothing much, you should worrying about yourself because everyone is now looking at us, so please lets go Erick, I am not comfortable here, or I will then leave alone." She says trying to convincing him to exit the restaurant.
'Why are you doing this to me?' Asking calmly like he is about to show off the tears.
"What have I done?" She asks showing she doesn't know what he talks about. 'You don't want to tell me your boy friend, you are just running to that and that and what really confuse me is that is that I'm not asking a name, I'm only asking the present of him, that's all I want. I don't know why this is so hard to tell." He voices
'Okay Erick there is someone I am dating. The reason I did not want tell you is that I didn't want to break your heart, I really care for you.'
"No Lisa! You don't care about me, please stop saying that. The only reason you did this was just to hide him." He returns, raising his voice. "No it's not like that Erick"
'Okay let's forget about that, tell me what are you going to do about him, as I am now your new boyfriend.' He asks opening all his eyes waiting for the responce. "Wait Erick, what are you asking me now?" She asks as confused.
"I am asking; what will you do about your man?" he ask again, showing that he needs an answer right now. 'I won't do anything, what do you expect me to do?' She asks showing that she is amazed by the question. "Does that mean you are going to hide me from him or what? Please tell me a straight answer, I want to know!"
'Erick do you expect me to introduce you to him? What is that?' She voices again showing really confused. "What I am asking is that will you now break up with him or not?"
'No Erick! Come on that an obvious answer'
"What do you mean now?" He asks disappointed
'I mean No. I am sorry Erick but I can't do that, I will hide you. I love him; I can't break his heart just like that, just because you said so.' Lisa responds using her hands. "Fine Lisa, but you have some nerve to tell me that you love him, how do you expect me to feel" Erick says very calmly, low voice and disappointed.
'I am sorry but that's the truth, I can't break somebody heart just because you love me and I am sorry about that'
"Okay who is him?"
'The name?'
"Yes! The name Lisa what else would I ask for!" 
"I can't tell you the name but he is the one you saw on the cell phone." Lisa says as to open the photo again. 'No I don't need to see him again. So is there anyone else?' Asking expecting a no answer. "Stop it Erick! I am not here to be interrogated. I am also a human being and this is my life. I can do anything I want about it, no one has a right to ask me those questions, and even my grandmother never asks me that. So I am surprised to be asked by you. We only have thirty minutes as couples but are already interrogating me." She voices shouting being irritated. Poor Erick feels more disappointed, he now don't even know what to do or how to react
"Wait Lisa you have another boyfriend?" Scolding. 'All right, cool. If you have other men how many are they? You have to tell me at least a number because I won't date someone while I know nothing about her life.'
"You now want to know about my life?" she asks scowling. 'Yes Lisa that's what lovers do, they tell their secrets to their partners and that is what I am trying to do."
'You said they tell secrets to each other right?' She asks, expecting an obvious answer. "Yes" He returns
'Okay then. I will tell you my secrets when I want to, you don't have to ask. If you want to tell me your secrets, it is fine you can go ahead and tell me but please don't expect me to give mine back,  because I won't do that , you like or not' Lisa shouting at him. "But Lisa you have to tell me about your men. I am you boyfriend I deserve to know how many are they" He utters showing worried.
"Okay fine fifteen." Responding impolitely.
'What?'
"I said I have fifteen men and you are number sixteen, that's what you been asking for so what else do you want to know?" She asks. "Lisa I am serious please stop what you are doing because it's not funny."
'What do you want me to say, because I am telling the truth that you've been asking for all along. Erick I thought you were a real man but right now I am too disappointed, you are acting crazy. I don't even know why I came here at first. You firstly asked me to give you my love, I did as you asked. You also asked about the photo, I again gave an answer and now you are asking how many men I have! How do you even take me, prostitute?' Asking shouting at him and everyone inside now notices a conflict and they now quiet listening.
"Please lower your voice, everyone is looking at us now." Erick begging. 'No Erick they must see how ungrateful you are. And I don't even care about them, I only care about myself which you think is your guitar, you think you can do anything you want with me?'
'Please calm down, what's wrong with you?' Asking down
"No I want to speak or I will go!"
'Maybe that's better than this. You can go if you want to.' Saying this more angered at her. "Are you now chasing me?" She utters scowling, gazing him as if she is about to slap him in the face.
"No, but we will talk at some other time because right now it seems like you are losing yourself, ever since we are here I've never find a peace, you are busy shouting at me and I don't know why. I think it's better if we can just leave here, maybe we will be better at another time" Erick expresses, now trying to protect himself from the people who are staring. 
'Are you saying; I'm crazy?' She asks shouting. 
"No you are not crazy but please behave yourself because right now it looks like you are one of them" Erick utters looking elsewhere. He don't like what he is doing, he don't like shouting and embarrassing her in public like this but he have no choice because if he don't, he is the one who is going to be laughed at.
"You are such a.......!' Picking up her bag and leave. 'Out of my way! What are you starring at?" Moving a customer who is in front of her who is not even facing her. Erick is now left there alone, blaming himself for her behaviour. He invited her and he is now the one to chase her away worse in public. And what hurt him the most is that he is now left alone with no money as the last time but luckily today the weather favours him. He leaves the restaurant so disappointed not even knowing what next to do about Lisa.
On his way, he don't even hike this time, he too much upset. At home his father is the in couch, waiting for him with a delicious food, cooked by him. "Hey Erick, here is the food it's so nice and tasty. Don't you want a taste, I know you will love it" The father says smiling. 'Don't you like it? Come on Erick taste it you'll see that I am better than you when it's come to cooking.' The father trying to convince him to taste the food, but Erick is not interested. 'Erick are you okay, why are you like this?" The father asking feeling like he is only talking to himself.
Erick doesn't voice anything just ignores him and sits on a couch like he didn't hear the question. 'Erick! What's wrong now is it friends again?' The father asks trying to convince him to talk, but Erick is too disappointed to say anything at a moment.
"My son I don't know whether this is your rules or habits of living, you too moody. If this is your rules, just change it because it's bad. I don't like this kind of Erick I want my Erick back." The father voices showing that he is now irritated of his behaviour.
"And the problem is that you always hide things from me but at the same time you always come crying." Continues talking alone, talking like he talking to the wall, irritate him more. 'What is the matter my son please tell me' Now voicing calmly.
'Okay, can I taste the food?' Asking pretending as if he is now okay. "Yes my son you can taste the food and I know you will like it, I told you many times that I am better than you, when it comes at cooking." He utters joyful, with a smile trying to move him from the bad mood.
"Okay it's good" He responds not convincing with only those words. "Come on Erick is that all you can say?" He asks opening his hands showing being confused,
'It's great, you are the man, you know what; when it comes at cooking I am nothing compared to you.' He voices trying to fake a smile but it is obvious that he is faking everything he is uttering.
"I'm the best?" Showing not impressed by the answer. 'Yes father you are a top class, you know what; you have to go and study for being a chef and you can apply right now, I know there is website for the people like you, who knows how to cook even if they are men.' Faking smile again
"Erick will you tell me, what's wrong, because even a small puppy can see that there is something wrong with you. Start at the head till the end, I'm listening...." He says showing he doesn't buy his story.
"I am fine dad, it's just that I had a long day today and I am so tired. I only want to sleep." Says Erick but unfortunately his father doesn't buy it again, showing that he isn't convinced. 'Okay you had a long day, what were you doing that's made you like this?' The father asks.
"Come on, they are many things to do with friends and some I can't tell."
'What is that you can't tell me because I am your father and I suppose to know everything about you, even your girlfriends'
No, you don't have to know everything about me
'Why not?'
"Do I know all about you...? Obvious not, so I also deserve some privacy." Erick voices. 'What you don't know about me?' 
"No, that's not a right question to ask, you should be asking what do I know about you, because I know less about you. There are too much things I don't know about you, I can't even list them. So you asked a wrong question" Says Erick, now showing being disrespectful.
What do you mean by that Erick?
"I meant that you also have your own secret so am I" He utters pointing finger at him like his talking with his friend and the father is frustrated to be disrespected. 'Erick! Why are you so disrespectful?'
"Unfortunately I am not, I am telling you the truth and I don't know why all the elders don't want to be told, they only tell you that and that. If you tell them that they are wrong, you are being disrespectful but for reality you are just telling them the truth. So to you father, you are acting like one of them.'
"Stop Erick! This is not about elders or me; this is about you as well as you bad attitude. Why do you always gives me a hard time? Why you not like other children same age as you. They respect their parent, unlike you always telling me that I am wrong."
'That's a lie. You always tell me that I have to tell you everything about me, in the meantime you are busy hiding yourself from me.' Erick continues.
"Okay, okay.... Fine with all of that, forget about it, let's focus on this; what happened to you and please Erick, I know that you think you are a grown man now but answer that question." The father is now showing seriousness.
'All right I will talk about this in the morning, I promise you no matter what I will tell you everything.' Erick says calming down, trying to stop his father from asking these continuous questions. "You are so stubborn Erick, you don't listen, you don't respect, you show no manners and I don't I know what to do now."
"I'm sorry; the problem right now is just that I want to sleep. I don't want to talk about what happened because it's hurting me."
'What is that I am your father, you can tell me everything and I promise to give an advice you need. Because I see that you need it.'
I am sorry about this dad but what really bothers me all along is a woman.
"A woman!" He exclaims.

CHAPTER 5

'And I'm sorry for acting weird just because of a woman, that's shows a weak of me. I shouldn't allow her to control my heard.' Says Erick trying to make his father understand. "I still don't understand you Erick, what do you mean by; all this time?" The father asks 
'Okay, let me explain, each and every time I come angered, crying, soaked etc, it all that because of a woman and I am sorry about that, I should never allowed it to get in my heard. It ended me disrespecting you.' Erick apologises. 'Okay I understand. Love can make you do anything, either good or bad and I think; it most powerful thing in the world which everyone finds it hard to control.' The father voices showing that he forgive him, although, his actions were out of order.
"It fine I forgive you Erick but I hope this is a lesson to you." The father says as if he is about to go. 'Wait! Not everything right?' Coming back again scowling, "Because if even those loan details were just for her that would be a foolish I've ever heard in my life." The father continues showing that he only expect one answer.
'No, no father, I would never do such a foolish. That loan details were just for my friend, he appreciated for them and again, I thank you for the help.' Erick voices, trying to make the father change the topic, because he is afraid that he may be caughted.
"That's great, but you are the one who did well and to tell you the truth I really appreciate what you did, you showed me that you are now a real man. And please stop minding about this woman issue, it happens to everyone, it happened to me either. "Okay dad but I think I am crazy" He says showing being confused.
Yes! Erick you are crazy, that's the truth. The deference between you and the lunatic is that he is just crazy natural and you are just being controlled by love. But you are lucky because you can still see that you are crazy in love, others take years to realise that. It now up to you how you deal with this.
"That means I'm lucky, but thank you for understanding, maybe if I told you about my problem in the beginning, none of this would have happened. So tell me, how did you deal or how to deal with it if there is a lot of damages already?" He asks 
'Okay firstly, I should highlight this; I am not doctor love, such things need councillor. But what I can tell is that, in a relationship you must understand there is always a fight, that's a key. But firstly you have to know you partner's history. Trust me that will strengthen the love, less fighting and trusting each other'
Okay but that's hard for me, how can I know her history, you mean I must stalk her?
'No you don't have to do that, what if she catches you doing that, I don't think you can get her after that. What you need to do is to learn the type of a person she is and ask if you think it safe to ask, because people are not the same, some maybe furious about that. So if you think asking her won't work, you can just go and ask the relatives. That will help you to decide whether you carry on with her or not.' The father motivates.
"Come on dad, that's a lot of process and hard to follow." Erick answers
'Erick there is nothing complicated as love, believe me you can even murder someone because of it, even commit a suicide, that what others do, so they are things you need do to save yourself from all of that.' 
Okay, what should I do now?
My opinion is just to know her better before you even kill yourself and trust me that for the best
"Okay thank you, I will try it and see what I find." Erick returns
'Okay, so what is your next step, are you going to ask her or the relatives?' His father ask
"I think I will go with the relative, because she won't tell me herself, I've tried it. Unfortunately that person is hard as rock too, worse she don't even like me." Erick says as if he is asking for an advice.
Okay who is she, is it her mother? Because if it's her then that hard for you. Every parent wants nothing near their children because they know that sometimes you can just break their heart like that. Can't you find another one at least who is a relative, except her parents because if you insist on going to them, that's a steep for you
"Unlucky, there is no one else and this is her grandmother" Erick answers
'Okay that's the same thing as her mother; anyway I wish you a good lucky. So what are your plans?' The father asks laughing a little at him
'Right now I don't even know how to approach her; I don't even know what to say. Can you please give an advice because I am blank and I need it.' Erick responding laughing too
"What are her likes?" the father asks 
Who, the grandmother?
"Yes her granny." The father asks and Erick smirks. 'To tell you the truth I know nothing about her except that she doesn't like me.'
'She doesn't like you? Why are you keeping saying that, what she done to you?' The father asks showing that he is interested on an answer. "I don't know why, except that day when she caught us red handed in her bed" Erick explains but feeling ashamed of expressing it.
'She caught you in her bed! What were you doing there' His father asking showing being surprised and confused. 
"I was with her daughter." Erick replies showing that he don't want to explain fully. 'Erick explains everything, how did you ended up in the old lady's bed?' His father asks showing still not understanding the story. Erick starts to explain everything including how they met.
"Okay I now understand your story and there was nothing you could do. So again, what are your plans in approaching her because it seems like you just like a salt in her mouth."
'I am sorry but I don't know what to say,' Erick explains shortly.
"What you have to do is to sleep and think about it maybe you will come with something understandable in the morning. Because right now, I'm like you, I don't know how to deal with this." The father utters. 'Right now you only have to eat, here's your food, let forget a little about the problems, at least let enjoy this meal.' The father continues giving him the bowl.
"Thank you for understanding, even though I messed up, you don't judge me instead you just bring a solution, so thank you" Erick voices, showing a smile, appreciating and carries on embracing each other.
'My pleasure. It's my job to make sure as you father that you get any advice you need so that you get through any problem you face. Right now let's enjoy the food and forget about this.' The father utters continue eating his so called delicious meal. 'You are just making me misses your mother more.' The father continues.
"I am sorry but I miss her too" Erick says eying at the picture in the wall; a beautiful woman with long hair black hair, smiling glancing at them.
'Look at that smile, I wish she was hear eating with us and to tell you the truth, you mother is a best woman I've ever met. She is strong, energetic, loving, carrying and the most of all she was not lazy.' Smiling peeping at Erick
'Come on dad I'm not too!' Says Erick laughing
"No, no, no Erick! I don't know about that, I have no comment. But seriously she liked to keep herself busy, that's why she is still the best in me. She said I should look after you, that's why I like you like this Erick and I want you to be the great father as she wishes, but I know you will" He voices glancing at a picture and looking him again, smiling at the same time.
'Thanks, I promise that I won't disappoint you, from now on we will share a problem. Today you showed me that sharing a problem is a better way to deal with it, too much secretes are not helping.' Erick utters thanking his father again.
"Okay, enough with the talking, now let continue with eating so that we can watch our favourite movie, which is about to start in few minutes from now, it looks like we are going to miss it." Says the father trying to close the topic, which brings tears in his eyes and Erick is relieved after telling the truth and also getting advices. But not totally relived because he did not speak the truth about the loan, but he manage to pretend as everything is all right.
"Okay Erick; when will you take the drivers licence? Because I really want to help you." The father asks during a meal.
'To tell the truth, I don't even know when, what I know is that I want it soon. When would you like to help?' He responds and asks eating at the same time, enjoying a food. 'This food is really great, you are a pro. But relax next time I will show you how to cook, I will beat you, I am better than you.' Erick voices before even the father returns.
"Never! I'm the best than you will ever be, remember; I am your father and I know more than you. Everything you know I teached you, so you will never be more than me, even if you want" The father says laughing and enjoying the conversation as well as food. They continue eating up until super is done and enjoying like the old time.
Again that was great, I hope next time we will also get this..... No! What if you do this every day?
'No, no, no, what do you mean by everyday Erick?' His father asks scowling and laughing at the same time. "I mean; from now on you are the one to cook. Relax the dishes are on me, I will wash them every day." Erick utters while taking the dishes from the table.
'Erick, I'm not your wife, if you need that; you need to make sure that you get her, so that I can also relax. I am tired of cooking and these holidays are getting longer now, I want to go back to work.' Saying this while helping the son with the dishes, laughing enjoying talking. They help each other with dishes up until they done talking.
'It's time for bed, thanks again for the supper.' Erick voices, while matching to her bed room.
Don't forget about you grandmothers plan. You need to plan for it and visit her soon. Don't waste too much time because you will lose your girl, they're many men out there hungry for her, so pick yourself up!
Says the father, turning him down again, because he knows very well that this is hard for him and it can go wrong. But he has no other choices than to visit soon as he can. On the next day as everything was planned, he does some home chores and prepares himself for the journey. He isn't happy at all, he knows what could happen there, things can get in another way.
'you need to relax, after this you will be fine. So calm down and just be yourself, this is only for today. And to tell you the truth, if things don't go well as you wish or expect, it's fine you will get another woman. There are many women out there, waiting for you.' Says the father, trying to make him feel better.
Erick hears the words but too worried because he knows how the old lady is like. "Go well my son, please recall, the confidence" Says the father while Erick exiting the house, he expresses nothing back only worried about his trip. Walking in the street so quite like he doesn't even know where he's going.
'Knock, knock, knock.' Slowly knocking at Lisa's home, so afraid of what could happen. "I'm coming!" The voice replies, at that time he even wish to go back home.
'Oh come on, you again!' Says the old lady before even reaching the door. 'What do you want?' She continues while coming. 'Didn't I tell you that I don't want to see you again?' Now she is in front of him.
"You did, but I'm sorry, I had to come" Erick respond with a calmly voice but afraid.
You had to come?
Yes
'To do what because I don't want you here. Okay I see you take me for granted because I am a woman, maybe it will be better if I call cops right now because this is abuse. You can't just come in my house uninvited and do whatever you want while I'm saying I don't need you here. So before I even do that, will you please leave my house right now!' The grandmother threatening, shouting and taking the phone out of the pocket.
Sorry granny but you have to let me in so that I can explain why I'm here!
'No. Lisa is not even here, so you can't get in. Come back later and that will be the last you put your feet here' Granny denying. "Granny I am not here for her, I here to talk with you" He voices, begging with respect.
'What is that to talk about but firstly am I your friend?' Asking pointing her chest.
Please you have to let me in so that I can explain. Yes I know, we are not friends but I need to talk. 
'Oh! I give up, you can come in, but please don't take too long because I'm not your friend' She says opening the gate. "You are inside now, you can talk, and I don't have your time!" He pauses for a moment, disturbed from sitting, don't know where to start.
'Stop standing there like a robot and talk, what do you want to say? I told you I have no time so speak!' Granny utters while destructed from sitting down. "Oka, okay granny, can I sit down first please" Erick asking while sitting down without even a permission.
Now you are down, talk!
'Okay is Lisa home first?' asking with a low voice. "I told you from the start that Lisa is not here, are you deaf or what?" Granny shouting. 'Okay can you please tell me about her?' 
What?
"Can you please tell me about her, I need to know a lot about her because I......." He pauses for some moment, don't know how to continue.
'Stop there! Don't even continue, you are a real lunatic, I told Lisa from the start and you are now proving it. Do you expect me to tell about my only daughter's life while she is not even here?' She voices making sure that she shows that she won't tell him anything. "And please tell me why you are asking that madness, why do you want to know Lisa and why don't you ask her for yourself. Why you ask about her secretly, who you think you are?' continues shouting and asking at the same time. She is also pointing fingers to him like Lisa did in the restaurant.
'Okay granny I have to tell you the truth, I like her' He says mistakenly with no purpose.
"You what?"
'I like her.' Now with the low voice, scared.
"Listen carefully. You will never get her, that's a promise so forget it!" Shouting at him
Please granny there is no need for...
"Hey! This is my house not yours, so you can't just budge in and tell me that. I will do whatever I want, whenever I want!"
Okay granny I know this is your house, but please calm down and listen what I want t5o say
Okay I'm calm, talk! You know what is your problem?
"What?"
"Here is your problem; I give you a chance to talk, what you do you just stare at me or talking nonsense and I can't tolerate that, I can't listen to that. I have no time to listen to nonsense." The granny utters
Okay granny I want to be friends with Lisa but I need you tell me about her.
'You see: This is what I am talking about, I am giving you a chance to talk, and instead you say these things. How can you expect me to tell a stranger about my granddaughter?' She asks but not shouting this time. "I am not a stranger, she knows who am I and I know her but not her past, that's why I am asking" He answers
'Okay, let's start here, who told you that friendship need history first?' she ask and that question squeeze him. 'Because as far as I know, if you want to be friend with someone you can just be friends in no time and then in a friendship, you can start asking the information you want, directly not like this.' She continues
Erick pauses a moment, not having any more words to say because he didn't expect such questions and answers. 
"I know that, but you know how Lisa is. She won't tell me anything about her past" He voices nearly give upping, realises that if he give up right now that is his loss. "Okay, you are talking the truth there, I know Lisa is too secretive but to tell you another truth, Lisa doesn't want to tell anyone about her past including me"
'You also don't know about her?" He ask surprised
"Obvious I know. What I meant is, she doesn't want to talk about it, not even talking about her parents and I don't know why, but I respect that and I never talk about it" The granny says calmly.
"That's bad, I am sorry to hear that, she don't want in me either. I asked about her parents and I was surprised because we fought, she even ignored me after that, not even taking my calls" Erick voices now realises that, she got her. "That is her" Granny responding calmly.
'Okay, what really happened to her parents to make her be like this?'
They died while she was young, that's changed her life, and she wasn't used at that later life.
"She struggled?"
'Something likes that; her father was samey rich, he was able to buy anything for her. So she was used to that life. After losing him, things went ugly'
"And then, what happened to the mother, she was rich like the father, right?" He asks with an interest.
Let me correct you first, they were not rich, the father had enough money to support his family. They were just on average, in other words, they were just like you and your family, maybe you are not rich but you get a lot, right?
'Okay I get that, so what happened to the mother?' Erick asks. "She wasn't working, she was just home taking care of their little one; Lisa.
"So that's all, is that the reason Lisa don't want to talk about them?" He asks as confused. 'You have so much questions, I don't even know why I am answering, because she is the one to tell you.' Granny says, tired of being questioned. During the conversation, suddenly Lisa comes, hears the voices before even reaching the door, realises that it's Erick and decide not to enter.
Instead hiding outside beside an exit to hear their conversation. She is confused of what are they talking about because she knows well that granny doesn't want Erick, so she is surprised to now find both of them talking not even shouting to each other.
'You know how she is granny, so carry on, and tell me how did they die?'
"Okay I will just go straight to the point because I hate this topic. Her father died first, he was killed and the suspect wasn't found, so no one was arrested. That hurted Lisa and it still does even now. After her mother's stays for two years without a husband, she did find another man, because she wasn't working, she needed him support them. They spent maybe four to six months together, after those months; the man was found dead on the forest, during an evening. What was strange is that no one was arrested again, the cops tried but failed to catch the murder, and they didn't even know who was it. Maybe that........." 
'Erick, what are you doing here and granny, you are now talking with him? What are you discussing about?" Lisa interrupting tired of hiding. 'Okay I am tired of being interrogated by both of you, so now I will tell the truth and you can do whatever you want about it, I don't care. The truth is I.... I killed him' Lisa continues. The house is quiet for a moment, confused of what she is talking about
"You killed who?" Erick asks
I killed my stepfather
"What?" Both ask surprised.

CHAPTER 6

The house is quiet for a moment, surprised of what is she talking about. "So now you know what I did, Erick gets out!" Lisa showing him the door. 'But, why?' Erick asks showing being worried.
'Are you asking why I am chasing you out?  You are no more in use here. That's why you must leave.' Lisa says showing him the door again.
Lisa that is not what I am asking, I am asking about the father.
During that argument between Lisa and Erick, granny is still surprised and quiet don't even believe what Lisa has said. 
"Oh you are now an investigator, are you a policeman? Let me tell you; that has nothing to do with you" Lisa says then quiet for few seconds looking at the granny, who is still quiet as if she is not even in the house. 'What you have to do Erick is to get out of here. We don't need you anymore. Get out and stop interrogating me!' Lisa continues, shouting at him, standing next to her granny.
Lisa please tell us the whole truth, we are trying to help you
"You are trying to help" She asks again looking at her granny as if she is begging for a back up. 'There is no use to hide what you did anymore; it's now time to tell us.' Erick voices looking at the granny too.
'How will that help me because I already told you everything that is to know?' 
After telling us I am sure you will be better, free from lots of secretes. So please tell us we will help you. 
Who told I am not okay? I am all right and please stop with your questions and get out of here!
"Stop! He isn't going anywhere!" Finally granny talks interrupting her and moves away from her to face her directly. 'What? Granny we don't.......'
'I said shut up!' Looking at her as if she will slap her in the face. 'You killed my son too right?' Granny continues facing her.
What?
"Lisa don't make me ask again, did you kill him?" Granny says, frustrated now, breathing high because of anger. And Lisa is quiet.
'Lisa you did it?' Erick asks surprised. "Erick shut up; this is none of your concern!" Granny now to Erick, but looking at Lisa at the same time, angered. 'You!' Pointing at her, 'You need to answer these questions before I call the cops. I can't believe that all along I was staying with a murder, worse who murdered my son, your father Lisa! How dare you do that to your father, you are....'
But granny I
Shut up! You deserve to rot in hell.
"Granny I didn't do it. I didn't do it" Lisa says crying now. 'Granny how can you even think of that, I didn't kill my father' she continues with tears.
You are lying, you did it!
But granny let her explain maybe we will......
"Shut up Erick! This has nothing to do with you; otherwise you will be out of here" Granny interrupting Erick. 'Okay I am sorry, so Lisa tell us, why did you kill your step father' Erick intervening again.
'I said shut up! What is wrong with you? You are not even a member of this family, yet you think that you can go around ask questions.' Granny shouting at him again. "He needs to get out here; there is no use for him." Lisa concludes trying to take the granny on her side.
'Who are you to make such demands? He is not a murder, that's better.' Granny to her again. "If you did not kill my son, then who did it, because you are now one of murderers, you must know who did it" Granny says, mad at her
I don't know about my father granny!
'Then Lisa why you killed your other father?' Erick interrupts again.
Erick, do you want to see another side of me?
No but granny......
"There are no buts here, I only need you to shut your mouth and this is the last warning" Granny says harshly pointing him. 'But you murder must answer his questions, why did you kill your step father?' Same time turns to Lisa.
Erick, you.......
"Stop and answer a question!"
"Okay, fine. I was really mad at him, I didn't like him from the day they met with my mother. I hated him; I hated the fact that they were enjoying each other with my mother. Even starting a daddy role in me, I did not like that but I faked it, pretending as I like him too, while on the other side planning to kill him. That's all I can give you, there is nothing more"
'Is that why you killed him? Because he was nice to your mother and shows you a good love like you are his own daughter?' Erick intervenes again. "I was angry at him because my father was murdered, not even a single person was arrested for that" She explains now with tears, showing that this topic hurts her.
"So you wanted justice by killing your father!" 
No granny, I didn't kill my father!
Whatever Lisa! You know that I am talking about your stepfather, why do you want me to say stepfather.
"I'm sorry, let me answer your question; I thought he was the one who murdered my father and they are time I tell myself that, they both planned it with my mother. The way they love each made me suspect something. Granny I know I was wrong and I lied to everyone, including you and I know that I belong in prison for the rest of my life but I'm sorry granny. I won't be mad at you if you can call the cops." Lisa explains crying
No my love you don't belong in prison
"She does and please shut up if you don't know what to say!" Granny to Erick.
I'm sorry, Lisa who were you with and what did you do with his body?
I can't tell that
"What!" Granny exclaims.
'I am sorry granny, I can't tell what happened. Let leave this now, it happened long time ago.' Lisa utters now want another topic. "No Lisa we need to know what happened. Okay I know right now you may be tired of explaining and that's fine you can tell that in another time."
'No!' Granny denies. "Are you now crazy? Nothing will come other time, she will tell us right now. What if she kills me either? Tell us now Lisa!" Granny continues shouting at both of them. 
Instead of telling them about the body, Lisa goes off the house crying, leaving both of them starring at each other and Erick tries to follow her a little but Lisa want nothing to do with them.
"Lisa, wait. Lisa!" Calling her from behind but she ignores him and straight to where she is heading. Erick continues chasing her from behind. "Lisa waits!" Erick screams again.
'What do you want Erick, please go away, I want nothing to do with you!' Lisa utters, stopping waiting for him. 'Lisa I know this is hard for you, but you can talk with me.' Erick says after chasing her for a long time but now he is with her.
"What is that to talk with you? Why don't you go back to your granny and talk with her?" Lisa shouting frustrated.
Lisa she is your granny don't say....
Not anymore. Let me tell you something, I do everything which she needs me to do for her and look now, she can't even understand me! No I have no granny anymore. That granny doesn't want me!
"Come on Lisa your granny loves you, and she will always do. It's just that she is surprised about your story, she sees you as her daughter so give her some time she will be fine" Erick trying to cool her. 
'No she don't!' She responds and leaves him there.
"Lisa wait!" calling again and follows. 'All right I agree, your granny is angry at a moment but she will be fine and maybe she is already cool as we speak." Erick continues
'She is what? Cool! You must be outside of your brain, why would she do that?' Lisa stops again.
Yes! Maybe she is fine, remember that you are her only daughter so she can't just give up on you because of a long time ago story. You will always be in her heart no matter what and I think it's now better because she now knows what happened
'She knows what? My stepfather? If you think that relieved her you are wrong, she only want about her son, that's the story she really need not what you are saying!' Lisa raising her voice
Lisa I know right now there are no answers about your father but she can't expect answers from you and you can't blame yourself too. The killer is out there, walking free while you busy here blaming yourself.
"What do you mean by that?" Confused
You want justice right?
'Erick that was long time ago, I wanted justice during that time and look where I am now. Look what I did because of that justice, I killed a man.' Says Lisa with tears again
But Lisa I know deep inside, you need justice, not only you, your grandmother also needs it. She desperate needs the truth
Erick stop! I said I don't need justice, if she needs, she can go to the cops ask for it but as for me I am done with that, I want nothing to do with it. But as far as I know; cops won't find anything, they failed while case was fresh, it's late now
"Lisa you can't say that, we talking about your father here." Erick voices surprised.
'Yes he was my father so what? Do you expect me to now start crying or mourn for him? Listen Erick; I cried about months and even did worse by killing someone who is innoc...., no I can't say he is innocent, we still don't know about that. Maybe he deserved it.' Lisa now annoyed
What do you mean by that?
Maybe he did it; maybe I did the right thing by switching him off. You see Erick, there are too much maybes here, that's why we need to let this go and I'm tired of talking about my father now.
"No Lisa, you can't. What about your grandmother?" Erick ask 
'What about her?' Lisa asking back, confused. "Are you going to leave her like that?"
I already told her the truth, what more does she wants from me? No matter what I can't bring them back again, Can I?
But Lisa she is your grandmother after all.
Yes she is, so what?
She needs justice for the loss of her son
'Okay that's fine, she can go and look for it I don't care, maybe you can just help her and stop following me like a puppy, it's annoying.' Lisa says leaving him again. "Fine, I will let you go but where are you going?" He asks follows again.
Do you want to see where I'm going?
'Yes but please don't tell me you are going to that tavern.' He voices pointing at tavern which they are now close to it. "What must I tell them, you want me to lie?" She asks. And now they are walking together but with the fast pace.
Lisa I can't leave you in this state, worse in the tavern! I won't do that.
"Why not? We don't owe each other, so I'm not your job, you can go home and stop wasting your time on me because right now there is no one I care about. Especially the ones who irritate me as you are busy doing." She s and continues walking faster like she is running away from him, wants him to give up.
You don't care about anyone?
"Yes, not even you so stop walking with me." She utters and stops looking at him like she sees garbage.
Not even granny?
No! What's wrong with you, why should I care?
She is your grandmother and she only wants the truth.
'What truth Erick?' Shouting now
"Lisa, you know what I'm talking. I'm talking about your father's body, that's all you have to tell her." Says Erick. 'Erick I don't know why you like this, you don't listen, let me make it clear; I won't tell what I did with the body and please stop questioning about this I'm done talking. If you continue doing it, I will scream and make sure that someone hears me and then say you are harassing me. So you better stop." Lisa expresses really convincing.
You won't do that, right?
'Test me you will see.' She replies after that Erick voices nothing only goes with her even though she doesn't want him. They are now walking quiet, no one want to talk. "Lisa, which tavern you are heading too? Because we now walked more than 15 minutes." He asks feeling tired and confused.
You want to tell me that you don't know the taverns of this place now? Don't make me a fool please.
Why are we not going to the one we usually go to?
'We?' She asks surprised. "Yes that tavern we usuall visit."
"Okay, today is not as always, so I need myself little far away from home, I don't know about you. Where are you going?" Asking mocking him.
Come on Lisa don't be silly, you know very well that I'm going there to make sure that you come back home safely.
'Come back home? Who said that?' Lisa scowling and now they are facing the door.
"Don't tell me that you won't go home." Erick says worried. 'I won't go there, maybe never again, I don't know but what I know is that tonight I'm not going home" Lisa returns. 'Barman, give me one glass of a whiskey please!' Screaming at the waiter before even sitting.
Why Lisa you won't go home?
"Because I don't want to go there. I know my grandmother more than you; I know she will kick me out like a chicken, so I don't want that to happen. Do you want something to drink?" She ask same time without a response she gives him a full mug of whisky
So Lisa this is how it will be?
'What now?' asking showing not understand the question.
Are you going to drink the whole day with a night on top?
Of course and what's wrong with that, you see; this whiskey will make me forget these problems. That's how I survived after murdering my stepfather. So for now this is what I need.
"Can I ask something?" Erick asks
'Bar man bring another one and make the strong one this time!' says Lisa shouting at the waiter. "And for you sir?" The waiter asks. 'He needs nothing' Lisa interrupt
Sorry waiter I need a glass of water please
Oh! All right, that was strange
"So can I ask?" Erick repeating. 'Oh no! What now Erick and please don't tell me that you are going to ask about my stepfather, because if you do, I will just leave you here and dance with that man.' Pointing at a man who is dancing alone.
No Lisa it's not about that, it's about your mother.
'Not again Erick! Why each and every time we talk we have to bring my parents between our conversations?' Asking annoyed
Please let me ask first and then you can judge.
Okay, ask, what is it about my mother?
How did your mother die, how old were you?
"Oh, not again Erick, seriously! That was question?" Lisa asking feeling irritated. 'Lisa I'm your boyfriend, I care for you.'
'You my boyfriend, not a husband so I don't have to confess everything to you and please Erick stop asking about my parents.' She says and the face is getting more frustrated now. "Barman another one please I need to get the rid of this man and please bring two this time. Won't you join me?" Now inquiring back Erick.
No, I'm not here to drink and I think you had enough for today. You must stop now.
"Wow! You said stop?" Asking scowling as being surprised. 'Yes, you need to stop now, it's enough.' He continues
No! No one tells me how I must drink, including your grandmother. She knows I drink the way I want and that's not a secret. If you don't want to join, you can sit there and watch me for the whole night, because I'm not going anywhere. But please stop babysitting me; I'm not your wife or child!
Why she lets you do this?
"Listen Erick, I am Lisa not the puppet so I will do anything I want, no one can stop me, including her." She says sipping the whiskey. 'Obvious she is tired of you, right?' Erick inquires expecting an obvious answer. 'She is tired irritating me! And that great. Why this should anger her, because before coming here I start with the home chores then here, so I think I'm doing great.' She explains and now she is feeling the alcohol in the body. "Don't you want a little sip?" asking moving the glass close to him 

'No I'm fine but I think, you are right now' He responds trying to convince her to stop. "Who said that? I'm not right, let me tell you something I will be right in the morning; I will stay here till the night and the end of it. I'm not going anywhere and I'm not stopping anything." She says, continuing drinking. 'Barman, another please!' 
No Lisa stop!
What?
'You need to stop, it's enough now. You can't do this to yourself.' Trying to stop her
Erick, I'm not an amateur, I almost drink alcohol every day, so please stop.
Should I leave you like this; that will never happen! I can't leave you in this state, not even knowing where you will sleep.
"Don't mind that, I will sleep here and I have no problem about it." She says continues sipping the whiskey. She is now drunk leaving Erick confused, not even knowing what to do about her. 
'Okay Lisa you can come with me, if you won't go at your granny. I can't leave you with these people.' Erick voices, pointing to other man who is drunk and scary. "Erick I always does this, so nothing will happen to me, you can go its fine" She says looking at the waiter again who is far away. 'Barman! Barman, another one please!' Screaming to him while serving others. "Barman, don't you want my money anymore? I said another one!" waiter have no choice but to attend her, leaving others crying behind.
"No, Don't listen to her, she is just drunk." Erick stopping the waiter
'Barman this is my money, I'm the one who called you so please give me another one.' She utters same time moving an empty glass close to him but holding it.
Don't listen to her.
Barman I said I need another shot; I am the one who will pay so pour it!
"Waiter!" Other customers intoning other side. 'You know what I can't stand for this, there are more customers to attend, so please discuss what you want and call me when you are ready to buy.' Says the waiter feeling annoyed by them and by other customers calling him.
'Oh Barman, come on!' Lisa call but he is already far. "You see what you've done now?" Lisa to Erick now. 'That's better and I think we now have to go. I can't take it anymore.' He responds.
"That's better! Who the hell you think you are a husband or my father? You are nothing to me Erick so please stay out of my business, stop annoying me. Don't you have something to do instead of babysitting?" Voicing with loud voice and leaves him. To a group of men who are dancing and drunk too. 'Lisa! Lisa!" trying to call her but she ignores and straight to the dancers. He is now left alone doing nothing but only watching her like her bodyguard.
******
Maybe I should just leave her like this because it's seems as if I am wasting my time here.... But what if they do something bad to her; this is a problem and what if they take her with them? Obvious she will go because she doesn't have other place to go to..... And what if they want to sleep with her, I have to stop this. I have to convince her to leave with me as soon as I can because this is my fault, so I have to protect her. Worse I love her so I need no harm to her, I will stop this. ****** He thought
"Hey waiter I need one glass of a whiskey, I must be ready for this" calling the waiter and the waiter gives him, sipping it up until is finished. 'Okay thanks.' Leaving an empty glass and cash on the table. He goes to them while they are busy dancing and enjoying.
'Lisa, we need to go now.' Dragging her with an arm.
"No! I don't want to go" But Erick is not interested on her comments. 'No Erick you are hurting me, where are we going, I told you I don't want to go home?' He ignores and continues dragging her leaving other guys shouting behind, but there is no time for them. He drags her till exiting the tavern. 
Where are we going Erick, you are hurting me!
"At my home, let's go." Continue dragging her like a kid, but after some distance she tired of being dragged like this. 'Okay, okay! I will go, so stop it, you hurt me!'
"Okay let's go" He utters and leaves the hand. Lisa continues with the walk, not even wanting to talk with him. 'I had no other choice but to do that' He voices trying to cool the situation but Lisa says nothing up until reaching Erick's home.
Erick knocks and enters without a response, bumping to his father. The father is surprised for few seconds don't know what going on and don't even know what to say. Erick enters and shows her a couch and she sits without expressing anything.
'And then, what is this?' The father asks confused pointing at Lisa
This is my girlfriend I've been telling you about
"What?"
CHAPTER 7

'Yes this is Lisa I've been talking about.' He says pointing her again. The father is surprised instead he goes to her and looks again. 
"Erick you must be joking, you can't stress yourself just because of this thing. A drunkard!' The father says pointing her with all upfront fingers like pointing useless thing. 'What do you mean by that?' Erick asking back
There are many women out there waiting for you than this, this is nothing.
Please stop that, this is my woman; you can't talk about her like that in front of her.
"No Erick I have to tell the truth, your eyes need to be opened because if not, you won't see again. Look she doesn't even hears what I'm saying.
Please stop, what wrong with you, if that truth of your include judging then don't tell me I don't need it!
'Okay let me say I allow you to date her or be with her, whatever you like; what's good about her? Because I see nothing here, this is just a thing.' The father asks, pointing her at that time she is like a dead person on a couch. Erick don't even know what to say, the house quiet for a moment waiting for Erick to respond
"I don't need your permission regarding to whom I date, I can even date an old granny if that's what I want, so please stop judging. 'Okay I won't tell if you can date her or not but tell me what is good about her?' The father asks again. "What's good about her is......... that I love her." He says.
You see? That's what I'm talking about, take this thing where you found it, it's just a waste.
Dad, there is no this here, her name is Lisa so stop calling her like that and please stop pointing her like she is a dead furniture, this is my woman.
'That what she deserve to be call, she is just a drunkard what else can I call her?' The father asks. "So am I "Responding fast. 'Well I don't know about that, if you then why you like this, why not as she is?' He can't stop pointing
'Can I take her to my room at least, so that she can be out of this war zone' Erick says same time picking her up.
What are you doing?
'I am taking Lisa to my room, she cant stay here listening to you busy provoking him here.' Continues dragging her from the couch not wanting to wake her. "You can't do that, even if she is your girlfriend but you can't sleep with her while I'm here, that some kind of disrespect." The father says.
So what should I do then?
I'm surprised you are asking me, I wonder what you were thinking. Okay if you want her to sleep, I prefer you taking her to guest room instead, but it all up to you, you can even take her outside.
Come on outside! What if she exits the guest room and goes back to the tavern again.
'Escaping! Why would she do that? Wait you stole her.' The father asks
Of course not!
'You fed her alcohol so that you can take her here. Wow what intelligence but I wonder where you took the money to do that.' The father says clapping hands
Obvious no, how can you even think that.
So why is she drunk?
'I don't want to talk with you anymore because it so useless, you are asking nonsense' he says lifting her from a couch. "Look at her, she don't even know that she is here. Maybe that what always happens to her, waking at a place she don't even know how she got on" The father provoking but Erick says nothing, jus takes her to the guest room. After few seconds he comes back
Where is the key?
What key now?
'The guest broom key, where is it?' Responding same time looks for it as is he doesn't care about the response. "Why do you need that key?"
I want it now, that why I want it, so stop with the question and tell me, where is it?
'Oh I see, you think she will run away, you can take a key in that vase.' Pointing the vase top the wall unit. "Thanks, now you are talking, not all this time." He says fetching a key. 'So before locking for her I need you to tell something, what will happen if she wants to use a bathroom, how would you see that?' The father ask smirking
Oh, no! I forgot about that, so what should I do?
Wow! I'm surprised, you weren't thinking about that. You think you are just taking a radio there, that's a human like you, so she need the bathroom, worse she is even drunk.
Stop! What wrong with you today, what's happened?
'What?'
You are useless.
'Oh! I should be helpful now' Saying leaving him to the kitchen. "Will you please come with a solution here, that's what I need right now." Begging him
You are on your own
Come on, say something helpful
"Okay, I will give you a solution, you can take it or not. She can sleep here on a couch." The father says, without even caring for the response 
"Come on, on the couch! You must be joking, that's won't happen." he exclaims
'Then, you can take her there locked like an animal or leave it unlocked so that you can wake up without her in the morning.' The father provoking
Oh! You are sometimes useless. I will take the outside keys with me, so that she can exit the bedroom but not the house, why didn't you say that at first? He says provoking back, taking both keys; from the dining door as well as the kitchen.
Cool, that's a great plan, you can think sometimes but when it's on women, you are failing; you don't even know the start
What do you mean by that?
You don't have a good taste on them
"Okay, you have it" He responds trying to close the conversation. 'Yes I have it, just look at how beautiful your mother is, you can tell that I was good, not this thing you are doing" the father says smirking.
Yeah, but I doubt that she loved you, according to how you behave right now.
"Erick, don't forget that I am older than you, worse I am you father, so please watch your words.' The father says
Okay you also need to stop behaving like a kid.
Erick be warned, I am your father, there is nothing wrong if I'm telling you that you are wrong, if I don't then who will?
Okay thanks for warning, but seems like you always tell me that I'm wrong, I mean you over do it, so please low a little.
'I am going to my bedroom now; you can watch that door for the rest of the night, its fine.' The father says going to the bedroom, leaving him there starring at the guest room door
****
I think this is my chance; maybe I should go inside and talk with her. Maybe she can tell what happened, but what if my father finds me there and kick us both out of the house, no matter what the truth is what I need. I think this is the right time but at the wrong place. My father will hear us talking and maybe Lisa won't even be able to speak, she is so drunk I doubt that she can talk... No I won't do this, let me go and sleep
***** He thought
Leaving the room to his bedroom. In the morning, Erick is the one waking up first to make breakfast for them, within few minutes the father also wakes.
Hey Erick, how did you sleep, you slept here?
'No, come on, how can I sleep on a couch?' Erick says continues making a tea. "So why are you up so early?" 
Low your voice please, you'll wake Lisa. She needs to rest
She needs to rest! She is a bride here she should wake up now; we can't tolerate lazy people in this house.
'Come on, she was drunk, the alcohol need to dissolve completely out of her blood and I think she deserve to sleep' He says continues with the tea. "She deserves to sleep is that what....."
"Morning guys!" Lisa interrupts exiting the guest room
'Morning Lisa, you awake, come and sits here so that we can offer you a coffee you've ever tested in your life' Erick says preparing a chair for her. "Ah... I'm sorry Erick but I have to get home. Obvious my granny is panicking right now" Lisa, immediately heading to the door
'Your granny is panicking?' The father asks
"Come on dad, don't ask like that, don't be like that, she will have a coffee then to her granny and I will go with her, so that I can smooth her grandmother." Erick says, trying to stop her from going.
"Wait Erick, what really going on here? Does your grandmother know that you are here?" The father to Lisa
'No... She doesn't, that's why I have to rush before things get worse.' She says looking at the door and realises that the keys are not there. "Erick where is the key, I need to go." She asks
No, come here and have a coffee with us, I will take you there.
No, you can't do that; granny can even send me out of the house if I come with you late, its better now.
'Lisa please stop! I will take you there, come and have a coffee with us, there is nothing wrong there.' Erick says as if he will slap her. "I told you to stay a little, come and sit here, next to me." The father says, Lisa has no choice but to do as instructed.
'So tell me where are you from?' the father asking embracing her
Father stop it, can we please have some great coffee without a debate please!
'Come on Erick, what wrong with the question? That how I will know her, maybe I asked the wrong question, here is the right one: What do you want to achieve with your life and what are you doing right now in life? you can start answering wherever you want but I prefer starting on; what are you doing in life, anyway it's all up to you' The father asks.
"I'm sorry but I don't think I can answer that question right now" Lisa says and the face changes, annoyed. 'Thanks Lisa that was a brave answer, you can take your coffee now.' Says Erick, smiling.
No that wasn't a brave answer; do you have a problem with my question Lisa?
"Yes!' Erick answers. 'No Erick I am not talking with you I am talking with Lisa, so stop interfering'
No, I don't have a problem with your questions
Okay, then you can answer
'Right now I'm unemployed, I am at home with granny and I help her in home chores, such as cleaning the house, cooking etc.' She responds expecting no other question. "Okay, that's a great thing but when will you find your own job to help your grandmother."
Well I don't know when but I'm still searching and I hope I will find it.
Searching for what?
"Come on dad, give her some break, and stop with your nonstop questions"
I said I am not talking with you Erick, These are simple questions and I want to know her better. So Lisa, where did you search for a job? Which company you applied to and why you applied there?
'I applied in many companies and the reason why I apply is because I am currently unemployed, so I can take any job given to me that's all.' Now feeling annoyed. "Father stop you are making her more uncomfortable, stop now it's enough" Erick interferes again
Erick I'm not talking with you, do you want to be asked instead of her?
Yes you can ask me instead and stop irritating her
'Okay what do you like about her?' The father asks faster like was waiting for that question all along. "I like her that's all and let me tell you; what I like about her is none of your concern, you must know that I love her." He responds and now angry.
'Look! You are not even able to answer a simple question but you are busy interfering if I am asking Lisa.' Erick ignores and drinks the coffee. "Well I don't know what wrong with your man but let us continue, leaves him out of our conversation. So what do you want in my son?" Now to Lisa
What?
I asked what you want in Erick.
"I don't know what you mean by that" She responds
Come on this is simple, name what you want in him then we can continue
"I want nothing from him!" Now raising her voice. 'No you must be kidding, then why you love him, because I know that there is something you are after you......'
'I think that's enough now, Lisa don't you want to take a bath? It's now getting late.' Erick interrupts. "I would appreciate that." Says Lisa and stands up following Erick to show here the bathroom. 'Okay Lisa it was nice talking with you.' Father says but Lisa ignores the question and follows Erick. After few minutes, Erick comes back to continue with a coffee. 'What was that about?' Asking the father.
Erick I am trying to save you here, I am looking after you and I think this woman is not good for you.
'What! Even if she isn't good but I love her and will continue dating her you like it or not.' Erick responds. "Erick I'm warning you, stop this because you will turn into something you've never been before." The father warns him
Why are you doing this to me?
Look here this woman of yours is not even working and she doesn't have dreams about her life, is that great?
It's the same thing as me, I am also not working, so why is it a big deal if it's her?
'That's a problem, you are also not working Erick, let me tell the truth today; all the women want being spoiled, it's a lucky to have someone who don't care about your money just love you. Worse you girlfriend is drinking, she is worse; you must be working to have someone like her. So I will give you an advice, forget about her, because she is just a waste of your time.' The father says
"That's not true right?" Erick asking feeling worried about himself now and starting believe his father. 'I wish it's not. Listen; I know that you love her and for you to just leave her will be hard, but this will be worse than this if you continue. What's worse about her is that she is even drinking. Tell me something; does the granny also drinks?' The father asks
Come on, how can you even ask that, she is too old to do that
So why she allow her to drink or that's not what always happens
"To speak the truth, Lisa thinks that she is old enough to make her decisions about her life, so she drinks almost every day and as I look her granny won't do anything about that. But I'm not saying I will stop loving her, if that's what you want I am sorry but I won't stop" Erick explains
I know you love her Erick, but you also have to think about yourself too, what about your future? Your future wife, because if you think that she is that, I m sorry to tell but you are wrong, she doesn't even think of that about you. In few weeks, months or year I'm sure she will be dating someone else.
"I don't care but I love her and I know she loves me too, she is drinkink or not that's none of my problem, I love her not the alcohol." Erick responding but worried too.
You'll have to love it too because that is part of your relationship, you like it or not. And please tell me, why you keep on saying that she loves you, are you sure about that?
"Sorry to interrupt, Erick I am now done, can we go now?" Lisa interrupts.
Not now my dear, you can sit here I want to ask you something and if you don't want to answer its fine you can just say. But I need to ask first.
"What is that about, because I am now late?" Lisa confused. 'Come on sit down I won't ask while you standing' Lisa sit and Erick is quiet not fighting for her this time. "Do you like my son?" The father asks while she is down.
'Yes I like him, is that all because I now need to get going before it gets late. My granny will even start looking for me.' She responds showing want to be out of the house immediately. "Okay, that cool; Now do you love him?" father asks again but Lisa start by looking at Erick, looking down as if she don't know how to answer the question. They are all quiet now waiting for her to respond. Erick starts to be disappointed.
"Lisa can I repeat a question?" The father asks again, but Lisa does the same again, not responds and looks so shy, the house is quiet again. 
'Lisa!' says Erick. Lisa look him in the eyes showing that she heard him, now waiting on what will he ask. "Answer the question, what's wrong now?" Erick continues.
"I'm sorry Erick but I have to go, my granny is now worried, I feel that in me, we will talk later" Lisa says and go straight to the door to open it. 
Lisa!
"I'm sorry Erick but I have to go" She says again and laves them starring at each other. 'You see what you've done?' Erick now asking his father.
What?
She is gone because of you, do you know how hard I tried to get her? What should I do now, how can I get her again after this?
"I was trying to help you." The father responds, showing no problem at all after what happened. 'Yes, you did help, look what happened now, she is gone because you helped me' Erick says wishing to slap him.
"No you can't tell me that you have a stress just because of her. No! And please face the truth, she doesn't love you, that what you must accept. You saw how hard was to say she loves you" the father says continue showing no problem. "Thank you father, you helped me and yet you are still helping by destroying my relationship with the woman I love." 
I am sorry Erick but I did it for you. Listen; you will find another woman who is better than her, who will love you and never being scared of saying it even in public. That drunkard doesn't......
'Stop it I don't care about your filthy theories, all I want is her. I want that drunkard you think is not good for me, not your women or your stories!' Erick shouting frustrated. "Okay I'm sorry Erick to upset you, maybe we should call her and apologise to her in front of you, although I was just trying to help...'
Stop! Why can't you shut up, you are just annoying? Nothing useful comes from your mouth. How can you even do this to me, I trusted you as my father but you just let me down.
"My son I am just showing you that she is not what you should date." The father says. 'Who should I date then?'
A woman who's working and knows what she wants to be in future, not that drunkard. That girl Erick did not even want to say she loves you, a simple thing not in public but in front of me! You must calm down and find someone else who will love you, who I can call a bride.
What do you mean; you mean Lisa doesn't deserve to be called a bride?
'I'm sorry but she doesn't, you said yourself, she is an alcoliniser, so that means she is useless and will break your heart after some time.' The father motivating. "You know what; I'll rather be heartbroken than being in love with someone I don't love. I'm not living to love a woman you love, I will choose myself." Erick responds.
Can I ask, have you ever been in heartbroken situation before or this is just your first time, because I see that what will happen?
No and I don't think that will happen either, because Lisa loves me. It's just that it's still early now; I don't expect everything to go well immediately, we need time.
'Erick I will ask again, did any woman break your heart before or this is going to be your first time?' The father asks again. "No, no one broke my heart before, that's what I am saying. To cut this conversation; to be heartbroken is a risk I am willing to take, it a part of growing up"
Yes it's a part of growing up but let me tell you something, this can cause a lot of damage in your life. You can even become another Erick for the rest of your life.
So what do you mean by that, I should stay single?
'No, but you must find the right person, with less problems, you can manage not that drunkard' He says still pointing at the door as if she is still inside. "Here, we go again, you keep calling my girl a drunkard, what next will you call her with? You know what I am now leaving I cant take it anymore!" Erick says immediately leaving him, without even the responds first
He goes straight to the grandmother frustrated, not even know what to say there. "knock, knock' Erick knocking on Lisa's home
'I am coming!' The voice from another room shouting back. "Hello granny, can I see Lisa?"
"Lisa!" Granny asks surprised.

CHAPTER 8

"Yes granny, where is she, I want to talk with her" Erick repeats. 'Please don't tell me that you don't know where she is!' Granny responds roughly, a little frustrated. "I'm sorry granny but I don't know. I thought she was here with you." He says scowling and scared at the same time.
'You can't say that Erick, you took her here, because it was you I relaxed and now you are telling me you don't know where she is! How can that happen?' granny says now shouting showing an anger.
Granny, come on you know that I followed her, I didn't take her.
'And then what?' Shouting at him, opening both hands showing being confused. "Okay I took her with me yesterday and today in the morning she said she is coming here, so I'm surprised if you tell me that she isn't here.'
"You know what? I don't care about your stories I want my Lisa here, don't come here without her, I want her dead or alive." Granny shouting moving back a little as if she is about to leave him there. 'Okay, I will try to get her and I promise I will come with her.' He responds and leave the room to check at the tavern they usually goes to.
Unfortunate she isn't there. Then with a hope that he will find her in the tavern they were in yesterday, again he don't find her. He now starting to be worried and tired of looking then decides to get back at home. But before that he start with granny first.
"Knock, knock" Knocking on grannies door. Few minutes, granny shows up. 'Oh it's you Erick, where did you find her?' Asking with hope that he is with her. "I'm sorry granny but I didn't find her" Erick with a disappointed voice.
'What! Please don't tell me that.' Granny opening a gate to see for herself, thinking that he is just joking. "Granny I tried everywhere looking and asking each and every person I bump to in the street, even on the taverns but I didn't find her." Erick explains while she is trying to look for herself outside. 
"You can't tell me that, you firstly came here with some excuses and again you are doing the same thing! I said I want her not this face of yours!" She says after checking for herself. 'I'm sorry but I tried my best, don't you have any relatives she can go to?' Asking while they are still outside.
She does have the relatives but I am the one who goes there, she doesn't visit them. So she doesn't even know where that place is.
That's the fathers side right?
Yes
"So what about her mother's family" He ask looking at the neighbours who are looking. 'What about them?' Not understanding the question. "Where are they?" Asking again but the eyes are still on those looking people.
'I don't think she can go there.' She says with low voice. "Why not? Granny we need to give it a try because she is not on the tavern or here and they are her relatives maybe she is there." Now looking her forcing her to talk
She can't go there!
Wow! What wrong now why shouting?
'You are wrong.' She says now realising that the neighbours are looking and they are increasing. "Why are you saying I'm wrong because I only want to find her as you do, don't you?" Erick says also noticing the increasing of the fans.
"I said she can't go there, why you don't want to listen?" The granny now raising a voice. 'O...ka...y... is there a problem granny why now shouting. Why are looking like this. And why she can't go there?' Erick asking and his eyes are not here.
Do I look like a machine to you?
"What do you mean now?" Confused
What's wrong with so many question, which one should I answer?
'Okay I'm sorry. So tell me what happened?' Erick now calming the voice. "She did something wrong" The granny responds and now they are talking down making sure that the neighbours don't hear them. 
What?
Something really bad
'This is looking serious, how about we go inside and talk about it.' Saying looking at the neighbours and pushing her inside as she already agreed. "What now Erick, why are you pushing me?" The granny pushing him back outside. 'Granny we need to sit down so that you can tell me about the story' Erick says. The neighbours are confused on what is going on between them.
"Erick there is no time for the stories we need to find Lisa, you want her right? So stop wanting stories and start looking for her." The granny denying. "Sorry granny but you have to tell me the story even though I don't think it's a good idea because you see what is now happening, people are looking. Anyway you need to tell it so that it will be easier to find her." Erick says
Do you remember the last time you ask stories about her? We are here because of that so stop what you are doing and start look for her.
But what if.....
"There are no buts here Erick I want Lisa, go and look for her. Don't come here again without her." The granny says that, enters the house and close the gate. "But where should I go because I went to many places she could be in but I didn't find her? Only the relatives left now!" But that is too late, the grandmother already closed the door and she is now on another room. 'Granny please!' He begs. 
"Granny!" Shouting again, after little moment he realises that she is now away, he is now talking alone. He now has no choice but to leave. He tries again looking for her in other taverns, asking people but not found her up until it late.
"Look what you did!" Erick now shouting to his father without even saluting. The father scowls and says nothing, not knowing what is going on.
'Erick is you alright?' Confused. "What happened?" He continues
'We can't find her, are you happy now?' Erick shouting his father going straight to the sink and drinks water. 
What are you talking about Erick, who you can't find?
Oh now you don't know what I am talking about, I am talking about Lisa, please stop fooling me, you did this!
'Come on Erick, how can you say that, did you checked her grandmother, may she is with her.' The father trying to help. "That means you don't listen, I said we tried that means it me and her granny. You should be happy now because you didn't like her in the first place. And I know inside, you wish she is dead." Erick says marching in the whole room like he is looking for something.
'How can you say that, even though I don't like her but she is also a human being I won't wish bad thing happens to her! Maybe she is in the tavern, did you check or called her?' The father asks showing that he feels for him.
I'm sorry to say this but you are useless, you give no solution, only you ask useless questions
"Okay, that weird......, did you checked the relatives, maybe she's with them" Now trying to bring a solution. 'Now you are talking but I had a problem with that.' Erick responds now sitting down.
What problem?
Her grandmother doesn't want to talk about that.
What! Why not? Did she check already?
'Not while I was there.' Now opening a TV. "Why is she denying?" The father says following him and sits down.
'It's just a problem.' Erick responds not even giving him the attention. "What problem Erick, tell a clear story please!" The father is now getting irritated. 'I don't know what happened, she don't want to tell me either, she only told me that Lisa did something wrong and I don't know what is that.' Erick explaining roughly.
Why Lisa didn't go home at the first place? Erick I don't understand this!
"I'm sorry but I promised her that I won't tell anyone about the reason of that." Erick says and stands up from the couch as if running away from him. 'Here we go again with secrets, when will you stop it because it doesn't helps you and you also know that!' The father shouting.
Erick ignores him, marching to his bedroom but the father follows instead. 
'Right now you are in a stress, I don't think that you can even fall asleep with this on your head but still you refuse to tell me everything so that I can help.' The father says while following.
No! I said I won't tell you, what's wrong with you and please stop pretending as if you care about her. I know that you don't.
"Erick I told you that I wish nothing bad to happen to her, she is a human being too, and she deserves to be loved. I know I did wrong while she was here. I wasn't supposed to do that and I m sorry about it. But I had to tell the truth." The father says trying to calm him
'Telling what truth? Are you telling the truth if you call her drunkard and treat her like a trash, asking her useless question just to frustrate her! Is that what you call the truth?' He shouts preparing his bed to sleep. "I apologise for that, I was just trying to protect you" 
You were what?
I was trying to protect you and that's my job as a father.
'Protect me from what' Leaving the blankets down frustrated. 'Protecting me from what? Is Lisa now harmful?' He continues now looking at him as if he is about to hit him with a fist. "No she is not but she is not good for you and please forgive me about that. For now let's focus on getting your woman back and forget about this." He responds picking the blankets.
Do you have that solution?
Right now I have nothing but did you call the cops?
'No we didn't, we firstly should wait for twenty four hours that means if she don't come back till the morning we can then report. But right now I'm tired; I looked every place I could.' Erick now with the a little calm voice taking the blankets again to prepare the bed.
What about her friends?
I don't know, we've never talk about them so I doubt that she has them. She normally spends time in the tavern or with the granny.
Erick everyone has friends, it possible that she normally don't spend time with them but I know for sure that she has them.
"Who are they because you know her more than me? You firstly told me that she isn't good for me, she will break my heart and now you tell me she has friends which I never met with before!" Erick shouting and get in the bed as if he doesn't want to talk with him anymore.
I'm sorry, that was just a suggestion, I didn't say it to anger you.
"If you want to help me, you have stop going against everything I say and support me, that's what I expect from you, if that too hard for you then you can leave me alone!" Looking him in the eyes.
'Okay, from now what will happen, we need to find her before its late. I will support you in any decision you take to find her .' The father says trying to change the mood. "Right now I don't know where she can be, except that boyfriend of her" Erick says mistakenly but it's now too late to stop himself.
A boyfriend!
"No, never mind about that, maybe I'm just over thinking this" Erick says running from the topic. 'Wait! She has a boyfriend?' The father asks surprised, opening the blankets from him as waking him up. "I said never mind about that, we have no time, we need to find Lisa soon as we can, so leave that out for now." Still running away from topic and takes back the blanket.
Erick shut up and answer a question! She has a boyfriend; Yes or no?
I'm sorry but that question is unnecessary I have lot o things to think about.
"No! I need you to answer my question right now and I won't leave here till I get it." The father says, looking him in the eyes and opens the blanket again. 'Can I sleep now please!' Erick says instead, taking the blanket back and turn away.
No you won't sleep till I get the truth
Cool, you want the truth? Yes, she has another man. Are you happy?
You must be joking, right?
'Do I look like joking?' Now turning back to him and within a time turns away again. "Erick, are you mad?" asking taking the blanket again just to see his face. 'Will you please stop? I want to sleep; we will talk about this in another day. Right now I want to think and I won't be able to think while you are here in my case.' He says taking the blankets back and turns away. "And please stop touching my blanket" He continues.
Erick, why are you stressing yourself because of this?
Stressing myself! Won't you stress yours if your woman is missing?
'This is not your girlfriend!' The father says standing from the bed. "She's what?" Erick asks not understanding his father. 'It yours girlfriend.' The father says and sits on the chair now like he's running away from him.
What?
Yes, it yours girlfriend and I doubt that it only you and that man you told me about. I am sure they are many more.
Sometimes you need to shut up, because you sometimes mumble. And please now get out of my room I need to sleep.
"Erick, I am telling you now and I will always say; she isn't good for you." The father says. 'I said shut up!' He says now and the tears just come, surprising his father. "No, I'm sorry Erick; I didn't mean to cause harm. I was trying to protect you; I know sometimes I talk too much but sorry Erick." Says and moves close to him.
Stop! And please go away. I need you no more. Please exit my room now!
I'm sorry my son
"I said get out" Now irritated and wakes off the bed. 'Okay, okay I will leave, but what is the plan, are we going to her granny tomorrow?' The father asks, now moving away to get off the room. "Why should we do that? Cause she don't want me there, she wants only Lisa."
Her grandmother is the only person who can help us, so we are forced to start with her in the morning and then check that man.
What man now?
"Her boyfriend, I am sorry about that but we need to check every corner that may bring a solution even if it's a hot one. " The father says now moving back to him. 'What are you really saying?' Erick says and the tears are now gone. I am saying we have to go her boyfriend if you are serious about finding her.
No!
Erick you have to face this now, I don't see another way other than this, do you?
"I said no! I can't even face that man, let wait till the morning; maybe I will come with something better." Erick denying. 'I know this is hard but you have to do it.' The father says convincing him to agree. "I don't even know where he lives." Now like he agrees with the idea. 
Well, we now have to know
'Where will we get that information because I don't even know the name, it's like I know nothing.' Saying sitting in the bed. "Look, there is no name, photo or address so it impossible to find him.' He continues.
That's bad, but anyway we have to find her.
Yeah, but I don't think I am ready to face that man even if we find his details. Maybe you will have then to take over from there, because right now I can even kill him. I can't face him, especial if he is with Lisa.
'I know its hurts but we will do it. Firstly tell me how did she cheat on you, why she did it and how did you allow that?' The father asks, not liking how the situation is like. "To tell the truth; she didn't cheat on me.' Erick explains
No, Erick this is called cheating, there is no other name to call it. And I don't know how can you even allow that.
"Don't interrupt me; I am still trying to explain here. She is cheating on him, not on me." He responds confusing his father. 'Come again?' 
"She is cheating with me." Erick repeats and he is now sitting on the bed. 'You mean you the one who interfered in their love?' Asking not understanding. "Yes I'm a sideman"
So why are you worrying yourself like this if that the case?
I can't tell you many things but what I know is that I love her. Maybe that's why I worry myself like this.
"My son, I am sorry about this but you don't have to worry yourself too much about her, she doesn't worth it. If she is serious about you, she has to leave the past life behind her, including that man and start a new life with you. Right now it seems as if you are just another man." The father says. And Erick is quiet for moment thinking.
'Maybe you are right, I need to put this behind me now because it's like there is no future between us. My life is starting to get complicated' Finally Erick and his father agrees on the same thing. "That's better, but you have to find her first before turning against her." 
But I told you, I can't face that man, what can I say if she is there with him?
Come on Erick, you will tell her that her grandmother is panicking as she isn't home. But right now let's sleep and talk about this tomorrow, besides we have a long day ahead.
After saying that, he exits the room to his bedroom. He is worried about Erick and still asking his self how he can help. In the morning the father is the first to get up to wake his son, so that they can plan. They agree on firstly starting with the granny just to get some information. Erick leaves the phone to his father the time of showering, just in case if someone is calling.
The phone bibs once after some minutes while Erick is in bath.
"Erick your phone is ringing here but I think it's a massage" The father shouting. 'Is that Lisa, what does it say?' Rushing now to exit the bathroom. "Wait I'm still read........." Stops talking read it silently.
"What's wrong, what is it saying?" Asking from the bathroom, but his father says nothing and continues reading. 'What is it?' Now starting to be worried.
What!
'Dad, what's wrong? I'm coming now!' Immediately leaves the bathroom to citing room with only the towel covering his body. "What's happened, is she dead?" He continues now he's in the room. After some moment the father looks at him and the face changes.
Tell me about the loan!

CHAPTER 9

'What?' Erick asking back not understanding the loan his father is talking about. "Please Erick stop fooling me, tell me about a loan you took!" 'Oh........a loan! About that I....' Brushing the hair as if it's itching. 'Erick, how can you do this to yourself, how can you be so clumsy, what is wrong with you?' The father asking pointing him with a phone.
"That's was a mistake" Now brushing the chin. 'What mistake?'
'I needed it, that why I took it and I'm sorry I know I promised but I didn't have a choice' Leaving him to the bathroom again.
"You lied?" Following him
Yes but I'm sorry I needed the money
'Stop! That day you want information about a loan, you wanted it for yourself?' Asking closing the door as they are now both in the bath. "I'm sorry but...."
Stop and answer a question!
"Yes I wanted it for me, but I'm really sorry" Now apologising as to kneel, realising that he needs his father more than enough now. 'Okay, its fine. How will you pay it because they need their money before the end of this week and to tell you the truth you only have three days left?' The father ask putting the phone down.
'I'm sorry but I don't know, maybe I will borrow another one so that I can pay this one.' Erick says after being quiet for a moment, expecting his father to say; he will pay but he is surprised of an answer. "You better hurry up before they arrest you" The father says taking the phone and giving him back.
'What?' Erick is surprised
"Yes you need to hurry before they take your bed and you closet. You will find yourself sleeping on a couch if you don't, because I won't allow messing with my guess room, you won't sleep there, that's room is for the guest." The father says and exits the bathroom, but Erick follows.
You can't be serious!
What?
"You don't mean that right?" Now standing in his way. 'What do you expecting me to do?' The father asks.
I don't know but what you are saying isn't fair.
'No Erick! You can't go around messing, borrowing useless money and then expect my actions after that! That's not how it's done.' Denying to help and pushes him away from his way. "Dad I know I messed up but I need you please" Erick begging, following him.
"You did this thinking that you are now grown enough to make your choice, right? So now please take the responsibilities." Continue walking heading to his room. 'Please I know sometime I disrespect and please forgive me!' Erick begging, behind.
'Stop and tell me where is the money, because I've never seen you using it except seeing you drunk?' The father stops but Erick says nothing, only starring at him and then down. 
Erick!
"Yeah!' Erick responds, looking at him. 'What did you do with the money?' The father asks again, but again Erick says nothing, only looking away avoiding the eye contact. "Erick you now don't talk?" The father asking as if to go again. 'I talk." Still looking down.
'So where is the money or you used it all on alcohol? Because if that's the case, that means you are a fool I've ever seen before!' He shouts but Erick again says nothing. "Okay Erick, its looks like I'm only talking to myself, fine! Get the money for yourself and deal with this alone, I can't do anything if you are not talking with me." Leaving him again
"Okay, okay, okay, Please don't do that" Erick begging following and stands in front of him. 'Okay that means you can talk now right?' Looking at him.
Yes I will tell you the truth
Okay then I is listening, talk!
Do you remember me telling you that I want a driver's licence?
"Yeah I remember that, so?" Leaving him there again and enters his bedroom. 'I'm tired of always asking money from you so I thought it was better to do it myself. I lied to you about a friend wanting a loan, I wanted it for myself.' Now following again.
'What! You used me just to get yourself into a trouble?' The father says and immediately stops. "I'm sorry I know I was wrong. I went to one of the driving school in this city to obtain my driver's licence which I done only myself. That's how I used my money." Erick says but now scared. 'Okay, so when will you start?' The father rushing with a question.
Come again?
'When will you start?' Now asking loud, looking at him. "Start what now?" Erick asks, confused. 
Lessons Erick, what were you telling me exactly?
'Oh lessons.... ah....' Mumbling
"What's wrong now?" father asks, leaving the bedroom again like he is running g away from him. 'Sorry, I can't remember well but I think its next week if I'm not mistakenly.' They are now heading to the kitchen. "So dad, what are you going to wear today?" Asking trying to run away from a question.
'My navy trouser with brown usually jacket on top which are both already prepared and they are on top of my bed maybe you saw them. Why are you asking? Or you want to prepare it for me? If it's so; I'm sorry but I done it already.' Says the father and goes to a sink to drink some water.
'Okay' Responding disappointed
"Why asking?"
'It's nothing I was just asking' He responds hopping that the topic will change. "Okay, so where is that school?" 
'What school now?' Erick is confused again. "Driving school! Erick, Are you lying or what? If you are lying; then next time you face a problem then you'll have to solve it alone, I hates lies." The father says while drinking.
'So does that mean you will help me?' Now moving close to him. "Obvious I will help; you are my only son but only on a condition"
Thank you. You don't know what that means to me. I.....
"Wait Erick don't get carried away, there is a condition" Father Interrupt. 'Whatever! What's that condition?' Drinking the water too. "You need to promise me that from now on, you will stay away from things like loans, although I won't pay it, you need to learn to solve your own problems. That's how you will learn to not do it again." The father says
'You won't pay?' Erick asks confused.
No I won't pay
"So how will you help me, are you going to kill them? I don't understand." Erick is still confused.
That's your problem.
'What?' Interrupting not knowing what he meant
"Stop interrupting. So this is how you will pay them, I will talk with my boss in the next days, so that we can find a vacancy for you where I work" Now sitting down and opens the television. 'What? You can't be serious, I can't work in the same company with you' Erick respond and sit opposite him
You can't?
"No I can't, beside right now I'm not ready to start working, I'll rather start by doing a graphic designer which is what I want to do as I grow up. Not working!" Erick continues denying. 'Come on, what's wrong with working next to me?' Now starring at him instead of a TV. "No I don't want to be your tail; I want to start my own track."
'Okay Erick, you better hurry up with your track, because loan people want their money paid in no time.' The father says and turns to TV again.
You don't mean that right?
'Erick I am trying to help here but it seems as if you know how you are going to help yourself.' Changing a channel as if he doesn't have a time for him. "Why are you doing this to me? You don't even want me to start my future; instead you want me to work for somebody else as you." Erick trying to change his mind.
"There is nothing wrong with that, I want to make you a better man who knows how to work for himself, so the next time you are in a problem you will face it and conquer it." The father says. 'Are you making me a better man by taking me under your arms?' Erick asks, trying to change his mind again.
'No! Don't take it like that, I am preparing to be strong and stands no matter what kind of destruction comes.' Now all the attention is in Erick. "You won't change your mind, will you?"
I'm sorry but I won't, it either you take it or leave it but be aware f those loan people, because if you don't pay they will take the furniture till you pay. Didn't they tell you that?
No
"They won't tell same time, because they know that you can change your mind immediately" The father says again moving back to the television. 'Okay, okay. Stop, you won.' Erick interrupt
What do you mean by that?
"I mean I will go and work in that company of yours." Erick says but with doubt, showing that he don't want it. 'Wow! That's great, now I can call you my mate. Thanks to this loan and now we will buy groceries together, not me alone.'
"Oh you are happy because I'm in a problem?" Looking him in the eyes. "No. I'm happy because you are showing to be grown up and take responsibilities others fails to do' Now with a smile trying to hug him. "No, no, no. Wait! What are you doing now?" Pushing him away and stands up from a couch.
'What now?' The father confused
"Why hugging?" Erick asks moving away from him a little. "What's wrong with hugging Erick, I always do this to you, what the matter now?'
Yes you always do it but that doesn't mean I like it.
"Erick, what's wrong now?' Closing a TV. 'What's wrong is that you are hugging me and I don't like it, especial as you are a male' Moving as if he is going to his bedroom. "Erick I'm not one of those male you are talking about, I am your father." The father says scowling.
'No! I don't like it, that's all!' Now raising a voice. "I wonder what happened to you because I did nothing wrong." 
"Do you still remember what we have to do?" Erick is now realising that they are getting late. 'Oh Lisa! Lets hurry, we have to find her today.' The father says running to his room. And Erick goes to his as well.
'I'm now done let's go!' Erick shouting at his father's door. "Okay I'm coming wait for me!" His father responds rushing.
"Okay, we can go now, where will we go first" he is now out of his bedroom. 'I don't know, maybe we should start with her grandmother, how is that?'
Okay let go, but what will we say?
We will check, if she is still not home, we will then report the case to the cops with her grandmother. 
'Okay, let's go.' The father says rushing to the door and exit.
"Knock, Knock!" Knocking at Lisa's home
'Who's that?' Grandmother asking from another room
"I am Erick!" Says Erick's father trying to squeeze the voice to be as of Erick. 'Okay I'm coming!' Says the grandmother coming toward them. The time she reaches the door, she is surprised to see an unknown man calling himself Erick. "Who are you and what do you want here?" Granny ask confused
'He is with me granny' Erick coming from another side. "Oh please Erick, don't do this, I have nothing, you know that, so please don't kill me!' Old lady crying thinking that they are here to do something bad to her.
No granny, don't cry, this is my father he is here to help us with Lisa. Is she here?
"Oh... That's better. Don't do that again Erick because you will cause a heart attack" Granny says now smiling and relived. 'Okay I'm sorry granny, it won't happen again.' 
"You better not, because if you do it again, I will come with my gun and kill you. After that I will scream saying that you are trying to kill me, you know how people are, they will support me." Granny says.
"Okay granny... Is Lisa home?" Erick asks again looking inside. 'No she is not, why are you always asking this question? But we can't talk outside; you can both come in so that I can make something to drink for all of us. I think you are thirsty after this long way.' Granny opening the gate starring at Erick's father and smiling.
'You can sit there, on that one and that couch, not this one because it wrecked, we have to fix it.' Showing them a couch. "So what do you like to drink, tea, cold drink or a juice?" She continues.
"Maybe a juice is fine because we will be out in no time; we need to start looking for Lisa." Says Erick after sitting. 'Come on Erick, you are always worrying. Relax and wait for a drink so that you can start the journey fresh.' Says the grandmother continuing looking at Erick's father's eyes and smiling.
'How about you, handsome, don't you like a drink?' Granny continues, now asking the father. "Thanks but no thanks, I also want juice as Erick mentioned" He responds.
"Okay that's fine." Saying with a smile leaving to the kitchen. Erick is so confused of what's going on with her because he knows her as a woman who always shouts but today she is another thing.
'It seems like he doesn't care anymore about Lisa, don't you see that?' Erick sighing to his father. "You said she is loud and shouting person but what I see here is deferent. She seems nice. "The father sighing back.
I don't know what wrong with her, I'm surprised either
Maybe it's just a good day, who knows.
'She is really confusing me' Sighing to each other. "Here is your juice I think you will love it" Granny says interrupting the conversation. They smile back at her like they were talking about something else. 'Here is for you and this one is for this lovely gentleman' Giving them a juice continuing smiling and Erick is now starting to worry
"So granny, where will we start looking for Lisa, we need to find her as soon as we can because we don't know what could happen" Erick asking after sipping a juice. He sips and looks at it surprised by the taste. 'So how is a juice Erick?' Granny asks.
'Wow! It great, I wonder what type of juice is this.' He says looking at it again. "I made it myself, I gathered some fruit together and this is what I got. I enjoy giving people something made by myself." Old lady says looking at Erick father and smiles again. 'How about you handsome, don't you like it?' She asks with an endless smile on her face. "It absolutely taste good and I like it" Erick's father sipping it again to show her that he likes it.
"So granny, where will we start, we need Lisa?" Erick interrupts again. 'Come on Erick, you need to just drink your juice, relax and then we can talk about the problems later' Says the granny, not even looking at him, only looking at his father.
But granny, we have no time, what if something happens to her
'I think Erick is right, we first have to find Lisa and then relax.' The father agrees with his son. "Oh well, you can talk, that's great, you are also kind and you care about my daughter, that's good. " Grandmother responds continue starring at him.
"What?" Erick asks
'I think your father is a great man. I will be back I am about to finish cooking, we are going to have dinner together.' She says going off to the kitchen.
"What's wrong with her?" Erick sighing to his father. 'I know nothing about her, but what I see is a nice woman.' The father sighing back.
'She is not like this, I know her, but I don't know what happening now. I like her if she is like this, not the other way around.' Erick talking down. Their eye are on the passage she will come from, just to make sure that she don't catch them while talking about her.
Is she really that bad if she is another mood?
"She is like a lion, it's like she can even hit you. I totally don't like that side of her.' Says Erick.
Okay, but all I see right now is a beautiful lady, who's good hearted and loves talking.
'What do you mean by beautiful lady?' The Erick confused a little. "I mean she is beautiful, that all, why are you asking"
This is Lisa's grandmother, it's her grandmother! That means she is in the same age as your mother
"Okay Erick... so what did I say about that?" Erick's father looking at the passage again. 'I was just telling you, because I don't like how you two behave.' Pointing him with a finger like threatening. "Come on Erick what did I do?" The father laughs.
'Nothing, but you are acting strange. Since when you don't talk?' Erick asks now talking instead of sighing. "Come on Erick low down your voice she will hear us,"
"I don't care, she is also awkward today, and you can tell her if you want." Erick raising the voice again. 'Come on we are here for Lisa right?' The father asking trying to run away from a topic. 'Yes, we are here for her but because of you and that lady who is in the kitchen we are stuck here busy acting weird at each other.' Says Erick looking him as threatening.
Erick I don't know what you are talking about I......
'Erick my son, do you love Lisa?' granny intervening coming with two looking delicious food in a single tray. Erick is shocked for a moment after being called a son, confused by even a question, she did never ask before. "Erick!" She calls him again
Oh! Yes I love her
'Okay that's better. It's great to see two young people love each other' Looking at Erick father and smiles. "It reminds me of...."
Hey granny I'm back!
"Lisa!" Erick exclaim.

CHAPTER 10

'Lisa!' Granny exclaims too. "Who is that with you now?" She continues, surprised by the man wearing good and looks younger. "Granny this is Will, his car is great! I've never been in car like that before." Lisa says holding him inside. After that the house is quiet, looking at each other.
"Oh I'm sorry Will, this is my granny, who is a mother to me.... and.... this is Erick and his father. I don't know what are they doing here but I think they came to granny." Lisa says looking at her granny like she is expecting an answer. 'Lisa, what's going on? We were so worried about you, where have you been?' Erick asks but still confused.
'Granny, don't you want to see his car? It beautiful, I know you will love it.' Says Lisa not bothers her self about Erick's question. "No Lisa tell us where have you been, we were worried about you." Granny adds too.
Okay, thank you for worrying, but I am now here I'm not dead. And we will talk later about that, right now let us go outside to see his car.
"Not now, maybe later, right now let sit and eat there is something for all of us in the kitchen." Granny says trying to hide that she desperately wants to see the car but think that as a bad behaving in front of Erick's father. 'Come on granny, this will only take few minutes, then we will be back and meal.' Lisa begs.
Erick's father is still in shock; don't even know what to say about all of this. As for Erick, he is just disappointed but Will on another hand is just smiling.
'Okay, okay fine, but only for few minutes, Will lets go and see your car.' Says granny smiling at him, holded by Lisa on another hand, pulling her to exit. "It's okay granny, you can go, I will stay here for now, I am exhausted." Says Will, immediately looking for a place to sit.
"You will stay here?" Lisa says, scowling. 
'Yes, what's wrong with that? You can go I will be alright.' He responds sitting down opposite Erick. "Okay but......"
"Lisa lets go, leave Will; I want to see that car!" Granny says pulling her hand and exit. Then the house is now left quiet, three men looking at each other but Will instead takes out his phone.
'Hey you!' Erick pointing at him.
"Are you talking with me?" Will ask disturbed while tapping a phone. 
Who do you think I'm talking too?
'Okay, I'm sorry. What were you saying; you must be her brother, right?' Will, trying to shake his hand he is disappointed after being rejected. He only looks at the hand in an unpleasant manner. But the smile never ends, and the hand is still waiting for a handshake.
'What?' Erick asks while the hand is in front of him. "You are her brother, aren't you?" Showing a respect to him. 'First of all, who are to ask me that, you think you won her with that car of yours?' Erick says trying to stand up and slap him, but his father is too old to just sit and look at him misbehaves. "Let me tell you something, you didn't win at all, the show is about to start." He says and then sits down.
'What's wrong now?' Will asks confused.
"Don't ask me that nonsense, I will ......." Raising the hand against him. 'Stop Erick, what are you doing now? What are you doing now, what do you expect Lisa to say?' The father interrupts holding him to sit again. 'I don't care what she says, for now let ma deal with this!' Erick standing again as to get near him.
Stop! We didn't come here for this, please behave yourself, Lisa will be back to explain this thing, for now just calm down!
'Thanks for holding him, I'm not here to fight either and I'm sorry Erick if there is something I said or did wrong. 'Says Will putting his phone on a couch besides him. "Just shut up!' Erick shouting, trying to stand up again but his father is too close to hold him. 'I will crush you!' He continues pointing him.
What have I done?
"Erick stop please!" The father says and stands in front of him. "Leave me alone! You are starting to irritate me, get off my way!" Says Erick pushing him away, quickly and harshly.
'I know that you think, I slept with your sister but I didn't and I will never do such thing in my life, but I love your sister.' Will behind Erick's father but still sitting. "You what?" Erick shouts pushing his father and raising the hand against him as to hit. 'I only said I love her, I'm sorry if I said wrong' Will running away from the hand.
"Erick stop! This isn't a right way of solving this, wait for Lisa to explain." His father catching his hand again, pushing him to sit down and again stands in front of him. 'I said leave me alone! Did you hear him, he said he loves her, what do you expect me to say?' Erick pushing the father, pointing Will with another hand.
'Please father stop him, I only said I love her, what's wrong with that, is he alright?' Will says, standing up as to run away. "Shut up! What do you think you are to love her, who do you think you are?" Erick shouting.
'Will please, stop talking!' The father shutting him and sits down but still holding Erick. 
I'm sorry I won't talk again.
"Will, stop talking!" The father shout, holding Erick tight. 'No, he don't have to shut up, he needs to get out from the house, now!' Erick says, stands as to move close to him but the father is holding. 
Okay, fine I won't say anything again.
"We don't need you quiet, we need you out!" Erick again chasing. Will don't like a trouble, so he chooses to take his phone from the couch as to exit. 'Erick stop! You can't chase him from here, what do you think Lisa and her granny will say?' Erick's father trying to stop him. "No Will! Don't go anywhere, just stay there and wait for them to come. I think they are now coming, actually where is your car, why are they taking this long to come back?" Says the father stopping Will
Okay thanks father. My car is not far, I don't know what's wrong now. 
'Father please let me beat this thing and crush it, he isn't needed here!' Erick stands trying to get the father off from him. "No, no, I need to get out of here, I can't stand this anymore. I'm going to look for them." Will exiting a house.
"No Will, come back!" The father trying to stop him but it's too late because is already out. 'Let him go, I don't need him here! That's what he needs to do!' Erick shouting, even while he's out. 
'Will, what's wrong, why are you out?' Lisa asks surprised to find him alone outside. "Will are you going? Stay for few minutes so that we can have a dinner" Granny says moving closer to him as he is in front of door.
"I'd like to stay granny but I can't." Says Will and move off the way but his eyes are still in the house to see if Erick exit. 'Why not, it will only take couples of minutes after that, you can go.' Granny begs. On the other hand Lisa is suspecting something. "Yes Will stay for few hours or minutes than after that you will go." Lisa following her grandmother's words.
No I can't.
'What's wrong Will?' Lisa asks still suspecting. 'Okay, it's your brother, He doesn't want me here; he said I must get out of the house.' Will say pointing the house.
What?
"Who's that Will because I don't have any brother?" Lisa asks confused. 'That man called..... Erick, yeah Erick, I don't know if he is your relative or what, he said he doesn't want me and I'm going I can't stand for this.' He says as if to go but Lisa stops him. "Erick said that? Let me go inside and deal with him because clearly he doesn't know me!" Says granny leaving them both standing.
'Will I'm not even related to Erick and this is not his home too.' Lisa says holding his hand
What?
"He is just a.... neighbour, so please don't go" She begs looking him in the eyes. 'What do you mean, you mean I've chased by just a neighbour?' Will asks, pushing her hands off from his to get inside. "No Will, don't go there, let's talk first." Lisa begging taking his hands again. 'Talk!' He exclaims.
Yes let's talk about this because if you go inside, maybe you'll have to fight against him.
'I don't understand, what do you mean by; I will have to fight him? There is no even a reason for him to fight, he must only leave! That's a neighbour, nothing more.' Will shouting and moving to enter. "Okay, okay Will, calm down please." Rushing to him and pulls him. 'No I can't! He didn't respect me, how can I be calm?' 
'Okay Will, I will go inside and talk with him, rather than you causing more damages.' Now standing in front a door. "What do you mean by that? You don't have to talk with them; you have to tell them to go. If that too hard for you, I think I'll have to do it myself." He says pushing her away to get inside, but Lisa pulls him to her again.
"No Will, please think! What do you think my granny will do if you start fighting at the first day she meets you. Stop this is not like you!" Says Lisa stopping in his way, leaving him not knowing what to do after these words, he is quiets for a moment. 
"Will I know that he didn't respect you but think for yourself first. Erick is just a neighbour who interferes in other people's business and he's also rude but granny likes him even though he's like that. So if you go against him, obvious granny will pick his side I am sure of that." Lisa says looking him, holding his hands.
So do you mean he is like this all the time?
'Yes he is this person, so please calm down, granny and I will deal with this, don't worry.' Now brushing his hand and the beard. "Okay but please make sure that he goes away because I won't stay with him; promise me that you will do that." Begging looking her eyes and slowly moving his head closely to her.
"Okay........ Come on Will don't look me like that, we are in my home, what will people say?" Lisa says pushing the face back. 'Come on Lisa a little kiss won't hurt' Will smiling taking her hands off his face. "No Will, that won't happen, I only have to get inside and fix this thing" She says pushing him again as to move away. 'Make sure he gets out!' Will say after she leaves and enters a house, but Lisa doesn't respond only smiles and turns away.
'Erick what going on here, what did you do to Will? Granny they both need to go right now! I don't need them here.' Lisa interrupting them while they are about to explain to granny. "What?" granny is confused now looking at her. 'They must get out, how can they abuse our visitor? They must go right now! Erick as well as your father please leave us!" She says looking at them pointing them outside. 
"Lisa, are you chasing us out?" Erick surprised. 'Yes Erick, what do you think I'm doing? How dare you chasing Will away, how can you even chase him from this house? This is not your house!' Lisa now pointing at Erick's father. 
'Hey, don't talk to me like that! And please stop pointing me with your finger!' the father shouting back, standing as to slap her. "I already did it, what do you think you will do, do you think you can kick me out as you did in your house? This is my home you will never do that." Lisa says moving close to him.
"Hey, stop now!" Granny interrupting and stands between them. 'Who do you think you are? This is my house; you are making noise in my house!' Granny continues talking looking at both of them. "But granny they must get out, look what they did to Will. They don't deserve to stay here any minutes again."
'Stop it Lisa, you either don't have that permission of chasing here, this is my house, I'm the only one making rules here! Are we clear?' Now saying moving close to her face. 
Yes granny but the.......
"Stop! There are no buts here; I'm the only one who is in charge not you" Granny interrupts.
Lisa how can you chase me away just......
'Erick I said shut up! How can you even chase a person who is not even in your house, how does that happen?' Granny now to Erick. 
"But you have to remind your granddaughter that, this is not the right way of talking with elders." The father says and sits down.
What?
'Just shut up Lisa and do as he said, apologise now!' Granny moving to her face again. "Come on granny are you serious?" Lisa smirking thinking she is just joking. 'What's funny? I said apologise.' Granny now shouting pointing her to Erick's father.
"No granny I can't, they must first apologise to Will, if they don't then I won't either." Lisa denying moving away from her. 'Lisa can I talk with you for few seconds, please we need to talk.' Erick intervenes after a long time quiet. "What is that you want to tell her? Tell her now in front of us." Granny to him now.
'Come on granny it's a secrets I can't say it in front of you.' He says and stands up as if she already agreed. "No, you......"
"Erick, do we have secrets now?" Lisa interrupting her granny. 'Lisa please call Will inside.' Granny intervene too, looking outside where Will is standing. "Why granny?" Lisa asks but happier especial as she interrupted Erick. 'I said call Will, now!' Now the voice is up. 
'Okay, granny.' Immediately moving to the door. "Will!" Lisa calling him without even exiting, luckily Will is still close. 'Yes, my angel, what's wrong?' Will says appearing to them but still outside. "My Angel!" Erick doesn't like her to be called like that especially him. 'Erick stop, that's none of your business' The father shutting him.
Thanks, for telling him.
"Okay, granny, here is Will, what next? Will they go or what?" Lisa without a respect pointing at them. "Lisa, what's wrong with you, is this because of Will or what?' Pausing for a moment. 'Please behave before I do something I will regret" Granny continues.
'Lisa, are you now his Angel, how can you allow him calling you that in front of me?' Erick says, he can't stop himself now. "Erick I said stop, it's none of your business how they call themselves." Father shutting him again. 'Yeah, you better listen to your father because I will now crush you. Who are you to chase me out of this house, a relative or just a neighbour? You are so disgusting, how can you even chase someone, not even on your property?' Will angers him more, wanting him to give up and go.
"Will, stop it, I didn't call you for that." Granny stopping Will, who is like wanting a fight now. 'What did you say?' Erick standing taking his fathers hands off him. "Erick stop! What's wrong with you, what are doing now?" His father grapping him with an arm, trying to sit him down.
What you think, you are doing Erick? Do you see why they must go granny?
'They should leave now!' Will adding but now moving a little back as Erick is up. 
Shut up, all of you!
"I will crush you!" Erick pointing at him, trying to reach him but he is now too far and the father is holding. "Erick stop!" The father holding him tight and stands. 'What are you doing now? You know what; we should go because you can't behave yourself now.' He continues standing in front of him pointing him on the forehead.
Take him and get out of here, stop wasting our time!
"Lisa, are you still chasing us away, why are you doing this?" Erick asks disappointed and the drop of tears shows up. Now he is embarrassed and decides to just sit down, only looks down. 'What are crying for, just get out of here!' Will says but still far. "Will, shut up!" Granny shout as Erick is down, feeling sorry for him. 
'Lisa look at your damages now, I don't know why he met you at the first place.' The father says and Will is confused now. "What going on here? Why are you saying this is Lisa's fault, because your son is misbehaving in front of you? Or is there anything you hiding?" Will says, now moving close to them.
Don't you know what's going on here?
"No I don't know." Will respond on the other hand Erick is still down, wiping the tears. 'I Think Lisa will tell you, to tell the little, we are not neighbours but she will tell all the rest, you can start telling him Lisa.' The father says looking her in the eyes and then down to Erick, comforting him. Lisa is just quiet not even commenting this time.
'My Angel please tell me what going, who are they if not neighbours?' But Lisa ignores him, only looking down, on her nails. "My Angel talk, what wrong now, who are they?" he ask again.
"What's wrong now Lisa, this is your mess right? So please deal with it and tell him the truth." Granny says pushing her head up to see the face, but again she turns down
'Lisa why you always do this to me, is it because I love you?' Erick asking with tears looking at her. "Look what you did Lisa, you can't even answer the questions now" Granny says as to raise the head again but only touches it and leaves it. 'She must tell the truth and choose between them.' The father adds.
"Lisa please tell me you are not dating him" Will says and looks at her but she ignores. 'Why you didn't tell me from the start? Look now. Erick my man I am sorry... but I also love her, I can't just give up on her like that, it will be on her to choose you or me, Lisa what you say?' Will asking unexpectedly. But Lisa cries instead, 
May I please go out, I will come back.
"No, that won't happen, choose first" The father stopping her. 'I'm sorry my dear but you have to do as they ask so that this will be over. 'The grandmother comforting her. 
She did this to herself and she is the one to solve it.
'But Lisa why?' Erick looking at her even while she is crying, Will is still quiet waiting for response. "I'm sorry Erick, you will be fine, she still have to choose" Granny says holding Lisa and comforting her. 
"Okay I will choose" Lisa says and the head is still down. 'Erick I know I did hurt you and I'm sorry for that. I know you love me, you've proven that many times but I still keep disappointing all the time. You are a great man I've ever had in my life and thank you for loving me like this. But I am choosing......... Will, I'm tired of disappointing you, I'm sorry.'

CHAPTER 11

"What!" The father exclaims, same time Erick's head goes down and more tears come. 'You must be kidding, what are you saying exactly?' Father asks again looking at her like he didn't hear her. "I'm sorry Erick" Lisa again looking at him.
'After everything Lisa.... you....' Erick interrupted by tears. "Lisa, what are you doing? I don't think that is a good choice. But please Erick be strong you will find another one." The grandmother says and Erick is still crying. 'What?' With a low voice.
"I think you deserve better than her" Says granny comforting him. 'But I love her and I.......' The tears again. 'Erick I'm sorry I don't know what I should say' Lisa trying to comfort too. Moving close to him but scared at the same time, before she even reaches him the father looks her in a scary manner showing he don't want her near his son.
But why Lisa, why? I was expecting a better future for us. This means I was just dreaming for something which will never happen.
'I'm sorry my man, if this wasn't about how much I love her, I would be gone by now but I can't I deeply love her. I promise you, I will treat well our woman because even though she is not with you, I know you will always be in her heart and I know that she will always in yours too. If you still want to talk with her, I am fine with that. You can even be friends but only if that okay with you.' Will says after long time quiet 
"That's sweat of you Will, thank you. Erick I still want to be friends with you, if that's okay by you my love." Lisa looking at him like she is expecting him to raise head and talk. 'Come again!' Erick's father says before even Erick responds. "I'm interested being friend with him" 
You have some nerves to even say that, do you think that possible after this?
'Father, can we please go now' Erick says with a low voice and still with tears. Don't even want to look at them, only looking down, wiping tears. "I'm sorry my love." Lisa trying to make him feels better. 'Stop Lisa, please stop!' Erick wanting to continue shouting but the tears intervenes. "Before I go can I ask you something?" He continues and now calm.
Yes my love, ask.
"Have you ever loved me?" Wiping tears from his face, now looking her in the eyes. 'Erick, you don't have to ask that because it's obvious' Lisa responds looking elsewhere as if she is going somewhere. "Granny, the problem here is that I've never heard her saying that, she said it once. And look what is happening now, this make no sense." Erick explaining to grandmother.
'Erick, everything will be fine. I can do things but this is on her, I could have asked her to choose you.'
I'm sorry Erick and I am willing to be anything you want me to be. The only......
"Can I ask again" Erick interrupts her. 'Come on Erick, stop with questions now, she already chose another man.' The father says and he is now standing waiting for him to finish. "It's okay, this is the last one" Erick pulling him down. "When did you start dating each other?" asking looking Will straight in his eyes.
'What!' Grandmother exclaims. "Erick don't ask that please."
"No granny I have to answer every question he ask" Lisa interferes her granny. 'Erick we started yesterday.' She says with confidence. "Come again?" the father looking her in the eyes moving the ear close to her. 'Yes, we started yesterday.'
'Come on Lisa you are breaking someone's heart just because of love which is not even a week started!' Granny exclaims.
"Erick we need to get out of here, she doesn't worth you" The father pointing her. 'Calm down handsome, everything will be fine.' Grandmother pleasing the situation. "How can it be, if things are like this?" 
'It will be. Erick will find someone else again.' She responds. At that time Will is just sitting on the couch, relaxed like he is watching a movie and this conversation is starting to irritate him now. "I love you Erick." Lisa utters again. Erick just looks at her and looks down after that. 
"Let go Erick, we need some fresh air." The father moving close to him, pulling him. Fortunately Erick doesn't fight that. 'I wonder what you saw on this.' The father continues, again Erick says nothing till they exits.
'Lisa, are you okay? What was that for?' Granny asks after few seconds they exited. "What now granny?"
Don't make me a fool, why did you do that to him?
"I'm sorry to you and to him granny, but Erick is too weak to be my boyfriend." Lisa responds standing up, taking all the glasses in the table. 
Lisa!
'Yes granny, he is weak and on top of that he is not even working. He always goes to his father for money and I can't stand that.' Continues cleaning, holding glasses waiting for her granny to finish. "Lisa please don't say that" 
"It's true granny, he needs to upgrade his life first" She continues, now turning as about to go. 'Lisa, you are also not working, why is it a big deal if it's him?' She is now acting like stopping her and Lisa is starting to be annoyed. "That's the problem granny, I am also not working and he is a man, he must do something for me and be independent like Will." She says and turns to Will who is still quiet, instead busy with his phone.
'Lisa I think you are making a mistake, but I see Will as a good man and let hope he treats you well, because if he don't, I will have to kill him.' Grand mother says looking at him as if she is asking him to speak.
"I promise you, I won't disappoint her. I love her." He says, then down to his phone again. 'You also drink alcohol?' Granny asks, surprising him. Same time Lisa looks at him sighing "No" but unfortunately Will is not even looking at her, he is only with his phone. "Are you drinking?" Granny asks again, now asking louder. 
'Oh! I'm sorry you were asking me? I....' Not knowing what to say. "Lisa what about going out and get something granny can drink because it's too hot here, I also need one." Now changing a topic. 
Hey you, what do you think you are? I asked you a question, do you drink?
"No, no!" Lisa sighs to him, making sure her granny doesn't see her but luckily she don't. And she is now starting to feel the weight of glasses and the left over juice she is holding. Now thinking even putting it down. 
'No I don't drink..... I don't drink' He says and smiles, back to his phone again. "Oh, okay. Then why do you like Lisa?"
'Lisa can we please go, I'm starting to feel more temperature, I need a drink' He says and stands up as if to exit. "Okay let go Will. Granny we will......"
"Stop you two, okay to what? Listen here you are going nowhere, if you need a juice cold-drink I have it on my fridge, you can take it." Granny disturbs. 
'Granny......'
"Don't granny me! Go to the kitchen and wash my glasses before you break them. You are not going, that's final." Granny says looking at Will who is still standing looking at them. 'Okay granny' Lisa says disappointed, marches to the kitchen with a tray leaving them in the room. "I'm sorry granny Lisa can stay but I have to go and meet my mother. She is about to arrive now so please excuse me." Will says immediately exit a house before even granny responds. 
'Do you see how your friend is? He goes while I'm talking with him. He doesn't respect, I prefer Erick then him' Granny shouting at her but Lisa is far away to even hear and too frustrated to pay attention. "Your man is gone, that man is rude." Granny telling her before she even sits down. 'But I love him granny' Lisa defending him.
"I don't trust him, did you see his car?" 
'It's beautiful, don't start granny please no jealous. We call that a man, he is a real man.' She is now sitting. "Wait, where is he working, I think he is just a thug, he is too young to have such car. Maybe it belongs to his parents" Granny not believing Will as the owner of the car.
"Granny come on he's not a thug, his father has his owns" Lisa says taking the magazine beside her and smiles. 'Don't smile, I don't trust that man and one day he will steal you, that when you will see a real him.' Granny says putting the cup filled with coffee down. "And I asked where is he working?"
Will is not working, he.....
I told that it's his father's car. That man is still young to drive that car as his own.
No it's his car. Let me finish, Will is not working but only working for himself.
"Working for himself, what do you mean by that, he is criminal?" Granny says same time standing up as if Lisa has already agreed. 'No come on, he have his own company and that's why I chose him. I want a man who can support me as well as my family without struggling, so please granny helps yourself and sits down.' Lisa putting her magazine down and face her. "What do you mean by family, I don't want his money, what if he was just lying to you, no take your money away from me after that." 
No, I meant my kids, which Will and I will have in future when married.
"Oh good luck with that, did he say that or you are just fooling yourself?" She ask now sitting down, feeling a disappointment. 'Come on granny, Will is a good man, I know that will happen. Show a little being supportive please!' 
'Okay its fine but I still don't trust him' She is now down, sipping her coffee. "He is great, relax you will see that as the time goes by." Lisa says.
Okay, let now forget about Will and talk about you.
"What about me?" Lisa asks, putting down the book and all attention is on her now. 'Where have you been all along, you were with him?' She asks. "No granny, come on, didn't they tell where I was?" Lisa responds scowling.
Who supposed to do that?
'Erick and his father. That a strange question because I was with them the day before yesterday, so obvious they must have told you something' Lisa standing leaving her in the sitting. "They said a little about that but not everything, what happened?" The granny continues shouting.
"Come on granny if you don't know what happened, then why they were here, to even fight with my Will?" Lisa asks turning back to a sitting room again to talk with her. 'Erick was worried about you and I felt sorry for him the way he was. They only told me that they were here to help each other to find you, nothing else.' Says the granny still don't know what's going on.
What really happened Lisa?
'Granny if they told you nothing, its fine but I wonder why you keep on saying Erick loves me. 'Lisa says wanting to get back to the kitchen where she was at first. "Is there anything you are not telling Lisa? " Granny asks while she turns away.
"Nothing much granny, it's just that I don't understand them. " Lisa shouting in the kitchen. 'Understand what? Lisa! You are now confusing me. Is there anything Erick done to you, because I swear if there is, I will crush him and eat him alive!'
'It's nothing serious granny but I am coming I will tell you everything about your so called Erick.' Lisa says tired of shouting. "Okay what is the name of his father, I forgot to ask" Granny ask still shouting, can't stop herself from it. But Lisa is too busy to hear what she says.
"Okay granny just give me a few minutes, I will be there. There is noise here, I can't here you." And within much time she appears back. 'Okay I'm sorry what were you saying?' Asking before even reaching a sitting room, still on the passage. Coming holding a tray loaded with coffee.
Come on Lisa are you deaf now?
'No, there was a kettle noise in the kitchen, so it was difficult to here you.' Lisa apologising pouring a tea for her and for herself. "But granny, you can ask, I'm now here" Lisa says moving her coffee close to her couch.
"Okay, thanks for the coffee, I asked his name."
"Who?" Now moving to her couch. 'Erick's father. What I did was rude, I allowed them to stay such a time but not even asking his name, I didn't even introduce myself to them, they only know me as granny. I also know him as Erick's father' Grandmother says sipping her coffee. 
'What's wrong with that, he's not that important. And what you did is great; you welcomed them and offered something they can drink. Introducing their name and staff was their job. As far as I know, I am not surprised at all, that's father is crazy, he should have introduced himself.'
Okay I was right, look at me now, I'm here wondering about his name and the truth is where ever he is, he is not even thinking that I'm alive, only thinks of his son.
"Come on granny, why do you want that man to even recall you?" Lisa asks, looking at her, showing interested in an answer. 'Lisa, stop calling him like that!'
'I'm sorry I didn't know that you care that much for him. But to tell you the truth, that man is not good as you think he is. And I really don't like him.' Sipping her coffee and taking the book again. "No Lisa! He is a good man and you will respect him, like it or not. That man is older than you!" 
"But he is behaving as a teenager who is even younger than I am." Lisa says, still with her magazine and now the phone. 'Let me call Will and ask him to fetch me again, I think I need some air because I see, you are now starting to lose your mind' Lisa says, immediately putting the phone on her ears. Same time granny grasps it faster and harshly before even someone answers it.
'How dare you disrespecting me like that! If I'm talking, you must never use your cell phone, worse calling someone, you heard that?' Granny shouts, closing the call as the phone is now on her.
But I can't......
"Hey stop it! You always use buts every time I talk with you, I said I don't need you with your phone while I' busy talking!" She says looking down at the phone, searching who was called. 'Okay granny I won't, can I have my phone please, and I won't use it.
'Not now.' Granny responds putting it on a couch beside her. "I'm going to call Will and that and that. What's that? Who is that Will to me, who raised you and still feeding you?" Granny says continues sipping her coffee, looking her.
"I'm sorry I won't do it again." The book is now down; all she wants is the phone. 'Granny please I need my phone' She begs again. "I said not now Lisa, what's wrong with you. It's not even that far, it's just here with me, so relax you will get it." Granny says pointing the phone beside her.
'Okay, tomorrow I will go look for a job. I am tired of always depends on you because this is what you do if I am on you. I want to have my own money and car as Will so.......' But before she even finish, the phone rings. Granny just looks at it like there is nothing serious and turns her head away. 
Granny, that my phone, please pass it.
"Relax, its private number, I always warn you about taking it" Granny ignoring a call. 'Okay let me close it or close it for me because it sounds irritating, maybe I can even put it on silent.' Lisa says showing a hand to receive it, but granny ignores it continues drinking coffee.
'Granny please close the phone, it's too noisy.' Granny looks at another side, till the phone closes itself. "That's already done, don't worry about it now, it won't ring again, if it does then I will close it." Granny says, instantly the phone rings again. 'Okay close it, it's annoying' Lisa says but her attention is still in the book, not her.
"I will right now" Granny says, continue ignoring not even picking it up. The phone rings till automatically closes as the last time. 'Granny come on, what's wrong with you, why are you not closing?' Lisa is now irritated no more reading, all the regards is on her now.
'Okay, sorry, let me put it on silence, maybe that's better.' Granny says smirking picking it up. "It's not funny." Lisa says now looking at the book again, after few seconds, she turns to her again. 'Why are you behaving like this? Do you like that ring tone or what? If you do then I will buy you a phone so you can play that ring tone.' Lisa says returning her eyes to the book again. 
"Come on Lisa I already silenced your phone, what's wrong now?" She responds but Lisa only looks at her and then turns to the book without replying. 'That man is handsome!' Granny says but not showing that she is talking with her, instead she is only looking on the walls, chairs, couches and other furniture.
'What did you say?' Lisa asks. All the attention is on her now. "I think I need furniture here, don't you see?" Granny says and Lisa looks at the furniture then to her. 'No I think you need a doctor, you are starting madness.' Lisa says sipping her coffee which is now getting cold. 
'I think we need couches and........' The cell phone interrupt again but better this time, it's on silence and it's a message. "Can you please pass my phone, before you show your madness to it?" Lisa says raising the hand to accept it. 
"Let us see who is texting and see a text" Granny says laughing, picking it up. 'Guess who is it? A private number again, it's now texting a massage I will....' 
'Granny please don't open my messages, give me my phone!' She says, without delaying, she takes it harshly. "Come on granny! It was Will all along, why didn't you tell me? Oh, what have you done?" She exclaims opening a text message. "Oh my! Will wants us to meet now. Do you see what you've done? Maybe this is a break up, who knows." Lisa panicking.
"Come on Lisa, no one can break with you just because you ignored a call" Granny smiling turning the head away from her instead to the walls again. 'Oh does that make you.....' Phone interrupts again.
'Here he calls... no! It's not him, who's this, I don't know this number.' She says looking on the phone and immediately closing it. But within a time, phone rings again. "Who the hell is this?" She says looking at it again, now irritated, like she will even through it down.
"Maybe it's him" Granny says simpering.
It's not funny granny
'Who is this and what do you want?'
"I'm sorry but I am Will's wife and I just found your number on his phone. As his wife I deserve to know everything happening to him, so is there any business you are doing with him?"
'What? A wife!'

CHAPTER 12

"A wife? What's wrong now Lisa?" Granny asks, within seconds Lisa closes the call and the face change. 'This can't be true, maybe it's that loser called Erick' Lisa says looking on the wall shocked. The phone is still on her hand. "What wrong, what did he do?" Granny confused.
'I am going to Will right now, this wife like it or not. No one can stop against me and my man, including your Erick!' Lisa says pointing at her, immediately stands up as about to leave. "Wait what's going on, why are you talking like this?" She asks but Lisa ignores. 'Hey Lisa come here!' She shouts but Lisa is too upset to listen to her.
"I will tell you everything when I get back, for now I have to see my husband." Lisa says exiting a house. Going straight to the place the message instructs.
"I'm sorry about what I did earlier; your grandmother was scarring with her questions. I thought it was better to run away before she even asks unnecessary questions." Will says smiling before she even enters a car. 'Which questions?' Lisa asks, now she is down and still upset.
'Come on my love there are many questions your grandmother can ask, like; Am I drinking or not? That was a tough one because if you went there, I would have said yes' He says smiling again looking at her. "Your mother seems hard and funny. I also know that she is drinking as you, right?" 
"What! Do you see granny as a drunkard?" Lisa shouts back confusing him.
No.... come on Lisa, but she is.....
'If you don't know what to say, you better shut up!' Lisa says looking in the rear. "I'm sorry Lisa. Wait are you still mad just because I left her? Well it that the case then I'm sorry but I don't like being questioned, especially by her." Will respond trying to touch her hair.
"Please leave me alone! Which question my granny was going to ask, questions like; are you married? That the question you were running from, right?" Lisa asks getting his hand off her, now directly facing him. 'No! What's that my love, she can't ask that question' Now looking in another way.
'Will, why are you turning away, you really married?' 
'Come on I was just looking at those people who were walking here, they were such a couple, did you see them?' He says, still avoiding eye contact. 
"They remind you and your wife that's why"
'My wife? What wife now? I'm not married' Now facing her. "Okay how many kids, you have?"
Kids....?
"Yes how many are they?" Lisa asks again and the face is still. 'I don't have kids. I told you I live with my mother and father, there is no kid"
Then why can't I go with you and introduce me to your parents like I did?
'No, my parents won't like that, they are strict, I don't think that the right idea." He says, now turning the head away again. "Oh! Do you mean they won't like me?" She asks. 'Obvious not Lisa. What wrong with so many questions? You know what, if you don't want being with me right now, you can get off my car and go to your granny, and then ask each other these questions. I told you I don't like to be interrogated.' Will shouting, immediately the smile disappear. 
Oh, that how this will work, I don't have a right to ask? 
"Lisa, what's wrong with you, where is that Lisa I know, who has that vibe, who is ghetto, what's wrong now? Busy playing a mommy role and......" The phone interrupts but instead of taking it, he looks elsewhere. 'Won't you answer that thing?' She asks and he ignores her. "What's wrong now, answer you phone its irritating." Lisa says moving her hand close to it.
'Stop it; I don't want to answer so stay out of it!' Will says now looking on the front side and she moves the hand back immediately. "Yeah it's your wife right you know what, just answer that call and tell her to stop calling me, I'm not one of her friends." Lisa says but he ignores again. Same time she takes it roughly wanting to answers herself.
"No! What are doing now? My phone is none of your business are we clear?" Will taking it back harshly before she even answers. 'Well it is, you are my husband and what's your is mine. That how husband and wife who loves each other do. So if you love me you will allow that between us.' Says Lisa and the phone is still ringing.
Who said I'm your husband?
'You are not yet, but you my husband to be.' Looking at him and the phone automatically closes itself. "You know what, let stop talking about this" Will say moving the phone to another side.
No we won't stop; we need to talk about it
We will stop!
"We won't" She says back faster. 'You are so stubborn, you know what, I need you out of my car, right now!' Will says opening the door from her side. "Please leave my car." He says looking at the front as if he is about to start the car. But instead of getting off, she closes the door and says nothing only looks same direction as he.
'You didn't have to do that.' Will says now looking her. "That was supposed to be done" She says turning to him too. 'Why are you so stubborn? I will repeat again, get out of my car.' He says, moving close to her as to kiss and opens the same door again. "Please leave my car" He continues but she closes the door again.
"I am going nowhere" She says looking in the rear now. 'Is this how you treat your girls? If this is, now you are messing with a wrong person, I am not you puppet who will do as you wishes. And if you have to kill me, you can go ahead and do it I don't care. I am your wife!' 
'Mmmhh.' He sighs and start the car. "You want us to break up or what?" Same time switching it off again still looking in the rear smirking at the same time. 'I don't think you can do that'
"I will and trust me, I won't regret it. Let me tell you something, I am Will and I usually follow my name." Now turning to face her but she says nothing. 'So please Lisa I'm begging you get out of my car now!' He continues and again she ignores him for few seconds. "Why you doing this to me Will, is this because I love you?" She asks and the voice is now down.
'Oh! Now you want to cry? No, it's not because you love me; it's just that you are stubborn. You think you can control me as your last boyfriend, listen carefully; I am the one controlling not you. I 'm not one of them and I make things simple; If you don't follow my rules in my world because you are currently in my world, I dump you just lie a paper.' Will say.
"No, you can't do that Will, I broke with someone just because of you and you are now thinking of this" Lisa says wanting to cry, but she pretends strong. 'No, please don't cry.' Will says and smiles. 
Are you happy?
'No I'm not happy and to tell you the truth, what makes me unhappy is that you are still in my car. You are showing your stubbornness as your granny' Will says with a still face now. "Please take her out of this; there is nothing to do with her here!" 
"I don't care; you are stubborn as her, finish." Will says looking her now. 'And please I am starting to lose an appetite of speaking, you can get out now." He says same time opening the door for the third time and holds it, but Lisa ignores and looks at him showing she won't do it.
'I said get out!' Will says pushing her harshly out of a car; nearly falls down but manages to have a balance.
"What are you doing Will?" Asking while she is out, standing up and moving close again. But Will says nothing, only starts a car again and go. Leaving her standing alone. 'Will' She shouts behind, chasing while the car is going but Will continues till she gives up and go back home, frustrated. She enters and quickly shuts the door.
'Wait Lisa, what wrong, why are you fighting with my door?' Granny asks confused. But she ignores her, instead, marches straight to her bedroom. "Lisa!" Granny says grasping her other hand. 'What's wrong, why are you like his?' Granny asks again, now holding the hand.
"Is it not that Will?" She rejoins and turns back to face her. 'What does he thinks he is, he thinks he can cheat on me?' Lisa asking like expecting answers from her granny. "He cheated on you?" Granny asks, scowling.
I promise you granny, I will kill that man; how can he throw me out of our car?
'Throwing you out of yours car? What are you talking about and which car is that?' Granny not understanding and leave the hand as she is now still. "I am going to crush that man; I'm not one of those cheap girls he dated before. I am Lisa and I worth a marriage which will happen between us" Lisa says at the same time walking as if there is something she is looking for.
"You want marriage?" Granny asks
'To make all this drama disappear I will have to marry him fast before even the end of this year.' Lisa continues, not even looking at her, only walking around a house, looking walls, floor, furniture etc. "Lisa stop that and talk to me!" Granny says now starting to get irritated.
"Yes we need to get married in few months to come!" She says this, same time looking at her grandmother like there was something missing and now she knows where it is. 'No you need to sits down and talk with me, because you look crazy right now.' Granny says moving close, in front of her as to stop her. But Lisa says nothing only walk to another side.
Lisa!
'Lisa!' Granny shouting again, following her. "Yes granny" Lisa responds back quickly, now looking at her. 'Take a sits so that, you can start explaining what's going on. You will lose your mind if you keep acting like this, I promise.' 
"I'm sorry, it's not that I can't hear you or disrespect you, it's just that, there are lot of things in my mind; like fixing my marriage." Lisa says now moving close to her. And the granny is already down tired of following her. 'Stop it, what marriage? You are not married; you are not even engaged, so stop talking about marriage.' Granny says.
That's why I need you and that's where I need you.
Need me to do what?
"I need you to help me propose to Will." Lisa says, now she is down too and the attention is now on to her granny. 
What?
'Granny come on, this is the only way I can win him. Granny I love that man and I want him to be my husband.' She begs. 'First of all Lisa, I don't even know what's going on between you two, you are not making sense. So I think it's better to tell me what happened out there and then this marriage of yours.'
"Thanks granny. So what we need to do is to call him but what will I say?" Lisa pausing a moment. 'Okay, I must first apologise, maybe I over reacted about that call. Maybe it was Erick's plan.' She continues.
'Is Erick a woman now and why would he do that?' Granny is confused. "He can hire someone to pretend as Will's wife or.... I don't know but maybe that what happened. Will never told me that he is married, not even a girlfriend. So I doubt that was his wife." Lisa says immediately taking her phone out of the pocket.
What are you doing now?
"Let me call him in front of you, and tell him that I am apologising for misbehaving earlier." She says this same time scrolling to make a call. 'No Lisa don't do that' Granny trying to stop her but she continues anyway. Unfortunately no one answers and tries again. For the second time, he doesn't answer.
'I told you to not do it, look now' Granny says looking at her "How can he do this to me? Maybe he's busy "Trying to make herself feels better. 
"Lisa can you please tell me what happened out there, because right now , I only see another Lisa who is getting crazy and what really pains me is that  told you about this man" But Lisa ignores her again, only scrolling her phone. 'Lisa talk to me, I've never saw you like this for a long time now and I hate the fact that I've got to say this, but Erick was better than this man. I know my dear you love him but he is just not good for you.... Look what he does to you.' Granny continues.
"But granny I love him. He is what I want, maybe this is my last time finding someone as him, so I'm scared to let him go to someone else and I can't." She says standing up, now panicking of what to do. 'But you must my daughter, wealthy and independently is nothing without love, you need a man who will loves you and respect you.'
'Let me guess who is that man; Erick?' Lisa asks, looking at her. "No I didn't say that but he is also good, you can marry him he seems nice."
"Who is nice Erick? Come on granny stop fooling me and I know very well that you don't like him at all, what are you saying now?" 
I've never said I don't like him, I was just testing him, that all.
And?
'As I was saying I found nothing wrong with him, I only found that he loves you. Trust me Lisa; Erick was going to marry you even if you misbehave' Granny motivating. "No granny, Erick is stupid, he's weak and controllable. I don't like that kind of man, I want someone as Will" Lisa says and still scrolling her cell phone.
"Look at how man like Will does, they always cheat. I doubt he even loves you; he will leave you in future, trust me. But because you love him, there is nothing I can do, you will see for yourself." She says that and goes to the kitchen to wash some dishes they were using.
'Lisa my darling, don't ever say its Erick if something bad you don't understands happens to you. Erick loves you, he won't hurt you, and the father also likes you.' Granny says, leaving her to the kitchen. "What?" Lisa asks following her. 'Yes I think he does, I saw him, it just that he was disappointed." Granny says and all her attention is now on the table where there are dirty dishes. 
You must be joking, that man hates me and I hate him more. I don't even want to see him again in my life.
Come on Lisa sometimes you need to show some respect please, that man is older than you.
"I don't care about that, he hates me and I hate him too. That's why I don't want to see that weak Erick because he will bring back his father again." Lisa says helping her. 'Lisa you are stubborn, I don't know what to do now.' Granny says pausing for a moment looking at her. "I'm sorry but why you always fight for this man because I am telling you, he hates me?"
'I am not fighting for him; I am trying to raise you well, I need to teach you respect.' She says continue washing the dishes. "Granny that......"
No please, respect him. And if you don't know what to say just help me and shut up.
Lisa has no choice but to do as told. At night, while she is alone, she calls the wife's number but unfortunately she doesn't answer.
At the morning Lisa wakes first, which is something extraordinary, thinking that maybe he called but unluckily there is no missed call. "You know what, I will kill that man, he doesn't know me" She says that immediately marches to her grandmothers room. 'I am going to crush that man granny I swear.' She says inside the bedroom, waking her.
"Which man and why are you waking me so early Lisa?" Granny says irritated. 'Who is he? Thinking that he's better, this s not a man, it's a rubbish, I think I rather stay single than being with this man. Wealthy, strong and.......'
'Wait, wait, wait Lisa, what's going on?' Granny interrupts her. "It's that thing called Will, he thinks he is better than........." the tears just come out.
What did he do now?
"He....." Call interrupt
'Hello my love.' Lisa responds calmly. Putting the phone on a loud speaker.
"What the hell do you think you are, do you want a fight?" Will responds harshly.
What?
Did you call my wife last night?
'Your wife?' Lisa and her granny ask.

CHAPTER 13

'Are you deaf now, did you do it?' Will say, immediately grandmother grasps a phone. "What did you say?" Granny asks.
Hey stop asking like you don't know........ Who is this now?
Listen here your stupid that is none of your business, what matters........
Oh, you are the grandmother, listen here old lady; tell that girl of yours to stop messing with my marriage because I will kill her if she continues.
'I don't care about that, how do you even take her? Do you think she is just your playing ground?' Granny says and at that time Lisa is busy walking around the whole room, full of anger. 
She can be I don't care but what I am saying is that tell her to leave my wife alone.
"Come again?" Lisa says grasping the phone harshly from the grandma. 
Listen here Lisa, stop calling my wife and leave me alone. Or you will regret the day you met me!
'Regret what, I am not scared of you, you can't start a fight and think that you already won before it even start. I do what I want with my life so if I want to call her again I will, you like it or not.' She says immediately closing a call, thinking even of putting it and stamps it down.
"He has a wife?" Granny asking shocked but still on the bed. 'That man is worse than I thought.' Lisa says still standing don't know what to do now. "He is just a devil" Granny continues for her. "But if he thinks he won already; he is lying, the fight is about to start. I will show him who am I" Lisa says and start moving as at first.
'Lisa my darling, you have to let this thing go now, he is not worth it.' 
"No granny, not just like that. I need to let him go for good, he need to disappear." Lisa says still walking around. 'What?'
I must do it granny.
'You must do what Lisa, I don't understand you now.' Granny asks immediately stands up, putting all her attentions on her. "I will tell you later, right now I need to figure out how I will do it" Lisa says as if about to exit the room. 'No tell me now, don't tell me that you are planning to kill him because if......'
"No, I didn't say that, beside I don't want cops on my tail"
'Than, what are plans?' Granny starting to raise a voice now, moving close to her. "Relax its nothing serious" She responds. Not even looking at her, only looking on her fist as if thinking to kill him with her bare hands. 'Lisa I hope you are telling the truth. Please stop walking like a cop here and help me fix my bed!' Granny says taking all blankets and throw it to her. 
"Come on granny, they are heavy, what are doing now?" She says but still holding them till the granny finishes. 'Oh I forgot I also have to do this, I'll be back now granny' Saying leaving the granny brooming her room. After few minutes she comes back and helps the granny, cleaning the house. Till the bathing time.
Before you take a shower Lisa I want you to know that, you don't have to fight this war alone, so if you need something, instead of doing the wrong things come to me first.
'Thanks granny, I appreciate your present in my life and I love you.' She says marching to the bathroom. "You what?"
"What?" Lisa continues with her way smiling. 'It been too long since you told me that, where.....'
'Whatever granny! I'm still in a shower so please stop disturbing' Lisa says laughing. After some time she comes back from her room now, looking and smelling great. The granny just looks at her surprised. "And then?" She asks turning the TV volume down. 
"Granny I need some air, this Will thing is piecing me off" She responds taking her hand bag from the couch. 'I will see you later granny.' She says marching to the door leaving the granny still surprised. 'Are you going in a tavern?' Granny asks before she even exits. "Obvious not granny, as I told you, I just need some space" Lisa pausing for a moment and then go. Heading to the restaurant.
'Hey!' Says the young and attractive man with a tattoo on his right arm. 
"Hey" She says back nervously and confused. 'Can I sit with you?' The young man smiling moving close to her. 
No I'm waiting for someone
'Its fine I'm also waiting but I think it's fair to wait here with you then staying there alone or let you stay alone. You can relax, if that person comes while I'm still with you I will go.' He says grasping a chair as about to sit. At the same time waiting for her permit. 
'What now?" She asks looking at him but he says nothing only looking at her, with chair on the hand. 'Okay you can sit!' She says smiling, moving the bag from the table and puts it beside her. "Thank you very much, I 'm Rob and you are?" The man says while he is down, moving his hand close to her.
I'm Lisa
"Wow, that a wonderful, I like that name, that's how my mother was named." He says shaking her hand with a smile. 'You are lying' Lisa laughing a little and still confused. "Serious, my mother and grandmother was named like that and my child will be named Lesa, because I already met you Lisa." He says.
Lesa!
'Yes Lesa, that's a sweet name and I think you also like it. It's the great name from the mother Lisa' He says same time calling a waiter, unfortunately he's busy serving others. "What do you mean by the mother Lisa; the person you are waiting for is called Lisa too?" 
"No, no, no how can you even say that. That name is not for everyone, it's only for the people like you" His attention is now not on her, it's on the water who looking still busy. 'Okay......that's okay.' She says still confused.
'Yes that true.' The man says now looking her and smiling. "Okay, why are you saying that I deserve that name because you don't know me and this is my first time seeing you and I am sure you'd never see me before" She says looking at the waiter too, he is now become a distraction between them.
"I don't know what wrong with him, if he doesn't want our money he must say, we will go." The man says raising his hand so that the waiter can give him the attention but the waiter is still busy to even look at him. 'Oh, never mind about him, you were asking why you deserve that name" The attention is on her now.
Yes!
'Well I stalked you' 
What?
'I'm just joking, let me say I'm a quick learner I look and find within a time. I don't need to talk with you first..... But to tell the truth; you're gorgeous, the man who you are waiting for is so lucky to have you' He says; now all his attention is still on her because the waiter is now not even in their eyes.
"That's not true come on" Lisa says smiling, charmed. 'True! But, I now have to go; it was nice talking with you Lisa. The person I was waiting for is now here.' He says pointing at the young and sexy lady who is standing alone holding her cell phone, which you can see from the distance that it's expensive.
'Okay, thanks for the company Rob.' Again shaking hands as he is now standing. "Maybe we can meet in other time. Oh! I forgot, tomorrow I will be hosting a party, maybe we can meet there. But I need your number to text you the details." He says taking the phone out and giving her. She takes the phone pauses for a moment, looking on the lady.
"Here is my number" She says giving the phone back. 'Are you alright?' He asks but she ignores him, still gazing the woman. 
Lisa!
'Oh! I'm sorry, my mind is not here, but we will meet on the party' Lisa says. "Okay, thank you, have a great time, again you are the most beautiful thing I've ever seen" He says leaving her to reach the waiting lady who is now starting to panic looking for him.
"Sorry mam, what would you like to eat?" The waiter asks but she says nothing, only just starring at them. 'Sorry mam!' The waiter again.
'Oh! I'm sorry, I'm fine and I think have to go' She says, immediately, standing up, still looking at them. At that time Rob and the woman are talking having fine, you can see from the distance that there is more than just friends between them. She just decides to go home than sitting alone looking at them.
"That was quick, are you okay?" Granny asks confused. 'Some days has their own meanings' She says lying on the couch. "What do you mean?" Granny asks leaving her to her room. "I think I found a way of handling Will" She says and smirks. Her eyes are not even on her, they are only on the book. Same time granny comes back.
'Lisa, you still there, I think you have to take him out of your mind, he will drive you crazy now' Granny says sitting next to her. "I have to fix this granny, other than that it will always eat me." She says now looking on her cell phone as about to make a call. "I still think you should let it go, or ask someone for help." Granny says.
"And who is that person to help? Don't tell me it's Erick" She says looking at her showing she wants nothing to do with Erick. 'No Lisa, not Erick maybe I can help too.' Granny insists.
'Thanks granny but no thanks, I want to fix this my own way' She says picking the phone again. "Okay, Lisa how would you do it?" 
"Tomorrow I will go to a party, I'm invited." Looking at the granny with a smile now. 'Which party now?' Granny is confused. "Today I met a friend and he told me about this party, on top of that he is a host, so everything is good." She says still scrolling the phone. 
He?
"Yes 'he'. It's not like I will be dating him, besides, he have his own beautiful girlfriend and I think she is more top than I am. So I doubt he is even interested at being my man." Same time the smile disappears and stops scrolling the phone. Only starring at it. 'A party Lisa!' Granny asks worried but Lisa is quiet for instant, gazing her phone like watching something.
Lisa!
'Sorry' She awakes. "Yes a party, maybe I will meet other man and forget about Will." She says taking an empty glass from the table to fill it with more juice. "Come on Lisa your life is always about males, you need to lie down a little, enjoy your loneliness and forget about them." Granny complains as she is standing.
"I love him granny, so it's not that easy to just forget about him, I need something like partying, having new boyfriend and so on, so that he can be out for good, not crying for months, I don't want that." Lisa shouts from the kitchen.
'Crying is not bad. At least find a female friend, spend time together and talk about your problems instead of an alcohol or men' Granny shout back and still on the couch. "A female friend?" Lisa exclaims while coming with two glass and loaded jar on a tray. 'Yes, there is nothing wrong on doing that.'
"There is granny, right now I don't need to be judge, especially by strangers, its fine to be judged by you. You know me and maybe you've been where I am before, not some girls who know nothing, only judging." She says pouring the juice and moves back to the couch. 'Lisa, you need a friend, I'm now old. Sometimes I will bore you with my help, who knows maybe you can find a good friend who won't judge.' Granny says pouring her juice too.
'No, I will be sure she never dated Will before, so she would know nothing about him. She can't give an advice if that the case.' 
Come on Lisa, do you want his ex girlfriend now?
No, I didn't mean that, but right now I don't need a friend, especially as this Will thing. Besides, I already found a solution to fix this.
"Are you fixing by partying?"
'Yes darling and having a great man such as........ No never mind about that' Blocking herself from continuing. "Such as who... Wait don't tell me that you already in love with that man." Same time granny putting the glass down. 'No! Come on granny, it's not like that.... And to tell the truth, there is nothing wrong with doing that.' She says putting the glass down too and pick the book again.
"Lisa can you please stop, how about you stay single for once, because you can see how man does to you. Forget about Will and that man of yours." Granny says irritated now. 'Oh granny it's fine if I'm dating Erick but its disgust you when I want to date someone else? Granny I want nothing to do with that thing!' 
'Okay Lisa, whatever.' The old lady is tired now. 
"Yeah. Oh I forgot I need to pick a dress for the party, I sense that I will be facing top classes there, so I have to look great as them. "Same time putting the book down. "A dress?" Granny is surprised. 'Yes granny, I can't go there with pyjamas, I need to look fabulous' Lisa says standing.
'Lisa that's not a date, it's just a party, so there is no need for dressing too good' Granny says calmly, still upset. "No granny I have to I can't embarrassed myself" She responds as she is now marching to her room. Granny says nothing only looking at her. 
"How about this?" She says after some time entered her room. Coming with a black formal dress. Unfortunately the granny's attention is not even on her 'Granny, the dress!' She asks again
'Isn't that too formal, I don't think you should wear that, but it's your decision' Granny says with a little looking then to the window again. "What's wrong with it granny, I think I look like a top class."
"Yes, you are, but only if you are going to some business meeting or funeral" Granny says still gazing at the window. Same time Lisa goes back to the room again.
'Okay, how about this one? I like it, it reminds me of my last party' Lisa says, coming with a short pinkie flowered dress, leaving all her thighs out. "What are you doing?" Granny asks looking at her. 'What now granny, it's beautiful right?' She asks turning around so that the granny can see everything.
"Are you invited as a stripper or what?" Same time moving close to her. "No come on, granny this is a right dress and I love it. All men eyes will be on me" Lisa responds turning around again. 'Okay, then what? You think you will find a right man with this?' Granny asks pointing it with the whole hand.
But granny I......
'Stop! If you still need my opinion you will get inside your room and come out with something better, not this.' Granny interrupts pointing it again. Same time she goes back again disappointed this time
"Okay, what about his one again? If you say it's bad, then I'll have to go there naked because I have nothing else in my closet now." Lisa says now coming with a short red vividly dress.
What?
"What now, granny?" Lisa says looking at the dress again.
'You have some nerves, to go to your room and come out wearing that thing. Where did you get it, I've never seen you on it.' Granny says laughing a little. "Come on granny, stop laughing, this dress is not that bad, it's just that......" Not knowing how to explain it only looking it behind and front. "It's obvious you didn't take you time to look at it, so tell me now what do you see?' Granny laughing again
'But I have nothing else left.' Lisa responds disappointed, looking at her. "I think you should forget about looking fabulous you want and go simple. Yes if you want people eyes on you with that thing, you will get it but for the wrong reason. So I advise you to get inside your room and comes out with something else, try simple this time." Granny says laughing pointing the dress again.
What do mean you by simple?
Dress you usually clothes, I am sure you will get the man you want, not this.
Come on granny, I will be facing too advanced woman there. What will they say if they see me like that?
"What do you think they will say if they see you like this? Besides you look great on your usually clothes, its better even pyjamas than this." Granny says turning away to the window again. 'Granny are you sure that's the right plan, because I don't want to fight there' She asks as she is on the window.
'Lisa, stop asking and take off that thing, it's disgusting. And please every time you go to a party stop planning and go simple.' Granny says not even looking at her. "Thank you" Lisa responds, same time entering her bedroom to change. "So what do you think I should do with this dress" Lisa asks coming back with the dress on her hand still looking it like it new. But granny says nothing only looking outside
Granny!
"I heard you, I think you should throw that away or just give it charity, or.... I don't know." Granny responds not turning. 'Are you alright?' She asks moving close to her, looking outside as her. "Why do you have to go to that party?" Granny asking calmly, still keeping her eyes direction.
Come on granny, you and I know very well that I have to do it.
"No, you know, not me" Granny responds fast. 'Granny I'm sorry but this is how I will get Will out of my head, and......' The phone intervenes. Same time she stops talking walking to it. "What is it?" Granny asks moving to her now.
'Yes!' Here are the details and I'm a special guest, can you imagine!'
Wow!
CHAPTER 14

In the morning, an unknown call wakes her.
"Who is this, calling at this time?" Lisa asks and she is little asleep. 
Come on Lisa it's me, Will. How are you doing?
'It's Will?' Same time taking the blanket away and sits.
"Yes, why are you asking, don't you have my number?" But Lisa is quiet for a moment
Lisa!
'Oh sorry I didn't check a name, maybe it's just that it's too early, I am not awake'
Okay how did you sleep my angel?
"I slept well, but can you call after thirty minutes because right now, there is something I have to do"
'What's that my angel, because it's still early to....' As he is still talking Lisa drops a call.
'He thinks I'm his puppet or his child where he can come and go as he wishes. Well he is wrong, I'm not that kind of a girl' Lisa utters alone in her room. She is tries to sleep again but she can't, still angry, and decide to visit the granny. Luckily she is awake too.
'I thought you were going to wake later than this. Plus you are even going to the party' Granny says busy preparing a breakfast. "Oh, I can't sleep anymore and I don't know why." Responding not even looking at her, only marches to a sink. 'Okay but you seem down, is everything okay?' Grandma asks, leaving everything and give all the attention to her.
"There is nothing wrong, I'm fine, it's just that I woke earlier than usually but I will be fine" She says now marches to the chair holding a glass of water 'Okay sleep at least an hour' Granny says turning away to the table, same time Lisa fell glass down mistakenly and its breaks.
'Lisa!' Granny shouts moving to her. "I'm sorry granny, I will clean it" Lisa says searching for a broom.
Lisa what's wrong? Yesterday before sleeping you were happy and now you like this! Is the party still on?
"There is nothing wrong granny, and the party is still on. I told you that it's just that I woke earlier than usually." Lisa responds not even looking at her only looking where the broom is situated. 'Lisa, that's not possible, there is something wrong, tell me what is it!' Granny now asking and the voice is higher. Lisa just ignores her coming with a broom, same time granny move to her way showing she needs an answer now.
'Okay there is something wrong but I will be fine, I don't want to talk about it, now please I want clean that thing' Lisa says pointing at the pieces, but granny says nothing continues standing in front. "What now, you want the details?" She continues as the granny is still on the way looking at her.
"Okay, you won. He called." Lisa responds marching to another side. 'Who called?' The grandmother asks following her. "Come on granny, Will called this morning!" She says passing to the broken glass.
You must be joking, what did that thing want, you didn't speak with him, right?
We spoke but I.......
Come on Lisa how can you even speak with that man, you still want him back?
'Of course not granny, how can you even think that?' Lisa asks leaving the dustpan down just to shout at her. "If not, then why you still have his number?" Granny asks faster.
"I don't have his number; I took a call because I didn't know it was him" She responds, same time falling down to broom the glasses. 'Okay, but you'll have to give your phone to me, so that I can tell him to back off.' Granny says, same time turning to the table again, continuing preparing their breakfast.
'I'm sorry granny but I need a phone tonight' Lisa responds walking to the dust beam. "Its fine, you can take mine instead"
Come on granny, yours!
"Yes mine, there is nothing wrong with this phone." Granny replies taking it out and give it to her. Lisa looks at it for a moment, turning it upside down. 'I'm sorry granny I can take it. Relax about Will; I will handle him, besides I won't take his call again.' Lisa responds giving the phone back, surprisingly granny just looks at it and continues with what she is doing. Lisa doesn't have a time for begging, same; she leaves it on the table besides her and goes to the sitting room to clean.
At the sunset, Lisa comes off from her bedroom. "Granny, were you serious about dressing like this?" Lisa asks after spending many minutes, preparing for the journey. Coming with her usually red dress which covers all her legs and so tight to her. 
"Look at you my girl, you look stunning. I don't see a need of putting expensive clothes here; you are great in this one. Turn around a little so that I can see." Granny asks smiling. 'Come on granny, this s not stunning. It's just dress, nothing is special about it' Lisa says smiling too looking at it side to side, turning around and around like it's a new dress.
'You are so beautiful, this dress is great, I don't remember buying it for you. And why you didn't show it yesterday?' Granny continues, even standing up and moves close to her. As she is coming Lisa is looking at her and the dress again and again. Before even saying something, she just hugs her. "Thank you granny, I don't know what I would've done without you" After a hug she looks at the dress again. 'You look great my dear' Granny says looking and smiling to her.
"Okay thanks, but now I have to go, I don't want to be late" Lisa says going back to her room to fetch her bag and come off again with endless smile till she exits. 'Bye granny!' She says as about to reach the door and granny says nothing only following her. "Take care!' She screams as she is now outside. 'Thank you!'
She is nervous a little, knowing for sure that she will be facing top people there.
'You are welcome!' Says the gate man, opening the gate for her. There is a big house ahead; loud music from it and it's crowded. "Wait, who are you? Are you invited?" The muscle man in front of the door asks. 'Where is an invitational card?' He continues keeping an empty handed to receive it. 
I don't have it, the person who is.......
"Stop! You don't have a card, then you are not welcomed here." The muscle man says continuing checking for others who are entering. Lisa just let the others enters by just standing in the side till they are none left. 'Sir here is a massage saying.......'

'Young lady I told you that you can't enter without a card, I don't care about your massage' The muscle man says turning away as about to enter too. "Look please" Lisa giving him the phone but muscle man doesn't even bother himself for looking. 
"Hey Jason, I have a problem here, do you know this woman?" Now he is asking some young man, attractive though, standing with a squad of women inside. 
'No, I don't know her, maybe she's lost!' Jason says back, continuing talking with his squad. "I am Lisa and......" 
Young lady please shut up, I'm not talking with you, If you don't have a card, then you have no right to talk. Jason, call Rob inside, maybe he can deal with this better.
"Come on, you know how busy he is, deal with it for yourself." Jason says and continues talking with his squad. 'Jason I said go inside and ask Rob to come!' He shouts, Jason never say a word after that, only goes inside. Fortunately Rob is not that busy, so he manages to come.
'Is everything okay here guys?' Rob asks without even looking at the guest. "Rob, I think this woman doesn't know where she going so please talk with her......."
'Oh Lisa! Wow, I didn't expect that dress, but you look great after all. I like the way you are dressed' Rob says and Lisa is relieved. "You can come in" Rob says holding her hand. 'Come on Rob, you know her, is she alright?' Jason asks, muscle man as well as the squad laughs. 
"Jason, mind your own business please!" Rob says, at that time Lisa wishes to even respond for herself but she doesn't want troubles. She is surprised how all women are dressed inside. They are all in red or white, she is the only difference. 'Oh I m sorry I didn't tell you the theme but you look amazing in that dress.' Rob says still holding her hand to find the table.
Every woman they come across with, look her ups and down. "Pelly, please can I pass." Rob says to some top lady who is in their way, blocking them. 'Going where, who is she now?' Looking at them and she is still on their way. "That's none of your business Pelly, just get off!' Rob says again touching her as to push.
'No I won't, without telling me who is this thing' The lady says pushing his hand off her. At that time Rob is busy looking for another way and Lisa is frustrated looking at her. Unfortunately Rob can't find another way. "Okay Pelly, this is Lisa, can we pass now?" Rob responding touching her again as she is now looking elsewhere but still in the way.
"No, what is she doing here?" She asks again, now turning direct to them. 'Come Pelly, that's none of your business, jut get away!' Rob now looking frustrated, pushing her away. "Let's go Lisa" He continues as the lady is busy trying to stand. 'Rob look, what you've done now! Who is her?' The lady asks. 
'Pelly, I told you this is Lisa!' Rob turning to her again. "Why is she here?" 
'Pelly, just leave me alone, what is wrong with you?' He says leaving her behind, pulling Lisa with the other hand. At that time Lisa is still quiet, only looking at him. "Here is a table where you can sit. This is Angy as well as Getty, Jason's girlfriend." Rob says pointing at two girls in the table. They dressed well and you can see that their clothes are expensive.
"Her dress is great but I think, it's on the wrong place" Angy sighing at Getty looking at her as they come towards. 'What's wrong, what are laughing at?' Rob asks looking annoyed. "Relax, we were just talking, nothing is wrong. Oh you must be Lisa right?"
Yes I'm Lisa
"Okay Lisa welcome, what is your favourite drink?" Angy asks smiling and embraces her. During that period, immediately Lisa sees the woman who was meeting Rob last day in the restaurant. She stares at her, forgetting to even answer Angy's question. 
Lisa!
"Yes" Responding quickly turning to her. 'Let her dream Angy, maybe she thinks she is in heaven.' Says Getty and laughs again. 'Stop it guys, Lisa are you okay?'
Yes I am okay.
'Cool. Guys will you please excuse me I have to go to her' Rob says pointing at the woman. "Please guys treat her. You can sit down Lisa, I will be back and they will give anything you want." Rob says and leaves. Lisa is still gazing at the woman. 'Okay, Lisa what would you drink?' Angy asks again and she is already standing.
"Maybe a whiskey is better" Lisa says continuing look at Rob and the woman. Angy gets that but still confused. 'Okay are you married' Getty asks as Angy is now away. "Of cause not, I still live with my granny" Now turning to her.
'Are you?
No darling, marriage is another page for me.
"That's great I think you need to be ready first, you know how men are" She responds, not stopping starring. 'Are they?' She continues showing her Rob and the woman, but not clearly' 'Who, I......'
'Here is your whiskey Lisa and yours Getty' Lisa interrupts giving them shots. "Thanks Angy, who are those Lisa?" Getty asks. But she is now ashamed of saying. 'Oh never mind, it's not necessary.' Lisa says drinking her shots "What did she say Getty, am I missing something?" Angy asks confused.
No we were just talking about the marriage and can you.....
"Oh come on guys, seriously, is that our topic for today?" Angy intervene sitting opposite Lisa. 'What about you tell us about your men, how many are they?' She continues.
'Come on Angy I only have one man.' She quickly responds "One!" They both exclaims looking at her. 'Yeah I have one man guys and I don't want more, men are trouble' She respond taking another shot. "Oh come on Lisa! Getty we need to find another three for her at least so that she can balance." 
"Three!"
Yes that's nothing and relax you will enjoy having them. I can even take six but I can't, I have full tank now.
No I can't.
"Relax, it's not that hard, some men are lucky Getty, look how beautiful is she to have one man. Before we continue, tell us; who is that lucky man?" Angy asks moving her head close. 'No come on guys, there is no need for that.' Lisa responds nervously but smiling a little. 'Please Lisa, only a name' Getty insists.
No I can't, why you need it
"Come on Lisa. Okay you can say it down, no one will hear us." Angy moving more close now to listen, pulling Getty too. Lisa pauses for a moment looking at them smiling but they say nothing only looking at her. 'Come on guys, okay the name is Will, That's it, that the end.' Lisa says moving her head away from them. She is surprised because they are still close.
'Come on Lisa, you won't end there right?' Getty looking at her.
What now guys?
"We need a surname too Lisa, we don't even know which Will you are talking about" Getty asks still with their head close to her. She is the only one who is up. 'No guys I've already told you a name.' She responds laughing, but again they say nothing, only looking at her. "This is not fair guys, okay he is Wilson Brown." Lisa says pushing them away now.
'Wait did you say Wilson Brown?' Angy asks looking at her hen to Getty. "Yes, what's wrong with that, you know him?" 
The one that driving that black Ferrari car?
"Yeah that's my man" Responding with confidence. 'He has a beautiful car though.' Getty says but seems not interested. "Wait Getty, isn't he married now?" Angy asking Getty, at that time her shot is still on his hand. 'Yes, he is but he is still a jerk, I don't know how his wife still with him.' Getty responds looking at other table, avoiding eye contacts with Lisa. "You know, he is 5 years married and has two kids, a young boy and older girl, right?" Angy asks.
'Yes he told me but you know how love is, sometimes its stupid. Can I get another glass please?' She responds giving them an empty shot. "Come on girl, you don't have to go that fast, we still have the whole night" says Getty finishing her first shot. 'Angy I think you should give her what she want.' Says Getty, same time goes for the whole bottle avoiding always going for shots.
"Here is another one" Angy says pouring for her in a shot. 'What's this?' She asks unexpectedly. "Please put more here, not this thing, I'm here to party not in some business." She says same time drinking the shot and takes the big glass close to her. 'Okay, here is your glass' Angy says giving her a half glass. But same time she drinks it all and asks for another one within seconds. 
'I think you need to slow down a little, remember, we have the whole night' Getty, trying to take the glass from her. "I don't care about that, will you do it or should I do it myself?" Same time Getty takes the glass and pours for her. But Lisa surprises them by doing the same thing again.
I'm sorry Lisa, but I think that's enough now.
What enough, Rob said you will give me anything I want, so please give me a whisky.
"Getty give her, that's what she want. Okay Lisa I think it's time to pour it yourself" Angy says bringing the whole bottle near her. 'Thank you Angy, now you are talking' Lisa says grasping a bottle, pouring a glass more than they were doing for her. 'That's enough Lisa, this is whisky, you will kill yourself!' Getty says as she is now not stopping pouring.
Lisa, ignores her, surprisingly, drinks the whole glass same time. "I think I can stay with Lisa, she is that kind of a girl I like." Angy says, trying to take out the phone for video. 'What are you doing?' Getty asks as she is pointing the phone to Lisa. "Come on Getty, we need this video, it will be useful tomorrow." She responds trying to look for the camera. At that time Lisa is busy pouring another full glass.
'No we don't, that's against the rules, videos are not allowed.' Getty says taking the phone harshly. "Lisa slow down, it's enough now!" Getty says trying to take a glass too but Lisa moves the hand. 'What are you doing?' Lisa shouts, pushing Getty's hand away. "I left my parent home, so I don't expect another one here." She says drinking her glass, all of it same time again.
"Come on Angy, help, why are you sitting there laughing? Show being useful please" But Angy continues laughing as if watching a movie. Instead she tries to reach the bottle but unfortunately it's far. 'Can you please pass me a bottle?' She says, giving a hand to receive it. 
What?
'I want a bottle my glass is empty now." She says now raising the voice. 'Is that all help you can give, look how she is now.' Getty pointing at Lisa who is again pouring another whiskey but half, not a glass now. "And please Getty pass my phone too" Angy continues.
"Take a bottle Angy, we can't be controlled by her, busy playing a mommy role here!" Lisa says passing the bottle. 'Maybe I need another hand here' Getty says trying to block the bottle but is too late because it's now on her hand. "What are you doing now Getty?" Angy asks harshly and pours for herself.
'Is that enough, I think you need to add a little. Remember we are not married, so we are free to do anything we want!' She says loudly. "Shame on Will who is married." She continues, same time standing. 'You know what; that man is a jerk; Two children! That's a lot' She continues drinking her half glass, but not all of it.
"Yes, he is, Getty pass my phone now please'
No Angy ...Oh! Rob I think we have a problem here.
'What is it?' Rob turning to them. "Rob relax, we are fine she is just overeating. You can go and have fun with you woman" Lisa intervening.
"Okay, that's better, behave yourself please" Rob says and turn away again. 
'Oh, Rob! I want to tell you something.' Lisa says running to him as he's few steps away from them now. And they both follow, trying to reach her. "Rob I am not here for a party, I am here to tell you that I love you" 
"What!" All exclaims 

CHAPTER 15

'What? Yes I love him.' Lisa says shy less and Rob is out of word for a moment, don't know which action or what to say. 
"Rob please stop entertaining these girls, someone is here for you." Pelly interrupting, grasping and dragging him. 'Who is that' Rob asks surprised but following. "And then Pelly, what are doing?" Angy shouting at her but she is already far with him.
Lisa!
'Yes darling!' Respond quickly, now turning to her. "Are you alright?" Getty asks. 'Of cause I am, don't mind about them, he will be back." Lisa says, same time marches to the table. 'No, I'm not talking about him, I am talking about you. It seems as if you had too much now.' Getty says following her.
"Here you come again Getty, please loosen up!" Lisa says, not stopping, continuing to the table. 'No it's just......'
'Save it!' Lisa intervening 
'That was weird, but you rock girl! It's nice having you here than listening to mom Getty busy preaching me.' Angy says following them but at the same time trying to reach Lisa. "What?" Getty asks and stops in front of her. 'I am sorry my friend but you sometimes bore us.' She responds trying to find another way.
'Sometimes I have to, because you act childish.' Getty says still standing in front of her. "That's better because I......."
"Wait guys what are doing now? Do you think that's the way? Is this what always happens between you two!" Lisa interrupts and moves back to them. 'No but she always act like a child!' Getty says moving closely to her. "What did you say?" She asks moving close too.
'Guys, guys come on what's wrong with you? Continue fighting, I will leave you and come back when you done. I don't have time to watch children.' 
It's just that.....
"Shut up! And stop this nonsense! Let take a sit." she says and sits first. They follow and sit but still looking to each other. Everyone is quiet as they are down. 'Is this how we will spend night?' Lisa asks, taking the glass near Getty. "What do you mean?" Getty turning to her confused.
'We will be quiet like this?' She responds "No I think we are fine now" Angy says taking the glass for a shot. "Just like that?" Lisa asks looking both of them showing that he was expecting more. 'What's wrong?' Getty asks as she is looking at them. "Shake hands" Lisa says immediately opening a closed bottle.
"She should go first, she is the one started, by calling me irresponsible." Angy says looking elsewhere. 'Maybe she is right, you are irresponsible' 
What?
Yes thank you Lisa, you are.......
"I didn't expect that from you" Lisa intervening. 'Yes she thinks she....'
'Shut up and shake hands!' Lisa says and watches. "I'm waiting for you, stop starring me!" 
"Okay. I m sorry Angy for what I said." Getty says and finally they do it. 'Thank you but Getty I need you to drink this glass to show us that you really apologise and forgive her.' Lisa says pouring a full glass of whiskey. "Wait, what did you say?" Getty asks
'And you too Angy, give me that so that I can add on that.' Lisa says, taking the glass from her. "You are joking, right?" Getty says, not even interested on lifting it. She is only looking at it from the table. 'She must be mad, how can I drink this same time?' Angy complains as Lisa is busy pouring for her. Getty is still looking at it.
"Then, who goes first? I think you should do it at same time" Lisa says and they don't do anything, only looking at it. 'Take it.' Lisa continues. Angy wait some moment and then takes it, smiling looking at it.
'Yeah thanks Angy, let me tell you something; since I came here I noticed something; you like taking risk, you also like shaking things a little bit. So I know you will do this.' Lisa says but Angy is still looking at it, moving it to the mouth then backwards.
"You won't do it right?" Getty asks. 'I don't know maybe we should just do it.' She responds turning to her, smiling. 'Go Angy, you won't die' Lisa boosting her. Angy just closes the noise and drink it all at the same time but struggles. As about to finishes she takes a break.
'You can relax if you feel so' Lisa says, but Angy goes to it again without talking and finishes. "I need water" She says same time putting the glass down and marches to the kitchen. 
"Okay Angy. Look she is still alive" Lisa to Getty. 'It's your chance now.' She continues. "You must be mad, didn't you see her. After even that, you expect me to do it too!" Getty responds pushing the glass away from her. 'This was her first time, what happened was possible.'
No I won't!
'Okay Getty, I don't need you to drink it, but I'm asking you to take the glass' Lisa says moving it back to her again. "What is the use of taking it if I won't do anything?" She says still folding her hand. 'Just take I will tell you something.' And after few moment she just take it but at same time denying, looking at it.
"Great, do you feel that mass?"
Yes it's heavier than I usually take.
"Do you mean you've never lifted full glass of whiskey in your life?" Lisa exclaims. 'No.' Responding thinking even to put it down. "No, no, no. What are doing? It yours, hold it." Lisa says 
'And let me tell you another thing, since I came here, I found that you are the lady, which doesn't want to fail. You are a leader by the way, so a leader always goes first. You are the one who should be taking risks first.' Lisa praising.
"Okay, its fine, it happened this time, Angy went first but I don't think you will allow it again. Be a leader!" Lisa continues. Same time Getty drinks all the whiskey. 'Done!' She says after drinking, although she also shows that, it's not sweet. The face makes it all obvious. 
'Wow! That was quick.' Lisa says. "It's nothing that much, you see." Lisa says appreciating. Same time Angy comes back with another bottle. 'Here is another, but before we forget, please Lisa tell us about you and Will.' Angy says putting the alcohol in another side, paying all the attention to her.
"No Angy I will tell that in the morning." Lisa says pulling the bottle close. 'Come on Lisa do you want us to take another one again?' Angy complains as she takes the glass which is close to her. "Obvious no, but I will take it" Lisa says opening and pours for herself. 
'Okay, do you really want that man?' Getty asks after long time silent. "Which man now?"
"Come on, Lisa you know she meant Rob." Angy says taking another glass and pours a half for herself too. 'Come on guys; let's talk about it in the morning.' Responding running away from the question. And immediately swallowing the whiskey.
'No, no morning, we need it right now' Getty says taking the glass from her and pours a full glass again. "Okay, okay, I think he is attractive. But I don't think love him, I have my man.'
"Which man are you talking about, Will?" Getty asks lifting her full glass and drinks it all same time again. 'Wow Getty, that was great! But you need to slow down a little.' Angy says and Getty is now little dizzy. "Are you alright?" Lisa asks as she is starring at her.
'I'm okay, do you really love Rob?' She mumbles struggling to even open the eyes. Angy full the glass too as if it a competition now. "What are doing Angy" Lisa asks but Angy says nothing instead drinking the whole glass too faster this time than the last one.
She is now trying to pour another one again but it looks like she will end the whole bottle on the table instead. 'Let me do it for you' Lisa says taking the bottle. "Where did you get all that energy guys?" She asks as she is now pouring for her.
'I don't know.'
"Here is your glass, you can take now" Lisa says pushing it close to her, but Angy ignore her only looking at it and laughs. 'Take your glass.' Lisa continues and she move the hand close as about to take but the hand just hold it like it's now heavier. 
'Look at Getty' She says pointing at her. Getty is now asleep. 
Getty!" Lisa calls
'Getty!' Angy calls after her but Getty is too asleep to hear them. 'She can't hear us!' They both say and laugh. Fortunately Rob is suspecting something as he is moving through them. 'Are you alright?' He asks moving close to them accompanied by Jayson. "What happened to her?" shaking Getty but she is too much asleep.
"Is that a whiskey?" Jason interferes, pointing at the full glass in front of Angy. 'What happened to my Getty? Getty!' He calls shaking her too. But she just wakes up, looks at them without saying anything.
'Are you alright my love?' Jason asks, but instead Getty just closes her eyes again. "Leave her alone, she is asleep, can't you see?" Lisa says taking him off from her, harshly. 'Hey leave me alone, who are you? Rob do you see what your guest done to my Getty?' He says. "I knew from the start that there is something wrong with her." Jayson continues, pointing at her as disgusted
"What did you say?" Lisa asking and stand as about to fight him but unfortunately, she can't stand for herself anymore. She falls down on the couch before he even touches her. 'Look what you done now, Jason please leave us.' Angy says taking the glass and now sipping.
'Shut up!' Says Jayson. "How can you allow a stranger to do this to you? Hey wake up and get out of here!" Now waking Lisa who is asleep too. And Angy is just busy looking at them still holding the glass. Immediately Jason takes it roughly from her. Rob is doing nothing only laughing at him. 
'Angy!' He calls but Angy doesn't have time for him only mumbling alone. "What are you laughing at Rob, look at them, how can I take Getty if she is like this?" He asks; at the same time busy shaking Angy.
Seriously, you wanted to go with her?
"Ye I always do that, but today because of your girl, I won't, I'll go to my house" Jason says turning to him. 'I think you should leave them here, she will go tomorrow' Rob comments and Angy is now asleep too.
'I think we should take them, in another room' Rob says looking at them. "This is all your fault, if it weren't for your girl, none of this would have happened. " He complains while they are taking them. 'I think we need to take her out of the house and leave her like that, she will see for herself.' Still complaining.
"But I like her, in my life I've never seen Getty drunk like this. That means she enjoyed her company" Rob says as they are now taking Getty. 'There is nothing good here, she almost killed them. Maybe if we didn't come she was going to do something bad.' Jason says 
Come on Jason, she is not that harmful
'No, I don't like her!' Jayson shout but Rob says nothing. "Let's take her out side" Jason says kicking her legs. 'Come on Jason, are you drunk?' Rob asks pushing him away. "Stop it, come and help me take her to the room" Rob says waiting for him to come, fortunately he helps but showing that he don't like it. 'I am doing it because I respect you' he says while they enter the room.
"Rob, where is Angy, I need something from her." Pelly asks as they are now outside to locking the room. 'Wow, Rob, where did you find this thing, look at her' She say moving inside. "Is this Getty, what have you done to her? This is unlike her. 
'What do you want Pelly?' Rob asks entering, and Jason prefers standing outside, still angry. "I am here for Angy Rob, what else would I want? Angy, Angy!" Trying to wake her. 'She is asleep can't you see that?' Rob dragging the door as about to close it, even though she is still inside. "Come on she must wake up. I've found a great man for her. Come on Angy, wake up!" But Angy is too asleep to hear her.
"You know what, I've never seen my friend drunk like this" Pelly complaining. 'Okay, you can leave now.' Rob showing her the way out. "I hate this girl!" She says pointing at Lisa immediately exiting a house. 'Come and help me here I need a favour from both of you.' She continues as Rob is closing the door.
In the morning, Getty wakes first just to drink the water. And also bring some for her friends too. "Angy!" Getty shaking her, luckily she wakes. 'Yes, I'm awake, can I get water please.' She says looking at Lisa who is still looking like sleeping. "Wow, what a night!" Getty says and sits beside her. 
"Come on Getty we saw nothing, I've never been drunk like that in my life" Angy says, drinking the water. 'But before we go any further, Lisa still owes us' Getty say looking at her too from other bed. 'Let me wake her'
'I am already awake!' Lisa says before she even comes to her. "What do I owe you?" She asks getting off the bed to get dress. "You really meant what you said to Rob?" Angy asks getting off the bed too. 
'Come on guys, not again' Lisa complains while bedding
"No tell us, there is nothing wrong in loving someone, maybe we can even help you." They are bedding too but Lisa ignores only continuing with bedding even while the bed is already fine. The house is quiet for a moment.
'What?' She asks while they are looking at her, again they don't talk only starring at her. "Okay, okay guys I like him." 
You like?
Come on.... I meant I love him.
'I think you need to tell him again but sober this time' Getty says now cleaning the house. 'Come on guys, that.......'
"Morning ladies, how did you sleep?" Rob interrupts opening the door without knocking. As he is inside, no one is talking; they are only looking at him.
'I'm sorry to budge in like this, I should have knocked first.' Rob says looking at them. Again they are still quiet and turn to Lisa now. 
"Okay, I'm sorry, I think I came at the wrong time, I will be back in other time." He says now moving back to exits. 
'Rob!' Lisa calls, moving close to her friends, and Rob is looking her. "What I want to say is, I meant what I said last night" Pausing looking at her friends who are still starring at her. 'I love you Rob'

CHAPTER 16

"Getty come with me, there is something we need to fix" Angy says and Getty follows her without debating. 'I will go with you' Lisa says trying to follow too. "No we will be fine and we will call you if we need another hand." Angy says while exiting. The house is quiet now. Rob is just shocked looking at her.
"I'm sorry Rob I know that there is someone and I am not saying we should be a couple. I was just saying what I feel." Lisa says moving back as about to follow them. Now lengthening the distance between them.
'There is no need to say anything, I already know her. And please don't mind it, I don't want to be trouble between you two.' Lisa says, now she is sitting in the bed, avoiding the eye contact. "Which girl?" Rob asks now moving a little close.
"Come on Rob I know her, there is no need for denying" She says as if she sees now that he is slowly moving close she, also do a little movement but still sitting. 'No Lisa I don't know what you talking about' He says, now stopping.
'I am talking about that girl of yours; you were waiting for at the restaurant. And yesterday I also saw you.' Lisa says. Rob just laughs at her. "Why are you laughing now? Because I'm speaking the truth, I wasn't that drunk during that time." She is confused now looking at him for the first time.
Lisa that's my sister.
What?
"Yes she is my sister and we organised this party together" He says moving fast to sit next to her. She now has no other choice but to stay with him. 'In the restaurant!' She exclaims. "Yes we had to. Come on she is my sister and she doesn't stay in this country. So I needed some time out with her." Rob says still looking down and she also don't want the eyes to catch each other.
'Okay, I thought you were a couple' She responds now looking forward. But Rob says nothing only looking at her. "Even if it's like that, I know that you have someone else." She says immediately standing up and stand near the window. 
"Unfortunately I don't but I am wishing some day to get someone I will share my life with." He says still looking at her even while she's far. 'Enough about me, what about you, and what are you doing in life; working, studying or boss of your own?' He continues.
'A boss of my own! Are you kidding?' Lisa exclaims turning the head to him. "You look like one of them, its suit you." Rob says smiling and eyes now contacting each other for the first time since entering. 'Come on, I don't think I will be that thing' She says turning to the window again but smiling.
Why not, do you doubt yourself?
'I have nothing, so I don't see myself as a boss.' She says turning to him while speaking but after that she turns to the window smiling. "No there is nothing like that, we all start somewhere. Are you a student, right?" Rob asks taking her phone she left mistakenly on the couch.
"Yes I am and I struggled with fees but now everything is starting to get somewhere" She respond now looking at the phone which is on his hand as if the truth is inside the phone. 'How many years left, three, one or......?' He asks and put the phone down.

'Only two, including this one. But enough about me now, it's your turn. What are you currently doing?' She is relieved as the phone is down. "Oh I'm just a manager for the small company" He responds and the time he is explaining, Lisa is looking at him but as he finishes, she just turn away again.
"Wow a manager! That's another level compared to me" Lisa says smiling looking at the window, wishing to turn back again but now scared of being catched. 'Come on Lisa you are studying, some day you will be something more than a manager.' 
Which day? Maybe that day won't reach me, you know hard to find even if you have your degree.
"But you look smart and good hearted and if someone like you can come in my office asking for a job I can hire her immediately without even an interview." Rob says standing and moves close to her. 'Come Rob, stop teasing, there are many beautiful girls there who are more beautiful and have more than three certificates than I am but they are still looking for a job.' Lisa says still looking at the window but still feeling his steps as he comes.
'Rob! Come here I need your help' Jason interrupt, only showing the face from the door. "Come on Jason, sometimes you need to knock and greet!" Rob says now turning to him and Lisa immediately marches to the bed and take the phone just to put it on silence. 'I'm sorry but I can't greet someone like her, she doesn't deserve it' Jason says now entering pointing at her.
'Wait Jason, what's wrong with you, what did she do to you? Yesterday you did this and you  still doing it. You are starting to irritate me now.' Rob says now moving to sit in another bed. "Do you expect me to greet this woman after what she done to my Getty? That won't happen."
"Jason, Getty is old enough to make her own decisions. So she was drunk because she wanted to, Lisa didn't force her."
'No Rob its okay, you don't have to fight for me that was my fault, If I wasn't here, she wouldn't be like that, so I'm sorry Jason it won't happen again.' Lisa interfering moving close to them too. "No Lisa it's not your fault, he is just...."
'It's mine Rob' Lisa intervening again. "That good because you see your fault, I hope you leant your lesson but I won't allow you be with her again!" Jason pointing at her face. 'Come on Jason what are you doing now? You sad you want me to help you, so let's go I will help because now you are starting your madness.' Rob says pushing his hand off her face and pulls him out.
*****
I hate this man. I don't know why he hates me like this
******
"Hey girl, how was his lips?" Angy says while entering, as Lisa is busy looking outside with a window. 'Come on Angy, why can't you knock, firstly; Rob, Jason and now you!' Lisa exclaims.
'No why should I knock? I won't do anything anyway' Angy says closing the door. "Okay let's forget about that, you kissed him right?" Angy continues, excited. 'No Angy are you mad?' Lisa turning to her.
You are lying you did it
"Stop it Angy!" Lisa says smiling now looking at her. 'We didn't, even if I wanted, what if he denies while trying starting it?' Lisa says
He won't deny it if you play your card well. But let again forget about the kiss, when is the marriage?
"What marriage now?" Lisa is confused. 'Marriage between you two' Angy responds and immediately her phone blinks. 'Are you talking about me and Rob?' Lisa asks.
'Yes I'm sure you are now a couple and I know there is a marriage next.' She says still taping her phone, reading a massage. "Hey guys, what's going on here?" Getty interrupts without knocking too. 'She already kissed him, I think they even done something more' She says putting her cell phone down again.
"What!" Lisa exclaims and they all laugh. 'Wow that great girl, but while we still there; Rob told me that he is going somewhere with my man Jason and he won't be early so he said go well if you are going. But he said he will call.' Getty explains
'Congratulation girl, he loves you' Angy says hugging her. "Wait Getty, is Jason your man?" Lisa asks taking her hands off her. "Yes, he is my hunny. Why are you asking?"
It's just that...... I don't find something interesting about him, why him girl?
"Okay guys enough about Jason, so Lisa what will happen between you and Will now?" Angy now changing a topic, realises that Getty won't be please by this. 'Yes what about him?' Getty pretending well. "Oh, he doesn't have to know about this" Lisa responds.

'Okay then, but you said you want a marriage, so between this two; which one do you want as your husband?' Getty asks. 
"Right now I don't know but I want it girls" Lisa says marching to sit in the bed again as Rob is no more here. 'I also need to bring that topic between me and Jason, even though I know that this can take us years.' Getty says following her.
'Come on Getty Jason!' Lisa exclaim while walking to the bed turning to her now.
Yes!
"Why him Getty, there are lot of men there better than him?" Lisa asks and still looking at her. On the other hand Angy is just cleaning the house a little, now preferring to not interfere again. 'No, I want my Jason, that all' Getty is now starting to get irritated. 
'Getty I think you don't know what you want, you said you want to wait a little till the God gives you a right man. Do you think it's him?' Lisa asks continuing marching and sits. "What's wrong with Jason?" Getty asks but looking at Angy who is now pretending as if she is not even in the house. 
"Jason is not good Getty; you deserve a man that will treat you as a wife. As I currently see, Jason is not that man, he's just a jerk." Lisa says.
'What did you say' Getty asks now turning to her, starting to move close to her again. "Come on girls stop it, she didn't mean it Getty" At last Angy is talking now but still far from them. 'Shut up Angy! Who the hell is she to judge my man?' Getty says looking at her.
Come on Getty stop you.....
"No! I won't stop; she needs to stop talking nonsense about my man" Now pointing at her as if she will slap her. Angy is now realising that the fight is going somewhere and decide to come closely. 'Getty please calm down!' Angy trying to stop her from pointing but Getty doesn't stop. "No, leave me alone! Oh I see now, you are doing this because you want me to stop talking about Will, you ex-boyfriend!" 
"What!" Lisa exclaims
'Yes, Will is her ex; we didn't tell you because we didn't want to hurt you' Now turning to her. "She was promised a marriage as you, but that was a lie. He left her, like nothing to continue with his lies to girls like you!" Her voice is now up.
What?
"Yes, who is a jerk now? Did he even call yesterday? I doubt" Getty continues and Lisa is just looking down disappointed. 
Why he have to call?
'I will take that as no. You know what; he is not in you anymore. Angy did the same hoping; he will get back to her. Did he? Unfortunately no, so I prefer Jason than him.' Getty talks, Angy is still looking down not even wanting eye contact with Lisa, who is just starring at her. "Getty, why are you doing this?" She asks still looking down now sitting on the near bed.
"What do you expect me to say; do you expect me to say he is a good man? No I won't do that. She deserves to know the truth so that she can change her bad attitude." Now pointing at Lisa who is still shocked. 'What, who have a bad attitude?' Lisa now responding and her voice is little raised.
You have a bad attitude, do I look blind?
'Guys! Guys, stop it!' Lisa says immediately standing and moves in the middle of them. "She said I have a bad attitude, maybe I need to show her what bad attitude is!" Lisa says pointing at her from the side.
Show me now!
"I said stop it! You are now acting like children, aren't you ashamed of yourself." Angy says looking at them both and they are now quiet looking at each other. 'Getty, what's wrong with you?' She continues, looking her.
Oh I'm the one who is wrong now?
'You are acting childish Getty!' Angy responding fast. "I am now acting childish? You know what I don't have time for this. I rather be out of here before I get a headache." Getty says immediately taking her bag and exits leaving them starring at her.
"Go away and never come back!" Lisa says as the door closing but Getty says nothing in return. 'What did you say, do you know that is my best friend who I spent years with. And now you come this happens. Anyway, why did you say that about Jason?" Angy now turning against her.
'I don't care about that, as far as I know, Jason is a jerk. She likes it or not and you know what I don't have time to listen to you busy complaining for your friend' Lisa says, taking her stuff too and exits
"Lisa" She shouts from behind but Lisa is too angry to respond.
'You know that girl called, Getty!' Lisa says to the grandmother before even greeting. "What? Who is Getty now" Granny asks turning the TV volume down. But Lisa just throws her bag on the couch then marches to the kitchen to drink some water.
"Lisa, what's wrong what happened?" Granny asks as she is coming back, holding a glass of water. 'I don't know who the hell she thinks she is. She thinks is better. Who is she to talk about Will like that?'
Will, was there?
'No granny but that crazy woman, called him with names. Saying that her man is better than mine, what's that?' She says continuing marching to the couch. "Her man is better! Who is him?" Granny is still confused.
"Its Jason, can you imagine granny, the worst man I've ever seen in my life. He even insulted me in front of my man" Lisa raising the TV volume now angry. 'In front of your man! Who is that, is that Will?' Granny turning the volume down again.
'Of cause not! I am talking about my new man Rob!' Lisa shouting to her granny and the granny face changes now showing disappointed. "I'm sorry granny it's just that, she irritate me." Lisa apologising. 
You know what you have to do?
What granny?
"You have to drink that water of yours just to calm down and tell me everything" Granny advises. Fortunately she listens to the granny and tells her the whole story.
'Okay but before we go any further I need you to forget about Will. Do you still love him?' Granny asks
I don't know but what I know is that I don't want even single person talk nonsense about him
"Okay do you love your new man or he is just a distraction?" Granny asks now turning into a cop. 'I won't lie at first I saw him as a distracter. Yes I loved him but not as much as I loved Will. But talking with him face to face for a second time made me love him more.' Lisa explains, but while explaining the phone rings.
'Let me take it, maybe it Will' Granny says showing a hand to receive it "Its not him and I don't know this number but I will take it" 
Hello who is this?
"It's me Getty. Lets meet tomorrow, we need to talk, I will send you the details" Immediately a call is dropped.
'What do you want...? Hello, hello!' Not realising that she no more in the phone.
What is that?
"That bustard closed the phone, she only said; she wants us to meet and I don't know what for?"
'What?'

CHAPTER 17

"She want us to meet and I don't know why, but I will go because if I don't, she will think that I'm scared of her." She says throwing a phone on a couch. 'Maybe she just wants to apologise' Granny says turning the volume up, putting her attention to the TV again. "If that the case, why she closed the phone before I even respond, she is just rude granny." Lisa joining her to the couch. 
'It would be better if you didn't go to that party at the first place, because clearly they didn't treat you well.'
"No I had to go there, I had to see Rob. The only thing I have to do is to put her in her place." She says not even looking at her, only looking the television. 'Oh, did you even enjoy the party?' Granny asks. Same time standing and marches to the kitchen to prepare what they can eat while talking.
Lisa follows her just to tell her everything, including how Jason did before she even enters the house.
'Okay granny I feel the headache now, I need something to drink.' Lisa says the time marches from the kitchen to the sitting room. "Okay I have pills on my bag, you can take......."
"No I don't need pills; I need to go the tavern." Lisa interrupts. 'Come on Lisa you are sick, you need it not the tavern.' She says coming to the room just to pass into her bedroom to fetch the pills. 'Granny you don't understand, I don't need pills.' Lisa says taking her bag again. The granny pauses and looks at her.
'I will be back granny, take care.' She says, same time exits leaving her still standing.
"Hey can I get a whiskey." She is now in the tavern asking as about to sit. But no one seems to give her the attention. 'Waiter I said I want a whiskey!' Lisa shouts this time. "Okay I am coming Lisa!" Waiter says but still giving the attention to other customers.
'Okay, what can I do for you?' Waiter asks now he is in front of her cleaning the table. "I said I need a glass of whiskery." Lisa says, searching for a money in her bag as if she is about to pay. 'Is everything okay, you look messed?' Waiter asks giving her the glass as asked. "Give me what I want and stop asking questions!"
"I am sorry I was just asking, I always ask our favourite customers if I suspect something." Waiter says smiling. Turning away just to put back the bottle. 'Why are you smiling, do I look like one of your friends?' She asks immediately sipping her alcohol. "I'm sorry" He responds looking on other customer who looks like need help, but they are not saying anything yet.
'Before you even go, give me another whiskey' Lisa says giving him an empty glass. "Okay, wait here I will be back." Waiter says attending other on other side who are now calling him. 
"Okay I'm sorry, I am now back, you know how this works right. You have........"
'Stop! I don't care about your job' Lisa says giving him an empty glass. "Sorry, you said you need another shot?" barman says now disappointed taking the glass. 'That's what I said.' Lisa says again searching her bag. "I'm sorry I have to attend those" He says giving her as requested but looking at other customers who are now starting to shout.
'You were speaking the truth.' Lisa says as he is now moving toward her to take a bottle
Come again?
"About the job. This is crazy. I don't think I can even manage to even start this." She says but waiter says nothing, only attend other customer. 'But it's not that difficult.' He is now back. "Okay, can I ask you something?"
'Yes but wait for now I have attend him' He says pointing at some skinny drunk guy who is looking at him, surely he need help. "Okay you can ask now" Sever says coming back to her faster this time.
"What can you say, if a woman comes to you and say she loves you?
Wow that's a tricky question. Why asking, do you want to......?
'Oh please stop and answer a question!' Lisa interrupts and give the glass back, showing she want another one. "Okay sorry. It depends on who is that person, the kind of a person and so on and so on.' Barman says as busy pouring for her. "Can I ask too?" Barman asks and Lisa just looks at him. 'Why are you asking me, is there anyone wanting me or what? If there is, you need to tip me off.' He continues, now giving the alcohol.
"Hold your horses. No one is wanting you" Lisa responding fast, taking her whiskey. 'It's you right?' Barman asks
Me, doing what?
'Come on Lisa, I see your eyes, you want me. Its fine you can tell me' Barman says smiling. "No I didn't says that and please forget about it" Lisa says, drinking her shot faster this time. 
"Lisa do you love me? Because if that's the case; I love you too" Barman says smiling, and Lisa is confused for a moment. 'No! I didn't say that' Lisa says scowling. "Come on Lisa I know it's hard to confess, especially on men but I like that. It's so interesting." He says trying to touch her face but Lisa takes his hand off from her harshly.
'I said I don't love you, are you deaf? Anyway who can love a waiter? That's too cheap for me.' Lisa says now taking her phone out just to look at the time. 
What!
"Never mind" She is now busy tapping her phone. 'Oh!' He exclaims disappointed and leave to attend other customers. 'Come back, I like the company!' She shouts but looking at her phone. "Whatever!" Barman shouts back, still heading to the customer. 
'I'm only attending you for one reason' He comes back and takes her glass just to clean it. "You sound serious, what's wrong now?" Lisa asking still with her phone, smiling. 'There is nothing wrong but I am attending you because you are our favourite customer.' He responds busy shining a glass as if he doesn't have time for her.
"Look, I'm sorry for what I said. And to tell the truth; I am the one who wants someone, but that's not you by the way." She says, now putting a phone down and give the attention all to him smiling. "Oh! Cool, great for you." Waiter says putting the glass back to her and shines other again.
'I just need some advice from you.
'Now, you have them, what next?' He asks still shining his glasses. "Come on man, I'm sorry please forgive me"
I am cool
'Please barman!' She says putting the glasses together as if helping.
"Okay, okay fine. But don't ever say what you said again." He says. 'So you want to tell your man that you love him?' He continues, now he is close to her. "I already done that but I don't know what to do next." She responds.
'Okay, take yourself as that man and take that man as you. How would you react?' He asks and moves back just to put the glasses in the cupboard. "To tell you the truth I don't know maybe I can just ignore him. By the way you can't compare us, he is a male and I am the female so we react differently." Lisa says.
Okay but can you ignore if you love him too?
"Yes I can, just to see how serious he is." She says taking the phone again to see a text as it bibbed while talking. 'Okay, so what if you like a man and that man do as your crush did, what are your later reaction; call him or wait for his call?' Barman asks busy shining the glass which touched by her to put it in cupboard too.
'No I am a woman he must call me!' Lisa says and her heard is still on the phone. "Okay then waits for his call if you think so." The barman responds busy walking up and down from the table to the cupboard. 'But what if he doesn't call?' She asks raising her head, the hands is still on the phone.
Then call him
"Okay, thank you" Lisa says continuing tapping a phone. 
'My pleasure' He respond not even looking at her. "Do you need another shot?" Asking holding her glass which is now the only glass in the table. "No, you can relax now with your alcohol." She responds still in her phone chatting now. 'Okay.' Barman says attending another customer, which is not that far from them. 
"I was just drinking because of headache and now I have to turn back home." Lisa says as the customer is now served and gone. 
'You can visits another time with response' Barman says cleaning the table where the customer was. "Thank you I will" Lisa says leaving the cash in the table and return home.
"Hey granny I'm back!" She says before even entering a house. 'Wow that was quick, I didn't expect you t this time' Granny says from kitchen. "Come on granny, I was there just because of headache not the other way around." She says opening a TV and sits. 

Okay but this tavern of your is not good.
'But I needed it granny. On top of that I found a new friend. He is not that needed but I can use him sometime." Lisa says. 'Him!' Getty exclaims as she is now coming toward her. "Yes it's a male." Lisa responds but still looking at the TV.
"A male again?" Granny asks still coming. 'Come on granny, it's not like that, he is just a friend' Getty responds looking her with a smile. "I am scared" She is now down looking at the TV too.
'Relax, there is no need.' She says taking her phone again. "Do you think a male friend is good for you?" 
"Come on granny I've tried women and I failed. I am currently in a stress because of them, so let me try men now. Maybe they are better." Lisa says, tapping her phone. 'Okay but I am warning you, this isn't right.' She says, not even looking at her, still to the TV.
Calm down, everything will be okay granny
'Oh, let me tell you something; males like to take an advantage but I'm not saying you should stop, it's your choice.' Granny says looking at her while explaining. Then to the television after that. 
"I don't think he will also do that, anyway even if he wants; what advantages to take?" Lisa asks looking at her for a moment waiting for response. 'Not yet, but later he will have it. And if I ask; How many men you've been friends with in your entirely life except this man?' Granny asks but Lisa says nothing at first, like she is still counting.
'Erick is one of them' Responding later.
"The same Erick I know?"
'Yes.' She responds but doubtful. "No Lisa he was your boyfriend" she is now uttering looking at her. 'At first he was a friend.' Lisa says looking at the TV like she is avoiding eye contacts.
Yes at first, that is what I am talking about. And if you can tell; what changed?
"It because he wanted more, he wanted to take our relationship to the next level. Which didn't go well in the end but he was a friend." She explains smiling, still avoiding eye contacts. 'Okay done. He will also want the relationship to the next level.' Granny says standing up, just to check her pots. "Granny, they are not the same!" Lisa shout as the granny is no more with her. 'The women are also not the same' She shouts back.
'Come on granny I tried them but......'
"No! Not all of them try more." Granny say while coming back to the sitting again and Lisa is still smiling. They talk till the bed time. Before Lisa even sleeps, the meeting details arrive.
In the morning as usually, she wakes first and do some home chores, while the granny s still asleep, till she wakes. They now clean the house together as usually up until the finishes. Lisa looks at the time and then goes to the bathroom just for a shower.
'I forgot to tell you granny, but it's now our meeting time' She says now exiting her bedroom dressing as to go. "What if you tell her to meet later?" The granny says while she takes her bag from the couch. 'I need her now. I love you.' She says kissing her in the forehead. "What if she kills you?" Granny asks worried.
"No, she won't even try that, she know me. Please stay well, bye!" Lisa says immediately exits. 
She reaches there on time but unfortunately Getty is not there yet. She waits for her, almost thirty minutes. But as she is now thinking of going back home, Getty arrives. "Hey Lisa I'm sorry for being late like this!" Getty says hurrying and sits.
'I don't care, that's like you. So tell me, what do you want from me?' Lisa asks looking her straight to her eyes. 
"Okay Lisa, I know I said the wrong things yesterday, I was just angry. I now realise that you said what you said about Jason because of the way treated. I asked Rob and he said it all, so what I called you for is that I wanted to tell you that I am sorry, I shouldn't done as I did. But I can understand if you don't forgive me." Getty apologising, doing the opposite of what Lisa expect.
'Come again' She asks.

CHAPTER 18

"Would you please forgive me, I need you as a friend not an enemy." Getty says still looking at her. Lisa is quiet for a moment, looking at her too. 'You don't mean that right?' Finally she talks. "Hey ladies, what can I do for you?" Male waiter asks holding a pen with the book on his hand.
Water is fine for me
'And you mam?' Server asks Lisa. "Just bring water for me too" She responds but her eyes are still on Getty.
'Thank you' The waiter says and leaves.
"That wasn't true right? You didn't mean it." Lisa asks still gazing at her. 'Com on Lisa I meant what I said.' Getty responds now looking at her watch as if rushing somewhere. "If you think this is how you will manipulate me, you are wrong, I am not stupid."
'Come Lisa why would I do that, what will I gain from it? I mean what I am saying' Getty responds
"You are lying" Lisa says pointing her with the eyes. 'You don't believe me but you will after sometime.' Getty says and Lisa just pauses for a moment looking at her. "Okay fine, I am giving that chance but don't think that you won me. I am watching you like a hawk." Lisa says now pointing with hand.
'Okay, we cool now?' Getty asks but Lisa just take out her phone, smiling and tap it. "Okay I will take that as yes, thank you for forgiving" Getty says taking her bag into the table and take out her phone too. "Getty I like you. You are a good friend but sometimes you need to watch you words. Another thing is; now I realises that I did wrong too, I shouldn't talk about your man like that, so I'm sorry" She says putting down the phone smiling.
"Relax there is no need for that, Jason was wrong anyway. He didn't have to treat you the way he did" Getty says, still tapping her phone. 'Okay ladies here is yours water.' The waiter says putting the water on the table and then leave.
'Okay, so what about Jason now' Lisa ask taking the glass and sip. "Don't worry about him, he won't do anything, even if he tries I will stand by you." Getty responds still with her phone smiling and Lisa is now getting frustrated. "Alright where is Angy?" Lisa asks sipping again, but Getty says nothing only smiling to her phone. 'Excuse me!' Lisa shout
"Sorry what did you say?"
'Are you okay, is that Jason, putting such a smile in your face?' Lisa asks smiling too. "No come on, never mind that. What were you saying?" She asks putting the cell phone down giving all the attention to her now. 'I asked where Angy is.' Lisa asks again.
"Oh, She is at home, I came late here because I was with her"
'Why is she not here?' Lisa asks "Come on this was our meeting; there is nothing for her in our conversation." Getty says smiling taking her water too and sip. 'Okay' Lisa responds.
"Who are your other friends, we have to meet them" Getty asks staring at her. 'Currently, I don't have a friend. We fought months ago, but there is a man I call a friend' She respond still holding her glass, smiling. "Obvious, that's Rob" Getty says smiling too. 'Unfortunately no, I said a friend not a boyfriend.'
You have a male friend?
Yeah. Why, is that wrong?
'No I didn't say that, but all I can say is, be careful. Don't over friend him.' Getty responds looking at her watch again. "My grandmother also said that, but I like him" Lisa says smiling, lifting the glass looking at her. 'Don't smile, he is just a friend, you have your man. Don't start a trouble.' Responding looking at her bag for the third time now.
Are you all right, what is that you looking for?
"Don't mind me, worry about that smile of yours" Responding not even looking her, the head is still in the bag. 'Come on, I'm not smiling'
'No you are not but you are blushing. Where is his work?' She asks moving her look to her now, but the hand is still in the bag. "It's not that much but he's a waiter" Saying without a doubt.
Come again?
"He is a waiter." With a confidence, even opening all her eyes. 
Why are you associating yourself with such a low life?
'Come on its not that bad. Unlike me, staying home, busy drinking an alcohol.' 
"That's better; you are currently studying, not wasting time with being a waiter!" Getty says continuing looking in the bag. 'Who is studying?' She asks back, immediately. 
Aren't you?
No I'm not, who told you that?
'Rob said that.' Getty says. The bag is now on the floor beside her, only the wallet is on her hand now. "Oh, my God I said that!" Lisa exclaims. 
You were lying?
"Yes I was just trying to impress him." Lisa says eating an index finger. 'What if he asks what are you studying for?' Her eyes are all out now. "I didn't think of that but I will say anything that comes to my head." She swings the hand like throwing something and sips the water. 'Oh, that's a risk by the way but it's your choice.' 
"I know that, that's why I have to find a school, I do need schooling." She says. Her eyes are now on a young man who is busy parking his car outside. 'That's great, which course do you want to take?' Getty doesn't see the man; she is only looking at Lisa. "At this moment, I don't know, there are lot on my mind. Are you working?" She asks turning the head to her but the eyes are still outside.
'Yeah, even though it's not that much. I manage to live with it' Getty says but Lisa says nothing in return, she is only looking outside. 
Lisa!
"Yeah that's great, that what must happen." She responds turning slowly to her as if she doesn't want to take her eyes off the man. 'What did you say?' Getty is confused. "You are better than me, I am only staying home." She is now looking her. 'You will be fine, relax; I will speak with my supervisor to see what we can do for you.' 
'Thank, I will appreciate that, Is Angy working too, or studying?' She is still stealing looking at a male who is now entering the restaurant. "Come on, Angy is coming from wealthy family; she is currently working as a director at one of the companies in Asia and her father own a major share holder on more than three mining companies. She also attends school part time." Getty says, still doesn't see the man Lisa is looking.
"Wow!" She exclaims. 'Other people are lucky; on top of that I didn't expect that about her.' She continues.
Yeah I know, you expected me to tell you, she is careless and....
'Yes!' She responds before she even finish. "To tell the truth, she was that before, with a lot of boyfriend." 
"That's was her department?" She asks smiling sipping her water again. 'She was too good there, but right now, she is another person. She doesn't care about men. But I can say she was lucky, because she didn't corrupt her life; thanks to her father.' 
'Wow, she is directing a big company!' She exclaims again. "Yeah. Oh! I see why you doubting her. It's because of the way she welcomed you in the party, relax that's how she is but you will be used to her." 
I serious didn't like that, I nearly turned back" Replying now browsing the man who is now can't be found. That is starting to frustrate her now. 'Come on Lisa, you wouldn't do that?' 
"I nearly did it' She answers and stands searching. 'Are you alright?' Getty is confused now. "Yeah, I m sorry I thought I........ But never mind about it" She responds and sit, but the eyes are still away. 
'Okay, I'm now late for work; I am working a night shift.' Getty says picking the bag to the table. "Before you go, where can I get Angy, I want to apologise to her." Lisa asks, touching her hand as to stop her. 'She is home, but here are her numbers. I think she's off today' She says and search the number on the phone. Lisa is not even looking her. "Here is the number" Getty giving her the phone. 'What's wrong Lisa?' Now suspecting something. "No, nothing is wrong." She responds and takes the phone. 
"But what if she is still upset?" She asks while copying the number. 'Come on she isn't like that, she is cool now.' Getty says. "Okay I will try to call" Lisa says, giving back the phone and take her bag as to go too. 'Okay, I have to go now, stay well' Getty says and leaves. Lisa is still browsing for the man as the car is still outside. After some seconds, she decides to return home.
'Granny, how are you doing?' She says with a smile before even enters. "What is it now, you won lotto? Wait don't tell me you did what I am thinking." Granny says opening all the eyes looking at her. 'What are you thinking now? Relax granny I am just happy, can I make you a tea?' Asking while putting the bag on the couch. 
Make that tea and come here so that I can listen
"We will use those unused cups today, it's a special day." She shouts while marching to the kitchen.
'No, no, no! It's your special day, not mine. So please don't touch that.' Granny shouts as if she will follow her. "Come on granny, it only for today. Grandpa will understand" Lisa shouts again still marching. After a moment she comes back with tea and smile. 'I wonder what happened.' Granny says while coming with the tray.
"Let me sits first granny." She says, giving her a cup and take another one for herself. 'Okay, you can talk now' Granny says while stirring the tea. "Okay let me start with this in few weeks I will be working" She responds while trying to sit well in a sofa. 
Come again?
'Someone wants me in their company.' She is now stirring too, smiling looking her. 
"That's a lie, where is that company and who wants you?" Granny is still confused. 'Beside, who can hire an inexperienced like you?' She continues. Lisa starts with sipping her tea. "It doesn't end there; today I made a new friend." She says putting back the tea to the table.
'Obvious that's a man. Is he the one who promised you a job? Lisa, what's wrong with you and men. When will you stop?
'Not this time granny' She says raising a television volume. "
What?
"It's a woman" She is not even looking at her, only watching TV. 'Didn't she help you harm Getty?' Granny asks and the tea is now on her mouth as about to sip. But at the same time waiting for response. "Come on granny, she just wants to be my friend." Responding with a smile, still looking at a TV.
Just like that?
'Yes and I think I need to celebrate this day' She says picking up her tea again, smiling looking at it. "Who is that friend who even makes you celebrate the day? And please don't leave out to tell about your enemy." Granny says looking at her, holding the tea. 'I have no enemy what I.....'
"Wait, you don't what?" Granny intervenes.
'There is no enemy" She responds confidently now. 'What happened to her, please don't tell me.......'
"Let me finish" She intervene. 'Getty is my new best friend' She continues.
Come again!
'We are no more enemies.' Lisa says opening hands. "You threatened her right?" Granny asks. 'Come on granny, you always expecting worse from me. I didn't do anything, she just apologised' She says putting back the tea to the table to explain well. All the attention is on her now.
"Oh! You are so lucky but congratulation. So what are you going to do now about the male friend?"
'I think I don't need him anymore' She answers picking the tea again to sip. "What?"
'Yes I don't need a problem between me and my new man. Besides I don't want him to even over think about our relationship.' She says and sips watching the TV at the same time. "That's bad, what will you tell him?"
"I will tell the truth, why not?" She responds with no worry. 'What if we are wrong about him?' Granny asks. "What do you mean by that?"
What if he is a good man?
'No granny I can't, worse he is a barman, and he has nothing.' Lisa says, now the smile is starting varnishing. "I don't understand you now"
"I meant he is not useful in my life, instead I see troubles." The face is now starting to be worse. 'Are you hearing yourself?' Granny asks. 'I totally heard myself, I now have a friend, what else do I want. You are confusing granny, last time I was wrong about him and now I am in your side, still I'm wrong?' Lisa responds now frustrated.
'I didn't say you should hurt him, you can be friends with him and Getty as well.' Granny says and her tea is finished now. "I can't have....." The call disturbs. 'There is a new number calling me, I'm sorry I will take it.' Same time the phone is on her ears.
Hello who is this?
Hey Lisa its Rob, I'm sorry I didn't call yesterday.
'Relax Rob, there is no problem.' She is relieved
Thanks, what I want to tell is that I've been thinking about what you said.
"And...?" She asks nervously looking at the granny. 'Look Rob I know maybe that came out wrong and I know that you go against.......'
'Wait, let me finish' He intervenes and Lisa says nothing back only listening. "I think we should do it."
'What?' The smile is coming again.
Let give our relationship a chance.

CHAPTER 19

"Wow, thank you Rob, I promise, you won't regret this. I want a great future for us." She is now smiling, looking at her granny. 'So when will we meet love?' She continues.
I don't know, but let's talk about later, I am busy here. I will call.
'Okay my love work well.' She responds happier now and wait with the phone in ear till it closed. 
"Who is that now?" Granny asks surprised by her smile. 'Wow granny! I am over the moon. Everything going well today, what a life! If my life can carry on like this, I swear I can be the happiest woman you've ever seen, sometimes God prepares for you." She says putting the phone down smiling at the granny. 'What is it, come with it, don't hide the good news.' Granny is smiling too even though she doesn't know what going on.
'Okay, okay granny, that was Rob and he told me what I was wishing to hear.' She says and takes a phone again as to make a call 
"What news?" Granny asks but Lisa is overexcited, she can't even hear her, busy with the phone. 'Who is that Rob? Be clear please!' Granny is starting to be irritated now. "Rob is my special man" Lisa responds and waits looking at her still holding a phone. 'What if we start celebrating, here? I don't want a tavern today. So what do we have for celebration?' She continues looking at the granny as expecting an answer she wants.
'Lisa stop!' Granny is annoyed now. "Why should I celebrate if I don't even know what going on?" She continues. 'Oh sorry, Rob is my new man from the party as I was telling; maybe I can even call him my husband.
Wait! Is he the one you were calling your boyfriend?
Yes granny that's him
"But Lisa how can you even call someone your boyfriend before he even tells you?" Granny asks and there is no smile anymore, she is confused. 'Come on granny I knew it was going to happen, it was just a matter of time. But as for now let's celebrate. I will take one of your whiskey and please relax I will give it back, that's a promise.' Lisa says, same time standing as if the granny is already agreed.
'You want me to give alcohol!' Granny exclaims.
"Come on granny, only for today." She says, looking at her. 'No Lisa I can't give you alcohol. I don't want to corrupt you, beside that I don't see a need to celebrate here.' Responding not even looking at her, she is only looking at Lisa's phone.
'Come on granny I am begging you, I want us to celebrate, my life is now going somewhere' She is now returning to her as to kneel. "You want me to celebrate that you now have a man?' Granny asks looking at her, then to the phone again. 'Come on granny its not only that, besides, I don't want to go to tavern today. I want to be with you.' She is now backing to the couch begging.
"Lisa, this thing is still new, what if something goes wrong tomorrow, what will you do? I suggest you wait a little." Granny responds still looking at her phone. 'Don't you want to see me happy granny?' The smile is now narrowing.
Of cause I do Lisa you are my...
'Then why you don't want to be happy with me?' Lisa intervenes now raising the voice. "I really do want to see you happy, but I also don't want to see you upset. That's why I'm asking you to wait a little." She is now responding as avoiding eye contacts. 'No, you don't want to see me happy granny. This is a little thing, it's not like I will be throwing a party, it's just a small celebration. Is that too much to ask?' Now shouting.
"I can't give an alcohol, you my granddaughter" She says looking at her, now putting the phone back to the table. "Never mind about it granny, maybe I'm overexcited" Lisa utters taking her phone. 'I have to do it when he finally propose, even though I don't know when will that happen but I will have to wait as you instructed.' She continues, now not looking at her, only to the phone now.
'But look, look Lisa, we can celebrate with....'
'I said never mind it.' Looking at her, then back to her phone again
Come on Lisa, it's now looks like....
"I said I don't want it, jeez granny!" She shouts again. 'Sorry Lisa I didn't mean to upset you, I was just protecting you.' She says moving the hand to her as to cool her down. "Granny, what's wrong now? I told you to forget about it! And please excuse me I want to call Angy, that's who I need." She says same time putting the phone on the ears, showing she already dialled the number.
'Who is Angy?' Granny is confused.
"Come on granny, I'd told you; she is my friend!" Lisa responds while waiting for Angy to answer. 
'Hey, who am I speaking with?' Angy asks
It's me Angy; Lisa.
Oh, is this your number?
Yes that's my number, save it.
Okay thank you.
"Okay, what about meeting at a tavern today?" Lisa says looking at the granny. 
'Eish I'm sorry, I am working tomorrow, so I can't take something strong but we will try some other time, I will make it up to you.
Okay no problem Angy, I will wait for you.
Alright, I won't be long. Before we hang up, how are things between you and Rob?
"Everything is awesome; he just called today few minutes ago." She responds but disappointed now.
Wow, congratulation girl. We are sorry we can't celebrate this day with you but we will celebrate it, that's a promise.
'Okay, thanks Angy, but right now I have to go, I will call you later.' She says and closes the phone immediately. 
"A tavern Lisa?" Granny asks same time. 'What with tavern now?' 
'Please Lisa don't fool me, that's what you said to that person.
"Granny stop, please, that won't happen, she is working." Lisa is getting angrier now. 'Lisa what is it with you?'
"What now granny? Don't start again please." Lisa says looking at her and continues tapping the phone. 'Why can't you live without alcohol? Don't you want a normal life?' Granny asks. "I am currently living a normal life so I......"
'By always drinking alcohol!' Granny intervenes.
"What's wrong with drinking alcohol? Granny look, you are old, I understand and you don't have to drink it but as for me; I am still young and can do whatever I want." She is explaining now looking her directly. 
'Lisa be responsible please!' 
"Granny I don't want to go head to head with you so please let me live my life" Lisa responds with a low voice as annoyed now. "No I have to tell you if you are wrong. " Granny is angry too now. 'Okay granny you won.' Responding looking at her, then down to her phone again. 
'Lisa take a look at what said by your friend.' She says pointing at a cell phone. "She said she is working, so she can't go to any tavern as you were asking." She continues.
Excuse me!
"Your friend is responsible, are you?" Asking looking her directly. 'Do you know them, or you are just talking?' Lisa asks back looking her too. "I don't know much about them but I know they are working, aren't they?" 
Yes, so what?
They know how...
'First of all, I didn't even reach matric because of you as well as my parents.'
This has nothing to do with your.....
"What were they thinking, leaving me while I was still young? What was I know about life?" They are looking eye to eyes now. "Stop, don't blame them for your choices. No one forced out of school, you chose it. So please stop blaming your parents for your failure!" Granny shouts.
'I was too you to make wise decisions, I was alone. You should know better' Lisa shouts back, the phone is now on the table. "You were not alone Lisa"
"I was, even if you were there but as for me, it was hard to connect with you because you were new in my life." Lisa explains now showing less respect. 'Then why you didn't get back to school after a year later?' Granny asks now, the voice is down; too much upset. "I wasn't ready. You also didn't show an interest in sending me back to school."
'Do you recall what you said while I was trying?' Granny asks and the voice is still down. "I said nothing, you didn't care at all."
'Lisa stop!' Granny shouts as if tears will come now. 'You said your parent didn't leave you to be abused by me. You said I was abusing y.....' The tears just come out. "You said I was abusing you and you kicked me out of your father's house, Lisa!" She continues after wiping tears. 
"Lisa why are...." The tears stop her again. Lisa is now regretting and moves close to her. 'I'm sorry granny; I didn't know I was paining you like this.' She is now besides her, comforting. "I'm sorry granny, please forgive me for that. And please forgive what I said today." She continues holding the hand, granny is only looking down. Wiping tears, which are now like they won't stop.
'No, it's okay, you were young and you still young. What you do or did would have done by anyone who is in your age' Granny trying to pretend strong but the tears is not stopping. "I am really sorry granny." It's now like she will cry too. 'Okay, Lisa lets carry on with life' Granny responds after few seconds and the tears is less now. 'I forgive you Lisa; I can't be an enemy with you. You showed a much respect for me, I can't imagine my life without you all this years." She continues now smiling holding the hand, even thought the tears are not gone thoroughly.
The phone interrupts. "Sorry granny let me take this." She says same time answering.
Hey Lisa I want to see you tomorrow, only if you can.
Okay there is no problem.
'Thanks I will send the time and the venue, have a nice day my love, I love you.' Caller says and closes the phone. "And then, who was that?" Granny asks and it looks like now tears are gone for good. 'Don't worry granny, that was Rob; he wants us to meet tomorrow 'Lisa says throwing a phone on another couch and continues holding her.
'Okay that's fine,' Granny says looking at another direction. They are both quiet now, only Lisa is looking at her but she is looking aside instead. "Are you alright?" Lisa asks trying to reach her eyes. 'Yeah I'm fine; it's just that I will be alone.' Granny says still looking away. "Okay, if you are not happy about staying alone, I will cancel this date. I don't care about losing Rob but I care losing you. I can't lose my mummy." She says smiling.
'Wow! That was nice' Granny is smiling surprised. "I wish you can always call me like that. You remind me of your father" she turns back the head now. 
"How was he granny, didn't he give you a hard time?
"He was so chaotic, you are much better than him, although you sometimes make it obvious that he was your father but he was worse." The smile is getting bigger now. 'You are lying.' Lisa laughing holding her shoulder. "Serious, he was worst, but I sometimes miss him' Responding looking down again. 
'I miss him too granny' Lisa utters. "You know what? I won't go to Rob tomorrow, I will stay with you. I don't care he like it or not and he can do whatever he want I don't care.' Lisa says with confident. 'Wow, I really appreciate that but I don't think that's a good idea. Go to him, you deserve some break out. We will always be together.' Granny says smiling looking back to her.
No granny I want to be with you.
"That's sweets, but you can go; you already agreed to him. Relax I will be fine, I see in your eyes, you love him. "
'No, granny you are lying' She denies laughing now. The conversation head over, till the bed time. 
The following day; the date day. Lisa prepares herself, dressing clothes after clothes. It looks like she doesn't need the granny advice today. She manages to get the dress that suits her. "Wow you look amazing!" Granny says as she exits her bedroom. 'Thanks granny.' She says, smiling looking at her dress and then goes for her bag on the couch. "Stay well granny I will be back." She says and exits the house, heading to Rob's house as the details instruct. 
"Knock, knock!" She knocks at the house smiling, but surprised as the door is opened by Jason, her worst enemy. 'Jason, what do you want here?' She asks surprised. "Where is Rob anyway?" 
'You firstly greet and then ask a question, didn't they teach you that?' Jason replies looking at her, still holding the door for her. "Won't you come in? Rob is not here but he will be back soon." He asks and leaves the door opened. Lisa doesn't have any other choice than to enter. No one wants to say something to another; Jason is busy watching television while Lisa is still standing beside the door, irritated.
'You know what? If it weren't for Getty I would have crushed you by now. Why you hate me?' Lisa asks and Jason ignores her. "I am talking with you Jason" Now moving close to him. Instead of answering, he just stands and grasps her with a kiss.

CHAPTER 20

Lisa doesn't know what to do, only slightly pushing him away till she falls for it and grasp him too. After a moment while Lisa still enjoys the kiss; Jason pulls away unexpectedly. 
"No I have to go" He says while pushing her, looking her in the eyes. Unfortunately Lisa is ashamed only looking on the floor. He immediately leaves her, alone, wordless, starring at the wall. Few minutes alone, Pelly comes. 'Hey Rob, I'm here!' She says while coming, without realising Lisa is inside the house. "And then, what are you doing here?" She continues as now she is inside, standing in front of an exit. But Lisa says nothing, still shocked.
'Hey! I asked, what are you doing here?' She now shouts.
"I'm sorry; I am here to see Rob." Lisa says and her voice is down, avoiding even eye contacts. 'Is he here? Its seems as if  he isn't, so please help me and go back where you came from, you can come back later!' Pelly scolding, opening the door again and point her outside.
'I'm sorry but I will wait for him, he said so.' She said looking her as she is scared of her. And her handbag is on the breast, covered by the arms. "First of all, who opened the door for you, is it him?" Pelly utters pointing her as if to slap her. 'No but he said I should wait for him.'
Then who opened for you?
"It's ......." She can't say the Jason's name now. 'It's who? talk!' She shouts moving close to her. Fortunately, Rob enters. 'Hey!' He greets. "And then, Pelly, what are you doing here?" He asks while closing the door. 
'No Rob that is not the question you should be asking. You should ask her that' Responds pointing at Lisa who is now looking like a scared small puppy in the corner. "Pelly, I don't have your time, she was invited by me, in my house. I don't know about you." He responds moving in the middle of them.
"Your house! I didn't hear you, you have a house now? Do you even know how expensive the house is?" She is now scolding against him. 'Get out Pelly; I don't have your time.' Rob says not even looking at her, only marches to the couches to put down the plastic bags he is carrying. 
This is not your house; your sister also owns it. So please........
'Pelly stop!' Rob scold and turn to her. "Why are you even here, because we are not friends?" he continues and the bags are still on his hands. 'Oh you aren't my friend now, because of this thing?' Pointing at Lisa again, now with the whole hand as to touch the face. "Her name is Lisa, she is not the thing. And please stop wasting time; we have a lot to talk about with Lisa." Rob says, now offloading and move back to them again. Finally; Lisa looks at him but confused, asking herself what he want to talk about.
"I will be back." She says and walks to an exit. 'What are you starring at?' Now to Lisa who is looking at her in a scared manner. "I said get out!" He shouts again moving to her as push her out. 'I am!' Now moving fast, slightly looking him from behind till the exit. 
'I am sorry Lisa about that, she is annoying sometimes, and you shouldn't mind her.' Rob says trying to embrace her but Lisa is still scared, but she manages to responds to the hug after some time. "Are you okay?" He asks and slowly pushes her to face her, but Lisa is only looking on the floor.
"Yes I am okay Rob." Responding nervously, trying to fake a smile, glancing at him but she is failing. 'Lisa relax, Pelly is not that problem, she is just annoying but you will get used to her.' She is now touching her shoulders, trying to reach her eyes but they are too fast. 
'Okay, I will try to understand her.' She is still nervous, glancing at his arm which is on the shoulder. "Okay, enough about her now, let's talk about us. But firstly tell me what can I get for you?" Rob asks and leaves her to the couch. 'Here is a sit.' He continues pointing at sofa as if moving to the kitchen at the same time. 
'Water is fine.' She responds while slowly, marching to sit. "What?" Rob asks and turns to her again. "I only need water, I am thirsty." She says with confident now. 'Okay, I will be back.' Continues marching to the kitchen. 
Here is your water
"Thanks" Same time taking the glass, nervous and the hand is shaking. 'Is everything, alright? Let me hold it for you.' Trying to take the glass from her. "No its fine, I can manage it." She says and same time drinks the whole glass without a break. "Wow! That was quick; it means you were really thirsty. Can I get another one?"
'No thanks, I'm now okay.' She says giving him an empty glass and the eyes aren't on him. Rob takes the glass, not to the kitchen now. Only within a room in a near table. 'Okay, enough about water now, can I make a tea?' He asks loud now from the table. "Unfortunately I needed only water." 
"Come on Lisa, a tea won't hurt." Rob, utters smiling moving close to her. 'Maybe I should bring a whiskey.' He continues now touching her chin. "I said no!" She responds and harshly takes the hand off her. 'That's strange, are you alright?' 
'I'm sorry it's just a personal problem but I will be fine' She replies glancing at him. But Rob says nothing, only looking her showing he expects more. "Okay fine, bring a whiskey." She continues smiling now. 
"That's better" He says and leave to fetch it from the cupboard which isn't that far from the room. 'Here is your whiskey, let me pour it for you' He says immediately taking one of the glasses from the tray and pour a shot for her. "So, tell me what are you studying?" He asks while giving her.
'No, I'm...... just teaching.' She says and drinks the shot within a blink of an eye. "That was quick!" He is still pouring for himself. 'Let me pour another one.' He continues, taking the glass from her to give another shot. "I'm sorry to ask this Rob, but can you make it a half please, so that I won't irritates you for pouring." She responds unexpectedly, looking at the glass smiling. 
"A half of a glass!" He exclaims.
'Yeah, but not a full half. A little more than you are doing' Lisa says again smirking.
Okay, there is your half
Thank you
Okay, so where were we? Oh you were saying you are teaching if I'm no mistakenly.
"Yeah but It's a hard Job." She says and sips at her whiskey. 'Are you teaching or studying?' 
'Oh sorry, I am doing a practical, I am still studying.' She says and drinks the whole glass again. "Okay that's great." Rob appreciating.
Come on I'm still studying!
"Yeah, you will reach your dreams, my sister used call herself a pilot, even while she was still in high school but look where she is now."
'You sister is a pilot?' Lisa is surprised. "Yes didn't I tell you?" He asks pouring for himself again. 'Can I?' Asking touching her glass. "No, I am fine" She says looking at the glass, 'But you didn't tell me about her.' She is now looking him.
"Okay, I'm sorry I thought I did." He says now closing the bottle, same time Getty enters. 
'Hey! Can I come in, or I'm interrupting?' She is already inside. "Its fine Getty, you can come in." Rob says smiling looking at her. 'Thanks. I'm here for Jason, did anyone saw him? His phone is closed.' She asks and stands beside the door as about to exit.
"Jason was here before I go but he wasn't here when I return. Maybe he's in the casino." Rob responds but expressing being unsure. 'Oh, my God! What's wrong with Jason I always warn him about gambling.' She is now moving close to them but doesn't take a sit, only stands. 
'No I didn't say he is there, that was just a suggestion, maybe he is somewhere else.' He says as if protecting him. "Somewhere with who, I am his only girlfriend. If I can find out that he is busy with other woman, I swear I can kill that bitch!' She scolds.
'Relax, Jason loves you, he won't do such a thing.'
'No I can't relax, while my man is out there having fun with someone else.' She disagrees with what he is saying. "That isn't wrong, he is a man" He says smiling in a provoking manner. 'A man for what? He dares do that, I will kill him.' Getty says pointing at a picture where there is a solder on it. "Lisa, can you allow him to have another woman?" She continues and her voice is higher.
"No, but if he thinks it's the right thing, its fine he can do it." Lisa responds cold looking down avoiding even to look her. 'Not me my darling I can kill both of them' 
'Not a female right?' Lisa asks, now starring at her, waiting for an answer. 
That would be the first to die.
"No! I can't do that; I can't spend my life behind bars for just a Casanova. "Lisa says and turn down the face again. 'If you can bump to Rob, walking with another woman, wont you do anything?' Getty asks loudly looking at her.
'Come on, why me? That won't happen anyway, I love my woman.' Rob responding first looking at Lisa. "You are lying, we know how men are. What can you do Lisa?" Getty turns to her now. 'I don't care I won't do anything as long as I love my man. Anyway, where is Angy?' She is now irritated by this topic.
"She is currently working; I think he will be off in the next two days. But you can call and asks her for yourself." Getty responds unsure. 
Okay, thanks.
'Come and sit Getty, you can't stand like that, come and join us.' Rob says showing her the couch. "Okay, I will sit but as for joining, I am sorry but no thanks, I am working tomorrow." She says and sits besides Lisa, opposite him. 'Don't I disturb you for sitting here?' She asks looking at both of them. 
"Come on its fine, there is no wrong place for the guest, isn't so my love?" Asking Lisa who is just looking down. 'Okay, thank you guys I will only wait few minutes and then leave' Getty thanking. 
'Relax, he will be back, his stuff is all here' Rob responds pouring another shot for himself. "Won't you take even one shot?" He continues as pour another glass. 'No, no, no I am fine; I don't want troubles with my boss.' She denies and they both laughs but Lisa is just smirking looking on the floor, avoiding even to look her now. 'Jason needs to explain first!' She continues.
You won't kill him right?
'I will burn and eats him alive.' She says and looks both of them, expecting them to laugh; that is working on Rob but Lisa is only smirking. "It looks like I chose well here, not a vampire like you, who eats people.' He says smiling looking at her trying to be romantic. But Lisa is only looking down and faking a smile. As for her, she is now wishing to get out from here. 
"Lisa, are you alright?" Getty asks now suspecting, but Lisa is just starring down. 
'Lisa!' Rob scream, touching the chin and raise her face. 'Yeah!' She says, slowly moving his hand off her face and look him then down again. 'Where are you?' Getty asks, trying to reach the eyes too. 
I'm sorry I was just thinking.
"What's that eat you my friend? Since I came here, you are not yourself." Getty is worried. 'Never mind, it's not that important.' She is only looking Getty's knees not the face. 'Are you still thinking about Pelly?" Rob asks. 
'Pelly!' Getty exclaims
Yes, she was here.
"What did she do?" She asks looking straight to his eyes. 'You know how that woman is, she was like herself; rude. It was better I came early because we would be talking another thing now.' Rob says and drinks his shot. 
She thinks she is better, I wish you kicked his ass Lisa, she is annoying.
'Luckily I came early.' He utters putting the glass down. "Never mind that thing Lisa; she is just an annoying person. I don't know why Rob keeps him in our life" She says rubbing her shoulder, Lisa says nothing in return, only gazing down.
"Why don't you tell her what happened between you two?" Rob asks and laughs. 'No, Rob there is no need for that, we were scared of her.' She responds and the both laugh. "But we came back, what did she do? She ran away." She continues and laughs.
'Can you imagine Lisa, both of them running away from her?' Rob says looking at Lisa, then laughs, but Lisa just smiles. "You are lying we thought she was a thread. We came back anyway, didn't we?" Getty is trying to protect herself. 'You came after I told you, she was just scarring you. If it wasn't for me, you have still scared of her.' Rob says and pours another one. Now the bottle is going somewhere.
"No, no, no, we would have come back; we were just making her happy."
'You are lying you were scared' Rob says laughing while pouring. "No, we were not!"
"Okay we will ask Angy." Rob says and takes the whiskey, now it's more than the last shot. 'She will tell you' She responds a little laughing now. 'And please stop now this isn't funny.' She continues pointing them both. "Okay sorry, I am now quiet." Rob says putting his index finger on the mouth, trying to stop laughing but the smile doesn't want to disappear.
'Come on Rob, look at yourself, you are laughing. But I'm glad to see a smile on my friend.' Getty says touching Lisa's shoulder again, Lisa only glance at her and smile. "Even if she was crying, she deserve to laugh at you, this is so funny!" Rob says and laughs again. 
"It's enough now guys, that was long time ago" Getty says, same time Jason knocks and enter without a response. 'Thanks God, my love is back. They were both making fun of me, please help love!' She says immediately going to him and embraces him before he even sits or salute.
"I think I need to go now, I forgot; granny wanted to see me. I will see you another time." Lisa utters and immediately takes her hand bag and marches straight to the door.
"Lisa, you can't........" But Lisa doesn't have a time to turn back. She exits and shut the door. 'Lisa!' Rob shouts but she is gone.

CHAPTER 21

'Hy granny.' She is now home.
"Hey!" She responds and looks her. 'Are you alright?' She asks as she comes with the handbag on the hand, not on the shoulder as usually. 'I'm okay,I only need something to eat.' She says throwing it to the couch and then marches straight to the kitchen. "You want food!" Granny exclaims turning looking at her while she is heading to the kitchen.
'I am so hungry granny!' She shouts, now in the kitchen. "Didn't your date give you something to eat?" Granny shouts too, looking in the passage that heading to kitchen. "Wait, I will tell you everything I can't shout.
"Okay, talk." Granny utters while she is in the passage, coming toward the sitting. 'I've never heard such thing in my life. That man of yours thinks you are.....'
'No granny let me sits first.' She is now close to the couch with the meal on her hand. "Oh!" Granny says. 
"I've never done such a thing in my life granny." She says and now she is in the couch, looking at her meal as if she is talking with it. 'What have you done now?' 
'That's wasn't a date, it was just a group meeting.' She says now looking her opening all the eyes. "A group meeting!" Granny doesn't understand. 'Yeah, we only spent few minutes together, and then we had company after that.' Lisa complains looking at her. 
"A company!" Granny exclaims again.
'As I am telling you, this was just a group meeting.' Lisa says and stands up to charge her phone which is now annoying wanting to be charged. "Then why, you didn't eat?" Granny asks, turning to her while busy charging the phone. 'There was no food granny!' She responds, still connecting the phone.
What?
"We were only eating alcohol that was the meal" Lisa says turning to her couch again and takes the food. 'An alcohol Lisa?' Granny asks but smiling no believing. "Yeah, but I think, if it wasn't for the company; everything was going to be perfect." 
'Okay, enough about your worst date now. Can you tell me about Erick's father?' Granny asks turning off the radio volume. "What?" Lisa asks, pauses with the fork and returns it to the plate again, without eating the food.
"Where does he live, his numbers, anything I can use" Granny asks with confidence. 'His number!' Lisa exclaims. 
Yes I want the numbers
'What will you do with his number? Actually what going on with you granny?' Lisa asks and her food is back to the table. All the attention is on granny now. "Lisa, that's none of your business, I only miss his voice." 
"Missing his voice!" She is still surprised. 'Come on Lisa, I also deserve some company, you sometimes leave me here alone. So I think he is the right man for keeping me.' 
'So you want him to be your boyfriend?' She asks drying her hands with the fabric, looking her at the same time. "Boyfriend! Come on Lisa I'm too old for those things......"
'So what are you saying, aren't you drunk granny?' She interrupts, gazing at her, smiling but in unpleasant manner. "No, I'm not but I'm too old to call my man a boyfriend. That is yours...."
"Your man!" She interrupts again. 'Let me finish Lisa.' Granny is now expressing seriousness. "Okay you can carry on..." Lisa says still smirking looking on the floor and knotting. 'Is there a problem, why knotting?' Granny asks in an angry manner. "I am just thinking but you can continue. It's just that I didn't expect that. Especially from old lady like you" She says still looking down knotting.
Lisa I'm also a human being, I am not that old. I can take another husband if I want.
A marriage granny?
"Yes a marriage, I'm not that old" She responds fast. 'I don't think that would be a brave thing to do, you can't go to another family now. Even grandpa wouldn't want that.' She says and picks her food again. 
He passed long time ago, I deserve some fun now.
'Some fun!' She exclaims and smirks. "Okay, but why Erick's father? That man is not good for this family." She responds and swallows the food before granny even responds. 'Don't judge him yet' Granny says and turns up a little radio volume. "He isn't right I know him." She responds and meal again.
"Is he a murder?" Granny asks, but Lisa start by looking at her, then to the meal smirking. 'No he is not a killer, but he isn't good for you. If you want a man, why can't you go online and find a perfect man, who's rich, who can make you a wife immediately.' She says still smiling unpleasantly. 
'You want me to date a stranger?' She is looking her in the eyes. 'Granny you will get to him as time goes by; don't you want being rich? I am dying for that. So please let me find the right man, not this loser you are talking about.' Lisa says and stands, just to check her phone.
Can I ask a question?
Yeah ask, but I am promising to choose well for you. A man I can call a grandfather not....
"Lisa, let me ask. Have you done this dating way you are implying?" Granny asks while she is on her phone tapping it. 'No but it's a great thing.' The head is down on the phone. "Then why, you don't do it?" Granny asks looking the floor as if she is talking with it. 
'Come on granny, mine is different, they are lot man out there, dying for me.' She says now heading back to the couch and the phone is still left in the charge. "Are you saying, no one is dying for me, am I too ugly?"
"Of cause not, but you are too old for men to want you. That's why I am asking you to allow me find someone for you" She says and sits on the same couch as the last time. "Lisa please leave me with your men, I only want Erick's father. Just give me the house address if there isn't the number, if you want to help." 
'I really want to help but I think you are choosing wrong.' She responds and takes the meal again. 'No, I'm not you are judging wrong.' Confidently.
"It even seems as if he is much younger than you" Lisa is not even looking at her. 'I don't care about that, give me the number. Why is this a big deal to you?' An old lady is starting to get irritated now. "Okay I will help, but I don't have the number, all I know is the house. But I won't go there." 
I don't care as long as I have his details.
'Okay, I will help but this is not a good idea granny.' She says pointing at her. "Lisa leave me alone I am not your child. I know what good for me so please mind your business."
I am not saying anything granny but that man is wrong.
"Why don't you like him?" Granny is upset now. 'He isn't a good father.' She says and stands again. Now marching to the kitchen with the plate. "Why are you saying that because Erick was raised well, I saw that?" Granny asks turning to her while she is still heading. 'He hates me granny!' Lisa turns back to her again.
No you are.
'Granny, that man chased me out of his house.' She shouts still standing looking at her as she will get back again.
"What were you doing there?" granny asks opening all her eyes. 'Come on granny, it's that day, when Erick was here asking about me. I was scared to get back here, I then decided to go to Erick's home, Then this man of your started his things.' She says and walks again; the attention is now to the kitchen.
'Erick said you left, why saying this now?' Granny shouts denying. 
"Come on granny, I saw that I wasn't needed there!" She shouts back, now heading to the room again. 'What if he was just testing you?' She now sees her. "I don't think he was, he only wanted me out."
'No Lisa, look what I was doing to Erick, Do I hate him?' Granny asks opening all the hands showing she expect an obvious answer. "No but this is different" She is still walking. "Why are you saying so, because I was chasing him too?" 
"Come on granny, Erick is a male so you can't compare us." Again checking her phone as if someone is calling. 'No there is nothing like that, the reason for chasing him was because of protecting you; same thing as him.' Granny is now fighting for him.
'Okay fine granny I will give you the house details.' She gives up, not even looking at her, only at the phone. 
Next day, on the morning; Lisa's cell phone rings while asleep.
'Hey Getty, can I help you?' She asks and the sleep is still on her eyes.
Hey, I'm sorry to wake you but I have some good news.
What is it now?
First I should ask you a question.
"Okay.....?" She asks and sits, the blanket is still on her chest.
What happened yesterday?
Yesterday, what are you talking about?
You left us confused and Rob said you didn't say anything about your granny, so please tell me the truth. Or is it because of Jason?
No! I forgot to tell Rob, but granny told me before I even leave the house that she want me earlier than I intended.
'Okay, what I can tell is that relax about Jason, I told him to stop abusing you and he promised to not do it again' Getty says and Lisa just pauses starring at the wall.
Are you still there?
Oh sorry! Thanks for talking with him, that's sweet of you.
I always protect my friends. So before airtime runs out, I have to tell you this; Right now I was talking with my boss about you wanting a job, he said he want to see you for an interview tomorrow 
"What!" She exclaims, taking the blanket of the chest and pauses, putting the attention to the phone again.
You are invited to an interview tomorrow.
'Wow! Thanks my friend, thank you so much, thank you!' She shouts
Don't celebrate yet, I dint say you are hired, it an interview. But there are many chances to be hired. Before I forget, Angy said she wants to see you, I think today, she knows how this interview thing works, but she will call you.
"Okay thank you my friend, thank you so much, I will wait for her call but thank you!" She shouts, now off the bed.
'My pleasure, dot forget to dress casually, this is an interview not a party. But I have to go now; I will see you tomorrow after interview, bye!' She says and drops a call.
"Granny, granny! Granny!" She screams running to granny's room. 'What now Lisa, are you crazy? Why noise so early?' Granny is still in her bed sleeping. "Granny I am invited to an interview tomorrow!" She says, breathing heavily because of running and the face is covered with joy. 
'You lying Lisa, please leave me alone I want to sleep. I've never heard you saying you are searching for job.' Granny says taking the blanket and turns away. "Getty just called few seconds ago; I was talking with her as I'm here." She says smiling, moving close to her. 
"Are you serious?" Granny asks taking the blanket of the face and turn to her. 'Why would I lie...... wait, there is a massage entering my phone, let me check it.' She says same time, scrolls the phone still smiling. "It Angy, she want us to meet!" She says still looking at the text.
Before even granny says anything, she just leaves her and rushes to the bathroom. After a moment she comes back, well dressed and the granny is still in the bed, smiling but doubting what she's saying. 'I have to go granny, I will see you when I'm back.' She says and leaves her again without a response.
Fortunately Angy is already there and she gives her the advices as expected. 
On the interview day, she wakes early and leaves the house before granny even wakes up. Luckily she is the first person to be interviewed. She follows everything as Angy advised. After they all interviewed, interviewer calls her again and she scared now.
Are you Lisa?
"Yes I am" She responds very calmly
'So Lisa we heard your responses, unfortunately we normally don't take people who doesn't have experience.' Lisa immediately looks down as about to cry now. "But Lisa we liked your attitude, we like you, we like what you said and we like a lot about you. So we argued about you, which we normally don't do to someone inexperienced like you. And we saw ourselves a little being unfair if we don't take you to our company." The interviewer continues.
"I beg your pardon sir?" Same time looking at him confused.
Lisa you are hired, so welcome to the company. We are looking forward to work with you.

CHAPTER 22

'Granny, granny!' She shouts before even enters. "What now Lisa?" Granny asks, smiling at the same time, not even knowing what going on. 'Granny I got it, I am officially employed.' She is now inside, running to her, to embrace. "Wow that's great news, so when will you start?" Same time granny stands up and hugs her.
"They said they will call me in two days for the uniforms sizes and other stuffs. Granny I don't know; should I celebrate or what?" Lisa says after a hug, now looking her in the eyes. The handbag is already thrown on the couch. 'Wow thanks for you, did they tell you the salary?' Granny asks looking her too.
"No they didn't mention it but I don't care, as long as I'm working. I'm tired of being home and useless."
'Great, now you will even stop chasing males.' Granny says and moves back to the couch again. "What males now granny?" She asks and follows. 'You know what I'm talking about. You should stop it now because you are employed.' Granny says while preparing a couch to sit on.
"Thanks granny but I also needs someone who will love me. I can't watch you and Erick's father enjoying love while on the other side I am single, No!" Lisa says and sits on another couch which is already prepared. 'I'm not saying you should be single, what I meant is stop chasing men now and find someone who loves you.' She says and now she's down.
'Okay, but enough now let's celebrate.' She says and stands again looking on the cupboard. 
Celebrate?
"Yeah and please let's celebrate here!" The eyes are still on the cupboard. Granny start with looking at her as if to deny. 'Come on Lisa, I can't deny that. This is what we should be celebrating for, not that day you.....
'Okay, okay, granny I get it.' She interrupts. "So where are the drinks? We can't celebrate with the tea." She continues looking at her as if she is asking for money. 'Of cause not, we will drink cold drinks' Granny responds without even a little worry, looking on the television.
Come on granny, cold drinks!
"Yeah, what do you expect?" She is now looking her as she is up. 'That's not a great idea granny.'
'It is, we can't use alcohol.' She says and looks on the newspaper which is on top of table. Lisa is just staring at her surprised not even know what to say. "I'm joking we will do it"
Do what?
"Today I will help you with....
'Are we going to celebrate together?' Lisa in the mouth taking a sit again. "Let me finishes." 
Okay, I'm sorry it's just that I'm happy to.....
"Okay... fine, I am the one talking" She is the one interrupting now. 'For the first time in my life I will drink in front of you. Although I promised not do it, you are old enough now.' She continues and the eyes are still in the paper.
'But granny what if something wrong happens, do you even know how to drink it?' Lisa is scared. "You said you want to meet your friend today right? So let the party begins, I am thirsty." Granny says, immediately marching to the cupboard to fetch a whiskey which has been there for months now.
"Thirsty granny!" She exclaims as she heading but granny says nothing till getting back to a sit. 'Lisa let get on the business.' Same time opening it and pours a full glass for herself. "Can I for you?" The bottle mouth is already on the glass. 
'Yeah' Lisa says looking at the full glass, knotting the head. "Granny isn't that too much?" She continues pointing at the glass. 'What too much now?' Granny pauses for a moment looking at her. 'That full glass whiskey, it looks like.....'
"This is nothing, can I full yours too?" Granny interrupts, now pouring a little looking at her waiting for response. 'No! I want a half, I still have the day ahead.' 
'Oh! You can take now, she says and push it toward her and close the bottle. "Let the party begins!" She says lifting a glass looking at her. 'Granny I think that's too much, you are old, what if something happens?' Lisa says taking hers too but worried looking in the glass. "Then you'll have to bury me." She responds and same time drinks it all without a break till finishing.
"No, no, no! Granny, you can't drink like that, you will die. Let's stop!" Lisa says as about to put her whiskey down and grasp the granny glass. But granny pushes the hand off. 'Who will die?' She asks, pouring another glass again.
Another full granny!
"This is nothing" Granny says while pouring looking at Lisa's whiskey. 'Why can't you drink yours, is it too much?' Granny asks pointing at it, at the same time closing the tap. "Please granny don't do as the last time." Lisa says taking her too but looking her.
'Oh, you scared. Just look this.' Granny says same time lifting a glass and drinks it faster this time without a break again. Lisa just stares at her, shocked. "What wrong Lisa, why can't you drink yours, or you want this glass?" She continues giving her an empty glass, smiling
"No, you have to stop granny!" Her glass is down now and immediately grasps the bottle away. 'Lisa we are celebrating here, so let's celebrate.' Responding trying to fetch the bottle, fortunately she manages to get it and pours again. "No, no, no! You can't do it again, please stop!" Lisa exclaims as she is busy pouring. She just ignores her and fulls the glass. She empties glass for the third time without a break again, leaving Lisa out of words now.
"Oh my!" Lisa exclaims gazing at her. 'Come on Lisa finish that thing now, we are celebrating here, you are boring.' She continues looking at Lisa's glass which is still the same. 
'Can you stand?' She asks looking in surprised manner. "Drink and stop boring me!" Granny says pointing at her glass. Lisa looks at it, knotting the head and drink too without a break. "Okay, that's great but it was too slow." Granny says after she finishes. 'Too slow!' She exclaims putting an empty down and the face makes it obvious that the whiskey doesn't taste well.
Yeah you won't stand a chance against me.....
"Wait, were you drinking at your age?" Lisa interrupts still looking like swallowing. 'Yes but not that much.' She responds and stands to get another bottle. 'But it seems as if you are a pro, I'm surprised that you can still stand as if you are sober.' She says as the granny heads to the cupboard again.
'A pro!' Granny exclaims, turning back to her and turn to the cupboard again. "Granny I've never seen anyone doing that with my naked eyes." 
"Lisa that was just a glass, it isn't that much." She says, now heading back to the sit holding the same whiskey as on the table. 'A full glass granny! You know I've been telling my friends that I am a pro but today you've proven me wrong.'
'Wow! In our group drinking a glass slowly was just for beginners.' Granny says and pours another glass again. 
You are lying!
"Yeah, a glass is nothing. You are talking if you bring a bottle and a half." Pointing both bottle now as if she will drink them both at the same time. 
Full!
'Yes I was capable of drinking it, although it was hard to stand after that. But I did it severally times.' She responds and takes the glass again. Lisa is now tired of warning her, so she now prefers to ignore. "Right now my age doesn't allow me, but I wanted to do two bottles, unfortunately I didn't." She continues and drinks.
"No! That's a lie" She denies as the granny is drinking. 'Serious, there was a man called John Fringe. That man was a hero around our street or area. He was capable of drinking two bottles same time and still be able to stand with his own feet. And we all wanted to break his record but we failed.' She replies putting the glass down.
He was crazy.
"Unfortunately he was the coolest and clever then most of others. Everybody wanted to be him and every girl wanted to be his girlfriend."
'Wow! You also wanted him?' Lisa asks smiling. "Of cause not, I wasn't that cheap" Granny says, pouring again and now she's starting to feel the alcohol. 'The truth is he was my crush. Come on, no one doesn't want to be a queen. But unluckily I didn't express my feeling to him.' Now she isn't pouring a full.
"You'd let others take him?" She asks opening all her eyes, showing an interest. 'What was I supposed to do?' She asks still pouring. "Can I?" Asking wanting pour for her again. 
Yeah no problem
'Now you will drink, I can't finish the bottle alone too while you here.' She says while pouring and now fulling for her. "Granny I am still going to a party, so I want to walk with my feet from here. " She says and the granny is still filling the glass not even looking at her.
"One glass won't do anything." She says after filling it and pushes it to her. 'Okay, only this one, after that I won't take another one.' Lisa says taking it. "So what happened to John, where is he now?" She continues.
'Oh, he died years ago before I even get married.' Granny says, and looks at the glass which is now looking as the full bottle. "Don't you know what happened to him?" 
"The alcohol killed him; I heard that he was trying to drink five bottles same time but unfortunately, he ended in hospital and that is where he lost his life." Granny says looking at her glass, now dizzy. 'That's painful, did you attend the funeral?' Lisa asks now sipping her whiskey.
'Yeah and I've never seen such full funeral in my life' She is a little dizzy."Wow he must have been a true hero. So why didn't you break his record because it looks like you were capable?" 
"Come on Lisa, stop with question now, your friends are waiting for you, we will talk later." Granny says and her glass is still on the table. She is now only looking it. 'Oh I forgot about that, let me go but we will talk when I'm back.' Lisa says and same time stands up and marches to an exit, leaving her semi full glass in the table.
'Why are you leaving these things?' Granny screams as she exits but Lisa says nothing only run as if she is rushing to work. 
"Knock, knock" She knock at Rob's house, there is a noise. It obvious that there are lot people inside. 
'Hey Lisa you are here, get in.' Angy opening smiling
"Congratulations!!!" The whole house screams. She is surprised, looking at them not even knowing what to say, only smiling. 'Congratulations! My friend, you've made it.' Getty says hugging her and smiling at the same time. 
'Congra! My friend!' Angy hugging too.
"Thanks guys." Lisa says still surprised, glancing at others who are just clapping the hands for her. 'We didn't hear that, what did you say?' Angy says and turn to the audience. "Attention please!" She shouts tapping a glass with a spoon. 'My friend has something to say.' She continues now looking at her, smiling.
'Come on Angy what are you doing?' Lisa sighing looking to her avoiding others eye contacts. "You can now talk my friend" Getty says not even looking at her. Everyone is now quiet waiting for her speech. 'Okay guys, thank you all for coming and thanks to my friends for organizing all of this. I didn't expect such a thing.' She says nervously but loudly looking at them.
After the speech they all clap hands, telling her the speech is great, others congratulating her, giving the advices. She is enjoying the party but Jason enters.
Entering of him change everything, she is now talk less. Can't even look at Getty only glancing him.
"Are you alright?" Angy asks. 'Since he came here you are not yourself.' She continues, pointing at Jason who is busy laughing with Rob and others on another table. 'No, I'm fine it's just that it's hot here.' Lisa says, glancing him but in stealing manner. "Okay, come here, you need to talk about this." Same time grasping her, heading to them. 
'Where are we going?' Lisa asking pulling back but Angy doesn't allow her to win. She pulls her till close to Jason. "Jason! Please come here." She says, still pulling her, till she sees that she is now marching on her own. But she can't even look him. 
Angy take them to an empty room. "Jason I need you to apologise to her, so that she can be able to move on, not....." Same time phone rings. 'Sorry guys I have to take this.' She says and exits.
The house is quiet for a moment, waiting for her to come back. No one wants to talk; they can't even look at each other. 'I think I need to go' Lisa says and turns away as about to exits. But Jason grasps her with the kiss again.

CHAPTER 23

"No Jason I can't!" She says and takes his hand off her. 'What if Angy gets back?' She continues and immediately leaves the room. "Lisa have you seen Angy?" Getty stopping her. 'She was talking with a phone, I don't know where she is, maybe she is in the bathroom or outside.' Responding at the same time avoiding eye contacts.
'Okay thanks, Rob wanted you, and I think you should see him.' Getty utters pointing him. "No, what f Pelly takes him again?" She is now looking her. 'Come on Lisa he is your man not hers, so please go to your man before someone takes him first. Look how those girls look him...' She says pointing some squad of girl, looking as if gossiping about him. "You will lose him if you not careful." She continues.
"Okay, I will but not now." Lisa says, careless looking at another direction instead. 'Guess who was drinking today?' She says now trying to change topic. 'Who was that?' Getty asks confused.
'My granny was drinking today!' She says smiling and tapping her shoulder. "Isn't she old to do that? I don't even know her." Getty says but it looks like she doesn't have time for that. She is just looking elsewhere, as if searching for something.
I don't know she confused me too.
'Why did you allow her?' Still looking another sides. "Who can stop my granny, if wanting something? I tried and I failed." Lisa says smiling. 'And then what.....'
I'm not done; she also drank the whole bottle alone.
"Lisa! How old is she?" Now the attention is back, looking at her showing an interest. 'She is on sixty something now if I'm not mistaken' 
'What! Lisa that person is too old for alcohol.' Getty exclaims looking her. "Getty, granny is stubborn you can't stop her from getting something."
Oh, where is she?
She is home alone....
"Lisa! Are you sure she is alright?" Getty interrupts. 'She is strong I'm sure she is alright. And it looked as she was stopping as I was leaving, so maybe she is sleeping.' 
'No Lisa you have to check her as the time goes by, you can't leave her alone drunk, what if she walks.' Now the attention is starting to be away. "I doubt her doing that." She says but she doubts what she says.
"Lisa checks her as the time goes by please." She is looking away again. 
'Let me continue telling how the bottle was finished.' Lisa says and Getty says nothing. Only turning the eyes to her waiting for the news. "She was filling a full glass." She continues.
Like you?
"Who am I Getty? She drinks it two times faster than me."
"Lisa, she will be sick, don't allow her to do that again, please." Getty says and turns the head away again. 'That's nothing compared to what they were doing while teenagers. She was able to drink, full and a half bottle!' Lisa utters and now she is happy because the topic looks changing. 
No, you are lying now, there is nothing like that.
I was surprised too and...
Lisa atop! Your granny was just drunk, that all. She was playing you.
But I believed her, because the way of drinking. But let me not be sure; I will ask her when she is sober.
"Maybe that'll help. Have seen my man, it been a while now since sawing him?" The eyes are marching the whole room. 'Pelly have you seen Jason?' She asks while Pelly passes. "I lastly saw him when he was called by Angy." She responds and pauses. 'And she was with her' She continues pointing Lisa with the eyes.
Who?
'With this girl. She should have a little knowledge about him.' Now pointing Lisa and same time leaves them. "Lisa do you know where is he?" 
"Getty this woman hates me, I was only with Angy and she was taken by the call so I don't know about Jason." Lisa denies but unconfidently. 'Sometime Pelly is childish; I don't have time for her games.' Getty says pointing Pelly and annoyed. Lisa is just looking side and side nervously, only glancing at her.
'She is better to you, as for me; I am just nothing but one day I will show her who am I' She says but looking at another direction, trying to hide a nervousness.
That what will help.
"Look, there he is sitting with his friends." Pelly showing while passing again. 'Okay Pelly, please excuse us now.' Getty says pushing her away. 'And then what's wrong now? I am helping you. 'Responding confused.
'Okay, Pelly thanks for helping, I am now fine, so give us some air.' She says and push her again, likely she manage to balance not to fall. "Getty what...."
"Would you please go!" Now shouting looking her straight in the eyes. 'Oh, let me go before you even show you craziness to me.' Pelly says and leaves. "I hate this woman, she is annoying!" Getty says after she is gone. And Lisa says nothing, only glancing her. 'But Lisa, you also confuse me.' Now to Lisa.
'With what now?' Asking nervously, thinking she is suspecting. "Rob called you, why can't you go to him?" 
"Oh, relax I will attend him, I'm still giving him some time. Remember what happened, maybe he is still mad at me." She responds now relieved. 
Are you giving him some time?
'Yeah, I don't want him to embarrass me in front of his friends.' pointing the friends with the head. "Oh, but be careful, don't overtime this thing. And to advise you, Rob believed you that day, another thing is; if Jason is still a problem to you, don't hesitate to tell me, I will deal with him."
'Thanks but he isn't a problem anymore.' Trying disappearing the topic. "Okay, if that the case, then its fine." She responds. 'Wait... where is Angy; didn't she tell you who was calling?' And the eyes marches the whole house trying to find her too. "No she didn't but she said it an important call. Let's wait she will be back." She says also searching.
"Okay, let's go and greet Jason, maybe he will even apologise." Getty says pointing him, while busy chatting with his friends. 'No, I can't.' Lisa denies.
'Come on Lisa it's just to salute than leave, I want him to see that you don't hate him.' She says but Lisa Knott the head. Same time Getty takes her hand and holds it. Lisa tries to break off but Getty is holding and pulling her. "Getty I can't go to him, he is still with his friends." Lisa says pulling back but Getty says nothing only dragging till reaching them.
"Hey guys, how is the party?" Getty asks, now they in front of them. 'We are fine Getty and we hope you are too. But let us leave now; we know that you are here for him.' One of the friends says, pointing Jason, then leave. "Okay thank you, we promise not to be long, he will be yours soon." Getty says while they are moving away. 'Jason, there is something Lisa wants to say.' Getty says and Jason is confused and scared at the same time. 
But Getty I don't...
'It's okay Lisa I am going nowhere. Just say what you want to say.' Getty interrupts, smiling. "What going on my love?" Jason talks first, now more nervously, glancing at Lisa in an upset manner. 'Lisa will tell you' Getty says looking at her. But Lisa is just starring Jason. "Lisa relax, just say what's on your heart." Getty says taking her hand. 'No Getty I can't!' She says and moves from them, leaving Jason confused but Getty just pulls her toward again.
"Okay Lisa, maybe there is a difficult; I will do it for you." She says as Lisa is now back. 'My love Lisa wants to let you know that, she now wants you two carry on with life as friends not this hatred.' She continues lightly looking her while utters and still holding the hand.
'Wow! That's sweet thank you.' Jason says looking at Lisa, but Lisa is just looking on the floor, slightly glancing him. 
'Come on Love, wont you apologise?' Getty says as tipping him. "Oh Lisa, I'm sorry for the pain I caused. I promise it won't happen again." Lisa is looking down, lightly smiling, glancing to him but not allowing Getty to catch anyway. 'Can I go now I think everything is sorted?' Jason says now to Getty. "No sweetie we will go, that all we wanted to say. So forgive us for disturbing you and your friends." Getty says pulling Lisa again to leave now.
As they start going Lisa looks back and smile.
"You see? That's wasn't hard. Now everything is great. To tell the truth I hated the bad relationship you had with my man but I am not blaming you, he is the one to be blamed." She nearly catched her but fortunately she didn't. They are now moving back to their spot, still holding hands.
'Hey guys I have good news!' Angy suddenly come and stands in front of them. "Hey Angy, where have you been, I've been looking for you the whole yard. Before you even tell me you news, I also have marvellous, but you can go first." Getty says smiling.
"No! Mine is huge so be the first." She responds smiling too and the voice is too loud. 'Okay, Lisa and my man are now cool. Jason apologised.' She says and look back to Jason, who is now talking with his friends. 
'Wow! That means my plan worked.' She replies. "But let me tell you mine now..." She continues before they even ask anything. 
"Okay carry on...." Getty says and they both look at her smiling waiting.
'As I'm a manager, I received a call saying that, a big investor we wanted for months now, has agreed to sign a contract with us. What makes me happy is that I'm the reason for all that. And my dad will be proud of me.' She says and the smile is expanding.
"Wow that great" They both exclaim looking at her and clap hands. 'So please guys excuse me, I now have to go and prepare the papers for the investor, but I will check you. So please have a good day I love you both.' She says and same time leaves. "She is a manager?" Lisa exclaims.
'Yeah, on a big company. Her family owns a majority shareholder on it.' Getty says and then continues marching to their position. "She is running a big company!" Lisa is still exclaiming.
Yeah they are rich in her family, but relax one day you will be like them.
"What about you, you also have position at work?" Lisa asks and they are now in the position. She is now looking her. 'For now I'm just a clerk, but before the end of this year I will get a promotion of being a supervisor. And guess what next? A manger!' She says with excitement raising her hand.
'Wow!' Lisa exclaims again. "Relax, one step at a time, you will also get where you want to be." 
"I hope so." She says and looks another way, doubting that. 'Okay, enough about that now, we are here to party. But firstly go to Rob and greet him.' Getty utters, pointing at Rob who is busy talking with Pelly. "He is currently busy, let's not interrupt him." Lisa says looking at him too. Suddenly Jason interrupts.
'Ladies are you holding great?' He says but looking at Lisa and she smiles but hidding. "Yes, is there anything wrong?" Getty asks looking him but he is just starring Lisa. 
"Jason!" She shouts touching him. 'Oh! I'm sorry there is nothing wrong, I just want to see you again.' He is now looking her smiling. "Congratulations Lisa, your life is now getting somewhere." He continues looking her again.
'Thanks Jason.' Lisa responding looking him now straight in the eyes smiling. Fortunately, Getty doesn't suspects anything. She is just smiling too. 
"Okay, okay. Enough now, let's celebrate!" She says now getting between them, facing her man. 'My love don't go anywhere, I want to see you before an end of party.' She says but with a low voice as if sighing. 
'Okay.' Jason responds and leaves. But his way is through Lisa. "Meet me in that room" he sighs to her, making sure he isn't caught. 'Enjoy yourself ladies!' He shouts while distancing from them. 
"Lisa loosen up now and go to your man. Greeting won't hurt. I am warning you, those girls will take him." Getty says and the girls are still near him, but only dancing. Pelly is the one talking with him. 'Not again please!' Lisa says now starting to be annoyed.
'No my friend I have to warn you but I see that you are scared. Let me go and talk with him so that, I can chase Pelly. I don't know why she always his tail.' Getty says and same time goes to them. 
Lisa stands for seconds and then disappears; marching straight to the room planned with Jason. And she makes sure that Getty doesn't see her. "Where is her?" Jason asks while she enters. 'She is talking with Rob and I don't know how long will they take, so make it fast; why am I here?' Lisa asks from a little distance.
"You won't stand there right?" Jason asks, immediately walks toward her and grasps her with an arm. 'No Jason, what if someone catches us?' She says, busy looking in the door but not getting the hands offs her. 
'Come here and stop talking' He says now gentle pulling her.
What if Getty gets in?
But Jason is quiet looking and pulling her. The eyes now to each other and then automatically kisses each other again. 
While still kissing, Getty just enters.
"Lisa where are..." She asks and pauses inside, front of an exit. 'Getty!' she says while there.

CHAPTER 24

'What going on here?' Asking still in the position. 
My love it's not what you think, it's....
"Lisa!" She exclaims, looking at Lisa. 'How can you do this?' She continues. 
I am sorry my love this it's just....
'Shut up Jason!' She shouts not even looking at him. "Lisa I trusted you with all my heart, how can you do something like this?" She utters at the same time slowly moving toward them. And Lisa is slowly moving in another side away from Jason. 'My love I'm sorry I didn't mean this, it just happened.' Finally he gets a chance to speak.
"You are sorry?" Getty asks now looking at him. 'Please sweetie, forgive me I don't know what I was doing. I can't afford to lose you, please!!!' He says same time marching to her and kneels. "What are you doing? Stop embarrassing yourself and stand up. Jeez!" Getty says and immediately raises him but harshly.
'Lisa how can you do this, how do you even...' But the tears stop her. And Lisa is ashamed, only looking down. "Talk Lisa! Why is this happening?" She shouts now as if to grasp her. But Lisa can't stand it anymore; same exits the room without any word.
"What wrong, why are you crying?" Pelly asks while she bumps to her, now with tears. 'Can I please pass?' Saying trying to push her, still gazing down. But Pelly doesn't go anywhere. "No I can't, what happened?" 
'Pelly just gets off!' She shouts and pushes her harder. "Stop acting as if you care." But again Pelly is still, now wanting everyone to notice this. Fortunately Rob sees them and immediately comes.
"Lisa what happened?" Rob asks surprised by the tears. 'Please stop the music!' He continues now looking at the DJ. "What wrong Lisa, is it her?" Now pointing Pelly who is just in front of her. Lisa doesn't respond, only crying and the whole house is now quiet listening to them. 
No! I want to go home.
'No, don't let her go while like this.' Pelly says now holding her. "Lisa tell us what bothering you?" She continues trying to reach the eyes. 'Pelly just gets off me please!' Same time pushing her away but Rob immediately stops the fight before carried away.
"Lisa who did this to you?" Rob asks again and he is the one now holding her. 'Please let me go I can't talk.' She says and push him too but unfortunately, that's a slightly push for someone like Rob. "Lisa I know...."
Same time Getty and Jason comes out chasing each other.
"Getty please let talk about this." Jason from behind. 'My love please waits!' He continues trying to reach her but Getty doesn't care till blocked by the crowd. "Okay Jason talk!" She replies and same time stops, looking him, the whole room is to them now. And Jason is shy. 'You can't talk now?' She says as if she will walk again.
'Let go outside or find another room so that I can explain.' Now nervous, glancing the crowd. "Oh you want to hide now?" She asks opening all the eyes. 
"And then what's wrong between you two?" Rob interferes confused.
Rob shut up; this is none of your business!
'But Getty...' Rob utters but her tears stop him. "Jason, what did you do?" Rob now taking the question to another side. "Rob I only need one favour from you; tell him to stop following me, I owe him nothing." She says now wiping the tears pretending strong. 'What did he do?' 
"Oh, you are scared of him, he is your friend. You know what? You all disgust me!" She says, stares at Lisa and turn away straight to the door. 'Get off the way!' Pushing one of the crowd, out of the way and exits.
'Jason what's going on, why is she like that?' Rob now asking Jason, who is just looking at an exit. "Just leave me alone and ask your girl!" He responds and get out too. Now Lisa is alone, everyone is now looking at her.
"Lisa wait..." Lisa just marches to the door too and shut it without saying anything. 'Lisa, Lisa!' Rob screams from behind but Lisa is too embarrassed to look back.
'Wow you are early today!' Granny says not even looking at her, busy watching television. She is still a little soaked.  Lisa just march to her room without stopping or responding. "Lisa!" She continues but again Lisa ignores her. Straight to her bedroom. Granny suspect and follows.
"Are you crying?" she asks while following. 
'No granny I'm fine.' She responds, already inside the bedroom and door is opened for granny to enter too. "Lisa please tell me I know there is something." Granny says and slowly closing the door looking, looking at her while she is busy wiping tears. 'Relax, granny I will fix this.' She says, continuing wiping tears, now sitting on the bed.
"Lisa I can't relax, I can't relax if you are crying." She says and sits next to her, looking at her.
'Okay, I messed up!' She says raising the voice. "And you can't help." She continues now calmly. 'What did you do?' Granny asks still looking her. "No granny I...." She can't continue.
"Lisa looks at me." She is now in the front, looking her directly. 'Am I a stranger?' She continues.
No but...
'Just tell me what happened.' She interrupts, gazing straight into her eyes and Lisa is quiet for a moment avoiding even her eyes.
"Okay, I kissed my friend's man!" She responds and immediately stands out as running away, facing another direction. 
'What!' she exclaims and stands trying to be in front of her. "I don't know what wrong with me granny." She responds looking in the window now, even though granny is in front. 'And it's too late.' 
"What do you mean?" 
She already knows.
What?
'There is nothing to do anymore.' Lisa says and her eyes still starring the window. "Who saw it?" Granny asks now sitting again. 'It's her granny!' She says, same time turning to her. "Her!" Granny exclaims. 'It's a mess granny.' Same time turning to the window again.
"Wait are you talking about Getty?" Granny asks as if to stand again. But Lisa just ignores her, only gazing outside. 'No Lisa you can't do that to her!' Granny says 
"I wish I can turn things back granny, Getty doesn't deserve this." 
'No Lisa.' Granny says knotting the head, looking at her. "What did she say?" She continues. Trying to reach Lisa's eyes but she is too far. 'She was angry and so disappointed. Granny what wrong with me?' She responds and turns to the granny as if expecting an answer. 
"Lisa, this is mess, you have to go and apologise to her, nothing else." Granny says and stands too. 'No granny! Not now, what if she kills me?' Lisa denies looking at her again. "But Lisa I always warn you about men, look now" Granny says pointing her with all fingers.
I didn't mean this granny!
'What did you expect; you expected a smile while a slut is busy kissing her man?' 
Come on granny you can't call me that.
"There is nothing else to call you" Granny says and the voice starting to be up now. 'A slut granny!' Lisa exclaims. "Yes you are, how can you kiss your friend's man while she is inside a house?" She is now scolding. 'You are a disgrace, sometimes!' She continues.
'Okay granny but now excuse me, I want to be alone.' She can't take it anymore. "No I can't, I have to tell..."
'Granny please gets out of my room!' She now shouts. 
"Don't start doing that and listen to..."
'Just leave!' She interrupts again and same time opens the door for her. Before even closing it again the phone rings.
Hey! Is that Lisa?
"Yes, how are you Angy?" She is still upset. 
I am alright, are you?
I am, how did the investment go?
'That all sorted now, but the reason for calling is to check you. I received a call from Pelly saying that you were crying. Unfortunately I closed my phone before she even finishes, I hate talking with her.' But Lisa just pauses instead
Are you still there... Lisa!
"Yeah" The voice is down now.
Are you alright?
'I am fine it's just....' Tears interrupt her
"Lisa.... you still there? I am worried, what happened, I tried Getty but her phone is closed, so tell me what happened."
'Relax, it's nothing much' She responds now pretending strong. 
Okay Lisa lets meet tomorrow I will send the details
Cool
"Okay, have a great night, bye!" Same time dropping a phone. 
On the next day, a text wakes her. And immediately wake up and do the home chores. 'Lisa, did you sleep well?' Granny asks but Lisa is still upset at her, so she chooses to ignore her. 
Lisa!
"I'm okay." She says, without even looking at her busy cleaning. 'You still upset because of yesterday?' Granny is confused.
Today I have to meet my friend but I will tell you when exiting.
'Who is that friend?' Granny asks but Lisa doesn't have a time to answer, instead she leaves her to clean in another room. Granny just gives up and continues with her chore too. After some time Lisa come off her room changed with the handbag on the hand.
'I am now going' Lisa says not even looking at her. 
"Where are you going?" 
I am going to meet Angy
'Whose is Angy, is that your friend too' Granny ask.
'Yeah.' Responding and same time marching to the door. "What if she kills you Lisa?" But Lisa just ignores her and exit.
"Hey! I'm sorry for keeping you" She apologises and sits before even Angy responds. 'No its okay, you are not late, it's just that I came earlier.' Angy responds, smiling but Lisa just smirks and put her hand bag aside.
'Afternoon ladies, what can I bring for you?' The waiter suddenly comes. 
"Water for me" Lisa says not even looking at her. 'And please bring water for me too' Angy now with a smile. "My friend, are you okay?" She asks but before Lisa even start talking a call comes in.
'An unknown number!' She exclaims while looking at it.
"Who is this?" She asks harshly
Is that Lisa?
Yeah!
'Okay this is Jason; I am currently in Getty's room and I....' Pauses for a moment 
What?
"I've just found her body, with a note here"
A body!
Yes, it looks like she killed herself.

CHAPTER 25

"What?"
'Right now I have to go.' Same time closes the phone. 
"What wrong now?" Angy asks looking her. 'That was Jason.' Lisa responds pointing at the phone, looking her and scowling. "What he want?" She asks. 'Oh I see why you upset, it's....'
'She killed herself.' Lisa interrupts. 
What?
"Getty killed herself!" Lisa says still gazing her. 'No, no, no! My friend won't do that. She is much stronger than that. Sometimes Jason is childish, how can he....' The phone interrupts.
'Hey Rob....' Interrupted again.
"What!" She exclaims 
'No guys please stop this now, please!'
"I sad shut up!" Same time closing it, while Rob talking. 
'What is he saying?' Lisa immediately asks, but Angy is still shocked to answer, only just starring the table. "What did he say Angy?" Lisa asks again, opening all her eyes. 
"No, no, no! It can't be true, I am going there myself." She says same time picking her belongings from the table as about to leave. 'No, this is a lie!' She says while preparing to go. 
'No wait for me!' Lisa says same time gathering hers too. "Are you asking me to wait, while my friend is....?" She can't say it. She is now zipping the handbag, frustrated. 'I even doubt that's really her.' She is done now and it's like now she is losing the mind. Waiting for Lisa.
"No Angy, I can't go." Lisa says looking down and she is now done too. 'Oh you expect me to beg you now for my friend? Actually, what kind of a friend are you?' Same time taking her bag and leave her.
'Okay, let's go!' Lisa says following behind. "No, no, no! That isn't my friend. Why God is...." The tears just come out and stop her from continuing. 'Angy please don't cry, maybe it's not her.' Lisa says trying to comfort her but she is busy wiping tears too.
"No my friend, please God...." Angy says as they enter a car.
'Calm down Angy, you are driving, I'm sure it's not her.' Lisa says as Angy is now speeding beyond speed limit, at the same time busy wiping the tears. "Yeah! It's not her, she don't have any problem. She would have told me if there is something." Angy now trying to comfort herself too. They are now close.
"Where is she......? Where is she?" Same time getting off the car without even turning off an engine. The doors are leaved opened. Everything is obvious to Lisa but Angy still runs to them. 'I'm sorry but you can't go there.' Rob says halting her. "Rob gets off my way!" Angy says, same time pushes him away and runs to the corpse.
'Getty!' She screams before even reaching her. "Getty... Getty wake up, please don't do this!" She scream and same time grasping her, as she is still uncovered. 'Getty please wake, please wake!' She continues, now screaming busy tapping Getty's chicks. She is really gone.
'Mam, please excuse us.' One of the undertakers says, getting closer to her. "Mam please..."
"Don't touch me please! Who are you?" She shouts not even looking at him, busy crying holding Getty. 
'I'm sorry Angy, but let them do....'
"Shut up Rob, shut up!" She says and immediately turns to him. 'This is my friend!' She continues and then to the corpse again. 
'Angy I know it's painful, but let them do their job' Jason now trying to intervene. "You too shut up! You killed my friend!" She shut him too. 'Why you did this Jason, why, why?' She continues and same time cries.
"Angy I know it's painful, we also feel the same thing. But now you have to let them do their job, there is nothing we can do now." Rob utters again, now trying to touch her. 'No!' She shouts, same time looking at him. "This is my friend and she...." The tears stop her again.
'Mr Gibson, if no one is stopping this, then we are forced to leave, we have too much work to do.' The undertaker says as to give up now. "No Mr., I will try talking with her!" Rob says and same time stands in front of them. 'Let them go, we don't even know them!' Angy says not even looking.
Angy....
"Rob leave me alone!" She shouts while he tries touching her.
'If she doesn't want, then we are going....' The man says again, now softly pushing Lisa out of their way. "No, no, no! Don't go!" Lisa stopping them and the tears can't stop coming. 'Angy! I'm sorry but this is their job, I feel pain like I lost a sister, but I can't compare as what you feel. So please sister let them do their job." Lisa now begging but not move toward her, still keeping the distance. Same time before she even respond Rob grasp her and drag her away.
"No, no, no!" She cries but now not fighting, just knotting the head. 
'Thank you mam.' One of them says and same time moves to the body.
"I'm sorry my friend." Lisa is now with Angy, busy trying to comfort her. 'How can this...' The tears stop her. 
'Is there a family member here?' The man says looking at them. "Are you mam?" He continues pointing Angy, but she can't respond still crying. "Sorry but we don't have her family, so we are all her friend." Rob answers first.
'Not even a relatives?
'As I am saying. We don't even know them' Rob replies again. "Then who will be in charge of a funeral?" The other man asks now looking at all of them. 
"I will!" Angy says not even looking at them. 'Okay mam thank you, we now have to take the body. Investigators will come and question each and everyone closed to her.' They say and same time takes the clay to the corpse car.
'Everything will be fine Angy' Rob comforting her as the car leaves. They all go home disappointed, Angy and Lisa crying.
"You are crying again!" Granny exclaims while she enters. 'Everything is my fault granny.' Lisa says wiping the tears and sits. 'What happened now, did they break up' Granny asks confused sitting next to her. 
'She didn't deserve to die, I deserve it.' Lisa says, now more tears are coming. 
"What do you mean now?" 
'It my fault, granny if I didn't do what...' She says but tears intervene. "No Lisa, what happened?" Granny asks touching her shoulder while she is crying, looking down. 'Granny.... Getty is dead.' 
What?
"She is dead and it's my fault granny." She says, glancing at her, then down crying again. 'No, no, no! Did you kill her?' But Lisa is too disappointed to answer that. "Did you fight?" Granny asks again. 
'She killed herself because of me!' Now like shouting with tears. 
Oh my God a pure child!
"Granny I deserve to die too, she must get the justice." Lisa says still with the head down. 'What do you mean' Granny doesn't understand. "I will kill myself too granny that...."
'No, no, no, don't even think of that!' Granny interrupts, talking close to her ears now. "What does the note say?" Granny asks again.
"There isn't a note or anything written. Beside that I know I'm the reason for her death." Lisa utters. 'I don't know how Angy will react if she finds out.' She continues.
But you have to tell her the truth before she even finds out.
'Now?' Asking same time raising the head. "Not now, maybe after a funeral." 
"What if she gets it now?" Asking with the head down again.
Who can tell her?
Maybe Jason will.
Is that the man of a conflict?
'Yeah.' She responds calmly. "I doubt him doing that, but you have to tell him, to be sure, she doesn't."
 'Okay... but please excuse me I want to sleep now.' Same time pushes her away to sit down. 'No Lisa you will sleep on my bedroom.' Granny replies pushing her down.
Relax I will be fine granny
"No! You can't sleep alone in this situation. 'Relax granny I will..."
'No! We will sleep on my room!' She now shouts. "Okay fine, let me go now." Same time pushing her again. 'I will go with you.' This time she doesn't fight back, she helps her and stands too marching to the room. While they are in the bed, phone rings.
"Who's that now?" Lisa says trying to reach it. 'Maybe it's your man.' Granny says and laughs a little, trying to destruct her mind. "It's Angy." 
'What does she want?' 
"Let me read it first." Lisa says and opens it. 'It says there is a meeting at Getty place tomorrow.' She continues after reading. "Did she mention what you will be meeting for?" 
'No but I think it's for the funeral.' Same time putting the phone back to head board table. "Okay. Where is the funeral maybe I can attend?" 
"I think it's in her property" 
She was married?
No she was leaving alone. 
Where are the parents?
'That's a long story granny, let talk about it tomorrow, I now have to sleep.' Same time turning in another direction and granny just gives up and leave her.
In the morning, Lisa is the one to wake first and do home chores as usually up until the time to go. "Granny, I will see you later!" She says and exits. 
"Hey!" She greets, fortunately everyone is now inside.
'I'm sorry for bothering all of you, but we are all here for our friend. So I called a meeting to find the cause of her death. But before I continue I already started with social medias like facebook, tweeter but I found nothing, she lastly....'
"Sorry to interrupts but yesterday I found a pen under the couch." Rob interrupts and raise a pen.
Here?
'Yes, I found it after your exit.' He responds now the hand is down. 
"If that the case, then there must be a later." Same time everyone looks at Jason.

CHAPTER 26

'Jason, didn't you see the note?' Angy asks while looking him. "Why are you all looking at me now, I didn't see any note here." Jason responds and without waste of time marches to another side. 'Okay. Let start searching, maybe we will find something.' Angy says looking the whole house like she is buying it.
"What if she didn't write it?" Jason again, now moving close to her. 'This is waste of time.' He continues now beside her, looking the house too. "No Jason lets search first, this pen mean another thing." Angy says same time moving as if running away from him, opening shelves.
'Maybe she did not want us to bother ourselves about this.' Jason says, now she is standing alone looking at them. "Angy is right my friend, lets search first." Rob says while searching too. 'Thank you Rob, even cops needs our assistance.' She says looking at him, then to the shelves again.
'Okay, go ahead and search, but I doubt that you will find something.' Jason says, moving a little to an exit and light the cigar. "Jason, we need to know why....."
"I said, it fine, you can go ahead and search." He intervenes and same time smokes the cigar. 'As far as I know, she is just a coward. That stronginess was just a pretend.' He continues. 
'No! Jason, don't talk like that, she is our friend.' Rob says but not looking him, busy browsing.
"Hey guys, I'm here!" Pelly says entering without even knocking. 'So, what are we doing? I can't just stay, while Getty was my best friend.' She says looking at them but they are just busy to even look her. "First of all who called you here?" Angy asks and she is the only one who is attending her.
Come on, she was my friend too, I deserve being here.
'Your friend!' She exclaims. "You must be kidding. Listen here; I need you out right now. Maybe you can attend the funeral, but for now, it only us, her friends as you can see." Angy say pointing everyone.
"No, Angy you can't chase me at situation like this." As if to cry now. Lisa is busy searching, she just glance at them, then down again. And Jason is busy smoking in front of a door. 'I think, we should let her stay for now, because Getty was a good hearted woman, she won't like us chase her away.' Rob speaks, looking at all of them.
Yes tell them
Shut up!
'If you want her, then its fine, but let be clear; we are not your friends.' Getty says looking at her, but Jason and Lisa still doesn't comment. "Okay mam."
"Stop that! And let not waste time, go and search to that drawer as everyone. Every letter or note you come across with, just tell us." Angy says pointing at far drawer which no one has touched it yet. 'There is no note!' Pelly asks before even starting the movement. "No! That's why we are searching." Rob says glance at her, then down again.
'You should know something guys, you were her closest friends.' Now uttering heading to the drawer but at the same time looking at them. "What do you mean?" Rob asks looking at her. 'I mean someone between you, should know why this happened.' She is now in the drawer. 
"Rob, I told you about this friend of yours." Angy say pointing at Pelly who is about to start the search. 'What did I do now?'
'Just shut up! We are looking because we all know nothing, why can't you hear?' Rob says now shouting. "But Rob this doesn't make a sense."
"Shut up and search, what going on with you?" He is now annoyed. Same time Pelly is down browsing.
'Jason, what do you say about this?' Pelly asks but Jason is too upset to answer that question, busy searching too. "Jason!" She shouts now. 'I think we are wasting our time here. Getty didn't want s to know about her death.' Uttering while busy searching. "But there is was a pen Jason, in the same place she killed herself in, there must be a letter." Angy say looking him
"There was a pen!" Pelly exclaims, leaving everything and looks at them. 'Yeah, that's why the research should continue.' Angy responds and same time continues with the browsing. "Okay, if that the case, then there must be a letter." Pelly says. 'But I don't understand, what was going to be written there?' Asking looking at them
'Would you please shut up and search!' Rob shouts, looking at her, knotting the head. "I'm sorry, I am now quiet." Same time going down and search. 'Wait... Jason, what was wrong at the party, what were you fighting for?' She asks now looking Jason.
"What fight now?
"I also recall that moment Jason, what was the matter?" Rob asks too. 'They were fighting?' Angy asks looking at them. 'Yeah and she was really upset.'
'Now are we going to go back to every argument I had with her?'
"No Jason, but we need that information." Angy utters looking at him. Lisa is now starting to get worried. 'Okay, she cached me, busy showing some girls the house, laughing with them, then the jealous started. But I doubt that is the reason for committing suicide, she was too much strong for that. And we always have fight with her.' He responds and same time down with searching, avoiding too much questions.
'Yeah, you are right, I also doubt that.' Angy speaks. "Maybe this is about her family, maybe they showed up, who knows?" Jason says looking all of them. 'That's why we should continue with our research.' Angy says, at the other side Lisa is busy glancing Jason. "But it looks like we searched everywhere now Angy." Rob says now tired.
"Come on Rob, maybe we are close, let carry on." She responds. 'Lisa how is it going there, you been wordless for too long now, don't you find something?' She continues, now looking Lisa, but Lisa is just starring at Getty's photos.
'Lisa!' Rob with a loud voice now. 
"Sorry!" 
'Do you find something?' She asks again. 'No, there is nothing and I think we won't find anything here.' She says throwing back the pictures as give upping now. "That's what I was saying, we won't find anything, this is a waste of a time. And I'm tired now." Jason says same time leaving everything and marches to an exit again.
"Come on Jason, you've just started the research and you are already tired!" Rob says smiling a little and knotting the head. 'But they are right Angy, let do this some other time.' He continues looking at her.
'Okay, guys let take a break, we will continue next time.' She says and immediately leaves her position too. But Pelly is still browsing, looking at the make ups. "Pelly stop now we will continue another time." Rob says while heading to an exit too. 'Come on guys, let stay an hour at least, maybe we will find something.' She says looking at them smelling a lotion on her hand.
'No Pelly, we are stopping, what's wrong with you?' Angy shouts looking back to her. "Rob tell...."
"Rob what? We are stopping now, finish!" Jason intervenes, shouting too. 'But guys!' She says and immediately leaves everything. 'Thank you Jason, this woman is crazy.' Angy add looking her while exiting. "Let go please, I'm hungry now." Rob says, now holding a door as to close it. 'Angy, is there a reason for continuing?' He asks as Angy is now outside.
'Obvious not, there is nothing here.' Jason responds first.
'Yeah Rob, maybe Jason is right, there is nothing to find here, I now believe my friend didn't want us to bother ourselves about her.' She is now giving up. "Yeah, finally, you agree with me." Jason says as he is now closing the door.
"Sorry Jason, can I talk with you?" Lisa finally talks. 'Okay, what is it?' He responds looking at her and they are all looking her now, still heading to the gate. "In private." Same time stopping letting others to proceed. 'We are alone now, talk!' 
'Let wait for them a little.' She says moving a little bit back, but looking at them.
"So Rob, where is you and Lisa now, she wants a marriage, so you need to hurry up." Angy say while heading to the gate. 'Yeah she is beautiful, but as for marriage; I don't think she is qualified being my wife.' Rob says glancing back at them, but Lisa looks another way, as if she didn't hear.
'Please let change the topic, I don't want to talk about her.' Rob continues.
"Why are you quiet now? Talk!" Jason asks looking her straight in the eyes. 'Oh, I'm sorry' she responds, same time putting and attention back to him. "But I wanted to ask what's going on?" She continues.
'What do you mean?' Jason s confused.
What happened to Getty?
"Lisa, I don't understand, everyone know that Lisa killed herself or are you now suspecting me?" He asks looking her; the eyes are all opened now. 'No, but you and me knows very well why she killed herself.'
'Unfortunately I don't, maybe you know.' He responds looking another way as to leave now. "Where are you going now?" She asks grasping him with an arm. 'Where am I going? Am I now your child, do I have to report everywhere I go?' He harshly takes her hand away.
"Oh! Let go so that I will tell her what happened." Lisa says and immediately leaves him but Jason just looks at her. 'Okay you won!' He shouts following her. "She killed herself because of us." He finally confesses. "So where is the letter?" She asks showing an empty hand as to now receive it.
'Come on there is no need for it now, let's leaves this.' He says begging. "Do you want me to tell them or what?"
Okay, I burnt it
"You are such a bustard!"
I dint have a choice, our names were there.
'Oh! Okay, so what about the kiss?' Lisa asks.
What about it now?
"What are we going to do next?" Lisa asks slightly looking at Rob and the crew who are now far away. 'No, don't twist this; that kiss meant nothing, I only love Getty. I was just causing a conflict between you two, so that you can stay away from her, so stop fooling and embarrassing yourself, I don't even like you.' Jason says and same time leaves her wordless.
She returns home with so much disappointment
'What's now?' Granny asks and scowls.
"I should have listen to you granny" She says wiping the tears. 'What happened?'
'I now believe, there is only one man who truly loves me.' She says and pause looking her. "That's Erick granny. I will make sure that I get him back in my life, he is who I need."

The end!


About an author
Ballad Turner is a young author from South Africa who is only 21 years old. He currently lives with his grandparents, although his parents are still alive.
He studied from Primary School called Mophela and then move to higher grades at Gabi gabi high School. From there he wasn't able to continue to University because of the fees, so he decided to do a self studying; (studying without a guardian). Although it still difficult but he is doing it anyway. He saw his talents while home watching every short story done at school. And he is willing to live up to it.
