
By:
Nely Cab


THIS book is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places and incidents are the product of the authors' imagination or are used factiously.  Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events or locales is entirely coincidental.

NO part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form without permission.  Please do not participate in or encourage piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author's rights.  Purchase only authorized editions.

Creatura
Copyright ©2014 Nely Cab
All rights reserved.

ISBN: 978-1-63422-111-5
Cover Design by: Phat Puppy
Typography by: Marya Heiman
Interior Formatting by: Courtney Nuckels
Editing by: Cynthia Shepp

~Smashwords Edition~

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




For my baby sister, Krystle, who believed in me from the first written words.




Hope deferred makes the heart sick, but a longing fulfilled is a tree of life. 
~Proverbs 13:12





For more information about our content disclosure,
please utilize the QR code above with your smart phone or visit us at
www.CleanTeenPublishing.com.




Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Epilogue
About the Author
Acknowledgements




February 5, 1:01 A.M. 
In my dreams, he watches me. Haunts me. He’s the cause of my nightmares and the dread of my nights. 
My name is Isis Martin, and I’m seventeen years old. I suffer from a sleeping disorder. After three months, I’m finding it difficult to function on one or two hours of sleep per night.
Today, I have another session with Dr. Jameson. He’s my best friend’s dad and the only psychiatrist in town. He suggested I start a journal to release my stress, and maybe one day, I’d be able to sleep again. He says my recurring dream is only a reflection of my anxiety to sleep, but there’s something that tells me he’s wrong.

February 23, 12:14 A.M.
Why do you plague me like this, haunting my dreams and taking over my thoughts? I do nothing to evoke you, and yet, you come to me every night. You keep me under your watchful eye. Do you find pleasure in my fear? I haven’t led a normal life in months.  
What are you?
Tonight, in my dream, I was lying in that field of flowers without a worry in the world. I could actually smell the poppies. As I turned to see the sunset, there you were again. Why do I fear you if you’re nothing but a black silhouette in the distance, taunting my nerves? 
Three sleepless months I’ve had to live with you in my subconscious. The psychiatric sessions do nothing for me, and now they want to drug me. I refused, of course. I’m seventeen for goodness sake! I don’t want to be dosed up for the rest of my life.
My mom focuses on the dark circles under my eyes when she speaks to me. What can I do if the problem is in my head and not elsewhere? I despise you.

February 29, 5:45 A.M.
You walked toward me tonight. I was petrified. You growled at me and paced back and forth in the meadow like a savage beast. All I can see is your dark shadow and the glistening of your eyes. 
I cursed you for my sleepless night and wished I had taken the sleeping pill. The doctor says I have to make myself believe you are nothing and nothing you will become. It’s so easy for him to say. The panic I feel in my sleep is all too real. I know I’m at fault for feeding it. How can anyone live like this, awake through the night?


I had always been able to control my dreams. I don’t know how, but I could. In my sleep, I discovered worlds that only existed in my imagination. My favorite was a poppy field where the sun rested over the horizon, frozen in time for no one else but me. The meadow with the odd- shaped tree that I had named Infinity was my private haven and my emotional sanctuary. In that faraway land, night never came and day never broke. It was the place where tears did not fall and worries did not exist… until the nightmares began. 
***
I didn’t have the energy to doll up before school. Using black kohl, I drew a line over the top of my eyelids and followed with a coat of mascara, leaving rosy cheeks and glossed lips as a thing of the past. I paused to examine my reflection in the bathroom mirror. The girl that gazed back at me didn’t look too hot. She wasn’t even lukewarm. But at least her hair was straight-ironed.
It was a hot and muggy March morning as I walked to Los Fresnos High School. I began walking to school right after the dreams started so I could be alert—a morning ritual that consisted of coffee in hand and Green Day’s Boulevard of Broken Dreams blaring on my iPod.
As I crossed the main street, I was tempted to stop for a refill of coffee at the gasoline station’s convenience store, but decided against it. I could only take in so much caffeine before my legs started to shake.
Los Fresnos, Texas is a typical small town with a scant population of about 5,000 inhabitants. It’s the type of town where everyone knows everyone. It’s located at the southernmost tip of Texas, bordering Mexico. The weather is humid, hot and sunny most of the year. I wasn’t a fan of either the heat or the humidity, but I had been forced to grow accustomed to it, having lived here my whole life. 
The town is peaceful, reserved and only a few miles from several small surrounding cities, which is where the town’s people do their shopping. All in all, it’s a pretty monotonous place. It’s a safe little town to walk around in, even at night. 
Every day, my best friend, Andy, waits for me at our usual table in the cafeteria with her boyfriend, Bill. I don’t have one of those anymore—a boyfriend. 
Walking alone through the school doors, I remembered the three-year high school relationship with Gabriel, the guy my friends swore was destined to be my husband. Gabriel was a freshman at Florida State University. He graduated early from high school with an academic scholarship and jumped right into the spring semester. I was very proud of him then. 
“Isis,” he said to me before he left, “I’ll be back every chance I get, I promise. You won’t even have a chance to miss me. We’ll talk on the phone every day. We’ll chat. We’ll text. It’ll be like I never left.” Looking into his brown eyes, I believed everything he said. 
One month after he left, I found out how much Gabriel cared for me when he dumped me via text message. What a cruel way to break up with someone. I kicked myself for not seeing the warning signs. Gabriel never visited after leaving for Florida State. He made excuses not to talk to me. I attributed his behavior to his heavy class load. When I received the break-up text, I ran to Claire and cried.
Claire is my mom. When I was a little kid, I used to call her Claire because everyone else did. I assumed it was normal. It wasn’t until I was in Kindergarten that she insisted I stop calling her by her name. Now, I call her “Mom”, but in my head, she’ll always be my Claire. 
Claire had warned me not to get too serious. She persuaded me to continue having friends because she saw that Gabriel consumed all my time and that my group of friends had started to dissipate.
“You need time for girly things,” Claire had said. “Friends will always be there when boyfriends aren’t.”  
My mom knew what she was talking about. My dad cheated on her so many times that I don’t know how she had the strength to endure the humiliation. Everyone in our little town knew about his infidelity, but no one said anything. Not to her face, anyway. 
I was twelve when she told me she was filing for divorce. “My heart is done breaking,” she said. “It’s time to begin repairing it.” She never mentioned my father’s cheating, but I always knew. 
I was glad I had listened to her. I still had one shoulder to cry on. Andrea “Andy” Jameson had been my best friend since we were five. When little Billy Nesbit put a frog down the back of Andy’s shirt in kindergarten, I stuck it in his mouth to teach him a lesson. I was suspended for a day, but I would trade a lost day of school for a best friend like her anytime. We were inseparable from that point. Ironically, little Billy Nesbit was now Andy’s boyfriend. 
***
“’Sup, guys?” I tried to sound awake and full of energy. 
“How’d you sleep?” Andy asked, fishing a tube of makeup out of her cosmetics bag. 
“The same. Close to three hours, I think.” I set my book bag on the table and took a seat, waiting for Andy to work her magic on me.
“Sleepy?” 
“Mhh,” I moaned.
Andy took a cosmetic sponge and dabbed the makeup on it. With her pinky, she pushed my hair away from my face and began to cover the dark circles around my eyes.
Bill shook his head. “Just take the pills, Isis. You look a little more like crap each passing day.”
“Nice,” I scoffed as Andy continued to dab. “Do you use that same poetic charm on Andy?”
“He’s right, you know,” Andy said as she twisted the cap back on to the concealer tube.
“I’m considering it,” I said.
I took the compact mirror that Andy was holding up in front of me and looked at the layers of makeup under my eyes. 
“Well?” Andy asked.
“I look like the undead.” 
Andy nodded. 
“I’m so exhausted of being…” I paused to think of the right word, “exhausted.” I took a deep breath and lay my chin over my arm on the table.
“So is it fear of sleep or insomnia?” Bill asked.
“It makes no difference if the end result is sleepless nights, right?” Andy answered before I could. “My dad says you only have to try the pills for a few days to see how you react to them.”
“Your dad’s been talking to you about me?”
“Of course not. You know how he feels about doctor/patient confidentiality. I overheard him on the phone with your mom.” She bit her nail for a second. “Well, okay, I might have been eavesdropping, but with just cause. I’m worried about you.”
“Can we please talk about something else?” Bill complained. “We’re young. We’re supposed to be talking about music or movies. Haven’t you two ever heard of YOLO?”
“But she’s gotta talk about it. I don’t want her to go deeper into depression,” Andy said.
“I’m not depressed!” I frowned. “Did your dad say that too?” 
Andy paused, and then answered. “Well, no, but…”
“Stop trying to diagnose me. You’re not a doctor, okay? I’m just tired.”
We sat in awkward silence until the lull was broken by shrill laughter from the cheerleaders’ table. 
“What the hell is Jean Murphy so happy about today?” 
Andy turned to look at Jean. “You used to laugh too, remember?” 
“Her voice just gets under your skin. Make her stop.”
Bill grabbed his notebook and stood up. “Nope, she’s not depressed. She’s a grumpy old woman with insomnia, digestive problems, and a houseful of cats. ”
“I don’t own cats,” I said, suppressing a smile, “and my digestion is fine, thank you.”
Bill laughed. “I have doubts about that last part. I’ll bring you a big bag of prunes tomorrow, you old hag.” 
I waved him off and rolled my eyes. Andy giggled and smacked a kiss on his cheek. 
 “The bell’s about to ring.” Andy said, pulling me off the chair. “Let’s get to class before the stampede starts.” 
***
After school, Bill and Andy drove me to Dr. Jameson’s in Bill’s red ’67 Mustang. Claire was already seated in the waiting room. She worked half a block away at the county courthouse as the administrative paralegal to the judge. She had managed to get that job after a lot of struggle.
A few months after my parents were divorced, my dad passed away of a sudden heart attack. Dad was only thirty-one years old when he died and left my mom a lot to deal with. Claire said that being a waitress wasn’t going to cut it anymore, so she put herself through night school and got a degree as a paralegal. I don’t know how she managed a house, a job, school and a kid, but she did it, and I admired her for it.
Not to sound weird or anything, but my mom was hot. Claire was thirty-five years old. She had beautiful brown hair, huge, copper-brown eyes, and a body I wished for. I didn’t understand why in the world she was single. I really wanted her to find someone that would treat her right, but she always told me Mr. Right just hadn’t shown up on her doorstep yet.
“Hey, Mom.”
“Hi, hon. How’re ya holding up today?”
“I’m okay,” I lied. 
Dr. Jameson’s assistant called me into his office before Claire could bombard me with questions about symptoms of depression she had highlighted on a pamphlet that she was reading. It was starting to irritate me that everyone close to me pretended to be a doctor.
Dr. Jameson sat behind his desk when I walked in. He was the only one allowed to bombard me with questions about my mental health as far as I was concerned.
“So do I show signs of depression, Dr. Jameson?” 
“Isis, I can’t diagnose you with depression, or any other illness other than insomnia. The only thing I can suggest is to take the medication I prescribed so you can sleep. It’s obvious that the fear of this recurring dream has the upper hand in your case. You need to let the dream play out. I’m certain that you’ll see that there is, in fact, nothing to fear.”
“I started writing that journal you suggested, Dr. Jameson.” I was hoping to steer him away from the medication issue by showing him that I was following his other advice.
“That’s great, but it would be even better to hear that you’ve slept. Can I count on you to take the medication tonight?”
“Instead, what if I promise to keep writing in my journal?”
The doctor raised an eyebrow. “How about you promise to do both?”
The chair I was sitting in quickly became very uncomfortable.  I looked down at my feet and shook my head. “Sorry.” 
“But, Isis, this is for your own good.”
I looked up at the doctor, but said nothing. He went on to lecture me about the effects that sleep deprivation had on the brain and the body. When he was unable to sway me, Dr. Jameson called Claire in. I waited outside.
As we walked to the car, I noticed Claire’s brow line was in a deep crease. “You’re taking that pill tonight, Isis,” she said as soon as we were in the car.
“No, I’m not.” I didn’t like contradicting her. Mother-daughter fights were unusual with us, and I didn’t want to start one over this.
“I’m not asking you, I’m telling you.” She put the key in the ignition but didn’t turn it. “Don’t you think I deserve a little compassion? I work all day. I feed you. I do your laundry. I do all the housework.” She lifted my face so that I could see her. Tears were threatening to spill from the inner corners of her eyes. “I haven’t had a sound night’s sleep in two months because I keep getting up to check on you. I need rest, Isis. We don’t have the luxury of having a man in our lives to care for us. We have to take care of each other.”
Claire wasn’t prone to tears very often, but recently she had become more emotional. That scared me. 
“Mom, c’mon don’t cry.” I reached over to her.
“I’m worried, Isis. You don’t sleep. You hardly eat. Are you on drugs? Tell me what it is, and I promise I won’t get mad. I promise.” She sniffled. “Let me help you.” 
“Mom, I’m not on drugs, and I’m not doing this to you on purpose.” 
Claire’s face was flushed and her mascara was streaming down her cheeks. I didn’t like seeing her like that. I took in a deep breath and exhaled. “I’ll take the pill, Mom. I’ll take it tonight, okay?”
***
I glanced at the clock; it was nearing ten. Claire reached across the kitchen table, handing me a glass of water and the sleeping pill. I sighed, setting the pill on the table and staring at it like I was about to swallow cyanide.
To be honest, I was scared to take the pill. I was afraid of not being able to wake from my nightmare, afraid of having to see that hideous grey figure. 
“You promised me,” Claire said, setting her hand on her waist.
I glanced at her and gave her a grim smile.
“I know,” I said, taking the little white pill in one hand and the glass of water in the other. I put the pill in my mouth. “Sweet dreams, Isis,” I said, and then I gagged. The pill started dissolving on my tongue with an explosion of bitterness. I gulped the water to flush it down. “It’s disgusting!”
 “You’re such a baby,” Claire mumbled, walking out of the kitchen with a happy curve on her lip. 
At 3:30 AM, I woke from another nightmare and found my mom asleep next to me. I had slept for five hours. The medication was still at work inside my body. I felt drowsy, but I willed myself to sit up. I had to fight it. I wouldn’t let myself dream that same horrible dream twice in one night. Claire felt me creep out of bed and followed me downstairs to the living room. 
“Go back to bed, Mom,” I whispered. 
She shook her head, slurred some incoherent thing about ducks, and fell asleep on the couch. As I watched her ease into her own dreams, I thought about how long she had tolerated the lack of sleep. 
I didn’t tell her I wasn’t able to sleep until a month had passed, for fear that she might do just this ⎯ stay up with me. And to think, she’d have to work tomorrow while I could slack off at school. 
I grabbed a quilt from the coat closet and placed it over her. Since it was still fresh in my mind, I started jotting my dream in my journal on the kitchen table. 
***
March 2, 3:39 A.M.
The sleeping pill did its job. I fell asleep within half an hour of taking it. I wish it hadn’t worked at all. 
Hiding behind the Infinity tree, I saw you with a little more detail this time. You’re a muscular human silhouette. My heart raced as I watched you in the distance walking toward me, snarling. I slept a full five hours before you ran toward me, your menacing growls reverberating through my chest. I woke in a cold sweat. 
The doctor wasn’t right about letting my dream play out. I’m more afraid than I had been in our previous encounters. 
I fear you, but I won’t live like this anymore. I’m going to confront you tonight. Tear me apart if you want, but you will haunt me no more.
***
Claire opened my bedroom door as I curled the ends of my hair with my flat iron. Her hair was pulled back in a bun, and she looked rested and beautiful in her navy pantsuit.
“Hun, I left you some pancakes on the table. Call Dr. Jameson to tell him how you felt after taking the pill. Keep the caffeine intake to a minimum today and please, please remember to lock the front door. You’ve been so absent minded lately,” she said, all in one breath. 
“Will do,” I said, twisting the flat iron on the last strand of hair that needed curling.
Claire walked over to me and kissed my head. “Thanks for taking the medication, baby. You have no idea how relieved I am.” She took one last look at me, smiled, and closed the door. 
“I’m off to work!” I heard her yell down the hall. 
“’Kay!” I hollered back, setting down the flat iron.
My eyes felt heavy as I looked at my reflection in the bathroom mirror. Today the girl that stared back at me looked like she was making an effort. But that was just a likeness of the girl that once was. On the inside, the nightmare was on automatic replay in her head. Would it ever stop?
I took a closer look at the dark circles under my eyes. They didn’t change much overnight. I applied more concealer than usual to keep Andy from worrying. My cell phone rang while I was dabbing the last of the makeup under my left eye.  
“So, you need a ride today, or are you still sleepwalking to school?” Andy teased.
“Ha… I’m walking.”
“The pill didn’t make you sleep?”
“Yeah, it did. I slept about five hours or so.”
“What’d you dream?”
“Same thing, only…” I paused, “with a little more detail to the beast.” 
“Tell me about it at school?”
“Sure. Let me finish getting ready.”
A car honk on Andy’s end of the line made me pull the phone away from my ear. 
“Bill just got here. Sure you don’t want a ride?”
“I need the walk, but thanks,” I said.
“Suit yourself. See you in a bit.” 
***
At school, I told Andy and Bill how that thing in my dream had leapt and ran toward me, growling. This was the first time I told them a detailed account of any dream.
“Do you think it might be something, you know, having to do with demons or evil spirits?” Bill asked. 
“Bill…” I closed my eyes and shook my head. “I did not need to hear that. I already pray like a religious fanatic. You’re only adding to my nightmares.”
“Geez, Isis! Why didn’t you ever tell us how scared you really are? Does my dad know about this?”
“Of course.”
***
For most of the morning, I couldn’t seem to get Bill’s words out of my head. Demons or evil spirits. I felt drowsy and unable to direct much attention to my morning classes. I wasn’t looking forward to taking that pill again since all it did was prolong the nightmare. But I would take it, and I would confront the creature. 
At lunch, I called Dr. Jameson to tell him how my night had gone. He wasn’t too pleased that I had only slept five hours. He suggested I take the pill earlier and double the dose. I tried to argue, but then I remembered how much Claire wanted me to cooperate. I didn’t want to see her break down again. I’d bear it for my mom’s sake. 
***
At exactly eight o’clock, Claire had a glass of warm milk waiting for me at the kitchen table. She extended a fist, and then opened it, revealing two pills, instead of one. I took them without argument. Claire walked me to my room and sat on my bed as the medication eased its way through my blood stream. 
“You don’t have to sleep with me, you know? I’ll be okay.” I patted Claire’s hand as she tucked me in like she had done every night until I was eleven. 
“I’ll just stick around until you fall asleep,” she said.
My head felt fuzzy, and my body started relaxing. This part of the sleeping process I didn’t mind. It had been a long time since I felt calm before falling asleep. Maybe tonight would be different from the rest. Maybe, just maybe, tonight I would dream something pleasant. 
When I woke into my dream, I lay in a familiar field surrounded by a bed of golden-orange flowers. The Infinity tree waved its newborn leaves in a symbolic “hello”.  
The scent of sandalwood danced on my nose along with an aromatic wave of flowers. I inhaled the sweetness in the air. Poppy petals caressed my skin, imitating the finest of silks ever woven. As I turned to admire the lavender and rose-colored sky that so brilliantly contrasted with the meadow, I saw it—its dark shadow in the distance. I knew it would be waiting. With apprehension, I stood and forced myself to walk toward the shadowy presence. I wanted to stop when I saw it spring forward, charging toward me, but I was tired and angry and wanted this nightmare to end. I kept going. I wouldn’t be intimidated by a figment of my own psyche. My dreams were mine to control. 
As this thing saw me approach, it let out an echoing growl that bounced off my chest. It charged toward me at an unbelievable pace. I shut my eyes but continued to walk toward it. My heart raced with fear. Desperate for strength, I started to recite the Father’s Prayer, but I couldn’t remember the words. I kept waiting for the oncoming attack. I listened in terror to the sound of its heavy feet approaching me. All of a sudden, the meadow grew silent, and I couldn’t hear the creature’s steps anymore.
I opened my eyes and tried to focus. The blood drained from my face as I found it standing in front of me, its cold glare penetrating my eyes. Its snarls resonated like rolling thunder through the field. My trembling legs threatened to collapse as it held my stare. I was frozen, unable to even blink. Its contour became a blur to me. As it saw that I had no intention of retreat, it took a step back, and my eyes regained focus.
The monster was no monster at all. He was a tall, sculpted young man. His hair was as black as a raven’s glossy coat of feathers. His skin was the color of pure gold and his eyes were a rare indigo blue. And to my surprise, he had wings. The wingspan had to be at least six feet across, which made his stature appear even more colossal. He wore nothing but a white, gold-lined loin skirt. My mouth dropped. I was speechless. 
“Why do you keep coming here?” he asked.
I struggled to speak, still in shock from that which I had thought was a monstrosity. He was somehow angelic, crafted in perfection, and beautiful all over. 
“Why are you here?” he asked again.
I snapped out of my daze and stammered, “This… this is my dream.” I drew up courage from some hidden place and plowed ahead. “I control my dreams, and I’m not afraid of you. You’re just a fictional character in my overactive imagination.”
He sat on a large rock, a fist under his chin as if in thought. We stared at each other, neither of us speaking.
“You have no business here. Leave… now,” he said, finally. 
“Who are you to kick me out of my own dreams?” I said.
“I’m your dream weaver, my lovely. Something you are ignorant of in your reality.”
“No. You’re only a figment of my imagination, and I’m not afraid of you.”
“You’re a sprightly little thing, aren’t you? Just full of charisma.” His smug tone made me dislike him even more. He stood, took a few steps in my direction, and let out a vicious growl. 
I whimpered.
“You lie when you say you do not fear me. You fear me plenty.”
“What’s there to fear if you aren’t real?” 
“Oh, on the contrary, I’m plenty real, and I can prove it.”
“Prove it then. I’ll be waiting.”
I heard another low growl forming in his chest, his Adam’s apple vibrating. He jumped up and set his face an inch away from mine, then bared his teeth as his top lip quivered. I prayed like my life depended on it. He softened his glare, took a step back, and vanished, leaving behind a cloud of golden shimmer. He was gone. I sat underneath the Infinity tree with a wide smile across my face. The field was mine to dream in again. 
***
For the first time in months, I awoke to the blaring of my phone alarm. The sound of a bomb siren that I had programmed into the phone scared the bejeezus out of Claire, who sprung off the bed and landed on her hands and knees on the floor. I burst out laughing, unable to help her up.  
“Turn that stupid thing off!” 
After I quieted the alarm, I tried as hard as I could to help her stand, but ended up rolling on the floor, cackling. I could tell Claire was holding back a smile.
“Too funny!” I laughed. “The look on your face…”
“Shut up and get dressed,” she said, slamming the door to my room. I could hear her giggling in the hallway.
***
I arrived at school smiling and a little drowsy from the medication. Bill was the first to notice my mood. My glossy eyes must have tipped him off.
“Are you high, or did you just get some sleep?” 
“Both. I slept the whole night.”
Andy handed me an oatmeal cookie. 
“You look better,” she said. 
“Yeah,” I yawned. “But I’m so sleepy.”
“So, tell me about your dream.”
“I confronted him, Andy, and get this. He wasn’t a monster at all. He was just a guy with wings and gold skin… who growled a lot.”
“A golden boy with wings? Yeah, that’s scary alright.” Bill rolled his eyes. 
 “Wow! Maybe he was an angel,” Andy said.
“Trust me, he was no angel. He growled at me, and right in my face. I was so scared that I thought I needed a new pair of undies. He’s gone, though. I told him I wasn’t afraid of him and—poof—he was gone. I hope he’s gone forever.”
“Call my dad to tell him the news later,” Andy said.
“Mmm hmm.” I nodded, putting the last piece of the cookie in my mouth.
***
It was hard to stay awake through my morning classes. During lunch, I updated Dr. Jameson on my condition. 
“Isis, I hear you slept like a baby.” I wondered if it had been Claire or Andy who had gotten the news to him first.
“I did, but I’m way too drowsy. I think I should cut back to one pill again.” 
“You might feel that way until your body grows accustomed to the medication. We’ll continue with two pills. Just remember, no operating any heavy machinery during Home Ec.,” Dr. Jameson laughed at his own lame joke. 
“Wait a minute, Dr. Jameson. Just how long am I going to be on this stuff?”
“We’ll try two more weeks and see if that’s enough for you to get your rhythm of sleep back in sync.”
“Two weeks? What if I can fall asleep without the pills?”
“Two weeks, Isis. No exceptions.”
***
In study hall, which is when I usually get most of my work done for the next day, my eyelids were too heavy to keep open. When I rested my cheek on my arm, I was almost instantaneously immersed into dreamland.
 I found myself sitting on a large rock in the meadow. The Infinity tree was in its usual place, several feet away. I twisted my neck in the direction of the sunset to see if that snarling angel was there, but there was no sign of him. 
“Ha!” I smiled to myself. I had indeed outdone my subconscious. No more nightmares. I was finally free.
As I admired the sunset, I felt something heavy land on my shoulder. Startled, I gasped and fell back, landing splayed at the creature’s feet. 
“If you insist on coming here, we might as well make a truce. Although, you’re not supposed to be here, you know? You have no idea of the quandary that may beset the both of us if you’re discovered.” 
“You’re not even real. Why bother?” I said, dusting off my pants, and then returned to my place on the rock, ignoring his gesture to help me up.
“Don’t tempt fate, dear girl. You know not what I’m capable of.”
“You can’t intimidate me,” I said. “I know you’re not real. Look at you, all gold and feathery and… whatever.” I looked away. 
I didn’t see or hear him move, but all of a sudden, he was right in front of me. He took my hand and placed it on his chest. I could feel his heart beating.
“Is that real enough for you?”
“It’s a vivid dream; anything’s possible.”
“You’re stubborn.”
“Oh, I’m so sorry, but I don’t take criticism from people that don’t exist.”
He took my arms firmly and looked into my face. 
“I am real,” he said, adding pressure to the grip he had on me. He released me when I squirmed. He took two steps away from me. I turned away from him, but I felt his gaze on me as I rubbed my upper arms. 
“Forgive me,” he said. “I’d like to know your name.”
I turned to look at him.
“You’ve harassed me for three months and now you want to be my buddy? Pfft… You’re out of your mind. Go flap your wings somewhere else.”
“My sincere apologies, and it hasn’t been three months that I’ve watched you come and go. It’s been almost a year. I don’t understand why you keep coming back even after I’ve tried to lure you away. You’re the only human ever to enter Somnium. The gods would have your head and mine, as well, if they knew you were here.”
Just the night before, this creature almost bit my head off, and now he was Chatty Cathy, trying to befriend me. For a second I wondered if this was a side effect of the sleeping pill. I’d have to check into that as soon as I woke up.
“Stubborn girl?”
“That’s not my name.”
“Tell me your name then.”
“Tell me yours first.”
“That’s childish of you.”
I hated being called immature. I was seventeen and wore real bras now. I was without a doubt mature. 
“I’m not childish.” 
“Then why not just tell me your name… Isis, is it not?”
I gasped. “How did you know that?”
“I know many things. Everything you dream is right here.” He tapped the side of his head with his two fingers.
Suddenly, I remembered that this was a dream—my dream, not his.
“Listen, dream boy, you’re part of my subconscious, and my subconscious knows everything about me. Of course you’re going to know my name. How naive do you think I am?” I turned around and began to walk away. 
“Wait.” He followed, placing his hand on my shoulder to stop me. Out of nowhere, there was that glorious smell of sandalwood. “A proper introduction is in order.”
“I doubt there’s room left for formalities.”
“Then let’s begin again. My name is David.” He extended his arm and took my hand in his, pressing his lips to my knuckles. “It’s a pleasure to make your acquaintance, Isis.”
“Isis...Isis.” I heard Andy’s voice echoing as David shimmered into nothing. 
“He’s not real,” I mumbled as I woke up.
“No, he isn’t. Now, let’s get to class before they count our tardy.” Andy pulled me out of the desk.
In a dash, I grabbed my books, stuffed them into my bag, and rushed to the final class of the day. As I took the tardy slip from Mrs. Vincent, I noticed a glittery gold substance on the back of my right hand. 
“Hey, Andy,” I whispered. “What is this?” I pointed to my knuckles.
“Looks like gold eye shadow.”
“In the shape of lips?”
“It’s probably lip-gloss from when you were asleep last period.”
“But I’m not wearing gold lip-gloss.” 
“Girls!” Mrs. Vincent snapped. “Do you mind if I continue with the lecture?”
“Sorry!” Andy said. 
Was this his kiss? No, it couldn’t be. He wasn’t real. Maybe I did have lip-gloss on this afternoon and didn’t remember. I rubbed the gold smudge to feel the consistency. I was sure now that it wasn’t lip-gloss. The substance was like silk powder. 
From my bag, I fished out my powder compact and looked in the mirror. I wasn’t wearing gold eye shadow either. I rubbed the substance off the back of my hand. Both hands were covered in luminous gold sparkles.
I didn’t tell Andy that the gold dust could have come from that last dream. I’d be crazy to tell her I thought the golden boy could be real. 
***
When eight o’clock rolled around that night, I told Claire I wanted to see if I could go to sleep without the pills. I explained that I had dozed off at school, but she said I needed the help to catch up on lost sleep. 
I closed my eyes and cleared my mind of everything. I was sitting next to a stream in my dreamland, the land that David had called Somnium. I was sure I was asleep, and I felt very much in control of my dream.
“Back again, eh?” The voice coming from behind me made me jump.
“I wish you would stop showing up like that.” My heart pounded hard against my chest.
“As I wish you would, as well.”  
I ignored him and dragged my hand through the cool stream water. After a moment of silence, David took a seat next to me. 
“May I ask you a question?” All of sudden he was “Mister Proper,” again. His mood swings gave me vertigo.
 I shrugged, “Whatever.”
“How did you find this place? You come here every single time you sleep.”
“I don’t know, really. I just think about it when I’m dozing off, and then I’m here, or wherever I want to be.”
“I see.” He looked me over from head to toe.
“What?” 
“You’re quite petite. That’s lovely in a woman.” 
“I’m five feet tall,” I said, feeling uncomfortable with the look he was giving me. 
“Your eyes are alluring. And your lush eyelashes, very exquisite.” He nodded.
“Are you…” I said and cleared my throat, “…flirting?”
“Pointing out your good traits is all. You’re quite lovely when you’re not being ill-mannered.”
 “Oh.” I pressed my lips together. I didn’t take compliments very well. They made me feel awkward. And if anyone should be talking about manners, it shouldn’t be him.
“So… why is your skin gold?” I asked, changing the subject.
“I’d rather not say, as I’m not allowed. You never know who or what may be listening.”
“Well, that wasn’t a weird answer at all. I suppose I can’t ask you what you mean by that?”
“No.”
I felt uneasy sitting in silence with his constant stare. It made me nervous. I turned my head away, focusing on the flow of the stream. David inched closer to me, and a shiver of anxiety bolted through my body. A hypnotizing scent rose from his skin. It was the same scent of sandalwood that I had sensed before in the meadow’s breeze. It had an instant soothing effect, and my anxiety melted away. 
“Your cologne smells nice,” I said.
“Right. I wouldn’t call it cologne.”
“What is it then?” 
“Me.” 
“Sure wish real people smelled that good.”
“Why can’t you believe that I am real?” he asked.
“Because you’re not. Look at you with your golden skin and wings, wearing a skirt. How can I believe you’re real?”
“I can prove it.”
“Oh, yeah? I dare you.”
“Do you, now?” David raised his brow.
“Double dare. And you should wear a skirt that looks more like pants for the occasion.”
“Your clever quips are very delightful, my lovely. Are you positively sure about this?”
“I’ve been waiting for this for three months.” I crossed my arms over my chest. “Bring it on.”
 “Very well. But I have to warn you, I’m quite the competitor.”
“Then there should be a prize for the winner to make it more interesting.”
“You’re proposing a wager?”
I nodded. 
“If I win, you’ll leave my dreams forever,” I said.
He gazed at me for a moment. Maybe it was just my imagination, but I thought I saw a trace of a grin on his face.
“If I should win, you will believe me when I say I’m not a dream,” David said. 
“If you say so,” I snickered. “I guess this is goodbye since I’ll be winning.” 
“And…” he said
“There’s more?”
“And… you will never again come here.”
“Okay,” I said. “Fair enough.”
“And…” he said again.
“That’s too many ‘ands’.”
“And…” he continued, “I bid you not farewell, but good morrow.”
 David tipped his head as he disappeared, leaving behind a cloud of golden dust.
***
When I woke up, there was a smirk on my lips. I was sure my nightmares were over. My life could go back to being normal. 
I got up a little earlier to make it in time for the Spring Festival pep-rally. The Spring Festival in Los Fresnos was an annual fundraiser for the senior prom. I should’ve been excited, but nobody had asked me. 
Instead of the usual spot, I met Andy in the gym. Bill was a football player, so he was off doing his football pep-rally thing, getting the crowd motivated. Suddenly, I remembered I had to leave the rally early to discuss university applications and the admissions process with my guidance counselor, Ms. Albright. I picked up my book bag, said goodbye to Andy, and headed off. 
The sign-in sheet at the front office had no other names on it. Just as I took a seat, another student walked into the office. From the back, he had a better build than the school’s football players. Nice.
“How do you pronounce your last name?” the clerk asked him.
“It’s like chaos but with a long ‘I’… Chios,” the boy sounded it out for her. He had a subtle accent that I couldn’t place. Foreign exchange student, maybe?
“The counselor will see you in a few minutes. Take a seat, Mr. Chios.” The clerk pointed to the chairs where I was seated. 
I looked away so he wouldn’t know I had been listening in on his business. I pulled out my cell phone and started fiddling with it. The Chios boy sat one chair away from me, and I managed to catch a glimpse of him out of the corner of my right eye. I was very sure he wasn’t from around here. I’d recognize someone that freaking gorgeous. From my first stolen peek, I saw that he had fair skin, high cheekbones, deep blue eyes, and black hair. On the second peek, I observed his cleft chin, his perfectly curved jaw line, and his dimples. Dimples! He looked like a model straight off of the runway. It was obvious he was a new kid. 
“Isis Martin.” The clerk’s voice startled me. “Ms. Albright is ready to see you, dear. Go on in,” she said, scratching my name off the list. 
I bent over to collect my bag from the floor and twisted my head a little to peer at the gorgeous boy. Embarrassed to find that he was looking at me too, I quickly turned away. When I stood up and took the first step, I tripped over my own foot. I was thankful that I hadn’t fallen, but I could feel the boy’s stare on the back of my neck. Could I be anymore pathetic? I glanced at him to see if he was really watching me. He was. 
“Are you alright?” he asked. 
“Fine,” I answered, red-faced.
I walked into the counselor’s office where I found Ms. Albright taking sips of her coffee and munching on a protein bar behind an altar of files. Her bright red curly hair sprung from her head without any particular direction. 
“Hi, Isis. What brings you by today?” she said, reaching for her desk phone and holding her index finger up to signal me to hold my thought. “Yes, I have his schedule right here. I’ll be a few minutes. Thank you, Gladys.” Ms. Albright hung up the phone and turned her attention to me.
“You told me I should come by today to talk about my choices for universities,” I said.
“Oh, yes.” She handed me a thick manila envelope. “Here are some applications for different colleges you might want to consider. Fill them out and drop them off at the front office for me, and I’ll get back to you.” She grabbed a mirror and red lipstick from her purse and began to apply it just as the first school bell rang. “I have a meeting with some parents in five minutes, Isis. I’m sorry I wasn’t able to review the list of colleges with you.” She blotted her lips.
“That’s okay,” I said, getting out of the chair. “I can manage.”
“Before you go, there’s something I need your help with.” She reached for her desk phone again. “Gladys, can you send in the new boy? Thanks.” She hung up the phone and veered to the door. From the hallway, she motioned me to follow. 
The Chios boy met us halfway down the hall where he sized me up. There was something about that beautiful blue stare that disquieted me. 
“I’m your counselor, Ms. Albright,” she spoke slowly, loudly and enunciated every syllable, as she talked to the new boy. “Isis is going to show you around today.” Her red hair bounced as she turned to look at me. “He’s foreign.” She winked at me like she was doing me a favor.
“Is he hard of hearing or something?” I asked her in almost a whisper. 
The new boy stifled a laugh.  
“No, he’s foreign,” she said, again, as if it explained why she was talking to him like his IQ was three. 
Ms. Albright handed the Chios boy his schedule and welcomed him to the school. Without waiting to hear a response from either of us, she called in the married couple that was waiting to speak to her. 
The Chios boy would be the day’s gossip for the school. I was afraid to look him in the eye or even talk to him. It was a new experience because boys had never intimidated me before. What was wrong with me? I exchanged glances with him while the clerk wrote us passes to class so we wouldn’t be counted tardy. At last, we escaped the clerk, and I ignored the butterflies that seemed to be break dancing in my stomach.
“After you.” He opened the office door.
I decided to begin our tour through the school at the cafeteria, which was right across from the office. 
“That’s the cafeteria.” As if he couldn’t see that by himself? He must’ve thought I was a complete moron. 
The Chios boy nodded and kept his eyes on me.
“That’s the gym over there.” I pointed.
He stared at me as we walked, and I could feel myself start to get a little flushed. We headed down the hallway passing the library, the nurse’s office, and some other small offices that I had never visited. He kept silent through the grand tour, which only made me more nervous. 
“I guess, I should show you where your first period class is and you can probably get someone in there to guide you to your second period.” I readjusted the bag on my shoulder. 
“You haven’t even asked what my name is,” he said. I knew I had heard his voice before, but I couldn’t remember where. 
“Oh. Sorry.” My face grew bright red. I couldn’t ask him now that he had put me on the spot. I expected him to tell me his name, but he didn’t. He only stared at me as we continued walking down the hallway. Right before we turned the corner, he stopped. 
“I see you’re shy.”
“Not at all.” I threw my hair back over my shoulder.
Without warning, he backed me against the white hallway wall. My heart started to race. 
“Well, aren’t you going to ask me what my name is?” he asked.
“Don’t… don’t try anything. I can scream.” I could feel my throat drying up. “Campus police will come right away if you pull anything.”
 “I just want you to know my name,” he said. “That’s not a crime, is it?”
I took a step to the side, but he was quick to follow. 
“I’m going to tell you my name, since you’re too shy to ask,” he said.
My heartbeat was at my neck, while my mind sounded off all the things I should do: Scream! Kick him in the tenders! I wanted to listen to my gut instincts, but I couldn’t. I was frozen like a deer in front of oncoming headlights. 
Slowly, he leaned toward my face. 
“My name is David, and I am real.”
 I blinked, recognizing the voice at once. 
“I win,” he grinned.
I opened my mouth in an effort to scream at the top of my lungs, but David pressed his hand over my lips, muffling my poor attempt at crying out for help. 
The blood in my head plummeted to my feet, making me dizzy. The only sound I could hear was my heart thumping deep in my ears. I felt cold sweep through me, and the outer walls of my vision turned into a black vignette that framed a white light. The world disappeared as my legs caved in, taking my consciousness with them. 



The school nurse was standing over me holding a thermometer in my mouth when I opened my eyes.
“Don’t you dare sit up, young lady.” Her left arm rested over my chest. 
It had all been a dream.
“I tried to get hold of your mother at the courthouse,” the nurse said, “but she was busy. I left her a message telling her you weren’t feeling well. She should be calling back soon.” She held the thermometer up to the light. “No temperature. Did you have breakfast this morning?”
“Yes. Why am I here?”
“You fainted,” she said. “If you’re not eating, I’ll have you in here every single day during lunch to observe you.”
“That’s not necessary.” A male voice came from the doorway. “I’ll keep an eye on her for you.”
I sat up on the gurney bed, the blood draining from my face as I saw him standing there. He had to be a hallucination, right?
“That’s very thoughtful of you,” the nurse said.
“You see him, too?” My mouth dropped open.
“Did she hit her head?” The nurse said, examining my scalp.
“I don’t believe so,” David said.
David entered the room with casual steps. I started to hyperventilate. I couldn’t believe what I was seeing. The nurse leaned close to my ear. 
“Close your mouth, dear. Try to play hard to get,” she whispered.
I jumped off the gurney and reached for my bag with my eyes fixed on David. There had to be some explanation for this. Was I still dreaming?
“I have to go home.” I hung my bag over my shoulder. 
“You’ll have to sign yourself out at the office,” said the nurse, handing me an excuse slip.
My hands trembled as I reached for the piece of paper, and the nurse offered to call Claire again.
“No, I’ll be okay,” I told her.
“I’ll accompany her. She’ll be fine with me,” David said, taking a step toward me. 
 Triggered by instinct, I took a step back.
No, I would not be okay with him escorting me. But what was I supposed to say to the nurse? How was it possible that this guy from my dreams was now real? Who would believe me? Not Dr. Jameson, Andy, or Claire. They would have me in a straitjacket before I could have a chance to run.
Maybe nothing happened in the hallway. It could have all been in my mind—a hallucination. I had read about schizophrenia in those pamphlets in the waiting room at Dr. Jameson’s office. My brain might be playing this out by itself and making me believe it was real.
David took my bag and let me lead the way into the hall. Once the door closed behind us, I turned to gawk at him again.
He cornered me between the soda machine and the wall, towering over me.
“You can tell no one. Do you understand?” His face was hard and serious.
He took several steps back and let me through. My ears were hot, and I started breaking out in hives.
“What’s wrong with you?” He frowned as he saw the red patches on my skin.
I started to cry. “Are you going to abduct me or something?” 
“What are you saying?” David pushed me into the side of the vending machine again. “Why would I do that?”
I slid to the floor weeping. David dropped my bag and knelt beside me.
“Forgive me if I’ve frightened you. I didn’t think you’d react this way. You were the one that said…” He lowered his voice. “Isis, you were the one that said you were positive you wanted me to prove I was real. I took your word.”
“This can’t be happening. You’re not real. You can’t be.” I shook my head.
I heard footsteps approaching in the hallway. David turned his head in the direction they were coming from. He wiped my tears and helped me to my feet. I hooked my arm through the straps of my book bag, and as I looked at his stiff jaw, more tears streamed down my cheeks. 
“There’s a female approaching,” he told me. “Stop crying.”
“I can’t.” I wanted to cry out for help, but the knot in my throat wouldn’t let me. I was sure David was some sort of psycho… or an alien. Psychos and aliens abducted people all the time according to the Discovery Channel. Would I be prodded or dismembered? I cried louder.
“Isis, stop,” he said. “She’ll question you.”
He looked over his shoulder and back at me. Then, with a desperate expression, he took my face in his hands. I stopped crying and held my breath. I thought he was about to snap my neck. Instead, he kissed me.
My breathing returned, and I became aware of a subtle sandalwood scent. My body relaxed. My head felt numb, like I was anesthetized. 
“Get to class, kids,” Principal Miller ordered as she walked by. 
The click of her heels echoed a thousand times in my ears, and then I felt my body go numb. David caught me as my legs gave out from under me.  
“Careful,” he said, “I’m lethal.”
“What did you do to me?” I asked, half conscious.
“Forgive me.” David wrapped his arm around my waist. “I had to do something to tranquilize you. The effect will cease in a few minutes.”
“Where are you taking me? You’re going to th… th… thlaugter me?” My tongue would not cooperate.
“No. I’m not allowed.” 
David grabbed my bag and hung it on his arm. He then swooped me up and carried me down the hall. At the corner of the front office, where we weren’t visible to the office staff, he set me on my feet. He helped me walk—more like he dragged me—to the window and knocked on the glass to get the clerk’s attention.
“She’ll be going home per nurse’s orders.” He handed the receptionist the nurse’s excuse, and then he used his fingertips to lift my chin up and closed my mouth.  
“Sign here,” the receptions said, sliding a clipboard to me over the counter. 
David put the pen in my hand, but my fingers were too numb to write. He scribbled my name on the paper and thanked the receptionist. Then he walked me around the corner where he lifted me again. I wanted to kick and scream, but whatever he had done to me was more potent than my body’s reflexes. With my eyes the slightest bit open, I tried to struggle. 
“Stop it, or I’ll put you to sleep,” he threatened in a whisper.
“I don’t have rabies,” I slurred, and I thought I heard him laugh. 
In the student parking lot, he set me down next to a black, shiny car. David opened the door and put me in the seat. He buckled my safety belt and shut the door. I was trapped. My neck felt like gelatin; it was almost impossible to hold my head up.
“You must be sober before I can speak to you,” David said, turning the key in the ignition.
“I’m going to call the police.” My speech was less slurred as I pulled my cell phone from my pocket.
“You will do no such thing.” He snatched the phone from my hand. “You will listen to what I have to say, and then you’ll tell me how you entered Terra Somnium.”
I mumbled a few rude words under my breath.
“That language doesn’t fancy your lips. I would have thought you more proper.” 
I felt embarrassed for my foul mouth, so I stopped speaking to him while he drove.
The numbness was beginning to wear off. I regained feeling in my body little by little. 
“Where are you taking me?” I tugged at the door handle.
“The doors are locked,” David said. “You haven’t given me an opportunity to explain that I mean you no harm.”
“What? You’re kidnapping me and you want me to listen to the reasoning behind it?”
“Yes,” David said, undisturbed by my reaction.
 “You’re a lunatic, you know that?”
 I turned away from him and looked over the luxurious red interior of the car. I touched the silver word embossed on the dashboard in front of me: Maserati. 
“Did you steal the car, too?”
“I’m no thief,” he frowned. “Gifts and offerings from kings and queens established my financial platform. I’ve collected and reinvested my capital for centuries. I don’t require, much less condone, theft.”
Centuries? He was a lunatic.
From under his seat, David pulled out a bottle of water and held it out to me. 
“And, let this be clear: I’m not kidnapping you, nor will I attempt to hurt you in anyway. I simply wish to speak with you.”
He placed the bottle of water on my lap since I wouldn’t take it from him. 
“Where are we going?” I asked.
“Here.” He pointed to the navigation system. 
We were headed to South Padre Island, a beach and tourist hotspot about half an hour away from Los Fresnos. I had about twenty minutes to either conjure up an escape plan or convince myself that I was under no danger.
“I think you should call your mother to advise her that you’ve left school grounds. You have three missed calls from her.” He held up my cell phone so I could see the display screen and handed it to me. “I trust you won’t breathe a word of what has just happened?”
“And what makes you think I won’t?”
“I trust you,” he said, reaching for my hand. “Trust me in return.”
I glanced at his hand on mine as he spoke, and then I looked him over. The black shirt he wore brought out his deep blue eyes, which contrasted with his black hair. He had the palest and most perfect pink lips I’d ever seen. In my opinion, he was an architectural and anatomical marvel. Too bad he was a nut.
I dialed Claire’s cell number, but she didn’t answer. I left her a voice mail. 
“Mom, I know you’re probably worried, but I’m fine. I don’t know what the nurse told you, but there’s no need to check up on me. I got a ride home with… uh… someone, but I’m swinging by the library to work on a project, so I’ll see you this afternoon, okay? Love you.”
“Thank you,” David said when I ended the call.
As we approached the bridge that connects the mainland to “The Island,” I sensed David glancing at me. My stomach started to ache from nervousness. I didn’t know what he was thinking, but I was afraid that I might end up in a shallow, unmarked grave.
After we crossed the bridge, David pulled in to a fast food drive-thru and ordered one bottled water and an orange juice.
“Juice?” He held the cup out to me.
“Thanks,” I said, and I wondered why he was being courteous. 
Kidnapping aside, I remembered the rude words I had called him earlier. I felt uncomfortable with the thought that I had come off as some snotty, foul-mouthed kid. I turned to face him as he pulled into a parking space near the beach. “I’m sorry about earlier… for the name-calling and all.” 
“Under the circumstances, I suppose I should’ve expected it. I just never thought to hear those words spoken by you.” He paused to turn the car off. “Thank you for the apology.”
David was starting to act more like a gentleman and less like a psychotic killer. My nerves eased a little, but my guard was still up. He was, after all, the reason I didn’t sleep for three months.
“Isis, I’d like to share with you who I am, where I come from and how I came to be here. If I do this, you must swear by whatever you cherish the most that you won’t repeat any of the content we discuss today to anyone.”
He rolled down the tinted car windows and waited for my response.
“Lips sealed. Heart crossed,” I said, raising my hand.
I turned my body toward him and rested my back against the car door. I figured if I wasn’t going anywhere, I might as well get comfortable.
“My history is long lived. I am descent of a divine lineage of immortals long forgotten by mortal man. We are many, yet few, compared to mankind. Our history and names have been misconstrued throughout the centuries. I am one of those immortals.
“Your people referred to us as gods.” He paused as if waiting for a reaction from me, but I said nothing.
“Deities were once worshiped by every culture in ancient times⎯before the age of the Greek and Roman Empires, before the age of the Neanderthal, and from the very moment in which mortal man was birthed on Earth. 
“We lived in harmony with each other—the mortals and deities—, that is, until the age of the Roman conquest.
“Two problems arose during that time period: First, a small number of deities became egotistical with their power. A fair number of unscrupulous deities used humans for their own pleasures. They conceived half-human, half-godlike creatures, which resulted in abominations. They were evil and incompassionate beings—savages. The Creatura, as they were called, caused humans to despise gods.
“It was then that humankind rebelled, claiming the gods had cursed them when all humans ever did was offer the gods praise. They saw that fiends were being born of relationships that were strictly prohibited by Deus, the Creator. This created verbal feuds between deities and men.
“Humans then began to accept other faiths, opening the door to religious warfare.
“A war ignited among men, gods, and Creatura. All Creatura were slain. Man, however, was spared by the mercy of Deus, demanding deities to retreat after he saw the tragic bloodshed.
“The Runes—they held the gift of foresight—saw that man and deity would destroy themselves if this continued. There was only one option that could be deemed rational; the gods were instructed by Deus to become invisible to man—all were compelled to obey.
“It was not for hunger for His own worship or conceit from which Deus placed this law in order; but because, you see, man cannot exist without faith. Faith cannot exist without man, for it is faith that keeps the soul aflame. Even His.
“As time progressed, some deities were forgotten and others became fictional characters—their purpose, names, and adventures were continually altered by man through generations. So it came to be, that deities became legends for the children of men to tell.
“Since then, there haven’t been any humans in the lands of gods—except for you. You are the reason why I am here now.
“The land you enter in your dreams rests under my rule. I shape and inhabit dreams. I give divine messages… and divine nightmares to some. Human subconscious structures these dreams. I am, for the most part, a silent contributor. My existence makes it possible for the brain to continue its function while sleeping, keeping it from falling into a coma and certain death.”
“You’re Morpheus?” I asked.
David shook his head. “He was killed in battle.”
“Uh… You do realize how irrational and deranged you sound, right? Everything you’ve told me goes against every one of my beliefs. I mean, how can you be a god?”
“Isis, I will never lie to you. The truth has been hidden from your kind for thousands of years. Some of us lead incognito lives amongst humans. Doctrinal law prohibits deities from having any type of intimacy with humans; we’re not allowed to harm them or transport them to our world. This is why I can’t understand how it was that you found Somnium.”
“Right,” I nodded. “Does the Tooth Fairy visit you there, as well, or…?”
“Be serious.” His lips formed a straight line. “If I’m not who I claim to be, how do you explain my being here?”
“I don’t know.”
“I believe the score is two to one, isn’t it? Accept that I’ve rendered you sufficient evidence to prove my existence.”
“But, if you were so curious about me, why did you torment me every night for months?”
“I was trying to make you flee and never return. I was concerned for your safety.”
“I’m always safe in my dreams. Well, until you happened to barge in on them.”
“Those weren’t dreams. You entered my domain, Terra Somnium. There is a balance there of good and bad, right and wrong, just like on Earth. Deities are very protective of their lands and of humans. I was afraid someone or something would see you and imprison you in the dark realms.”
“For what? I did nothing wrong.”
“Your simple presence. You can never go there again.”
“You won the bet, remember? I can never go back.”
“Glad you remember your end of the bargain.”
David tapped the steering wheel with his index finger. 
“I need to understand you. There’s something about you that’s different from other humans. While I’m here, I’d like to observe you, just as I observed you for that year in Somnium.”
“It was three months.”
“Just because you didn’t see me doesn’t mean that I wasn’t there.” He smiled. “I was somewhat reluctant to try to frighten you away.”
“Why?”
Instead of answering, he reached over and touched my cheek with the back of his hand. I pulled away and hit the back of my head on the window. 
“What are you doing?” I asked.
“I’m sorry,” he said. “You just look so… innocent.”
David opened the driver’s side door and circled the car to open my door. “Take a walk with me?” 
When I didn’t attempt to move, he offered me his hand to help me out. I hesitated for another moment before I took it. 
The beach wasn’t empty. There were people walking on the shore so I felt reasonably safe. David walked beside me to the sand dunes, and then stopped. 
“Should we speak here, or should we walk further into the beach area?” he asked.
“Further in,” I said. I wasn’t taking any chances. I needed to be in the public eye, in case I had to cry out for help.
“Ask me anything you’d like to know. I know you must be curious about me, as well,” he said, picking up a sand dollar.
“You mentioned you were immortal… so, does that mean you don’t age or die?”
“No, we do not die, but we do age. Age depends on how fast one reaches maturity on many levels. It may take millennia. The aging process doesn’t vary much from deity to deity. It’s the same as the human stages of growth, only deferred; the only difference being that at some point in a deity’s life the aging stops.”
“And just how old are you?” 
“In human years, I would be in the age range of eighteen.”
“That’s not what I asked. How old are you, really?”
David scratched the side of his mouth and smirked. “Does it matter?”
“If you want me to trust you, answer my questions. What’s your real age?” I asked again, starting to feel annoyed.
“You won’t believe me.”
“Answer the question or I will scream ‘bloody murder’ for all these people to hear.” 
“Two millennia… well, essentially, closer to three.”
I stopped walking. “Millennia?” 
“Mhh hmm.” 
“Okay, then…” I kicked some seashells into the water as I walked on.
“Do you have a family?” I asked.
“I do. I have a mother, a father, and two brothers. My mother knows of you and expressed her interest in meeting you.” 
“Really? You told your mother about me?” 
“Yes, I had to tell her. She started growing curious about my whereabouts a month after I first found you. I would disappear at the same time every day. I couldn’t keep the secret from her. ”
“Why didn’t you make an attempt to talk to me earlier?”
“I was curious. I didn’t know if you were a deity I had never met before or something else. I noticed you were just interested in walking through the fields and talking to yourself. I didn’t see any harm in that, but when I mentioned you to my mother, she was very surprised. And when I told her I thought you might be human, she advised me to drive you away by any means necessary. If any other deity found that I let you roam Terra Somnium freely, I’d be set to trial. Luck for us, no one discovered you there.”
“So these laws are very strict?” 
“Incredibly.” He pointed to a solemn spot on the sand. “Would you like to take a rest?”
I nodded and walked toward the place he indicated. I sat cross-legged on the sand and looked at the waves.
“But, if these rules are so strict, why are you telling me all of this? Why are you here with me now? Won’t you get in trouble?”
“You’re captivating. I suppose I could regard you as a personal project. I need your cooperation to find out how you found your way to Somnium. I also want to be assured that you won’t return.”
“So, in essence, I’m your lab rat?” 
“I didn’t mean it in that sense.”
“Why is it so important that you find out how I go there anyway? I’m sure anyone can do it. I’m not special.”
“There’s no possible way that any human could just stumble upon it, much less return as often as they like.”
“Apparently, there is,” I said. “Besides, I’ve already told you all I had to do was think about it.”
“That’s not enough. I thrive on knowledge. Aside from the teachings of other gods, I’ll have you know I studied under some of the most brilliant minds in history: Galen, Galileo, Socrates, Newton, Darwin, Einstein, and Freud, to name a few. Their theories were very interesting and quite exact, actually.”
“Wait, that means you’ve attended school on Earth.”
“Yes, and I’ve been privately tutored, as well. Contrary to what you may think, we’re not born knowing everything. An education is a privilege your kind sometimes takes for granted.”
“You attend school on a voluntary basis?” 
“Well, I find it astonishing to see how much man has evolved in his education over so many centuries. You wouldn’t believe the ridiculous theories they taught children in the past.”
“You sound like my grandfather. A word of advice, if you plan on attending school, you’re gonna have to tone it down about three millennia and not act your age. How in the world do you plan on getting away with that anyway? You talk so… strange.”
“I can lower myself to the elementary level again.” 
I rolled my eyes.
“What about your laws? You said you were banned from socializing with humans.”
“As long as we’re undetected, we may live amongst you.”
“But you’ve revealed yourself to me. Isn’t that breaking the law?”
“Not when it was you who found me—loophole.” 
“Says who?”
“Says the Doctrinal law. My father is a Council member; therefore, I have access to ancient scriptures. I studied volumes of literature on the subjects of conviction and perjury and not once do they mention this situation.
“Because of my father, I would assume they would be lenient with me. So I decided to take you up on your invitation. However, I did take precautionary measures. The only person that knows I’m here is my mother.”
“What if they aren’t lenient on you? What happens then?”
“I’d be quarantined to my own land…” His lips formed a straight line. “Worst case scenario, I could be beheaded, gutted, incinerated…”
“Wait. I thought you said you were immortal.”
“Immortal until Deus decides you are no longer immortal. He bequeaths the final judgment.”
“If I were you, I wouldn’t be telling me any of this. Your life is at stake.”
 “I have nothing to fear. I’ve done nothing wrong.” He shrugged a shoulder. “Besides, I told you no one else is aware of this situation.” 
The deep blue ocean seemed to reflect in David’s eyes. How could this boy be so old? How could anyone be so gorgeous? And why did his eyes reflect such agony? 
“What are you thinking?” David interrupted my musings. 
“Oh, n-nothing,” I said. “It’s just that you’re looking at me like…”
“Like what?” 
“Like it hurts,” I said, and his face turned hard. “Never mind. I think we should leave. My mom will probably drop by the city library to check up on me during her lunch hour.”
“Very well,” he said, wiping his neck. “It’s quite warm here, isn’t it?”
“Wow, you’re using more and more contractions. I’m thoroughly impressed.” 
“I aim to please,” he grinned.
“So am I still captive?” 
“But you never were.”
“I’m going to let you in on a little something you might not have learned under all your genius teachers: when you take someone against their will, it counts as abduction.” 
“At no instance do I recall you voicing the words ‘I don’t want to go’, so technically…”
“Do you always have to win an argument?” I asked.
“Yes.”
I rolled my eyes and stood up. “Drop me off at the library?”
“As you wish.”
***
Driving back to town, David’s lips pressed together. I could see him restraining a smile, but the dimples on his cheeks gave him away. He swiveled his head and looked out the window to hide his face.
Blushing, I turned my head away too when I realized he caught me checking him out. How long had I been staring?
“You look a little flushed. Do you need me to pull over for a—?” 
“I’m fine,” I said, my sight on the visor in front of me. 
As we cruised through the main intersection in Los Fresnos, I kept an eye out for Claire’s car in the courthouse parking area. Luckily, it was still there, which meant she hadn’t gone looking for me—yet.
David pulled up to the city library and turned the engine off. I tried to open the door to get out, but it was locked.
“Uh… I thought you said I wasn’t a captive?” 
“May I join you?” he asked.
“Do I have a choice?” 
“Yes, you do. But I’d like you to know that today I’d very much like to serve as your chaperone.” He ran his finger along the edge of the dashboard. “You might enjoy the company.”
“I don’t need a chaperone,” I said, pulling at the door handle again. “Can you unlock this?”
“Please, allow me,” he said, sliding out of his seat.
David circled the car and opened the passenger door. He offered his hand and helped me step out of the vehicle. 
“I guess I’ll see you at school,” I said as we reached the library door. “Thanks for not murdering me.”
“You could try being a bit more hospitable. I’m new in town, and I don’t have any friends, remember?” He leaned on the library wall.
“That might have worked out better for you if you hadn’t dragged me off fearing for my life,” I said a little too loud.
“Shh… Say you forgive me, and I’ll take my leave. I promise I’ll pester you no more… for about the next hour… or for as long as it is that you’ll be in this library. How much time do you estimate to spend in there?”
“You’re not kidding. You’re not going to leave me alone, are you?”
“No. I’m sorry, but I need to know I can trust you and you can trust me before I can let you go.”
“You think I’m going to say something to someone about you? Believe me, I’m not. I don’t want to be locked away in a white padded room.” I opened the door to the library, but he pulled my arm away and let it slam shut.
“Give me your word,” he said.
***
“Then you’ll leave?”
“No. But it’s a guarantee. A promise to a deity should never be broken.”
“Or…?”
“You’ll regret it.”
Was that a threat? 
“Isis?” Claire’s voice startled me.
“Mom… hi.” I made a face at David, and then turned to look at her. “What are you doing here?”
“I should be asking you that. I thought you fainted at school.”
“I didn’t faint. I just felt dizzy is all. The school nurse always exaggerates.”
David tapped my shoulder.
“Mom, this is David. He’s new in town.”
David took two steps forward and shook her hand. “A pleasure, Mrs. Martin.”
“A pleasure, as well, and welcome to our small town.” Claire raised her eyebrows at me. “Are you attending high school, David?”
“Yes, ma’am. I enrolled today, but I won’t attend classes until Monday. There was a scheduling conflict, so I was sent home.” David was a good and quick liar. How could I trust him?
“What’s your last name, David?” Claire asked.
“Chios.” David beamed one of his charming smiles at Claire.
“Ah, Chios… yes. Your family bought the Ebony Estate, am I right?”  
I had never heard of it.
“Yes, that’s right,” David nodded. “We moved here from Greece.”
“Greece? That’s very interesting. But… you don’t have a Greek accent.”
“We’ve lived in various places around the globe—one accent doesn’t seem to stick.”
“Oh.” Claire smiled and glanced at me. “That’s very, very interesting. What did you say your father did for a living?”
“Mom!” I interrupted. “Aren’t you going to eat anything for lunch?”
“Yes, hon, my lunch is at the office. What about you two?”
“Actually, I was asking Isis if she wanted to have lunch just as you arrived. Would that be alright with you, Mrs. Martin?” 
“Sure she can go,” Claire said, elbowing me. “And I should get going, too. You two have fun.”
“It’s a pleasure to have met you, Mrs. Martin,” David said, shaking Claire’s hand.
“Mine, as well.”
From her car, Claire waved at us before she drove off.
“So…” I said. “What now?”
David held up his index finger. He dug his cell phone out of his pants pocket and dialed. 
“David.” I heard a female’s voice say over the phone’s speaker. 
David and the woman spoke in another language, which sounded to me like Latin. I didn’t understand a word of it. After a minute, he pulled the phone the slightest bit away from his mouth.
“My mother would like to extend an invitation to have lunch with us at our home. We’d be honored to have you as our guest.”
“No,” I mouthed.
“Mother, she’d love to. We’ll be there shortly.” 
We didn’t even set foot in the library. David headed for the Maserati and opened the passenger door for me. I had to admit that he was chivalrous. There aren’t a lot of those guys around anymore. 
As we neared the freeway on Highway 100, he slowed the car’s speed and turned onto a wooded path.
“Wait… wait! Stop the car. This is a nature preserve. Why are we going in?” All I could imagine was a guy in a hockey mask with a chainsaw, holding up one of my bloody limbs.
“I live here.”
“You live here? The Ebony Preserve is the Ebony Estate?”
David nodded and set the car in motion again. As the path curved, a grand brick house with white pillars came into view. A few yards from the front door there lay a small lake surrounded by wild flowers and trees.
“Is that a peacock?” I sounded like a five year-old at the zoo.
“They’re my mother’s pets,” David said.
He parked the car under an ebony tree on the driveway. I started getting butterflies in my stomach as he stared at me and grinned. I really didn’t want to be here. My hands were sweaty, and judging by the warmness I felt in my face, I was sure I was flushed again.
“Ready?” he asked.
“Yeah.” I pretended not to be bothered by my nerves.
For some reason the passenger door wouldn’t open from the inside and that was getting to me.
“Just a moment, I’ll get that for you,” David said as he exited, then made his way to my door.
I took a deep breath and set one foot on the cement. David offered his hand to help me out of the car.
“It’s beautiful,” I told him.
“Yes, I do have good taste, don’t I?” 
“Whatever,” I mumbled.
David suggested we take a quick tour of the front yard. We walked toward the lake to see the ducks and swans swimming about. The sun pounded hard on my head, and I had to squint to observe the rest of the estate. 
“Can I ask you a question?” David asked. “Be honest about your answer.” 
“Sure.” 
He dug his hands into his jean pockets before he asked, “Do you find me… attractive?”
“Are all gods as conceited as you?”
“Only the good ones.” He winked. 
I didn’t answer the question because I was embarrassed to admit that he was drop dead gorgeous. What was wrong with him anyway⎯asking this question? It was obvious that his self-esteem wasn’t suffering any.
“I’m assuming you’re not going to give me an answer.”
I gave him an annoyed look.
 “Let’s go inside so you can meet my mother,” he said, and then he let me lead the way up to the house.
***
“Mother?” David called out.
We stood in the foyer awaiting an answer. David set his car keys on a table next to the door.
“Where are you?” A voice came from another room.
“The anteroom,” David said, taking me by the hand and walking into a large living room.
A petite woman stood in the living area, her back turned to us. Her hair was black as night and held back in a ponytail; beautiful, winding curls fell down her back and to her waist. She wore a knee-length, chic, white dress; a golden rope chain belt intertwined around her waist and hips. She turned to acknowledge us with a smile. Her skin was as smooth as porcelain. Two silver and black curls fell over the right side of her face. Her eyes were lined with lush, black lashes, projecting her piercing blue eyes—just like David’s eyes. Her beauty was—to no other description—that of a goddess.
“Be a gentleman and introduce us, David,” she said.
“Isis, this is my mother, Nyx.” 
“Hello,” Nyx leaned in and kissed both my cheeks. “I’m very pleased to finally meet you, Isis.”
“Thank you. It’s a pleasure to meet you, too,” I said.
“Why, you’re absolutely beautiful,” she said, glancing at David, then back at me.
“Isn’t she, Mother? She would be the envy of any goddess.”
“Yes,” Nyx said, looking at me. “Yes, indeed she would be.”
“Stop scanning her, please, Mother.”
“Scanning?” I asked.
“My mother is empathic. She makes it a point to know what you feel physically and emotionally. It’s her way of getting to know you,” David explained.
“There’s something peculiar that I…” Nyx suddenly gasped. She took several seconds to compose herself.
“What is it?” David asked.
“Nothing. She just needs to eat better… and sleep more.”
“You’re lying.” David gave his mother a cold look. “Tell me what you’ve felt.” 
Nyx started to speak in Latin with a knit brow. David nodded as she spoke.
“Forgive me, Mother. I meant no disrespect.” 
“Is there something wrong with me?” My eyes narrowed, and I glanced back and forth between Nyx and David.
“Nothing,” Nyx smiled. “Nothing at all.”



I felt awkward after that brief mother-son argument. I needed to know what it was that Nyx had said. I would have to wait until I was out of her presence to question David.
“Would you like a beverage before we eat, Isis?” Nyx offered.
“Yes, please.” My stomach chose that moment to rumble as loudly as it could. I felt my warmth bloom in my cheeks.
“I think we should eat instead,” David said.
“That sounds like a good idea.” Nyx giggled, motioning me with her hand to follow.
We entered a formal dining area where a huge table in the middle of the room was set with white porcelain plates placed over gold metal charger plates. There were three place settings, each with an assortment of utensils that I had no idea how to use. Along the center of the table lay an impressive and appetizing array of fruits, vegetables, breads, and meats. I glanced at my shirt, feeling under dressed for the occasion.
David pulled out my chair and did the same for his mother. Nyx sat at the head of the table, while David took his place across the table from me.
“Help yourself, Isis,” Nyx said as she served herself a small portion of greens.
While we ate Nyx’s mouthwatering food, David glanced at me. And after a few minutes, his stare had become fixed. It was uncomfortable to be watched while I ate. I set my fork down and turned to look at Nyx.
“Is it Latin that you were speaking earlier?” I asked.
Nyx dabbed her mouth with a white linen napkin. “Yes, it was. You have a good ear for languages.”
“She’s bright.” David winked at me and smiled.
“David,” Nyx said, “comport yourself.”
“Oh, relax, Mother. It’s innocent coquetry.” 
Nyx shot David a pointed stare. “You know what can happen. Be wary of the laws.”
“What can happen?” I asked.
“Didn’t David tell you? Deities can be utterly appealing to humans.”
“He did mention that, but well, he’s not really my type.” I flinched at my little white lie. David glared at me and put his fork down.
“I’m pleased to hear that,” Nyx said. “I was worried. I trust David’s given you a detailed account of our history?”
“He highlighted the main points,” I told her.
Nyx changed the subject. “Tell me about your parents, dear.”
“Well… my dad passed away almost five years ago; it’s only my mom now.”
“I’m sorry to hear that. Your mother and you must’ve taken it very hard.”
“Yes. They had just gotten a divorce when he had a sudden heart attack. My mom was…” I took in a deep breath.
“Devastated?” she asked, and I nodded. “Tell me about her.”
“My mom’s name is Claire. She works at the county courthouse as a secretary for the judge. She’s never remarried… and that’s about it.”
“You have no other family—uncles, cousins?” David asked.
“Just my grandmother, Eva. She’s my dad’s mom. She lives in a retirement community about an hour away. I don’t see her much.”
“That’s a very small family,” Nyx said.
David nodded. “Small, indeed.” 
***
After lunch, we moved to one of the living areas. I didn’t understand why one house had to have more than one living room. We talked about the town’s spring festival. I thought I caught Nyx scanning me a few times, like she had earlier, but I couldn’t really tell. When she stared at me without blinking, David called her on it. 
“What is it that you keep scanning for?” he asked his mother.
“I’m not scanning,” Nyx blinked, coming out of her reverie. 
“Mother, I know you too well.”
Nyx waved off David and continued chatting with me. 
The ringing of the doorbell interrupted our conversation. David excused himself to answer the door.
“You know, Isis… David asked me to come with him so that we could seem like a normal family while he tried to figure out how it is that you were traveling into Terra Somnium. I’m curious to know that, as well. However, I think this curiosity of his has developed into a grave state of medical idiotism."
"How do you mean?" I asked, biting my lip to keep from smiling.
"I have reason to believe he’s, to a degree, infatuated. I can’t be certain about this… but, my dear, you’ll have to be the strong one if this is so. I’m not one to judge with whom my sons are romantically involved, but in this case, I have no other choice. I fear for the welfare of my son… and I fear for yours."
My smile quickly faded.
“It’s not like that,” I argued. “First of all, I need to focus on my grades right now. I’ve applied for several scholarships and grants, and I can’t afford to lose concentration on my GPA. I don’t have time for a relationship. Besides, after all that David and you have explained to me, I doubt that can or will ever happen.”
“Yet, in history, it has happened.” Nyx took my hand in hers. “I know you find him attractive, and I’m sorry that you do.”
“I—” 
“Please don’t deny it. You can’t hide your feeling from an empath,” she said. “Tell me… how did David and you meet today?”
“We met in the counselor’s office. Then he kidnapped me from school using his anesthetic, or whatever it is he does.”
“He did what? How did he…?” Nyx trailed off as David walked into the living room. “Who was at door?”
“The dealership people. Your car’s parked outside. Would you like to inspect it?” he asked her as he sat down next to me on the couch.
“No. Not at the moment. We have company, remember? It would be rude of us to neglect Isis.”
“Oh, I don’t mind,” I said.
David brushed a strand of hair behind my ear. Nyx glared at him, and I flinched away from his hand.
“David,” Nyx said in a calm voice. “I believe we have much to discuss this evening.”
“Regarding what?” David asked.
“I’ll reserve that until tonight.”
***
In the car, I lost no time in questioning David about the small dispute between him and his mother earlier.
“I don’t want to be nosey, but it does concern me, so I think I’m allowed to know. What was it that your mother said about me when she spoke in Latin?”
“She said that you held her attention during the process of reading you because she could sense your fatigue. Then she scolded me for speaking to her in that tone. It was disrespectful for me to do that, and especially in your presence. I’m sorry for my behavior. I don’t normally act this way.” His eyes were fixed on the road, and he seemed irritated.
“Did I say something to upset you?”
“No,” he told me. “It’s just that I’m not looking forward to my mother’s lecture this evening.”
“How do you know it’s a lecture?”
“I know my mother.”
We pulled up to my house and found Claire’s Toyota parked in the driveway an hour early. 
“You need to get this door fixed,” I said, waiting for David to open my door.
“It’s not broken, my lovely.” 
“Then why won’t it open?”
“To keep the princess from opening the door herself.” 
“Oh,” I blushed as I remembered Nyx’s warning. I bit the corner of my lip and took a deep breath as I looked up at the ceiling. “Could you please open the door for me?”
“Am I wearing down your nerves already?”
“Do I have to answer that?”
“On second thought.” He wrinkled his nose. “I don’t think I want to know.”
Claire appeared at the front door. David swung open the driver’s side door and waved to her as he made his way around to my side of the car.
“Hey, Mom.” 
“Hi, honey. Hi, David.” Claire gave me a thumbs-up and a wide smile when David turned to fetch my book bag from the back seat. He walked me to the porch where my mom was eager to start her query about our day.
“Hello again, Mrs. Martin.” David tipped his head.
“David, would you like to come inside?” she asked, holding the front door open.
“Thank you, but I can’t,” he said.
I was relieved David didn’t want to stay. I didn’t want Claire getting any juicy details about the new family in town to share at the office. That could’ve been dangerous for them.
Claire excused herself and went inside. I signaled to David with a few tilts of my head that she was probably eavesdropping behind the door. He smiled and ran his fingers through his black hair.
“Thank you for joining my mother and me for lunch. I enjoyed your company. I hope to see you at school on Monday.” He leaned in and kissed both my cheeks. “Or sooner,” he whispered in my ear, making goose bumps form on my neck. 
“Yeah.” I tried to ignore the remark and his glorious scent. Following his lead, I told him, “I’ll see you Monday.”
I turned the doorknob and heard Claire scramble away from the door. When I walked in, she was on the couch pretending to read.
“Your magazine is upside down.” 
Claire straightened her back. “For your information, it’s a new brain exercise to strengthen memory,” she said, and then threw the magazine on the coffee table. “So you had lunch with the family, huh? What’s the estate like? Did they treat you well? Do they have a butler and governess? Oh my gosh, I bet they have one of those heated, indoor pools!”
“Mom, please… They’re normal people.” Well, kind of normal, except for that whole being deities thing and their special powers. I wondered if David had extrasensory hearing, or if Nyx was a psychic. I’d have to be careful what I said and thought until I found out.
“C’mon, Isis. You can’t tell me the car alone didn’t impress you? I know how much a Maserati costs…” Claire raised her brows and waited for me to answer.
“They don’t have any of the things you listed.” I walked to the kitchen; Claire followed. I opened the refrigerator out of habit, even though I wasn’t hungry. “Why are you home so early, anyway?” 
 “Because I took the afternoon off.” 
 “You took the afternoon off for no apparent reason?” I peered at her from behind the refrigerator door. “That’s not like you.”
“Well…” she said as she crept back to the kitchen doorway. “I have an appointment this evening.”
“An appointment? Where?”
“At a restaurant.”
“What type of appointment do you have at a restaurant?”
“Well, I guess it’s more of a social gathering—for two.” She bit her thumbnail just like me when I got nervous.
“Mom, are you trying to tell me you have a… a date?” My voice squeaked.
“Yes,” she said, and she ran up the stairs, laughing like a kid.
“Don’t run away from me! Who is this date? I want details, Claire Martin!” I screamed, running after her.
Claire never dated. She always found excuses for not wanting to accept an invitation: too short, too tall, too this, too that…
I ran up the stairs and found her giggling on her bed.
“What’s wrong with you? Why are you acting all… adolescent-like?” Her mood was contagious, and I found myself giggling along with her.
“It’s embarrassing! I can’t believe I’m going on a date and talking to my daughter about it. I’m old, for Pete’s sake!” Claire buried her face into a pillow.
“You’re not old. Thirty is the new twenty, Mom.” I tried to pry the pillow from her hands. “Who’s your date?”
She mumbled something into the pillow that sounded like “Gopher Annuals”.
“I don’t understand what you’re saying. Take that pillow off your face and tell meeeee!”
Claire sat up. “I hate the whiney voice, Isis. You know I hate it.” She paused for a second and closed her eyes. “Okay, I’m ready to spill my guts.”
I threw the pillow to the other side of the room before she had a chance to hide her head in it again. 
“It’s Christopher.” 
“What? Judge Daniels? Really?” 
Judge Daniels was a bachelor known for not dating women in town because of his position—at least, that’s what my mother had told me when I tried to push her to ask him out. She didn’t want to risk her job.
“Did he ask you out, or did you ask him?”
“He asked me, of course. You know I would never do something like that.” My mom jumped off the bed and opened her closet.
“What am I supposed to wear? How should I wear my hair?” She turned and rummaged about, looking for something. “Where is it?” From her dresser, she raised a magazine bookmarked with sticky notes for me to see.
“Cosmo, Mom? Really? You’ve never read Cosmo in your life.”
“I needed some ‘Tips for Dating in this Day and Age,’” she said, holding the magazine cover up and pointing to the title of the article.
“Just how long have you been planning this, young lady?” I said, imitating her.
“Well, he asked me on Monday, but I didn’t give him an answer until Wednesday. We’re keeping it very hush, hush at the office.”
She smacked her forehead with the rolled up magazine and groaned. “Ugh… What the heck am I supposed to talk to him about that doesn’t concern work?”
I took the magazine from her and skimmed through the article. “It says here you’re supposed to get to know him out of the work environment. That’s common sense. Why are you even reading this?” I flung the magazine on the floor. “Look, you can’t be this nervous about a date. It’s the most normal thing.”
Claire picked up the magazine and threw it at me. “Says a seventeen year-old that picked up the new guy at the library!” She laughed. 
“I did not pick him up,” I said, putting my hands on my waist. “And we’re talking about you, not about me.”
“So what should I wear?” Claire asked, hopping up and down like a kid.
I walked over to her closet and laid out several outfits for her to choose from. She wasn’t too crazy about the sexy tops I chose. Then we prepped her hair and makeup. By the time I was done with her, my mom looked incredible.
***
The doorbell rang.
“I got it!” I yelled, running down the stairs. I swung the door open and welcomed Judge Daniels into our house. The Judge, as everyone called him, was a tall, handsome forty-something year old man, with a strong build and a cowboy hat and boots—a typical southern Texan.
The Judge’s eyes widened when he saw the transformation Claire had gone through. I was proud of my work and excited for my mother.
“Have a good time, kids,” I teased as they walked out.
I shut the door and turned on the TV. It was past dinnertime and Claire had left me some money for pizza. I fished my phone out of my pocket just as Andy called. 
“I assumed you went home sick, so I asked the nurse and she told me you fainted. Why haven’t you answered your phone? I’ve been worried about you all day.”
“I didn’t faint. I was just dizzy. I’m sorry I didn’t answer my phone, I didn’t know the ringer was off.”
“My dad wants to talk to you. Hang on.” She transferred the phone to Dr. Jameson.
“Isis, are you feeling okay?”
“Fine, Doctor. I felt a little dizzy this morning, but I’m okay now.”
“Listen, I want you to hold off on the medication for these next couple of days and see how you feel without it, okay? The dizziness might be a side-effect, and I don’t want it to affect you in that way—especially not at school.”
“Okay, Doctor,” I said.
“Call me if you experience insomnia or more dizziness. Here’s Andrea again. Take care.”
“Isis?” Andy was back on the phone.
“Yeah, I’m here.” 
“So you’re okay?”
“Fantabulous,” I assured her, looking at the pizzeria’s magnet on the side of the fridge.
“Okay. That’s all I wanted to know. I’ll text you later. We’re about to eat dinner.”
“Later.”
I turned my phone’s ringer on and dialed the number to the pizza place. Before I hit the last key, another incoming call interrupted me. I didn’t recognize the number, but I decided to answer anyway.
“Are you alone?” A male voice was on the other end.
“Who is this?” I ran to the front door to make sure it was locked and peeked out the window.
“You’ve forgotten me already?”
“David? How did you get my phone number?”
“While you were busy spouting obscenities in the car this morning, I dialed my own number from your phone.”
“I apologized for that already.”
“Right. I was wondering if I can I ask a favor of you?”
“Is it illegal?”
“I’m being serious.”
“What is it?”
“Don’t tell my mother what method I used to sedate you if she asks.”
“I’m assuming you just had that chat she mentioned earlier?”
“Yes. It didn’t go over well.”
“Why did she get so upset?”
“I told her things that she disliked.”
“Sorry to hear that.”
“No worries. Well, I won’t keep you any longer, and thank you for the favor.”
I opened my mouth to tell him not to go, but then realized what I was about to do. What if Nyx was right about what she said, and David did have a little crush on me?
“No problem,” I said. “I’ll talk to you later.” 
“Goodnight, my lovely, and please lock your front door.”
“What?” I asked, but the only response I got was a click, and then the line went dead. 
As I turned the lock on the door, I wondered if David had been watching me. How else could he have known that I was alone? I peeked through the window blinds, half expecting to see him on the front porch. He wasn’t there. 
After closing the curtains and making sure that all the doors were locked, I finally got around to ordering my dinner. 
I decided not to wait up for Claire, fearing the insomnia would set in again, but I did stay up a bit late. There was no reason to be afraid of dreaming now. And I was happy I wouldn’t have to take the pills.
Before I closed my eyes, I thought of David. I noticed my journal lying on my desk, beside my laptop. I reread the previous entries and decided to write a new one.
***
March 4, 9:59 P.M.
Reality is not as it seems. You are real—skin, bone, tissue, and blood. In but one brief day I’ve succumbed to your wit and charm only because of the virtues you were born with. I won’t fall deeper into this fascination because it would be taunting an ill fate.
Tonight, I won’t dream of you because I know what’s right. Good night, dream boy. May you give me pleasant dreams.
***
The sun’s rays snuck in through the blinds the next morning. I had slept well without the pills. I guess all that anxiety, fear, nervousness and excitement of the previous day had worn me out. I didn’t even remember dreaming.
I took a quick shower, but put my pajamas back on after. I checked the time on my cell phone and found it was very early.
I crept into Claire’s room; she was still fast asleep. No sense in waking her. I closed the door and fetched my laptop from my room. Then I made my way to the kitchen and whipped up some pancakes—my favorite.
I sat down at the kitchen table with my laptop and my food. I wondered if Andy was awake already. She was an early bird, so I decided to text her.
I googled Maserati and the Ebony Estate while I waited for Andy’s text. Andy responded an hour later, asking if I wanted to hang out in the afternoon. I had nothing planned, so I took her up on it.
Claire walked straight to the coffeemaker as I replied to Andy’s text. “Morning. How’d you sleep?” she asked in a hoarse voice.
“Great,” I said. I pushed out one of the chairs from under the table with my foot.
“Have a seat, my dear Claire. Let’s talk about men.” 
“Stop it.” She giggled. “I had a nice time.”
“Really? Did he kiss you?” I leaned closer to her side of the table, puckered my lips, and made kissing noises.
“Stop teasing me, or I won’t tell you anything.” Claire was always moody before her coffee. 
“So are you going out again?” I asked.
“Maybe. Mind changing the subject? It’s too early for interrogations.”
“Fine.” I sighed.
Claire sipped her coffee while I read the news on several Internet sites. My mind started wandering as I scrolled through the articles.
I felt an itch to find out more about the Chios family. I thought about calling David, but remembered Nyx’s discussion with me. I didn’t want to be the reason for another fight between Nyx and her son, much less have her dislike me. I didn’t want Nyx to have any reason to doubt me—I wasn’t usually a liar, but I had a feeling I’d be doing an awful lot of it from now on.
I whispered infatuation several times as I thought about what Nyx had said regarding David. I tried to hide my smile from Claire. It was all probably in Nyx’s head. I mean, what could he see in me? He was a god. I was just a girl. I shook the idea out of my head. It was silly of me to even think it could be possible for David to be infatuated with me. David was intelligent enough to know that it was a dead-end street.
Later that morning, Claire headed off to get a manicure and pedicure in the neighboring city of Brownsville. She had asked me to come along because she was also going to buy some new outfits for work and wanted my help. I teased her about wanting to look good for The Judge. I really did want to go with her, but I had plans with Andy.
“Help a mother out!” Claire said, waving two fingers in the air. I laughed at her silliness.
“Sorry, Mom. Plans have been made.”
***
Around noon, Andy called to ask if it was okay if we hung out at my house instead of hers. We grabbed a few slices of leftover pizza and went back to my room.
“I gotta tell you something,” I said, trying not to grin.
“Uh oh,” Andy said. “This must be good.”
“I met a guy.” I couldn’t subdue the smile on my face. “But I don’t like him or anything. He’s just… um… I don’t know.” 
“When did this happen?”
“Yesterday.”
 “Where? You were home sick, weren’t you?”
I hadn’t thought that part through before I opened my big mouth. I hated lying to my best friend, but I couldn’t tell her the truth.
“At the city library. I went there after I came home from school.”
“What were you doing at the library if you were feeling dizzy? We don’t even have any projects due.”
Nothing got past Andy. How was I going to get myself out of this one?
“The dizziness had passed already. I was fine. I wanted to check out a book, you know, to have something to do for the rest of the day.”
“So who’s this guy?”
“He’s new in town; a senior at our school. His family bought the Ebony Estate.”
“What?”
“Calm down. He’s very down to earth.”
“Is he cute?”
“He’s… uh… handsome,” I said, nodding slowly with one brow raised.
“Ooo, someone has a crush.” Andy pointed at me.
“I do not.” 
“Then why bring up the subject of the new, gorgeous, rich guy in town? Hmm?”
 “He doesn’t have any friends. I thought he could hang out with us until he made some.”
“We’re doing social work now? I didn’t get the memo.”
“It’s called being hospitable.”
“Whatever.” Andy raised her hands. “He’d just better not be a total douche.”
“Be nice, Andy. He’s not like the guys around here.” That was an understatement. 
“Fine.”
Andy left later in the afternoon, before my mom got home. I kept myself entertained by listening to music on my iPod. After about an hour, I slid a DVD into my computer and nestled myself into bed. Half way through the movie, I heard the front door slam. I paused the video and jumped out of bed.
“What’d you get?” I asked, helping Claire with some of the bags.
“Just a few things: blouses, skirts… office clothes.”
“Can I see?” I didn’t wait for her to answer. I started pulling clothes out from the bags and displaying them on the bed.
“What is this? Mom, Grandma Eva has more stylish clothes than this. I’m never letting you go shopping on your own again.” I lifted an ugly plaid shirt with two fingers. “All of this has got to go back.”
“You want me to return it? I got good deals on this stuff. It suits me just fine.”
“Well, to each their own,” I said, wrinkling my nose. “By the way, long polyester skirts went out of style a few decades ago. Didn’t Cosmo teach you anything?”
“I’ll return the skirt, but I’m keeping the rest of the stuff.”
“Whatever. I’m not the one dating my boss.”
Claire gave me a rude stare. “Fine. I’ll return it all, but you’re coming with me this time.”
We gathered all the clothes, drove to the mall, and spent the rest of the day shopping for tasteful clothes my mom could wear to work. After shopping, we went to a movie and then had dinner at a restaurant near the shopping center.
At home, after our outing, we watched TV for about an hour. Claire fell asleep on the sofa, as usual. I woke her so that she would find her way to her bed. Then I settled in my own bed with my journal, but couldn’t think of anything to write.
I wondered why David hadn’t called. He had been pretty clear that he wouldn’t let me out of his sight. Maybe the argument with his mother had made him change his mind about spending time with me. Whatever. I would see him on Monday at school. 
I decided I should stop thinking about him before it became a habit. I put my thoughts to rest and fell sleep.
***
The sound of my phone ringing woke me. I reached for it and answered in a voice that resembled Elmer Fudd’s. 
“Hello?”
“Good morning, my lovely.” David’s voice made me smile.
“Morning,” I said, still struggling to open my eyes.
“Would you like to have breakfast with me?”
“Sure. What time?” I lay back down and pulled the covers over my head.
“Now. I’m on your front porch.”
The doorbell rang, and I heard Claire walking down the stairs to answer.  
“I’m not ready.” I stumbled out of bed and into the bathroom to wash my face. My hair was in knots and there were pillow lines on my cheek.
“I can wait,” David said and hung up.
“Isis, David is here to see you.” Claire called from downstairs.
“Be right down!” I rushed into the closet and threw on some jeans and a shirt. I stuck the toothbrush in my mouth and pulled my hair back in a ponytail. I flung the toothbrush onto my nightstand and tried to stretch out the pillow creases from my face using both hands. 
When I got downstairs, David was sitting on the sofa with a glass of water in his hand. Claire sipped her coffee beside him. 
“Hi,” I said, trying to hide the creases on my cheek with my hand.
“Good morning,” David said. “Did I wake you?”
“No… no… nope. I was already awake.”
“I think there’s something wrong with your shirt, honey.” Claire held a fist over her mouth to hide a smile.
I looked down to inspect it. I had put my shirt on inside out and backwards. The tag was sticking out from the front of my neck. David didn’t smile, but I could see laughter dancing in his eyes. My face turned bright red.
“I’ll be right back.” I raced up the stairs and dove into the shower. I slicked my hair back in a ponytail and applied makeup as fast as I could. I hoped Claire wasn’t interrogating David for the whole time I was getting ready. I sprayed on a bit of perfume and stared at the girl in the mirror. “Not too shabby,” I told her.  
***
“My mother’s extended an invitation for tea this afternoon. Would you like to come?” David asked after we were in the car.
“I’d love to.” 
***
We had breakfast at a coffee shop in town. Claire used to work there as a waitress when I was a kid. The owner, Mr. Rodriguez, always gave me a dessert on the house and made it a point to ask me about her.
“Who’s your new friend?” Mr. Rodriguez asked. 
The patrons in the restaurant quieted, a few of them turning on their chairs to see the new face in town. 
“This is David Chios. He and his family just moved into town,” I said. “David, this is Mr. Rodriguez. He used to be my mom’s boss.”
“A pleasure, sir.” David extended his hand.
“You folks the ones that bought the preserve?” Ah, yes. The rumor had already spread.
“Yes, sir. We closed on the property just a few days ago.”
“Well, I’ll be damned,” Mr. Rodriguez said. “Them folk swore they’d never sell out. Well, I best get back to the kitchen.” He threw a dishtowel over his shoulder. “¡Buen provecho!”
“Gracias, Señor Rodriguez.”
“Your Spanish is very good,” David said.
“Yes, I should hope so,” I said, laughing.
“Did I say something funny?”
“David, I’m Hispanic. Of course I speak Spanish. In case you haven’t noticed eighty-five percent of the population here is Hispanic.”
He looked around the restaurant and nodded. “I pay no thought to things such as race, color, creed, or social standing. Everyone is equal. Do you really think Deus intended this ridiculous segregation of mankind?” 
“I didn’t mean anything by it.” I hadn’t thought of it that way before.
“It saddens me to hear you humans categorize and degrade yourselves into groups, as if you were the base level in the food chain. You’re not animals, yet you separate yourselves in the same manner.”
“You’re right,” I said. “I’m glad to hear you’re not like that.”
“Thank you,” David said, and then he trailed his fingers along my hand and to my wrist. My stomach did a flip when he touched me, making me jerk a little. I closed my hand and moved it to my lap. My eyes focused on my plate.
***
After breakfast, David dropped me off at home. Teatime was at three o’clock sharp, and he promised to be back for me by half past two. He said I must’ve impressed Nyx for her to invite me to tea. I wondered what delicious food she would prepare for the afternoon.
Claire was doing laundry when I got home. I joined her in tidying up the house; then I told her I was invited for tea at the Chios’ house. Near the time David was supposed to pick me up, I freshened up and changed into my favorite spring dress. I wouldn’t be under-dressed this time.
“His mother must be quite a lady,” Claire said. “He seems like a very respectful young boy; good manners are taught at home.” She handed me a pile of clothes to put away.
“He’s okay,” I said.
“Are you kidding? He’s more than okay, isn’t he?” She nudged me.
“Stop trying to trick me into saying I like him, because I don’t.”
“You are so much in denial, it’s not even funny… it’s hilarious.” Claire laughed.
“Whatever, Mother.”
“Listen,” Claire said, holding up her index finger.
I heard a car engine’s low rumble. I peeked through the blinds in the living room and saw David’s black car in the driveway.
David rang the door at precisely 2:30 PM.
“That’s what you call punctual,” I said, holding up my phone so Claire could see the time. 
“Not too late, honey. It’s a school night.”
“Okay. See you later, Mom,” I told her as I stepped out onto the porch.  
David looked as piping hot as ever.
“Hey,” I said as he kissed both my cheeks, making the tiny hairs on the back of my neck stand at attention. Hawt dawg, he smelled good!
“You look very beautiful.”
“Thanks,” I said.
We didn’t talk much on the way to his house. 
As we pulled up to the estate, David’s face fell. I saw a black Land Rover in the driveway beside Nyx’s new Ferrari. 
“I can’t believe she would do this!” David slammed the steering wheel, bending it in from the right side. I gasped at his sudden, violent outburst.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to startle you,” he said as he tried to straighten the steering wheel with his bare hands. 
“What’s wrong?” I asked, watching him with wide eyes. 
Through clenched teeth, he said, “I’m being placed under surveillance.”



David put his head on the steering wheel. I could swear I heard him growl, but it must’ve been my imagination.
“Hey,” I reached over and touched his shoulder. “Calm down. It can’t be that bad.”
“Isis… I…”
“Yes?” 
He shook his head.
“What do you mean by ‘being placed under surveillance’?” I asked.
“That my family is having trust issues.” He looked at the house for a moment, and then turned to me. “My twin brothers will be joining us for tea, it seems. We’d better not keep them waiting.”
David held the doorknob for a few seconds, but didn’t turn it. He glanced back at me before he opened the front door. “After you.” 
He led me to the backyard where Nyx and her other two sons were sitting under a white pavilion surrounded by palm trees and vivid green plants. A peacock displayed its elegant feathers by a fountain.
Nyx met us half way across the yard and kissed my cheeks. The brothers rose and waited for us to join them⎯one blond, one brunette. 
“Welcome, Isis.” The brunette stepped forward and shook my hand. “My name is Eryx. It’s a pleasure to meet you.”
“It’s nice to meet you, too,” I said. 
The blond brother took a few steps around me, inspecting me from head to toe; I felt like a strange creature as he scrutinized me.
“So this is she, the young enchantress?”
“Galen!” Nyx frowned. “You will mind the golden rule.” But Galen didn’t seem to hear her. 
“Mhh hmm. You were right, Mother; she does wear the skin of a goddess.” He took my hand and touched his lips to my knuckles. “A pleasure.”
David glared at Galen with a tight jaw. “I see you still haven’t learned how to keep your mouth from making an ass out of you, brother.”
“Ah, little brother!” Galen put an arm around David. “And how are you doing these days?”
David pushed away his brother’s arm. 
“Let’s take our tea in the dining room, shall we?” Nyx said. “I’ve prepared some tea biscuits and pastries. I hope you’ll enjoy them, Isis.”
We started walking to the house. It was a short distance across the back lawn. As we walked, I snuck a few glances at the twins. They both had green eyes and looked like adolescent gladiators with their huge biceps, wide neck, narrow waist, and broad shoulders; but other than that, they looked nothing alike.
“I did some research on your house,” I said to Nyx, hoping to break the tension. “I found out it was built in 1937 by some early settlers.”
“Yes it was. Did you learn anything else?”
“There wasn’t much information on it. The house and preserve sit on eighty-two acres of land,” I said. “There’s an abundance of birds and butterflies on the preserve that only…” I trailed off as we entered the dining room. Immense trays of pastries, cookies, and tea sandwiches had been laid out on the table. It was way too much food for five people.
“Well, that also sums the extent of my knowledge on the property,” Nyx said. “The mystery of its history only adds to the fascination.”
“Are you expecting more company?”
“No. It’ll just be us today.” She poured tea into a cup and handed it to me.
Galen took the seat in front of David and me and stared at us with his arms crossed over his chest. 
“Tell us about this school we’ll be attending, Dahveed.” Galen’s perfect teeth were slightly visible as he spoke.
“Oh no. You’re not enrolling in school, and please don’t call me Dahveed,” David muttered.
“Well, I’m sorry to rain on your parade… or rather, charade, but we are enrolling, and Dahveed is your given name. Grin and bear it, little brother.”
 “You have no right to interfere in my—”
“That is quite enough from the both of you,” Nyx snapped. “Out of respect for our guest, hold your tongues, or I shall hold them for you.”
David and Galen glared at each other. David didn’t touch his food. Nyx looked worried, and I felt more out of place than a clown at a funeral. 
Eryx smiled at me, attempting to ease my discomfort. 
“Pay them no attention, Isis. You’ll get used to it sooner or later,” Eryx said. “The food is decadent, Mother. You amaze me with your culinary skills every time.”
Galen was still staring. He was starting to get on my nerves. What was his problem? No wonder David had gotten so upset in the car. I could imagine how Galen must make David’s life miserable. With a brother like that, who the heck needed enemies?
As I sipped on my tea, I noticed how fast the twins’ plates emptied. They piled their plates twice more in the time I took to eat three canapés. Then they dug into the pastries. Their indulgence didn’t end there. They wolfed down at least two dozen cookies each. 
David handed me a tiny slice of bread with some cheese and pink stuff on it. “Try this.”
“It’s good,” I said. “What is it?”
“Pâté and aged gouda cheese. Would you like some more?”
“No, thank you. I’m full.” It surprised me that goose liver didn’t taste terrible.
“My mother made everything you see here.” Eryx said.
“She’s a master chef,” David added.
“Everything was delicious, Mrs. Chios. Thank you so much for inviting me,” I told her.
“Please call me Nyx, dear.”
“Nyx.”
***
Nyx, David, and I admired the antique furniture in the study while Galen and Eryx spoke by the fireplace. Galen’s brow was creased, as if in thought, nodding every now and then as he listened to Eryx.
“Isis,” Eryx said. “Would you say Galen and I would pass as eighteen year-olds?”
I paused to consider before I answered. “I suppose you would. How old are you two?”
“Much older than David,” Galen answered.
“And that would make you…?”
“In human years, about nineteen.” 
“That’s not true,” David began. “They’re closer to twenty and too old for high school. Tell them mother.”
“David, please,” Nyx said. “Can we learn to live in peace? It would mean so much to your father and me.”
“As long as Gemini keep clear of my business, we will,” David said, making it sound like a warning to his brothers.
I knew Gemini meant “twins” because we had studied mythology in school. My zodiac sign was Gemini, too. I assumed David must have been addressing the both of them.
The twins exchanged glances, but said nothing.
“You’re making them babysit me, aren’t you?” David said to his mother. 
“Stop being so paranoid,” Nyx told him. “And for goodness sake, stop jumping to conclusions. They won’t involve themselves in your… dealings. I only hope that you have the sense to keep out of trouble.”
“Of course. I just hope they can,” David said, pointing his chin at the twins.
“You leave me out of this,” Galen said. “I intend on getting myself into all the trouble in the world. And that’s a promise.”
“Ugh,” Nyx rolled her eyes. “I think I need a sedative.”
After that, Galen and David settled down. They joked and acted like normal siblings. Galen seemed excited about attending high school. He said it had been far too long since they were able to enter “the social pattern of adolescence”.
“Our high school campus is probably tiny compared to your school in Greece,” I said.
Galen laughed. “We haven’t attended school since the early 1800’s.”
“But what about your transcripts? You need them to enroll in school.”
“Ah, that…” Galen said. “Isis, everyone has a price. All our documentation is in rightful order.”
“What made you think they came from Greece?” David asked.
“You told my mom you had just moved here from Greece. I assumed that meant all of you.”
“We do travel to Greece often, and we own a house there, but that’s not our permanent residence. Our home is in Caelum.”
“Where’s Caelum?”
“Caelum is the realm of eternal life—land of the gods—otherwise known as the heavens by your kind. Even if we decide to live anywhere else, we’re obligated to return for gatherings of the Plenum or other affairs.”
“The Plenum?”
“The Plenum is the legislative group made up of the Council and other deities who serve as the audience and petition on behalf of the people.”
“So it’s a democracy?”
“Yes, much like a democracy.” Nyx ran her hand down my ponytail. “You’re very bright, young lady.”
***
It was a quarter past six when David and I arrived at my house. The porch light was already on. I knew my mom would be preparing dinner. I wasn’t hungry since I’d just eaten; I hoped she didn’t mind me skipping a meal.
“I had a good time,” I said, observing David’s thick black eyelashes. They made the indigo blue color of his iris more prominent.  
“Even with the drama with my family, you still enjoyed yourself?”
“It was… interesting, I guess, but nice,” I nodded. “Can I ask you a question?”
“Anything.” He turned off the car.
“Well, I was wondering, you know how you and your mother have these… these…  abilities?” 
“Right?” 
“Are your brothers also gifted?”
“I was wondering when you were going to ask me about them. Where to begin? My brothers are unique. They co-exist, and when I say ‘co-exist’, I mean one can’t live without the other—literally. They’re inseparable. They’re the best of friends. Sometimes, I envy their closeness.
“They were great warriors at one time. Even in their early teen years, they showed prowess and valiancy in battle. They were born with the gifts of healing and inherited a fair amount of my mother’s empathy.”
“Were you a warrior too?” I could imagine him on a horse, but not with a weapon.
“Yes, I was. But those times are gone and, thankfully, I don’t have to anymore.”
“You killed people?”
“That’s what war is about, isn’t it? I’m not proud of it. The uprisings were inevitable and so was my summoning to defend our creed. War is never easy, but I had to stand alongside my brothers—the deity warriors. Those were very trying times.”
“I see,” I said, trying to sound calm. I couldn’t believe what I had just heard him admit. I just couldn’t imagine him killing anyone—well, not anymore. He might have been a three-thousand-year-old deity, but he was still just a boy.
“What about your dad? You don’t mention him much.” 
“My father is a well-respected individual both here and Caelum. He’s accredited with being the first engineer. Invention and technology are his magnum opus. He’s the one responsible for gifting the caveman with the first wheel, if you can believe that.”
“How old does that make your dad?”
“Ancient. We’ve lost count. He’s as old as time itself, but not as old as Deus.”
“That old?” I asked, and David nodded.
“My father is also an entrepreneur, a warrior, and a politician. He’s of the first generation of deities—the Primitus—to be entrusted with the protection of humans.” David gazed out the passenger’s side window, viewing the front door of my house. 
“Why isn’t he here with you and the rest of your family?”
“Because he has to keep the universe in order, and he prefers our residence in Caelum. As of a few years ago, we hardly see him anymore.”
“I bet you miss him.” I looked down at my lap and straightened my dress skirt. “I miss my dad every single day.” I cleared the lump in my throat and changed the subject before I became Debbie Downer. “You know I’ve kept my end of the bargain, and I haven’t returned to Somnium, right?”
“Right.”
“That means you’ll be leaving as soon as you figure me out.”
“Is that a question, or is it what you’d like me to do?”
“Neither. I’m trying to understand why you’d buy a house if you don’t plan on staying. I mean, it’s kind of a long-term commitment. Is there some other reason you’re here?” 
“There is one other reason,” he said. “The reason for the bickering between my mother and brothers and me.”
“And that reason is…?”
David stared at me. I waited. 
“Feel free to fill in the blank anytime.” 
 “I’m going to have to hold that reason back from you because I’m afraid it may affect your judgment of me. It’s nothing I’m ashamed of. I would just rather keep it to myself… for now.” His eyes shifted to the house again.
“That only makes me think that you haven’t been completely honest with me, like you promised.”
“I’ve told you once, and I’ll repeat it: I will never lie to you.”
I stared at him for a long time, and he stared back. For an instant, I thought I saw him moving toward me, but it must’ve been my imagination and a lot of wishful thinking. It was him that broke eye contact to glance at his phone. 
“But you’ll tell me when it’s not a huge deity secret anymore?”
“It’s not about telling, it’s about showing.”
Huh? Why did he have to be such a complicated person? I needed to know things, not figure them out like a labyrinth. 
“I don’t understand⎯”
 “It’s not appropriate for us to be inside the car this long outside of your house. Let me walk you to your door.” David grabbed the key from the ignition and circled the car. He took my hand and held it until we reached the porch.
Why was he holding my hand when he had been so clear that nothing could happen between us? The worst part was that I let him. Hadn’t Nyx warned me? 
“I’ll see you tomorrow, then?” I gazed at our hands still joined.
“You will,” he said, and then he placed his hand on the curve of my neck. 
The tip of his nose touched mine, and the joints in my body locked in place. He was so close that I could taste the sweetness in his breath. Somehow, I reacted.
“Wait!” I said. “What are you doing?”
“Plotting a new beginning.” 
I set my hand flat against his chest and pushed him away. “Thank you for a lovely afternoon.” 
 “Right,” he blinked, and took a step back. “My pleasure… always.”
 He was half way to his car when he stopped and turned to look at me. “Good night, my lovely.” 
“Night.”
My dress swayed in the breeze as I watched him leave, and I wondered what could be if he was just as plain as I was. 
I staggered into the kitchen and sighed a little too loud—Claire heard me.
“I’ll bet anything that sigh is worth one thought.” She slid tomatoes off the cutting board and into a skillet. “And I bet I know that thought’s name.”
As usual, she was right. But I’d never admit to it. I leaned against the kitchen counter and watched her chopping away.
“Need some help?” 
“Fix us some salad, would ya, hun?”
“Uh, Mom… I’m not hungry. Nyx prepared this ginormous spread of pastries, canapés and some other stuff. It was deee-licious.”
“Better than my cooking?”
“Um… not better, just different.”
“Hmm.”
I picked out some vegetables from the fridge and started making a salad for Claire. My mind wandered off to David and his brothers as I sliced and diced. They’d be enrolling tomorrow. Boy, were the girls at school in for a treat.
“By the way,” Claire said. “Dr. Jameson called. Wanted to know how you were. I forgot to mention to him you were having daydreams about some good looking kid you picked up at the library.”
“Would you stop with that already? What do you want to know?”
“Is his mother younger or older than me?”
“About the same.”
“Is she pretty?”
“Yes.”
“What about his father?”
“I don’t know. I haven’t met him yet.”
“Why not?”
“He’s never there.”
“Well, where is he?”
“Mom, I don’t know. I don’t ask David such personal questions.” Actually, I did, but I couldn’t tell her about Caelum. 
***
Monday, I woke up half an hour earlier than usual. The sun wasn’t out yet, but the street lamps provided enough illumination for me to see the stillness of the waking day ahead. 
For obvious reasons I was still denying, I took extra time to doll myself up. I put on a fitted black top and blue jeans and a pair of low, wedge heels. I sprayed on my favorite perfume, followed by the scented body lotion—jasmine and gardenia. When I was done, I looked at the girl staring back at me in the mirror. She looked kind of pretty.
Coffee was already brewed courtesy of Claire, who had left about ten minutes earlier; I grabbed a pastry bar from the pantry.
Before walking out the door, I got a text from Andy: “Walking?”
“Yup,” I texted back.
I had only walked three houses down from mine when David pulled up in his car alongside me. He rolled the window down on the passenger side.
“Can I drive you to school today?”
“Can I say no?” 
“I’d prefer you said ‘yes’.”
I tugged on the door handle. Big surprise—it was locked. He stepped out and opened the passenger door. When I moved to get in, he closed the car door and pinned me up against it. I took in a sharp breath.
“What? Are you frightened of me now?” His lips were centimeters away from mine.
I hesitated before I answered, “Yes.”
David sniggered. He kissed my cheeks and reached for my waist. The muscles in my stomach contracted. He moved me aside and opened the car door. My cheeks were burning.
I stepped in the Maserati. As soon as he had shut the door, I reached for the visor mirror to inspect my face. Sure enough, I was as red as Rudolph’s shiny nose. David climbed in the driver’s seat.
“That was uncalled for,” I said. “Your mother would disapprove.”
“My mother isn’t here, is she?”
“You shouldn’t play around like that, David. It’s not nice.”
“Why would you think I was playing?”
“Because of your laws, your family… your life?” 
He turned to look at me. He was speechless for the first time.
“Well?” I said.
“I would rather we changed the subject.”
***
What had brought on this sudden change in him? Nyx probably told him I thought he was exceptionally good looking. But who wouldn’t think that? He wasn’t oblivious to the fact that I was nervous around him, and he was using it to his advantage. He couldn’t be serious about pursuing me. Or could he?
 “Wait.” I grabbed David’s arm before he stepped out of the car. His firm muscles tightened under my fingers. For a second I lost my train of thought.
“Yes?” David asked.
 “Oh… if anyone asks, I met you at the library.”
“Right.” He turned to get out of the car again.
“Wait. Where am I supposed to tell my friends you’re from?”
“Why don’t you leave the talking to me?” He winked and stepped out of the vehicle.
Low whispers and stares from the kids sitting on the brick benches followed us as we walked up to the school entrance. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see the girls staring in disbelief or envy as David strode by. Too bad I didn’t have any tissues on me to hand them so they could wipe off their drool.
David seemed to grow tense as we walked down the hallway. I wondered if he was nervous to start school. We turned the corner near the cafeteria, and I saw Andy and Bill waiting for me at our usual table. We waved at each other.
“Hey, Isis!” Simon, a football player, greeted me as we passed each other.
“Hi, Simon. See ya later.”
David grabbed my hand and stopped walking. I tried to pull away, but his grip was too tight.
“You’re hurting me,” I said. He loosened his grip but didn’t let go.
“Who—was—that?”
“He’s a guy in my class. Let me go.”
“Do you fancy him?”
“That’s none of your business,” I said, trying to pry his fingers from my hand. He took hold of that hand too. Giving up on the custody battle for my limbs, I looked up at him. Why was he acting this way?
“David?” Eryx’s voice startled me.
David let one of my hands free.
“Hello, brother. Have you enrolled?”
“Yes,” Eryx nodded. “Galen is waiting for his class schedule.”
I glanced over to Andy and Bill who were watching us. Bill stood up and tugged on Andy’s hand to follow.
“My friends are coming,” I said. “Eighty-six the formal talk and act like teenagers… if you can.”
I smiled at Andy as she and Bill approached. Suddenly, everyone noticed David and I were holding hands. David seemed to enjoy the attention.
“Hi,” Andy said.
“Hi,” I said. “Andy, Bill, this is David and his brother, Eryx, and that guy coming out of the office is their other brother, Galen.”
Bill and Andy turned to see Galen strutting toward us. While they were distracted, I elbowed David in an attempt to dislodge my hand, but the blow didn’t seem to faze him.
“Hello,” David said.
“Galen,” Eryx said and put his hand on Galen’s shoulder, “this is Andy and Bill. They’re friends of Isis’s.”
“Bill,” Galen said.
“’Sup, Galen?” 
“Andy.” Galen cocked an eyebrow at her. 
“Hi!” Andy said with a bit too much of enthusiasm, and Bill noticed. “Let’s all go sit at our table.” She pulled on Bill’s arm. 
“Let me go,” I whispered as we followed Bill and Andy.
“Why?” David asked. “You didn’t seem to mind it yesterday.”
“Well, I mind it today, okay?”
“Is this part of your ploy, little brother?” Galen asked, but David ignored him.
“I’m sorry.” He released my hand. “You have no idea how… different this is for me.”
“I don’t really care,” I said. “You stay away from me.”
“Isis, please⎯”
“Shh…” Eryx hissed. We were nearing Andy and Bill.
The cheerleaders at the next table gawked at the Chios boys. I sat next to Andy. David sat between the twins on the other side of the table a few feet away from me. His brow was furrowed. 
Andy and Bill started questioning the brothers, but it was Eryx who did most of the talking. Galen seemed too intrigued by the exchange of stares between David and me to answer any questions.
I knew Andy was dying to know what the deal was between David and me, because she kept kicking me under the table every time she noticed us scowling at each other.
“But why not live in a big city? Why Los Fresnos? The town is almost invisible, it’s so small,” Andy said.
“We prefer the quiet and tranquility,” Eryx answered. “Something of which there is an abundance of here.” 
 “Abundance of boredom is more like it.” Galen decided to put in his two cents. “Tell me, are there many suicide-related deaths in this place? Because I can certainly see how anyone would resort to death over living here.”
“Galen isn’t into small town living,” Eryx said.
“Solitary confinement is more populated than this town.” 
Eryx shot us an apologetic smile. “He doesn’t deal well with change.” 
“And I don’t think this place could be called a town at all.”
“Galen…” 
“A village, maybe.”
“Galen.”
“Or perhaps a six-person book club.” 
Eryx glared at him.
“Hell, I’ve seen leper colonies with more life.”
“Galen!” Eryx snapped. “We get it.”
***
Several minutes passed, and David’s face reflected remorse. When he stood up, I had a feeling he’d be coming to sit by me. I pulled Andy out of her seat.
“We’ll be right back. Ladies’ room.”
We were half way to the restrooms when Andy asked, “What’s the deal with you and David? You two are together already? You met him like five minutes ago.”
“We’re not together,” I said. “He’s just a friend.”
“A friend who holds your hand and looks into your eyes the way he does? Yeah right.”
“Andy, it’s nothing. Really. We just hung out a little over the weekend, and that was it. Innocent, friendly socializing.”
“Where’d you guys go?”
“Sunday morning we had breakfast in town, and then his mom invited me over for tea in the afternoon.”
“You met his parents for tea? Fancy.”
“Only his mom. His dad is out of town or something.” I shrugged casually.
“Isis, he introduced you to his mother. Girl—don’t take this the wrong way—but you are either blind or stupid. This guy is into you. Don’t tell Bill I said this, but David is gorgeous. What are you waiting for?”
“He’s not my type.”
“Do you need glasses? What do you mean he’s not your type? Those three boys are every girl’s type. Have you seen them? And Galen…” Andy fanned her light ebony face. “Don’t tell Bill I said that either.” 
“Galen? Are you serious? He’s—”
“Oh, I already have a list. Don’t get me started. But that still doesn’t make him any less hot.”
“I can’t believe you.” I shook my head. “Let’s head back. It’s almost time to get to class anyway.”
***
From the hallway, I spied Jean Murphy talking to Galen. Marie Shannon, the co-captain of the cheerleading squad accompanied her. Galen looked annoyed. I wouldn’t blame him. Jean’s high-timbre voice was an acquired taste. Eryx and Bill were deep in conversation, ignoring the cheerleaders. David looked over his shoulder at us on the edge of his seat. He was waiting for me.
“So, Greece, huh?” Jean giggled in a deafening pitch as we reached the boys. 
“Yes,” Galen said. “May I ask you for a favor, Jean?”
“Anything.” 
“I was wondering if you’d please be so kind as to leave us now?”
Jean wrinkled her nose, her mouth tight. She turned her attention to Eryx. “Eric, what languages do you speak?”
“The name is Eryx. E, R, Y, X.” 
“I was gonna ask you about that,” Bill said.
“It’s unique, isn’t it?” 
“Uh… Eryx?” Jean said. I don’t think she was used to being ignored. It was sort of entertaining to watch.
“Yes, please excuse me, Jean. I speak Greek, Italian, French, Spanish, Latin and a few other dialects,” Eryx said.
Galen tapped Eryx on the shoulder. 
“Brother,” Galen said. “If you feed the cats, they’ll keep coming back. Please. I beg you. Stop.”
Bill and Andy broke out in laughter as Jean and Marie took a hint and walked away.
David hadn’t stopped staring at me the whole time. He stood and walked over to me.
“Can I speak to you… in private?”
I glared at him. I hoped he was smart enough to interpret my silence as a no.
“Please.” 
“Fine.” I knew he wouldn’t stop if I didn’t talk to him.
I moved several seats down to the end of the table. Andy turned away, pretending she wasn’t paying attention.
“Isis,” David whispered. “I’m not the type to act out like this. Please accept my apology.”
“Apology accepted,” I said, standing up. “Is that all?”
“No. I have to confess something.”
“Just say whatever you need to say so we can be done with this already.”
“The thing is…” David took a deep breath. “I’m jealous—jealous of every boy that sets his sight on you. And if I could, I would tear out their eyes.”



David didn’t look like he was kidding. I glanced over my shoulder to see if the others were watching. I knew he was capable of not only tearing eyes out, but of tearing limbs off if he wanted to.
“Jealous?”
“I can’t control it.”
I studied his perfect face. Part of me felt flattered and pleased to know that he liked me. But another part of me knew better than to give either of us false hope that there could ever be anything between us.
“I think you’re confused,” I said.
“No.” 
“Hey, David…” Bill interrupted. “What’s your first class?”
David glanced at Bill, then back at me. The moment had passed.
“English Literature, A.P. But there seems to be a mistake. There are only four classes on my schedule.” 
“That’s the way the school system works here,” I said. “Four classes, one semester, and then another four classes the second semester. What classes do you have?”
He handed me his schedule.
“We’ve got two classes together—first and fourth,” I said, knowing I would have to find a way to keep my distance from him. 
I saw a hint of a smile form on his lips when I looked up at him again.
“You have all advanced placement classes. You should’ve taken a study hall. You’ll be up to your neck in homework and projects with these.” I handed the paper back to him.
“I doubt that,” he said arrogantly, folding the sheet and tucking it into his pocket. “Now, as I was saying…”
“Oh, David, c’mon,” I said. “We’ve just met. We hardly know each other. Plus, whatever you’re thinking can’t exist. It’s unthinkable.”
“And if there were a way?” He searched my face for an answer.
“But there isn’t, and I’m not interested, so you might as well forget any hypothetical angles.”
“I see.” 
I felt horrible, being so cold with him, but the fact of the matter remained; we weren’t allowed to be together. I couldn’t set us both up for heartbreak. I’d have to be the strong one, just like Nyx had warned me.
“We’d better get to class,” I said. 
David shrugged. 
I turned to signal Andy that I was headed off to first period. She grabbed our things, pecked Bill on the lips, and joined us.
“May I?” David said, offering to take our book bags.
“Thanks,” Andy said.
David led the way out of the cafeteria. I wondered just how much I had hurt him.
“He’s no Gabriel, I’ll tell you that,” Andy whispered.
“Who’s Gabriel?” I asked.
“Gabriel Betancourt—your ex-boyfriend?” Andy nudged me. “The one you’re clearly over.” 
“Oh. Right,” I murmured. But I wasn’t sure I was over Gabriel. I still sometimes wished he hadn’t graduated and moved away. 
***
David sat behind me in English Lit. We were handed pop quizzes right as the class started. It was short, so it didn’t take more than ten minutes before I finished answering the questions. I had just set my pen down, when David leaned his desk forward.
“I won’t stop until I’ve claimed your heart,” he whispered into my hair. “And that’s both a promise and a threat.” 
“I told you, I’m not interested.”
“Trust me… you are.”
Andy cleared her throat to warn us that Mrs. Lopez was watching. I flipped my notebook open and started scribbling. A couple of minutes later, when the teacher didn’t call our names, I let out a sigh of relief and tried to concentrate on the class again. 
After the lecture, Jean Murphy and two other cheerleaders made a huge effort to get David’s attention. Jean asked Andy for a pencil, and then reached over in front of David to take it from Andy’s hand—very unnecessary, might I add. 
As she took the pencil from Andy, Jean’s charm bracelet got caught in my hair, pulling about twenty hairs out of my scalp. She didn’t even apologize. Typical. David helped her untangle it, and Jean was all giggles. My curls were ruined. I was furious.
Andy and David took turns untangling the knots in my hair. I pulled it back in a ponytail concealing the untamable parts. I gave Jean the stink-eye the rest of the period.
“You look lovely,” David said after class, trying to lessen my aggravation.
“It doesn’t look bad at all,” Andy agreed.
Jean ran up to David in the hallway. She weaved her arm with his and slipped him a small folded piece of paper. I didn’t bother waiting for him.
“Walk me to class?” I heard Jean ask David as I stalked away.
Andy tried to keep pace with me. “Geez, Isis, it’s not the end of the world. Your hair looks good. I wouldn’t lie to you.”
“I know that.” 
“So chill out. Don’t let it ruin your day. You look beautiful.”
 I could see David hurrying to catch up to Andy and me. I walked faster. Andy followed.
“Are you mad at him?”
“No,” I said. “Why would I be mad at him?”
“Because of Jean.”
 “Are you implying that I’m jealous?”
“You’re sure acting like it.” 
“Whatever.”
At last, David made his way through the crowd and to us, looking pleased with himself. I guessed I’d be happy too if the captain of the cheerleading squad gave me her phone number.
“Where’s your next class?” Andy asked David.
“Across the hall from mine,” I answered for him.
***
Bill met Andy by the usual staircase to walk her to her next class. David and I walked together to second period alone. My irritation had simmered down, but boiled back over when I saw Jean waiting at the doorway to David’s classroom. A whole lot of nasty words came to mind as I fiddled with my ponytail, making sure the part that felt like a bird’s nest was covered. 
David walked me to my classroom door. The lab tables were already full; a sign that the tardy bell would ring soon.
“May I sit with you at lunch?” David asked, following me into class. “Otherwise, I’ll have to sit with Jean—Deus have pity on me.”
“I guess,” I said as I walked to my table and set my book bag down. David frowned when he saw that Simon, the football player, was my lab partner. I smiled at his disapproval.
“See you after class, then.” He grabbed my hand and kissed it. Delicious tingles crept up my arm, and it was like a million butterfly wings were fluttering in my stomach. It was hard to hate the feelings he awakened in me. 
A loud thud made me come back to reality. I pulled my hand away from David, and looked behind me.
“Sorry,” Simon said, glaring at David as he picked his book up from the floor.
David sneered at Simon, his jaw clenched. Simon pulled my lab stool out from under the table just as the tardy bell rang, and patted the seat as an indication for me to sit.
“You’re late,” I said to David.
“I’m new. I have an excuse.” He winked at me, sized up Simon, and left the room.
“So, the new guy’s already on the prowl, huh?” Simon said in a soft voice as Mr. Ybarra, our Physiology teacher, took attendance.
I shrugged, evading the subject and searched my sack for my book.
“I heard you were dating,” Simon continued. “Not him, but in general.”
“Nope.” 
“I was wondering… if you’d like to go out sometime? Not on a date or anything—as friends.”
“As friends?” Yeah right. Simon asked me out right after he heard that Gabriel and I had broken up. “Um… I’ll have to get back to you on that. I’m not going out a lot these days. Got several projects to work on.” 
“Well, think about it.”
Mr. Ybarra started the class with a lecture based on an article on human stem cell research. I sat in silence and listened to the rest of the class contribute to the subject. Their voices fell into the background as my mind wandered to David. I visualized him as he was in Terra Somnium with his wings spanned, in his golden skin—I was terrified then, confused now.
***
After class, David and Jean seemed to be hitting it off rather well in the hallway. I kept telling myself I didn’t care. Jean was very touchy, feely with David. That made me lose my appetite. Instead of waiting for David, I went to the restroom to take a look at the disaster that was my hair. Andy was right; it didn’t look that bad. I readjusted it a bit and it turned out looking fine. I dabbed on a little lip shine, and then headed to the cafeteria.
Our new group, including all the Chios brothers, was seated at our table by the time I arrived. There were a few others there as well—all girls, of course. An extra lunch plate was on the table beside David. I wondered if it belonged to one of the twins or maybe Jean.
Andy pointed to the plate. “Yours,” she mouthed, motioning with her eyes that it was David’s doing. I walked toward David, pleased that he had thought of getting lunch for me.
Just as I reached the table, Jean slid the plate away and took my seat. That Cow! I sat down next to Andy instead. David looked at me apologetically, but I just shrugged. I didn’t want Jean to see she had upset me.
“Excuse me.” David picked up both trays of food and left Jean sitting by herself. He moved over to my side of the table and put the plate in front of me.
“Hungry?” David asked.
“A little.” I watched Jean having a hissy out of the corner of my eye. Sweet justice.
Of course, David’s movement didn’t go unnoticed. Galen’s laugh rose above the crowd’s chatter. He whispered what had happened to Bill. Bill laughed, too, and looked over at Jean, who was trying hard to look like she didn’t care. 
I turned away from the table and back to David, who was touching my hand.
“Are you still mad at me?” he asked.
“No.” 
“Are you sure?”
“Yeah. I’m over it.”
David relaxed and let go of my hand. He glanced at our food trays and wrinkled his nose.
“Are we being punished for something?” 
“It’s not that bad,” I said.
“Starving pigs wouldn’t eat this.” 
I sliced off a piece of the Salisbury steak. It took courage, but I put it in my mouth. It was disgusting. I gagged and spit it out in my napkin. 
“Most days I eat a salad,” I said. 
***
David was late to Government and Economics—his last class of the day. He sat next to Eryx on the other side of the room from me, glancing at me every few minutes. He caught me stealing glances at him, too. I couldn’t help it. 
Out of the corner of my eye, I watched as he tore off a piece of the paper and wrote something on it. He then pressed his lips against it, folded it, and handed it to the kid next to him to pass to me.
I opened the note, making sure the teacher wasn’t watching. A pair of gold lip imprints slowly disintegrated into a glittery powder that slid onto my desk.
“A kiss, such as this,
would look divine on thy lips.”
My ears and cheeks felt warm with the rush of blood that circulated through them. I lowered my head and tried to suppress a smile. I peeked at David, and he smiled back.
I tucked the paper between the pages of my spiral notebook and gazed at the golden powder on my desktop. I ran my finger through it in a circular motion, testing the consistency between my thumb and forefinger: silky.
I was tempted to smell it, but knew David—and probably Eryx—would be watching. I pressed my wrist on the golden powder when they weren’t looking. I ran my fingers through my bangs and sniffed at my wrist in the process. It smelled like David—woodsy and spicy—and heavenly. 
Over the sound of the last school bell, the teacher reminded us to cast our votes for the nominees of the Miss Spring Pageant. 
Eryx and David met me in the hallway after class. I felt even tinier than I already was between those two.
“Would you like me to take you home?” David asked.
“I usually get a ride from Andy and Bill,” I said.
“Would you consider making an exception?”
“I… um…” I shook my head.
“Please?”
“Sorry. They’re waiting for me. I have to go.”
David grabbed my arm. Galen who was walking in our direction, looked like he wanted to intervene, but Eryx took a few quick steps toward him and stopped him. The twins walked through the busy hallway, leaving us behind. I wouldn’t be getting any help from them.
“You can let go now,” I said, and after a little hesitation, he released my arm.
 “I see no harm in driving you home.”
“Don’t take it so personally. I’m just used to riding with my friends. That’s all.”
“You’re also used to walking to school. And yet, you had no problem with me driving you this morning.” 
He stood waiting for a response from me. I sighed and turned my eyes in the direction of the front office, hoping that Andy would be there to rescue me. No such luck.
Instead, I saw Jean eyeing David, twirling her hair on her finger. I could tell she was waiting for him to walk by. She was so obvious. 
“Okay,” I said. “I’ll ride home with you… for today.” 
As we passed Jean on our way out of the building, David wrapped his arm around my waist. Jean scowled at me and said something under her breath. I sneered back at her as I took David’s hand off my waist. 
“We’re not on those terms,” I said. “And I’d appreciate it if you kept your distance.”
“I’d like to drive you home every day,” David said, ignoring my comment.
“No.”
“Why?” 
“Because.”
“That’s not an answer. Stop being so childish.”
I hated being called that. I stopped at the doorway. “Enjoy your ride home alone,” I said and pushed the glass door open with full force. I hurried toward the parking lot. David caught up to me quicker than I anticipated and blocked my way.
“What is it? What did I say?” 
“I am not childish. You keep calling me that.” 
“It won’t happen again. Will you reconsider and let me drive you home?”
I looked around and saw Bill, Galen, Andy, and Eryx standing around the Maserati. I headed over to them, leaving David behind. About halfway to the group I realized David wasn’t following.
“How long do you plan on standing there? C’mon,” I said. “I’ve gotta go tell them I’m riding home with you today.”
“Yes, General.” He saluted me.
“Stop trying to make me laugh. I’m mad at you.” 
“Yes. That seems to be the theme today.”
I stopped again and turned to glare at him. David held his index finger and thumb up to his mouth and turned an imaginary key. 
“My brothah!” Bill said, high fiving David. “Suhweet ride.”
“Yes. She’s a monster,” David said proudly. “Drives like silk.”
“Where’s that car you’ve been raving about?” Eryx asked Bill.
“Oh no, please don’t get him started,” Andy said.
Bill pointed to his Mustang. “Right there.” We followed him over to admire it.
“Refurbished engine. New paint. Original interior. Original wheels. Roars like a lion, rides like a stallion.” Bill opened the car door and let Galen in to inspect it.
“I’m impressed,” Galen said. “She’s in mint condition. You have good taste.”
“Not just in cars,” Andy said.
“We don’t doubt that,” I said. “Do we?” I looked at the brothers.
No one answered. I could almost hear crickets chirping in the background. 
“Hello?” I said.
“With all respect,” Eryx said to Bill, “your taste in girls is better than your taste in cars.”
“Thanks, man,” Bill told him. “She’s a real doll.”
While the boys were busy building up their egos and admiring each other’s cars, I told Andy I’d be getting a ride home with David. 
“Not your type, huh?” she teased.
“Hmph.”
I waved to Andy and Bill as David pulled out of the parking lot and joined the line of cars waiting to exit the school, horns honking and stereos screaming.
We were both quiet on the way to my house. David dabbled with the stereo while I looked out the window and watched the kids walking home in the oppressive heat.
This was a hotter spring than usual for south Texas. I didn’t want to imagine what the hellish temperatures would be like in the summer. 
“Have you thought about what I asked?” David said as we turned the corner on my street.
“Thought about what?”
“Will you let me drive you every day?”
“Oh, that.” I looked out the window again. “Hey, um, that was my house we just passed.”
“Yes, but you still haven’t answered my question.” 
“Why are you being so persistent? Am I not making myself clear enough?”
“I’m certainly not as persistent as you, my lovely.”
“Oh, I beg to differ.” 
“I beg you differ not.” He tapped my nose with his finger. I swatted his hand out of my face.
“Are you always this incorrigible?”
“Yes.”
He turned the block and drove down another street. 
“Well?” he asked.
I was reluctant to answer—it wasn’t that I didn’t want him driving me to and from school. The idea of seeing him every morning at my doorstep made my heart beat at the pace of a cardiac workout. It was the idea of not seeing him at all if things turned against us that I was afraid of. I didn’t want to tell him that that’s why I couldn’t accept a ride from him. That would only make him pursue me more intensely. I had to find a way to convince him that he had to suppress his feelings, that I was vulnerable. I was a mere human with weaknesses and flaws, but I wasn’t ignorant of the consequences of us acting on our feelings. Why couldn’t he understand that?
David drove the car to the front of a vacant lot and parked.
“Listen,” I said. “I can’t… No… I won’t let you be led on by—”
“Isis, spare me the sermon. I have my mother and brothers for that. I’m not an idiot. I know what I’m doing… and I know what I want.”
“David…” I shook my head. “Your mother told me something like this would happen.”
“What did she tell you?” He started the car engine and set it in motion. But instead of heading to my house, he turned onto Ocean Boulevard and sped through town.
“Why aren’t you taking me home?” I asked.
“We’re paying a visit to my mother. There are issues that we need to take care of. I won’t allow anyone to interfere in my life any longer.” 
Great. Now Nyx was going to be mad that I told David what she said. My hands started to sweat.
“I don’t think that’s a good idea. I need to be home by the time my mom gets home or else I get in trouble.”
“This won’t take long.”
I sent Claire a text anyway to let her know I’d be at David’s house, but that I would be home in time for dinner. I always let her know where I was if I wasn’t going straight home after school. She had this horrible habit of thinking the worst had happened to me if I wasn’t home before she was. She replied with  “;)”.
Nyx’s Ferrari and the twins’ Land Rover were parked in front of the house when we got there. The southern style house reminded me of Scarlet O’Hara and Rhett Butler with its tall white pillars and vintage charm. I tried to remember a quote from Gone with the Wind to distract me from the fact that I was about to walk into an uncomfortable situation, but David hauled me out of the car before I could think of one.
“Hey, what’s the hurry?” 
“Impatience is a trait of mine,” David said.
Inside, I could hear music streaming down from the second floor. Nyx was in the den reading on a white chaise. She looked like a work Michelangelo would have kept for himself.
“Mother.” David led the way in and kissed her on either side of the face.
Nyx rose to her feet. “Isis, I’m so pleased you came to visit.”
“Hi. It’s nice to see you, too,” I said.
“David, why didn’t you tell me she would be visiting? I would’ve prepared afternoon tea.”
“It’s not a social visit,” David told her.
“But a guest in my home is a rarity. You have no idea what it’s like living under a roof with three bickering boys. I need a woman’s company.”
“Hello, again,” Eryx said as he and Galen entered the room. 
“Hello, Isis,” Galen said, taking a seat on the couch. “Did you forget where you live?”
“No,” I huffed. “David brought me.”
“Mmm,” Galen pursed his lips. “He’s dragging you around everywhere with him like a doll, is he? Tsk, tsk, my brother. And here I thought you were more of a gentleman.” 
“Zip it, Galen,” Nyx said. “David, what is it that you’d like me to tell her?” She already knew what David wanted from her without him so much as breathing a word. Amazing.
“This is private, between Isis, you, and me,” David said, eyeing his brothers. Instead of leaving, though, the twins got comfortable, taking a seat on the sofa. David had no choice but to continue with them in the room.
“I’d like you to tell Isis how you have no say in my personal interests or decisions. You know what those are. And tell—her—now.” 
Nyx set a hand on her hip and arched her brow. 
“Don’t talk to her like that,” I objected. “She’s your mother. Respect her.”
“It’s okay. I’ll deal with him later,” Nyx said. “You and I should speak in private, Isis.” She took me by the arm, led me up the stairs to her bedroom, and locked the door.
“Sit, dear.” She patted the bed. “I’ll tell you about my son’s ‘interest’.”
“Okay.” I felt nervous.
“First, I have to ask: do you feel for David as he does for you?” 
“I don’t⎯” 
“You don’t have to be ashamed. I can sense in you that you’re aware of his feelings for you.
“Those boys of mine have no idea of what it’s like to be in love. They’ve experienced temporary infatuations with human girls here and there, never to a degree that would make me worry. They know their limitations. That’s not to say that they haven’t had relationships with their own kind, but that’s different.”
The thought of David with other girls made my teeth grind together.
“In my experience, I’ve found that these male deities are far too spoiled—David especially. They think they can always get what they want with a snap of their fingers. They all grow huge egos. To be honest, I’m grateful that you haven’t given in to David’s charm.
“He needs to learn to fight a battle without weapons. The struggle will teach him to value and respect you. That’s a lesson that must be learned on one’s own.”
She took several steps toward the window and gazed at the bright blue sky for a moment. “I’ve sensed something with you, but what it is, I’m not certain,” she said in almost a whisper. Then she turned to look at me. “I was thinking aloud. Pay no attention to my rambling.
“Anyhow, I suppose I need to let my sons take responsibility for their actions. That’s why I won’t oppose to David’s determination to win you over. You’re free to decide whether you’ll have him as a suitor. I won’t judge you either way.
“Oh, and Isis, the words we’ve exchanged behind this closed door should stay between us. You’ve seen the way my sons react under the most trivial of circumstances. I could do without their drama.”
“I won’t tell anyone,” I said.

 

After having a glass of strawberry lemonade, David took me home.
“How did your chat with my mother go?” 
“It went well.” 
“Did she assure you that I was free to make my own decisions?”
“Yes, she mentioned that.”
 “She likes you. That pleases me.”
***
Claire’s car was parked in the driveway when we reached my house. David walked me to the door where I could bet anything she was peeking through the peephole. 
“You look worried.” David noted the expression on my face. 
“Not really,” I said. But to be honest, I was thinking about the last part of the conversation I had with Nyx. “I forgot I have to help my mom with dinner.”
“Then I’ll leave you to your chores.” He locked his fingers with mine and kissed the back of my hand. I didn’t pull it away this time. 
I watched until the black sports car was out of view.
With a quick twist, I turned the doorknob and flung the door open, hoping to catch Claire running away. Instead of the door swinging right open, it bounced back with a loud thump and an “Ouch!”
“Mom?” I was careful as I opened the door this time. Claire was sitting on the floor holding her head.
“Jesus Christ, Isis! What the hell is wrong with you? Are you trying to kill me?”
 “I’m so sorry. I didn’t think you’d still be behind the door. Should I drive you to the hospital?” I felt horrible.
“No. I’m fine. Just get me an icepack.”
I helped her up and sat her at the kitchen table while I filled a sandwich bag with ice. “You need to stop spying on me.” 
“I wasn’t spying. I was observing,” she said, closing her eyes as she placed the homemade icepack above her right eye.
“Gimme a break. I’m not twelve. I know the difference.”
I walked over to the fridge and started pulling out ingredients for dinner, then walked over to her again.
“How do you feel?” I asked, lifting the icepack off her brow to inspect it.
“Like I was hit on the head with a door. Is it swollen?”
“Uh… I think you should look in the mirror. But I have to warn you, you look a little like the elephant man.” 
“What?” She raced to the mirror in the living room. I stayed in the kitchen, afraid to see her reaction.
“Oh… My… God!” 
I cringed.
“I can’t go to work looking like this!” 
***
Dr. Jameson was nice enough to make a house call. I didn’t know who else to resort to, and Andy had once told me he was a nurse at some point of his life, before he became a psychiatrist.
Thankfully, Claire didn’t have a concussion, but the bump distorted the proportion of her head. Dr. Jameson told her to keep ice on it.
Neither Claire nor I was in the mood to cook after that scare. We ended up ordering pizza and spaghetti. I sent Claire upstairs to rest while I washed the dishes and tidied up a bit before I went up to my room to finish my homework.
***
March 7, 10:43 P.M.
Your sight on mine and mine on yours is no longer forbidden. But to what extent, I’m not certain. I’m confused, afraid, and curious about you, about me, about us. Confused for the change of heart, afraid of falling, and curious for what is to come.
***
I was relieved when Claire’s bump had shrunk by morning, but it was still noticeable. She decided to go to work even though she said she looked like she was growing a horn. I helped her cover the bruising with make-up, and we managed to hide the bump with her hair.
As I locked the front door, I heard a car come to a stop in front of my house. I kept my back turned, trying to get rid of the silly grin on my face. I could hear his footsteps coming up the walkway. With a straight face, I turned to greet him.
David walked up the porch steps and kissed my cheeks in his usual manner. “Good morning, my lovely.” He handed me a single long-stemmed red rose. There was a note attached to it with a silky satin bow.
***
“My Lovely,
Your guise is unparalleled,
Your touch entices my thirst,
Your presence thaws my soul,
My heart threatens to burst.
Awaiting your requited love,
Forevermore I shall remain.
Never exhausting of time,
But enduring this eternal pain.
Ceaselessly Yours,
David Chios
***
“Did you write this?” 
“I did.”
“David, I… I love it,” I whispered, rereading the words on the paper.
Any other girl might have fallen into his arms and melted. Too bad I wasn’t any other girl.
“Thank you for accepting a ride from me this morning. I didn’t think you’d be willing since you were so set on your answer yesterday.” David reached for the car door.
“How am I supposed to refuse after a stunt like this? You’re cheating.” 
“All’s fair in love and war, I’ve heard.” 
I kept my eyes on the ground, trying my hardest not to let him see how blown away I was over the gift. I wasn’t about to give in so lightly, even though I felt the urge to spring into cartwheels. I stole the occasional glance and wondered what other romantic gestures he was capable of. Some would call it corny… too corny, even. But I was a lost cause for corny.
***
“Girl, he is in love with you.” Andy’s golden eyes flickered back and forth between the parchment paper and me.
Through one of the restroom mirrors, I watched her read the poem over again like I had.
“I‘m jealous.” She sighed. “I want Bill to write me poetry, too. Does he tutor boyfriends in need of romantic inspiration?”
“I wouldn’t doubt it. That’s probably his hobby.”
Andy and I giggled as we walked out of the restroom.
***
When we returned to the cafeteria, the first bell rang indicating that class would start in seven minutes. I expected to see Jean prancing around Eryx or David, but she wasn’t anywhere in sight.
“What were you guys doing in there?” Bill asked. “We’ve been waiting for you forever.”
“William,” David said. “A man always waits patiently for his ladylove.”
“Are you for real?” Bill’s eyes narrowed. “What black and white movie did you escape from?”
David laughed.
Andy and Bill moved to the side to say their good-byes before they headed off in different directions.
“So much for trying to educate a boy,” Eryx said under his breath to Galen as they passed me.
“I wouldn’t have waited for her,” Galen muttered.
“Yes, but then again, you’re no gentleman, brother.” Eryx laughed.
Galen pushed his brother playfully as they walked into the crowded hall.
Andy, David, and I walked to first period together, elbowing our way through the crowd. When we got to class, Andy reached into my book bag and set the rose on my desk. I didn’t understand why she had pulled it out. I had been very careful in making sure it wouldn’t get crushed. It wasn’t until I saw Jean’s face when Andy said in a loud voice, “David, that rose you gave Isis is beautiful,” that I understood Andy’s reason for putting the flower on display.
“Yes it is, but it pales in her presence,” David said, and Andy glanced at me.
“I read the poem you wrote her, too.”
“Andrea,” I said. I didn’t want David to think I was divulging all the personal stuff about what was going on with us. Besides, Andy’s comment embarrassed me because now David knew it was important enough to share.
“And what did you think of it?” David asked.
“It’s sweet and passionate,” Andy said. “Have you thought of majoring in literature? You’d make an excellent writer.”
“Perhaps.” David and I exchanged a look; we both knew his scholastic level was beyond a simple degree in literature.
When the teacher had handed out our assignments, toward the end of class, David started to whisper into my hair. The warmth of his breath on my neck made me tense all over.
“I haven’t stopped thinking about that day in the hallway. Your lips tasted like sweet ripened berries. If I never taste them again, I’ll starve.”
I peered over my shoulder at him, wondering how he could be so confident and forward. 
David walked me to second period. He glared at Simon from the door.
“What’s up with you and that new guy anyway?” Simon asked.
“Nothing.”
“Nothing or none of my business?”
“Both.” 
“So you’re going out with him?”
“Could we drop this already?”
“It’s just a question.”
“Well, for future reference, I don’t share my personal life with just anyone.”
“So that’s a ‘yes’?”
“Simon…” 
“Gimme a little hope, Isis. I’ve been waiting to ask you out since freshman year.”
“That’s… uh… flattering.”
“So will you go out with me?”
“Simon, I told you, I’m not dating.”
“C’mon.” He reached for my hand. I moved it quickly to my lap.
“I said no. Conversation over. Now, if you don’t mind, physiology requires my undivided attention.”
“You’re not even going to consider it?”
“Shhh…” Mr. Ybarra called the class to order.
Minutes into the lecture, I caught Simon eyeing the rose in my bag. I felt kind of bad for him. 
“Isis, will you at least think about it? I mean, it’s just one date.” 
“I don’t want to hurt you. Just stop, okay?”
Simon tossed his pencil on the table with a swift twitch of the wrist. He didn’t say anything else to me for the remainder of the period. I was stuck with him as a lab partner until the end of the year—awkward. Simon refused to talk to me while we worked on the day’s lab assignment.  
After what seemed like an eternity, class ended. David was waiting by my classroom accompanied by Marie Shannon and Jean. I paused for a brief moment to watch the cheerleaders flirting.
They seemed to have it down to an art. They found ways to touch his arms or giggle and bat their eyelashes. I couldn’t see myself doing those things. It made me feel defective in some way. A small quiver of rage ran through my spine as I saw Jean’s fingers running up and down David’s arm. I couldn’t compete with that. I ducked out of the room in an attempt to avoid them.
“Pardon me, ladies.” I heard David excuse himself. I slowed my pace to let him catch up to me—there was no point in exhausting myself by running away; he’d catch up to me anyhow.
“Hey,” I said as he fell into step with me.
“How was your class?”
“It was okay. Yours?” I didn’t feel it was necessary to tell him about Simon. Why add more fuel to the fire? 
“Quite uninteresting.”
“What class is it, again?”
“Calculus.”
“That explains the uninteresting part of it.”
David chuckled. “Well, there were some interesting parts.”
“For example?”
“Your friend, Jean is very—how shall I say this? Friendly.”
“She’s not my friend.” I ground my teeth. David noticed my irritation, and I quickly composed myself. I’d be damned if he was going to play this type of game with me.
Our lunch table was full by the time we reached the cafeteria. The twins were making a real impression. Two jocks and three other girls had joined the group at our table. Andy had saved a place for me, but there wasn’t enough room for David.
“Sorry,” Andy said. “They were here before we were.”
“I guess we can take a booth.”
“You guys go ahead. I’m staying with Billy goat.”
David let out a snort. “Billy goat?”
“He loves it. Don’t you, Billy goat?” Andy crushed Bill’s arms and pressed her round ebony cheek against Bill’s pale, freckled face.
“Yeah, sure.” Bill rolled his eyes. “Love it.”
David insisted I stay at the booth and didn’t let me go get my lunch on my own. He stood restlessly in line keeping an eye on me. I’d swear his gaze was hypnotic. He blew a kiss in my direction. I looked away from him and scrolled through my phone messages, pretending not to take notice. On the inside, I was a giggling fool.
Claire had texted me, reminding me of the appointment with Dr. Jameson I had scheduled for today. He’d be glad to know I was doing much better. David wasn’t part of my horrific dreams anymore. Now, I could sleep without the use of the prescription medication. They had come in handy at the beginning, though. I’d have to thank the doctor for being so persistent with Claire. She would’ve taken longer to convince me of taking the pills otherwise.
David placed a salad on the table in front of me along with a small carton of milk.
“Thanks.”
“My pleasure.” 
He sat next to me instead of across the table.
From the cheerleaders’ table, Jean was looking at me like I had stolen her candy. I have to admit it felt good. But I knew a relationship with David wasn’t allowed for anyone that wasn’t of his same species—for lack of a better description. So why did I feel this jealousy?
“Can I drive you home this afternoon?” David asked.
“Oh, about that… Not today. I have a doctor’s appointment. I’m riding with Bill and Andy.”
 “Are you sick?”
“No…” I was hesitant to tell him I was seeing a psychiatrist. I didn’t want him to think I was a nut case.
“Why the appointment, then?”
“It’s not important.”
“I’m confused.”
I sighed. He wouldn’t stop until he had an answer. “I used to have trouble sleeping. I see a psychiatrist, Andy’s dad, Dr. Jameson.”
David frowned. “This insomnia was because of me, wasn’t it?”
 I nodded.
“I’m so sorry for causing you that type of trauma. If I could do it over again, believe me, I would never do this to you. But I had to find some way to keep you out. The consequences…”
“Yeah, I know. Still, I don’t understand why you didn’t do something about it the first time you found me there.”
“Have you ever looked at yourself—I mean really looked? You’re the most beautiful creature I’ve ever seen.”
I looked down at my salad. “You’re exaggerating.”
“Isis…”
“What?” 
His hand swept the hair out of my eyes and tucked it behind my ear. He cupped my face and closed the gap between us, nestling his nose next to mine. I felt my heart in my throat, beating at full speed. My internal voice screamed, Kiss him! But it was the chicken in me that clucked, “No.” 
David moved a few inches back. He stared at my mouth while his thumb traced the line of my bottom lip. Maybe it was just my imagination, but I thought I felt my heart stop for a few seconds. I placed my hand over his fingers and removed them from my face. David twisted his wrist and caught my hand; he squeezed it gently before letting go. 
The remainder of our lunch hour was quiet. For some reason, I thought about Gabriel. I felt guilty for thinking of him while I was sitting next to David. I felt like I was cheating on him, although we were through months ago. Why was Gabriel in my thoughts when David was a perfect distraction to everything around me? I wished I had let David kiss me. Then I came back to reality. Bad Isis!
I knew there couldn’t be anything beyond a kiss. I couldn’t be with him, and I knew why. I would rather keep him as a friend than lose him forever. 
Maybe, I should’ve agreed to go out with Simon to convince myself that Gabriel was over and done with and that my fate wasn’t pointing toward David. But I’d just be using Simon, which wasn’t fair.
The last class of the day rolled by slower than the rest. As the teacher lectured, David sat observing me. He tapped his hand on his leg as if desperate for the lesson to end.
Eryx stared at the notes on the chalkboard with a dismal look while everyone else, except for David and him, copied the lesson onto their notebooks. I wondered if their knowledge of American government and economics was so great that they could sit back and still pass the course. If they could, what was the point of being enrolled in school? Then I remembered the reason behind their sudden appearance in Los Fresnos. Me. 
I didn’t see why they had to attend school, though. David said it was to observe me, but he really meant to pursue me. He couldn’t have settled for just being in the same town as I was? 
Eryx dropped his head back and sighed in relief when the final bell rang. He hurried out of the room without waiting for David.
I started getting my stuff together, throwing it in my bag. David walked over to me and squatted, placing his chin over his crossed arms on the desktop.
“I’m coming with you to the doctor,” he informed rather than asked me. “I promise I won’t behave.” He pulled the semi-wilted rose he had given me that morning out of my bag and set it on the desk.
His greater attributes were chivalry, cunning, wit, and humor. He killed me with all of them. I turned various shades of red when I realized the way I was looking at him. I closed my mouth and looked away from his gaze.
“I’m meeting my mom there,” I told him. “I don’t need an entire audience present.”
“Parents…” he said, wrinkling his nose. He helped me with my bag, and we walked together to the parking lot.
Midway through the parking area, Galen walked toward us and said something to David in Latin. David’s face darkened as we approached the group.
“What’s wrong?” I asked, but he remained silent.
We joined the rest of our entourage, and then I realized why Galen had stepped out from the circle to speak to David. 
My eyes widened when I saw Gabriel standing next to Bill. He looked different—pale and bone-thin. His eyes were bloodshot and there were dark circles under them; his clothes were loose and wrinkled; his hair uncut and untamed. I was afraid he’d collapse at any moment. A sudden flurry of nerves ran through my arms and landed in my chest. I hadn’t spoken to him in months and remaining friends wasn’t in my plans. I’d have never gotten over him if we had stayed in touch.
 The air was thick with tension when we joined them. Andy looked worried; so did Bill. David’s face hardened even more when he saw Gabriel’s arm on Bill’s shoulder. Galen and Eryx looked as if they were ready to spring into action at any moment.
“Hey, baby.” Gabriel took a step toward me. 
David pulled me back. I removed my hand from his on impulse.
“Hey,” I said dryly. I felt tears stinging in the back of my eyes, and my head was filled with sudden rage. I was mad as hell to have this idiot in front of me. He had the insolence to end our relationship by typing it out rather than speaking.
“David, can you drive me today?” My voice broke.
“Of course.” 
“Wait, Isis,” Gabriel said. “Can we talk?”
“No.” I turned on my heel and headed to David’s car.
Gabriel hurried after me. I faced him with anger in my eyes. Behind Gabriel, I saw Eryx and Bill talking to David while Galen held him back.
“Get in the car,” Andy mouthed to me from the sidelines of the conversation that the Chios brothers and Bill were having.
“I don’t have anything to say to you.” I wanted to tear his heart out. I wanted him to feel the same pain I had felt the day he broke up with me.
“Isis, I just want to say… I’m sorry. I’m sorry. Look, I didn’t know what I was doing. I miss you, and I want you back. We can work this out. Long distance relationships happen all the time.” Gabriel reached for my face, but I moved away from him.
“You hurt me,” I said. “You could’ve called me to breakup, you know? I didn’t know you were such a coward.” With that, I turned and started walking again.
“Isis… Isis!” Gabriel called after me. I didn’t turn around. I walked to the car door and glanced at David, but Gabriel blocked me before I could signal for David to unlock the doors with the remote.
“Listen to me, babe. I’m sorry from the bottom of my heart. I’ll make it up to you. I’m in town for a week and a half for spring break. I’ll do anything it takes for you to take me back.”
“Too late. I don’t want anything to do with you. I’m late for something; I gotta go.” I waved to David, letting him know I was ready to leave.
“Is he the reason you’re being like this with me?” Gabriel asked. 
I gave him a scornful look and hissed, waiting for David to arrive at the car.
David reached for the door handle and had opened the door a fraction of the way when Gabriel shoved it closed.
“I’m not done talking to her,” Gabriel said.
“But she doesn’t want to talk to you.” David opened the car door again. I climbed in, and David shut the door. 
“What the hell is your problem, man?” Gabriel shoved David’s shoulder.
David’s hands curled into fists at his sides. Eryx and Galen rushed to the car and stood by David.
“Take it easy,” Bill said, stepping between the Chios brothers and Gabriel. “It’s three against one, Gabe. Don’t be a dumb ass, man.”
I tried to open the car door, but the child lock was on. I jumped over to the driver’s side and stepped out. With swift and angry steps, I walked to the other side of the car.
“Hey!” I said. “Leave, Gabriel. We’re done.”
“Get back in the car, Isis,” David said.
“No.”
Bill and Andy pulled Gabriel away from David’s car to try to calm him down. Gabriel jerked his arms from their hands and climbed into his own car. The tires screeched as he raced out of the parking lot. A gust of gray smoke and the smell of burnt rubber wafted over us.
Gabriel was so immature. I was embarrassed that he had been my boyfriend after witnessing that behavior.
What struck me as strange was that Gabriel wasn’t the violent type, but today, he was ready to throw the first punch. The guy in that parking lot was nothing like the Gabriel I knew. Something just wasn’t right about him. 
David’s brothers insisted that he drive the Land Rover home, while they drove the Maserati since Gabriel knew that the car belonged to David and might be looking to start a fight somewhere else. 
“That was so unlike Gabriel,” Andy said to me. “Did you see how bad he looked?”
“Yeah.” 
“Listen to your brothers and steer clear of that guy. This town is too small. It’ll be a miracle if you don’t bump into him on the way home,” Bill told David.
“You’re making this into a big deal,” I said. “He’s gone. There’s no point in switching cars to hide from him.”
“Isis,” Bill said, “he was talking a lot of crap before you got here. It was crazy talk, like he was high and mighty… saying he would beat the living crap out of anyone who touched you… saying you were his and that he didn’t give a flying this or that about who he’d be up against. His hands were shaky; his eyes blood shot. I’d swear he was high or something. That wasn’t the guy I knew three months ago.”
“Bill is right to be concerned,” Eryx agreed. “We don’t want any problems.”
“I’ll ride with Bill,” I said, glancing at the time on my phone. “I really have to get going.”
“No,” David said. “I’ll drive you.”
“David, be reasonable.” Eryx argued. “He’ll be persistent with her. You should avoid any further confrontations for now.”
David stared at his brother for a moment, as if assessing his words.
“We need to talk,” David said to me. 
 “We’ll be in the car, whenever you’re ready,” Andy said, bowing out of the conversation. 
Galen spoke first.
“The reason we’re taking these measures is because we have to abide by the laws; we’re not allowed to physically harm any mortal, something that’s hard to avoid in a state of anger. We’d be prohibited from entering this world for many centuries. And that’s not something I’m willing to risk.”
“Oh,” I said, remembering when David had told me about their laws. “But I doubt he’ll come looking for David. I’ll put a stop to this.”
“You’re overconfident,” Galen said. “That toddler just had a severe tantrum. Do you really think he’ll just give up?”
This was the reason why I was keeping myself from falling for David. I was afraid the day would come when he’d disappear from my life forever. I was afraid of being hurt. I wouldn’t be able to bear it.
Without saying more, the twins slid into the Maserati and revved the engine while waiting for David to start the Land Rover. David ignored the signal and walked me to Bill’s car.
“Don’t call him,” David urged me. “Don’t deal with him at all.” 
As I climbed into the back seat, my phone rang. Claire. I was late.
On the way to Dr. Jameson’s office, Andy repeated what Gabriel said in full—colorful language and all. We all agreed that Gabriel had undergone a complete change.
***
The doctor’s appointment went well. Dr. Jameson gave me the all clear, but told me I was more than welcome to continue with sessions once a month if I felt it necessary. I told the doctor I didn’t expect anything to change, and I would only be wasting his time.
Dr. Jameson brought Claire into the consult room and explained that I was being released from his care. Claire let out a sigh of relief and hugged me. Her eyes sparkled, holding back tears.
***
An hour past sundown, I heard the doorbell ring. Claire called me downstairs. She pointed to the front door and disappeared into the laundry room. 
I found Gabriel pacing outside beneath the porch light. His pale skin looked gray even in the yellow glow of the bulb.
“Can we talk?” He rubbed his face. The red blood vessels in his eyes made him look sinister.
“What about?” 
“Isis, I messed up. I’m sorry. I want you back.” He touched my face with a trembling hand. I took a step back. 
“That’s just not going to happen. Do me a favor and don’t come looking for me again, okay?” I went back into the house and shut the door. I waited there, listening for him to head back down the porch stairs. I could hear him pacing back and forth. He knocked on the door again and again.
I looked back at Claire leaning on the kitchen doorway. 
“Don’t look at me,” she said. “That’s your problem.”
I opened the door and stepped out onto the porch.
“What?”
“I know you’re mad at me. I know you don’t want me anymore, but give me a chance to win you back,” Gabe said, fidgeting as he spoke. “I can make it better, babe. I know can.”
I watched as he rubbed his hands together. His shoulder twitched every so often. It was like he couldn’t keep still. Although worry for him pawed at my chest, I wasn’t going to give him an opportunity to hurt me a second time.
“We’re done,” I said. “It’s over.”
“Isis, you can’t mean that. Baby, where there was fire, ashes will remain.” His brown eyes turned glossy. 
“There’s nothing left. I’m over you. Don’t make this harder for either of us.”
“You’re lying.” He rubbed his eye with the heel of his hand. “Look, I know you, Isis. I know you still care about me.”
Maybe he was right. He had been my friend before he had been my boyfriend. That had to count for something.
I took in the dark circles under his eyes and his loose fitting clothes. Was he sick? I turned my face away, trying to hide the concern I felt for him.
All of a sudden, Gabriel grabbed my waist and roughly pushed his lips on mine. I struggled to get loose, but he was stronger than I was. I reached up, grabbed him by the ear, and dug my nails in.
“Dammit, Isis!” He let me go.
“Leave!” I stomped into the house and slammed the door.
“Isis… Open the door. I know you’re still there.”
I didn’t answer. I could hear him mumbling to himself. He knocked on the door a few times, and then rang the doorbell.
He stayed on the porch for several minutes, pacing. At last, I heard him walk away. When a couple of minutes had passed, I peeked through the window blinds, making sure his car was gone. I was blazing with rage.
Claire was at the top of the stairs waiting for me.
“You don’t look too happy,” she said.
“He’s a moron.”
“What happened?”
“He’s a moron.”
“I got that part the first time.”
I started to cry.
“Oh no, honey. Don’t. Not again. He’s not worthy of your tears.” Claire hugged me hard.
“I’m just mad, Mom. Why did he come back? I was doing fine without him. He’s different. I hate to admit it, but I’m worried about him. He looks… sick. And he kissed me, and I scratched the crap out of his ear, and he showed up at school, too. He won’t take no for an answer. What should I do?”
I couldn’t hold in my feelings anymore. I needed her as both a friend and as my mother.
“How do you feel about Gabriel?” Claire asked.
I shrugged. “I don’t know. I hate him and… and I want to know why he’s so changed now.”
“Ah, you’re confused.”
She was right. I hated this feeling. I hated knowing I still cared for Gabriel—even if it was just a little—and I hated him for hurting me. I disliked the person he had become, and that made it hard for me to understand why I felt worried for him.
My mind was made up, though. It was over between us.
“Do you think he’ll stay away?” 
“Seriously doubt it,” Claire said. “But we’ll call the dog pound if he comes back.” 
***
After dinner, I climbed into bed and pulled the covers over my chest. I had trouble settling into a comfortable position. The last few hours had been overwhelming. I needed to go somewhere calm in my mind.
I wrestled with my weariness, afraid I might drift to the poppy field—a place that was off limits to me now. As I fought the urge to go to Somnium, I fell into a deep sleep.
In my dream, I took myself to the beach where David and I had been the day he materialized in this world. I walked along the shore feeling the wet sand under my soles. The waves swayed in a steady motion against the horizon.
“This is different,” I heard a voice behind me.
I recognized David’s scent at once. He was standing several feet from me, his golden body glorious, his wings extended.
“Hi,” I said.
“Hello, my lovely.” 
David took my hand and sat me beside him on the sand. I slipped my hand away from his soft grip and placed it on my lap. He protested, but I pretended not to hear him.
“I’m sorry if I’m trespassing.” Had I somehow crossed over into Somnium?
“You haven’t broken any rules,” David said. “I’ve come to you tonight.”
“You can do that?”
“Of course. I’ve come to show you something.”
“What?” 
“Look.” He pointed to the sunset. The scarlet and lavender sky turned dark, and before long, we were sitting on nothing and surrounded by nothing. I searched for David’s arm in the emptiness.
An image of a young woman appeared in the sky.
“Hello, my precious baby… hello, my little princess,” she whispered. I recognized the voice and the face. It was a young Claire. I gasped and held my hand over my mouth.
“Do you recognize this young lady?” David asked.
“It’s my mom. She’s beautiful!”
“Like you,” he said and pointed to the sky. “This is what you dreamed of as a child.”
The images continued to play like a widescreen movie. I heard a baby’s cry while Claire’s soothing voice sang a lullaby. My dad’s image blew kisses in my direction. There were pictures of bright toys and trinkets that came and went. Dad’s green eyes were glassy and tired as he made silly faces. I saw my grandmother, Eva, holding her arms out and smiling.
Then the faces in the images matured. There was an image of my first bicycle, and then my father’s smiling face as his voice explained how to ride it:
“Keep your balance, angel. That’s it… you’ve got it!” his voice said, followed by a child’s unfiltered laughter—it was mine.
The scene that followed gave the impression of flying through clouds surrounded by flying monkeys. It was a scene from the Wizard of Oz. I was terrified of the flying monkeys as a kid, but now the monkeys weren’t scary at all. 
The images ended in darkness and with my father’s voice saying, “Daddy loves you, angel.”
The sky turned crimson again. I wiped the tears from my face and tried to control my ragged breathing.
“I’ve made you unhappy,” David said.
“No. I’m very, very happy.” I sniffled and laughed as he helped wipe the tears from my eyes.
“My dad… I miss him so much. I’ve wanted to see him for a long time. I never got a chance to let out all my pain.”
“I’m so sorry. If I knew it’d make you react this way, I wouldn’t have shown you.” 
“Don’t apologize. You’ve given me back memories of my dad I had forgotten. Thank you—really.”
“I don’t like seeing you cry.” David wiped the remainder of the tears from my face.
We stared at the waves dancing to and from the shore. His eyes wandered toward me. I asked myself what could be holding his interest so long as he gazed at me that way. 
A turquoise butterfly fluttered in front of us. David held out one hand as if calling to it. The butterfly landed on his index finger, and he held it out for me to see.
“Beautiful,” I whispered.
“It’s time to go.” 
“Already?” 
“I’ll meet you in reality, my lovely.”
He disappeared, leaving only a trace of golden glimmer in the blackness.



I woke with a smile on my face. I jumped to my feet and headed for the bathroom. I curled the ends of my long hair with the flat iron and pulled my favorite black shirt over my head. After my black eyeliner and mascara were in place, I still had time to scribble in my journal.
***
March 9, 7:01 A.M.
With every passing day, its complaints and shouts grow louder; my heart tries to convince me to give in. But I know that what I feel can be nothing more than a silent infatuation.
***
“Have some breakfast before you leave,” Claire said, pouring herself a cup of coffee. “I’m running late today. Hope the boss doesn’t mind.”
I hadn’t heard her mention The Judge in a while.
“How’s that coming along?” I asked.
“Nicely. See ya this afternoon.”
Claire was at the door on her way out when the doorbell rang.
“Well, good morning!” She turned back to wink at me and motioned me over.
“Good morning, Mrs. Martin,” David said. 
I jumped to my feet and went to the door where David stood wearing a light blue, collared shirt and dark jeans. The blue tone complimented his raven black hair and already brilliant blue eyes. David Gandy had nothing on him.
“See you later kids. Have a good day.” Claire kissed my cheek as she left.
“A good day to you, as well,” David said.
I stepped onto the porch and closed the door behind me.
“Good morning.” I said, feeling a sudden queasiness.
“It really is.”
He held out a small white box wound with a delicate gold organza ribbon.
“You shouldn’t be buying me gifts.”
“I didn’t buy it. Open it?”
I took an end of the ribbon, and the bow came undone with one light tug. I opened the lid. 
In the interior of the box, lay the turquoise butterfly from my dream. It stood swaying its velvet wings. A square piece of parchment paper with my name rested beneath it. The butterfly fluttered away into the morning breeze, disappearing into the shrubs. I took the paper from the box, and glanced at David as I unfolded it. The note read:
***
My heart’s beat thy sight stole,
Taking mine unruly soul.
My pulse at rates of abrupt speed;
I proclaimed love before my creed.
Blooming flowers hold no compare
To thy blissful beauty, oh so rare.
Give me agony or give me death,
I’ll take thy heart as eternal breath.
Ceaselessly Yours,
David Chios
***
 I raised my head to look at him.
“Ceaselessly yours,” he repeated.
“Thank you… It’s incredible.” 
“That earned me Brownie points the last time. May I drive you to school again?”
“Yes, you may.”
Today David drove his own car. I slid into the passenger side, and he closed the door for me. My cheeks were starting to hurt from the huge smile on my face.
“Has Gabriel attempted to contact you?” David asked.
“Yeah,” I said. So much for the happy morning I was having. “He came by last night. I closed the door on him… twice.”
“Galen was right about him. He’s determined.”
“I made it clear that I didn’t want to see him anymore.” 
“I’m not convinced that will stop him. Galen sensed a high toxicity level in Gabriel. You should try to avoid him at all cost.”
“Toxicity? Like drugs?” Gabriel wasn’t stupid enough to fall into drugs. 
“We’re not sure. Galen is the more empathic of the twins, but not as sensitive as my mother. All he perceived was a high dosage of some sort of toxin in his blood. Galen couldn’t assess the nature of it. It might be medicinal as opposed to recreational drug use, for all we know.”
“Is that why your brothers were so uneasy yesterday?”
“Yes. Under the effects of such a high dose of medication or narcotics, a person can behave irrationally… or belligerently. That’s why Galen approached me yesterday before we joined the group.”
“He was warning you.” 
David nodded.
“Isis,” David said, “please, be careful.”
“I will.”
***
Our group was at the cafeteria table when we arrived at school. I could tell from the way Andy looked at me that she had something to tell me.
“Morning, David,” she said as she took me by the arm and pulled me aside.
“You’re not going to believe this. Bill and I bumped into Gabriel last night at the gas station. He was drunk, paranoid, and all jittery. He kept rambling on about you. He tried to convince Bill to get you to talk to him. He said he had gone to your house and you had brushed him off. Is that true?”
“Yeah, it is. Go on…”
“Well, he creeps me out. He said that his friends were waiting for him in the car and that he had to go.”
“What’s so creepy about that?”
“There was no one in his car.”
“What?” 
“Weird, right? But there’s more… before Gabriel left, Bill told me to wait for him in the car—he got worried. So, I go to the car and five minutes later, Bill is all nervous, and he wanted me to call you. So, I did, but I kept getting your voice mail. It was too late to call your house phone. I didn’t want to wake your mom or get you in trouble.”
I took my cell phone out of my book bag. “It’s dead. I forgot to charge it. Sorry.”
“Yeah, I figured. I tried calling you at your house phone this morning, too. There was no answer. I guessed you’d already left.” She pressed her lips tight. “That’s not all.”
“Well, get to the point already.”
Andy glanced at Bill and back at me. “He told Bill he was packing.”
“Oh, thank God! He’ll leave me alone now that he’s going back to Florida.” 
“No, stupid. He’s packing a gun.”
The blood in my head sank down to my feet. What the hell was Gabriel thinking? Where did he get a gun? And what did he want it for? My head was spinning.
“No. I don’t believe it. He’s not the type. No, no, no, Andy. I think Bill misunderstood.”
“He didn’t, Isis. Gabriel showed it to him.” She paused to glance at Bill who had been watching us the whole time. “You gotta tell your guy.” 
“He’s not my guy. But you’re right.” I sat down. “Do you think Gabriel will show up here, looking for me again?”
“Girl, I don’t know, but you have to be careful. Gabriel sounds like his brain is fried. I think Bill’s right about him being on drugs.”
“I just can’t believe that, Andy. He looked down on people that were into that stuff. Remember?”
“Well, I don’t know what Gabriel is into, but I do know you need tell David about the gun and now. He needs to know.” 
“Okay,” I said.
I was nervous. Andy pulled me up out of the chair and motioned for Bill to join her. But instead of going to David, I went to the one person that could give me insight on what was happening to Gabriel.
“Hey, Galen, I need to speak to you.” My voice sounded shaky.
“About?” Galen asked.
“What is it that you saw or scanned or whatever it is you call it, in Gabriel?” 
“Didn’t you discuss this with David?”
“We did, but I need more details,” I said. “I need to know everything you sensed in him.”
“You’re shaking.” David stared at my hands.
“Why are you so upset?” Galen asked.
“There’s something very wrong with Gabriel. I’m worried he’ll get himself into trouble.”
“Most likely, he will,” Galen said. “I sensed extreme levels of exposure to either a very strong prescription medication or a mixture of narcotics mixed with alcohol. I can’t tell you how long or how much was in his system, but I’d assume it was recent and high inebriation. Other than that, I couldn’t sense more than his physical tension as you and David approached, but I’m sure all of us felt that.”
“I just can’t believe it,” I said.
“Now, what are you not telling us?” Galen asked.
“He has a… a gun.”
Galen laughed.
“I don’t see how that’s amusing,” David said.
“Why fret over the little things? You know that boy is no match for us. What’s he going to do with his toy—play cowboys and Indians?”
 “What if he tries to use the weapon and discovers we’re immortal? What then?”
“Pish posh. I’m a warrior. He’s a pubescent junkie. Enough said.”
“Exactly. His actions are impulsive. We have no idea what he might be planning. What if he decides to confront me in public?”
“Play dead. It works miracles for possums.” 
“You’re such an imbecile,” David said in a loud voice. The kids at the next table stopped their chatter to stare.
“I’m not the one that decided to get involved with her.” Galen jerked his chin in my direction. “If anyone is an imbecile present, it’s you. Fix your own damned problem.”
 David and I glanced at each other as Galen walked away.
“You would’ve had him on your side,” Eryx said. He was standing behind us. “You know how he hates being called that.”
“How much did you hear?” David asked.
“Cowboys and Indians.” 
“That pretty much sums it up,” I said, resting my forehead on my hand over the table. “I guess you guys are going back to… wherever.”
“No,” David said.
“Do you have a better idea?” Eryx asked.
“All we have to do is evade him until he’s gone.” 
“Easier said than done.” Eryx sat next to me. “Isis, do you think he’ll keep harassing you?” 
“From what Andy told me, yes. He even asked Bill to convince me to speak to him.”
“You know what you have to do,” Eryx told David.
“I won’t leave her alone while that boy is in town. He poses more threat to her than he does to me. It’s out of the question.”
“If that’s your final decision, fine. But you’ll have to count me out of your plans.”
“Why?” David looked surprised. 
“You haven’t thought this through. The only reason she’s in any danger at all is because of you. You’re the one that ignited the fury in that boy, not her.”
David was quiet for a few moments. 
“I’ll find a way to settle this.”
“There’s no settling it,” I said. “He’ll be gone in a week and a half, then things can go back to normal.”
“A lot can happen in that amount of time, Isis. I’d advise you not only keep your distance from Gabriel, but from him, as well.” Eryx nodded in David’s direction. “Think about it, brother. You’re taking a risk by staying.”
“And I understand that, Eryx. I just… I can’t leave her.”
“We can continue this conversation later, with mother. She’ll be interested to hear of this. Good day, Isis.” Eryx walked off disappearing in the masses of backpacks and gelled hair in the hallway.
The first bell had rung. I grabbed my bag and headed to class, David by my side.
“I won’t leave, no matter what my mother says,” David said as we squeezed through the crowded hall. “For the time being, it’s not a good idea that I drive you to and from school. But if he comes near you—”
“I can take care of myself. Gabriel would never do anything to me. He was my friend before he was my boyfriend. He’s a good person. He’s just fallen into a deep hole he can’t get himself out of.”
“Are you sympathizing with him?”
“Yes,” I admitted. “I might be mad at the idiot, but I’m not heartless.”
“Wait.” David stopped me in the middle of the hallway.
“What are you doing? We’re going to be late.”
“I don’t care. I have to ask you something.” 
“You might not care, but I can’t afford another tardy.”
“Do you still love him?”
“We can discuss this later.”
“Yes or no?”
“I can’t answer that right now.”
“That tells me enough.” His lips tightened.
“You’re misinterpreting. I didn’t say ‘yes’.”
The truth was I didn’t know what I was feeling. I felt sorry for Gabriel. But did I love him? 
The final bell rang just as we walked into class. Andy was scanning the doorway for us.
“How’d it go?” she asked. 
“She’ll be going home with you this afternoon,” David said, a step behind me. “Gabriel will be calmer if I’m not around Isis. I don’t want to risk her getting hurt on my count.”
“I told you he’s not like that. He won’t hurt me.” I dropped my book bag next to my desk and let myself fall on the chair.
“That was before,” Andy said. “We don’t know what he’s capable of now. He had that thing on him yesterday when he was picking the fight with David, Isis. What if he had used it then? Gabriel used to break up fights, not start them.”
***
Neither Galen nor Eryx were at our table during lunch. David joined the lunch line to buy our salads. I sat with Andy and Bill. I watched with disgust as Jean cut in line behind David.
“Looks like someone’s got a fan,” Andy said.
“I’d say it looks more like someone’s jealous,” Bill sniggered as he looked at me.
“Shut up,” I said. “He wishes.”
“And you’re bad at hiding it,” Bill added.
Andy laughed and nodded. “You are.”
“‘Et tú, Brute?’” I looked at Andy.
“Hey, I call ‘em like I see ‘em, girlfriend. You really should just give in.”
“I’m not ready for that, yet. Not after…”
 “Don’t tell me you’re thinking about going back to Gabriel?”
“No.”
David was a couple of tables away carrying a salad in each hand, Jean prancing by his side.
“Moving along…” I prompted Andy to change the subject.
Galen and Eryx arrived at the table at the same time as David and Jean. At the sight of the twins, Jean turned around and walked over to join her friends.
David handed me a salad and a bottle of water.
“What’s the topic of the hour?” Galen stood at the head of the table with his arms crossed. 
“David is,” Bill said.
“Seems he’s a popular subject these days.” Galen gave me a meaningful look, and then he turned his attention to Principal Miller as she walked by and winked at her. Eryx shook his head at him.
“What about me?” David asked.
“Nothing,” I said. “Bill’s being a nuisance.”
“Don’t lie. Just tell him how jealous you are of Jean,” Bill said.
Andy, eyes wide, slapped Bill on the arm. My mouth dropped open. 
“Thank you for that piece of information,” David smiled. “I’ll take it as a compliment.”
I put my hand on my forehead, hoping they wouldn’t see me blush. I contemplated ways to kill Bill on the ride home this afternoon.
“On another note,” Andy told Bill, “Isis is riding home with us today.”
“Because of Gabe?” Bill asked.
“Pretty much.”
“Speak of the devil,” Bill said, looking at his phone. “Should I answer?” 
“I don’t want to talk to him,” I said.
“He’ll just keep calling you if you don’t answer,” Andy said to Bill.
Bill held the phone up to his ear. “Hey, Gabe. What’s up? No, she’s not around. Andy and her went… er… somewhere together.” I could hear Gabriel’s voice on the other end of the line, but couldn’t make out the words. “Yeah, I’ll tell her you want her to give you a call, man. Okay, Gabriel. Yeah, okay… I have to go. I’ll talk to you later.” 
“What was that about? All I heard was babbling on the other end,” Andy said.
“He was slurring.” Bill looked at the table with unease. “He was rambling on about you again, Isis. He’s my friend and all, but maybe you should look into getting a restraining order.”
“I stepped out of class and called the police department earlier.” David pushed his salad plate away. “They said that restraining orders vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. In order to obtain one, you must have been threatened or provide proof that the person you’re placing under restraint has caused material, property or physical damage. Gabriel hasn’t done any of those to Isis.”
“That’s ridiculous,” Galen said. “He’s carrying a weapon that’s probably not under his name nor does he have a permit for; that should be enough for the authorities to see the impeding danger.”
“You’re right,” David said. “But laws are laws.”
“I think we should go to the police in person,” Andy said.
“That decision is up to Isis to make, not us,” Eryx said. “She’s the one being harassed.”
“No.” I looked at everyone at the table. “I can’t do that to him. He’ll have a record. He’s just started college.”
“And your safety?” David asked. “We don’t know if he intends to use that gun.”
“Think about it,” Eryx said. 
Fourth period was stressful. The back of my neck ached with tension as I thought about the problem with Gabriel. I couldn’t deny that he was under the influence of some sort of drug or drugs. It scared me. 
Maybe I had made him out to be this grand person when I was with him, when in fact he wasn’t that much different then. He wasn’t a bad guy. I had just given him more credit than was due.
I knew I had changed, too—not now, but at some point after he left. That’s why I saw him for what he really was.
“Isis Martin.” Mrs. Vincent, the teacher, was calling on me.
“Yes?” My heart rate accelerated. I must’ve missed something.
“The counselor needs to see you.” Mrs. Vincent looked at me through her bifocals. “You’re excused from the last fifteen minutes of class.”
“Thank you,” I said, standing up and clutching my bag.
I glanced at David as I left the class.
***
The counselor reviewed my applications for universities with me in a brief ten minutes time. She suggested I take some entrance exams that would be offered in the next couple of months. I was thankful she called me in. Otherwise, I might have put off seeing her until the end of the school year, which might have been too late.
“By the way,” Ms. Albright said, walking me out of the office door. “Your boyfriend was here earlier. He was asked to leave. You should remind him that this is a closed campus. We don’t want you getting on Principal Miller’s bad side two months before prom.”
“I don’t have a boyfriend.” 
“You’re not dating the Betancourt boy anymore?”
I shook my head.
“Good for you. He looks a mess. Don’t you follow that example, missy.” 
“No, ma’am.”
The tension flared like fire on the back of my neck.
 
 David was waiting for me by the car door when I arrived in the parking lot to ride home with Bill and Andy. I skipped telling them that Gabriel had been back. 
“I’m sorry I won’t be able to drive you.” 
“It’s no big deal,” I said. 
“I’ll see you tomorrow?”
I nodded.
He kissed me on my cheeks, opened the door, and turned to wave to Andy and Bill. He then headed toward his car where Eryx waited, leaning against the passenger side door.
When I saw the Maserati’s taillights turn the curve, I leaned back in the seat. I didn’t realize I had been holding my breath. 
Before I ran upstairs to plug my phone into its charger, I stopped at the fridge to see if there was anything good to munch on while I worked on a two-page report for government and economics due on Friday. I figured I might as well get it out of the way while I had nothing else to work on.
The fridge was half empty. I took a sliced apple and the jar of peanut butter to my room. I finished my paper in about forty-five minutes. It was an overview of the last month’s work—no references needed. Piece of cake.
The bell chime sound coming from my phone indicated I had an incoming text message. I took the phone from its charger on my nightstand and scrolled through sixteen missed calls, eight voice mails and twenty-something texts, all from Gabriel. They all said the same thing. He wanted me to call him to talk about “us”. The last text I received said he’d be dropping by later if it was okay with me.
“NO!” I replied.
My phone rang right after I pressed send. I let it go to voicemail. He called back again… and again… until it got on my nerves, so I answered it. 
“What?”
“Doll, why you givin’ me the cold shoulder?” His voice was slurred, just as Bill had said. “I just wanna talk.”
“Are you drunk?” I asked.
“Drunk? No, no. I don’t… I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Are you on something, Gabriel?” He sounded awful.
“No, of course not. Hey, let me tell you about these new friends of mine… Isis, they say things to me that make total sense. Things about you and me. Things about the world. I think you should meet them. They’re so cool. They want us to be together, and I know how to do that now.”
“Gabriel, you’re not well. Tell me where you are, and I’ll call your parents to come get you, okay?”
“Nope. Nope. I’m perfect, baby. Per⎯fect. Thank you for caring about me so much. I know you love me. I love you, too.”
“Gabriel, tell me where you are.” 
“My friends are here, so I have to go now. Can you hear them? They’re so loud and crazy. Oh, they say ‘hi’. They’ve been watching you for me. Anyway, I’ll call you later, babe.”
I sat with the phone in my hand, staring at it. I hadn’t heard anyone in the background as Gabriel spoke. Now I understood why Bill wanted me to issue a restraining order against him. Gabriel sounded insane.
I sat on my bed, still staring at the phone. I wondered if I should call him back. I had to fix this somehow. I had to help Gabriel. I had known him all my life. Should I call his parents? I was sure they had to have noticed there was something wrong with their son. Why weren’t they doing anything about it?
The sound of the door slamming signaled that Claire was home. I wanted to tell her about Gabriel, but then she might have the same opinion as everyone else and tell me to call the police. She worked for a judge, so I was sure they’d find some way to prosecute him—I didn’t want that. I decided that unless I wanted to see Gabe behind bars I should keep this issue to myself. 
Claire stood at the door to my room. “Hey, kiddo.” 
“Hey, Mom. How’s your head?”
“A lot better.” 
“What’s wrong?”
“Nothing. Just tired from work.” She sighed. “It was a long day.”
“You want me to fix dinner tonight?” I offered, jumping off my bed.
“I’d appreciate it.” 
“Are you sure you’re okay?” 
“I’m going to go take a long bath. I really need it. You can hold off on dinner for a while. I’m not that hungry.”
Something was bothering Claire. She only took long baths or showers when she was worried, depressed, or thinking hard about something. 
Claire was quiet during dinner. She didn’t cross-examine me about my day. It felt strange to sit and eat without talking. It was common for my mom to share some funny thing that happened at the office or how irritating it was to deal with difficult people. 
***
At a few minutes past eleven o’clock, my phone rang. I wasn’t asleep yet, but a bout of nerves ran through me, thinking it might be Gabriel talking nonsense again. Relieved to see David’s name on the caller I.D., I answered.
“Hi,” I whispered. Claire was already asleep.
“Did I wake you?”
“No.”
“Can you open your window?”
“Okay…” 
David was sitting on the porch rooftop right outside my window holding a guitar. His fingers were positioned on the strings and he began to strum.
“What are you doing?” 
“Shh…” He hushed me as he started to sing:
“Amore, sei il mio amore,
Amore, il mio amore sei tuo…”
The notes were precise and his voice was angelic. I didn’t know Italian so I had no idea what he was saying, but it was romantic. I had never been serenaded and none of my friends had been either—that I knew of. I was starry eyed and wrapped up in the moment.
When the song ended, I heard soft clapping behind me. Claire was standing at the door with tears in her eyes and a big smile on her face. She was a hopeless romantic, too.
“If you feel the same way, you have to turn the light on in response,” she said and closed the door to leave us alone.
It didn’t take me long to decide what to do. Through the dark, I made my way to the wall and flipped the light switch on. Then I sat on the windowsill, a look of delight on my face.
“Thank you. That was the most…” I was at a loss for words.
“You’re welcome.” The shadow of his lashes fell over David’s cheekbones. His dark hair glistened in a blue-silver hue with the moonlight above.
“How did you get up here?” I asked.
“How do you think?”
“I don’t know.”
 A light shimmer in the shadow of two silhouettes of wings spanned a small distance from his body. “I keep them discrete.”
“Invisible, you mean.”
“Right,” he said. “I need to go. I only came to say good night.”
He balanced my chin on his fingertips and leaned forward. He brushed his lips gently against mine. One arm rested on my back while the other held my face to his. He deepened the kiss and in it, I could feel the hunger he had mentioned before. I could’ve stayed this way—in his arms, devouring each other’s lips—forever.
But this wasn’t right. His laws forbade it. Breathing heavily, I pushed him away. David stared at me and kept silent for a moment. 
“Good night,” he said, at last.
“Good night.”
I blinked and he was gone. I pulled down on the window trying to shut it but it was stuck. I pushed down with all my strength and it slammed shut. A bit harder and I might have shattered it. Claire knocked on my door a minute after the loud crash. 
“I’m okay,” I said as I let her in. “I had trouble with the window.”
“That was romantic.” She hugged me, and then walked to the window and flipped the locks closed. “I’ve never been serenaded. You’re a lucky girl.” She pulled the curtains and sat on my bed. She gave me a look that made me uncomfortable.
“You know, honey, you’re almost eighteen years old, and I don’t have to remind you of the responsibilities that are associated with young adulthood.”
I threw a pillow over my head. “Not the ‘talk’ again, Mom!”
“It’s not a sex talk, Isis. It’s a reality-knocking-on-the-door talk. You know you have to be careful, right? You’d tell me if something… if you would need certain… things, before you did anything, wouldn’t you?”
“Mom,” I whined. “This is embarrassing. I’m not asking you for birth control because I don’t have the need for it. Please go back to bed. I’m begging you. I really don’t want to have this conversation.”
Claire laughed. “Fine. Just keep it in mind.”
***
It was early the following morning when Andy texted me to ask if I wanted a ride. The forecast for the day was cloudy and cool thanks to the northern winds, which had blown in sometime in the wee hours of the morning. I decided to enjoy the weather before it was over and told Andy I’d walk.
The playlist on my iPod was at the highest deafening volume possible. I enjoyed my favorite tunes as I walked and put Gabriel, Claire, and David in that hiding place in the back of my mind where I would store them until I felt the need to worry about them again.
The breeze got colder as I walked past a small, family owned store several blocks north of the gasoline station. I loved cold fronts when they were just setting in. The air was just cold enough to give you a chill, but not so cold as to give you frostbite. Of course, being in south Texas, frostbite was an exaggeration.
At the entrance to the school, I found David sitting on a red brick bench, waiting for me.
“Morning,” I said, looking away for a second as I wiped the girlish grin from my face. I was remembering last night’s kiss. 
“Good morning.” 
He opened the glass doors for me, then took my hand and asked me to follow him to a semi-empty area across from the glass doors and windows. He gave me a gentle push and my back touched the wall. He leaned close and placed his finger on my lips. His touch sent tiny electrical shocks through every fiber of my body.
“I crave your lips. Give me but one taste and I’ll ask no more.”
I shook my head. Turned away. He turned my face back so that I was looking straight into his eyes. 
“Why do you insist on this?” I asked.
“Why else would I crave your lips if I didn’t already know the sweet nectar that they possess?”
“No,” I said, shutting my eyes to keep from starring into his mesmerizing blue gaze. “It’s forbidden.”
“It’s as forbidden as the illicit fruit of Hades, but even he has eaten from it.”
“Excuse me.” A familiar voice interrupted.
David stepped back from me and turned, staring wide-eyed and with a clenched jaw at the person behind him. I slowly peeled myself off the white hallway wall. Oh no. I could see them hauling Gabriel away in the back of a police car already.
“I need to speak to Isis… alone,” Gabriel said.
“It’s okay,” I said, touching David’s arm. “I’ll be alright.”
David sized up Gabriel and then turned to look at me. Hesitantly, he walked to the glass windows across the way, watching Gabriel’s every move.
“So you’ve got a watch dog now?” 
“What’s on your mind, Gabriel?” 
“You are, doll. I came to see you.”
“What the hell were you on yesterday? You scared me. I was ready to call an ambulance.”
“You love me, don’t you?” 
“No, for your information, I don’t.” 
“Yes, you do.” 
Gabriel grabbed my face with both hands and forced a kiss on me. I gripped his hair and started pulling on it in an attempt to pull him off me. After a minute, he pulled away.
“That hurt.” 
“You’re an ass.” I wiped my mouth.
I glanced in David’s direction. He gave me a spiteful glare and hit the paned glass window. He stalked toward the exit, then heaved the school door shut with such force that the glass cracked.
I pushed Gabriel aside and ran for the door, but the force that David had slammed it with was so great that it wouldn’t open. 
“Dammit!” I hit the door with the palm of my hand. The crack on the glass raced a few inches further down. Just then, David’s car raced by.
Why did he leave without helping me? Didn’t he see that I was trying to pull Gabriel away? Then I realized how⎯from a distance⎯Gabriel’s forced kiss and me with my hands tousled in his hair must’ve looked like to David. 



I turned to glare at Gabriel in disgust. I was enraged that he would do that to me after I was worried about him.
All of a sudden, there was an awful, bitter taste on my lips, like the taste of those sleeping pills I had taken, but worse.
“Are you high?” I stared into Gabriel’s red bloodshot eyes. He turned away from me.
“No.” He rubbed his eyes, and then pulled a bottle of eye drops from his pocket. 
“Forget you… liar.” I looked out the glass doors in hopes of seeing David’s car drive back into the parking lot. No Maserati.
I left Gabriel and walked toward the front office where I was sure he wouldn’t follow.
“Wait!” 
“Leave or I’ll get the office to call the campus police,” I said.
“Isis, c’mon, babe.”
“I’m not kidding.” 
Gabriel gave up and tried to leave through the exit doors, but they were still stuck. He pushed and pulled until one of them opened. I watched him walk to his car and sit there. It looked like he was talking to himself, but it was such a long distance from the entryway that I couldn’t be sure.
From the relative safety of the school office, I tried to call David. He didn’t answer. Of course he wouldn’t answer. I wouldn’t have answered either. He thought I had just made out with my ex-boyfriend right in front of him after he had just expressed what he felt for me. I would have been humiliated and furious.
I dragged my feet on the way to the cafeteria. Everyone was there except David. I sat down next to Andy, my blood boiling.
“Hey, hey. Where’s your Romeo?” Andy asked.
“He left.” 
“You had a fight?”
“Worse. Gabriel showed up…” I told her what had happened in the hallway with Gabriel and how David had raced out of the school.
“I can think of a few adjectives he’s used to describe me by now,” I said. “He probably thinks I’m the most horrible person on the face of the Earth. What should I do?”
“Call him.”
“I did. He won’t answer. I can’t believe Gabriel is such an idiot.” I started to cry out of anger. “I felt sorry for him, too. I was worried about him, especially after last night’s phone call.”
“Did he sound, you know… crazy?” Andy asked.
“Beyond crazy.”
“Where’s David?” Eryx asked from across the table. 
“He left… upset.”
“Lover’s quarrel?”
“Gabriel showed up and kissed me.”
“He’s a jealous fool,” Eryx said. “He’ll be back. I doubt he can stay away for long.”
That eased my mind a little. Eryx knew his brother better than I did. That had to count for something.
***
The teacher’s literature lecture was a long one today. I kept my eyes on the door, hopeful that David would walk in at any moment and knowing that he would be upset. The door never opened.
***
Gabriel had a serious problem. I knew it was best for me to avoid him, but he kept showing up unannounced. I wondered what sort of drugs drove a person to behave this way. The thought of him with a gun gave me nervous shivers. He wouldn’t be dumb enough to bring it on school grounds again, would he?
***
During lunch, Andy tried to make conversation but I wasn’t in the mood to talk.
“Try calling him again,” she said.
“What’s the use? He’s not going to answer.” 
“Ask one of his brothers, then. I’m sure they won’t mind.”
“No. I’ll just try again tonight.”
***
David didn’t show up for his afternoon classes, either. I walked home alone, despite Andy begging me not to. I wanted to clear my mind of everything.
Claire’s car was parked in the driveway when I got home. She was listening to classical music while lying on the couch with cucumber slices over her eyes. That meant only one thing—she had been crying.
“Mom?” I sat beside her on the couch. “What’s wrong?”
 “Nothing, hon. I’m just relaxing for a while.”
“Why are you home from work early? Do you have a date?”
“No. What I have is an eternity’s worth of accumulated vacation time; I decided to take half a day today and the whole day tomorrow.”
I took the cucumber slices off her face. Her eyes were glossy and puffy. A sign she had indeed been crying. 
“Why is it that you always want me to tell you my problems and you never tell me yours? I’m not a pigtailed little girl anymore. I know when there’s something bothering you.”
 “There’s nothing wrong with me. I just need a little anti-stress time away from work.”
“Things going okay with you and The Judge?”
“More than okay. He’s a very nice man.”
“That’s it? He’s just nice?” 
“He’s got some other good traits, I suppose.”
“That doesn’t sound like a promising future. You’re supposed to be giddy about it like you always are.” 
“Well, today I feel tired of being myself. I just want a little quiet.”
“Whoa. Guess that’s my cue. I’ll leave you alone. I’ll cook dinner tonight, so don’t worry about it, okay?”
“Thanks, baby,” she said as I placed the cucumber slices over her eyes.
From my room, I dialed David’s number. The call went straight to voicemail. I wondered if he had blocked my number. Was he that upset? 
I rummaged through my school bag and found the white box with the poem inside. I took the other pieces of paper David had written on and placed them inside the box, too. They were my treasures now… mine to keep forever, even if David never came back. At least I had that to hold on to.
***
While I cooked, I asked myself why things had to be so complicated between us. Why couldn’t David just be human without the pressure of those rules? 
***
“Fettuccini Alfredo, madam.” I placed a plate in front of Claire.
“Yummy.” 
“Salute!” We toasted in Italian with our cans of diet soda.
Claire giggled.
“You know, I heard nominations for Miss Spring are up and running. Why don’t you campaign?”
Claire was talking again. This was good.
“Yeah right,” I said.
“Why not?” 
“I’m not pageant material. Besides, I wouldn’t be caught dead on a hay bale with petroleum jelly all over my teeth, waving to a crowd of people.”
“Oh, c’mon Isis. It’s not even a pageant. You’d make a beautiful Miss Spring.” She paused to take a sip of her drink. “I was Miss Spring, and so was Grandma Eva. It’s a family thing.”
“First of all, it’s called The Miss Spring Pageant, so don’t try to sell me on that one. Secondly, no.”
“You should be more involved in school events. I was. It’s something that you’ll love looking back on when you get old like me.”
“I’m too tied up with dual-enrollment to do anything else. You know how hard I’ve worked to keep my GPA. Not to mention that school is almost over. There’s nothing I can join in now, anyway. Soon I’ll be off to college and out in the real world where beauty pageants and popularity contests aren’t going to pay my bills.”
“How old are you again?”
“I’m old enough to know what you had to go through. I appreciate everything you’ve done for me, and one day, it’ll be my turn to take care of you. I want to be ready for when that day comes. I want you to be proud of me, like I am of you.”
Claire’s eyes reddened. She remained quiet for a long time before she spoke again. “How was your day?” That was a safe zone for her, but not for me.
 “It was really, really boring,” I lied.
Dinner ended with me volunteering to do the dishes. Afterward, I sat at the kitchen table watching the digits on the microwave clock change. I thought about asking Claire for the car so that I could pay an unannounced visit to the Ebony Estate. But it was close to ten o’clock, and I knew she’d say no since it was a school night.
I dialed David’s number while climbing the stairs. Once again, it went to voicemail. Either his phone was turned off, or he was ignoring my calls. I gave up for the night and went to bed.
***
My phone rang at around two in the morning.
“Hello?” I answered.
“Hi,” Gabriel said.
Irritated, I hung up. I turned to my side and the phone rang again.
“What?”
“I need to talk to you.” 
“Forget it.” I hung up again.
Again, my phone rang.
“Ugh!” I turned the phone to vibrate and watched it tremble on the nightstand as the calls kept coming in, one after another.
I don’t think it took me that long to fall back asleep. I was almost to the dream state when Claire shook my arm to awaken me. The cordless phone was in one hand and the other hand on her hip. She was furious.
“It’s Gabriel. I told him you were asleep, but he keeps calling. If I didn’t know him, I’d say he was drunk. Tell him I said this better be the last time he calls at this hour.” 
I glared at the phone in my hand and jumped a little when I heard the door to Claire’s room slam shut.
“Why the hell are you calling my house this late?” 
“Isis, I need to talk to you. I miss you. I don’t want to be without you anymore.” 
“How many times do I have to tell you that I don’t want that? Haven’t I made myself clear enough?”
“You’re just upset that I messed up what we had going. It was a good thing, baby. I… hang on.” I heard him cover the phone speaker as though he was talking to someone in the room with him. His words were indistinct and muffled, but I couldn’t hear anyone answering him.
“I have to go,” he said.
“Who were you talking to?”
“My friends. I have to go. I’ll call you later.”
“N…” Gabriel hung up before I could finish.
I exhaled, grinding my teeth together. I searched for the off switch on the cordless phone and threw it to my feet. Then I remembered the kitchen phone was still on. I tiptoed down the staircase and into the kitchen. I unplugged the phone outlet. I hoped to wake up before Claire in the morning or she would wring my neck for turning off both phones.
***
I didn’t sleep well that night. I was worried that someone would call from the retirement community where Eva lived and not be able to reach us. I checked the cordless phone’s caller ID screen over and over. No calls. Not even from Gabe.
After switching the phones back on, I got ready for school. I wondered if David would be there today, or if he’d show up at my front door this morning after seeing how many times I had called him.
Should I call him again? I thought to myself.
“What the hell,” I said out loud, dialing his number. No answer. My chest felt a sharp pain, the kind that’s associated with rejection. I pushed the pain away and finished fixing myself up.
I spent twenty minutes pacing on my porch, hoping to see the black car drive up my street even though we had agreed that he wouldn’t drive me to school until this Gabriel thing was over. I should’ve sat down because he never showed. The day was humid, breezy, and cloudy. No sunshine glistened on the water droplets left from the previous night’s light showers.
I power-walked to school, afraid of being late for class, all the way thinking that maybe, just maybe he’d be there so I could clear this whole mess up.
I was out of breath when I got there, but I wasn’t late.
The desk behind me was empty. David wasn’t in class. I kept watching the door… waiting. The bell rang, and David never entered the room. I kept my eye on the door for several minutes after the tardy bell rang, but still nothing.
Before second period, I peeked inside his calculus class, but he wasn’t there. I decided to call him one more time before I walked into my own class. This would be the last time I’d call. He probably thought I was a stalker by now. Not that he had been any different with me. I dropped my head in defeat as the line rang several times, and then the voicemail kicked in. I hung up and went to class.
From the edge of the steps that led down to the cafeteria area, I saw that our table was empty except for Andy and Bill.
I thought it odd that none of the three brothers had shown up to school. What if they had all left? I started to panic.
“The twins didn’t show either?” I asked.
“Nope,” Bill answered with his mouth full.
“Bill and Galen have second period together. Galen was absent today,” Andy explained. “And I haven’t seen Eryx either.”
I exhaled.
“I brought an extra sandwich for you.” Andy tossed me a paper bag.
“Thanks, but I’m not hungry.” 
***
That afternoon, I decided that I would ask Claire for the car after school to go to the estate. I had to know if they had left.
Bill was nice enough to drop me off at the county courthouse after school was out. Judge Daniels greeted me with a cup of coffee in his hand.
“Hi, Isis. What brings you by?” 
“Is my mom in?” I asked.
 “Uh… she took the day off.” He looked at me quizzically. 
“That’s right. I forgot.” I walked backwards toward the door, excusing myself.
Where was my mind? I wasn’t thinking clearly. Now I had to walk home in this humid weather. To top it off, it was drizzling. I was going to smell like a wet dog when I got home.
I contemplated the idea of calling Claire to pick me up, but I didn’t want to bother her today. She was in need of some alone time, and I didn’t have a good enough reason—or lie, rather—for going to David’s house just now. I could tell her I was going over to Andy’s house. That wouldn’t invite further questions. I felt sort of guilty for having to lie about where I was going. I had never had to do that before with Claire. But this was different. If she knew what was going on, she’d have a cop car patrolling our neighborhood in a snap of two fingers. I could hear my mom now, going on and on about crimes of passion. 
The Toyota wasn’t parked in front of the house when I got home, though. There went my plan. I wondered what time Claire would be home. She never went anywhere alone. I didn’t want her to hurry home on my count, so I didn’t call her.
***
It was nearing sundown, and I still hadn’t heard from Claire. 
I climbed out my bedroom window and sat on the porch roof with my legs curled up against me. The sun decided to make a cameo appearance, and I watched as the last of its rays became just a thin line over the horizon. Night fell over me as I waited—alone and in despair.
I ignored a dozen calls from Gabriel as I sat there in the darkness. It felt ironic that I was doing to Gabriel, what David was doing to me. Grandma Eva always told me, “What goes around comes around.” I guess she was right.
It was past ten when a pair of headlights came to a stop in the driveway. I watched as Claire retrieved a few bags from the back seat of the car and walked to the front door.
“Isis!” she hollered.
“Coming!” I yelled, climbing over the window ledge. 
Claire had brought home Chinese food. I ate some noodles and soup and struck up conversation since Claire wasn’t talkative again.
“So what’d you do today?” I maneuvered the chopsticks between my fingers. I wasn’t very good at eating with them.
“I went to visit Nana and the granddads,” she said. “And Dad.”
 “Oh,” I said, picking up a fork. “Is that all?” 
“I went to see Grandma Eva, too. She sends kisses and hugs. Then I went to have a late lunch with Lucila and Bethany. They send their regards.”
“Did you have fun with the girls?” Lucila and Bethany were my mom’s best friends. I tried not to sound concerned with the fact that she had gone to the cemetery to vent. I was right here—alive and kicking. Why couldn’t she tell me what she was so distressed about?
“I did have fun,” she smiled. “Those two are a real hoot. I’ve missed them.”
“Did Grands have anything new to talk about?”
“Same ‘ol, same ‘ol… ailments and gossip about the neighbors. That Eva…” She shook her head.
“Hey, Mom, you don’t have to pretend you’re okay. Tell me what’s going on with you.”
Claire took a deep breath and twisted a strand of my hair between her fingers. “I will, but when the time is right. Not tonight, hon. Don’t you give me that face, young lady.” She wrapped her arm around me. “I promise to tell you, just not today. But soon, honey. I promise.”
“‘Kay.” 
I waited for Claire to go to her room before I unplugged the kitchen phone from its jack, then I went to her room. While she was taking a bath, I grabbed the cordless phone and took it to my room. I flipped the ringer switch to “off”. I didn’t want a repeat of last night’s events with Gabriel taking place tonight. My phone was set to vibrate, as well.
I had another plan in mind since I couldn’t visit the estate. I would go to Somnium tonight in my sleep and search for David there. David had made me promise never to return, but I needed to see him, and that was the only other place besides his home I could think of looking. I prayed that I wouldn’t be discovered by any of the things he said existed there.
I turned the lamp table off. I was nervous about going back to Somnium. What was I supposed to tell David? How was I supposed to explain that I didn’t love Gabriel in that way anymore? I shoved the covers off me, turned the light on and grabbed my journal.
***
March 10, 11:53 P.M.
You’ve left me. I feel lost. I never meant to cause you pain. I never meant to make you break. I have one wish for us, but it’s unreachable and unthinkable.
Untamable, as you are, you’d agree to it in an instant, but what’s the price? Death or eternal banishment. I don’t dare be the catalyst to either.
I can’t be certain that I can hold my heart in silence for much longer. It implores me to scream three words that I both fear and need to hear. 
Come back to me…
***
I was scared. I had just confessed something to myself that couldn’t happen. I couldn’t go to Somnium now. I would wait until morning and ask my mother for the car. I would visit David, and I would tell him… tell him what? Nothing. I would apologize, and that would be it. I would ask him to come back to school and hope he had no conditions to do so.
I turned off the light and slipped back into bed. I drifted to sleep nervous about the next day’s plans.
As I opened my eyes, I saw the Infinity tree in front of me. I picked one of its leaves and brushed it on my face. All of a sudden, I realized where I was. I had crossed over to Somnium. Without thinking, I drew myself away, landing hard on my back and on my bed. The dream was so vivid that I felt the mattress springs dig into my spine. 
I turned my bedside lamp on, and sat on the bed. My pillows were scattered across the floor. On top of one of them, lay a leaf. I picked it up and examined it. It couldn’t be the same one I had picked off the Infinity tree, could it? That was impossible. I wrote it off as coincidence. 
***
The next day was Friday. I went to school, lived through the day, and ignored more of Gabriel’s incoming calls. By afternoon, I had managed to talk myself out of going to the Ebony Estate. I turned off the house phones and went to bed early. 
***
“How many times have I told you about the phones?”
 I had slept in, waking up after Claire. She sat watching TV with a bowl of cereal held up to her chin.  
“Don’t do it again.” She peered at me over her shoulder.
“Okay,” I said.
I was surprised I had gotten off that easy. The only other time I had done it was when I was in middle school and not allowed to have a cell phone. She really gave it to me that time. She grounded me for two days, and I had to tell all my friends my phone curfew was eight o’clock. And if I didn’t, she would tell them for me.
I waited to see if Claire was in a bad mood. I didn’t want to ask for the car and have her say no. I planned on visiting the Chios’ house that afternoon.
I did two loads of laundry and cleaned my room before I got up the courage to ask for the car. It wasn’t that I was scared of Claire being upset; it was that I wasn’t sure what I was going to say to David when I saw him. I had so many mixed emotions that I couldn’t harness. My brain and my heart were divided. 
“Where are you going, and who are you going with?” Claire asked, scrubbing the oven walls with her yellow rubber gloves on.
“Over to Andy’s. We don’t know what to do just yet, but I’ll let you know if we go anywhere.”
“Well, be careful.”
“Thanks,” I said and turned to walk away. 
“Oh wait!” She moved the hair out of her eyes with the back of her hand. “I have a thing to go to this afternoon, but I don’t need the car. One of the girls from work is picking me up, so I’ll probably leave before you do. If you call me and I don’t answer, leave me a message or text me.”
“Okay,” I said, and then whisked up the stairs to wash my hair.
Claire left around two thirty. I kept making up excuses not to leave until the anxiety was so great that I just rushed out the door before I chickened out again. I circled the block a few times, until I decided I was doing this. I practiced what I was going to say as I drove five miles below the speed limit.
I stopped the car at the entrance to the green path and saw a half-hidden sign that said “The Ebony Preserve”. My stomach swirled with nerves.
I stopped the car and shifted it to reverse. I couldn’t do it. Then I shifted back into drive. I had to. But I couldn’t lift my foot off the brake pedal, so I shifted to the park gear and tried to calm myself down.
“I can do this,” I said out loud. “What’s the big deal?”
I shifted gears and drove at a snail’s pace along the paved drive. I reached an open space where the path ended and the driveway began. David’s car was parked under an ebony tree. My hands started to sweat. I didn’t know what would happen when I saw him. It felt like weeks since I last saw his beautiful smile and face.
The twins’ truck, Nyx’s car, and two other cars I didn’t recognize were also in the driveway. I hesitated. I didn’t want to inconvenience them if they had visitors, but then again, I was already here.
I stepped out of the car and rang the doorbell. Nyx answered the door wearing a beautiful red spring dress. 
“Well, hello!” She kissed my cheeks. “How are you?”
“I’m well, thank you. How are you?” 
“I was wondering when your next visit would be.” 
“I’m sorry I showed up unannounced. I’m looking for David.” 
“David and his brothers had to leave town for a few days to set some matters in order, but they should be back by tomorrow or Monday, if all goes well.”
“Oh. I saw his car outside, and I thought he’d be here.”
“Will you excuse me for just a minute while I fetch something?” Nyx said, already walking away from me.
I could hear chatter coming from deeper in the house. Several people were talking and laughing.
It wasn’t long before I heard the sound of descending footsteps. Nyx walked down the staircase with something in her hand. She held out a piece of paper to me.
“David has asked me to deliver this to you.” Her eyes glistened. “But, before I give it to you, promise to guard it with your life.”
“Yes, of course.”
I took the paper and unrolled it. Within it, there lay a golden six-pointed star. It seemed to glow in the palm of my hand. The note held another of David’s poems:
***
“A tearing thrusts this vacant heart
Brutal agony does prevail.
Incessantly battling for Victory’s love,
Its resolute intents to no avail…
But this singular army will not retreat,
It is obligated by penance—
Ravenous for Her emotional defeat.”
***
It was clear by his own word that David was not letting go of me. A burst of happiness filled me, and then I noticed that Nyx was using her empathic skills to scrutinize me. She pulled off a leather string from the bracelet she wore on her wrist.
“Here.” She took the star and made a simple necklace with the string. She placed the necklace in my hand.
“You must guard it. Carry it with you at all times.”
“I promise.” I held on to the paper and the charm.
Nyx looked at herself in the foyer mirror and wiped under her eyes, clearing black makeup smudges away. Whatever this tiny star was, I could tell it was important.
“I’m having a small tea party, dear. I’d love it if you’d join us.”
“I really shouldn’t. I feel like I’m imposing already.” 
“Please, stay.” Nyx took a hold of my hand. “It would mean the world to me if you did. I don’t know anyone in that other room. Stay at least a few minutes.”
“Sure,” I nodded. “I’ll stay.”
We walked into a room I hadn’t been in before. The room was lined with windows that overlooked the beautiful white pavilion and tropical landscaping. Three women sat on oversized white wicker chairs. Claire was one of them.
“Oh, snap,” I muttered.
“Isis? What are you doing here?”
Nyx’s eyes widened.
“I’m… err… invited for tea.” I looked at Nyx hoping she’d go along with my story.
“Oh?” Claire raised her eyebrows. “Where’s Andrea?”
“She couldn’t make it?”
“Didn’t I tell you to call me if you left town?”
“Technically, we’re still in town, Mom.”
Nyx interrupted, “Isis, dear, I forgot how you take your tea.”
“Cream and sugar please,” I said.
“Do you remember Elsa and Mary from the office?” Claire asked.
“Yes, how are you?” I said to both women. 
Just as one of them started to make small talk, Nyx called for me from the next room.
“Isis, would you help me with the canapés?” 
“Excuse me,” I said, walking away from the enclosed patio and into the gourmet kitchen.
“I’m so sorry that I got you in trouble,” Nyx said. “I knew your mother’s name was Claire, but I just didn’t think to put two and two together.”
“It’s okay. She’ll get over it.” I took a platter of the finger foods in each hand.
“Nyx, is David out of cell phone range?”
“Why do you ask?” 
“He doesn’t answer his phone. I was just curious, that’s all.”
“I don’t believe he has his phone with him.”
“Oh, I thought… something else.”
“I know,” she said and smiled. “Well, let’s get this soirée going.”
***
Before leaving that afternoon, I wrote down my home phone number and a short note—nothing like his poems: please call me. I left my cell phone number with Nyx, just in case.
After saying goodbye for the eighth time, Claire finally climbed into the car.
“Why didn’t you tell me you were coming here?” She asked right after she closed the door.
“I didn’t know. I got a call after you left.” I lied. “How’d you meet Nyx?” 
“She came by the courthouse to ask about the deed to the Ebony Estate. Did you know that house is under David’s name?” she asked, and I shook my head. “Anyway, Elsa slipped her a Tupperware catalog and asked if she’d be interested in having a demo party. Nyx mentioned she was new to the area and had no one to invite. We got to talking and she ended up asking us to tea.”
“You knew who she was,” I said. “You wanted a first-hand account of the estate and the family, didn’t you?” 
And hadn’t I told Nyx that Claire worked at the courthouse? 
“I was being neighborly.” She paused. “So, David, huh?” 
“What about him?”
“I thought you didn’t like him?”
“I never said that.”
“So you do like him?” 
“I barely know him.”
“That doesn’t matter. The first time I laid eyes on your father, I was head over heels in love.” Claire sighed. 
“Love at first sight? How original.” I rolled my eyes.
“When you know, you know.” 
***
Claire went out with The Judge around eight. I stayed up and watched television for a while in my room. Sometime between reruns of I Love Lucy and The Honeymooners, I fell asleep.
***
The sun’s rays broke in through the window, announcing another day. A faint ringing woke me, and I reached for my phone.
“Hello?” 
“Good morning.” 
I sat up. “David?”
“Yes.”
“Where’ve you been? I’ve been trying to find you.”
“Have you?” 
“Yeah.” I sighed. “Um… I wanted to apologize for that incident.”
“Why are you apologizing? I overreacted. Besides, I shouldn’t have pressed you so much after you had told me how you felt. I’m the one that should apologize.”
“No, David… I shouldn’t have spoken to Gabriel. It was dumb of me to do. And what you saw, it was nothing.” 
“Stop, Isis. If you hadn’t spoken with him, he might have started a brawl, something we both know is simmering in that bird brain of his.”
I relaxed my back against the headboard.
“Does that mean I’m forgiven?” 
“Tenacious, aren’t you?”
“I guess I am.”
He laughed.
“Listen, I was wondering… do you think your mother would allow you to come out with me for the day?”
I looked at the clock. It was a few minutes past seven.
“I don’t think she’d mind.” 
“May I pick you up in an hour for breakfast?”
I jumped out of bed and skidded into the bathroom. “Okay,” I said, reaching for the shower knob.
“See you then.” 
“Bye.”
 



DAVID CHIOS

Enraged, I raced to my car and sped past the security guard at the school entrance. I was cloaked with disillusionment.
What did she think I was—a mere plaything for her own sadistic pleasure? I cursed the day I laid eyes on her enchanting face. Surely, she must think I was her jester, there for her private entertainment.
I was so stupid to think she would have me. I loathed her with a passion, yet my heart yearned for her a million times more. Her wicked emerald stare bewitched me every time; I held no cure to her curse. She was the most incomprehensible human I had ever met. I didn’t understand her quick to change moods, or why she gazed at me in a way that made me think she held feelings for me.
She must see me as a fool, and a fool I must certainly be to continue with this obsession. I can’t endure her apathy for me any longer. A dying leper would be more likely than me to receive pity from her. And yet, with all her coldness, she pulses through my veins like wildfire.
Her soft pink lips, her sweet breath…
But if there were a way—a way to claim her frail, poisonous heart—I wouldn’t hesitate. I care nothing for those imposed rules of the Council.
Mother had warned me against growing weak for her affection, but this was impossible to avoid. I needed some means to sway her emotions, but what? 
Every one of my thoughts led to her. The only thing my mind could see was her face—and that should belong to me along with the rest of her.
Many times my friend, Eros, god of love and lust, had recounted stories of lovers. At the time, I was ignorant of the meaning of the word “love” and far more ignorant of the words he spoke in reference to humans: “Their prayers seek me out asking to pierce my arrows through the hearts of their unrequited halves because it is so great—their love—that they fall physically ill.”
I judged their request ridiculous. But now, I was the one to be ridiculed by my own wits. I had become a hypocrite to my own views.
As I thought more about it, I knew that Eros held my answer. I couldn’t waste any more time. 
I parked the car under an ebony tree and ran inside the house.
“Mother!” 
My mother appeared at the top of the staircase.
“What’s wrong?”
“I have to leave for a few days, but I need you to do something for me while I’m away.”
“But why? Where are you off to?”
“Please don’t question me. I need your help.”
I turned away from her. I took a deep breath, and then pierced my torso with my forefinger and thumb. I dropped to my knees in pain. My mother attempted to stop me. I pushed her away.
My fingers searched for the sacred object buried deep in my chest. I tried not to breathe as I extracted the life within me, a small, luminous six-pointed star. I held it out to my mother to take.
“Make sure she receives it.” I let the Star Crest fall in her hand.
“David, no! You don’t know what you’re doing!”
Struggling against the pain, I rose to my feet. “Yes, I do,” I gasped. The wound was already beginning to heal. “Now, please, I beg you to deliver this. I know you can feel the physical and emotional pain within me.” 
“I can. I’ve felt it for a long time—since she appeared in Somnium a year ago today.” She looked at the vibrant star in her hand. “And you’re certain?”
“I… I love her, Mother.”
“But it’s your life, my son.”
“And now my life is hers.”
My mother swung her arms around me and wept on my shoulder. 
“Please, don’t do this.”
“Let me know what happiness is, Mother. You already have it with Father. I’m begging you.”
She pulled away from me and nodded. “I’ll make sure she receives it.”
“There’s one more thing,” I said. “Wait here.”
I climbed the stairs as fast as the pain would allow me. I threw my cell phone on the bed. Where I was going, I didn’t need distractions.
I wrote a few phrases on papyrus and rolled it. I descended the staircase and handed the note to my mother.
“If Isis should come looking for you, where should I say you’ve gone?” she asked.
“Tell her that I had to settle some business.”
“When will you return?” 
“In two, maybe three days' time.”
“Ite cum Deo.” Her voice was broken as she gave me the ancient blessing in Latin. “Go with God.”
“Thank you.” I hugged her. “And Mother… don’t tell her what it signifies.”
With those last words, I left the estate in search of Eros. I couldn’t fly over the Atlantic, weak as I was. I boarded a plane in a nearby city. I slept the majority of the way, arriving in the crisp and chill of the morning in Paris, Eros’ current city of residence.
Since Eros possessed the power to tamper with the heart, I was certain he would help me once he saw my heartache. Eros was a pushover for love.
I arrived at the Café de Flore, one of Eros’ favorite spots. Fragrant European coffees and the scent of pastries filled the air. Eros wasn’t at the café this morning. I took a seat at an empty table, ordered a double espresso, and waited to see if he would appear. After two hours, I never did see him arrive.
I pondered the places where Eros would roam. I knew him well enough to know these sites, and so I set pace to an antique bookstore named Shakespeare and Company, a short distance from the café.
As I walked among the rues of Paris, I wished one day I would be able to show Isis the City of Love. I came to the street where the bookstore was located. I prayed to Deus that I would find Eros.
The shop doors were opened wide with books stacked on tables on the sidewalks. I stepped in to the sweet vanilla smell of vintage paper coming from the antiquities. A numerous collection of works were scattered over tables and arranged on shelves. I examined the literary hunters, which were but a handful.
Next to one of the book tables by a window there stood a blond, tall young gentleman in a grey trench coat and spectacles. 
I approached him discretely, as if I were also searching for literature. As he picked up a book, I leaned into his field of view.
“Bonjour.”
“Dahveed! My brother!” Eros embraced me. “How are you, my friend?” he asked in his thick, French accent. “Have you come to visit as you did last time… for pleasure?”
 “Actually, I’ve come to ask for a favor. But where are my manners? How are you?”
“A favor you say?” He set the book down and led me out of the store.
“Tell me what I can help you with. You know I’m at your disposal.”
“I would rather discuss this in a more private place, if you don’t mind.”
“I see. We can speak at my current residence then.”
“That would be perfect.” 
***
Eros flagged down a cab on the sidewalk. 
“La Reserve. Place du Trocadero,” Eros told the driver. 
During the cab ride, we spoke of my family. He was surprised to learn we had moved to a small town instead of a fast-paced city.
“Paris is where you should be. The women here die for our kind… I jest, of course. I should be so ignorant as to put myself in that position.”
I avoided that topic of conversation. I couldn’t let him know the circumstance behind my visit until he knew the entire story. He’d be more inclined to help me if he understood the degree to which I was now emotionally engrossed.
We walked through the lobby of the hotel as a familiar classical number by Chopin played in the background. Upon entering his elegant and contemporary penthouse suite, Eros removed his coat and offered me a drink. 
I declined and waited for him to prompt me to tell him the reason behind my visit.
“I’ll assume this concerns a female, oui?” 
“You assume correctly.” 
“Is it someone I know?”
“No. She… she’s not of our kind.”
“What?” Eros dropped his glass of wine. “Mon frère, please don’t tell me this concerns a mortal?”
“Let me explain.” Eros sat down and awaited my rebuttal. I deliberated on how I should gain his empathy. “I love her.” 
“I thought this was a case of lust. You? In love?” His laughter echoed in the room.
“Should I return when it’s no longer a joke to you?” 
“No, no.” 
“I don’t appreciate your mockery.”
“Forgive me, brother. It’s just come as a shock from you, of all people—and in love with a human girl, to say the least.” 
“May we speak in a civilized manner now?” 
Eros sighed and closed his eyes. “I cannot help you. I’m sorry.”
“Yes, you can, Eros. You must. You have no idea what it’s like to need someone like you need the flow of your own blood.” 
“David, you will never be able to procreate from this relationship. It’s against the law. My answer is firm. I can’t help you.”
Eros pressed his temples as if attempting to release the pressure of my petition.
“Eros… I’ve done something to prove my love for her. But I see that your support is too much to ask, brother. I shouldn’t have come.”
“Wait. Hear my thoughts on the matter. To be in love with a human… that’s impossible. You know the prohibitions of such acts. The law is impenetrable.” He walked to the bar again to serve himself another glass of wine. “You mentioned you had done something to prove your love. What exactly have you done, Romeo?” 
“Do you really have to ask?” I sighed.
“I need an answer if you want my help.”
“I gifted her something of mine.”
“O Mon Dieu…” 
 “The Star Crest⎯my life⎯it belongs to her now.” 
“Merde.” Eros dropped his drink for a second time. “Dahveed, you have done the unthinkable.”
I stared at the shards of glass on the hardwood floor and nodded. “It’s done.”
“You’ve gone insane. It’s suicide!”
There was a knock at the door.
“Don’t move. Stay—right—there.”
Eros turned the doorknob and cracked the door open enough to see whoever was on the other side. He exchanged a few words in almost a whisper. Then he opened the door wide and stepped aside. In walked my brothers, Galen and Eryx. Wonderful.
“And just what do you think you’re scheming here, brother?” Galen asked while helping himself to the wine Eros had left on the bar.
“I’m not scheming.” 
“Oh, please… We all know you’re in love with the little mortal girl that travels to Somnium.” Galen gave Eros a hostile glance as he awaited an explanation from me. 
“That’s not possible,” Eros said.
“It’s not supposed to be possible, but it’s true,” I said.
“Did you think you’d get away with it, hmm?” Galen swirled the wine in his glass.
“Mother has sent us,” Eryx said. “She was afraid you’d foolishly conspire to encourage Isis’ feelings for you.” If Mother had told Eryx and Galen of the Star Crest, then they must have assumed I would end up here.
“Be quick to judge when you’re in my shoes. I don’t need lecturing. I’m quite aware of what I can and can’t do.” I walked to the balcony door.
“He hasn’t mentioned any of this to me,” Eros lied. “Besides, Dahveed is aware that my power is limited to only lust when it involves human and deity relationships. The feeling would wear off in a matter of hours. In most cases, the girl would detest him afterwards. I’m sure he wouldn’t surrender his love for her to such a thing.” 
“I wouldn’t,” I said, but I almost had.
“Then why are you running to Cupid’s nest at the first sign of defeat?” Galen asked, reminding me of the happenings of the previous day.
Eros hissed at Galen’s reference to him.
“I don’t need to be pestered with unnecessary questions. This was a social visit to a close friend,” I lied again. “If you must know, I was on my way out. And don’t bother following me. I’ll be taking the long way home.”
I shook Eros’ hand. “A pleasure to see you again, dear friend.”
Eros’ face reflected concern as he walked me toward the door. The Council didn’t just frown upon cases like these. There were consequences that could lead to decades or centuries of penalty.
“Many blessings to you,” Eros said as I walked out.
Eryx and Galen followed close behind me, as if they were my keepers. I waved my hand to signal a cab and left without saying another word to them. I was furious that my mother had sent them to seek me out, yet I understood her concern. I knew the repercussions of my actions, and this wasn’t to be taken lightly. 
***
On the flight back to the States, I had time for self-reflection. I realized what I had almost done. If my brothers hadn’t showed up at Eros’ suite, he would’ve condoned my decision, as he was my best friend.
Was I so preoccupied with my egotism that I was willing to obligate her to love me? Only a tyrant would obligate anyone to such a degenerate form of affection. I would rather die soulless, than take her love by force. I could not, would not, do that to my lovely Isis.
I had let the face of desperation lead me. I knew that it wouldn’t last if it weren’t meant to be. Yet, I had grown irrational enough to attempt it. What was I thinking? 
My heart ached, and my stomach felt as if I had been on a drinking binge the night before. Was this what it felt like to be lovesick?
I would have to wait to see if Isis ever requited what I felt for her. For now, my best friend and enemy would be time. I would have to woo her just as any other man would.
I departed the plane and walked out of the airport. There were some hours left before the break of sunrise. I found a secluded area behind two parcel trucks, spread my wings, and ascended into the dark, cloudless sky. 
My wings took me to her home⎯to my lovely Isis. I observed her from the window as she slept on her side. I fought the urge to enter her dreams; I wasn’t ready to speak to her. I recoiled, fearful she might discover me and headed to the estate.
 At home, my mother and brothers were awaiting my arrival. 
“How noble of you to finally grace us with your presence, brother,” Galen said.
Eryx motioned me to take a seat with them.
“What? You’re not done ridiculing me?” I asked. 
“David, they’re concerned for you. They want to ask your motive behind your actions,” Mother said.
“What actions?” 
“You know what we’re referring to. Why would you do such a thing? You’ve slit your own wrists,” Eryx said.
“Until you experience this burden for yourself, you have no reason to judge my actions. I have nothing more to add.” I turned on my heel and walked toward the flight of stairs.
“David, I don’t want to meddle in your affairs,” my mother said. “But you’re my son, and—”
“Then why send them searching for me, Mother?”
“As a precaution. This emotion seems to have incapacitated you. Did you think I wouldn’t figure out what you planned to do? I had to find my way to the Runes to see if they could tell me where you were before you caused your own demise. And if that wasn’t enough, I had to return to Caelum to calm your father. He’s not pleased that we’ve remained here.” Mother took my hand in hers. “As for matters of the heart, you must be patient. The first consequence of love is pain—whether it’s the fascinating pain of love requited or the excruciating pain of a torn and tormented heart; it’s pain, nonetheless.”
I looked at my brothers. Their expressions showed their concern for my wellbeing.
“This is for you,” my mother said.
“A napkin?”
“It’s a note from Isis.” 
“You delivered the Star Crest as I asked. Thank you.” I kissed her forehead.
“I promised that I would,” she said. “Make it a point to check your cell phone. You have many missed calls.” 
“I do?” I asked, as I followed her into the kitchen, and she nodded. 
“Are you hungry? Shall I prepare something for you?”
“Thank you, but no. If the calls are from a certain young lady, then I have other plans for breakfast.”
 



ISIS MARTIN

I heard the doorbell ring.
“Mom, I’m leaving now!” I hollered from the bottom of the steps.
“Have fun,” she said as she leaned over the second floor railing still in pajamas.
I swung the door open and stared into David’s remarkable face as if it were the first time I had ever seen him. He looked too perfect to be standing at my front door.
“Good morning, again.” 
“Morning.” I tried not to sound too eager.
David extended his arm revealing a pink rose with a small envelope attached to it. I loved his romantic gestures, even if they might have seemed corny to anyone else.
“Thank you. It’s beautiful; I love flowers.” 
“Yes, I know. Would you please read the note?” 
I opened the envelope, unfolded the note, and read aloud.
***
“Beseech me;
I require no contest
Embrace me;
I shall not wince away
Proclaim me;
I will forever stay”
***
His eyes were on me as I raised my head to look at him.
“It’s amazing, David—they all are. Thank you.” I reached to him and hugged him. His body was stiff, and he didn’t return my embrace.
“Is something wrong?” 
“No,” he said. “Shall we go?”
 “Y-yeah.” 
In my head, I questioned his unresponsiveness as he opened the car door for me. Things were different. Why was he being this way with me now, when just a few days ago he had been treating me like… like I belonged to him?  
He didn’t greet me with kisses on the cheeks. He hadn’t called me “my lovely” once during our conversation. He hadn’t signed his poem “Ceaselessly Yours”. Was this his attempt to let me go?
I snuck glances at David as he drove. He never took his eyes off the road. He never once turned to gaze at me as he had always done since the first time we met. Was he still upset? It would make no sense to give me a rose and a poem if he was still mad. Yet, he didn’t talk to me as he drove.
In a neighboring city, we arrived at a pancake house. After we were seated, I took it upon myself to break the silence.
“Where were you these past few days?” 
“Resolving some issues.”
During breakfast, we exchanged half-hearted smiles twice. I began to stab my pancakes in a semi-violent fashion. This silence perturbed me. I took more time than necessary to finish my breakfast, hoping that he’d speak.
David picked at his food with his fork, but he didn’t eat any of it. He kept his eyes on his plate. He asked for the check when he noticed I was on my last bite.
We walked across the parking lot and got back into the car without saying a word. He said nothing on the trip to his house as well.
“Stop the car,” I said once the car turned on the path that led to the estate.
David put the car in park.
“Turn it off,” I said, and he did. “Did I do something I shouldn’t have?” 
David shook his head and reached for the ignition. I grasped his hand before he could turn the key.
“Are you still angry with me?” 
“No,” he said without looking at me. 
“Why are you different with me then?” 
“I’m not different. I’m exactly the same.” 
“No, you’re not. You’re… distant.”
He frowned in thought, and then turned to look at me.
“I’m only trying to do as you asked. I won’t press you for… we can be friends.”
I removed my hand from his and crossed my arms over my chest.
“I’ve never wanted to be your friend.” 
His face grew angry. “I don’t understand you. You’re the most unsound person I’ve ever met.” 
“You’re calling me crazy?” 
“Certifiable.” He clenched the steering wheel. 
“David, look at me.” 
He turned and glared at me; his forehead and cheeks had turned a vivid red color. I took his face in my hands and fastened his lips with a hard kiss. There was no response. I had lost him. 
Suddenly, his mouth reacted to the touch of my tongue and he drank me in with passion. I felt his arm wrap around my waist, pulling me to him. His hand ran up my spine and to the back of my head. His spicy scent was stronger now. I pulled away from him and gasped for air, fearing I might collapse. I had forgotten how his kisses inebriated me.
David pressed his nose to my cheek.
“If you’re playing with me…” 
I cupped his cheek with my hand.
“I would never do that to you.” 
I gasped as he tightened his embrace around me.
“I’m afraid you’ll never let me hold you like this again.”
“You don’t have to let me go… ever.”
“I don’t know what to believe. My mind and my heart are telling me two different things.” 
I lifted his head and looked intently at him.
“Let your heart be the victor.” 
 “You don’t understand how fiercely my heart craves yours. If you knew…” 
“Tell me.”
“It’s selfish.” He lowered his head.
“Tell me.”
“I won’t. It’s… it’s stupid.”
“Tell me.” 
“I want you wholly and exclusively for me,” he confessed. “And only for me.”
I tightened my embrace around him.
“Then we’re both selfish,” I said.
David’s tension eased. His fingers ran from my face, to my jaw, to my collar. He took my lips in eager and unrelenting kisses that brought life to every particle in my body. And though my lips became swollen and numb, I didn’t dare pull away from his sweet caresses. In that moment, I didn’t care what was right or wrong. The only thing I cared about was that he was with me.
***
David drove us to the lakeside. We strolled around the lake’s edge, admiring the swans and newly bloomed wildflowers. Worried that we’d be seen from the house, he pulled me into the tree shadows to hold me and kiss me. His arms felt like a refuge for my soul.
“I have questions for you,” I forewarned him.
“I wondered when you would ask more.” We settled under the shadows on the lawn. He rested his shoulders against a tree base, drawing my back against his chest and holding me. “Ask away.” 
“Why did you leave this charm for me?”
“I was hoping you’d leave the difficult ones for the end.”
“A difficult girl asks difficult questions.” 
“Right… Well… there’s a long story behind the Star Crest. Would you like to hear it?”
“If it gets me answers, then, yes.”
He kissed the side of my head and began his story:
“In the center of darkness there existed an immense and extraordinary light. Light grew tired of the darkness because it was like living in nothingness, so Light created the suns, stars, and planets—the universe.
“Light had a soul, but it had no vessel to carry it in. So, it created a vessel to suit its needs. The vessel was comprised of elements that were necessary for its existence. It had limbs to travel and touch with; a mouth to savor the taste of life and to speak its thoughts; eyes to take in the glory of the universe; ears to listen with and cancel out the silence; and a heart to keep the vessel alive. Light decided it needed a name, so it chose the name ‘Deus’—the Creator. The vessel that Deus created for himself required care—like food, drink, and shelter. He set out to construct a place where He could dine and slumber; He created Terra, what you know as Earth.
“One day, Deus walked upon Terra admiring the beauty of His creation, but there was no one to share in His experience. He took of His body two triangles of skin and placed them on a cloud to produce a companion. The triangles took the shape of a star. He remained in the clouds until His companion was complete.
“A female was born of the star. She was the most beautiful creature He had ever made. He thought of her as his own, being that she was made of His flesh. The woman was displeased with Deus’ assumption that she would want to be His because He was her creator. She argued with Deus telling Him she had the right to mold her own life and left Deus to roam Terra alone.
“Deus became aware of an emotion that he had never before encountered—sadness. He began to grow ill. The light that radiated inside the vessel he called ‘body’ began to dim.
“The woman observed that the silver clouds where Deus lived were no longer bright. She traveled to the clouds to question Deus, but He was too weak to answer; He was dying.
“The woman, remembering that she was made of His flesh, searched her body for the star made of His skin. She found the star in her heart; it had turned to gold and radiated a fragment of the light that once belonged to Deus. She took the star from her heart and embedded it into Deus’s chest. The light flourished within Deus, returning life to Him.
“When Deus saw He was no longer ill, He removed the star from His chest. Upon turning His gaze to the woman, He saw that her skin had become wrinkled and her hair had grown white. He pierced her chest with the star and placed it in her heart again. Slowly, she began to revert to her original state. Deus realized that the star was her essence and that she could not live without it. After seeing her sacrifice for Him, Deus fell in love with her.
“The woman learned that Deus had fallen ill because of the sadness He had felt in her absence. This moved her so much that she too fell in love with Deus.
“Feeling the overwhelming love in her heart, she began to cry tears of gold. The tears transformed into children marked with a gold star in the center of their chest—exactly like the one the woman contained in her heart.
“Deus and the woman realized these children were conceived solely of their love for each other and nothing more. The woman was overjoyed with her new children; she promised Deus she would stay with Him for all eternity.”
***
“Wow… that was a beautiful story,” I said, rotating my body so that I could look at him.
“It is, isn’t it? But I think it’s more of a biography than a story.” 
“So, God has a wife?” 
“Not the God you believe in, but Deus does. He’s one God with many faces, and, yet, only one.”
“And this star…” I looked at the star charm that was tied to my wrist and asked, “It's significant of both your origin and your creed?”
“Yes, but at the moment, I believe it to be more symbolic of my love for you.”
“Like a promise ring?” 
“No. Much, much better,” he said, raising an eyebrow.
“Oh right. I forgot I was dealing with perfection.” 
“There’s no such thing as perfection, silly.”
“What was the woman’s name, Deus’s wife?” 
“Her name is Starr.” 
“Pretty name.” 
“That’s why this is called the Star Crest.”
He took the string with the star off my wrist and placed it around my neck. I turned, and I lifted my hair so that he could fasten it.
I thought about the story he had told me regarding relationships between humans and deities. I wondered, if that rule was still in effect, why we were together now.
“David?”
“Yes, love.”
A wide smile crossed my face in reaction to his answer. For a moment, I forgot what I was going to ask.
“You were saying?” 
“Will you be in trouble for breaking the ‘no human/deity relationship rule’?”
“Don’t worry yourself with that. I have the matter under control. Just know that nothing will keep me from you.” 
Nyx appeared on the porch as we walked up to the house.
“Hello, Isis. Are you hungry? I’ve prepared lunch.”
I was so happy to hear her utter those words. David and I had been out by the lake all morning. It was past noon now, and my stomach was demanding food.
“Thank you, Nyx. I’m starved,” I said.
In the dining room, Nyx had once again gone out of her way to prepare an extraordinary feast. The twins were already seated at the dining table.
“What’s the verdict?” Galen asked David. 
“The verdict?” I asked.
“He senses my enthusiasm,” David said. “Can’t I have a moment of privacy at least for this?”
“The verdict is good then,” Galen said and raised his glass. “To love everlasting.”
“Are you drunk?” Eryx whispered to Galen, and Galen smiled. 
“Leave them alone, Galen.” Nyx poured iced tea into my glass. “You should be so lucky. With your raw humor and narcissism, I’d wager anything that you’ll be a bachelor your entire life.”
“And yet you always compare me to Father. Is he narcissistic, too?” Galen asked.
Nyx tapped Galen’s head with her knuckles. “Be respectful.”
Eryx, David, and I laughed at Nyx’s attempt to reprimand her son.
During the course of the meal, David held my hand under the table. He, every so often, reached out to settle a strand of hair behind my ear and away from my face. Judging by the look on Galen’s face, he still seemed uneasy with David’s attentiveness toward me.
“Maybe, we should find human girlfriends,” Galen said to Eryx.
“You will do no such thing. I expect you both to keep rules in place,” Nyx said severely.
“Well, some rules can be bent, Mother,” Eryx said, eying David.
“No, Eryx. That’s a much different matter than you think.”
After lunch, David and I took a walk on one of the nature trails that was part of the park’s hiking route. He collected wildflowers along the way, fixing them all onto my hair.
“I hope Galen’s remarks didn’t offend you. His mouth runs on like an open faucet,” David said.
“It’s okay. It doesn’t bother me. But what did Eryx mean when he said you were bending the rules? Didn’t he mean ‘breaking’?” I asked.
“It means that as long as there’s… how shall I put this? As long as there’s no physical union between us, we’re allowed to be together.”
I looked at him wide-eyed.
“Do you understand what I mean?”
“Are you talking about… um…?” I looked to the ground too embarrassed to say it.
“Yes.” He placed his hand under my chin and lifted it. I felt warmth blooming in my ears and cheeks. “Did I embarrass you?” 
“It’s just that I never talk about that subject with anyone.”
“Oh,” he said as if he had just realized something. 
We continued to walk in silence along the vegetated path. I wondered what would happen with us if our relationship took a more mature course. What if we decided to get married? I was only seventeen; I had no intention of getting married anytime soon. But I had always thought that someday I would have a family of my own. I’m sure Claire would be overjoyed at the mere thought of grandchildren. What about David’s unchanging appearance? I didn’t know when or if he would age further. It could be a century before he looked twenty, for all I knew.
“What are you thinking?” David asked.
“About us.” 
“What about us?” 
“Well…” I began, “let’s suppose—and this is hypothetical—that sometime in the future, like years from now, our relationship advanced to something more serious. How would that work?”
“Are you saying you want to marry me?” 
“I said it’s hypothetical; I know it’s premature to bring up the subject. I just… I don’t know how that would work.”
“Ah,” David said, understanding my concern. “If that were to happen, you’d have everything that marriage entails… everything.”
“How? Unless… Are you keeping something from me that I should know?” 
David took my hand and brushed his lips against it.
“It’s nothing,” he said, taking my waist with his arm.
“I’m not convinced.” I pushed away from his embrace and took a few steps to the forest’s edge.
“I hate it when you do that,” David said.
I looked at him over my shoulder and saw hurt in his face. Hadn’t I hurt him enough? I hurried back to him and wrapped his arms around me. I pulled at his collar, bringing his upper body to me and pecked his lips.
“I’m sorry,” I said. “I didn’t realize that upset you so much.”
After a few quiet seconds, David took my hand and led me to a fallen tree where he seated me. He knelt before me and cupped both my hands with his.
“How would you feel about growing old with me?” 
Was he asking me to marry him? My question had probably led him to believe that’s what I wanted, but I was in no way prepared for marriage. My mom always told me I was mature for my age, but I don’t think marriage fell under her perception of my maturity. I hadn’t even graduated from high school, yet. I wanted to attend college. I had plans—lots of plans!
“Isis?” 
“But I’m not ready for marriage,” I blurted out.
“Good, because it’s not a marriage proposal,” he said.
“Then, what are you asking me?”
“What if there was a way?” 
“A way for you to age?” 
“Yes. What if I could age alongside you? What if, when you’re ready, I could give you the commitment you wanted? Would it make you happy?”
“Yes.” 
David’s face gleamed. He lifted my entire body to him, draping me with his arms and pressing his lips against mine. I was dizzy and weightless in his embrace. It wasn’t until I sensed the sun beating fiercely on my face and lowered my head that I realized why I felt that way; we were hovering above the forest and ascending in spirals through the air. The flowers previously on my hair were dancing and swirling around us.
I gasped and hid my face in David’s chest, my eyes shut and my stomach in one big knot. 
“Don’t be frightened, my lovely,” David said.
Oh, but I wasn’t frightened—I was terrified!
I wanted to plead with him not to let go, but my teeth ground together, incapacitating my speech. My eyes were glued shut.
“Open your eyes,” he said.
I shook my head. All of a sudden, I sensed his light, seductive scent as I inhaled. Within seconds, the panic was swept away.
“Isis, open your eyes.” 
I peeked through one eyelid, and then opened the other. The majestic blue sky surrounded us. The ebony trees lying below seemed to be nothing more than a blanket of moss. David’s wings moved in a slow, graceful wave.
“Am I dreaming?”
“No.” 
“Am I dead?”
David laughed.
He carried us above the reserve and over the puddle-like lake. He circled the antique house, which I could now see was located in the center of the wooded area. Gliding with the wind, we descended to the ebonies. David set his feet on the grass. His arms lowered me to the fallen tree base where I had been sitting earlier. I looked at his still exposed wings.
“Can I touch them?” 
David sat next to me and turned his back. I examined his wings, and then gently ran my fingers through his feathers with both my hands. Their texture was luxurious and velvety, unlike anything I’d ever touched. David watched me over his shoulder. I rubbed my face against one of his wings and inhaled their sweet perfume. The scent was warm and inviting.
David’s wings disappeared with a soft shimmer as he turned to face me.
“This may sound strange to you, but I think I just found out why cats beg to be petted.”
***
After having tea, David drove me home.
“I’ll be by tomorrow morning to drive you to school,” he reminded me.
“What about that issue with Gabriel and us?” I asked.
“I’ll deal with it.” 
“Will I see you in my dreams tonight?” 
“I don’t want you to see me while you sleep.”
“Why not?” 
“I want you to miss me. I cherished the way you looked at me this morning after not having seen me for several days.” 
“You noticed that?” 
“I did.” 
David walked me to the front door. 
“I’ll feel dead until I look into those beautiful emerald eyes of yours again,” he whispered into my ear. “Good night, my lovely.” 
I watched his car drive down the street, and then I walked in the house.
Claire arrived home right after me. I was still sighing over the ideal day I had spent with David.
“What’s that goofy smile all about?” she said, turning my face from side to side.
I was so glad she was back to normal—at least I hoped she was. I pulled myself away from her grip and kept smiling.
“Hello? Earth to Isis…” She waved her hand in front of my eyes.
“Stop. I’m not telling you anything.”
Claire stuck her tongue out at me. “Well, neither am I.”
“Act your age,” I said. I was sure she was fine now.
Of course, she started telling me about her afternoon out with The Judge. They had watched a movie and gone out for ice cream afterwards. She was my happy Claire again.
It was still early for dinner, so I hung out in my room listening to my favorite Italian artist, Tiziano Ferro. I daydreamed about the night when David sang to me. I wished I understood Italian so I knew what it was he was singing about.
My smile dulled when I remembered that Gabriel was still a problem that hadn’t been solved. I had to think about how to get it through Gabe’s thick skull that I didn’t want him around me anymore. Maybe I should tell Claire about Gabriel and the gun. I shook the thought out of my head. I didn’t want Gabriel in prison, much less overprotection from Claire. She tended to overdramatize these things. I guess it was the small town girl in her that made her that way.
***
March 13, 6:01 P.M.
Emotion has overthrown the reign of reason. I’m the humble servant of that which should have a more passionate name. This emotion, which you’ve ignited in me, holds no comparison to any I’ve felt before. I’m a prisoner and a slave bound by the ropes of elation.
***
Monday morning, Andy elbowed Bill, and they started clapping as David and I walked to our table hand in hand. I rolled my eyes at them.
Galen tightened his lips. He was the only one in David’s family that was still having a hard time accepting our relationship. 
David wasn’t afraid to show everyone that we were together, though. He received several warnings during first period for tilting his desk forward and putting his arms around me. Second period, he paraded me on his arm for Simon to see. Lunch was blissful. David and I sat at a booth by ourselves since our table was overcrowded again.
“Why isn’t your mom against us seeing each other like Galen is? It was like she was relieved when I went looking for you.” 
“My mother believes that because you’ve found a way to travel to Somnium without knowledge of its existence, you were destined to find me. You see, fate plays a critical part in life’s journey to reach your undeniable destiny.”
“Wait, wait… fate and destiny? I’m not grasping the whole genius-deity theory of life,” I said.
“It’s not a theory; it’s the way things are. Fate is the series of events in your life that brings you to your destiny. It’s like, a mathematical equation: one plus one equals two, and will always equal two because it is a true statement, right? Well, imagine that the number ones are fate and the answer—which is always equal to two—is destiny. It doesn’t matter how many ones you add to the equation, the answer is always the truth. Does that make sense to you?”
“Sort of.” 
“You’re my undeniable truth—my destiny,” he murmured, leaning in to kiss me.
“Ehem.” Principal Miller cleared her throat. “None of that on campus, kids.”
“Yes, ma’am,” David said.
“Thank you,” Ms. Miller said and strode away.
“I was thinking…” David started. “I’d like to invite your mother and you to dinner sometime this week.”
“Why?” 
“I thought it would be a nice gesture—maybe gain more brownie points.”
“I’ll let her know.” I could already hear the big commotion Claire would make over this.
“I’d like to ask her myself. It’s the proper way, after all.”
“She’ll like that.” 
***
For a brief second my thoughts turned to Gabriel, but I stopped myself right away. I ignored that worry and sent it to the back of my mind where it wasn’t immediately perturbing. I wasn’t going to ruin this day.
I tried to convince David to come inside when he dropped me off. I insisted that my mother had the utmost trust in me. He refused, saying it wasn’t proper for him to be in my house without Claire’s consent. As usual, he won the argument.
After several attempts to say good-bye, he pulled me out of the car and walked me to the porch. I didn’t want him to go, but I knew he wouldn’t stay and let Claire find him there. 
He promised to return later that evening to speak to Claire about the dinner invitation.  
***
“Mom, I have to tell you something,” I said as soon as she set her purse down.
Claire’s eyes widened. “Oh my God, you’re pregnant.” 
“No! We talked about that already.” 
“I’m sorry, honey. I know I overreact whenever you say that, but that’s the way I told… never mind, never mind.” She shook her head. “What do you have to tell me?”
“David’s coming over later.” I turned the TV off and walked to the stairs. “I’ll be in my room.”
“Isis, don’t be angry, honey. I’m sorry.”
“You need to trust me. Just this afternoon I was telling David how much you trusted me. Was I wrong to tell him that?” 
“Of course not. But you know I’m a drama queen when it comes to my only baby. I can’t help it. You know this is me… this is your mother. One day you’ll understand what it’s like to want the best for your children. I’m terrified that you’re a teenager with a body full of raging hormones, because I already lived through that.”
“I know. You’ve told me this before… a dozen times. I’m just asking for a little credit. Have faith in me.”
“I don’t doubt you, Isis. You’re a good girl.”
“Yeah, thanks. I’ll be in my room.”
***
Claire was making a ruckus, moving pots and pans around in the kitchen, getting dinner started, so she didn’t hear the doorbell. I hurried down the stairs and opened the door.
“Hi. I’ll go get my mom.” I walked backwards a few steps, admiring my new hot boyfriend, then turned and walked toward the kitchen.
“Mom, David’s here.”
“Is he staying for dinner?” She was chopping broccoli on a wooden cutting board.
“I don’t know. Can you come to the living room for a sec?”
Claire stopped her chopping and gave me a strange look. She rinsed her hands and wiped them dry on her apron. I could tell she was nervous.
“Good evening, Mrs. Martin,” David said.
“Evening, David. How’s your mother doing?”
“Fine, thank you. And how are you?”
“I’m… uh… well.” Claire glanced at me. “Would you like to stay for dinner?”
“Thank you, but no. I’m actually here to extend a dinner invitation to you and Isis for some time later in the week, whenever it’s more convenient for you.”
“Dinner?” Claire exhaled as if relieved. “Yes. I’d love to. How about tomorrow night?”
“Perfect.” 
“It’s a date. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to finish up in the kitchen.”
“Are you sure you won’t stay?” I asked David. “She makes the best broccoli quiche.”
“Tempting, but I’ve already eaten.”
“Hang out with me for a little while?”
“Only until your dinner’s ready.”
Claire didn’t take very long to put the quiche in the oven. She joined us in the living room and talked to David about the countries he had lived in.
“I’d love for Isis to see all those places one day,” David said. “The cultures are so different.”
“I can imagine,” Claire said.
The timer on the stove beeped. Claire excused herself and went into the kitchen.
“Time for me to go.” David glanced at his watch. “I think I’ve overstayed my visit.”
“It’s not that late.” 
“I know, but Galen’s having trouble digesting our relationship and his comments make my mother tense. I should’ve called to let her know I’d be staying for longer than expected.”
“What comments?”
“About Gabriel and our relationship,” he said as he touched the Star Crest hanging from my neck.
“Yeah, I’m concerned also.”
“We’ll hope for the best.”
David rose and walked to the door. He pecked me on the cheek and left.



Claire set the broccoli quiche and wild rice on the table. She plopped down on a chair with her oven mitt and apron still on. She cut two triangles off the quiche and served them on our plates.
“It’s nice of your new friend to invite us to dinner.” 
I nodded as I took a taste of the piping hot food. It was delicious. I wondered if it would be up to Chios’ standards. I wouldn’t shy away from showing off my own cooking for David, if given the opportunity. I had inherited Claire’s skill.
“Are you ever going to tell me what’s going on between you two?”
“Nope. Not until you tell me what was going on with you last week.”
“That, again.” 
“No deal?”
“No deal.” 
***
I was washing the last of the dishes when the phone in my pocket started vibrating. It was Krystle, one of my best friends. She left for college earlier in the school year along with Sheila, Gabriel, and Patrick.
“It’s so much work,” Krystle complained. “Research papers and projects and presentations… I’m so happy I’ll be coming home for spring break this weekend.”
“Great! We can hang out with Andy and the rest of the gang. What do you want to do when you get here?”
“Sheila told me the Spring Festival is going on this weekend.”
“Man, I miss her… She lives here, but I never see her because she’s so busy all the time.” I leaned against the kitchen sink, staring at the floor.
“I know, I hardly talk to her anymore either, and we don’t even have time to text. She’s super busy with work, college, and all. I don’t know how she does it. Sometimes, I feel like I can’t handle my full load of classes.”
“You’re scaring me. I don’t know if I want to go to college anymore.”
“Shut up. You know you’re going. So have you given thought to where you’ll be attending? UTSA, maybe—with me?”
“Still debating.” I sighed. “The tuitions are ridiculous, you know?”
“Tell me about it. If it weren’t for financial aid and student loans, I’d be illiterate right now.”
“So dramatic!” I laughed.
“I know. It’s the stress. So, I’ll see you when I get there, yes?”
“Count on it.”
“I’ll talk to ya later. Bye.” 
“Bye.”
***
David was wearing a fitted, black polo-type shirt with a white shirt underneath when he picked me up for school the next morning. He looked like a model for the designer clothes he was wearing.
“Ready, gorgeous?” 
“No,” I said. “How many more days until spring break?”
“Not long. What are we planning for that week?”
“We? That sounds nice.”
“Do you think your mother would let you travel?”
“Not unless the apocalypse was nearing.”
“I’ll have to figure a way to keep us entertained here, then.”
***
David’s arm was wrapped around my waist as we walked into school. He held me like I was a fragile glass vase; his embrace was soft, careful, and firm. I was in heaven, until the smell of the breakfast pizza hit my nostrils.
“What’s that smell?” David pinched his nose.
“You don’t wanna know. Let’s sit out on the patio,” I said. I led him out of the exit next to the theatre arts center.
As we took our seats, the rest of our entourage came out to join us. Eryx and Galen sat at a corner table with two other guys I didn’t know, while Bill and Andrea sat with David and me. There were no other students out on the patio besides us.
I let Andy and Bill know that Krystle would be in town for spring break and about our plans to meet up at the Spring Carnival. David was quiet while Andy and Bill exchanged ideas of what to do while Krystle and Patrick were in town. 
“David, you’re really gonna like Patrick, Krystle, and Sheila,” Andy said. “They’re such good people.”
“I don’t think Sheila is going to make it to the carnival. She has to work,” Bill said. “Maybe we can meet up with her on one of the days we go to the beach.”
“Well, we kind of made plans for the week already, too.” I glanced at David.
“Nothing is set in stone,” David said. “I wouldn’t mind meeting your friends.”
“Woo hoo! Spring break at the beach!” Andy wiggle-danced on her chair.
***
The day went fast. First period, David managed to keep his hands to himself.
I had a presentation in Physiology, second period, which I had to wing without Simon. He took it upon himself to change his seating arrangement. The teacher must have not minded because he didn’t ask him to return to his original lab table.
Lunch was a blast; even Galen and Eryx took interest in the idea of a little recreation and relaxation at The Island.
After school, the excitement of the week to come was still alive in Andy and Bill. I could tell they were also looking forward to hanging with the old group. We all said goodbye and headed home.
“Come here,” David said after we were in the car. I shifted my weight to the driver’s side. David pressed his pale, soft lips over mine and deepened the kiss. My mind fogged for a moment.
“Four hours I’ve been waiting for that.” David sighed. “It was worth the wait.”
I asked David to drive us to my house so that we could talk. Claire had a meeting and wouldn’t be home until past six o’clock, so our dinner plans would be later than expected.
David was reluctant to enter the house claiming Claire would disapprove of his visit without her presence. It took a little convincing, but in the end, I swayed him.
I threw my book bag on the recliner and sat on the sofa.
He was uneasy even about sitting down.
“I can’t stay long. Though my brothers and mother say they don’t want to meddle in my affairs, they still worry about me.” David sat at the edge of the sofa.
“Galen’s still at it with the comments, I assume.” 
David nodded. “They’re afraid Gabriel will confront me any day now. The only reason they enrolled in school was to keep an eye on me. My family doesn’t trust me. They think that I’m liable to act out of impulse and unintentionally reveal myself.”
“Why would they think that?”
“Because I’ve given them reason to doubt me.” 
“What did you do?” 
“Isis, love is irrational. You know that, don’t you?”
“Yes, more so than anyone, I would say.”
“Love makes us do crazy things.”
“Like?”
“I asked someone to break a rule—a rule that may have cost him and me a great deal of problems.” He looked down at the floor. “I asked a deity to… distort your emotions so that you would love me.” 
“What?” 
I felt rage erupt from within my core. When he tried to speak again, I jumped to my feet and slapped him. I doubt I physically hurt him, but his face reflected pain.
“You made me believe that I loved you? How could you do that to me?”
David grabbed me and held me tight. I tried to force myself free, but his strength was much greater than mine.
“No, Isis, that’s not true.”
“You’re a liar… a hypocrite… a charlatan! Let me go! Get out of my house!”
“I didn’t follow through; I didn’t do it. Listen to me… please. You love me on your own.”
I stopped struggling.
“I swear on my life, I didn’t go through with it. I’ll swear on anything you want, do anything to prove it, but believe me… please.” 
 David released me from his grasp. He dropped before me on one knee and took my waist between his hands. I tried to push him away, but he wouldn’t let go.
“I’m begging you. Forgive me… please.”
The way he looked at me reminded me of the way my dad gazed at my mom imploring her not to leave him before the divorce. It broke my heart to see David like this. I never imagined I would see the day a god would kneel before me, pleading at my feet to believe in his words; it was just so wrong. 
“I believe you,” I told him.
A tingling sensation swept over the tips of my right hand. I raised it to see what could be causing the feeling.
“My fingers…” I said. I brought my hand closer to my face to see it better. My nails and fingertips were a purplish black hue. The color and tingling sensation were traveling up at a steady speed.
“No!” David gasped, his eyes wide in panic. He lifted me into his arms and ran out the door. He soared into the air at an astonishing rate. I had no time to react. The tremendous pressure of the wind burned against my skin. I felt David’s body tense as he landed. I heard his feet pounding on the ground. Everything around me was swirling blur. I was going to be sick.
“I have to throw up,” I moaned. I shut my eyes to block out the spinning, but the nausea continued.
“I can’t feel my hand,” I managed to mumble. My hand was cold and limp. The pins and needles sensation had now reached my wrist.
I heard David’s steps echoing. We were indoors somewhere, but I didn’t want to open my eyes. My stomach was still in knots.
“Mother! Gemini!”
He lay me down on something soft. I heard footsteps approaching. Someone took my right arm as if examining it.
“I have to throw up,” I warned a second time.
“Calm her.” I recognized Nyx’s voice.
I felt a light breeze on my face as I inhaled. My head was light, but the dizziness was gone. My stomach began to settle. My body relaxed, and I slowly opened my eyes.
David was kneeling by my head. Nyx sat next to me, while the twins stood behind her. I examined my hand. It looked like it was beginning to decompose from the fingers. The dark purple color was a third of the way up my lower arm. The tip of my pinky fell off. I should have been frantic, but I was unfazed, like I didn’t realize what I was seeing.
“Forgive her,” Nyx said to David.
“I forgive you,” David said to me.
“No. You must feel it.” 
“Mother, I should be the one asking her for forgiveness.” 
“She struck you. Forgive her. Do it now,” Nyx said.
“I forgive you, Isis,” David said, again, stroking my head.
I studied my arm. The blackness was at the base of my elbow. The tingling didn’t stop. It looked like something was boiling under my skin, slowly creeping upward. The muscle tissue was exposed in my hand. I could see bone and veins all turning black. The smell of putrid meat made me gag.
I looked up at everyone. Galen and Eryx were focused on my arm in horror. Nyx was crying, but trying to hold her composure.
“It’s not working,” David said. “Why isn’t it working?”
“You don’t have much time. If the corrosion reaches her chest, she’s going to die,” Nyx said.
“I’m going to die?” I mumbled.
I always thought I would be afraid of dying. I carried that fear with me since I was twelve, after looking inside that coffin at my dad’s stiff, breathless body. But now that it was my turn, I was ready. This destiny was written for me.
“I can’t do it, Mother. I have nothing to forgive her for,” David said.
If I was going to die, I needed to tell David something I hadn’t had the courage to tell him before. 
I glanced at my arm. The decomposition was at my elbow and the tingling had crept up near my shoulder. I didn’t have time to waste.
“David,” I said, and he looked at me. “I’m sorry I hurt. I needed you to know… to hear it.”
I could feel the tingling a few inches past my shoulder. Nyx pulled my shirt at the neckline exposing my collarbone and part of my shoulder.
“I love you,” I said. “I always have.”
“I’m so sorry I did this to you,” David whispered, stroking my forehead. 
I could no longer feel my arm, my shoulder, and part of my chest. And then I felt it—a searing pain in the middle of my chest. I writhed in anguish, screaming at the top of my lungs. My whole body jerked, and then there was darkness. Everything was silent, including my heart.
 A soft light surrounded me, cradling me in a tranquility I had never known existed. I struggled for a last breath, but it was too late. The end was here.


 “Vivere.”



A whispered word within the peace of the warm light echoed around me, and somehow, I knew what it meant—live. 
 Bright lights in beautiful colors that I had never before seen pulsed everywhere around me. I felt myself falling slowly, then faster through the endless spectrum.
I sucked in a lungful of air, and my eyes sprang open. 
Eryx cried out, “It’s receding!”
David raised me to a sitting position. 
“Gemini, flush her,” David ordered.
Eryx and Galen set one of their hands on my shoulders and joined their free hands, palm to palm. Their lower arms formed a baseless triangle between them.
I felt a strange suctioning sensation tugging the inside of my arm and hand, making my fingers twitch inward.
A black stream tunneled under the twins’ skin. The flow traveled from the hand with which they grasped my shoulders, then over their chests and to their raised arms. A deep plum- colored ball formed between their palms.
Meanwhile, my arm regained feeling. The decomposition was gradually covered by new skin. My pinky finger was by some means restored, and my senses started to recuperate.
The twins removed their hands from my shoulders. They lowered their arms and held the melon-sized sphere out to Nyx and David.
The ball was formed of coiled maggot-like creatures. Their little bodies squirmed over one another in a spiral motion.
David blew a gust of breath over the circular mass. Instantly, the creatures ceased their movement.
Nyx took the sphere and compressed it between her hands, then separated her lips. She made a low rattling noise and out of her mouth slithered a black and pink serpentine tongue, which wrapped around the sphere. I watched as Nyx dissolved the ball of larva with thick, opaque saliva. My stomach was still weak. I squirmed and turned away, gagging.
As I listened to the hissing die down, the shock of what had just happened sank in. I had almost died. Or did I die? I didn’t know if I was more disturbed by the near death experience or the family’s extraordinary abilities. I collapsed on the couch.
“Isis?” David leaned over me.
“I need a minute,” I said, and fainted.
***
Nyx sat at my side, rubbing my arm in a comforting gesture as I came to.
“Well, you’re a feisty little thing, aren’t you?” Galen said, sitting across the way from David and me in the living room.
“David must have done something very wrong,” Eryx added.
“He didn’t do anything,” I said.
“Well, if that’s the way you express your love to him, I’d hate to see you express your scorn,” Galen said.
“We can talk about this later,” David said to the twins.
Nyx raised a cup of tea to my lips.
“I can sense you’re feeling better,” she said.
I tried to get a glimpse of her tongue as she spoke. It looked normal enough now.
“You gave us all a very good scare.” Nyx took my right hand to inspect it. “Thank goodness David pardoned you when he did. And if Gemini hadn’t flushed the parasites from within you, this hand would have remained black and deformed; it’s a life penance.”
“Thank you all for…” 
“You would have done the same. I’m sure,” Eryx replied. “But David is the one who deserves the thanks; after all, his quick actions saved your life.”
“I don’t know how else to say that I’m sorry,” David told me.
“For what? I was the one that slapped you.”
“No one’s to blame.” Nyx settled the subject.
In the frenzy of things, we had left David’s car parked on the curb in front of my house. Eryx offered to drive us back before my mother got home, and I was all for it, but David insisted flying was much faster. I thanked Nyx and the twins again for what they had done to save my life.
“You should consider anger management classes,” Galen teased me. 
***
The flight home was easier on my stomach. 
“What if someone sees us up here?” I asked. I was relieved that Claire’s car wasn’t in the driveway yet.
“We’re not visible.” 
“Not visible… as in, invisible?”
“Camouflaged,” David said, setting me down in my living room. “By the sky.”
“Oh.” I wasn’t sure how that was possible. Though, by now I realized everything was possible.
As David and I took a seat on the couch, my cell phone beeped inside my book bag. I walked over to the recliner and reached inside to retrieve it. I had nine missed calls, nine voice mails, and seven text messages—all from Gabriel. I dropped the phone back into the bag, ignoring the messages.
I turned in David’s direction. He was gazing at me like I was his Hope Diamond. I sat next to him on the couch.
“Today was the single worst day of my entire existence.” David held his head between his hands. “I had never felt more helpless or afraid than I did in those minutes. If I lost you…” He shook his head.
“I don’t want to think about that anymore. It’s over now and all that matters is that we’re still together,” I said, leaning my head on his arm.
“But I have to think about it, Isis. I’m the one that caused it. Don’t you see what might have happened that afternoon if Gabriel had struck me in front of all those people?”
The anxiety I had sensed in David and his brothers that afternoon with Gabriel was now so clear to me. They knew what could have happened if Gabriel had decided to take a swing at David. There would have been no way to save him. Everyone around us would have witnessed those parasitic larvae devour him whole. I shuddered as visions of my decomposed arm ran through my head.
“I understand now,” I said.
“What you must think of me… I’m nothing short of a monster or a freak.”
“No. I don’t think any of that.” I cupped David’s face with my hand. “I love you.” 
 David pulled me close to him.
“I’ve waited so long for those three words,” he said. “I’ve loved you for so long.”
 David applied pressure to my waist, pushing me back against the couch. Ever so gently, he kissed each feature on my face. The warmth of his breath traveled along my neck and across my shoulder. His spicy scent was stronger than usual. One of his hands found its way to the back of my knee, creating sweet, rippling waves that coursed through me like electricity. 
I did nothing short of attack him. I dove into him with a kiss so deep and hard that I felt my lips begin to swell within seconds. His shoulder muscles tightened under my touch, and for a moment, our entangled limbs refused to part. I felt David’s hot hand slip under my shirt. His fingers caressed my stomach, making my breath hitch, my skin tingle. The sudden noise of a car’s engine in the driveway broke into our private moment.
“My mom’s home,” I said, blushing. I had somehow pinned him to the couch.
David looked at me wide eyed. I saw the color drain from his face when we heard the doorknob turning, and I jumped off the couch. 
“Hi kids, sorry I’m so late,” Claire said, as she walked in. “The meeting went on and on. Let me freshen up, and I’ll be right down so we can leave.” She stopped at the third step up and looked down at me. “Did you light a candle or something? It smells good in here.”
I shook my head. 
Claire shrugged, then climbed the stairs and left us. 
David put his arms around me. “I would’ve been embarrassed to have been caught in such a compromising situation. Promise me you won’t ever kiss me like that again.” 
I crossed my fingers behind my back and nodded.
***
At the restaurant, about half way through the meal, Claire asked about David’s father. David replied that his father was a shoe sales man.
Claire’s mouth dropped.
“You don’t believe me,” he said. “My father—Alezzander—owns shoe manufacturing companies in Greece and Italy where my family has lived on and off through the years. Most of my father’s time is spent traveling abroad for business affairs. ”
Claire was impressed. She was even more impressed when David told her how many languages he spoke—seven, including English and Spanish.
Then David did something that neither Claire nor I expected.
“Mrs. Martin,” he started, “I’d like to ask your permission to court your daughter. Now, I realize that you may think my asking might be all too premature since Isis and I have only known each other for a short period; however, I assure you that my intentions are sincere.”
I choked on my lemonade. If the year had been 1823, I would have conformed to the time’s practices. However, being that Women’s Lib had been around for a while now, I would not have this. Plus, I was almost eighteen; I didn’t need my mother’s permission to have a boyfriend.
Mom chuckled.
“Yes, you may court my daughter, David,” she said. “That is just the sweetest thing I’ve ever heard. I’ll have to tell Nyx what a good job she’s done teaching you all this properness.”
“It’s an old custom in my culture. It’s done out of respect for both the girl to be courted and her parents,” David explained.
“My grandmother believed in that custom.” Claire poured a packet of sugar into her iced tea. “Nothing earns high marks like good ol’ fashioned respect.” 
Seeing how pleased they both were, I decided to keep my mouth shut. After all, it was really sweet of him to consider my mom.
I was shocked when, after David left us, Claire didn’t bombard me with questions. I guessed that David had done a good job of settling all her doubts with the whole “permission to court your daughter” thing.
I got ready for bed and remembered about all the missed events on my phone. There was no putting it off; I was going to have to deal with it now.
The voicemails all said the same thing: “Isis, I need to talk to you. Please answer your phone.” The text messages were the same also, with the exception of two: “Who’s that guy that keeps hanging around?” and “Don’t I mean anything to you?”
I held the phone in my hand knowing I had to get it over with as soon as possible, but I lacked a foolproof plan to convince Gabriel to stop pursuing me.
If I told Gabriel that David was my boyfriend, he might be tempted to pick a fight with David again. However, since Gabriel had seen David and me in what seemed like an intimate moment, I couldn’t lie and say we were only friends. I’d have to figure it out as I went along.
I dialed Gabriel’s number and crossed my fingers, a big part of me hoping he wouldn’t answer. But he did answer; loud music was blaring in the background accompanied by shrills of laughter.
“Gabriel?” I said after several seconds of noise but no answer.
“I knew you’d call me,” he yelled over the din. “Can I come over?”
“No! Don’t you dare.” 
“Can I come over tomorrow?”
“No! I don’t want to see you. The only reason I’m returning your calls is to tell you that I want you to stop calling and texting me. It’s over. I don’t know how to make that any clearer. I’ve practically spelled it out for you.”
“Isis…” The background noise grew softer, like he had moved away from the party. “I’m not happy. I feel like everyone’s abandoned me, including you. Sometimes, I just want to…” 
There was a long pause.
“You want to what?” I still felt compassion for him. For three years, he had been my best friend. I couldn’t leave him alone at his lowest. It just didn’t feel right, but I had no other choice.
“Never mind. I’ll talk to you later.”
“Gabriel, don’t call me. I’m not going to answer.”
“Hello?”
“Did you hear what I just said?”
 “What? I can’t hear you. They keep yelling your name,” he raised his voice.
I pulled the phone from my ear and looked at it. I couldn’t hear anyone besides him screaming on the line. 
“Who’s yelling?” I asked confused.
“Bye, Isis.”
“Wait! Who’s—” I stopped talking because I heard the click where the call had ended.
I felt bad for Gabriel. I knew what it was like to feel alone and have no one understand you. I went through that when my dad died. I couldn’t talk to Claire because she was devastated, and none of my friends understood what it was like to lose a parent. My dad took a large part of me with him. These were different circumstances, however. I hoped deep in my heart that Gabriel sought out the help he needed.
***
March 15, 10:17 P.M.
The irony of life is to realize that you live only to die.
There I lay, deteriorating by the fault of my own hand. My unwillingness to listen placed me in that tomb.
Life is a gift that only the ones that have come to face the direst of situations can appreciate. Whether you live with honor, glory, or disgrace, Death will come without warning. She arrives at the hour that best suits her⎯wearing no cloak, carrying no weapon. She steals the breath and interrupts the beating of the pulse without prejudice.
Today, I’m alive, by the grace of God and the gods themselves because they had within their reach the power to negate her.
***
The rest of the week was nothing less than amazing. Gabriel stopped calling, and David and I couldn’t have been happier about it. But deep in that place where I shut out the unpleasant things in my life, there was something that tugged at me⎯worry for Gabriel.
***
“Tomorrow’s Saturday,” David said as we walked through the hallway on our way to the cafeteria. “You must be eager to see your friends.”
“Yup. I’m excited to catch up with them. I hope you’ll like them.”
“I’m sure I will. I have something to ask of you.”
I stopped in the middle of the hallway to listen.
“My father will be visiting, and I’d like you to meet him. He’ll be in town only for a couple of days. Do you think you can spare Monday afternoon?”
“Yeah… Of course.”
Though things were developing fast, I felt like our relationship was reaching another level of seriousness. Everything was happening at the right time. My worry about the dilemma with the Doctrinal Laws was still alive, however. I was afraid that David’s father would have a problem accepting our relationship.
“Does your father approve of us?” I asked.
“That’s something I wanted to mention. He doesn’t know.”
“What?” I felt my neck tense. “He’s going to kill you.”
“No, he won’t. I have my family’s support. He’ll listen to reason.”
***
School let out early for the Spring Festival Parade and the carnival. None of our entourage would be attending the parade.
Andy, Bill, David, and I decided to go to the movies.
I noticed David was more relaxed when his brothers weren’t around. I couldn’t blame him. I didn’t like feeling like I was being babysat either.
We watched a corny teen romance movie. Andy and I loved it. Bill fell asleep during the film. David said it lacked poetic intelligence and a lot of passion, but that overall it was okay. I disagreed and argued my point.
“The storyline was awesome,” I said.
“The dialogue was awful.”
“Not every line in a story has to be unforgettable, you know?”
“No, but the greatest stories have lines you can never forget. I bet you can’t quote a single line from that movie.”
I tried hard to think of a line. I wasn’t going to let him win an argument as simple as this one. 
“I do remember one,” I said. 
“Let’s hear it.”
“‘The End’.”
He laughed.  
***
Claire’s Toyota was parked in the driveway when David and I reached the house. I invited him in, but he said he had some things to do before he was free for the weekend. It was always related to Somnium, so I didn’t bother to ask. I did, however, ask how he could be there and here at the same time. He compared it to multitasking. I’ll probably never understand that.
When I got inside, Claire was seated in the living room staring blankly at the television.
“Hi,” I said hugging her and kissing her cheek. “How’d your day go?”
“Fine.” Her face was deep in thought.
“You okay?” 
She reached over, taking the TV remote and turning the television off. “Sit down.” She patted the sofa. “I went to visit my doctor today.”
“Are you sick?” 
“No, I’m in tip-top shape, but we did have a talk.” She pressed her lips together.
“About what?”
“You.”
“But I’m not sick either.”
My mom reached for her purse and pulled out a case that looked like a cosmetic compact. She opened it. Inside was a circle made up of little pink pills with numbers on them.
“Mother, are those what I think they are?” 
Claire nodded. “I asked her for some pills for you to consider taking, Isis.”
“What? I can’t believe you did that. We’ve talked about this, Mom. I don’t need those!”
“I said consider it. I’m not obligating you to take them. I just want you to be ready when that time comes, honey. Please don’t think I don’t trust you. I’m trying to protect you. I know how personal a topic this is to be discussing with your mother. I had to live through it with mine. I’m every bit as uncomfortable as you are.” She walked over to me and handed me the compact. “Keep it. Use it if and when you’re ready, and I’ll never ask you if you do or don’t take them.” She searched through her purse and pulled out a business card. “You can make an appointment if you need some more. I won’t bother you with the subject again. I’ve done all a mother can do, and I’ve been as nosey as I can, and I’m sorry about that.”
Claire walked up the stairs and left me holding the birth control pills in one hand and a doctor’s business card in the other. I didn’t know if I should be angry or embarrassed. Maybe both.
I climbed the stairs and went into my room. I shut the door and opened the compact to look at the round pastel colored pills. I snapped them shut and shoved the case to the back of my underwear drawer along with the doctor’s business card.
I wondered why Claire never tried to convince me to take those kinds of pills when I was with Gabriel. Maybe she thought I was too young then. Maybe she saw the way I looked at David as opposed to Gabriel. I had noticed it in myself. 
***
The night had a bit of a chill to it. I was so excited to see Krystle and Patrick at the Spring Festival carnival. Andy, Krystle, Sheila, and I shrieked when we saw each other at the gate. 
I introduced David to them. Patrick was shocked that I had a boyfriend already. He didn’t say it, but I could see it in his face.
“Where can I get one of those?” Sheila asked, nudging me. Krystle wanted to know that, too.
“Well, as a matter of fact,” I said in a loud voice. “I’m sure Andy can tell you.” 
“Shush!” Krystle said. “I didn’t drive five hours to hear Billy goat have a bleating fit.”
We laughed.
“Well, if you know where to find more,” Sheila said, raising her hand, “I call dibs. Sorry, Krystle.”
“You’re so selfish!” Krystle pushed Sheila playfully.
***
We had the best time on the carnival rides. The Ferris wheel was my favorite. I got to ride with David—alone.
“You know we’re supposed to make-out on this ride, right?” I said.
David chuckled. “We are?”
“Yes, all the cool kids are doing it.”
“You’re resorting to peer pressure?”
I nodded. “Is it working?”
“Yes,” he said, holding me tight against him. He gently took my lips in his. His breath was warm and steady. His sandalwood scent radiated from within him, and his sweet, tender kisses made me forget where I was.
“You’re a bad influence,” he said. “I think I like that.”
***
I spent Sunday helping Claire with the housework, and then took a long shower. David picked me up in the afternoon to accompany Nyx and him on a shopping excursion to an outlet mall in a nearby city.
That woman could shop! I thought I liked retail therapy, but she took the cake. I was so tired of walking in the heat that I finally sat on a bench and asked David if he thought Nyx would be much longer.
“We’ll have to drag her out by the hair,” he said.
“Ohmygosh,” I said, letting my head fall back. “I can’t take this anymore. I need air conditioning, a shower, and a diet soda.”
“I’ll let her know we’re leaving with or without her.”
***
As soon as I got home, I hit the shower. I wondered if David ever smelled bad. He always smelled so good to me.
I had a slight headache from being out in the sun all afternoon, and my feet were killing me. I massaged the soles of my feet and took a couple of pills to lessen the pain. I kicked the covers to the floor, popped in my earphones and scrolled through my iPod playlists. Classical genre was the proper choice for the evening.
As I lay in bed, I remembered that tomorrow I would meet David’s father. I had a bad feeling in the pit of my stomach. I attributed it to nerves. 
I listened to each piano note played in Beethoven’s Moonlight Sonata. My eyes started closing, and my breathing became deep and steady. The melody carried me into a profound sleep.



My yellow spring dress was too wrinkled to wear, and the other two dresses I had contemplated wearing were at the cleaners. David, punctual as he was, would arrive in ten minutes, and I still hadn’t chosen an outfit to meet his dad. Not that I needed to look extraordinary, but making a good first impression wouldn’t hurt, considering the news he was about to receive. 
I was starting to sweat just thinking about how David’s father would react. What if he didn’t accept our relationship? I’d be devastated if he asked David to remove himself from my life. I applied an extra layer of deodorant.
I glanced at my phone. There were only five minutes left until David would ring the doorbell. I looked over the outfits I thought were halfway decent and threw them on my bed. David was going to have to wait.
Seeing my options were limited, I decided to play the simple girl and threw on a pair of jeans and a nice shirt. I accessorized with the first pair of earrings I found and slipped on a pair of my most fashionable wedge heels. I was ready to meet Mr. Chios, the shoe salesman/deity. I wondered if he’d check out my shoes.
When I glanced at the time, it was four o’clock on the dot; the doorbell rang. I was faster than I imagined.
David looked stressed when I answered the door. We both were.
“Do we have to tell him?” I asked, looking out the window as we drove past the last of the houses in town.
“It’s the responsible thing to do. I’ve gained his respect by being honest with him through the years.” He rubbed my arm with his hand in a comforting gesture. “Besides, it’s not like I can hide what I feel for you.”
***
Eryx swung the door open as David reached for the knob. His expression was uneasy.
“Has he arrived?” David asked Eryx.
“He has, and in good humor, might I add. Let’s see how long that lasts.”
David’s mouth tightened. “And Mother?”
“She’s with him. He’s asked about you, but we haven’t broached the subject, as you requested.” Eryx led the way out of the foyer and into the formal living room. “I’ll let them know you’ve arrived.”
I sighed.
“Are you nervous?” David squeezed my hand.
“Very,” I said. “He’s going to kill the both of us.”
David grinned nervously. “I doubt that.”
We sat in silence in the living room where only a few days ago I had almost lost my life. My stomach started to churn as the images flashed through my head. I took deep breaths to settle myself.
The silence made the wait seem eternal. 
David and I glanced at each other as we heard several footsteps on the staircase. I felt David’s hand tremble a little as he held mine.
Alezzander was a tall blond man, handsome and athletic. Galen looked a little like him. I could tell he wasn’t a man to be reckoned with. The way he looked at me scared me—as crude a word as it is—shitless. 
“Father…” David rose to greet him. They shook hands and patted each other on the back.
“Dahveed, you’ve brought a guest.” Alezzander’s voice was deep with a strong accent. Latin, I presumed.
David took me by the hand and presented me to his father. “This is Isis Martin.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, sir.” I extended my sweaty hand.
Alezzander extended his hand as well, but instead of reaching for my hand, he took the Star Crest that hung over my chest and ripped the cord from my neck with one quick tug. His nostrils flared and his brow creased. 
“What’s the meaning of this?” 
“I’ve gifted her, Father,” David said coolly.
Alezzander’s neck turned red. A thick vein that hadn’t been there before appeared on his forehead.
“It’s not as it seems.” Nyx took Alezzander by the arm. “She’s not as she appears. Look deeper, much deeper.”
Alezzander’s stare penetrated me. I felt chills as his green eyes met mine. He threw the star at David’s feet. David gave him an angry look as he bent to lift the Star Crest from the ground.
Without warning, Alezzander grabbed my throat. I gasped and fought to release his hands. 
“Release her!” David tried to pry his father’s grip from my neck. “She’ll suffocate at your hand!”
Alezzander pushed him away.
“Father… Father, release her! She’s fragile!” Galen shouted from across the room.
“No, Alezzander!” Nyx cried. “Stop!”
Alezzander released his hold on me. I fell to the floor gasping and wheezing, my eyes watering. I didn’t understand his reaction or the significance of the charm that David had given me. I wanted to run out of there, but I couldn’t catch my breath.
“Tell me who this thing,” Alezzander pointed to me, “belongs to.” 
“I only know her mother, but she’s human. Her father’s the mystery,” Nyx said, pulling Alezzander away from me by the arms.
Eryx and David helped me up, off the floor, and to the couch.
David’s hands were balled into white fists at his sides. “Apologize, Father. You have no right to treat her this way.” 
Alezzander took a step toward David. “You should be apologizing to me. Don’t you know there’s no remedy to the consequences you’ve brought onto yourself or your family? You repay my efforts to educate you, to raise you, to lead you in the right direction with this?”
“It’s my life, not yours,” David said.
Alezzander stepped between David and me and grabbed me by the face. “Who are your parents?” 
I squirmed, trying to free myself, but his grip was too tight, hurting when I moved.
“Leave her!” David said, slapping his father’s hand away.
Alezzander’s emitted a loud growl⎯an honest-to-God, beastly growl. 
I whimpered.
 “Please answer him,” Nyx urged me.
“My mother is Claire Martin, and my father was Hector Martin,” I cried. “Why are you doing this to me?”
“You know full well, you half breed. Did you think you’d go unnoticed? I spare you now only because this fool,” he pointed to David, “has given you his life. But we can easily change that. Can’t we, Dahveed?” 
Nyx stood between Alezzander and me. “They don’t know. She’s not aware of anything. She shows no sign of it.”
 “Why have you kept this to yourself, my wife? You know the penalty for conspiring.”
“I do, my husband… but it’s our son we’re speaking of.” 
“What don’t we know?” David asked. His face was filled with anger. He held me in a protective embrace as Alezzander approached me.
“Have you taken her as your pet… this bastard mutt?” Alezzander asked.
“I won’t allow you to speak of her this way.” David’s hands were in tight fists at his sides.
“Your Creatura has no father. She’s a bastard little beast that I’ll put to sleep like a wretched dog, after you’ve retaken what’s yours.”
“What?” David gasped. “You’re wrong. She’s not. She can’t be Creatura.”
“She is Creatura, David,” Nyx said. “But she won’t be harmed.”
“Are you compromising yourself on this… this filthy animal’s behalf?” Alezzander asked Nyx.
David looked at me with astonishment and disbelief. I stared back at him in the same manner.
“I am,” Nyx said. “She’s different. She’s not like the others. She’s as normal as any human on this planet.”
“Isis?” David said.
“I don’t know what they’re talking about,” I told him.
“That explains the dimensional travel.” Galen glanced between David and me.
Alezzander gripped David’s arm. “Take back what’s yours, Dahveed. I won’t sit and watch as you transform into whatever this excrement of hell is.”
“I won’t take it from her, and stop addressing her in such an offensive manner. I don’t want to disrespect you.”
“I’m not giving you a choice, boy. I’m commanding you to do so. Then, I’ll deal with her, myself.” Alezzander’s eyes met mine.
“No,” David said firmly.
“I’m ordering you!”
“No!” 
Alezzander raised his hand and swung it back.
“Alezzander!” Nyx called before he could strike David.
The twins moved between Alezzander and us.
“She’s given me her love,” David said.
“The mange is what she’s given you,” Alezzander sneered.
“There’s no need for that, Father,” Eryx said calmly. “You forget we’re not children anymore. We’re able to make our own decisions—or mistakes—without your permission.”
“This is a case of Doctrinal matter, not personal affection. I won’t stand for it. And this girl has no business being alive. When I find her father, I’ll make sure he feels the wrath of the laws. And as for you,” Alezzander pointed to David, “you have no place in this family anymore.”
“Your actions have certainly spoken for you today, Alezzander,” Nyx said. “You’re not the man I married. You’ve become nothing less than a brute, unable to reason and unconcerned for your own. You’re the one that has no place in this family. The door is open—leave.”
“You don’t mean that.” Alezzander’s eyes widened. “I’m the head of this family.”
“Leave.” Nyx’s tone was stern. “I won’t have any of my children deprived of their happiness. You’ve been cruel and a savage to this poor girl. That’s not our way, Alezzander. That’s not our doctrine.”
Alezzander’s jaw clenched as he turned his back on all of us. He walked out of the room and ascended the stairs instead of leaving. We heard a door slam shut on the second floor.
Everyone was silent.
“David, why does he want me to give back the Star Crest? Tell me the truth.”
“Do you remember the story I told you of Deus and Starr?” David asked as he touched my face, wiping away the moisture that my tears had left.
“What does that have to do with…?” My jaw dropped as I remembered the story and his question about growing old together. “What did you do?”
“The Star Crest is no longer within me. I’ll become as you are. We’ll both be Creatura.”
“You… Why did you do that?” I cried. “I don’t even know what I am.”
“I don’t care.” David cupped my face. “I only know I want to be with you for as long as this life will allow.”
“You aren’t immortal anymore? You gave your life for me?”
David was silent. I looked at the others, but no one was willing to speak.
“Answer me!”
“I’ve renounced the life I had. My transformation will be slow.”
“But… I… How am I Creatura if both my parents are human?” 
“No, dear,” Nyx said. “I’m afraid the man you knew as your father was not your biological father.”
“That can’t be.” I shook my head.
“If your mother is human,” Nyx rubbed her hands, “then your father isn’t. It’s the only possible explanation. There’s no other way that you can be Creatura.”
Galen began to pace behind his mother. Eryx sat on the arm of the sofa, his arms crossed.
“Your mother has never mentioned any of this to you?” David asked.
“Never.” How could Claire keep something like this from me? I felt like I had lost my identity. I didn’t know my real father, and I didn’t even know what species I was.
We heard Alezzander descending the stairs. I cringed. 
“David, I want to go home,” I said.
“Yes,” David agreed.
Alezzander arrived at the door of the formal living room, glancing for a brief second at his wife.
 “Isis,” Alezzander said. “I’ve realized that you’re not at fault for the actions of your parents.
“I can’t live without my family. If accepting you is the way to keep them, then so be it, but with one condition: you must tell me who your father is. I need to deal with him personally. He’s the one that’s shattered the principles of the Doctrine.”
“I don’t know who he is,” I said, not looking at him. “Are you going to kill him?”
“That isn’t up to me to decide. The Council must make judgment of that, and then pass their votes to Deus who has the final say.”
I stared at him. “Please don’t do that. Please don’t turn him over to your Council.”
“Why would you plead on behalf of a father that’s abandoned you? Do you think he’d do the same for you?”
“I don’t know, but he’s my father. It doesn’t matter what he would do for me. What matters is what I feel is right.”
“I don’t want my family compromised. Conspiring is a death sentence as far as this matter is concerned. You’re not supposed to exist. Do you understand that?”
I nodded.
“Once the Council learns of this, I can’t protect you… but I can buy time because you were born human and undetectable,” Alezzander said. “I won’t even hold my breath for your father. He must come forth and face the Council. His act is unpardonable.”
“Surely there’s something in the law that provides sanctuary for him—for her father?” David asked.
“I’m afraid not,” Alezzander said. “He’ll be tried and penalized with the harshest of verdicts.”
“No one but us knows about this,” I said. “The Council doesn’t have to know either.”
Alezzander was silent for a moment.
“For my son’s sake, I won’t go to the Council with this. But I’ll deny knowing you if that’s what I have to do to save my own flesh and blood. It’s the best I can offer you.”
“Thank you, Father.” David tightened his embrace on me. “I’ll do my best to keep the situation quiet. If for some reason the Council learns of this, I’ll serve as advocate for her father and for her.”
“But who will be advocate for you, my son?” Alezzander asked. “If they find out about Isis and her father, surely, they’ll know about you.”
“I will,” Galen said, to my surprise. 
“And I,” Eryx said.
Alezzander glanced between Galen and Eryx, his mouth in a tight line. Then he looked at David again.
“Words can’t describe my opposition to this, Dahveed. But you’re a grown man and responsible for your own actions.” Alezzander took a seat on the couch next to me. “And you, girl, you’re undetectable even to a Primitus, as myself. I had to strain to find the most minimal sign of difference in you. I pray that my son will be undetectable, too, or you both will be in grave danger.”
“What’s a Primitus?” I asked David.
“They’re the first generation of gods to care for humans,” David said.
“Are you the son of Deus and Starr?” I asked Alezzander.
“We are all sons of Deus.”
“By blood, are you the son of Deus?” I asked again.
“By blood,” he answered, “we are all the sons of Deus.”
The room was silent for a few minutes. Nyx was still upset over the earlier happenings. I was upset too, but I needed answers to so many things.
“What am I?” I asked Nyx.
“Different.” Nyx answered. “You have the ability to control your subconscious. I can sense a long life within you, but I don’t know if you’re immortal. I see you fragile, yet fierce… and you’re changing, Isis—on your coming of age.”
“Changing?” I gasped.
“When will that be?” David asked.
“I don’t know.” Nyx looked at me with a blank stare, reading me. Then she walked over to Alezzander and slapped him. The sharp snap of skin against skin bounced off the walls.
“You deserve more than that. She’s terrified of you, and I’m ashamed.” She left the room, her eyes reddening.
Alezzander followed. I could hear arguing coming from the kitchen in Latin.
“I think I should leave now. I’ve had enough for today. I can’t deal with this.” I began to cry. “And I’m changing? Into what? I don’t understand.”
“I think you should stay. Rest in my room until you’ve calmed down and your head is clear before you go home and interrogate your mother. You should be inconspicuous in your approach to ask for information about your biological father. You shouldn’t mention how you discovered the truth.”
“But I don’t—want to be—in—the same house—as your father,” I confessed, between ragged gasps and sobs.
“Come here.” David kissed my forehead. “I won’t ever let anyone hurt you again. 
“I’m sorry for my father’s behavior. He’s not a savage, I assure you. He’s just concerned for our wellbeing. He thought you were an abomination.”
“He treated me like an animal,” I said. “He’s a horrible person.”
“He seems that way now, but believe me, he’s not that bad.”
“Pfff,” Eryx hissed.
“I just want to go home,” I said, continuing to weep.
“Isis,” Galen said. “I think you should take David’s advice and settle your emotions before leaving. You don’t want to cause panic in your mother.”
I accepted Galen’s reasoning.
“I’ll take you to my room. You won’t be disturbed there.” David held me under his arm and led me up the stairs.
We sat on his bed. He wiped tears from under my eyes. “Would you like a drink?”
“No.” I hugged him. “What I want is to know who I am.”
“You’re exactly the same Isis you were before.” He kissed my eyes. “You haven’t changed.”
“Maybe my name is the same, but everything else has changed for me.” I sobbed into his chest. “Who’s my father? Why did my mother keep this from me?”
I suddenly had a thought. I sniffed and gazed at David. “Do you think he—my real father—did the same thing you did with the Star Crest?”
“No, precious. That’s not the case. You would’ve been born fully human.”
“What am I, David?” I held my hands over my eyes. “Am I turning into something hideous?”
“No. The ones that were abominations were born as such. You don’t resemble them in the slightest.”
“Why would she keep this from me?” I hit the bed with my fist. “She made my father believe I was his daughter, or maybe… maybe he knew and kept it from me too? How am I supposed to live without knowing what I am?” 
“I realize you’re overwhelmed. I’m here for you. I always will be.”
I held on to him with all my strength and began to sob again. My face was nestled into his neck, my tears wetting his skin and shirt collar. I could smell his unique scent and it soothed me. 
“Why didn’t you tell me what the Star Crest meant when you gave it to me?” I asked, still breathing him in.
“You wouldn’t have accepted it. I was desperate—a fool in love.” His fingers made comforting circular patterns on my back. “There was no other way.”
“Do you think my mother knows about me?” 
“No, and don’t mention this to her. It only compromises her and all of us more.”
“How could you give up your immortality for me?” 
“Since the first time I saw you, I knew my life was yours. I would sacrifice everything for you.”
I placed my hand on the back of his head, running my fingers through his dark hair. He closed the gap between us, pressing his lips against mine.
Nyx knocked on the door to David’s room. “Am I interrupting?”
“No, Mother. Come in.” David smiled shyly.
I wondered how long she’d been standing there before she decided to knock.
“Isis, Alezzander would like to speak to you and David alone.”
“Is he going to strangle me again?” I asked.
“I’m sorry that happened. He thought you were something else. He had no idea that you were so normal. He’d like to make his apology now. Will you have him?”
David stared at me, awaiting my response. I was reluctant to accept, but for David’s sake, I would do it.
“Yes,” I said.
Alezzander was already at the doorway when I gave my answer. He walked to the bed and knelt on one knee.
“I’ve hurt you both physically and emotionally. I’ve used horrible words to disrespect you. I was hasty to judge,” Alezzander said. “Please accept my sincerest apologies. I kneel before you as the most significant form of symbolism for repentance. I’ve knelt before no one under these circumstances.”
“You call yourself a father and a god—a protector of the human race,” I said, shaking my head. “You don’t deserve those titles. You have no respect for your family or for those you’re supposed to care for—such as me. If the only reason you’re doing this is to please Nyx, then you keep your apology. I don’t need it.”
David’s eyes widened as he gazed at me. Alezzander lowered his head.
“I realize where your anger is coming from. I ask that you reconsider. I won’t rise from here until you’ve accepted my apology.”
“He’s not feigning, Isis. Hypocrisy isn’t a trait of his,” David said.
“He owes you an apology, too.” I held my ground.
“And I’ll give them all my apologies,” Alezzander promised. “But you’re the one I am beholden to.”
Alezzander kept his knee to the floor. His back was straight like a Templar waiting to be knighted; he waited for my forgiveness.
David tightened his hold on my hand. “You don’t have to accept. He’ll have to live with the remorse.”
“It’s not in my nature to hold grudges. It makes for an ugly personality.”
“What are you saying?”
“I forgive you,” I told Alezzander. “And I apologize for my words also. It’s bad manners to speak to your elders in that fashion. I was taught better than that.”
Alezzander’s face was serious. “May I stand now?”
“Why would you ask me that?”
“Out of respect,” David said. “He won’t rise until you approve.”
“Please, stand up.” I felt ashamed of being ignorant of their customs. I was suddenly aware of the magnitude of humiliation the act of kneeling before me was to them. David had done it, too, but privately. It took guts for Alezzander to do this before his son and wife. And I was no one, really.
After Alezzander apologized to his family, we sat down to eat, but no one had an appetite.
 Alezzander questioned me about such small details as my abilities to travel to Somnium. He was curious about my parents and complimented me on my looks. That was awkward.
“Do you take after your mother?” 
“No, I look nothing like her.” 
“She’s quite beautiful, your mother,” Nyx noted, “but you’re right; you bear no resemblance to her.”
Near midnight, David drove me home. I was sure Claire would be fast asleep. She had to work the next day.
David pecked my lips under the porch light.
“Don’t leave,” I pleaded with him. “I don’t want to be alone.”
“My lovely, these aren’t visiting hours. I’m surprised your mother didn’t call to reprimand you for being so late.”
“She knew I’d be with you and your parents. She had no reason to call. Besides, she didn’t give me a curfew tonight.”
David tilted his head and gazed at me. “How soon are you planning to confront her?”
“Tomorrow, I think. But I don’t know how to do it.”
“It doesn’t have to be that soon. You can wait until the time is right. Rest and it’ll come to you.” 
“But I need to know,” I said. “Would you be able to live with the mystery?” 
“No, I suppose not.” He peeled my arms off him. “Isis, I have to go. It’s past midnight already. Do you think it appropriate for us be out here this late? What will your mother think?”
“Party pooper.”
“That I am,” he said. “Time for little girls to go to bed.”
I took the house key out of one of my pants pocket. I turned the knob and opened the door.
“Night,” I said.
“Wait.” David pulled me back onto the patio. He took me by the waist, pinned me against the wall, and kissed me hard. “Good night.”
Breathless, I walked in the house.
***
I lay awake for several hours, crying and thinking about how it was that I had never once noticed how different I looked from Claire. I probably looked like my father—whoever he was. What if I was adopted? What if Claire wasn’t my mother? I had so many questions.
***
When I woke up Claire was gone, which was a good thing because my face was puffy from crying so much. It was almost noon when I headed downstairs. She had left me some money on the kitchen counter under an empty can of diet soda. That was her subtle attempt to tell me to buy more.  
I grabbed a pastry bar from the cupboard and headed upstairs again. I stood at her bedroom door and stared at the nightstand where I knew she kept all her important papers and photographs. Could it be that somewhere in there would be a hint of who my father was?
I looked through all the legal documents with my name on them. I found my birth certificate where I was registered as the daughter of Hector Martin and Claire Ann Martin. Everything looked legitimate.
Old photographs of my father, Hector, and me—of when I was born—were tucked in an envelope along with our—Claire’s and mine—hospital bracelets. I didn’t look like my dad, Hector, either. I always thought I had inherited his green eyes. I was wrong.
I found some old photos of Claire during her pregnancy. My theory about being adopted was wrong, too. But was Hector aware that I wasn’t his daughter? He had been a wonderful father to me in spite of his imperfections.
Nothing out of the ordinary turned up in the nightstand.
I remembered a box that Claire kept at the far corner of her closet. That box held some documents along with pictures, too. I ran downstairs for the stepladder and brought it up.
I fetched the box and placed it on the floor. I opened it and started pulling out papers: house insurance documents, old receipts, Claire’s associate’s degree from the University of Texas—I took my time reading each document, looking for a name or a clue that would help me decipher my origins.
Just as I was about to put everything back in the box, I noticed a yellow legal size envelope taped to the bottom. I opened the clasp and reached in. There was a letter addressed to Claire with one single sentence typed out: For your troubles. It wasn’t signed. I put my hand in the yellow envelope’s opening again and found an envelope postmarked in a language I didn’t recognize, but the date was clear enough to make out. It was about a month after my father had passed.
“Isis.” Claire startled me. “What are you doing?”
“What’s this?” I held up both the envelope and letter.
“Where did you get that?” 
“From where you had it hidden. Why was it hidden?”
“It’s nothing. Put it away,” she said and hurried out of the room
“Mom!” I followed her. “Tell me what this is.”
“It’s nothing. What are you doing digging in my stuff for?”
“Am I adopted?” 
Claire’s eyes widened. “Have you been talking to Eva?”
“Yes,” I lied, hoping she’d talk. “She told me some things.” 
“What did she tell you?” 
“Everything. She told me not to tell you.”
“Oh my God,” Claire said and walked back into her room. “Honey, I was going to tell you, but I just… I didn’t know how. I was so scared you’d hate me for keeping it from you. I feel terrible that you had to find out this way.”
“Tell me what happened.” I folded my arms and sat on the bed waiting for an explanation.
“Okay. Where to start?” She put her hand on her forehead and paced around the room.
“I was seventeen,” she said. “I had broken up with your father—with Hector—a week earlier. My parents and I went on a fishing trip that afternoon to a lake. I was debating on whether or not to go back to him. I had caught him talking to one of his friends about wanting to date this girl at school that everyone knew was a sure thing, in boys’ terms.
“I walked away from the fishing area and decided to go on a short walk by myself around the forest. It was a desolate, long trail—wild green plants growing everywhere. Just beautiful.
“I sang to myself and picked a few flowers. I thought I was alone. Then, I saw him sitting under a mesquite tree.
“Oh God… he was so handsome, Isis.” She sighed. “Anyway, we started to talk. He asked my name, but being that I was mesmerized, I didn’t bother to ask for his. He was about twenty years old and a devastatingly beautiful creature. When he spoke, I heard every syllable that came out of his mouth. When he looked at me, he stole my breath. 
“Then he kissed me, and I was a lost cause in his arms. I’ve never felt that way about anyone since then.
“About three weeks later I started feeling sick. I thought I was coming down with the flu, but the symptoms persisted for days. My mother started to worry and took me to the doctor. They drew blood for some lab work.” She stopped.
“And then?” I said.
“I was pregnant.” She paused, looking at the floor. “Pregnant with you—with that boy’s child, whose name or identity I didn’t know. I was a virgin. I had never been with Hector, but my parents automatically assumed you were his.” Claire took an uneven breath and wiped a tear from her eye.
“Hector was so upset when I told him. He said he’d kill him if he ever found him. I told him my parents thought the baby was his. He said he still loved me, and that he’d take full responsibility, and we were married two months later. 
”Eva was the only person who knew the truth. She accepted you and me.”
Tears streaming down my face, I held up the letter and asked, “So, what is this?”
“I received that letter with a check of a sizeable amount after Hector passed away. I used it to pay off the mortgage and some bills that I knew I couldn’t handle on my own. I used the rest for my school; and what little was left over I put in the bank for a rainy day.
“There was no return address… only the check and those words typewritten on the paper. I tried to find out the origin of the postmark but came up blank. I thought it was him that sent it, and that’s why I kept it.”
Claire wiped her tears from her face. “Do you hate me?” 
I couldn’t speak. I couldn’t believe my biological father’s identity was a mystery even to my mother. The way she described him was exactly as I felt about David. There was no doubt about it. My father was a deity.
“I don’t hate you, Mom.” I hugged her. “In an ironic way, I understand you.”
“I have to call Eva to tell her.” Claire reached for the phone.
“Mom, no.” I set the phone down. “I didn’t talk to Grands at all. I lied.”
“But why did you ask me if you were adopted?” Claire asked.
“Because I found it odd that I don’t look at all like you or dad,” I lied, yet again. “Then I found this letter, and I thought you might have kept it for some important reason.”
“You tricked me? I can’t believe you, Isis!”
“You were going to tell me someday… weren’t you? I should be the angry one here.”
“I know, but you lied to me to make me tell you something very crucial about both our lives. How do you think I feel?”
“Deceived, like I do.” 
Claire lowered her face into her hands and wept. “I’m sorry.”
I stood up and put the box back in the closet. 
“I’ll be in my room,” I said and closed the door behind me.



March 22, 1:33 P.M.
My state of mind is blurred by constant uncertainty. I don’t know who or what I am or what I’ll become.
The only certainty in my life right now is that I’m not my father’s daughter, and yet, I am.
The one that gave me life is an unknown—a ghost in my mother’s past. I’m the byproduct of two distinct breeds. I shouldn’t exist.
***
I called David and asked him to come over. He said he would drop by my house within an hour.
Claire knocked on my door just before I said goodbye to him.
“I’ll see you when you get here. I have to go,” I said softly.
“See you soon, love.”
“Come in, Mom,” I said. There was no sense in being upset with her when she was the only mother I would ever have.
“I have this for you.” Claire handed me an envelope addressed to “Miss Isis Martin”. There was no return address.
“I opened it,” she admitted. “I wasn’t being nosey. I was being protective of my daughter.”
I slid out the letter it held. It was typewritten, like the one addressed to her.
***
Dearest Isis,
I know it’s in great distaste to try to communicate with you through this means after so many years. I’m truly repentant of my absence from your life. I’ve thought of contacting you many times but felt I was in no position to make myself known to you, as your mother chose a good man to take my place.
Although I’m reluctant to reveal my identity to you at the present, I’d like you to know that you never escaped my thoughts.
Leaving your mother under those circumstances has eaten at my core always. I’m sorry if this letter has caused you any pain. I only want to make you aware that you have a father.
Without further ado, I bid you good tidings.
Best Regards
***
“How long have you had this?” I held the paper in my hands, staring at it.
“A week or so.”
“Is this the reason behind your recent melt down?”
“You know it is.”
“You could’ve just told me then. I would’ve preferred you to come clean about it.”
Claire stared at the wall. “I knew this would be hard on you. I didn’t know how to go about it. I was scared of how you’d react. It’s not easy for me either.”
“Are there any more—letters, I mean?” I folded the paper and placed it back in the envelope.
“No. I wish there were.” She turned and faced the door, taking only one step into the hallway. “I don’t know what else to say. I feel like I’ve failed you as a mother.”
“You’re the best mother I could ever wish for. You haven’t failed me in any way—ever.” I walked to her and hugged her.
“Isis, my parents didn’t know about this. Your father, Hector, didn’t want me to tell them. The only one that knew was Eva, and she promised she’d take it to the grave with her. She’s kept her promise. She’s never treated you like you weren’t her own blood.”
Claire stepped back into my room and sat on the edge of the bed.
“You have no idea how difficult it was for me to face her after Hector told her you weren’t his.” She shook her head. “I was against it, but he insisted on telling her when his father threw him out into the street, penniless and with only the shirt on his back.”
“You had never told me that about Grandpa.”
“I didn’t want you to have a bad impression of him. He was a good man. He was just very old fashioned—set in his ways.” I sat next to her on the bed, and Claire put her arm around me. “It wasn’t until you were born that your grandfather came around—you charmed him silly.” 
“Is there anything else I should know?”
“If there were, I wouldn’t hesitate to tell you now—I swear.” She crossed her heart like I used to when I was a little girl.
“If you remember anything else about him—my biological father—do you promise to tell me?”
Claire nodded. 
***
David arrived right as Claire was backing out of the driveway. She waved to him as she drove off.
“Hey, handsome,” I said, standing sheepishly at the door in pajamas.
“Hello.” David pecked me on the cheek. “I was hoping you’d call. Did you speak to your mother?”
I nodded.
“And she told you about your biological father?”
“A little. He’s as much a mystery to my mother as he is to me.”
“How is that possible?” 
I relayed the story to him that my mother had told me. He wasn’t as astounded as I was when I told him Claire didn’t know his name.
“He would’ve used an alias if she had asked,” David said. 
“He sent me a letter.”
“What?” David’s eyes widened in disbelief. “You just told me you didn’t know who he was.”
“I don’t. He didn’t sign it, and there’s no return address.”
“Can I see it?”
“There’s actually two,” I said, walking toward the stairs. “C’mon.” 
“No. Bring them down, please.”
“David…” 
“No,” he repeated sternly. “Out of respect for your mother, please, bring them down.”
“Fine.” I sighed. I didn’t know what the big deal was. It wasn’t like I was going to jump his bones or anything. I blushed at the thought.
I rummaged through the cardboard box in Claire’s room and retrieved her letter, and then ran into my room and took the envelope addressed to me from my bed. I ran down the stairs and handed David my mom’s letter first.
David studied the postmarks on the envelope and tapped the stamp with the back of his finger. “Morocco. May I?” His hand was already in the envelope.
“Yeah.”
“This is it?” He made a face.
“Yes. My mom said that one came with a check.”
“Did she keep a copy?”
“I doubt it. This is the one I wanted you to see.” I handed David the more recent of the two letters. “It came about a week ago, but my mom kept it from me—until today.”
David looked over the stamp. “Turkey.” He frowned.
“Read the letter,” I said.
David unfolded the paper and skimmed over the letter. “He was very vague.” He examined the back of the paper as well.
“I know,” I said with disappointment in my voice.
 “You expected me to find something, didn’t you?”
“I was hoping.” 
“Does this mean you want to find your father?” David voiced the thought that had been dancing in my head.
“Maybe. I dunno. It would be weird.”
“There’s nothing strange about wanting to know who your father is. I would say it’s the most normal reaction you could have. I know I would want to know.”
“But I had a father. No one could ever take his place.”
“I understand, but it’s crucial that we find your biological father, before your coming of age.”
“I’m really changing?”
David nodded.
“How’s that possible?”
“I don’t know, but we need to know your father’s genetic makeup so that we can have an idea of your mutant gene characteristics.”
“You make it sound like I’m some sort of alien specimen.”
“I’m sorry; please, don’t be offended.” David brushed a strand of hair away from my eyes. “Scientifically, there’s no other way to describe your DNA composition. You have to remember that this involves me also.” 
“David, I can’t imagine you as something other than what you are.” I sighed and looked away from him. “If your mother’s right, then I think that you should take back the Star Crest until you see what I truly am. For all I know, I could become some gruesome monster, like the ones you told me about from the wars. I don’t want you to live out your life lamenting your decision.”
“I’ve told you that those creatures were born like that.” He pressed the golden star on my chest. “This is yours to keep. I’m never taking it back.”
David began to unbutton his shirt.
With widened eyes, I took two steps back and used the couch as a barricade. “What are you doing?” 
David stopped at the fourth button down giving me an amused stare. “What do you think I’m doing?” 
I glanced at his unbuttoned shirt.
“I’m sorry to disappoint you, but I’m not that easy. I only want to show you something.”
“Why didn’t you say that before you started ripping your clothes off?” 
“Isis, I’m fully clothed,” he said. “Are you frightened of me again?”
“No… Of me.”
David cocked his brows. “I see.”
We looked at each other in awkwardness. I wondered what he thought of me. 
“What do you have to show me?” I asked.
David opened his shirt revealing a diagonal thick wound with a tiny hollow in the middle of his chest.
“The scaring process has begun.” He ran his finger along the red line.
“What does that mean?”
“I can’t return the Star Crest into my chest. The cavity it was contained in has sealed.”
I walked to him and placed my hand over the lesion. “You mean it’s really irreversible?”
“It had to be this way. If I hadn’t, we could never be together.”
“How were you so sure of what you were doing? What if—what if I’m just a novelty to you?”
“Nothing can change how I feel for you. And you’ll always be a novelty to me.”
I locked my fingers with his. “You know you’re perfect, right?”
“Hardly,” he said. “Sorry to disappoint you again.”
I couldn’t help but glance at his half-open shirt. I placed my hand on the scar and ran my fingers up his neck. I pulled his head down to mine. My lips pressed against his fervently.
David took my hand from behind his head and squeezed it. He pulled away from me. His eyes were wide. He knew I was looking for more than a simple kiss.
“We should show my father the letters,” he said, buttoning his shirt. 
What was wrong with me? All of a sudden, I was a walking hormone. I blushed as David looked at me, and then I turned to look at the floor.
“Did I offend you?” David asked. 
“No,” I mumbled. “I’m embarrassed. I can’t believe myself.”
David bit his bottom lip trying not to show his proud smile. He nestled me against his chest. “If it’s any consolation, I find you very… desirable.”
I embraced him in a tight hug and buried my face in his shirt to hide the crimson color I felt radiating from my neck, face, and ears.
“I have to change out of these pajamas. I’ll be back in a few minutes. I hope your dad finds a clue on one of those letters,” I said.
“Take your time.” He softened his embrace and looked at me with his dreamy blue eyes. 
***
Up in my room, I reached into my drawer for a white tank shirt. When I pulled it out something flew out of the drawer along with it and fell on the floor next to my feet. It was the pack of birth control pills Claire had given me.
I bent over and opened the compact. Should I have listened to my mom and taken the things? I sat on my bed starring at them in silence.
“This is stupid,” I said. I clicked the compact shut and shoved the pink circle back into the drawer, where I would forget about it. I wasn’t ready for that. I was still embarrassed from almost pouncing on David. Why would I even think about taking those pills? Then again…
I opened the drawer for a second time and pulled out the compact. Claire had been right about this sort of thing being unexpected. But we—David and I—had to abide by the rules. Nothing would happen between us that would require me to begin taking the contraceptive pills.
I pushed the compact way to the back of the drawer this time and closed it. I almost reached for the drawer again, but I remembered David was waiting for me downstairs. It was dumb to consider looking for a third time.
The shift from adolescence to young adulthood brought on so many responsibilities and choices. In two months, I’d turn eighteen. I’d be considered an adult even though the number was still suggestive of adolescence. I felt older than that somehow.
I suppose the experiences I had with my mom and dad had made me mature a little faster. And now the experiences I had lived with David and his family had opened my eyes to a whole new world. It was my world now—my reality.
***
Alezzander’s face grew uneasy as I walked into the living room at the Ebony Estate. I wondered if it would always be this way, this awkward.
“Afternoon, Isis.” His thunderous voice bounced off the living room walls. He set his coffee cup on the table and stood to greet me.
“I’m glad to see you’re back.” Alezzander offered me a seat. “I’m still very unsettled about my reaction toward you yesterday. Believe me when I say, that’s not the man I am. I’m ashamed by my behavior.”
“You’ve apologized already. I know you were only looking out for your family.”
“Thank you. I feel more at ease to hear you say this.”
“Father,” David said as Alezzander took a seat across from me. “Isis has some news regarding her biological father she’d like to share.”
“Go on…” 
Nyx and the twins joined us in the living room. I told them everything I knew about my mother and the man that was my biological father. Then I showed them the letters.
Nyx turned to Alezzander. “Why would he send a letter stating he’s her father, but keep his identity unrevealed? I’d assume he would present himself to her fully so that she’s aware that he’s sincere in his attempt to contact her.”
“I would do the same in his shoes,” Eryx said, taking the letter from Nyx. “Surely he’s concerned that the Council will discover the Creatura…” Eryx paused, glanced at me and corrected himself. “That the Council will somehow discover Isis’ existence as well as his violation of the laws.”
“But why would he try to contact me now? He had a perfect opportunity when my dad, Hector, passed on. He could have enclosed a note or something along with the first letter addressed to my mom.” 
“He knows you’re Creatura,” Alezzander said. “He may have an idea that you would be coming of age soon and with that would come your transmutation.”
I lowered my head and shuddered. What was I? Uncertainty and dread had the best of me. And to make matters worse, David would become whatever thing I turned into.
“I don’t want to be a monster.” I looked at David with pleading eyes. “I don’t want to be another species. I just want us to be normal.”
David pulled me close to him.
 “You were born looking human, so the transformation must only be internal, dear.” Nyx brushed my hair with her fingers. “Keep calm. I’ll monitor your progression.”
“And if something should arise—a malformation?” David asked.
I looked at Nyx.
“We’ll deal.” Galen placed an arm over his brother’s shoulder. 
“We’re here for you, my brother.” Eryx nodded. He glanced at me. “And Isis.”
Alezzander tugged at his chin. “I hadn’t contemplated the chances of an undesirable trait until now. The odds—calculating by my previous experiences with Creatura—are variable. Seeing as she’s in human form, I would estimate between a thirty-three and sixty-five percent chance of the transformation being for the worst.”
“Sixty-five percent!” I gasped. “What types of internal malformations are we talking about?”
“The traits could vary,” Alezzander said, “from personality changes, such as, impairment of your better judgment or inflicting physical harm with but a glance or a touch.”
“Impairment of my judgment? Like insanity?” I asked.
“Or…” Galen said, “like becoming a cold-blooded murderer. A homicidal genius. A psychotic killer…”
“I think you’ve made your point. Thank you for causing her more distress than necessary.” David shot Galen a scornful look.
“She should be aware,” Galen said. “She has to be able to recognize changes in her moods or thoughts in case we fail to notice them.”
“He’s right.” I sighed. “I just don’t understand how you can fix a lunatic.”
Eryx explained, “We’re able to control the chemical imbalances that cause the thought or desire to kill; only… we’ve found that the process has to be done at the beginning of the change, otherwise, it won’t work.”
“It doesn’t mean this will happen to us,” David told me. “We’re just discussing the possible outcomes. Nothing is definite. For all we know, you could remain as you are now.”
“Oh that Deus might hear you.” Alezzander closed his eyes for a moment. 
I turned to Nyx. “Can you tell me if these changes are occurring now?” 
“Give me your hands. I don’t want to skip over a single minute change in your emotional or physical state.”
Nyx closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Her head tilted back. She remained in this position for a couple of minutes. 
“Have you had spikes in temperature, or have you become more aggressive?” Nyx asked.
David coughed.  
“No.” I gave David a sheepish look. “Not that I’ve noticed.”
“As of now, I sense nothing,” Nyx said.
“That means David is fine also, right?”
“He shows no sign of transformation other than the closing of the lesion in his torso, but that’s normal.”
I sighed in relief.
“When will he begin to lose his abilities?” I asked.
Everyone in the Chios family exchanged glances. I had touched a subject of concern.
“The changes in me will be slow,” David said. “The interesting thing is that there should already be some noticeable pattern of metamorphosis.”
“Such as?”
“For example, lapses in my strength and in my ability to fly. We don’t understand why these changes haven’t occurred yet.”
Great. It was the blind leading the blind.
“My real father is the only one that might know what’s happening to me,” I said. “I have to find him.”
“We have to find him,” Alezzander said.
***
I needed air. Dealing with this was giving me a headache and an anxiety attack. David suggested we take a stroll along the nature trail.
The day was cloudy and humid. There was a fine mist coming down. I knew the forest’s peace and quiet would calm me. For now.
We took refuge from the drizzle under the boards of what looked like the remains of a tree house. David reassured me that we wouldn’t turn into freaks of nature.
“My brothers promised to help us if worse comes to worse.”
His embrace reassured me, but didn’t make the worry disappear.
“Is there any remote possibility that I might turn into what you are and not the other way around?” I asked.
“Let this go for today. Think about something else for your own sanity.”
I nodded, but I couldn’t think of anything else.
I felt the vibration of my phone on my hip pocket and reached for it. It was Andy calling. 
“Are you home?” she asked just as I hit the answer key on the phone.
“No, I’m at David’s. What’s up?”
“I was on my way to your house with Bill to pick you up. Stay where you are until I call you back.” 
“What? Why?” 
“It’s Gabriel. He pulled us over on Henderson Road and asked where you were. We assumed you were at your house, but we told him we didn’t know. He was angry and had the gun with him. He pointed it at Bill and me and demanded that we tell him where you were.
“Bill tried to calm him down, but he said he knew you were with him. We guessed he was talking about David. He said he was gonna find you and deal with you two. He kept talking to someone behind him, but there was no one there. He was acting like he was nuts again.
“Isis, I’m still shaking. We have to call the police,” Andy sniffed. “I just saw your mom’s car at the courthouse. I’m so glad you guys aren’t home.”
I started to tremble.
“Isis?” David noticed my reaction.
“Gabriel…” I said. “He’s looking for us—for you and me. He threatened Bill and Andy with a gun.”
David took the phone from my hand.
“Andy? Are you or Bill hurt?” He paused. “I can’t understand what you’re saying over your crying. Calm down.”
I clenched my hands together and started to pace.
“Andy, can you put Bill on the phone? I don’t understand what you’re saying.” David held one hand on his forehead as he spoke.
David instructed Bill to drive to Ebony Estate. We hurried to the house and warned the family of the threat that Gabriel posed and that Andy and Bill were on their way.
“Call the authorities,” Alezzander said.
“Not yet, Father,” Eryx said. “It must be Bill and Andy that give a statement to the police.”
“But will they want to press charges?” Galen asked. “After all, he’s still their friend, isn’t he?”
“Not anymore. Not after that,” I said. “Andy definitely wants to call the police.”
“She’s very upset,” David said.
We waited for the doorbell to ring, but nothing.
David walked to the front door and opened it. I stood with him on the porch biting my nails, waiting for Bill’s car to drive up.
“Dammit!” I hit my thigh with my fist. “Where are they?” I was worried that Gabriel might have stopped them again, or worse, followed them; they had had more than enough time to reach the estate.
“There.” David pointed to the Mustang making its way up the driveway.
“Oh, thank God,” I said.
“I was beginning to worry, as well.”
We met Andy and Bill in the driveway. Bill opened the door and stepped out of the car. He looked like he was in shock—pale and nervous.
Andy remained in the car with her head lowered. I ran to the passenger door, opened it. I hugged Andy as hard as I could. She was shaking and in tears.
“He—put—the gun—on Bill’s head,” Andy sobbed. “I thought he was going to pull the trigger. I shouted at him to stop, and then he shoved the gun in my mouth.” She pulled away from me and wiped her tears. “I’m so scared for all of us.” 
Bill and David were behind me listening.
“What took you so long to get here? I was about to go looking for you,” David told Bill.
“Sorry about that, man. She was hysterical. I had to pull over.” 
“I wouldn’t expect anything less.” 
I pulled Andy out of the car. “C’mon, girlie. We’re going to be okay.” 
“Why didn’t you go straight to the police?” David asked Bill as Andy sobbed on Bill’s shoulder.
“Would you have gone to the police first or tried to warn your friends in a situation like this?”
Alezzander and Nyx appeared on the porch.
“Bring them in,” Alezzander said. “Let their nerves settle.”
We walked into the den where Eryx was speaking on the phone. He hung up as he saw us approach.
“Dearest, you should offer them something to calm their nerves,” Alezzander said to Nyx.
“What can I offer you to drink?” Nyx asked Bill.
“Nothing for me, ma’am… thank you.” Bill rubbed Andy’s back. Andy was having trouble controlling her weeping. 
“I’ll bring you a special tea—to soothe your nerves, dear. Is that okay?” Nyx said softly to Andy.
“Yes, thank you.” Andy nodded.
Galen handed Andy a box of tissues. “I think she needs something stronger; vodka, perhaps?”
I didn’t think joking was appropriate at the moment, but Andy giggled a little.
“David, will you help me in the kitchen, please?” Nyx asked.
“Join me.” David took my wrist.
“I’ll be right back,” I told Andy and Bill.
We walked into the kitchen. Nyx was placing a teapot on the burner.
“Can I help?” I asked.
“I need to show you something,” David said. “Mother, make enough for two cups. They both need this.”
“What are you giving them?” I asked.
“Your friends are in shock. Bill hides it well to keep Andy from becoming frantic again. I can sense their adrenaline levels are still high,” Nyx said. “Once the water boils, David will add a small amount of tranquilizer to each.”
“How will you do that?” I turned to David.
“Watch,” he said, placing his thumb and index finger over the spoon Nyx held in her hand.
David rubbed his fingers together and a gold shimmery dust fell on the spoon.
“Don’t overdo it,” Nyx warned. “That’s enough for both. Hand me another spoon, would you, Isis?” 
Nyx divided the small amount of gold dust between both spoons. Just then, the teapot started to whistle.
“The water now, David,” Nyx instructed.
“They’re going to see the gold dust in the tea and probably taste it too,” I said.
“Not at all,” Nyx said. “This is the tea. It’s sweet and the water will turn a golden yellow—like chamomile. It’s quite good.”
“You’ve had it before,” David told me.
“When?”
“When you had that lovers’ quarrel and you slapped him—a well-deserved slap in my opinion,” Nyx said.
“I don’t remember.” 
“After you came to, I offered you tea.” Nyx stirred the gold dust into the hot water. The scent was spicy and sweet, and I remembered that it tasted like a very sweet pomegranate.
“I recognize the smell.” I shuddered as I thought about that terrible day.
“It’s the reason you were able to keep calm.” David took the teacups from Nyx and placed them on a tray.
“You doped me up?” 
“My dear, we do not dope anyone. We heal them,” Nyx said.
“Right. Sorry.” 
Nyx took the tray from the counter and walked out of the kitchen. 
“Is she mad?” I asked David.
“She’s fine. You women have tender points we men will never understand.”
David took my hand and we returned to the den. Bill and Andy were drinking the tea. Bill was recounting the incident in his own words to the family. Andy seemed calmer. 
“I took the liberty of calling the police,” Eryx said. “They say you have to file a report with your parents at the police station because you’re both minors, and you left the scene of the incident.”
“He’s after David and Isis. Shouldn’t they file a report also?” Bill asked.
“Yes, David and Isis have to file a report also, since they’re Gabriel’s main targets.”
Claire was going to have a cosmic fit. She was a feisty lady with an attitude when it concerned her only daughter. I felt sorry for the police officers that would have to deal with her.
“Can I have some of that tea?” I asked Andy, reaching for the cup. Suddenly, I felt very nervous.
“No!” the entire Chios clan said in unison.
 “I’ll prepare you one if you’d like,” Nyx said.
I glanced at Andy and Bill who had confused expressions on their faces.
“Uh… no… that’s ok. I don’t want to trouble you. I’m fine.”
“It’s okay. You can have a sip of mine,” Andy offered.
“No. You need it more than I do,” I said. “I’m okay—really.”
After Bill and Andy had finished their tea, Nyx and Alezzander drove with us to the police station. We crunched into the twins’ Land Rover. I noticed Bill and Andy were both yawning.
“Are you guys tired?” I asked.
“No, why?” Bill said.
“You both are yawning.” 
David squeezed my hand and gave me a stare. “It’s the body’s way of releasing tension after a traumatic episode,” he said.
“Oh,” I said, and dropped the subject. It was the special tea.
We rode in silence down Highway 100, through Los Fresnos and to the precinct.
“My dad is going to freak.” Bill held his head between his hands. “And your mom is going to have you home schooled, Isis.” 
“She’s going to want to go looking for Gabriel,” Andy said as we opened the heavy glass door to the small station.
“The lioness on the prowl. Ugh!” I grunted. “Gabriel’s parents will probably end up filing a restraining order against her instead of the other way around.”
Alezzander spoke to a woman clerk at the window. A moment later, a police officer escorted us in through another door and to his desk.
“I’m Officer Ramirez. What can I do ya for, sir?” he asked Alezzander.
Alezzander explained the situation. The officer called our parents to the station on the spot. Officer Ramirez didn’t give details as to why we were there, for fear of causing them panic. 
Once our parents arrived and introduced themselves to Alezzander and Nyx, Bill and Andy started giving their account of the incident as the officer took notes.
 Our parents were shocked and mortified at the thought of Gabriel running around with that gun. The officer had to keep telling them to hold it down, because the conversation would become unintelligible with so many people wanting to speak at once.
“What are you doing about this, Tomas? I need to know my daughter is going to sleep safely tonight. I’ll find him myself if I have to,” Claire said, leaning into Officer Ramirez’s face.
“Told ya.” I elbowed David. “She’s going to get locked up before Gabriel does.”
“I heard that,” Claire snapped. “This is a serious matter, Isis. So what the hell are you doing about this, Ramirez?” 
“Calm down, Claire.” Another officer, Krystle’s dad, walked into the room. “I can hear ya through the damn doors.”
“I’ll shut up when I see that kid behind bars, John,” Claire said.
“Hello, folks,” John said, addressing Alezzander and Nyx. “I’m Constable John Mendiola. I’ll be assisting Officer Ramirez in the case.” He held out his hand to the couple then tipped his hat at Dr. Jameson and his wife and Mr. and Mrs. Nesbit—Bill’s parents.
“What do we got, Ramirez?” Constable Mendiola asked.
“Threat with a handgun, possibly stolen,” Ramirez said.
“I’ll draw up a search warrant. Do we know where the kid lives?” the constable asked.
“Yeah,” Bill answered, “we know where he lives.”
“You know him?” Constable Mendiola asked.
“Yeah. He’s Isis’ ex-boyfriend, Gabriel Betancourt.”
“Hmm,” Mendiola muttered. “Jealous ex-boyfriend, huh?” 
“Sounds like it,” Ramirez agreed.
The parents assembled in the parking lot, discussing the matter while waiting for four police units that were called in and assigned to each of us as surveillance for the night.
Claire had a lot to do with the night patrol being set in place. She argued with Ramirez and Mendiola until they agreed to call in detectives from the neighboring city of Brownsville to cover the shift; there were only five police officers in the town of Los Fresnos, two were off duty. We were escorted to our homes by the patrol units. I thought it was pretty silly to have a police officer escort the Chios family; they needed protection from no one.
I couldn’t sleep that night. Claire kept peeking out my bedroom window and trying to convince me to go to work with her in the morning. She didn’t want to let me out of her sight.
“I don’t want to spend the day listening to judgments or old ladies with coffee breath asking me about this. I’m staying here. Besides, I’ll be fine with that detective outside watching the house.”
“Then I’m not going in to work,” she said with a frown. “I’m not leaving you alone until this is resolved and that is final.”
“I can spend the day at David’s or Andy’s place. I won’t be alone there.”
I didn’t want Claire’s paranoia to rub off on me. I was already scared. I only felt safe with David and his family, but I couldn’t tell her that. She wouldn’t understand. They were like real life super heroes to me.
“You’re taking all of this too lightly, little girl.” Claire tapped my head with her finger. “Do you understand that someone with a gun is out to do God-knows-what to you?”
“Jesus, Mother… Stop it, already. I’m not an idiot. I know perfectly well how serious this is. Don’t you think I feel as helpless as you do? I’m just trying to keep myself together. I suggest you do the same.”
“And how can I when I know he’s out there somewhere? Isis, if something ever happened to you…” She pursed her lips and shook her head. “I don’t know what I would do, honey.”
“Let’s just go to sleep, okay? We’re fine for now.”
“I can’t,” she said. “What if that detective falls asleep?”
“Then can you please let me sleep?” 
She turned off the lamp on the night table and sat on the windowsill staring down at the street. I shut my eyes so that she wouldn’t start over again.
Every now and again, I heard her tiptoe around the room, pacing. At some point, while pretending to be asleep and thinking about how I was to blame for this whole mess, I actually fell asleep.



Early, the next morning, I heard a heavy knock on the front door. Claire was asleep next to me. I jumped over her and ran down the stairs to get the door.
Through the peephole, I could see Constable Mendiola in his uniform and cowboy hat. I opened the door right away.
“Morning.” Constable Mendiola tipped his hat. “Your mother home?”
“Yes, sir. Come in. Just a minute, I’ll get her.”
I closed the door behind him and ran up the stairs. Claire jumped when she felt me tapping her on the arm.
“What’s wrong?” she asked, wide-eyed.
“Constable Mendiola is down stairs. He wants to speak with you.”
“Be right down,” she said, stumbling to the bathroom.
Downstairs, I offered to make the constable some coffee, while Claire made her way down to join us. The constable took a seat at the kitchen table.
“Were you able to find Gabriel’s house?” I asked, trying to get ahead on the information he had come to give my mother.
“Just fine.” 
“Was he home?” I grabbed two cups from the cupboard.
“Let’s wait ‘til your mother joins us, whataya say?”
“Sure.” 
“Morning, John. Sorry for the wait. I didn’t sleep a wink last night,” Claire said, making her way to the coffee pot.
“Can’t say I’m surprised. If I was in your shoes, I’d be lookin’ out for my kid, too.”
“So what happened yesterday evening after we left the station?” Claire sipped her black coffee.
“We were able to search the house and question the parents; kid was gone though. They say he took some of his stuff and drove off without a word. We found traces of some drugs in his room, but no weapons. Kid must’ve made a run for it, is my guess.”
“You guess?” Claire said.
“Would ya let me finish?” Constable Mendiola pressed his lips together.
“Sorry. Go on.”
“Seems the parents have been having a whole lotta trouble with the boy. He was suspended for the semester from school, lost his scholarship.”
“That’s not typical of him,” I said.
“Neither is pulling a gun on your friends, but drugs make you do stupid things.” Claire refilled the constable’s cup.
“Thing is,” Mendiola said, “we got a call about an abandoned car ‘round four this morning—off one of the farm roads right outside of town. Ran a check on the vehicle plates and turned out the owner was the boy’s father. Boy’s clothes were in the car, the door wide open, but no sign of the kid.”
“So he’s out there with a gun looking for my daughter?” Claire said in a high-pitched voice, spilling some coffee as she waved her hands in the air.
“We tracked him through the sugar cane fields with K-9’s but came up with nothing. The tracks just disappeared.”
“How could they have disappeared?” I asked. “He must’ve covered them.”
“Now, we can’t be sure of that.” The constable sat back and wiped his mustache with a napkin. “The family filed a missing person’s report early this morning when they were notified that the car was abandoned.”
“So now what happens? I mean, he couldn’t have disappeared into thin air. He must be somewhere. Look harder!” Claire demanded.
“We’ve turned every stone and pebble in this town and the surrounding areas. He’s gone, I reckon. I can almost guarantee it,” Mendiola said.
“I’m not buying it.” Claire crossed her arms. “No way he’s just disappeared.”
“Anything coulda happened to him at those hours of the night. The engine was still warm when we got there. He couldn’t have gone far on foot, but like I said, no sign of him.” The constable stood up. “Now if you’ll excuse me, I have to go relieve the detectives of their duties.”
“That’s it?” Claire asked. “You’re leaving her out like a tasty meal, John. You can’t tell that officer to leave.”
“Police units will be patrolling your house every fifteen minutes for the next twenty-four hours. If this kid doesn’t turn up by then, then he’s officially missing and the cops are off your case.”
“But, John!” Claire protested.
Constable Mendiola held his hand up. “I know, Claire, but I have to go by the book. Understand?”
Claire sighed. “I can’t believe you can’t do this personal favor for me. You know it’s just the two of us and no man in the house.”
“Now hold off just a second; don’t try to pity talk me into it. I haven’t told Krystle about the incident for that same reason.” He walked toward the door. “If it makes you feel any better, I’ll be taking over patrols in the area after tomorrow. Isis is my main concern.”
“Well, thank you, Constable,” Claire said.
“Don’t thank me. I’m doing it as a favor to myself. I wouldn’t hear the end of it from you if I didn’t do this.”
The constable put on his hat and opened the door. “Take care now.” 
Claire refused to go into work. I wasn’t allowed to peek through the windows or set foot outside the house.
“Would you stop being so paranoid?” I said, peeking out the blinds just as a police car drove by.
“For the last time, get away from the window, Isis. What if he’s waiting to get a glimpse of you from across the street?”
“You make him sound like he’s a professional killer. You’re being ridiculous. I’m going upstairs,” I said.
“No peeking out the windows!” she yelled after me.
I called David to let him know the news about Gabriel, but an officer had already beaten me to it.
“I don’t want you leaving your house today,” he said. “With the police here, I can’t leave either. But my brothers have been out sweeping the area where Gabriel’s abandoned vehicle was discovered. They didn’t find any sign of him. They’ve also been circling the town from above all night. I told them to keep surveillance on Bill’s and Andy’s houses as well as yours.”
“Thanks for that. I’m sorry I didn’t call last night. My mother wouldn’t give me any privacy.” I lay on my bed.
“I figured as much.”
“Anyhow, I don’t know when I’ll be able to see you. I’m on lockdown for a few days until my mom calms down. I don’t know if she’ll allow you to come here. I’ll have to check with her.”
“I don’t think she’ll approve, since I’m the reason behind this mess.”
“You’re not the reason; I am. But you might be right about her feeling more stressed with you here. Her paranoia is smothering me.”
“She’s your mother. Let her smother you all she wants. Her instinct is to shield you. It helps her in feeling more at ease and in control.”
I made a face at the phone. Why was he always so prudent about things?
“Sure,” I said as I noticed Claire observing me from my bedroom door. “So what are you doing for the rest of the day?”
Claire walked across the room to the window and sat on the windowsill.
“Thinking of you,” David said.
Claire giggled when she heard him over the phone’s speaker.
“Yeah, me too,” I said and smiled.
Since Claire wasn’t going to leave me alone, I ended the call with David. Our corny moments were private and special for me.
“I like that boy,” Claire said as she looked out the window in thought. “He reminds me of …”
“Of who?”
“It’s silly,” she said. “But the way he carries himself and speaks, he reminds me of your biological father—so eloquent and debonair. I guess we have very good taste in men.” She winked.
“The best,” I laughed.
***
Over the next few days, I wasn’t allowed to leave my house. We got word from Officer Ramirez that Gabriel was officially missing. His family put up flyers all over town and the neighboring areas. I worried that something horrible had happened to him, in spite of the fact that he had threatened Andy and Bill. I prayed for his safe return to his family.
***
On Friday, Claire returned to work. I had the house to myself but she told me to call her if I even thought about opening the front door.
I was bored and in desperate need of some company. My spring break had been ruined, and I couldn’t see Krystle, Patrick, or Sheila because their parents were afraid for their safety as well.
I thought about calling David, but that would only make me miss him more. He didn’t want to visit me until Claire had recovered from the scare we had.
This must have been what Romeo and Juliet felt having to be apart. My chest was heavy and ached. I had never experienced a love that hurt and made me joyous and weak and strong all at the same time. I guessed this was the real thing. 
That afternoon Claire called to tell me that she had spoken to Constable Mendiola and found out Gabriel was still missing. I didn’t tell her that I tried calling his cell phone that day; the call went straight to voicemail. I felt so sad for his family and for him. What could have happened to him? Would the police find his body in a ditch somewhere? The thought made me shudder. Maybe I should’ve helped him when I knew he was under the influence instead of shoving him away. I should have been more of a friend than an ex-girlfriend. 
I was responsible for everything that was going on with David and his family, too. They were putting their lives on the line for me.
I was in serious need of some divine intervention.
***
It was a long and dull weekend. Sunday night Claire allowed me to have David over for dinner, which I cooked. I was very proud of my lasagna and salad. David seemed to enjoy it, as well. Claire cautioned David ten times about driving to and from school. She suggested that he drop me off at her office after school, but I refused.
“I’ll be fine. Gabriel is still missing remember? If it makes you feel any better, I’ll go to David’s until you get out of work, but I’m not going to sit in your office.”
“David’s family doesn’t have the obligation of babysitting you for me,” Claire said. “I don’t feel comfortable giving Nyx that type of responsibility, knowing full well she’s already concerned about her own son. I don’t want to double that pressure.” 
“It wouldn’t be a burden, Mrs. Martin. If anything, it would help to ease my mother’s mind. She’s done nothing but ask about Isis and you since the incident.” David said. 
“Hmm… Do you think I could speak to your mother on the phone?” Claire asked.
“Of course,” David said as he pulled the cell phone from his pocket and dialed.
David and I listened to the one-sided conversation as we finished our dinner. Nyx convinced my mom that it would be better to have me stay at their house for a couple of hours after school, rather than being alone at our house. I had to hand it to Nyx; she really knew how to pitch a sale.
Claire excused herself and went upstairs while David and I cleaned up the kitchen. As soon as I heard Claire’s bedroom door close, I flung myself into David’s arms.
“I missed you,” I said, breathing in the sandalwood scent on his shirt.
His lips brushed against my forehead. “So did I. I thought about you constantly,” he said.
“Me too.”
“I wrote something for you. I’d like if you read it before you go to bed tonight.” He handed me a paper, twice folded.
“A poem?” I asked, putting the paper in my back pocket.
“My thoughts.”
***
 After David left, his scent lingered on my green blouse. I laid it on my pillow hoping the aroma would rub off. I took a quick shower before going to bed, eager to read whatever he had written.
I jumped on the bed with the parchment paper in my hand and opened it.
***
My Dearest Love,
As I sit here writing, I wish nothing more than to have you with me. The days have gone slowly without you. Your absence makes me weak, and I don’t know how I can survive in this state.
The scent of your hair, the touch of your lip, the rose of your cheek all lay engraved in my mind and my heart. I’m committed to you with all that I am, and I’m nothing without you.
Tonight, I lie awake recounting our lovers’ trysts, and I agonize over the distance between us. It so pains me to have you this short distance away. Am I a fool to feel this way? If a fool I am, then it’s for you; for you would make any man a king’s fool, my queen.
I bid you sweet dreams and sweet kisses on thy cheek and thy lips and thine eyes, that I should be so fortunate to keep them on mine lip every night.
Ceaselessly Yours,
David Chios
***
This was the very first love letter I had ever received, and how perfect it was. I had to show this to someone. I ran over to Claire’s door and knocked.
“Mom, you awake?” I said in a loud whisper just in case she was asleep.
“Come in,” she yelled.
Claire was in her pink bathrobe with a towel wrapped around her head. She was painting her toenails on the bed.
“What’s up?” she asked.
“David wrote me a letter,” I said, waving the paper at her. “I want you to read it. It’s beautiful!” 
“Give it here.” She stretched her arm and snatched it away from me.
She started reading the letter in a low tone trying to imitate David’s accent. After the first line, she read in her normal voice.
“This is poetic,” she said. “Did he come up with this on his own?”
“Yup.” I grabbed the letter, put it on my chest, and fell back on the bed. “He loves me.” I smiled from ear to ear.
“Yes, that’s evident.”
I turned and lay on my stomach with my hand under my chin as I looked at the letter in my other hand. “He loves me,” I said again.
“I heard you the first time,” Claire said, laughing.
“I know. I just wanted to say it again,” I said. “Mom, do you think David would make a good husband?” 
“Wait a minute, young lady. I am not having this conversation. You’re only seventeen. Switch that gear off and turn it to your studies. I’ll have none of that until you’ve finished college,” she said.
“Geez… It’s a rhetorical question.”
“No, it’s not. I see the way you’re all googly-eyed with that boy. Do you think I didn’t go through the same experience when I was a teenager? “
“It was just a question,” I said. “I’m not planning on getting married any time soon.”
Claire was quiet for a minute. “I didn’t mean to sound like I was reprimanding you. You caught me off guard. You know how much it means to me for you to graduate from college.” She took her towel off and stared at me. “I think he would make a perfect husband, Isis. That’s why I freaked out, okay?”
“Really?” I sat up on the bed.
“Yes. He’s bright, handsome, sincere, and respectful. What else could you ask for?”
“He is, isn’t he?” I held my hands together and batted my eyelashes.
“You’re such a clown! Go to bed.” 
“Night.” I jumped off the bed and kissed her on the cheek. “Love you, Mom.”
“Love you, too, kiddo.”
***
Another northern front had blown in on Monday morning. The sky was dreary, announcing more rain was on the way. The wind was cool and pleasant. I didn’t care for the rain, but the temperature was wonderful.
Claire left for work earlier than usual; she had missed three days of work the prior week. I lingered on the porch with my cup of coffee, waiting for it to be near the time David would pick me up for school.
I went back into the house and washed the cup, and then ran up the stairs to brush my teeth for a second time. Coffee breath wasn’t very becoming, I thought.
David’s letter was fresh in my mind. I must’ve read the letter two dozen times before going to sleep the night before.
The doorbell rang while I was testing my breath on my hand. I grabbed my things and ran down the stairs. The nervous feeling in the pit of stomach that I felt every time I saw David standing at my front door was back. 
“Good morning.” He greeted me with a kiss on the lips.
“You’re no fool,” I said, referencing the letter.
“But I am—a fool for you. You could ask me to die, and I’d be at your mercy.”
“Don’t even play around with that,” I said. 
“It’s my foolish heart speaking. I’m only the marionette.”
“Sorry, I’m not into wooden boys, Pinocchio.”
“Such a shame. And here I thought a kiss from my princess would make me a real boy.”
“Let’s see if it’s true.”
“Gladly,” he said, putting his arms around me.
“Hey,” I gasped. “You’re crushing me.”
“I’m sorry. I forget how fragile you are. Are you okay?”
“Aside from two broken ribs…” 
David laughed. 
“Let’s go. We don’t want to be late,” he said.
***
Things were back to normal for the next couple of days. Word had somehow gotten out about the incident between Gabriel and my friends. I guess nothing is a secret in such a small town.
Andy and Bill seemed to be getting over the scare.
The police had no clue as to what happened to Gabriel. Claire, after speaking to officers, said everyone, including Gabriel’s parents, believed that he was gone. Officer Ramirez said there was no trace of him, and the likelihood of him being found was minimal.
***
“How can they be so sure?” I asked Claire that night.
“They say he fit the profile of a manic depressive, and they weren’t ruling out suicide.”
“That doesn’t mean he’s d-dead.” I had trouble with the last word.
“It’s terrifying for his parents. They’ve gone looking for him on their own. I couldn’t imagine going through something like that. I feel horrible for them.” 
“I just can’t believe it, Mom. I’m in shock.”
“So was I, honey. I knew that boy since he was in elementary school with you.” She wiped her hands on her apron. “I just don’t understand how he got himself involved with drugs and guns and God knows what else. He was such a sweet kid.”
“He was,” I agreed with a knot in my throat.
That night, I tossed and turned thinking about Gabriel. I wanted so much to know what had happened to him. Was he gone forever? Was he just a lifeless body lying somewhere waiting to be found? I didn’t want to imagine him that way, but the thought kept creeping up on me through the night.
***
On Wednesday morning, Claire left early for work again. She was trying to catch up with files at the office from the days she had been absent.
David picked me up right on time. He looked dazzling in a pair of black jeans and a black long sleeved shirt, his blue eyes piercing. 
David asked me to stay in the car when we reached the school parking lot.
“My father’s gone to Italy on business. He asked me to keep him informed of any changes you might have been feeling lately because there’ve been no changes in me,” he said.
“I don’t feel any different. I’m not even sure I’m changing at all.”
“I told him that. If the metamorphosis doesn’t occur soon, I’m going to have a fit of anxiety. I can’t take this any longer. I want you to be mine forever.”
“I thought I already was.” 
David sighed. “Yes, but if this change doesn’t occur for us, we can’t be together like we would like to be.”
“But you said—your family said…” 
“Yes, we did say the changes would occur. That’s what’s supposed to happen in the case of any normal human. The deity should change into a mortal, but in our case—well, it’s hard to foretell.”
“I won’t leave you. I don’t care if we don’t change,” I said. 
“I would never leave you.” 
We sat there in silence, looking at each other. We had just agreed to live outside the rules. What would the future hold for a half-breed human and an immortal deity? 
“I love you, David,” I said. “We need to find a way to be together if this change doesn’t happen. I don’t want to lose you.”
David took my hand. “I want you to promise me one thing.”
I nodded.
“Promise me you’ll never love anyone more than you love me.”
“I promise.”
“And I promise you that we will be together.”
From his pocket, David pulled out a gold ring and placed it on my finger on my right hand—a simple diamond ring.
My heart pounded; I stopped breathing all together. I knew he wasn’t proposing, but with this ring, I knew he was promising to do so one day. I was speechless.
After a moment, David said, “Isis, I think you should take a breath before your brain cells start to die.”
I nodded.
“Who would’ve known?” David said.
“What?”
“That sometimes love is lethal.”  
***
We were late to first period. 
“Where were you?” Andy whispered. “Why didn’t you answer your phone? I thought something happened to you guys.” 
“Sorry,” I said, wiggling the fingers on my right hand. “We were busy.”
“You’re engaged?” she said in a loud voice that made the entire class turn around.
“Shhhh!” the teacher hushed us.
“No, we’re not engaged.” David hugged me from the desk behind mine. “I should be so fortunate.”
“You still should have answered your phones. Don’t pull that number on me again, you hear?” Angry, she opened her notebook and started scribbling notes.
Andy didn’t know about what the police had told my mother about Gabriel, yet. I hadn’t told anyone, because I still hoped they found Gabriel alive. But I knew I’d have to tell them today.
During lunch, I gathered the group at a corner table, secluded from the twins’ groupies. It was hard to keep those kids away for more than five minutes, so I had to make it fast.
“The police told my mom they think that Gabriel might have committed suicide.” 
 “What?” Bill asked.
“That’s their hypothesis.” My throat felt constricted. “They’re supposed to be looking for him one last time today.”
The group looked at me expecting more details.
“I don’t know what to think. I just wanted to let you guys know what’s going on with the case so that your parents are informed and can be less worried for you.” I felt David’s fingers lock with mine. “That’s all I had to tell you.” 
“How sure are the police that this is true?” Eryx asked.
“I don’t know. What I do know is that his family has been out searching for him and they’ve come up empty-handed also.”
Andy laid her head on Bill’s shoulder, her eyes reddening.
“He was capable of it in his condition—of suicide, I mean,” Bill said. “There must’ve been something that the cops are going by to have come up with that theory.”
“I’ll ask my mom this afternoon,” I said.
Lunch was pretty gloomy after my announcement. We all had mixed emotions about Gabriel. He was an ex-friend, but it didn’t mean he deserved the fate the police said he might have had.
“You’re worried about Gabriel,” David said.
“Yes,” I admitted in a soft voice. “I’m sorry.” I felt like I was cheating somehow.
“Why are you apologizing? I’m not judging you. I realize he was important to you at one time in your life. I’d probably react the same way.”
“You’ve had a lot of girlfriends?” 
“A few.”
“Mmm… I see.” 
“Are you jealous?” 
“No.” I gave him a scornful look.
“Liar, liar.” He shook his finger at me.
“Maybe just a little.” 
He laughed and kissed my cheek. “I love you, precious.”
***
That afternoon seemed strange for me. I felt something in my stomach telling me that there was some event about to occur.
After school, Andy had gotten over her frustration from the morning. She complimented me on the promise ring and seemed more relaxed than she had during lunch.
David and I were about to head for the car when I got the phone call from Claire.
“Isis, there’ve been some developments on Gabriel’s case,” she said.
“What happened?” I stopped in the middle of the crossway at the parking lot. David led me to the other side by the arm.
“There was a body found around one of the fields where Gabriel’s car was discovered. The body is unidentifiable. They think the coyotes got to it. They think—oh God…” She took a breath. “They don’t know if it’s Gabriel, but the physique looks like it’s a match.”
“No!” I placed my hand over my mouth.
“I know, honey, I know,” she said. “I hate to do this, but I have to let you go. I have to get back to a meeting. Could you please tell your friends so they can tell their parents?”
“Mom, how will they identify him?”
“They’re going to do an autopsy and DNA samples will be gathered. It’ll be a day or two before the results are in. Until then, let’s pray for that poor family.”
“Okay. I’ll see you later.” The ball that formed in my throat was so big that it hurt.
“What happened?” David asked.
“They found a body in the fields near where Gabriel disappeared. The body is unrecognizable, but they think it’s him. They won’t know for sure until DNA results are in.”
Andy rushed over.
“What now?” she asked as if she expected more bad news.
I explained about the body being found in the field.
Bill broke down in tears. I tried to keep in all my emotions. I couldn’t digest the information Claire had given me. I felt nauseous. 



 “Are you going to eat something?” Claire asked as I sat staring at my food.
“I’m not very hungry.” I tapped the fork on my plate. “I think I’m going to call it a night.”
“Isis, I know this is hard for you. I had to watch that poor woman—his mother—give a statement to the local newspaper. She’s completely distraught. Mr. Betancourt wouldn’t give a statement. He’s angry that they’ve made this into a media affair. I would be too, but Mrs. Betancourt still has hope that she’ll find her son alive, even with the high possibilities that the body they found today was his.”
“I feel sick,” I said, holding my stomach. “I don’t want to hear anymore.”
“Sorry, honey. I won’t say another word.” My mother stood up and hugged me. “It’s nerves. I know how you feel.”
“Mom—do you think I’m the reason this all happened to Gabriel?”
“No. Why would I think that? That boy had problems. We each make our own choices, and he just happened to make the wrong ones. Don’t blame yourself for someone else’s poor judgment.”
“Right,” I said, unconvinced. “Anyway, I’m going upstairs. I’m not in much of a mood for anything.”
I climbed out the window and onto the porch roof where I could view the starless night. The full moon seemed dull somehow. I felt like the night was in mourning along with me. I shivered as I felt the dead cold creep into my skin.
A tight knot formed in my throat. I couldn’t resist calling the one person that would make me feel better.
“Princess.” David sounded happy when he answered his phone, but tears had already started forming in my eyes.
“Hi,” I said in a broken voice. 
“Are you crying?”
“A little. It’s nothing.” I wiped the tears on my jeans.
“What’s wrong?”
“I don’t want to talk about it. I just wanted to hear your voice.”
“Alright. What should we talk about?”
“I don’t know. Something. Anything.”
“Would you like to hear about Greece?”
“That sounds nice.”
“It is nice in Greece. My family owns a house that rests at the top of a hill—in Athens. It’s beautiful there. The house oversees the city and the ocean is near. There are architectural marvels and small villages in the surrounding areas. There are also museums that I’d like you to visit one day soon. I’d be your personal tour guide, of course.”
“That sounds wonderful, but my mother would never allow me to go.” I shivered as a cool breeze of air swept along my back.
“You’ll never know unless you ask,” he whispered.
“Why are you whispering?” 
“Because I’m afraid of frightening you.”
“How would you frighten me?” I asked. Then I noticed a shadow moving beside me.
I shrieked, dropped the phone, jumped back, and almost fell off the side of the roof. David caught my arm and pulled me back to the window ledge.
“Shh… It’s only me.”
“Don’t do that again.” My body was trembling.
“I’m sorry,” he said, wrapping me in a small throw blanket that I knew came from his room. I had seen it the day Alezzander had called me a dog and wrung my neck like a chicken. 
“I knew you’d be out here.” 
“Thank you for coming.” I snuggled closer to him. He was warm and his scent traveled through all my senses. I could almost taste the sandalwood, it was so strong. “How did you get here so fast?” 
“You already know that answer.” He hugged me. “Well, what do you think about a trip to Greece?”
“So out of the question. Claire—my mom would freak. Besides, I don’t have the money for a trip like that.”
“I’d cover your costs.” 
“David…” I sighed and shook my head.
“Why not?”
“I can’t have you pay for that; it’s too much money.”
“You’ll be my wife someday. I should take responsibility for your financial needs.”
“Whoa!” I pulled myself away from him. “You gave me a promise ring. It’s not an engagement ring. It doesn’t mean you have to take responsibility for my anything.”
“What if I want to?”
“Well, I suggest you forget about it, because my mom would never have it and neither will I. Money complicates things, and I want to enjoy being your girlfriend.”
“You can enjoy being my girlfriend in Greece for the summer.”
“David, I want to go, but my mom would never allow me to fly to Europe with my boyfriend fresh out of high school. How much does that cost anyway?”
“Money isn’t a deciding factor in this discussion. And we’re both mature young adults with good judgment. I see no problem.”
“Don’t you get it? There is a problem, and her name is Claire. You saw how aggressive she was with the officers at the police station. Imagine if I were to ask her to let me go on a trip that my boyfriend was paying for?” I pecked him on the cheek. “It’s not happening, dream boy. Sorry.”
“We’ll have to see about that. I always get what I want.”
 “Moving on…” I rolled my eyes.
“You know, a promise ring in my culture entitles me to look after your wellbeing and your material needs. My parents would be disgraced if they found you didn’t allow me to.”
“Are you making this up?”
“Yes,” he said. “But only because I want to take care of you.”
“Thanks, but I just don’t feel comfortable with you spending money on me.” 
“How will you deal with it the day I ask you to marry me?”
“That’s different.”
“How?”
“A little girl dreams of her prince charming all of her life—about the white wedding dress, the flowers. I want all of it.” I looked away from him. “I just don’t want it right now.”
“But I thought we were on the same page.” He briefly looked at the Star Crest that hung from my neck. “I thought you wanted to be with me forever.”
“I do. I love you, but you have to understand that I also have other priorities. I want to go to college. I want to make my mom proud. I want to experience life. Now that I don’t know if I’ll get to do those things, I want them more than ever.”
“And how long do you think it’ll be before you’re ready to take this a step further?”
I bowed my head and looked at him from under my lashes. “David, I’m only seventeen. I don’t know.”
“I see.” He nodded. “I guess I’m being selfish again, aren’t I? I forget that you’re so new and inexperienced.”
“I don’t know if I should take that as a compliment or an insult.”
“Innocence is precious.” He ran his fingers through my hair. “I would never change that about you.”
“Thanks.” I lay my head against his chest. “I wouldn’t change anything about you either.”
His stay was short. David made me go inside my room before he left. I asked him to leave his blanket. When I told him it was to have his scent with me, it made him happy. I felt like it made up for the earlier conversation where I had crushed his expectations.
***
March 30, 10:32 P.M.
It’s as if the earth has swallowed him whole. The sugarcane fields whisper their secret as the wind sifts through leaves and stems. Perhaps the fields hold him prisoner as the black rose of destiny holds me. 
***
It surprised me to see posters of Gabriel along the white hall walls of the school on Thursday morning. As if I needed more reason to feel utterly disgusted with myself, now I had his eyes staring at me all over school. Creepy.
David brought up the subject of Greece again at our table. Galen couldn’t care less, but Eryx shook his head at the idea. He was clearly against it.
“Europe would be the ultimate summer vacation before college,” Andy said. “I would so kill for that experience.”
“Yeah, but there’s the matter of money involved,” I said.
“There’s only the matter of requesting permission. The cost is irrelevant,” David told me.
“That’s like thousands of dollars, isn’t it?” Andy opened her milk carton. “I don’t think her mother is in any position to spend that much money.”
“No, she’s not,” I agreed.
“But the trip would be at my expense,” David explained.
“Well, in that case…” Andy raised her shoulders. “I say start begging Claire for permission as of now.”
“I wouldn’t be too confident about that going over too well with Mrs. Martin,” Bill said, taking a sip of Andy’s milk.
“Thank you.” I raised a hand in the air. “There you have the voice of reason.”
“I agree with Bill,” Eryx said.
“See?” I looked at David. “Three against two. Subject closed.”
David cocked his brow. “I doubt this is the end of it.”
“Yeah, yeah,” I mumbled.
***
When I got home that afternoon, Claire was in the laundry room sorting some clothes.
“Hey,” she said. “How’s the royal family?”
“Hi, Mom.” I dropped my hoodie on one of the clothes piles. “Nyx sends her regards. Alezzander is out of town on business.”
“Give her my best tomorrow, would ya? Tell her we need to get together for some coffee or something. I’d love to visit with her again.”
“Sure.” I leaned against the washer. “Have you heard anything about Gabriel?”
“Nope,” she said, examining me. “How are you feeling about this whole thing? You haven’t really said much about it.”
“Horrible. I feel like it’s my fault.”
Claire stopped what she was doing and looked at me. “Now how in the world is this your fault?”
“Mom—I—I haven’t told you everything.”
“Well, spit it out,” she said, angrily.
I lowered my head, knowing all too well she was about to go ballistic with what I was about to say.
“Gabriel had been harassing me. I knew he had a gun before this all happened; he had shown it to Bill. I tried to tell Gabriel I wasn’t interested in him anymore, but he was acting weird—crazy, even. I brushed him off and ignored him.”
I heard my mom take a deep breath. I was a little too intimidated to look at the raging lioness.
“I cannot believe you kept something this serious from me,” she said in a calm voice. “Look at me. You are to never, ever keep anything like this from me again. Is that clear?”
“Yes,” I whispered.
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Mom, I knew him since forever. I never thought he’d go postal on us.”
Claire’s eyes were burning through me. “Isis, I thought you were more responsible than this. Don’t you have any common sense?”
“I do, Mom. I just didn’t want you to overreact.”
Claire threw a few more articles of clothing on some piles. “You’re grounded, Isis. How’s that for overreacting?”
“Mother!” 
“I don’t want to hear it. Go to your room.” 
“I don’t understand. Why am I grounded?” 
“I said go to your room… now.” 
“You’re grounding me for being honest?” I asked, a last defense.
“Don’t even try debating with me, young lady. Keeping this from me is by far the stupidest thing you’ve ever done. How do you expect me not to overreact? Your life was on the line, Isis. Do you understand that?” She slammed the lid to the washer.
“I’m sorry, Mom. Geez. I’m fine. Look at me. I’m in one piece.”
“Well, Bill and Andy might not have been so lucky. Have you thought about that?”
All of a sudden, it dawned on me that I never took that into account. Gabriel could have killed someone in his demented state. I had to admit I had used poor judgment. It was unpardonable.
I could feel the muscles in my neck starting to burn.
“I screwed up. How long am I grounded for?”
“For the rest of your natural born life.” Claire stormed out of the laundry room; I followed.
“Mom, wait.”
“What?” 
“I’m sorry.”
“That just isn’t good enough right now.” She turned away from me. “You have no consideration for me as your mother. Go to your room.”
How could I have been so stupid? I had let her down.
***
“I’m grounded,” I told Andy over the phone. “I haven’t been grounded since I was like twelve.”
“Why?”
“I told my mom that I already knew Gabriel was carrying a gun since before he threatened you guys.”
“I told my parents after the police report was filed. They weren’t too happy either, but they didn’t ground me. I guess they thought having a gun in my mouth was punishment enough.”
“Well, my mom made me see things from a whole new perspective. You guys could have been seriously hurt.”
“Gee, why didn’t I think of that?” 
“I’m so sorry I didn’t listen to you, Andy. We should’ve gone to the police right away.”
“Well, we all learn from our mistakes. We’re young. What do you expect?”
“That doesn’t excuse me. I should’ve known better than to keep it a secret from all of our parents. I’m an idiot, and I almost got you killed because of it.”
“Don’t put the blame all on yourself. We have brains, too, and we chose not to say anything. We’re all a bunch of idiots.”
“Thanks for making me feel better. I have to go start dinner and score points with my mom to see if I can have my freedom back someday.”
“Later.” Andy giggled.
“See ya tomorrow.” 
***
While I split the chicken breasts for my special apology dinner, Claire sat at the table tapping her fingers.
“You’re not grounded for the rest of your life anymore,” she told me.
“Thanks,” I said. “How long is it for?”
“You’re too old to be grounded. What would I gain from it?”
“You’re the parent. You know what’s best. I’m not arguing the punishment.” I cracked an egg into a glass bowl and began to beat it.
Claire sighed. “What good would it do you? You’re a young adult. Deal with the aftermath of your poor decisions. That’s what’s going to discipline you when you’re on your own—trial and error. You might as well start learning now.”
There was nothing I hated more than having my mother teach me a lesson by making me feel even more conscious of my errors. I couldn’t complain, however; her parenting skills worked like magic on me through my teenybopper phase.
“Ah—the old psychological and emotional torture routine. Thanks. I love that about you, Mom. Adding to the guilt always works on me.”
“I know,” she said. “Remind me to reward myself with something cute next time we’re out shopping.”
The chicken parmesan was quite good. Claire noticed my promise ring during dinner. She didn’t make a big fuss about it, because she was still upset with me, but I knew by the way she looked at it she was eager to ask. 
I tidied up the kitchen and finished the laundry for Claire. She retired early, and most of the laundry was mine, so I felt it was only fair for me to finish up.
I took a long shower and wrapped myself in David’s blanket once I was in bed. I held it to my nose and inhaled. The fragrance was delicious. I wished it were his arms around me instead of the blanket, but for now this would have to do.
The buzzing sound of my phone’s vibrate setting prompted me to reach for it. I had a text message from David asking if I was still awake.
“Only for you,” I replied.
His call came through a minute later.
“Hi,” I answered.
“Hello, my lovely. How was your evening?”
“Dreadful,” I said. “I’ve been psychologically tampered with.”
“Oh?”
I told him how I had come forth with the truth about the whole Gabriel dilemma to Claire and how she hadn’t taken it lightly.
“I would expect nothing less. She’s in her right.” 
“Why do you always side with my mom? Can’t you take my side for once?”
“Should I?”
“Of course not. I’m on her side, too.” 
We both laughed.
“What plans do you have for the weekend?” he asked.
“Nothing at the moment. My agenda is completely blank.”
“I’d like to invite you to dinner tomorrow night. Do you think your mother will mind after that discussion you two had?”
“I think she’ll just lay a guilt trip on me again. No biggie. How should I dress?”
“Semi-formal.”
“Ooh la la. Does that mean we’re going on a real date?”
“Yes, we are. It’s overdue, I think.”
“Very.” 
“I have to confess something to you,” he sounded serious.
“What’s that?”
“I miss you every second we’re apart.”
“I’m crazy about you,” I whispered.
“I know the feeling. Good night, my lovely. May all your dreams be sweet ones.”
“If only you were in them, they would be.”
“Oh, be still my beating heart. I offer no contest to your words. You are she that I hold sacred to my life, my one and only true love.”
I decided to test my own wit. I hoped William Shakespeare had taught me well.
“I have no words to surpass yours, but in my chest lay the same truths you speak of,” I said.
“Love me always?” 
“And forevermore.”
“Adore me more?”
“By the passing hour, I do.”
David laughed when he figured out the game and continued.
“Good night. Sweet kisses on thy lip. Excuse my absence; my prudence holds me captive, or I would be there now.”
“Come then. Be my vigil lover and you’ll have many.”
I heard David gasp in surprise.
“Isis, don’t speak to me that way. It makes me think you’re serious.”
“And if I am?” I asked.
David was silent.
“Are you still there?”
“You shouldn’t say those things. Your lips are both venom and nectar combined.”
“I’m sorry. I was caught in the moment.” But I really wasn’t sorry at all.
“Alas, let me bid thee good night, my love, before I forego my impulse.” David continued the game.
“Don’t say good night, say good day to me instead.”
“Isis… If your plan is to incite what I feel for you, then you’ve accomplished it. Don’t lead me any further.”
“And if I beg? My window’s open…”
“Stop it. I know you’re not playing.”
“Fine. Good night.” 
“Good night.”
***
It was the first of April, and a chill of excitement ran up my back as I waited on the porch to see his car drive up to my house. I couldn’t wait to see David’s agonizingly beautiful face today.
I ran to the car as soon as I saw it pull up to the driveway. He flung his door open and embraced me without a word. My back was flat against the car, and I could feel his ribcage expand as he breathed while he kissed me. His hands ran through my hair and down to my waist. I wanted to stay this way forever.
“Let’s not go to school today,” I said, kissing his neck, careful not to stain his white shirt collar with lip-gloss.
“Isis, please… I still haven’t forgotten about last night’s phone conversation. You weaken my sense of reasoning.” He kissed my face. “Do you know how catastrophic that can be?”
“Oh, I’m very aware.”
“Then stop. Don’t put those thoughts into words. You don’t know how much my blood boils for you.”
“Fine. I’ll stop,” I said. 
He looked deep into my eyes and brushed the back of his hand against my cheek. “I’m lost without you and lost with you as well. I’m an absolute lost cause.”
I smiled and hugged him before he peeled me away, and then we set off to school.
David parked close to the campus today. He stared at me after he turned off the engine, pulled me quickly toward him, and kissed me in the same feverish manner he had when he arrived at my house. I let my hands wander over his chest, feeling every heavenly sculpted muscle that made him beautiful. 
“We’re going to be late again.” He took my hands and placed them on my lap. “We should go inside.”
“Yeah,” I agreed. 
David’s arm curved around me in a tight embrace as we entered the school. Our group was already assembled at one of the long rectangular tables in the cafeteria.
Andy was feeding Bill a piece of apple. The twins socialized with some people whose faces looked familiar, but I didn’t know personally.
We sat at the far edge of the table with Andy and Bill where it was less crowded. David offered to buy me something for breakfast. I had only had an orange juice this morning, but I wasn’t very hungry.
I should have had something to eat since Fridays were test days and seemed to carry on forever. My stomach would be rumbling by mid-morning.
While observing the group in their normal routine at school, I wondered if anyone remembered that today was the day we would find out if Gabriel was gone forever. I could only imagine what his family was going through. I cringed as I wondered what time I would get the call from Claire about the results of the DNA test.
I must’ve had an awkward expression on my face, because David asked me what was the matter.
“Nothing,” I said, not wanting to ruin the day that had started so perfectly well.
We walked to first period, where we were presented with blank sheets of paper at the door. Grunts and moans came from the students receiving the sheets. We all knew it would be an essay question test.
David sat behind me in his usual spot and Andy beside me. We awaited the test instructions, eager to get it over with.
I took my time answering the two questions provided by the teacher. I needed to ace this exam to keep my grade point average up. I had been so preoccupied with life—meaning David—that my class average had dropped a few points. The scholarships I had applied for would be at stake if I didn’t get at the very least an “A” minus overall.
Our teacher, while awaiting the rest of the students to finish their exams, kept the class quiet. I was bored.
I lay my head on my arm and started thinking of how wonderful that trip to Greece would be if I accepted. Would my mother let me go? Just the night before she was talking about how I needed to learn things on my own. I wondered if this qualified as a learning experience.
David touched me lightly on the shoulder so that I would turn to face him. He blew a kiss at me and winked.
I giggled and mouthed “thank you.” He blew me another kiss.
“Everyone is watching you,” I whispered.
“Jealous bastards,” he said.
I couldn’t help but laugh.
“No talking,” Mrs. Lopez warned us.
***
During lunch, Eryx joined us without Galen.
“Where’s Galen?” I asked Eryx.
“Lunch detention,” Eryx sniggered.
“What’s he in for?” Bill asked, and then bit his sandwich.
“Making the substitute believe he was a student teacher finishing up university and hitting on her in front of the entire class.” Eryx threw a piece of ham from the sandwich he was eating down on his foam plate. “She fell for it, too. She was putty in his hands. He’s evil, that boy.”
No one mentioned a word about the Gabriel ordeal. I figured everyone just wanted to go on with his or her life and forget it happened. But Claire would have news for me later, and then we would all have to remember.
The final test of the day came with a headache for me. After the exam, I sat and played with my phone until I was almost asleep. David stared at me from across the room the whole time with the eyes of a prisoner begging for mercy. Was that the way I looked at him, too?
Fourth period was almost over when I got a text. I looked over at David, certain it was from him.
The message said, “Please help me.” It was from Gabriel.
Was this some sick April Fool’s joke?



My pulse raced.
“Where are you?” I texted back.
“Student parking,” he replied.
I jumped from the seat and grabbed my bag. I looked over my shoulder at David before rushing up to Ms. Vincent.
“I need to be excused,” I said and walked out of the room.
My heart was beating in my ears. I felt nervous and at the same time eager to see Gabriel alive. I ran down the halls as fast as I could until I reached the exit.
Gabriel was standing in the middle of the parking lot, drenched by the rains that had come with the northern winds. His clothes were ragged and he looked even thinner and paler than before. I thought he’d drop on the ground as I ran toward him.
“Gabriel!” I screamed.
He ran toward me. I eased my pace when I saw him pull something from his back. It was the gun.
I stopped dead in my tracks and turned to run from him. Everything was in slow motion. I didn’t get more than a few feet away when I felt a violent pull on my hair. Gabriel covered my mouth before I could scream and dragged me to a truck. He threw me in, locking the doors. 
“You fucking whore!” He screamed in a terrifying voice I didn’t recognize as his own.   
Without warning, he gave me a heavy blow on the side of my head with the gun. I fell back, and he thrust blow after blow on my face until I was knocked half senseless. My vision blurred. He continued calling me names and ripped open my shirt. 
He whipped his head back and in the same terrifying voice he screamed, “Ruin her!” 
I tried fighting him off, but it was no use. His weight was too much for my frame.
“Stop.” The word I had intended to scream was barely a whisper.
I saw him reach for his belt.
“Stop… please,” I cried. “Gabriel, stop. Please, stop!” I pled with him.
He forced open my jeans. The last of the adrenaline in my body forced out a scream.
“No!” I cried. “No, please, don’t.”
Suddenly, there was the loud crashing of glass and Gabriel was flying back and out the driver’s side window.
Something warm and thick trailed down my face.
“Don’t do it, brother!” I heard Galen scream. “He’s not worth dying for.”
“David, think of her. Think of Isis,” Eryx said. “Let him go.”
“He doesn’t deserve to live,” David growled. 
“David, Isis is hurt,” Eryx said. “Leave him to us.”
I heard a thud and a gasp.
“Hold him down,” David commanded.
I saw David’s blurry silhouette open the door to the truck.
“Isis…” He gasped. “I’ll kill him!” I couldn’t see his face, but I could hear rage in his voice.
David took his shirt off and wiped my face with it.  He placed the garment on my chest. I realized the warm trickle over my face was blood when I saw the stained white shirt laid on me. 
“Get an ambulance over here!” I heard Principal Miller scream.
I felt David trotting with me in his arms away from the truck. Through a watery curtain of red, I could see Galen holding Gabriel down. Eryx was in front of David ready to stop him from attacking Gabriel.
A crowd had gathered in the parking lot. Gabriel was screaming at the top of his lungs in a language I couldn’t recognize, squirming under Galen’s constraint.
“Where do you think you’re taking her? She’s on school grounds. I’m responsible for her until her parents arrive.” Principal Miller followed behind David and me.
“I assume full responsibility,” David said without turning to look at her. He carried me to the Land Rover and placed me in the back seat. Eryx slid into the driver’s seat and revved the engine.
“Isis, don’t close your eyes, my love,” David pleaded with me. “Stay with me.”
His hands were slippery as he wiped my eyes. They must have been covered in blood too.
“It hurts,” I whispered.
“Shh…” He cradled me. “Be still, precious. We’re almost there.”
I could feel the speed at which the truck was turning corners. My head was throbbing.
I took one last look at David’s glistening eyes before I closed my own.
“Open your eyes, Isis. Open your eyes.” I could feel David’s hand lightly shaking my face. As hard as I tried to open them, my eyes remained shut.



When I regained consciousness, I was being placed on a hard surface with a bright light over me. My eyes weren’t even half-open. I could see blurry images of people applying pressure to the side of my head, nose, and lips. I didn’t recognize any of them.
A woman opened my eyelids and shined a bright light into my eyes. “She’s awake,” she announced.
“Keep her awake,” a voice said, “and get me a head scan after she’s cleaned up.”
“How many fingers do you see?” the woman asked, holding her hand before me.
“It’s blurry,” I whispered. It hurt when I moved my mouth.
They took me to a white room and put me into a tube. My vision was still obscured. I didn’t know what was happening. There was a loud humming noise coming from the machine I was in.
“Be completely still, please,” I heard a voice say.
How could I move if my head felt like it was about to explode?
“If you feel nauseous or dizzy, let me know,” the voice said, “I’ll stop the machine if you do.”
The loud humming of the machine didn’t last long. Or maybe it was the fact that I felt like I was coming to and from consciousness that I don’t remember.
They took me out of that room and carried me off through the hallways and into a room with a lot of medical equipment in it.
My eyes were heavy, and I wanted to ask for painkillers, but the nurse was arguing with someone at the doorway. I heard her telling them they couldn’t come in.
 The pain on the side of my head became unbearable when I tried to turn to see who she was talking to. I closed my eyes.
“Sweetie, stay awake,” the nurse said, patting me on the shoulder. “I have to ask you some questions.” She injected a substance into the I.V. going through my arm.
”Do you know your name?” she asked.
“Isis,” I replied, trying not to move my mouth.
“Do you know what happened to you, Isis? Do you know why you’re here?” 
“Yes.” 
The door to the room opened. Claire rushed in and stopped when she saw me. She placed her hand over her mouth, gasped, and burst into tears. 
“Isis, do you know who this is?” the nurse asked.
“My mom,” I answered, as I started to cry. 
Claire’s face was pale from the shock of seeing me like that. 
“I want a mirror,” I said.
The nurse looked at my mother and my mother at the nurse.
“You don’t need a mirror right now. You’ve suffered several concussions. You’ll be kept under close observation until further instruction from the doctors,” the nurse spoke softly. “Your mother’s here to keep you awake. Be a good girl and stay awake, okay?”
“‘Kay,” I tried to nod but I felt throbbing pain. I reached for my head, but my mother grabbed my hand and set it down.
“Don’t touch,” Claire warned in a broken voice.
“My nose hurts, too,” I said. “And my mouth.”
“I know,” Claire cried. “Honey, you’re going to have to stay here for a few days. The police will be coming in to take a report from you.”
“Mom, don’t cry.” I rubbed her hand.
“Isis…” she gasped as she cried. “That son of a—Gabriel was taken away by the police. He’s not well. They say he’ll be taken to a psychiatric ward.”
“Where’s David?” I asked.
“He’s outside. They won’t let him in. He was arguing with them earlier. You’re in the Intensive Care Unit. Only immediate family is allowed.”
“I want to see him,” I whispered to her, squeezing her hand.
“Yes, but he’s not allowed in here,” Claire whispered back.
“Please?”
“There’s only one person allowed in here at a time, and it has to be family. I’d have to leave and lie about who he is, and I don’t want to leave you, honey.”
Claire stared at me, trying hard to hold back the tears, but sobs escaped her. I cried along with her, and it hurt. But I don’t know if it was the emotional pain or the physical pain that hurt the most.
When they told Claire I could go to sleep and rest, I told her to go eat something. She wiped her tears and touched my cheek ever so gently with her fingers before she left for the cafeteria.
I had just started to close my eyes when I heard the door open. David had somehow gotten past the nurse’s station and stood at the doorway staring at me.
“It’s bad?” I asked.
“Oh, Isis…” His look worried me.
David walked to the bed and laid his head on my chest. “I was so afraid.”
“I’m fine.” I ran my hand through his silky black hair.
He wiped his eyes before he looked at me. In the most careful way, he touched my lips with his. But even that feather-light pressure made me wince in pain.
“You’re not fine. You should see yourself. I’m never letting you out of my sight again. I had promised you that no one would ever hurt you, and… I’m so sorry.”
There was a knock at the door.
“Come in,” David called out.
A police officer walked into the room. His badge read “Cortez”.
“Officer.” David extended his hand.
“Morning,” Officer Cortez said, shaking David’s hand. “I’m here to take a report of the incident from the victim. Is she up for it?”
“Yes,” I said.
The officer posed a series of questions, and I had to recount the incident. It was as if I were reliving it again. David’s lip quivered, enraged as he heard my account.
Claire came into the room after I was done giving my testimony. The officer was on his way out as she was coming in.
“Do they know you’re in here?” she whispered to David.
 “No.” David shook his head. “Mrs. Martin, you’ve been here all night. Go home and rest. I’ll stay here with her.”
“No,” Claire said. “The one that needs to go home is you. You’ve been in that waiting room all night, too. Go home to your mother, young man. She must be worried sick.”
“I’m not leaving.” David stared at me as he spoke to my mother.
“Well, suit yourself,” she said.
***
Two days later, I was released from the hospital with stitches on the side of my head. There was purple and red bruising around my eyes and over most of my face. The swelling on my lip had gone down, but my nose was broken and the headache was persistent.
I wasn’t allowed back to school for a week. When I returned, stares and low mumbling greeted me. David took a leave of absence for the same amount of time for “emotional distress”. He and his family visited me every day. Claire took some days off work again and Nyx offered to watch me for the rest of the week at my house.
My face was a wreck. Make-up only made it look worse. I had some bruises on my arms where I had struggled with Gabriel to free myself, so I wore long sleeves until they became less noticeable.
David didn’t have to persuade Claire this time; she insisted I stay with David and his family after school. Alezzander visited me the week I resumed my classes.
“There’s something we have to tell you about your friend, Gabriel,” he said. “The language you heard him speak on the day of the incident wasn’t English. Is that right?”
“Right.” 
“Isis, Nyx went to visit him at the psychiatric hospital, where he was admitted. He claims to have been hearing voices. The doctors say he was in a manic state and hallucinating. They think he’s schizophrenic, but my wife has uncovered something else.” His lips pressed together. “Gabriel has been interrupted by the Turpis.”
“I don’t understand.”
“The Turpis are unseen demonic creatures. They are shrewd and evil and they don’t take prisoners. They were using him to get to you.”
“What?” David stood up. “Father, why didn’t you tell me this before?”
Alezzander motioned for David to sit. “I’m telling you now.” 
“Demons?” An ice-cold chill ran down my spine.
“Yes. We need to find out why they’re targeting you. You need to find your father.”
“I don’t know who he is, much less where he is,” I said. “How am I supposed to find him?”
“We’ll have to find a way. The Turpis won’t rest until you’re dead.”
“But how?” David asked.
“The letters he’ll send should help. I’m sure you’ll receive more. Until then you should stay close. We’re the only protection you have against those creatures.”
***
“I want to drop the charges,” I said as David drove me home.
“No. Absolutely, not. That means dropping the restraining order. He could come after you again.”
“But he’s a victim, David.”
“I don’t care. He’s not the person you knew and he might never be. Those monsters don’t just leave a person. They haunt them—writhe within and around them until they aren’t aware of their own names. They’re like a disease that makes people lose their sanity.”
“Are you talking about possession?”
“Yes.”
“Then you have to help him. You and your family have to help him,” I begged. “It’s not his fault he did this to me.”
“No,” David said sternly. “He’s like that because he gave in to them.” He paused to glance at me. “If I have to, I’ll go to your mother about this.”
I crossed my arms and hissed.
***
I sat on my bed looking at my bruises in a small compact mirror. The stitches on the side of my head were covered by a strand of hair I had clipped there. I could see tiny stubs of hair growing back on the bald spot around the wound.
The dark circles under my eyes were now a yellowish hue. I tapped the bridge of my nose. The swelling had gone down some, but it still hurt a little when I breathed.
I took the herbal cream that Nyx had prepared for me and rubbed it on the bruises as she had suggested.
***
During the weeks that followed my incident, I thought a lot about Gabriel in that psych hospital. While he was in there incarcerated, I was being made more paranoid by the Chios family and Claire.
Nyx and Claire spent a lot of time together. Frequent gatherings were held at either my house or the Ebony Estate with at least two of the Chios members always present. David left me only at night, but I knew he sat on the porch roof watching me.
It took a month, but at last, the swelling on my face went down, and the bruising was gone. I didn’t need surgery to readjust the bridge of my nose, thanks to the healing techniques of the twins.
I was suspicious of everyone and perturbed by my own paranoia. Not even prom was fun. But nothing weird happened for a long time, that is, until the end of May.
I arrived at my house with David the day before my birthday and four days before our graduation. Claire was waiting for us on the porch.
“I don’t want to be rude, but can I talk to you in private, hon?” Claire asked.
“Sure,” I said, following her to the kitchen.
“This came for you today.” She handed me a sealed envelope.
“It’s from him.” I looked at the stamp—Athens. 
Claire nodded.
I ripped open the side of the envelope. I slid out the letter that was inside and unfolded it. The letter contained a cashier’s check for $25,000.
***
Dearest Daughter,
I hope that you are well and happy to be graduating and coming to the age of adulthood. I send my warmest congratulations on both.
Enclosed you’ll find a check that you’re at liberty to spend as you wish. I’m not trying to buy your acceptance, but rather deliver to you what I’ve not been able to give you in my absence.
I’ve arranged for monthly deposits in your name at the bank located on the north corner of the main intersection in your town. Your account will always be funded while you’re enrolled in university.
I haven’t yet decided when I should present myself to you personally. I hope that you understand that I’m fearful of both your rejection and your mother’s.
I bid thee good tidings.
Best Regards,
S. Leumas
***
“This arrived today?” I asked her.
“Yes,” she said, clasping her hands. “What does it say?”
“I think it’s a birthday and graduation present.”
“What?” 
I held both papers out to her.
“Read it.”
“Oh my God. Oh. My. God!” She placed her hand on her chest. “He wants to see you! He wants to see me!”
“What’s wrong with you?”
“He’s the love of my life, Isis,” she whispered.
“What about The Judge?”
“We’re not exclusive,” she said, smelling the paper. “It’s his cologne. Mmmmhh!” She closed her eyes.
David walked into the kitchen. “Are you okay?”
Claire hid the letter behind her back. “Fine, thanks.”
“Just checking,” David said, spinning on his heel and returning to the living room.
Claire turned to me and smiled. “You can buy a car for college.”
Then the light bulb in my head clicked. If this letter was postmarked in Athens, it meant my father was there now. David and I could leave right after graduation. But would my mother go for it?
“Actually,” I said, “David invited me to Greece. They have a house there, but I know that you—”
“Go.” She didn’t even let me finish.
“Huh?” 
“Go, Isis. That’s always been a dream of mine for you, and you’re all grown up. You’ll always be my little girl, but you’re not that little anymore. I trust you. So go. You have the money. And to be honest, I think being away from this place for a while is the best thing for you right now.”
“You’re not kidding?”
“Go!” She waved the check in my face.
“David!” I screamed from the kitchen, jumping up and down with my mom. “We’re going to Greece for the summer!”
***
May 30th was my eighteenth birthday. I had a quaint evening gathering with the Chios family, all of my best friends, and my mom, at a restaurant.
I was excited to think that in a few days I’d be standing on the other side of the world, in Greece.
With shopping for clothes to take on the trip and making arrangements for graduation, it seemed like there just wasn’t enough time.
I also had to think about my supposed transformation. I had to find my father and soon. I needed to know why David and I weren’t changing into anything different, and he might be the one that held the answer to that.
On June 2nd, the night of graduation, David surprised me with flowers and a set of new luggage. All I got him was a stupid “Senior Class of…” picture frame with a snapshot of our group, taken by the journalism kids. Every single one of us was smiling in the picture, even Galen. David said he loved it.
 I was so excited I couldn’t sleep. I caught David sitting outside my window an hour before sunrise.
“Hi,” I said, peeking out the window. “Caught you this time.”
“Good morning, my lovely.”
“Come inside?” I asked.
He stared at me, as if thinking about it.
“Just this once—please?”
He stood from the side of the window and crossed into my room. He wrapped me in his arms, and then he kissed me. I let his hands wander down my spine and to my hip.
“Can you believe we’ll be together for two months as of tomorrow? I don’t have to share you with anyone.” 
“I can’t wait.”
We watched the sun come up from my window. The sky, with its scarlet, gold, and blue hues, reminded me of Somnium—of when I feared my dreams; now, I feared my reality.



At the airport, I said good-bye to my mother who was more excited than I was to be going on this trip. I wished she had accepted the offer to come along. She said it was the start of my adulthood and that she couldn’t interfere.
On the plane, I took my seat by the window. David sat next to me, a wide smile on his face.
“If I could, I’d kidnap you again.”
“It’s not kidnapping when your victim is willing,” I said and he smiled.
The seatbelt sign came on before the pilot started his welcome announcement. I looked at David and held his hand. We were on a journey to find the man who was my father.
***
I took out my journal while David slept. I wondered how long it had been since he had last slept, if at all. I opened the journal to the interior front cover and wrote.

I am both more than human and less than human. I am, by some miraculous act, still alive. This is the story of my first love, the story of my former life, and the story of my new birth.
***
When I awoke from my nap, David was still fast asleep. I looked in my compact mirror to fix my makeup. The pupils of my green eyes had grown thin and long, like that of a serpent. I turned to a passenger that was seated across the aisle from us and hissed before I attacked.
***
NYX CHIOS

I watched as Uno threw the carved stones into the fireplace with one wrinkled hand. He was blind, but he could see the ancient symbols inscribed on each stone when they turned red hot in the flames; that’s how they spoke to him. 
Enoch—Uno’s nephew—stood by holding his own set of rocks. The two men looked so much alike that they could have passed for twins.
“It’s all happening as we said, isn’t it?” Uno asked.
 “Why didn’t you tell me it was my son you were foreseeing with the girl in the fire when you came to me all those years ago?” 
 “And what would you have done?” Uno reached for his cane. “Tried to stop it?”
“You knew that she was coming. We told you your paths would cross,” Enoch said.
“You lied to me. It’s not just crossing paths.” There was a trace of anger in my voice. “Is that why you kept me close all these years—because you knew?”
“We kept you close because you were once a Rune. But we knew that the day would come when you would leave us,” Uno said. 
“My son has given up his immortality for the girl. Why him? Why one of mine?” My hands closed into tight fists by my sides. 
“He’s in love. I remember you running off with a fellow named Alezzander for the same reason.” Uno’s white eyes were pointed toward the ceiling. “Where’s your son now?”
“I don’t know. That’s why I’m here.”
 “Oh, you know where he is,” Enoch said. “You just want to be reassured. Your foresight hasn’t left you, Nyx. You’ve chosen to block it.” Enoch placed a stone on the table. “What does this rock tell you?”
I didn’t bother to look. “Nothing.” 
“She’s upset, Enoch. Just tell her where the boy is,” Uno said, reaching out to the air. I took his hand and led him to the table. 
But I was more than upset. I was so angry that I could feel the power of the serpent uncoiling inside of me. 
“He’s with that scandalous boy. Now, sit.” Enoch placed the stones side by side on the table. “The Stones want to speak. They have something to tell you.”
“If it’s to tell me exactly where my son has gone, then I’ll listen. Otherwise, I don’t care to know,” I told Enoch.
“He’s in France—Paris,” Uno said in his patient voice. “Now… Do you remember what we told you about the girl?”
“You didn’t tell me much, except that she was Creatura living amongst humans.”
“Sit,” Uno told me. “The Stones won’t speak until you’re ready to listen. And you’ll want to know this.”
I glanced between Enoch and the rocks. The Stones had already formed a circle on their own; the spread was called the Circle of Life.
I pulled a chair out and sat. The Stones started to hum. Enoch blinked, and suddenly, his eyes were as white as his blind uncle’s. 
A chill crept down the back of my spine, and I stilled as he began to speak.
“Creatura will rise at the dawn of agnostics. The fate of a new beginning hangs on the child born of the blood of both mortal and immortal. Should an unwise path be chosen…” Enoch blinked, his eyes returning to their normal state.
“What happens?” I asked.
Enoch looked down at the table. My eyes mimicked his. 
One by one, the stones began to crack and break. I held my breath as images of the future flooded my mind.
“Death is coming,” I said.
 Uno touched my hand. “And this is only the beginning.”




I’m grateful to have such wonderful people in life who offer me their unconditional love and support.
Thank you to my husband, Oscar, who puts up with my insanity and revels in the thought that one day I’ll support him financially with my writing. Let’s both keep dreaming.
I’m thankful to Judith Lauren Frazee, my fabulous assistant, who reminds me I should be writing and not scrolling my newsfeeds on social media.
Many thanks to my family and friends who continue to cheer me on. 
I’m ever so thankful to my editors, Elisabeth Kauffman and Cynthia Shepp, you make my writing shine as bright as you do.
To my beta readers and street team, thank you for inspiring me and expecting great things from me; I hope to never fail you.
Thank you to my cover artist, Claudia McKinney of Phatpuppy Art, Photographer Grace Hill, Graphic artist/typography artist Marya Heiman, Courtney Knight Nuckles who slaved over the interior book design and e-book formatting, Rebecca Gober who spreads incredible marketing far and wide through the unchartered territories of the internet.
I’d like to deliver a very special thanks to the fabulous team, both behind the scenes and on the foreground, of Clean Teen Publishing.  I’m ever so humbled you took a chance on me. I’ll try my best to live up to your expectations.
I thank God for giving me all my heart desires. 










Nely Cab is a Writer of stuff, a Master Coffee Drinker, a Food Maker & Eater, an Imaginary World Conqueror, and an Air Breather. She talks to herself—a lot—in her South Texas home while she plots stories about fantasy worlds and sips coffee from a pitcher. She's known for cooking far too much food and has a tendency to overdo…well, everything. It is rumored that she is fabulous. Nely Cab is the best-selling author of the Creatura series.
