
Cream Sam 
Summer
— by —
Nicholas Nigro

Copyright © 2013 Nicholas Nigro
Smashwords Edition
Disclaimer: 
This is a work of fiction. Any similarity to persons living or death is purely coincidental. 

Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42

1
A few weeks ago, Jimmy Kern went ballistic in his front driveway—a fist- pounding, foaming at the mouth eruption that was downright scary to witness. Known to most of us around here as “Red,” the man’s a certifiable neighborhood oddball. Somebody once told me that he received the nickname because he was a card-carrying communist, and that it had absolutely nothing to do with his redder than red hair and heavily freckled complexion. Honestly, I suspect my leg was being pulled and sincerely doubt that Red even knows what a communist is. I’m not very good at divining ages, but he’s considerably younger than my mother and father, who are in their mid-forties, and a lot older than me, a sixteen-year-old high school student. I’d wager that he’s somewhere in between and has celebrated his thirtieth birthday, and probably a few more than that, in the not-too-distant past.
The local consensus is that Red is simple—a “bit off” and not the brightest bulb in the chandelier—but he’s not a simpleton. I’ve heard through the grapevine that his childhood was anything but idyllic. For starters: Both his parents drank like fish. Mama Kern was something of a recluse, too. She came out only at night to run errands, which included picking up her regular whiskey stash and preferred smokes—Lucky Strikes, I’ve been told—but that was the long and short of her public appearances. My grandmother recalls her tying young Red and his older brother Peter to a sycamore tree in their backyard. Presumably, this was the oft-intoxicated mother’s foolproof method of keeping an eye on her two boys. Verbal interchange between this strange and solitary woman and her Kingsbridge neighbors—even basic hellos—just didn’t happen.
The reports are that Papa Kern was a tad more sociable. He would on occasion acknowledge his neighbors with the barest of nods, but he never, ever had anything to say. Sadly, the man met a tragic end. On his way home from work one summer’s eve almost two decades ago, the Kern family’s breadwinner fell in front of an oncoming subway train at the 181st Street station near the George Washington Bridge. The lingering scuttlebutt is that his blood alcohol level was off the charts. My Uncle Paul says Mr. Kern was a “tortured soul”—somebody who might very well have jumped in front of the train. Since the Kern patriarch shuffled off this mortal coil in such a dramatic fashion—accident or no accident—his surviving widow has seldom been spotted, even under the cloak of darkness. 
Fast-forward to the present and the Kern house on Tibbett Avenue is an unsightly blot on the neighborhood landscape—a ramshackle eyesore. The family actually purchased the house brand new in the late 1930s—they were Kingsbridge denizens even before my grandparents, who moved into the neighborhood several years later. But forty years of utter neglect have rendered the place a complete shambles. There are broken windows in the front of the house, on the sides, and out back, too. Peeling paint is the rule. It’s late July now and the Kern’s front grounds are smothered in tall weeds. Sprouting up through countless cracks and crevices, a slate-tiles pathway leading to steps and the front door is also overrun with them. Our cigar-chomping mailman, Louie, no longer attempts to access the Kern’s rusty old mailbox attached to the house. Instead, he drops the mail into a thick patch of weeds, just beyond a corroded wrought iron gate along the sidewalk’s edge, which he says are the homeowner’s explicit instructions. I often notice uncollected letters and assorted junk mail in this urban jungle for weeks at a time—rain or shine. God only knows what the place’s interior looks like.
Four summers ago, I laid eyes on the old lady for the first and only time in my life. Spying this ghostly pale apparition standing on her front porch—dressed in all black with a long shock of unruly white hair—sent shivers up my twelve-year-old spine. No exaggeration here: She was a dead ringer for Grandmama Addams. Nowadays, her reclusiveness is the stuff of legend. Seeing her in the light of day, or dark of night for that matter, is the Kingsbridge equivalent of a Big Foot or Loch Ness Monster sighting. 
Red Kern, on the other hand, is a familiar face in this sliver of the Northwest Bronx. Just about everybody knows him. A notorious packrat, the concrete sidewalls of the family’s sloping front driveway are perpetually lined with his most recent street finds. He once amassed a diverse assortment of discarded glass containers—everything from beer and soda bottles to mayonnaise and cold cream jars. Red envisioned making “piggybanks” out of them someday. On another occasion, the man gathered together wood scraps of every conceivable shape and size that he plucked from neighbors’ garbage cans. He spoke often of his grand plans to build an extra room to the house—his room—in the driveway. Construction hasn’t begun.
When we were much younger, Richie Ragusa, “Johnny B” Bauer, and I christened Red “Cream Sam”—a sub-nickname of sorts to his more popularly known one. The three of us had gotten into the habit of parking our bicycles in his driveway during the warm months of summer. Red was always ready with a good yarn, opinion, or outlandish philosophical discourse on the meaning of life. He frequently spoke of the existence of these rare culinary delights—at least that’s what I think they were supposed to be—called “Cream Sams.” Red said time and again that we would just love these “Kingsbridge Caviars,” and he always promised to get us some real soon. 
On numerous occasions, my parents have instructed me to keep my distance from Red and his combination driveway-junkyard. Richie’s ex-Marine father has laid down the law concerning contact with anybody named Kern. I have no doubt that Johnny B’s over-protective mother would lock him in his room, and throw away the key, if she knew what he was up to. But Red has just fascinated us too much, with both his never-ending stories and ever-evolving collections of rubbish, to stay completely away. And since our parents don’t have us under constant surveillance while in the great outdoors—this is 1978, not 1984—these decrees from on high amount to little more than a hill of beans. 
Admittedly, there has always been a feeling of trepidation—an intoxicating whiff of danger—when standing in the Kern’s driveway, on the periphery of the open garage, or even when passing by the house on the front sidewalk. The mere possibility that a crazy old lady could, at any moment, materialize—brandishing an ax, sharp kitchen knife, or ice pick—is enough to make my blood run cold. The decidedly more visible and real specter of Peter Kern has long been part of the equation as well. While Red’s big brother doesn’t officially reside at the house anymore, he nonetheless keeps a watchful eye on the place and his kinfolk. The brutish Peter’s got an unsavory reputation in these parts for being perpetually drunk, habitually mean, and sometimes violent. 
But there’s more to the Kern family mystique than a colorful cast of characters on a dilapidated urban stage. It encompasses, too, the unsolved mystery of a neighborhood boy from the past—a playmate of little Red and Peter—who one day just vanished never to be heard from again. My mom and dad remember Mr. and Mrs. Kern being questioned by the police, but so were many others on the block—men and women who were not considered suspects in the disappearance, or guilty of any wrongdoing. Still, bizarre and unfounded rumors persist to this day that the boy’s body is buried somewhere in the Kern’s backyard, and that Mr. Kern may have done himself in because he knew what really happened.

2
A month or so ago in the waning days of June, Richie, Johnny B, and I dropped by Red’s place to check out his latest street finds, which included a “Don’t Spill the Beans” game without the beans, a Ronco brand Record-Vacuum, and an old washing board, the kind my grandmother used before she got her first electric washer. If memory serves, we had taken our final high school final—the Geometry Regents—earlier in the day. And despite the fact that the three of us attend three different Catholic high schools in the Bronx, the Regents are New York State-administered exams that ensnare one and all. We were unanimous, though, in finding the test a colossal pain in the butt and found further common ground in our general distaste for Geometry and its sheer pointlessness. 
Happily, high school math wasn’t foremost on our minds that day. Summer vacation was and we were feeling pretty giddy at the prospect. Courtesy of Johnny B unearthing an old Riverdale Press newspaper clipping from a shoebox in his parents’ closet, we also welcomed in summer by revisiting the “missing boy from the neighborhood” story. It was a tiny article that mentioned the name of a local kid, Robby Bonner, who had disappeared without a trace. Anybody with possible information on his whereabouts was asked to contact the police. That was the long and short of it. Nevertheless, Johnny B became transfixed with this unsolved mystery from before any of us were born—and not for the first time either. I’d venture to say that he’s one of the last true believers around here—absolutely convinced that Bonner’s body is buried somewhere in the Kern’s backyard.
Suffering from an acute tact deficiency by nature, Johnny B couldn’t contain himself that night in Red’s driveway. He asked our pal point-blank if he remembered anything about the missing boy and the subsequent police investigation. When Red’s normal crimson color—from one too many freckles and, I surmise, some strain of psoriasis—turned ruddier still, Johnny B promptly wished he hadn’t. With all the implausible but nonetheless persistent rumors floating around, it was subject matter we had consciously avoided bringing up in Red’s presence—and now we knew why.
Red menacingly stared down Johnny B, Richie, and me while uncharacteristically shouting at the top of his lungs: “Don’t you ever bring that up again, Johnny! Am I getting through to you? Am I getting through to the whole damn lot of you?” 
With the windows to his soul a pair of wild eyes, a literally drooling Red then pounded both his fists—over and over and over—against the garage door at the foot of his driveway. It must have hurt, but he was so crazed that his pain receptors, I presume, were temporarily out of order—short circuited or some such thing. I’m shocked that he didn’t break a bone in his hand. It was truly disturbing to behold. Our summer vacations commenced with an unexpected and unwanted pre-Fourth of July bang.
In fact, Richie, Johnny B, and I were sufficiently unnerved by this impassioned display of unadulterated rage that we steered clear of the Kern place for weeks, until Red himself invited us back the day before last.
“Is everything okay with you guys?” he asked upon encountering the three of us, who were hanging out on my front stoop.
“Copasetic, Red…why do you ask?” I said.
“You just haven’t been by in a while…that’s all.”
“Yeah…well…we’ve all been pretty busy lately…you know…with our jobs, vacations…that sort of thing.”
“That’s right. I was away all last week in Manasquan, New Jersey,” Richie said in a half-truth.
Johnny B, however, remained silent. Reigniting Red’s volatile fuse was clearly on his mind and something he wanted to avoid at all costs.
“You guys have to come by and feast your eyes on the new stuff I’ve picked up this week—some real gems. They’ll knock your socks off, I guarantee it!”
“Yeah, sure, Red, maybe we’ll stop by tonight sometime and have a look,” I said.
“That’ll be great. I’ve really missed chewing the fat with you guys.”
“We’ve missed our little driveway chats, too,” I replied with an internal rolling of my eyes.
“I’ll see you later then?”
“Yeah…right…we’ll catch you later.”
Red chose not to reference his prior meltdown, and we had no intention of ever again broaching the subject of the missing boy with him. In all the time we’ve known him—since we were wide-eyed nine-year-olds as a matter of fact—there was only one other instance when he blew a gasket in our presence. It occurred while he was proudly showing us a one hundred dollar bill that he had somehow and somewhere acquired. 
Seated on his bicycle during this show and tell, Richie—the brazen one among our trio—seized an opportunity and snatched the bill from the hapless Red’s hand. He swiftly pedaled away and up the block. Holding the handlebars with one hand, the bill high above his head with the other, Richie let out a series of whoops and hollers for good measure. After vainly attempting to assure Red that he’d get his money back, Johnny B and I took off after him.
With the one hundred dollar bill flapping in the wind, and a frantic Red believing with all his heart that a teenage boy sitting on the banana seat of his Sting-Ray bicycle had taken him, Richie rode up Tibbett Avenue to the corner of W234th Street and turned right, and then right again onto Corlear Avenue. He made yet another right turn at W232nd Street, completing the block circle back to Tibbett Avenue and the Kern place. It was a joke, not a robbery.
By the time Richie returned the money, though, Red was fit to be tied and taking out his frustrations on the lightning bugs lazily flying around in his driveway. He had a two-by-four in his hand and showed no mercy to these inoffensive insects, which he whacked with unrestrained abandon and squashed with equal fervor on the driveway floor. The concrete grounds sparkled with crisscrossing but fast fading streaks of light—the flattened lightning bugs’ last gasps—as Red threatened to do the same thing to Richie. Fortunately, Johnny B and I calmed him down in the nick of time. 
The exact date of this lighting bug massacre was August 10, 1977—almost a year ago. I remember this only because the Son of Sam was brought into custody that same night. This demented serial killer was on the loose in New York City last summer—the “Summer of Sam” as it was called—and it understandably concerned a lot of people in these parts, including us. It was momentous news that we learned from the strangest of couriers: Red Kern. It took Red a while to forgive Richie for the prank gone somewhat awry, but he eventually did. He wasn’t one to hold grudges.

3
I could feel the humid morning air’s clamminess on my skin and, from a catbird’s seat atop my front stoop, see its handiwork in the hazy brown and yellow-tinged skies all around me. Like many neighbors of mine, my stoop is a brick and concrete perch—an urban observation post that furnishes me with a sweeping panorama of my immediate surroundings. When I’m not toiling at my part-time job, or playing street games and sports in local parks and schoolyards, I can often be found on the stoop. Stoop sitting is a time-honored summertime ritual in these parts—a sedentary pleasure that seamlessly bridges the gaps on summer’s chaotic calendar of activities. 
While patiently awaiting the arrival of my friends, Richie and Johnny B, I spied Red Kern heading in my general direction from up the street. Oh, God, I’d rather not see him right now. I’m just not psyched for a Red chat. It’s too early in the morning…and too hot, too. Too many toos for my tastes.
“Hey there, Red, where are you off to this morning?” I nonetheless asked just as soon as he was within earshot. 
He didn’t acknowledge my greeting, so I pumped up the volume a bit and repeated it. Despite being only a couple of yards away, Red ignored me a second time. When he passed directly in front of me on the sidewalk, I caught glimpses of his eyes, which appeared detached—vacant almost. While I could have literally reached out and grabbed hold of his physical body, Red’s brain was definitely someplace else—someplace faraway. Seeing him in this trance-like state totally unsettled my insides—my legs even went Smucker’s on me. I was champing at the bit to tell Richie and Johnny B what just happened. 
Richie and three generations of the Ragusa family live right next door to me—and three generations of the Casale family—in an identical three-family brick home. These living arrangements are not uncommon in the environs of Kingsbridge, which is chock-full of immigrants, their children, and their children’s children residing under the same roofs. Both our houses and front stoops are attached to one another. The Casales and Ragusas are next-door neighbors in the truest sense, and have been for over thirty years.
“What do you say there, Richie?” I called over to him when he stepped outside and onto the landing of his adjoining front stoop. I promptly filled him in on my curious close encounter, only minutes before, with Red Kern. Summertime’s most frequently posed stoop query—“So, what do you want to do?”—would have to wait its turn.
“What do you suppose is up with that crackpot, Bean?” Richie said, calling me by my familiar nickname and not my given name “Matt.”
“Beats me. He seemed like the usual Red a couple of nights ago.”
“The Red we know and love showing us with great pride his latest junk finds.”
“Not quite the gem caliber that he promised. We’ve seen better…a lot better.”
“Yeah…like the stuffed raccoon.”
“The phony, potted lemon tree was probably my all-time favorite. That thing must have been seven feet.”
“Don’t forget the rocking chair without a back.”
“That was a classic for sure…and dangerous, too. Sit on it at your own risk.”
“The toilet bowl that he turned into a chair merits an honorable mention.”
“He filled the thing up with dirt and glued seat cushions to it.”
“Face it, Bean, it’s impossible to really and truly know what’s going down in that pudding brain of his.”
“Don’t you mean Cream Sam brain?”
“Whatever…it’s mush no matter how you slice it.”
“Hey…I got it! Maybe he had a fight with his mother and she kicked him out of the house,” I said. 
“Maybe she told him it’s high time he got a job. Man, I took one in Mitchell’s store when I was thirteen. How old do you suppose Red is? Thirty-five? Thirty-six?”
“Could even be, Richie, that she died—one never knows, do one.”
“Yeah…Red’s the sort of guy who would keep something like that a secret…until the place stunk of decaying flesh and vultures circled the house.”
“Oh, man…now that’s one grody notion,” I said, “but I bet the place stinks pretty bad inside right now—rotting corpse or no rotting corpse. God Almighty, if it smells anything like that far-out odor wafting around his garage.”
“Tell me about it, Bean. I’ve savored that aroma on more than a few occasions. Man-o-man, Red’s B.O. alone is gag-worthy.” 
“True, Richie, but you’ve got to admit that it’s pretty unique as those things go: one-part fishy, one-part vinegary, and one-part garbage truck smell.”
“I think it’s time we had a little look-see beyond that driveway and garage of his…find out what’s really going on behind closed doors in the Kern mansion. What do you say to that, Bean?” Richie said, abruptly changing the subject.
“Where on earth did that come from? Yeah, sure, Richie, let’s ask Red to invite us in for tea and Lorna Doones one of these days.”
“I’m not talking about wiping our feet on the Kern’s welcome mat and waltzing through the front door. What I have in mind is a bird’s-eye view through the windows. Catch my drift?”
“Yeah, I catch your drift and you’re lost at sea, man. There are dark curtains over all the windows in that house—at least the ones that I can see from the street. And I’d say they haven’t been washed since V-J Day—the curtains and the windows!”
“So what! Half the windows in that fleapit are broken. All we’d have to do is reach in, brush the curtains aside, and take a peek.”
“We, Richie? Fuggedaboutit. This all sounds like a recipe for bloodied hands and arms,” I said, attempting to be the voice of reason. “Besides, the house is always so dark, or hadn’t you noticed? We wouldn’t see anything anyway.”
“There’s always one light on—on the first floor near the backyard.” 
“Sure, I’ve seen it…the Thomas Edison light bulb. And we’d need a ladder, too…unless you plan on having us stand on each other’s shoulders.”
“A step ladder would do the trick.”
“Yeah…right…so, what exactly are you proposing we do?”
“Have a look inside one of these nights—that’s all—an honest-to-goodness look.”
“This all sounds great in theory, Richie, but in practice…no way! Red is always hanging around his driveway or in the garage.”
“Not quite always, Bean. He roams around an awful lot, too—like right now. You just saw him heading off somewhere on one of his errands or packrat runs.” 
“That’s right, I did…in a trance.”
“Whatever…he’s away from the house, isn’t he?”
“But you’re talking about doing this thing at night.”
“I know. But the Cream Sam Man roams the nights, too.”
“Have you given any thought to fat Peter?”
“Mr. Piggy Peter works nights. He’s never around after dark. You know that, Bean.”
“I wouldn’t want to chance it.”
“Bean, you’ve become a real pantywaist since Little House on the Prairie became one of your can’t-miss TV shows.”
“Yeah…right. This from a guy who ritualistically watches ChiPs with a bowl of popcorn and a bottle of RC by his side every week.”
“Are we going to have to follow the Yellow Brick Road, Bean, to get you that necessary courage?”
“Oh, and one more thing, Intrepid One, that you haven’t factored into your illustrious plan. We’d have to wade through an Amazon jungle of weeds to reach that window of yours with the light on—in the freaking dark!”
“Take a chill pill, Bean! Have you ever heard of a flashlight? You’re the one always going on about the mysterious Kern family and how you’d love to know their real story. This could be your one and only chance to see Mama Kern savoring her Johnnie Walker while watching the ten o’clock news.”
“With Bill Jorgensen, I hope. I’m Bill Jorgensen, thanking you for your time this time until next time.”
“That’s right, Bean. Watching Bill Jorgensen on Channel 5 and relaxing like you’ve never seen her before.”
“In her recliner?”
“Nightgown…ready for bed…cold cream on her face…the whole nine yards.”
“Hey, what do you say there, Johnny B!” I shouted out when I spotted him within shouting distance. “We’ve just been talking about our old buddy Red.”
“What about him?” 
“He walked past here a few minutes ago in some sort of zombie state. I said hello to him twice…real loud, too…and it was as if he didn’t hear me. Weird City!”
“I don’t know about you, Bean, but I don’t want anything more to do with Red,” Johnny B said. “I shouldn’t have even gone back with you guys the other night.”
“So, I guess this means you don’t want to be part of ‘Operation Spy on the Kern House’?”
“Operation what?”
“All I’m saying,” Richie said, “is that we take a look inside the house. Why the big to-do?”
Johnny B’s face drained of its color and contorted into an ashen blend of disbelief and dread. “You aren’t serious?” 
“Dead serious.” 
“Dead is right! No way, José. I’m not looking to share a grave with the backyard boy.”
“I can’t believe you still buy into that ridiculous rumor, Johnny B. You’re not a five-year-old kid anymore. There’s no dead body out back and you’re never going to taste a Cream Sam. Get over it!”
“Bean, you saw Red’s mother,” Johnny B said. 
“Yeah, she looked like Grandmama Addams—a real old hag with long white hair in a black dress. I was Blossom Rocked…totally!”
“Aren’t you just a teensy weensy bit curious, Johnny B?” 
“Sure, I am…but curiosity killed the cat.” 
“And satisfaction brought it back.”
“But we’re not cats and don’t have nine lives,” Johnny B said.
“Touché, Johnny B! But, hey, what do you guys want to do right this minute? How about hitting some out in Vanny?” 
“I’m game,” Richie said.
“Sounds like a plan, Bean.”
“I want to break in my new aluminum bat. I’ll bring the ‘Jake Gibbs,’ too.” The latter is a Louisville Slugger—a wooden bat that I received at a Yankee Stadium “bat day” promotion almost ten years ago. This remarkable piece of lumber is defying the odds and still going strong. 
“My brother brought me home a couple of new hardballs the other day from F&S,” Johnny B said. 
“Yeah, I saw Andrew standing outside there yesterday. I’d love to work in a place like that.”
“Bean, he can get us discounts on any sporting stuff we need.”
“Awesome! Now we have two discount sources: Benjy at Van Cortlandt Sporting Goods and your big bro.”
“Benjy-boy got your aluminum bat with his employee discount, right?” Richie asked.
“Yeah…saved me a couple of bucks. I wouldn’t have gotten it otherwise.”
“He got me the discount on my new glove, but it still cost me a ton of bread.”
“That’s because you always have to have the very best, Richie.”
“I’m not a pinching-pennies piker like you, Bean Brain. Why buy a piece of crap to save a few bucks? It’s most illogical.”
“We’ll catch up with you in a few minutes, Johnny B, in front of your place,” I said as we momentarily parted ways.
The Bauer family, including Johnny, his older brother Andrew, and two younger sisters live just up the street—a sort of halfway point between where the Casale and Ragusa families live and the Kern residence. We call him “Johnny B” to distinguish him from a couple of other local Johnnies: Johnny F and Johnny S. His house is also in the direction of Van Cortlandt Park, or “Vanny” as it’s colloquially known, our intended destination.

4
With baseball bats resting on our shoulders, and gloves strapped to their barrels, Richie and I walked the short distance to Johnny B’s. The Bauers live five doors down and ten street numbers away from the Kerns. It’s even numbers on our side of the street and odd numbers across the way. Both Johnny B and Red inhabit two-storey single-family homes—Tudor style they’re called—with front and back porches, garages, and basements. I’ve been told that their houses were built at the same time some time in the 1930s. Among the homes in this neat row, the Kern’s dreary blemish stands out like the proverbial sore thumb. 
Conversely, Johnny B’s place looks as good as new—pristine with its well-manicured front grounds teeming with colorful marigolds, begonias, and petunias. Johnny B’s mother is something of a neat freak. She hates weeds and clutter with a passion, and is constantly griping about the Kern’s neglected property, which she says brings down the value of everybody else’s homes.
As Richie and I approached the Bauer house, we spotted Johnny B just outside the front door and in conversation with his mom.
“Good morning, Mrs. Bauer,” I shouted out from our sidewalk coordinates several yards away. My salutation generated a less than enthusiastic wave back from her. Mrs. Bauer doesn’t like me very much. Then again, I don’t think she likes any of Johnny B’s friends, including Richie, so I don’t feel all that bad about it. In her eyes, we are all somehow corrupting influences on her youngest son, whom she calls “Baby” in front of everybody, much to the chagrin of Johnny B.
After getting a little peck on his cheek from his mother, Johnny B, with his mitt on his right hand—he’s a southpaw—and two new baseballs tucked inside it, joined Richie and me on the sidewalk.
“Baby, remember not to overtax yourself on a day like this,” Mrs. Bauer called down to her son.
“I won’t, Mom. Don’t worry,” Johnny B replied with a hangdog expression on his face. 
“Shall we get a move on, Baby?” 
“Oh, you’re such a cutup, Richie, you know that.”
“I was just wondering, Baby, if you’ve had a chance to sample the Gerber’s strained peas yet? Word is they are pretty darn tasty.”
“How funny…how funny.”
“Come on, let’s go,” I said.
The three of us started up the street to the baseball fields of Van Cortlandt Park, about a half-mile away. When we reached the Kern’s front gate, Richie stopped dead in his tracks.
“What’s the trouble?” I asked.
“Bean, you were saying before how we’d have to wade through the Amazon to reach that side window.”
“Yeah…so?”
“ Well…who’s game to go on a safari right now?”
“Are you out of your freaking mind, Richie!” Johnny B said.
“Yeah, Richie, what are you trying to prove? You’ll just get all buggy and full of weedy lice. Come on, man, it’s too hot to be pulling such a stunt. Why run through that mess in shorts? At least wait until you’re wearing long pants.”
“Bean, you are the King of Namby-Pamby these days. I’m going to take the plunge. Last chance. Anyone else want to join in the fun?”
“Richie, what if someone sees you in there?” Johnny B said with palpable alarm in his voice and a terrified look on his face. His frightened faces are, in fact, the stuff of legend around here. There is never any doubt as to how Johnny B’s feeling—happy, sad, scared. He’s not poker player material—let’s put it that way. 
“Nobody’s going to see me in all that cover.”
“But what if Red comes back?”
“Oh, I’m quaking in my boots at the thought.”
“Richie…what if his mother sees you in there?”
“His mother, Johnny B? Are you kidding me? Yeah, she’ll no doubt call the cops on me for trespassing on their estate grounds. You’re such a dumb putz.”
“I thought we were going to Vanny…so let’s just go,” I said.
“Bean’s right. Come on…let’s split.”
“It will only take me a second—in and then out. You two crybabies try not to soil your diapers while I’m gone, okay?” 
Richie pushed open the front gate, which made an audible creaking sound, and dashed into the weeds with real resolve. Pollen, or whatever the stuff that comes off weeds is called, scattered in every direction on the compass. Johnny B and I lost sight of him as he veered to the left and down a pathway leading to the backyard, which was also a tangle of tall weeds.
While anxiously awaiting his return, Johnny B and I gazed up and down the street to see if anybody was heading our way, like Red, for instance, or his big brother Peter—and big is appropriate. Peter can be a really nasty drunk, and the word on the street is that he’s drunk more often than he’s sober. Under the circumstances, it was not in our interests to cross paths with this unsavory character.
The seconds became a minute, two, and then three. What is Richie up to? He said he was just going in there for a quick look around. I should have known better than to believe him.
“Where is he, Bean?” Johnny B asked. Increasingly apprehensive, his eyes flitted nervously.
“He’s probably doing some stupid Richie thing. What else? I don’t know.”
“Richie! Yo, Richie! Where are you?” Johnny B roared at the top of his lungs without giving me a proper heads up.
“Put a lid on it, man!” I said, literally muzzling Johnny B’s mouth with my two hands. “You want the whole world to know we’re here?”
“Sorry, Bean...I guess I wasn’t thinking.”
“No, you weren’t, doofus!” I replied in the heat of the moment and promptly wished that I hadn’t.
In the wake of Johnny B’s ill-timed shout, the two of us stood virtually motionless, not doing or saying anything for a couple of minutes that seemed more like a couple of hours. 
“This is ridiculous, Johnny B. I’m going back there…find out what’s going on.”
“You want me to come with you?” Johnny B asked with less than total sincerity, I thought.
“It’s not necessary. I’ll just be a sec. Keep an eye on our stuff.”
“Right…I’ll do that,” Johnny B replied. Like a healthy-sized bass freed from the fishhook, he appeared genuinely relieved. 
“Wish me luck.” 
“Good luck, Bean. Be careful in there.”
I took off at sprint speed, charting the same path that Richie had several minutes earlier. Courtesy of my old pal, I tread upon mostly trampled weeds. In retaliation for having been flattened like pancakes, though, more than a few of them sprang back and whacked me in my head, neck, and buttocks. Covered in weed residue from the get-go, I felt unpleasant itchy things down my shirt and shorts, too. There was no sign of Richie in the pathway, which I followed into the backyard—a prize-winning crop of weeds if ever there was one.
When I reached the boundary of this rather impressive weed field—which was, once upon a time, a small patch of green lawn with a sycamore tree in the middle of it—Richie leaped out of the thicket.
“Boo!” he shouted with glee.
Startled, my heartbeat kicked up a notch and my body physically recoiled. I stumbled over a concrete border along the alley pathway, which was invisible to me courtesy of weeds enmeshed in more weeds, and fell backwards into the nasty brush. Richie howled heartily at my ill fortune. 
“Screw you, man,” I said as I slowly lifted myself up. “What have you been doing back here?”
“Bean, come over here, I want to show you something,” Richie said. He walked a few short steps into the backyard.
“Let’s get out of here, Richie!” I replied. 
With my disgust apparent, I dusted myself off from head to toe as best that I could.
“Take a gander up there.” 
“Let’s get out of here, man—now!”
“I saw somebody staring out of it a couple of minutes ago.” 
Richie continued to point at an upper-floor window that looked out into the backyard and its bumper crop of weeds. He wouldn’t budge until I did as he asked. 
“Yeah, right. Nobody could see out of that filthy thing, jerk-off! Can we go now?”
Richie laughed even louder than before. He was relishing his little joke and milking it for as long as he could. This was his modus operandi. And we were making way too much noise, I thought.
As we started back up the pathway to the front of the house, we heard the unmistakable sound of rustling weeds. Somebody was heading in our direction. Richie and I performed a hasty about-face and made a beeline toward the backyard. When we reached our destination—the perimeter of a dense orchard of weeds that looked like an Iowan cornfield—we heard Johnny B calling out our names.
“Johnny B?” I said. “What’s going on?”
“Red and Peter are coming up the block.”
“Let’s get out of here…fast!” Richie said.
I gazed upon the imposing weed field that separated us from our escape route: a six-foot tall brick wall with wrought iron spikes along its top. Actually, all I could see of the wall were its iron spikes.
“It’s not going to be so easy scaling that thing.”
“If you have a better way of getting out of here, Bean, speak now or forever hold your peace. Otherwise, let’s vamoose! Or would you rather explain to Peter Napoleon what we’re doing back here?”
“How about going through the Becrelis yard next door?”
“Forget about it, Bean. We’d end up in their tomato patch and still be trapped. This is our best bet. Come on!”
The three of us charged through the maze of tall weeds to the wall’s perimeter. Richie promptly grabbed hold of a couple of spikes, hoisted himself up to the level where brick met iron, and secured sufficient foot traction. He then propelled himself over the wall with athletic aplomb. I followed him but fell back fast and hard into the weedy morass.
“I don’t think we’re going make it, Bean,” Johnny B, the eternal optimist, said. 
“We just have to take our time.” 
Richie, meanwhile, offered words of encouragement from the concrete grounds on the other side of the wall—communal backyards of three-family houses that he and I are accustomed to on Tibbett Avenue.
As I lifted my body up for another go at it, I felt a solid object strike the back of my neck. I turned around and looked down at a petrified Johnny B.
“What was that?” he asked.
“I just got hit by something.”
As soon as these words were out of my mouth, another object, followed by another one, fell around the two of us, including an empty bottle of Schaefer Beer, my father’s favorite brew. Both Johnny B and I glanced up at the back windows on the top floor and noticed that one of them was now wide-open. 
“They’re going to get us. They’re going to get us for sure. I know they are.” 
“Nobody’s going to get us, Johnny B,” I said in an attempt to remain calm, cool, and collected on the surface for both of our sakes.
“I don’t think I can make it, Bean. I’ll never get over that wall—no way.”
“Yes, you will, Johnny B. You go first. Go!” 
I reasoned that I had a better shot at scaling the wall without a one hundred and fifty pound nervous Nellie behind me. Besides, I just couldn’t leave him behind now. 
Johnny B tried once, twice, and a third time, but failed—rather spectacularly—to pull himself up to the flat surface that also accommodated an orderly line of iron spikes. After his last stab at it, he found himself prostrate atop a bristly cushion of weeds and facing the opened back window. 
“It’s her, Bean! I just saw her! God save us!” 
“Who?”
“The old lady!”
“Old Lady Kern?”
“Yeah, Bean, yeah…we’re chopped liver for sure!”
I spun my body around, looked up, but didn’t see a soul. 
“Go for it, Johnny B! Go, man…go!” I said.
Johnny B miraculously found super-human strength on his fourth try—that’s what a good scare will do sometimes—and made it to the other side in a nimble two-step. I followed him, but got clocked on the back of my head with a rocky shard resembling plaster from a crumbling wall or ceiling. I glanced over my shoulder at the opened window once again. Nobody was there. 
My next attempt at scaling the wall was just as clumsy and unsuccessful as my previous efforts. I was simultaneously tense and more than a little bit embarrassed because I was a much better athlete than Johnny B. What the hell is wrong with me? Despite a sneaker of mine getting wedged between two iron spikes, I at long last landed on cloud nine, which, at that moment, was anyplace other than the Kern’s backyard shooting gallery.
“What happened to your sneaker?” Richie asked before saying anything else.
“It got caught between a couple of spikes and fell back into the yard. Can we just forget about that now? Man, I’m just happy that’s the only thing that got caught.” 
While awkwardly standing in one purple PRO-Keds sneaker and one dirtied white tube sock, I gasped for my next few breaths. A newborn lump on the back of my head throbbed in unison with my pulse.
“You just want to leave it in there, Bean? Are you serious? We have to get that thing back.”
“Let’s stop worrying about a stupid sneaker and get the hell out of here!” Johnny B cried.
“Yeah, Richie, let’s go!” 
The three of us had weed lint all over our clothes and our legs were badly scratched from a particularly prickly species in the mix. Sweat stains in various shapes and sizes were now visible on the fronts and backs of our T-shirts—a byproduct of the heat, humidity, and our frenzied retreat. I sported a large one that resembled the continent of South America, and Johnny B had one that was shaped like Alfred Hitchcock’s head in profile.
Richie gestured at my shoeless foot. 
“You really want to go home like that? What’s your mother going to say when you tell her you lost one of your brand new sneakers? She’s not going to be too happy at you having to call upon Tru-Form for another pair so soon.” 
“I know, Richie, I know. But let’s just wait a little while, okay? Somebody back there was throwing things at our heads. I’ve got a golf ball-sized lump to prove it.”
“It was Red’s mother!” Johnny B said. “I saw the old lady at the window with my own two eyes.”
“Okay, okay, okay…we believe you. What’d she look like?”
“Well…she looked sort of like Bean said she did when he saw her. Like Blossom Rock—Ma-ma—on the Addams Family.”
“You don’t sound too sure of yourself. Bean, you didn’t see anything?”
“No, but a back window was opened sometime during our great escape, I’m sure of that much…and somebody was throwing rocks and beer bottles at us.”
“Big beer bottles, too,” Johnny B said. “I think it was a thirty-two ounce job.”
“It was a thirty-two ounce Schaefer Beer bottle. My father buys cases of them all the time from the beer store on Broadway. He has them delivered sometimes.”
“Would you two imbeciles forget about beer bottle sizes and the beer store! We have to get your sneaker back…and there’s no time like the present.”
“But Red and Peter were coming up the block!” Johnny B said.
“I know…so you’ve told us.” 
“Hey, where are our bats and gloves, Johnny B?” I asked as practical reality slowly but surely returned to center stage.
“Well…I don’t know exactly…but I guess I left them by the Kern’s front fence.”
“You guess you left them there?” I said.
“I was waiting for you guys…and…yeah…all our stuff was kind of leaning against the fence…I think.”
“You’re a real stupid ass, Johnny B!” Richie cried. “You know that!”
“You shut your big, dumb mouth! What was I supposed to do, Richie—take everything along with me?”
“Why not? You can’t carry a couple of bats and gloves.”
“For your information, smart guy, there was more than a couple!”
“What’s done is done,” I said. I hoped to put a lid on a potentially endless Richie-Johnny B back and forth, which they have mastered through years of practice.
“Hey, I’ve got an idea. Why don’t I get you an old pair of sneakers from my house, so you don’t have to go home like that? This way we don’t have to go back for it right now.”
“That’s a great idea, Johnny B.”
“We should go in there right this minute,” Richie said.
“With the Kern brothers around and the old hag or somebody at that window using us for target practice, let’s just forget about it for the time being, all right?”
“What about our equipment? That’s an expensive glove I have there.”
“Yeah, I know. My new aluminum bat is there as well. That cost me a few bucks, too. Richie, we should just lie low for a little while. We’d only be asking for trouble going back in there now.”
Richie resigned himself to this temporary delay in retrieving his glove and the rest of our things, including my stray sneaker. Still, he fancied himself the bravest one among our troika—Kingsbridge’s Man Who Shot Liberty Valance. In his eyes, Johnny B and I were hopeless scaredy-cats.
“If it wasn’t for you, Richie, none of this would have happened. So don’t go around blaming me,” Johnny B said. 
The three of us commenced walking south down the concrete backyards of Corlear Avenue residents, which border the backyards of the Kerns and—where we were headed—the Bauers, too. I felt self-conscious with only one shoe on, and more than a little concerned about stepping on pieces of broken glass and other sharp objects. These were, after all, rock-hard Bronx backyards that I was parading through, not the outfield grass in Yankee Stadium or the sands of Orchard Beach.
Johnny B had little problem scaling the chain-link fence into his backyard, which didn’t have wrought iron spikes on top of it. Although he could have entered via his back door, he scurried up the pathway to the front of the house instead. His mission: to find me an old pair of sneakers.
“I hope he has a size that’ll fit me. I didn’t even think of that.” 
“One of his little sisters’, maybe.”
“You know, Richie, you really should do stand-up; you’re such a card these days. Maybe there’s an opening on Saturday Night Live.”

5
Richie and I impatiently waited for Johnny B on the Corlear Avenue side of his backyard fence. He was taking an awful long time to perform this rudimentary task, we thought. To our great relief, he at long last emerged from inside and moseyed down the pathway leading to the backyard.
“Mission accomplished, Bean…I found you a pair!” he shouted out.
“What the hell took you so long?” Richie asked our dawdling friend through a chain-link fence filter.
“What do you mean by that?” 
“It’s been a half hour for Christ’s sake.”
“It hasn’t been any half hour!”
“Well, pokey-brain, whatever it was, you sure took your sweet time.”
“I had to make up an excuse to tell my mother, you know—why I had come back and what I was looking for.”
“Oh, right, and that took you a half hour—it makes perfect sense to me now. What were you doing in there? Mugging the Kojak doll?”
“If anybody’s been a total jerk-off this morning, it’s you, Richie.”
“It doesn’t matter,” I said, attempting again to cut short a potentially infinite Richie-Johnny B row. 
Johnny B tossed the sneakers over the fence to me and began scaling it. A seasoned climber by now, he had no problem getting to the other side. I removed my solitary sneaker and slipped on a pair of weather-beaten, white Converse high-tops. 
“They look pretty big,” Richie said.
“They’re Andrew’s. I found them under his bed.”
“Your brother’s? How tall is he? 6’3”? He must wear a size twenty, doofus!” 
“You shut your stupid, fat mouth! He doesn’t wear a size twenty!”
“Better big than small,” I said. “They fit on my feet. That’s good enough for the time being. Thanks, Johnny B. I really appreciate this.”
“No problem, Bean. I’d do anything for you, buddy…you know that.”
“Yeah…I know.”
“Oh, please, why don’t you two lovebirds get a room at the Deegan Motel?”
Despite feeling like a circus clown in my temporary footwear—a size thirteen on my size nine feet—it enabled the three of us to both plot out our next moves and get a move on. Foremost, we wanted to reclaim our gloves, bats, and balls—and, yes, eventually hunt down my lost sneaker.
Richie, Johnny B, and I decided to return to—for lack of a better description—the scene of the crime. We thought it prudent, though, to initially reconnoiter from a safe distance. With both Red and Peter more than likely on the premises, it made good sense to survey the front of the Kern place from the other side of the street.
“Well, Johnny B, where’d you leave our stuff?” Richie asked.
“Like I said…along the fence somewhere.”
“I don’t see anything there.”
“It looks like it’s not there anymore.”
“Oh, really? Thanks, genius…thanks a lot!”
“The Kern boys swiped our bats and gloves by the looks of things,” I said. “Now what?”
“And my balls, too.” 
“Yeah, sure, your balls, dickhead! I’m going to ring their bell and get it all back.”
“Ring their bell, Richie?” Johnny B said. “Have you flipped your raspberry?”
“I have a hunch their bell doesn’t work. They don’t use the front door anymore. They go in and out through the garage—you know that.”
“Okay, then, I’ll pound my fists on the garage door. If they have our things, I want them back! That piece of leather cost me a ton of bread—three day’s work in burger hell.”
“You know, Richie, somebody else could just as easily have walked off with our stuff.”
“Yeah, Bean, like whom pray tell?”
“Anybody who walked past the house.”
In the midst of this increasingly touchy wrangling of ours, a distant voice called out to us: “Are you looking for something, boys?” It was Mrs. Burke, who lives directly across the street from the Kerns. She stood just outside her front door on the landing of a small brick stoop. I’ve heard that she’s related to the Kerns in some way, but—despite possible familial ties and the close geographic proximity—I don’t think she has much, if any, contact with them anymore.
“Yeah, Mrs. Burke, we are!” I said very loudly so that the old lady could hear me. “We left our baseball equipment across the street for a few minutes…and it looks like somebody ran off with it.”
“In front of the Kern place?” she asked as the gap that separated us narrowed.
“Yeah…that’s right…just outside the front gate.” I chose not to furnish her with the particulars of why we were there in the first place, and why we left our things unattended.
“Well, you’re in luck, boys. I’ve got it all in my front hall.”
“You have our things?” Richie asked in disbelief.
“I saw you boys hanging around over there a little while ago and thought something wasn’t kosher. You’ll want to take my advice, boys, and stay away from those people and that house.”
“Why should we do that?” 
“Just trust me. You’re better off staying far, far away from that place across the street.”
“You don’t have to convince me, Mrs. Burke,” Johnny B said.
Ann Burke is a petite old widow who has been in the neighborhood forever. She is pleasant enough, I suppose, but there has always been something of the night about her—at least as far as I’m concerned. She reminds me a little too much of the Joker—Batman’s nemesis—with her trademark bright red lipstick, pasty complexion, and wavy, wig-like hairdo. A raspy voice, the consequence of both a phenomenal smoking and drinking habit, further enhances the woman’s peculiarity. On more than a few occasions, Mrs. Burke has been spotted stumbling home in the wee small hours of the morning. 
Combining my insatiable curious nature with some subtle eavesdropping—the adult world just doesn’t like passing on truly juicy tidbits of gossip to kids—I’ve deduced that Mrs. Burke emigrated from Ireland long before I was born to live with her aunt, uncle, and American cousins. When her aunt passed on, she married her uncle and became, ipso facto, a stepmother to her cousins. Mr. Burke has since joined his first wife in the celestial realm. If they did, in fact, reunite up there, I would imagine that he had some explaining to do.
Richie, Johnny B, and I ascended the several steps leading to Mrs. Burke’s front door. The homes on her side of the street—the west side—are completely different from those across the way, which is not uncommon in city neighborhoods like Kingsbridge that sprang to life in bits and pieces with the passage of time.
“Come on in, boys, come on in,” Mrs. Burke said.
“What do we all have to go in for?” Richie whispered in my ear. “Let’s just get our things and split.”
I shrugged my head as the three of us dutifully followed the lady of the house into her foyer. Our bats, gloves, and balls were there all right. The thought of little Mrs. Burke, with her ultra-bright red lips, hauling all our stuff across the street struck me as a fantastic visual that I wished I could have witnessed.
Mrs. Burke pointed to our myriad equipment like she was Carol Merrill on Let’s Make a Deal. “There it is, boys,” she said.
In what could honestly be described as a tight squeeze for four people, Richie, Johnny B, and I jostled one another as we reached for and snatched up our individual pieces of property. Our host intently watched us the whole time. When the barrel of my aluminum bat struck Johnny B on the back of his head, he made an over-the-top “ouch” grimace, which prompted Mrs. Burke’s sparkling red lips to form a thin smile.
“Come on into the living room, boys, for just one moment, please.” 
“No, we really have to be going,” Richie replied.
“Just for a moment, boys.”
With Richie casting me a series of restless glances, we entered Mrs. Burke’s living room. It wasn’t the neatest room on the block, but it was far from a hellhole—although everything in it did reek of cigarette smoke. Her furniture was mostly prehistoric, and she had yet to upgrade her television set to color. The strangest furnishing in the room was an automobile’s rubber tire resting flat in one corner. Johnny B seemed especially captivated by it.
“Mrs. Burke, why do you have a car’s tire in your living room?” he asked with child-like innocence as he approached it.
“Stay away from that, please, dear boy.” 
“Oh…okay…sorry.”
“Sit down, boys, sit down.”
Richie and Johnny B found seating on an old couch. I plopped down on a solitary hardback chair alongside it and watched as Richie impatiently fidgeted. I motioned for him to cool it, which he didn’t appreciate in the least. He likes being the man in charge—always—and testily bristles when any one of us does to him what he does to the wider world on a daily basis. 
“I’ve noticed you boys speaking from time to time with young James from across the street.”
“You mean ‘Red’?” Johnny B said.
“Is that what people call him?” Mrs. Burke replied. 
She hovered above us now, like a stern schoolteacher in the classroom, and fiddled with an unopened pack of Marlboro’s.
“Yeah, he’s known by that to just about everybody in the neighborhood. It’s the red hair.”
“Really, Johnny B? I thought he got the name because he was one of Chairman Mao’s Red Guards,” Richie interjected.
“Well, I think you should steer clear of that man…by whatever name he goes by…and that house as well.”
“Why exactly?” Richie asked. The whiff of potentially salacious gossip in the ether had suddenly energized him and made him quite inquisitive. 
“Because…it’s for the best.”
“That hardly answers my question, Mrs. Burke.”
“I know those people, boy…let me put it that way.”
“What exactly do you know about them that we don’t know?”
“I know enough about the family to offer you this very sound advice.”
“I agree with you one hundred percent, Mrs. Burke. I’m through having anything at all to do with the Kerns,” Johnny B said.
“You’re a very smart boy.”
“Yeah, he’s a real rocket scientist.”
“Mrs. Burke, do you know anything about the boy who went missing in the neighborhood a while back?” Johnny B asked. 
He’s got the biggest mouth in town, I thought, as I writhed on what was a very uncomfortable chair with two bats and a baseball glove—cradling my orphan sneaker inside it—wedged between my legs.
“I know a few things,” she said.
“What kinds of things?”
“Nothing you need to know, boy.”
“Do you think there’s a chance he could be buried somewhere on the Kern’s property?”
“Johnny B, you are such an idiot!” 
“You shut your big, dumb mouth, Richie!”
“Boys, boys, stop all the squabbling…please. No, there’s no boy buried on anybody’s grounds around here. That’s nothing more than old neighborhood tittle-tattle.”
“Did you know Red’s…uh…I mean…young James’s mother and father?” I asked.
“I knew them very well a long time ago.”
“Have you seen Mrs. Kern around lately?”
“I haven’t seen her in years.”
“How many years?”
“That’s not important, boy.”
Richie abruptly rose from the couch.
“Well…okay…thanks for retrieving our stuff, Mrs. Burke,” he said. “We’ll certainly take into consideration what you’ve just told us.” 
“You’re very welcome, boys, but please do remember what I said. Avoid young James and, if you know what’s good for you, keep away from that place across the street. You were very lucky today.”
“Right, we’ll definitely keep what you said in mind,” I said. “Thanks again for gathering up our things like you did. It really means a lot to us.” 
“Happy to have been of service, boys.”
Mrs. Burke lit a cigarette and accompanied the three of us down the short hallway to her front door. Johnny B couldn’t help but repeatedly turn around and gaze upon the living room’s car tire. With both his eyes and brain more focused on this donut-shaped piece of rubber than in where he was going, he barreled hard into Richie on the way out, ensuring more discord to come.

6
Richie massaged the back of his neck after his mini-collision with Johnny B in the vicinity of Mrs. Burke’s welcome mat, which spelled out “Home Sweet Home.”
“You are such a clumsy oaf, Johnny B, you know that!”
“I said I was sorry. What more do you want from me?”
“I want you to disappear…vanish…make like a banana and split…that’s what I want from you.”
“No harm done,” I said. “Let’s go.”
The three of us dashed down Mrs. Burke’s front steps and hung a right in the direction of our respective home sweet homes. A diagonal slice across the street put us in front of Johnny B’s place.
“What do you make of what Old Lady Burke just told us?” I asked as we paused for a breather and recap.
“She’s right on the mark…that’s what I make of it.”
“Right on the mark about what exactly, Johnny B?” Richie said.
“About talking with Red all the time, trying to look inside his house, or even going back later to get Bean’s sneaker.”
“I think Johnny B might be on to something.” 
“You guys are two peas in the pod—afraid of your own shadows. So much for all Bronx progeny being tough as nails. Bean, are you saying now that you don’t want your sneaker back?”
“I’m not saying that at all.”
“It sure sounded like that to me.”
“I’ll get it back…eventually.”
“Yeah, Bean, when? After the hurricane season? Maybe after the first frost when all the weeds have croaked? I have an even better idea: Why not just wait until the new millennium…the year 2000? The coast should be clear by then.”
“No, Richie…the sooner the better.”
“Tonight then?”
“You’ve got to be kidding me, Richie,” Johnny B said. “After what Mrs. Burke just told us, you would risk it.”
“What exactly did Old Lady Red Lips tell us, Johnny B? Jack Squat! Risk what?” 
“For starters: risk getting clocked in the head with rocks and bottles. How about getting squashed like a bug by Peter? You see the size of that guy, Richie? He’s like three of us.”
“If you mean that he’s Mr. Pignati—then yes, I’ve noticed. And he’s more like two of you and five of Bean.”
“I wouldn’t want to mess with him, Richie. I heard he tried to strangle someone outside of the Terminal bar on Broadway last month.”
“Appears he was unsuccessful, Johnny B, doesn’t it? He’s still walking the streets…free as a bird.”
“Free as a big bird, Richie. Let’s just scope out the place later, okay?” I said. “We can decide then whether to go back in or not.”
“What do you mean we can decide then?” 
“Just what I said, Richie. Why is that so difficult for you to comprehend? Let’s see what’s going on at the house. If fat Peter’s around, I’d rather not be parading through Weed City with a flashlight.”
“Peter works nights. He won’t be around.”
“You can’t be one hundred percent certain of that, Richie.”
“What about the Fallout Zone, Bean? You would take the chance of getting zonked in the head with another rock or a thirty-two ounce Schaefer Beer bottle…to get a stupid sneaker back?” Johnny B asked in astonishment. 
“Let’s just play it by ear, okay?”
“We’re going to get that thing back tonight. I’ll do all the heavy lifting, so you two can stop soiling your BVDs. If it’ll make you feel better, Johnny B, I’ll wear my football helmet.”
“I’ve had enough excitement for now,” Johnny B said. “It’s almost time for lunch anyway. Later, you guys.”
“Later, Johnny B. And thanks again for the sneakers. I’ll get them back to you as soon as possible.”
“No hurry, Bean.”
Richie and I continued down the street and came to rest on the steps of my front stoop. We had come full circle and were back where we started. Richie sat down on the second to last step of the stoop and rested his head on an ornate concrete flowerpot crafted by my grandfather twenty years earlier. Handy Italians from the old country, like him, made all kinds of things to adorn their homes, and many of their creations are on display in the neighborhood.
“Bean, do you honestly believe what that old lady told us has some deeper meaning?”
“It’s hard to say…but she kind of creeps me out.” 
I joined Richie on a stoop step—albeit a higher one—and promptly yanked off my substitute pair of sneakers. 
“God…these things were murder on my feet.”
“Size thirteen on a size nine foot will do that. Stuff some newspaper in them when you get upstairs.”
“No thanks. I’m retiring them here and now…for eternity…and forevermore.”
“Do you have another pair lying around?”
“I didn’t chuck out my last pair.”
“With the big holes on the bottoms?”
“As long as it’s not raining, they’re wearable.”
“Barely, I’d say.”
“Well…whatever…they’ll have to do for the time being. What choice do I have?”
“Bean, why do you suppose Burke crossed the street in the first place to get our bats and gloves? That was just weird to begin with,” Richie said.
“I know what you’re saying…but maybe it was her way of getting our undivided attention or something like that. I wish I could have seen her doing it though—the old bat retrieving our bats.”
“Man, I’d really love to know what she’s not telling us about those crazies. You know what, though…it’s probably something mundane like they’re a strange crew who can drink everybody and anybody in the neighborhood under the table.”
“Maybe, but Johnny B thought it was going to be that a kid’s skeletal remains are buried in their backyard.”
“Yeah…and when Burke told him it was just a neighborhood tall tale,” Richie said, “you would have thought he was hearing there is no such thing as Santa Claus for the first time.”
“But at least he had that car tire in the living room to take his mind off of the deceased. Richie, I dare you to come up with a logical reason why an old lady would have such a thing in her living room!”
“It’s probably where she keeps her stash.”
“She’s going to stash her money in a car tire in the living room?”
“Not her money, Bean…her booze.”
“Why would she hide that in a giant rubber tire? She lives alone in a big house. And who would she be hiding it from anyway?”
“Don’t ask me. Old habits are sometimes hard to break.”
“Add that particular to your to-do list, Richie. First, have a peek inside the Kern’s humble living quarters, and then search Old Lady Burke’s car tire for whiskey and vodka bottles.”
“Funny that you should say that…”
“I think we’ve had enough excitement for a while, don’t you?” 
“Enough, of course, until tonight.”
“Man, I don’t know. Somebody was throwing stuff at Johnny B and me. He says it was Old Lady Kern at the window. And then Old Lady Burke warns us to stay away from the Kerns and tells us how very lucky we were today. What if she really does know something?”
“Look, yellow belly, you lost a sneaker that can be easily recovered. It’s got to be near where you scaled the fence. Unlike you, spaz, I can get over that thing in a flash. You were more pathetic this morning than blubber boy.”
“You’re never going to let me live that down, I see.”
“That’s right…I’m not. What are you going to tell your mother in the meantime about your sudden loss?”
“The truth…more or less…I guess.”
“More or less—you guess? Wow…Bean.”
“I don’t know. Since we were headed over to Vanny before you took us on the little detour, I’ll just say that I lost it in the park or something like that.”
“How exactly could you lose a shoe playing baseball in Vanny?” 
“I’ll just wing it, Richie, okay? I’ll tell her that we’re going to go back for it later.”
“Why would we go back for it later and not have searched for it the moment you lost it? Your story already has more holes in it than that old pair of sneakers of yours.”
“I’ll think of something plausible. Don’t worry about me.”
“Good luck with that. By the way, I’m going over to the Wheel this afternoon. You want to walk me over there? I need a new tube for my front tire.”
“I thought you patched that thing up a couple of days ago.”
“I did, but it’s not holding the air. The tube’s shot.”
“Yeah…okay. But come on, Richie, don’t you think it’s time to get yourself a new set of wheels? You’re getting a little too old to be riding around on a bright yellow Sting-Ray with a stick shift, speedometer, and banana seat. I’m really shocked that you—Mr. Big Spender—haven’t gotten yourself a state-of-the-art big-boy bicycle.”
“Bean, you can extol the virtues of your Schwinn Paramount big-boy bike all you like. As far as I’m concerned, my Sting-Ray is the Mustang of bicycles. I’m keeping that baby in perpetuity.”
“In perpetuity to pass on to Richie Ragusa, Jr. no doubt. Okay, I’ll catch up with you after lunch then. I think I’ll shower and change clothes, too—delouse myself. I’ve got bugs crawling around my underwear right now…and all thanks to you.”
“Poor, poor Bean.”
Carrying Andrew Bauer’s old pair of Converse sneakers in my arms, along with my baseball glove and bats, I walked into the front hallway in my stocking feet. My socks were speckled with miscellaneous dirt particles and weedy vestiges that tenaciously clung to the fabric. I dropped the old sneakers down with my equipment, making certain my solitary purple PRO-Keds shoe was snug—and invisible—inside my glove.

7
After taking a cold, cleansing shower and finishing my lunch—a Steak-umm sandwich with a side of Fritos corn chips—I found Richie waiting for me on the landing of his stoop, which is separated from mine by a couple of concrete flower pots and a stone lion painted white.
“I’m clean as a whistle and completely reenergized after my Steakummmmm sandwich,” I said. “Raring and ready to go for Act II.”
“Very cool footwear,” Richie replied as he pointed to my old sneakers. “What did your mother say when you fed her the line?”
“I left the old Cons in the hallway before going upstairs. She’s none the wiser. I figured: Why concoct some cock and bull story when I didn’t have to? I’m going to get the sneaker back soon enough.”
“Man, you’re talking real tough now. What’s come over you, Bean? The ice-cold shower? Did you put a courage condiment on your steak sandwich? I’m going to get the sneaker back soon enough—well, that’s progress.”
“Richie, you really ought to listen to yourself one of these days.”
“Bean, before lunch you were the leaning tower of aspic and qualifying everything you said with maybe and we’ll see.”
“We can’t all be as fearless as you, Richie.”
“Truer words have never been spoken.” 
“Well, Macho Macho Man, we will see—that’s the cold, hard reality.”
“What have you got in there?” Richie asked upon noticing the old wrinkled Grand Union supermarket paper bag that I had in my hand.
“It’s Andrew’s sneakers. I figured I’d drop them off at Johnny B’s on our way to the Wheel.”
“Just leave them by his front door, okay? I’d rather he not tag along with us. I need a breather from him—at least until tonight.”
“No, I want to hand them over in person. If Mrs. Bauer ever found an anonymous bag at her doorstep with a pair of sneakers in it, she’d probably call the FBI.”
“Then just leave them here for now. Give them to him later. I don’t understand this sense of urgency of yours to return a ratty pair of sneakers that nobody needs.”
“Okay, okay, it’s no big deal. Don’t have a cow, man!” I said as I placed them down alongside my baseball equipment just inside the front door, and at the bottom of the steep steps leading to my upper-floor apartment. 
“What do you say to going up PS 7 hill? We can avoid passing Johnny B’s that way. He’s liable to be sitting on his front porch right about now…eating that after-lunch Good Humor strawberry shortcake he loves so much.”
“It’s running into Red and Peter that concerns me…so I’d be more than happy to,” I replied in concert with locking my front door.
“Quit worrying about the Kern brothers. You’re getting to be as neurotic as Johnny B when it comes to them.”
Not a solitary soul was in sight as both Richie and I cast our eyes up the street. Not Johnny B; not Red or Peter; not Mrs. Burke; nobody at all. With the sun higher in the sky now, and the day’s ever-increasing humidity causing us to sweat profusely—even while idle—there was no getting around the fact that it was an exceptionally uncomfortable afternoon, even by New York City summer standards. The route we chose to the Wheel, a small bicycle shop on Kingsbridge Avenue, found us walking east on W232nd Street and past the intersecting Corlear Avenue, then up the very steep and treeless incline that borders PS 7, a neighborhood public school that hosts kindergarten through the sixth grade. Richie, Johnny B, and I graduated from St. John’s Middle School, which accommodates the seventh and eighth grades, on the opposite side of the street. 
As we ascended the hill, an audible buzz from PS 7’s front schoolyard—day campers at play—could be heard. Several summers ago—against my wishes—my mother enrolled me in this very day camp. Bored silly, my day-camping experience lasted a week—if even that. I recall making key chains out of multiple colors of vinyl lace while there, but not much else. The camp counselors supplied us with mounds of the stuff. 
When we reached the top of the hill, Richie and I hung a left and passed by the school’s Kingsbridge Avenue entrance. From the looks of things, campers were engaged in a highly competitive whiffle ball game. Kingsbridge Avenue is lined with mostly pre-war, six-storey apartment buildings. It is sort of the dividing line that separates the back streets of the quieter Corlear, Tibbett, and Irwin Avenues from the more populated and boisterous hub of that neighborhood that leads down to Broadways and the El. 
Richie and I continued traveling north as the street descended to the intersection of W234th Street, where it leveled off. A Mister Softee truck—too loudly playing its familiar ice cream jingle—drove by us. It was grating to our ears. The scorching hot sun seemed to have set its sights on this particular stretch of sidewalk. My late grandfather was apt to say of this sort of weather: “The sun is a demon today.” 
“Man-o-man, I feel like a chicken on the rotisserie in Butcher Boy,” I said.
“I feel more like a frankfurter on Loeser’s griddle.”
“Broiling in the front window—that’s hot all right.”
As we approached the W236th Street intersection—fast closing in on our destination—Richie and I observed a scuffle of some kind directly across the street from us at the neighborhood’s police station, the 50th precinct. Somebody in handcuffs was being ushered in via the front entrance. With his head bowed low, we couldn’t make out a face or establish a definitive picture of what the commotion was all about. 
Just to the stationhouse’s north is a McDonald’s restaurant, which opened up to great fanfare in the neighborhood several years ago. Richie made some disparaging remarks about how much he disliked working there. This is par for the course with him. He loathed his first job at Pat Mitchell’s mom-and-pop grocery store on W231st Street, then the one as a cashier at Waldbaum’s supermarket, and—worst of all—hated with a passion his brief stint as a busboy at Arthur’s diner on Broadway.
“Why don’t you just quit then and go to work for the fruit business?” I said. Richie’s family owns a large and thriving fruit market in Astoria, Queens. His father, though, is curiously adamant that his youngest son find employment elsewhere. On more than one occasion, I’ve been told that Mr. Ragusa has his reasons, although I’ve never been enlightened as to what they are. 
“Yeah, right, I’ll do that.”
“Why not?”
“You know why not!”
“No, I don’t.”
“Forget about it, okay?”
“Yeah, okay. You just don’t like wearing that silly McDonald’s hat. It’s beneath your dignity.”
“That’s right, it is. But I guess it’s better than cleaning fish tanks and bird cages all day long.”
“Don’t knock it until you’ve tried it,” I said. 
“Yeah, you must really love your job.”
I work part-time in a small pet shop called Pets Unlimited on W231st Street. My duties include cleaning up all kinds of creatures’ cages, pens, and living quarters. While my job responsibilities are occasionally repellent, I’m grateful that my work involves mostly interacting with non-two-legged animals. If there is one drawback in working there, it’s that I always want to go home with one of the shop’s puppies or kittens. Dogs and cats, though, are strictly verboten in the Casale household.
“I saw a ‘Help Wanted’ sign in Music Man.”
“Yeah…well…I’d just assume make French fries and thick shakes, thank you very much.”
“I could ask my mom about getting you a job in Fuhrman’s. You’d just love helping the local ladies try on their lingerie.”
“Forget it, Bean. What’s the median age of the Fuhrman customer: seventy-five? No, assisting grandmas with their bras and girdles just wouldn’t cut it for me. I’ll leave that sort of thing to your mother.” 
“Maybe the Wheel needs a hand?” 
“Yeah…maybe. I’ll inquire with the Man-Lady when we get there.” 
The Wheel is situated directly opposite the McDonald’s parking lot with a bird’s-eye view of the elevated subway tracks on Broadway, where the Number 1 train—the Seventh Avenue local—barrels back and forth day and night from here in the Northwest Bronx to lower Manhattan. We’ve christened the individual who owns the place the “Man-Lady,” because distinguishing the proprietor’s gender is not a slam-dunk. When all is said and done, though, the Man-Lady is the latter. She wears what I call “maintenance man pants,” stylish “Vince Lombardi glasses,” and has a considerable rear end that accentuates her sartorial tastes. The Man-Lady walks with a pronounced limp, too, which adds further color to her incomparable persona. 
When I was a mere lad, my palms would literally sweat and my heartbeat race whenever I walked into the Wheel’s poorly lit interior. One too many burned out and never replaced fluorescent light bulbs supply the place with a shadowy, dungeon-like ambiance. Really, it’s an apropos setting for the Man-Lady to ply her trade. While she’s an intimidating presence for sure, she definitely knows her stuff. When it comes to tightening bicycle brakes, I don’t know of anyone who can hold a candle to her.
I followed closely behind Richie as the two of us gingerly entered the Wheel’s gloomy showroom. Bells attached to the inside of the door alerted the owner, who was repairing a bicycle in a backroom, that she had a customer. The Man-Lady poked her head out to see who was there. I detected her beady eyes—behind the Vince Lombardi glasses—glowering in our general direction. In no particular hurry, she eventually waded through a labyrinth of bicycles—both for sale and for rent—to the front of the shop.
“What can I do for you?” she asked in the snippy tone of someone who clearly preferred fixing bikes, without interruption, to making nickel and dime sales with teenagers.
Richie furnished the Man-Lady with his Sting-Ray bicycle tire particulars. Without uttering a word, she walked away from the counter area where we were standing to a rack containing tubes and miscellaneous bicycle parts. She found what Richie needed, returned, and completed the transaction. After mumbling a perfunctory “Thank you,” Richie and I watched her waddle away to her backroom sanctum. We exited the Wheel as we had entered it—serenaded by the front door’s jingle bells.
“Man-o-man, she’s got some derriere,” I said.
“You really seem fascinated by that, Bean. The things you take special notice of these days really and truly astound me.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“I think it’s time we sat down and had that man-to-man talk.”
“I’m afraid we’ll be short one man,” I said.
“You are certainly right on that score! What in heaven’s name was I thinking?”

8
“Yeah…sure…I’m game,” I said in response to Richie’s hankering to return home via Tibbett Avenue and past the Kern house.
“You are? I can’t believe it! Bean, are you sure you won’t wet your pants en route?”
“You know, Richie, I’m really getting sick and tired of you going on these days like you’re somehow the neighborhood’s Dirty Harry while the rest of us are a bunch of Barney Fifes. If we had just gone to Vanny as we planned to do this morning, none of this crap would have happened. Quit acting like you have something over us…because you don’t, tough guy!”
“You are getting to sound more and more like Johnny B with each passing day, you know that?”
“Maybe that’s because Johnny B’s more in touch with reality than you are, jerk-off!”
“How’s that again?”
“Richie, do you ever consider the consequences of the things you do? It’s time you got real, man! Why do you think your father doesn’t want you going even near the Kern place? There is a reason for that. And why have my parents warned me to keep my distance from Red and all his Cream Sam talk? There is a reason for that. Come on…if fat Peter had trapped us in the backyard today, God knows what he would have done to us. He’s a freaking nut job! And after seeing Red blow a gasket a few weeks ago, I’d just assume be on the safe side from now on and take Old Lady Burke’s advice to stay away—far away—from that stinking place. None of this means anything to you, I guess…”
“Come off your soapbox, Bean! We’re talking about getting your damn sneaker back—that’s all! My life doesn’t revolve around me talking with some retard packrat in his driveway every few days.”
“Why exactly did you go into their backyard today? And don’t tell me it was a test run for some future spying operation!”
“You’re letting your imagination run away with you, Bean, that’s your problem…and Johnny B’s, too. Red passing by this morning like the walking dead amounts to nothing…nada…zilch! The guy’s not all there! Why should that have surprised you? Take a chill pill…a couple while you’re at it!”
“You know what you can do with your chill-pill dispensary…”
“Little Pinto Bean is really pissed at me this afternoon.”
“Come on, Richie, own up to it! Red’s meltdown a couple of weeks ago even got to you—oh Fearless One.”
“I don’t deny that was a real bummer.”
“It was more than just a bummer. We all agreed that we’d steer clear of Red’s place and that we weren’t going back. I don’t remember you crusading to be a peeping Tom that night.”
“That’s right, I wasn’t. But our old pal Red invited us back for an encore. You’re the one who accepted the invitation. Have you forgotten that already? You have a short memory, Bean, when it comes to your many failings. You could have said no to him, you know. And he seemed like his abnormal self a couple of nights ago, didn’t he? Now all of a sudden your BVDs are in a knot over what happened this morning. I don’t get it.”
“Fooey on you, man! You want us to camp out in a field of weeds and stick our arms through broken glass—and at night to boot. Why? To see if the Kern’s living room looks anything like the Munsters’. That’s totally whacked!”
“Fooey on you, man. Bean, would you listen to yourself? You’re frothing at the mouth. You sound like a raving lunatic. What do you say we just concentrate on getting your sneaker back and forget about the spying game for now, okay?”
“Fair enough,” I said, exhausted at having gone toe-to-toe with Richie, which I generally try to avoid. He can sometimes be extremely domineering and caustic, but I’ve learned to live with all that and, when all is said and done, have gotten along with him pretty well for a very long time. However, it’s not a figment of my imagination that he’s saying more and more insensitive things to his oldest and closest friends these days—and I don’t why. 
My mom always says that we teenagers are at the beck and call of our “raging hormones.” This is the sum and substance of her coming-of-age life counsel. I dare say that, in Richie’s case, his “raging hormones” are quite literally raging. He fancies himself a real lady’s man with his thick head of dark red hair, baby blues, and athletic build. While he’s only a half-inch or so taller than me at five foot ten, I will concede that he strikes a much more imposing figure. Physically, Richie overshadows me and my string bean build, brown eyes, and less luxurious mop of dirty blond hair.
After standing more or less stationary at the corner of W236th Street and Kingsbridge Avenue during our contentious give and take, the two of us briefly contemplated walking one block over to Carvel on Broadway for some ice cream. 
“What do you say we get a couple of sodas at the deli instead?” I said.
“Why? You’re not up for a thick shake?”
“Ice cream would just make me more thirsty on a day like today.”
“I’m buying,” Richie said. I’ve learned through the years that this is his way of letting bygones be bygones. 
“How about buying me an ice-cold 7-Up instead? You get off cheaper that way.”
“Okay…one bottle of the uncola coming your way,” Richie replied in a not too shabby Geoffrey Holder impersonation.
“Ha…ha…ha…ha,” I said.
From our perspective as W231st Street loyalists, an obscure delicatessen—Cavallo’s—conducted business on the corner where we now stood. It wasn’t a place that we typically patronized. The stores on this strip, including the Wheel, are—in an urban sort of way—off the beaten trail.
On Richie’s nickel, I snatched a sixteen-ounce bottle of 7-Up out of the deli’s refrigerator freezer. He grabbed a Nedick’s orange soda for himself. The counterman asked us if we wanted “siphon hoses” with our drinks. He meant straws and we said yes.
With our carbonated beverages in hand, and siphon hoses barely poking out of the bottles, Richie and I began our trek home to Tibbett Avenue, a couple of blocks to the west. The sodas were undeniably welcome but only transitory elixirs in warding off the afternoon’s oppressive heat and humidity. 
“Man-o-man, is it ever hot!” Richie said.
“It’s not the heat, it’s the humidity, Richie” I replied. This banal rejoinder is a lazy, hazy, crazy days of summer inside joke of ours. It seems that certain older folks in our life circles liberally employ this cliché during this time of year. Granted, the high humidity made the day a whole lot more unbearable than it would otherwise be. But the ninety-five degrees temperature wasn’t exactly an innocent bystander.
“Looky yonder, there’s Benjy-boy!” I said. 
Directly in front of us, Benjy Thomas crossed the W236th Street intersection on Corlear Avenue. He was on his way home from work, I suspected, from his job at the Van Cortlandt Sporting Goods store on W242nd Street and Broadway, which is also the beginning or the end—depending on which way one is going—of the Number 1 subway line. 
“What do you say there, Benjy-boy?” Richie shouted out to him.
“Hey…what’s up? Where are you guys coming from?” 
“I needed a tube for my bicycle tire,” Richie said while holding it up above his head.
“A tube for a tire on that relic with the banana seat that you call a bicycle?”
“The one and only.”
“What’s shaking with the Man-Lady?”
“As always, Benjy, she was a sight for sore eyes in her chic maintenance man pants and designer Vince Lombardi glasses,” I said.
Benjy laughed loudly at my quip. In sharp contrast to Richie’s derisive cackle, he has a distinctive and sonorous sort of laugh.
“How have you been, Matt? I haven’t seen you around for a few days.” For some reason, Benjy always addresses me by my given name and not my common nickname.
“I’ve been around. It’s you who always seem to be working.”
“Yeah, you’re probably right. Vacation time for one of my bosses means more hours for me.”
“You coming from the job now?” Richie asked.
“Yeah, I opened up the place today. I was supposed to be off. You know how it is.”
“Tell me about it,” Richie said.
Are you guys game for a little stickball this afternoon?”
“It’s a bit hot for that, Benjy, don’t you think?” 
“When did you go soft on us, Ragu?” Benjy replied, employing Richie’s only occasionally used nickname.
“No, I’m game. We need one more body for a two on two.”
“Johnny B’s not around?”
“Oh…he’s probably available.”
“Get him then.”
“But he sucks in stickball, you know that…and at lots of other things, too”
“I’ll take him on my side. I seem to recall that we beat you guys without breaking a sweat the last time.”
“In that case, I’ll see you when…”
“Let’s see…it’s almost one-thirty. Give me, say, forty-five minutes. I want to eat something and shower. I’ll meet you down at your place.”
The three of us continued walking south on Corlear Avenue until we reached Benjy’s house somewhere in the middle of the block. He lives among a tightly attached row of two-story single-family homes that never appealed to me. Everybody is on top of everyone else there—and no side windows!
“How are you guys fixed for balls?” 
“I’m fine,” Richie replied, “but I don’t know about Bean here.” 
Benjy didn’t laugh, which I appreciated under the circumstances.
“Actually, Benjy, our tennis ball inventory runneth over,” I said. “We were looking for you on Sunday to help us forage the woods behind the Century’s tennis courts.” The Century is a mammoth building that recently opened in Riverdale, the more pedigreed neighborhood that borders Kingsbridge to its west. It has several outdoor tennis courts where players lose balls—by the bucketful—in the surrounding woods.
“How many did you find?”
“Forty-one! Like new!”
“Forty-one! You’re kidding me, Matt! That’s awesome! Your favorite number, too.”
“Tom Terrific. He’ll always be a Met as far as I’m concerned.”
“Ditto, Matt. I’m haven’t quite recovered from last year’s Midnight Massacre.”
“Don’t remind me.”
Okay, I’ll see you guys in a bit.” 
Benjy walked down a narrow concrete pathway leading to a few steps and his front door.
“You’re really looking forward to the stickball game, Bean…I can tell.” 
“Yeah…so what…why wouldn’t I be?” 
“You get to see the Great One in action.”
“The Great One? What are you are talking about?”
“Come on, man, you know exactly what I’m talking about.”
“No, Richie, I don’t! Is Jackie Gleason going to play with us?”
“The way you look at him…”
“The way I look at whom?”
“At Benjy.”
Richie contorted his face into what was supposed to convey an adoring, love-struck expression. 
“You’re just jealous of Benjy-boy because he’s a better athlete than you,” I said.
“He’s better than you in spades!” 
“I never said he wasn’t.” I had obviously struck a nerve.
“Why don’t you just own up to how you feel about him, Bean? I mean…the look on your face when he’s in your presence…it’s positively precious. I think you even had a little boner action going on there.”
“Interesting…but you never say anything like that with Benjy around. I wonder why? When you come right down to it, you’re a coward with a capital C.”
Casanova Richie, with his healthy head of tomato meat sauce-colored hair, smugly snickered at my last remark. 
“Bean, anything more than peach fuzz growing above your lip yet?”
“Can’t say that it is. But then…I’m not really interested in looking like Burt Reynolds.”
“You don’t ever have to worry about that. You’re stuck with the Royal Dano look, I’m afraid, for the rest of your life.”
“Richie, there’s more to being a man than hanging a Farrah Fawcett poster on your bedroom wall.”
“Something we’ll never see in your bedroom.”
“Oh, pardon me…I forgot that I can’t compete in the he-man game with a full-blooded Sicilian boy like you.”
Richie has on occasion referred to me as a “mutt”—good naturedly, of course—because of my hybrid family tree. My paternal grandparents came to this country from the Venice region of Italy and settled in lower Manhattan. They had two sons—lifelong bachelor Uncle Paul, the oldest, and my dad, who married a non-Italian woman. My mother, the former Julia Winslow, can trace her roots all the way back to seventeenth century New England and the original colonies. I kind of like this old world meets new world bloodline. Richie can have his Godfather ways and secrets. 
Honestly, my old friend and neighbor is getting harder and harder to figure. He seems to derive genuine pleasure nowadays in exploiting our weaknesses—or our presumed weaknesses—and never hesitates to pounce. And Richie wasn’t always like that, which is the sad part as far as I’m concerned. Johnny B, for one, has weight issues. He’s not a fatso, but then he really doesn’t have to be to wear that sorry label around his neck like an albatross. He’s a couple of inches shorter than me, I’d estimate, but weighs maybe thirty or thirty-five pounds more. Richie goes there a lot more than he did in the not-too-distant past and it’s often a stinging blow to the extremely sensitive and all-around good egg, Johnny B, who would do just about anything for his friends, like getting me that pair of sneakers this morning. There are some girls who actually think Johnny B is pretty cute with his blond hair and green “puppy dog eyes”—a vulnerable look with a personality to match.
With Benjy and me, it’s more of the same. Richie just won’t let go of it. Now, I’m the first to admit that Benjy is not only a good-looking guy but good at most everything he does. He’s approximately Richie’s size, blond-haired, and blue-eyed. I used to tell him that he was a dead ringer for Luke Halpin, who played Sandy on Flipper. Benjy never, ever had a trace of acne on his face, which is the bane—at least some of the time—of just about everybody our age, including Richie, Johnny B, and me. He’s also got these naturally perfect teeth. Personally, I think Richie is extremely jealous of how Benjy makes things look so effortless. 
What really sets Benjy apart, though, is his extraordinarily considerate personality. He remembers people’s birthdays with cards and gifts, and sends out thank you notes for things that most of us take for granted. And it’s genuine. He’s not an Eddie Haskell suck-up. My mother received a note of thanks for a hamburger she cooked for Benjy one afternoon while he was at our house. She still talks about it. Most guys our age don’t do stuff like that. I certainly don’t.

9
When Richie and I turned the corner at W234th Street onto Tibbett Avenue, a squad car from the 50th precinct was parked at the curbside very near, or possibly even directly in front of, the Kern house. While I had hoped for a respite from the day’s Kern-a-thon, I resigned myself to the fact that it was not to be.
“Let’s cross the street and walk on the other side,” I said as I cradled my now empty 7-Up bottle in my hand.
“Why?” Richie asked. “I doubt the cops are on the scene to arrest us for running through the botanical weed garden.”
“All the same, Richie, let’s just do it, okay?”
“If it’ll make you feel better, yellow belly.” 
Richie and I made our way across the street and ever so slowly ambled down the block. We passed by Mrs. Burke’s house—directly opposite the Kern’s—and then paused. 
“There’s nobody in the thing,” I said as the two of us fixed our eyes on a blue and white police squad car. “Do you think they’re in the house?”
“How do I know? They could be anywhere. And maybe this has got nothing at all to do with the Kerns. We just might be letting our imaginations get the best of us here…and we don’t even have Johnny B to blame.”
When a rasping cry of “Hello there, boys!” disrupted the overall stillness of the steamy afternoon, Richie and I were momentarily startled. My 7-Up bottle fell to the ground and smashed into a zillion pieces on the sidewalk. We quickly regained our composure, though, when we realized that it was Mrs. Burke, who had stepped out onto her front stoop. 
“Hello,” I said. “What’s going on over there?”
“Policemen are on the premises, boys.”
“What happened?” Richie asked.
“Can’t say exactly, but young James was taken away a little while ago.”
“Red?” I said.
“Yes, your friend with the red locks from across the street. There are officers inside the house right now. One policeman was poking around on the outside just before you boys turned up.”
“Any sign of Mrs. Kern?” 
“I’ve not seen her…no.”
“How about Peter?” Richie asked.
“Young James was alone when they took him away. Don’t know where that wicked brother of his is.”
“What do you suppose they’re looking for?” I said.
“My boy, they could be looking for a whole lot of things…a whole lot of things. Trust me on that.”
“Like what?” Richie asked. “Come on, Mrs. Burke, give us a teensy-weensy hint. You’ve warned us to keep our distance from the Kern place and the whole darn family. I think we have a right to know why. You’re not talking to Spanky and Alfalfa here.”
“Just heed my advice, boy, and you’ll be fine.”
Mrs. Burke executed a sudden and swift one-eighty, went back inside the house, and slammed tight her front door. Perhaps the midday heat was too much for her. With an exasperated look on his face, Richie stared at her closed door. He had hoped to further cross-examine the old lady—Perry Mason style—until he got some information out of her. While simultaneously performing a mock wave, he mimed the words: bye-bye.
“She’s a hard nut to crack, Richie.” 
“She’s an embalmed old boozehound…that’s what she is.”
“Man, I really hate to leave all this broken glass on the sidewalk here. Somebody could cut themselves on this mess. Somebody’s dog even.”
“Right, Bean, why don’t you knock on Burke’s door and ask for a broom and dustpan? Or, at the very least, go ring Rabbi Turk’s bell next door and warn him not to walk his dog in the vicinity of your broken 7-Up bottle. Come on, already!”
“Yeah…okay…”
“Time to summon blubber boy.”
“Richie, would you knock it off with that.”
“With what?”
“Calling him blubber boy. You know that really hurts his feelings.”
“He’s a big boy, Bean.”
“Oh, so big boys don’t have feelings? I really don’t get you sometimes. That’s really mean, man.”
“Okay, okay, perhaps we shouldn’t tell Arnold Ziffel about this latest wrinkle in the Kern saga. He’ll just worry all afternoon about his imminent arrest for trespassing.”
“Well, come on, Richie, you have to admit that it’s kind of coincidental that we were there this morning, and now the cops show up.”
“Coincidental? How do you figure? We stomped on some weeds and you lost a sneaker. That…somehow…makes us accessories to a crime?”
“No, but we were in their backyard while stuff was flying through the air.”
“Oh, right, how in heaven’s name could I forget that airborne thirty-two ounce Schaefer Beer bottle.”
“You think that’s a big joke. What if Johnny B or I had gotten socked in the head with that thing?”
“You’d have a very bad headache right now.”
“Or be in a hospital bed! You have to at least concede that it’s been a very strange day for us, beginning with me seeing Red in that trance-like state.”
“I’ll concede the point and…you know…maybe that’s the missing piece to this whole puzzle,” Richie said. 
“What is?”
“Something was stirring in Red’s pea brain this morning; he summons his big brother, Mr. Piggy Peter; and we just happened to be on the scene when they returned.”
“Yeah, right, we just happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time is more like it—all thanks to you, man. But you’re right about Johnny B. He’ll freak out when he hears about this.”
“Okay, then, it’ll give us an added edge in the game.”
“We might just need it.”
“Oh, I forgot, Adonis will be pitching to us…and you’ll be more interested in admiring his smooth muscle tone and golden sun tan than in watching the ball.”
“You never come up for air, do you?”
“That’s what cost us the game last time.”
“Baloney! I got more hits off Benjy than you did!”
“Never ones that counted.”
“Yeah…right.”
Richie and I crossed the street to the Bauer house, but our eyes remained keenly interested in the goings-on at the Kern place. 
“Well…what are you waiting for? Go ring the bell.”
“Why don’t you ring the bell for a change?” I asked, although I was familiar with the pecking order in our little circle of friends.
“Just do it.”
I complied as I inevitably do, but nonetheless dreaded the prospect of Mrs. Bauer answering the door and channeling her bad vibes my way. While I know this woman has a general distaste for her son’s friends, she seems to really have it in for me, and I don’t exactly know why. 
“Hi there, Mrs. Bauer,” I said when she opened the front door. “Is Johnny home?” 
Mrs. Bauer didn’t so much as acknowledge my presence or utter a sound as she brusquely turned away and disappeared from my view. Several seconds later, a well-fed and rested Johnny B materialized.
“You game for a little stickball, Johnny B?” 
“Now…in this heat? Are you off your rocker, Bean? I’m staying in the air conditioning this afternoon.”
“We just ran into Benjy. It was his idea. He wanted to know if we could get hold of you.”
“Oh, a game with Benjy-boy. That’s a different story then. Okay, count me in.”
“He said that it’ll be you and him against Richie and me. A rematch.”
“Cool. We’ll whip you guys like we did the last time.”
“Don’t count on it, Johnny B. Lightning doesn’t strike the same spot twice,” I said.
“We’ll see about that.”
“Benjy said he would be over in a little while. He wants to eat something, shower, and change. He worked a morning shift at the store.”
“What’s Richie so interested in up the street?” Johnny B asked with unmistakable unease in his voice.
“A police car is in front of the Kern’s. Old Lady Burke just told us she saw Red taken away in one.”
“Whaaaaat?” Johnny B cried. “You’re kidding me, right? Please tell me that was a bad joke, Bean.”
“I’m afraid it wasn’t, Johnny B.” 
While his hair didn’t exactly stand on end, Johnny B looked as if he had both seen the ghost of Jacob Marley and heard the phantom’s tormented screams. Perhaps it would have been wiser not to apprise him of this breaking news, but with Richie completely mesmerized with the comings and goings in Kern City, keeping Johnny B in the dark was not an option.
“I don’t believe it!” Richie shouted. 
“What’s going on?” I asked. Johnny B and I hurried down the Bauer’s front steps and pathway and joined Richie on the sidewalk.
“It’s the old lady, Bean…the Wicked Witch of Kingsbridge! They’re taking her out…right now…at least I think it’s her.”
I cast my eyes up the block and observed two cops ushering a woman out of the house and into their squad car. She was shrouded in more garments than were called for on this blistering hot summer’s day, so we couldn’t be absolutely certain that it was Mrs. Kern. We could, however, presume that it was and that’s what we did. 
“Holy frijole!” Johnny B shrieked. 
“Johnny B, you sound like Robin, the Boy Wonder,” I said.
“What if they come after us now?”
“Come after us? Why would they do that?” Richie asked.
“In case you have forgotten, hotshot, we were trespassing on their property this morning!”
“Right, Johnny B, we could get life for that—and maybe even the death penalty.”
“There’s no death penalty in New York, moron! Oh, this isn’t good, this isn’t good at all,” Johnny B said, repeating it a couple of more times for good measure.
“I thought you were going to keep all of this from him?” Richie said only half-jokingly.
“This doesn’t have anything to do with us and going into their backyard, Johnny B—obviously.”
“How do you know that, Bean?”
“Because they took at least two people away from the house. I doubt they’d arrest them because we were in their backyard,” I replied in a light-hearted attempt to reassure Johnny B. “Let’s just play stickball, okay, and forget about this morning.”
“Okay, Bean, you’re right. I guess it can’t have anything to do with us. Maybe I overreacted a bit.”
“Just a bit, Johnny B. You have a penchant for doing that.”
“Now that everybody is out of the house, what do you say we go after your sneaker?”
“No, Richie, not now,” I said nervously, fearing that he actually meant it.
“Yeah, Richie, not now…or ever.”
“Johnny B, really, I have never met such a lily-livered coward in all my life. Take a chill pill for Christ’s sake. You’re acting like a scared three-year-old.”
“If anybody’s the coward around here, Richie, it’s you…for going into their yard in the first place.”
“That doesn’t make any sense at all.”
“It makes perfect sense!”
“To you, maybe…”
“Let’s just forget about my sneaker, okay, and play stickball,” I said. “We can worry about sneaker hunting later.”
“But we’ve got plenty of time to get it before the game.”
“No, Richie…come on…please…later for all that.”
“I just thought of something, Bean,” Richie said. “Do you think that might have been old Red we saw at the precinct before?”
“What are you talking about?” Johnny B asked.
“Richie and I walked over to the Wheel. We saw somebody in handcuffs being brought into the stationhouse. We couldn’t see who it was.”
“They wouldn’t have Red in handcuffs.”
“Why not? The cops whisked him away from the house.”
“That was probably just for questioning or something like that.”
“Earth to Johnny B: How do you know that? How do you know that?” 
“Because I know Red’s not a criminal.”
“Dumb ass, you’re the one who is so keen on taking Burke’s advice to stay away from the Kern place.”
“Yeah, that’s right, but not because I think Red is really dangerous or anything like that.”
“Oh, really, Johnny B. Then why pray tell? Maybe you think his wicked B.O. will permanently contaminate you or something. Come off it…you think there’s a dead body buried in his backyard!”
“Drop it,” I said, endeavoring to quash yet another pointless and potentially never-ending back and forth between them. “It could have been Red, Richie—the timing was sure right.”

10
Carrying a couple of stickball bats and a paper bag loaded with tennis balls, Richie, Johnny B, Benjy, and I set off for John F. Kennedy High School. Our stickball bats were solid broom handles that Richie’s father brings home from the family’s fruit business. If Richie worked there instead of at McDonald’s, I guess he’d bring them home himself.
It was brutally hot as we walked south down Tibbett Avenue—happily in the opposite direction of all things Kern. We passed by the boarded up Sloan’s supermarket—formerly a Bohack’s and C-Town, too—at W231st Street, which only recently had shut its doors, and the Wo Far Kitchen, the area’s original Chinese take-out joint, on the opposite corner. After navigating our way past Darby’s Diner and then the busy intersection at W230th Street—gasoline alley—the four of us commenced our lengthy walk down the entrance road leading to the school, which is closed during the summer months. Not a living soul stood before us. It appeared as if we would have the place to ourselves—a not unusual state of affairs on stifling summer afternoons like the one we were experiencing. 
“Kennedy,” as we call the school, opened for business five years ago, not very far from where this stickball quartet of ours calls home. It is built on a sliver of real estate formerly known as “Shanty Town”—a longtime railroad yard and “Hooverville,” too, during the Great Depression. As a boy around my age now, my father had friends who lived there in what could more aptly be called “shacks” than houses. Just before Shanty Town met its demise, Dad took my older brother Mike and me for a stroll through its streets, which harked back to another time and another place. There were chicken coops and even farm animals penned up in some of the dwellings’ front and backyards. It was a memorable excursion for us because—while we may have lived only a few blocks away on a city street map—Shanty Town was a different world altogether. It was as if we had entered the Twilight Zone.
Fast-forward to the present and all the old buildings of Shanty Town are gone, completely razed by the city fathers who evicted everyone and everything. The school building itself stands on only a small snippet of the land—in the rear, in fact, of what once was Shanty Town. Behind the school building, Kennedy’s baseball and football fields border well-traveled commuter railroad tracks and the Harlem River Ship Canal flowing just beyond them. The school’s southern-facing windows look across the waterway to Manhattan’s Inwood Hill Park, which contains the last remaining virgin forest in this world-renowned borough of New York City. I find this rather remarkable to contemplate—species of trees and greenery not wholly removed from the way they were when General George Washington camped out nearby during the Revolutionary War and Indians called the area home. And visible to the school’s west are the regal Henry Hudson Bridge, the majestic Hudson River, and the undeveloped rocky cliffs known as the Palisades in New Jersey. It’s a picture postcard back there—and this is, after all, Da Bronx.
On the other hand, there’s a surplus of empty space in front of the school—a sprawling wasteland, really, of rocks, weeds, and assorted garbage that has been illegally dumped. This vast nothingness is fenced in to keep people out. But as the numerous discarded wash machines, TV sets, and toilet bowls can attest, the fence doesn’t always accomplish its mission. It is totally ineffective, too, at keeping four-legged rodents at bay. Nowadays, spying more than a few rats frolicking in this extensive emptiness of what once were city streets and structures of all kinds is the norm. 
“Holy Hamburger Helper! Did you see the size of that rascal?” Johnny B shouted out when he laid eyes on a hale and hearty-looking rat navigating the weedy forest along the fence, and just off the sidewalk that we were walking down.
“Hey…I just had a thought. Maybe Richie can scout the weeds for us…you know…to see what else might be lurking in there,” I said. “He’s an authority at that sort of thing.”
Johnny B and Benjy laughed. We had, of course, filled Benjy in on the day’s Kern-related events. 
“Careful that I don’t toss your only remaining pair of sneakers in there.” 
“I’d prefer my lost sneaker be in that mess, Richie, than in the Kern’s backyard jungle. I’d rather take my chances battling the rodent population to get it back than wage war with Red, fat Peter, and Old Lady Kern.”
“That’s right, Bean. You wouldn’t have any beer bottles and rocks thrown at your head in there.”
“You can say that again, Johnny B.”
“We’ll get your sneaker back, Matt,” Benjy said.
“What do you have in mind?” 
“We’ll just go in there and get it—that’s all—quickly and quietly.”
“Yeah, I know we will. It’s no big deal—really.” 
“Benjy, do you really think you can get it back for him?” Johnny B asked.
“It’ll be a snap—bing, bang, bing—a neat surgical operation.”
“Are you jokers for real?” Richie said. “I can’t believe you guys. I’ve been saying all along that we’ll get it back and you two have been soiling your panties at the mere thought. I was even willing to go after it before the game. And now, just like that, you’re putting your complete trust in raider Benjy here. I don’t get it.”
“Well, maybe that’s because he’s not a stupid jerk-off like you are...”
“One way or another we’ll get it back,” Benjy said, attempting to diffuse any further discord among us. 
“Yeah, right, we’ll get it back,” Richie muttered.
When we reached our stickball playing field—the asphalt grounds of the school’s parking lot and the walking space alongside it—the heat of the day felt more intense than ever. Wearing my old pair of sneakers, which have considerable holes on the their bottoms, I could literally feel the hot pavement on the soles of my feet. Even my thick white tube socks weren’t sufficient shock absorbers. Standing still for too long was not recommended or—I quickly discovered—even possible. 
Kennedy’s terra firma supplies us with ideal stickball dimensions and parking islands, too, which serve as readymade markers for doubles and triples. There’s even a fence in the right spot for home runs. Home runs really need to be hit over a fence to make them feel like home runs. A short annex juts off the main building, too. This architectural good fortune furnishes us with the indispensable brick wall in which to sketch a home plate box. We always come prepared to sketch our “H” boxes with chalk, if necessary, but others aren’t so considerate and use spray paint.
“So, it’s me and Bean against you and Johnny B?” 
“That’s the plan, Ragu.”
“Flip a coin?”
“Since we beat the pants off of you guys the last time, it’s your call—first up or last licks?”
“You guys can bat first,” I said without giving it a second thought or consulting with my teammate. I knew Richie agreed with me that “last licks” were always preferable, even though we might get shorted a time at bat in a win, which is what we were shooting for.
With this key bit of stickball business out of the way, I trotted over to the asphalt equivalent of our pitching rubber—an area of ground with a natural discoloration. Richie and I had already decided that I would do the initial pitching—for as long as I was effective against Benjy and Johnny B and, too, able to withstand the afternoon’s ferocious heat and humidity one-two punch. 
“Concentrate on the game and not on undressing Benjy with your eyes, okay?” Richie said as he jogged past me and assumed his fielder position. 
“Screw you, moron.”
The mammoth alternating clock-thermometer atop the Exxon gas station on W230th Street was visible in the distance as I began tossing warm-up pitches against the wall. It read ninety-nine degrees, but it was no doubt hotter than that on the asphalt. Getting loose in this kind of weather was a piece of cake—unnecessary, in fact. The game hadn’t even begun and the sweat spots on my T-shirt had coalesced into one big clammy sea.
Johnny B batted leadoff—a gracious concession by Benjy, but typical of his magnanimous nature. I struck him out on three pitches. He swung and missed the first two and let the third one pass him by, even though it landed smack dab in the middle of our chalked home plate box. Johnny B does this sort of thing as a rule. With the notable exception of the ultra-laid-back Benjy, it drives his stickball teammates batty. 
This strikeout set the tone for the entire game. Even Benjy was meeting with little success against my pitches. When I have my rhythm on the mound, I’m not half bad. Despite being skin and bones, I can throw a tennis ball with velocity that surpasses everybody on the scene, including the two superior athletes. Unfortunately, my pitches don’t always go where I want them to go. Sometimes they have minds of their own. It’s what I have in common with Nolan Ryan.
Richie and I scored a couple of runs off of Benjy in the fifth inning with three doubles in a row. Two of them were high flies that could have easily been caught midway in the parking lot—our double zone—by somebody a little more fleet-footed than the plodding Johnny B. But Benjy wasn’t one to assign blame or to get angry. He had discarded his “bumble bee” collared shirt—with its yellow and blue stripes—and was a uniform glaze of perspiration by that time. While I could have sure used a tall glass of water or an ice-cold 7-Up, I was accustomed to playing long games of stickball in the hottest and most humid weather conditions. All of us were. It’s what we do during summers around here. 
Miraculously, I pitched all nine innings, threw mostly strikes, and we won the game two to nothing—a shutout! Richie was positively ecstatic when I struck out Benjy for the final out. He felt liberated from the prior humiliation we had suffered at their hands and, admittedly, so did I. Johnny B appeared absolutely bedraggled by game’s end, and the rest of us weren’t much better than that. 
“Great game, Matt!” Benjy said.
“Thanks. You pitched a pretty good one yourself. It could have gone either way.”
“Let’s just split,” Johnny B said. “I need some H-2-O real bad…real, real bad. I really should have brought something to drink with me.”
“Why didn’t you?” Benjy asked.
“Bean and Richie rushed me.”
“We rushed you? How exactly did we do that?” Richie said.
“You know how.”
“No, I don’t how.”
“I’d like to jump into an icy pool of H-2-O right now,” I said, changing the subject.
“I’d like to jump in there with you,” Benjy replied.
“Refreshing, thirst-quenching H-2-0—next time, Johnny B—don’t leave home without it.”
“I’ve got an idea. What do you say we stop by Darby’s on the way back? I’ll buy you guys some sodas,” Richie said.
“No, Ragu…the losers treat. I’m buying today.”
“Okay, Benjy-boy, if you insist.”
“But I don’t have any money on me.” 
“Don’t worry about it, Johnny B. It’s on me.”
“Yeah, but I’m one of the losers.”
“You’re a loser all right, Johnny B,” Richie said. “And why is that you never have any money on you?”
“My treat, Johnny B—no sweat.”
“That’s really cool of you, Benjy, thanks.”
“No sweat…and cool…I like the sound of that.”
We gathered up our belongings and began retracing our steps. The Exxon clock read 3:56, and the temperature had dropped a couple of degrees to ninety-seven. Benjy had his shirt tied around his waist as we crossed W230th Street on the west side of Tibbett Avenue this time—the Darby’s Diner side of the street. The rest of us were slimy spectacles, exhausted, and red-faced from the hot sun as we passed by an auto mechanic’s garage and spied a grease monkey working on a yellow Volkswagen bug, which was on a lift. What a day to be doing that kind of work. 
From my vantage point, the sliver of road that we now traversed exuded an almost small-town charm in an otherwise pretty gritty area of the Bronx. Benjy put on his shirt as we approached Darby’s, a venerable eatery that has been in the neighborhood for decades. Just to the north of this cozy, box-like diner is a tiny, tar-papered clubhouse. Old timers are frequently seen playing cards inside it and, in obliging climes, games of shuffleboard on the outside. I spied a couple of geezers pensively puffing on their pipes on a bench by the clubhouse door, but that was the extent of their physical activity on this toasty afternoon. It was even too hot for shuffleboard.
The four of us climbed several steps and then piloted our way through the diner’s entrance alcove. A waitress, who didn’t seem particularly happy to be serving four sweaty teenagers carrying big sticks, ushered us to a corner booth. Richie ordered a chocolate egg cream; Johnny B, an ice cream soda; while Benjy and I settled for glasses of old reliable thirst quencher Coca-Cola—served, on this day, with extra ice.
“So, about that sneaker of yours?” Benjy said as we savored the first sips of our liquid pick-me-ups.
“What about it?” 
“Well, what’s the plan, Ragu?” Benjy asked, knowing now that this was a very touchy area with him.
“I was figuring tonight sometime.”
“What do you say we check out what’s going on around the house right now?”
“What do you mean?” I said.
“You know…have a look around and see if anybody’s back home.”
“Yeah, sure, count me in, Benjy.”
“If you don’t mind, I’m going to keep my distance from that place.” 
“Do whatever you like, Johnny B,” Richie said snippily.
“Bean, I’m really surprised at you. Wasn’t what happened this morning enough excitement for one day?”
“I just want my sneaker back…that’s all.”
“But with the cops poking around the place…you’re still willing to be seen on the Kern’s property. I think you’re as crazy as Richie sometimes.”
“That was a low blow, Johnny B!”
“Yeah, you’re right. Sorry, Bean. He’s the King of Fruit Loops.”
“Johnny B, in case you haven’t noticed, this is Benjy-boy’s idea—not mine.”
“Yeah, I know, but Benjy wasn’t with us this morning. He didn’t have a thirty-two ounce beer bottle flying past his head.”
“Again with the thirty-two ounce beer bottle!”
“A Schaefer Beer bottle to be precise,” I said, knowing full well that my words would irk Richie.
“Johnny B, I’m not suggesting we do anything but look over the place—from the outside—before going in for Matt’s sneaker. Nobody’s going to trespass on anybody’s property.”
“I understand where you’re coming from, Benjy. But I’m still going to pass, okay?”
“No problem, Johnny B. We still love you.”

11
“Later, you guys,” Johnny B said in parting. 
“I’ll let you know what we uncover.” 
“I’ll be on tender hooks, Bean, awaiting the report,” Johnny B replied. 
“The word is tenterhooks, Johnny B.”
“What are tenterhooks?”
“What are tender hooks?”
“Pins and needles then, okay, Bean?”
Johnny B appeared both physically and emotionally drained when he turned into the slate-tiles pathway leading to his front steps. The day’s formidable twofer—a stickball game in the wretched heat and humidity coupled with an enduring neighborhood soap opera that he wanted no part of—had taken its toll on him.
“I know he can be a touch neurotic sometimes, but Johnny B’s really a good guy.”
“I agree, Matt. Care to make it unanimous, Ragu?”
“No comment.”
“Until the time limit is up, Richie?”
“Ha!”
“You know what, Benjy…I’ve come to the conclusion that the more put-downs you get out of Richie Ragu these days, the more he loves you,” I said.
Benjy laughed freely at my gibe. Richie, though, showed his disgust with my aside by giving me a not-so-subtle one-finger salute. Touching a nerve with him is easily accomplished these days. The mere suggestion that he might actually love one of his male friends, I imagined, would rile him—and it did. He was no doubt yearning to tell me how I was drooling over the shirtless Benjy, or some such thing, during our stickball game. However, that bit of business would have to wait. Mum’s the word while in Benjy’s company.
The stickball quartet minus its weakest link was now primed and ready to advance up the block. Our informal plan was to pass by the Kern house and then circle around to Corlear Avenue for a backyard view and an “Operation Retrieve My Sneaker” assessment. 
As we drew near the Kern place, it was quiet enough to hear a pin drop. That is, if one ignored the incessantly loud buzzing of the omnipresent cicada bugs in the area’s trees. Their vociferousness has this uncanny knack of underscoring summertime’s combination heat and hush. 
No Kerns, policemen, or squad cars were in sight when we reached the driveway where Red habitually chills out on sticky summer afternoons, and the very spot where we conversed with him on countless summer nights. The late afternoon’s intense heat, the cicada chorus, and the overall quietude of the neighborhood lulled us into a drowsy calm. Benjy, Richie, and I joked about the morning escapades and my missing sneaker. For one brief shining moment at least, it seemed like much ado about nothing. 
But when a disheveled-looking Peter Kern sprang out of nowhere—or so it seemed—this sluggish, serene summer feeling came to a swift and dramatic end. Peter’s eyes were badly bloodshot and menacing looking, and I could smell alcohol on his breath and seeping through every pore of his body as well. Evidently, the man had detected us walking up the street and, at some point, nestled himself in an area of the driveway imperceptible to us from the sidewalk, even as we approached the house.
“What the hell are you guys snooping around here for?” Peter said with venom—the genuine article—in his voice.
“We’re walking on a public sidewalk. There’s no law against that,” Benjy replied with real conviction, even though he was more than likely shaking in his blue suede Puma sneakers, just as I was in my tattered PRO-Keds.
“I know you punks were hanging around here this morning. What the hell were you looking for anyway?”
“The buried treasure in your backyard Garden of Weeden,” Richie said in an overtly mocking and confrontational tone. 
I couldn’t believe what I had just heard and, if the astonished look on his face was any indicator, neither could Benjy. Both of us were in something akin to suspended animation as we watched the beastly Peter come unglued at the remark and throw a hard punch into Richie’s face. Blood poured from his nose like water from a bathtub spigot as he fell backwards onto the rock-solid concrete of the front sidewalk. 
I instinctively moved to assist my old friend while Benjy set his sights on the grisly Peter. With his arms wildly flailing, he valiantly attempted to deliver this brute a dose of his own medicine. Benjy struck Peter hard on the chin, but was no match for the six-foot plus and, at the very least, three hundred and fifty pound behemoth. Peter grabbed hold of him with his powerful two arms, picked him up off the ground, and flung him several feet into a row of thorny bushes on the bordering neighbor’s front grounds. 
We were in quite a fix with no immediate or obvious exit. I was ministering to Richie, whose face and shirt were a bloody mess, while Benjy lie prostrate across a prickly hedge loaded with inedible red berries. When I scrambled over to my friend to help him to his feet, I feared that I would be Goliath’s next quarry—and I was. Peter pushed me away with considerable force and I made acquaintance with the driveway floor, badly scrapping the backs of my hands and the undersides of both my arms and legs. He then reached for Benjy’s two legs, which were limply hanging over his neighbor’s hedge, and pulled him back into the driveway. In the ensuing melee, I noticed Mrs. Burke standing on the sidewalk directly across the street. She was crying out something, but I couldn’t decipher a word of it. Her longtime smoking and drinking habits had appreciably reduced her volume.
Peter lorded now over a clearly disoriented Benjy and kicked him hard in the ribs—once and then a second time. Almost simultaneous with these cowardly acts, a police squad car whizzed to a stop in front of the house. Two officers jumped out and drew their guns on a flabbergasted Peter. I was shaken as well at seeing drawn guns pointing in my general direction—something that I had previously seen on TV and in movies but never in real life. Fortunately for all concerned, Peter immediately ceased what he was doing and placed his grimy mitts on his mean and ugly head. He seemed all too familiar with the protocol. There would be no flying bullets in a driveway adorned with Red’s eclectic collection of junk, which on this afternoon included an Evel Knievel racing toy, a blue Hoppity Hop, and an old reel-to-reel tape recorder that I’d bet the ranch didn’t work.
Before turning his attention to Peter, the senior officer instructed his partner to call for an ambulance.
“These rats were trespassing on my property!” Peter loudly but lamely said in his defense.
“So, tough guy, you take the law into your own hands? This is the Bronx—not the wild west!”
“I can’t depend on you pigs doing your jobs,” Peter replied. “You just won’t be satisfied until you have my whole family in the pokey. My lawyer’s going to hear about this.” 
“Save it, Kern, save it.”
“Harassment! Harassment! Harrassment!” Peter sang—totally off key in my opinion. He was no Billy Joel.
“Zip it, fat boy, zip it!”
“You pigs will get yours…I promise you that much.”
“See if you can help the kid,” the senior officer instructed his partner who, after placing the ambulance call, had stepped out of the squad car. He gestured over to the badly scratched and bruised Benjy, who was visibly bleeding on parts of his arms and legs. Peter had a fair size cut near his lip, too, which made me mildly happy under the circumstances—a small moral victory for us, I thought. Before Peter had tossed Benjy like a javelin into the thorny shrubbery, the latter had gotten in a pretty good lick. I watched as the policeman helped Benjy to his feet and then removed my sweaty T-shirt, which I handed it to Richie to wipe some of the blood off of him. His nosebleed had slowed to a trickle, and it didn’t appear to be broken. What a difference a few minutes made. To use a favorite expression of my mother’s: “We were a sight.”
As I slowly got my bearings back, I surveyed my surroundings. Locals were gathering from all directions. A police vehicle coupled with a little bit of action draws a crowd—lickety-split—around here, especially in the summertime when there are a lot of open windows and heat-induced tedium. Meanwhile, Peter was handcuffed and placed in the backseat of the squad car. When our eyes met, he scowled at me through the open window and mouthed a few four-letter words, I think. I caught Mrs. Burke’s eyes next, which more or less said, I told you so. I vowed then and there to stop looking into my neighbors’ eyes. 
“We’ve got a few questions to ask you guys,” the officer in charge said to Richie and me while his partner conferred with a befuddled-looking Benjy. “What exactly happened here?”
“We were walking up the street,” I replied, “and Peter Kern jumped us.”
“What’s this bit about you guys trespassing on his property?”
“Well,” I said, “we ran through his backyard and over the back wall this morning.”
“Why did you do that?”
“I just wanted to have a little fun at my friends’ expense,” Richie interjected. “There’s really nothing more to it than that. They were behaving like two scared sheep. I went into the backyard and hung around for a few minutes. I figured I’d get Bean here to come in looking for me, and he did. Then Johnny Bauer—who was with us—spotted the Kern brothers heading up the street, and he comes running into the back, too, to warn us. The three of us went over the back wall. That’s the long and short of it.”
“Yeah, and somebody was throwing things out the back window at us,” I said. “Rocks and beer bottles. Our friend Johnny says he saw Mrs. Kern at the window.”
“You guys weren’t there to find something out…to try to get into the house…or anything like that?”
“No!” I said very emphatically. “What Richie just said is the god’s honest truth.”
“Bean here lost his sneaker scaling the wall. We were planning on going after it later.”
“I wouldn’t do that if I was you, okay? Keep away from this place.”
“Happy to comply,” I said.
“So, you’re Ben. Ben what?” 
“No, I’m Matt…Matt Casale. I live down the street.”
“Wasn’t he just calling you ‘Ben’ just now?”
“No, ‘Bean’—it’s a nickname.”
“Actually, Ben is over there,” I said, pointing at Benjy. “But he wasn’t with us this morning and had nothing to do with the trespassing thing.”
“What do you guys know about this family?”
“We talk with Red every now and then in the driveway here. That’s about it,” I said.
“Red? Who’s Red?”
“Peter’s brother, Jimmy Kern.”
“Nicknames are really big with you guys, I see.”
“Well, Jimmy Kern, Red, is in our custody at the moment.”
“On what charge?” Richie asked, visibly perking up with each passing second and moment of new intrigue.
“I can’t say anything about that right now We’ve been scouting around for this brother of his all afternoon. And it’s a good thing we came by when we did. There’s no telling what else he had in store for you guys. This joker’s got a history of violence, you know, especially when he’s been drinking—like right now. And he consorts with some seedy characters.”
“Yeah, it really was a good thing,” I said. “What did you want fat Peter…uh…Peter for?”
“Never mind that, okay? I’m sorry all of this had to happen, but you guys actually helped us out.”
“How exactly? By drawing fat…I mean Peter…out into the open?”
“Yeah, that’s right, Matt. I’m surprised you guys haven’t had any confrontations with him before…since you say you’ve hung around this place with his brother.”
“We’ve talked with him after dark…mostly…when we knew Peter was working.”
“Peter Kern…bouncer boy…I gotcha.”
“What about Mrs. Kern?” I asked. “We saw her getting into a police car earlier this afternoon.”
“That wasn’t Mrs. Kern that you saw.”
“Who was it then?” 
“There was no Mrs. Kern alive in that house. Let’s leave it at that for the time being.”
“But my friend Johnny said he saw some old hag at the back window.”
“He might have seen some old hag, but it wasn’t Peter Kern’s mother. I can tell you that much.”
When an ambulance pulled up alongside the squad car, two attendants got out. The officer speaking with us motioned over to Benjy. Richie made the case that he had suffered only a temporary bleeding nose and that he was a-okay. But in light of the fact that both his skin and clothing were stained a dark red, which matched the color of his hair, one of the ambulance personnel insisted on looking him over. I watched as he wiped away the coagulated blood around Richie’s nose and face with gauze and a medical salve of some kind. 
“I’m going to need the names, addresses, and phone numbers of all you guys,” the senior officer said as he finished taking down our statements, or whatever it was he was doing.
Richie and I supplied the requested information, including the pertinent particulars of our two friends: Johnny B, who wasn’t on the scene, and Benjy, who didn’t seem up to answering an onslaught of questions.
“You sure you guys can make it home all right?”
“We live just down the block—no problem,” I said.
“Whaaaaat happened?” a distressed but familiar voice cried out from the top of the driveway as the officer walked away from us. A totally winded Johnny B—and virtually the entire neighborhood from the looks of things—was now privy to the mayhem in the Kern’s front driveway.
“Richie, are you all right?” Johnny B asked. 
He gasped for his next breath with a look of genuine concern on his face. Despite the fact that Richie and Johnny B joust as a rule, they are fond of one another, I think, although I sincerely doubt the former would admit it.
“Don’t sweat it, Johnny B. I’m fine—no harm done.”
“What happened to Benjy?” 
We watched as Benjy stepped into the back of the ambulance on his own two legs. His mother had arrived and would accompany him to the hospital. I waved over to him and he feebly waved back with the faintest of smiles on his face. 
“We’ll tell you all about it,” I replied.
The two police officers got into the squad car. 
“Holy moly, that’s Peter Kern back there! He did this to you guys?”
“He did this to us, Johnny B.”
“Yeah, Johnny B, it’s too bad you didn’t come along for the ride,” Richie said. “You missed out on all the fun.”
“That could be me in the ambulance instead of Benjy. I sure hope he’s okay.”
“I hope so, too.” 
“Here, Bean, your shirt,” Richie said as he handed me a bloody rag. “Thanks, pal, it came in real handy.”
“You’ll forgive me, Richie, for not wearing it home?”
“Yeah, sure, Bean, you’re forgiven. I’m in a magnanimous mood right now.”
“I’ve noticed that,” I said. “I hope it lasts.”
“Man-o-man, with the adrenalin flowing like it’s been, I almost forgot that it’s one hundred freaking degrees out here.”
“Maybe my father’s been right all along,” I said. “He says that feeling the heat and humidity is all in our heads.”
“I guess that’s why you don’t have any air conditioners in your house.”
“That and the fact that we’d blow a fuse every time we turned one on.”
“Come on…let’s just get out of here!” Johnny B said. “The whole neighborhood’s staring at you guys like you’re a couple of freaks.”
“Yeah, let’s go. Maybe I can get cleaned up before my mom and dad get home,” Richie replied.
“My mom’s home,” I said. “I’m surprised she isn’t aware of the hullabaloo—to use one of her favorite words. Everybody else seems to be.”
“Hold up a minute, Bean.”
“What’s wrong?”
“We might as well get your sneaker back before we go. You’ve got to admit there couldn’t be a more opportune time than now—with nobody home?”
“Don’t even think about it, Richie.”
“Yeah, Richie, stop talking like that…go home…get yourself cleaned up for crying out loud,” Johnny B said.
Richie laughed as the three of us started down the block toward home. With the dinner hour approaching, not to mention that it was hot as all hell, the locals had already begun dispersing. Understandably, neighbors with air conditioning wanted to be in it. Even those without such creature comforts were probably better off inside because—with nothing remotely resembling a breeze—there was no relief at all in being outdoors. The leaves on the street’s trees were deathly still.
“I could sure use a cold drink right now,” Richie said.
“I second that emotion.” 
“Oh, by the way, Johnny B. Our cop friend told Bean and me that you didn’t see Mama Kern at the window.”
“What? Why would he say something like that? I know what I saw. It was her all right.”
“Take it up with the police then when they come around to ask you questions.”
“Why would they come around to ask me questions?” 
“Because,” I said, “we told them the whole story…about this morning…and running through the Kern’s backyard.”
“You told me there was nothing to worry about, Bean…that we didn’t do anything to get us in any trouble.”
“Take a chill pill, Johnny B,” Richie said. “We haven’t committed any crime. But with Pygmalion attacking us like he did, and then telling the cops we were trespassing…well…that clouded the picture somewhat.”
“He told them that we were trespassing? Oh, God, I should never have gone back there!”
“Well, Johnny B, you did,” I said. “And we’re eternally grateful that you did. After seeing what fat Peter is capable of, your forewarning probably saved us from an even worse pummeling than we got this afternoon. There’s no telling what he’d have done to Richie and me had he trapped us in the backyard.”
“The burial grounds…”
“That’s not funny, Richie,” Johnny B said. “I just don’t understand this thing about Red’s mother. I saw her at the window. How could he say that I didn’t see what I know I saw?”
“Try saying that again, Johnny B—real fast. I bet you can’t. And he didn’t say you were making it up. He just said that it wasn’t Red’s mama.”
“Then who was it, Richie?”
“I don’t know, Johnny B…I don’t know.”
“The cop said something interesting though,” I interrupted. “He said that there was no Mrs. Kern alive in the house. That’s an odd thing to say, don’t you think?”
“He was holding back a lot from us.”
“No doubt about it—we being kiddies and all.”
“Keep your chin up, Johnny B,” Richie said as we bid farewell to him once again—for a third time, and the day wasn’t done yet.
“Yeah, Johnny B, don’t worry. We’re not suspects in any crime. If the police want to ask us any questions, it’ll be about the Kerns—not about running through their stinking backyard.”
“Bean, you keep telling me that.”
“Johnny B…really…relax—everything’s going to be all right.”
“Okay, Bean, I’ll try,” Johnny B said. “You guys going to be around later?”
“Of course,” Richie replied. “There’s still the unfinished business of retrieving Bean’s sneaker.”
“Richie, I really hope you’re not serious!”
“Why not? Like I said before—nobody’s home.”
“That’s it, then, you’re not going to see me tonight.”
“Johnny B, he’s only kidding,” I said, wishing and hoping, and hoping and wishing, that was indeed the case.
“You know…I’m really worried about Benjy, Bean.”
“He’ll be fine, I’m sure of it. I’ll call his house tonight and get an update.”
“You’ll let me know if you hear anything?”
“Will do.”
“Okay, later, you guys.”
“Later, Johnny B.”
As Johnny B dashed up his front pathway, Richie and I spied Mrs. Burke solemnly standing on her front stoop and lighting up a cigarette. She looked our way but didn’t express any interest in speaking with us, which was for the best considering that what we desperately needed now were cold drinks and even colder showers—not to mention complete wardrobe changes.

12
As I pushed open my front screen door, I found Richie seated to my immediate left on a low wall behind one of the two stone lions at the top of his stoop. He was engrossed in the latest issue of Sports Illustrated with Yankees manager Billy Martin, a Peter Kern sort of guy—minus two hundred pounds and several inches in height—on the cover.
“Just spoke with Benjy’s sister,” I said. “She says he has a mild concussion, so they are going to keep him in the hospital overnight.”
“He’s going to be okay, though?”
“Yeah, Ellen says he’s speaking in complete sentences and all that.”
“Ellen’s totally hot, man. I wouldn’t mind shagging her…but I know you’re more interested in her brother.”
“What is it with you, Richie? Do you ever take a breather? It’s been a long day. And, yeah, maybe you wouldn’t mind, but she sure would!”
“She wouldn’t give a bag of bones like you a second look!”
“You’re a real pal, Richie, you know that. You should consider hosting a positive self-esteem workshop or something at the library.”
“How did it go with your mother? Did you come clean?” 
“Coming home the way I did—unclean—I didn’t have much choice but to come clean. The Mercurochrome bottle is empty. I’m just glad my dad works nights. How did it go with you?”
“I got in just before my mother did…so at least I was able to shower and change clothes. She would have totally freaked had she seen me all bloodied. I told her everything though.”
“Everything? How’d that sit with her?”
“How do you think, putz? She was upset.”
“You told her about going into the Kern’s backyard this morning and what happened there?” I asked.
“Yeah, I did. Told her that I went in after you.”
“You better not have, Richie!”
“Take a chill pill, Jack and the Beanstalk. You’re so excitable these days. I didn’t say that. Actually, I said we lost a baseball back there and I went in after it.”
“That’s a bit of a stretch, isn’t it—losing a baseball in their backyard?”
“My mother doesn’t know the lay of the land and where we play, so she bought it, okay? I’m not saying she was happy about the whole thing, but she was mostly relieved that I was in one piece.”
“Richie…your mother’s going to talk with my mom about all this…and I told her the Joe Friday facts.”
“Then do me a favor and tell her not to go there when she speaks with my mom.”
“Yeah, right, I’ll do that,” I said sarcastically.
“Bean, do me another favor and climb down from your high horse. You aren’t exactly George Washington and the cherry tree. Only this morning you were dreaming up some fairytale as to how your sneaker went missing.”
“Richie, they’ll both be coming out in a little while to sit and gab. Take a wild guess what they are going to be gabbing about?”
“Yeah, well, I’ll just have to take my chances then.” 
“What about your dad?”
“He should be home any minute.”
“Yeah…”
“Yeah…what?”
“What are you going to tell him?”
“The whole truth, Beany and Cecil…nothin’ but the truth.”
“Your version of it…that’s a joke.”
“The boy on his high horse rides again. The British are coming! The British are coming!”
“Give it rest, Richie.”
With the after-dinner hours upon us, stoop sitters would soon be emerging up and down the block and on the surrounding back streets. Stoop sitting on summer nights is a venerable tradition in New York City neighborhoods—hours set aside to socialize, swap gossip, and dish the dirt. Tonight’s hot topics would undoubtedly be the Kern family arrests and, unavoidably, the hellish weather as well.
“Man, what I wouldn’t give to know what’s happening with old Red and fat Peter right this minute,” I said, changing the subject altogether.
“And let’s add to the list the more mysterious than ever Mama Kern.”
“Did he or did he not see the old crone at the back window?” I recited in my Rich Little-esque Boris Karloff impersonation.
“Bean, what do you say we go for a little stroll?” Richie asked. “We never did finish our last one.”
“Honestly, Richie, I don’t want to walk past the house, okay? For all we know, fat Peter might be back. And, come on, even you have to concede now that he’s a certifiable loon—somebody worth avoiding at all costs.”
“Just how fast do you think the police work—with booking, interrogation, and all that? It hasn’t even been three hours. Anyway, Bean, the guy doesn’t live at the house and works nights on top of that. Come on…Mr. Piggy Peter’s not there. I guarantee it!”
“I’m not interested in your guarantees. He might be there, and that’s enough for me.”
“We’ll walk on the other side of the street then. Game?”
“I don’t know. I’ve walked up the block with you twice today—never made it to Vanny, and then never completed that retrieve my sneaker assessment with Benjy.”
“Well, Bean, this time we don’t have any destination, so we’ll definitely get where we’re going.”
“That makes more sense than what usually comes out of your mouth.”
“What do you say?”
“The other side of the street?”
“Yeah, Bean…the sunny side of the street from your perspective, even when it’s in the evening shadows—like it is right now.”
“Okay…past Old Lady Burke’s place…let’s do it. Maybe she’ll invite us in to sample from her tire bar.”
“If she did that I’d be more than happy to park my butt on her ratty old couch again and engage in scintillating conversation with the old buzzard,” Richie said.
“Just think, Richie: In a couple of summers, we’ll both be legal age.”
“We can accompany Mighty Mike and T. Sauce to the Pinewood.”
“Sure…they’d love that. Man, those two practically live in there these days,” I said. 
Mike is my big brother; “T. Sauce,” the nickname of Richie’s older sibling Vinny; and the Pinewood, a bar at the foot of the W242nd Street subway station. The Pinewood is also a favorite hangout of Manhattan College “Jaspers.” Engineering student Mike is a proud Jasper and active participant in the school’s vaunted after-hours tradition. This noble institution of higher education looms like a colossus in the hilly backdrop to the bar’s west
“All set, Bean?”
“Ready as I’ll ever be,” I said. 
Richie and I darted down our respective stoops’ steps. We crossed the street at the lip of my driveway, which put us alongside the parking lot of a six-story building called the Edwardian. As we approached Mrs. Mazzilli’s place, and the row of private houses that begin at the north end of the parking lot, we could see Mrs. Burke standing outside her doorway and fumbling with her lighter. An unlit cigarette dangled unladylike from her mouth. 
“There she is, Richie: the Marlboro Woman.”
“Terrific…do we really need to see that old lush again?” 
“Richie, look upon her as vintage wine. Who knows? She might have some breaking news to report.”
“Yeah, right…but instead of all this pussyfooting around, I’d just like for her to tell us once and for all what she knows about the Kerns—if anything of consequence.”
“Hi there, Mrs. Burke,” I said as we approached her front steps.
“Hello, boys. I’m happy to see you are both all right. I was worried there for a spell. Thank heavens the police came by when they did, because that worthless, nasty man from across the way is capable of doing a lot more harm to you than he did today. How’s the boy who needed the ambulance?”
“He’s in the hospital, but he’s going to be okay.”
“Oh…thank the Lord…that’s music to my ears…my prayers were answered.”
“Has anybody been back to the house?” Richie asked.
“Not a soul since they took Peter away.”
“No sign of Red…uh, I mean, young James?” I said.
“Nobody at all.”
“Mrs. Burke, the police officer who spoke with us said something strange about Mrs. Kern. He said there was no Mrs. Kern alive in the house. What do you suppose he meant by that?” Richie said.
“Something’s always been rotten over there.”
“Rotten? How so?” I asked.
“Those two boys have never been quite right in the head, let’s put it that way.” 
Mrs. Burke lit up her cigarette and wistfully stared across the street at the Kern house.
“What about the mother and father?” 
“Mr. Kern was a good provider. He had a well-paying city job. But Mrs. Kern…she drank whiskey morning, noon, and night and beat those boys of hers day in and day out. It’s no surprise that Peter turned out the way he did—so mean and so violent.”
“Come on, Mrs. Burke…we’re tired of playing I’ve Got a Secret with you. What’s the real deal?” Richie asked. “You seem to know a lot more about these people than you’re telling us.”
Mrs. Burke shook her head back and forth with a mournful expression on her face. She said nothing further, abruptly turned around, and pulled open her screen door. With a lit cigarette between her two pursed lips, she went inside.
“The evening heat must really be getting to her…or maybe the heat of our cross-examination, I don’t know,” I said. 
“Not so much as a goodbye…second time today. It’s a good thing I have a thick skin.”
“Yeah, Richie…right…you have a thick skin.”
“What a strange, strange old bat.”
“I think that last question of yours really got to her. The big secret thing struck some kind of chord.”
“She’s not telling us something.”
“Well, if nothing else, she’s telling us that the Kerns are strange fruit.”
“Rotten fruit…but we kind of figured out that one by ourselves a long time ago…a looooong time ago,” Richie said.
“It’s this dangerous thing that might have legs. I’d wager Old Lady Burke has some insider information on this count.”
“You might be right, Bean. But don’t you think it’s the pot calling the kettle black…her indicting Mama Kern for drinking whiskey morning, noon, and night?”
“What makes you think Old Lady Burke drinks whiskey morning, noon, and night? I know she’s been seen stumbling home from watering holes every now and then, but I didn’t smell any booze on her this morning, or just now for that matter. I smelled it on fat Peter. It was like he took a bath in it.”
“Yeah, all you smelled were layers and layers of cigarette smoke. Try giving her a French kiss the next time you run into her and report back to me.” 
“Oh, man…Grody City! Yukeroo! But come on, Richie, even if she does imbibe spirits all day long…so what? She’s not a mother with little kids and…really…is only harming herself.”
“What are you a sociologist now, Bean? Let’s book you on Donahue. She’s only harming herself. Give me a break.”
The two of us continued wandering up the block toward W234th Street. The ever-increasing humidity of the day left the evening “close”—to use my Uncle Paul’s preferred appellation for dreadfully uncomfortable humid weather like this. In fact, I’d venture to say that it was as close as close can be on this muggy July evening in the Bronx. Nevertheless, neighbors were slowly but surely coming outside with their beach chairs. The more rugged souls just plopped themselves down on their stoops’ steps and on the low walls that supply them with readymade forms of seating. I have an inkling, though, that locals with air conditioning might just cut back on their time spent in the great outdoors tonight.
“What do you say we head over to Corlear and scope out the Kern backyard?” Richie said.
“What do you say we don’t do that, Richie?” 
“We were heading that way with Benjy, weren’t we? So, why not finish what we set out to do—that retrieve your sneaker assessment that you were going on about?”
“Why not? Because it’s an exercise in futility now. Nobody’s home! We know that! There’s no need for any assessment. What do you expect to see looking over a brick wall at an empty house?”
“I’m just curious that’s all.”
“Curious about what?”
“Come on.”
Against my better judgment—and knowing full well that Richie had scaling the wall in mind—I went along. We met Billy “Zap” Zapantis—“Greek Billy” to some people—in our travels. He had heard all about what happened a few hours ago. News travels at the speed of light around here. 
“It’s good to see you guys out and about,” Zap said. “I figured you’d be bedridden tonight…licking your wounds.”
“We’re survivors, Zap—tough as nails. Fatty Arbuckle was no match for us,” Richie replied.
“Where are you guys headed now? Looking for more trouble?” 
“Bean lost his sneaker in the Kern’s backyard this morning, and I’m going to get it back for him.”
“No, Richie, you’re not going to get it back for me. I don’t want you to get it back for me. The cops told us to stay out of that godforsaken place!”
“Now’s the perfect opportunity, Bean. It’s now or never.”
“Never is fine by me!”
“Just go in there and get it.” 
Although he needed no encouragement—his mind was already made up—Zap egged Richie on.
“You want to come along for the ride, Zap?”
“Why not! Sounds like fun.”
“You either come with us, Bean, or go home, but I’m going in there to get your sneaker. Considering how you’re behaving—a little too much like Johnny B for my tastes—I might just have to charge you for the service.”
Continuing to compound my poor judgment, I tagged along for the next lap of this—as I saw it—ill-conceived journey. The three of us paraded down the O’Malley’s alleyway, which put us directly behind the Kern’s backyard. Richie promptly lifted himself to the top of the brick wall with the wrought iron spikes and scanned the carpet of weeds below.
“You see anything?” Zap asked.
“Outside of weeds—nothing. It’s a funny thing though…we trampled all over them this morning and now they’re pretty much standing up straight. Resilient creatures. You wouldn’t even know that we’d been in there.” 
“Come on, Richie, forget about it!” I said.
“Okay, I’m ready to take the plunge.”
“Really, Richie…the cops aren’t going to like this one bit.”
“Bean, they’re not staking out the place. They’ll never know. Take a chill pill for Christ’s sake.”
Richie wasn’t about to heed my verbal pleas and back off at this late hour. Zap and I listened to the loud thump of his landing in the Kern’s backyard.
“See anything of interest back there?” Zap queried.
“Nothing yet. But it’s got to be nearby. Sneakers don’t walk away all by themselves.”
“All right, man,” I said, “but at least keep your voice down.”
We heard Richie rustling through the weeds for thirty seconds or so and then the eeriest sound of all—total silence.
“Richie…what’s going on?” I said softly, but loud enough for him to hear me—assuming, of course, that he was still only a few feet away on the other side of the wall.
“Richie, come on, where are you, man?” 
“This is really weird, Zap.”
“Maybe he was sucked into the ground—Kingsbridge quicksand—just like the mysterious missing boy.”
“Come on, Richie, the big joke’s over,” I said. “He’s always pulling crap like this.”
“Yeah, Richie, come on out of there. It’s getting dark.”
“I’m going to have a look.”
I impulsively hoisted my body up to the top of the wall and clung to a couple of iron spikes. With the concrete grounds as my launching pad, reaching the wall’s peak was relatively straightforward. Scaling the wall from the Kern’s backyard was slightly more involved—for me at least.
I peered down into the muddle of weeds and noticed the areas where Richie had just trod. I didn’t see a single trail leading out of the backyard jungle. So, where is he? Where is this exasperating pal of mine?
“I don’t see any sign of him, Zap,” I said.
“He’s got to be in there somewhere.”
“Richie, come on…ha ha…you’ve done it again…we’re impressed.” 
As I craned my neck forward for a closer inspection of the wall’s interior side, a hand grabbed hold of my right calf and pulled me down. I plummeted fast and hard into the weedy brush, landing flush on my right shoulder. 
“I found your sneaker,” Richie said while triumphantly holding it up in the air. 
“What’s going on in there?” 
“I found Bean’s sneaker, Zap. I just wanted to show him where—that’s all. Mission accomplished!”
“You could have broken my neck just now, moron!” 
I slowly picked myself up. My shoulder ached and my hindquarters were sore from the fall. Worse than that, the rough abrasions I had received earlier in the day, courtesy of Peter Kern, came back to life with a vengeance.
Richie flung my sneaker over the wall and then offered me a hand step, which I accepted. Foremost, I wanted out of the unfriendly confines of the Kern’s backyard for all-time.
The evening had grown considerably darker—very quickly it seemed—by the time Richie joined Zap and me on the warm and reassuring concrete surface of Corlear Avenue. 
“You know, Richie, that was really asinine what you just did. It’s bad enough that you go back in there…but this last stunt of yours beats everything.”
“I got your sneaker back. You should be jumping for joy.”
”Well, I’m not. Look at me!” I was covered again in weed crud and my scrapes and scratches were raw, and some were bleeding again.
“Bean, be a big boy for once in your life and stop whining like some prissy butt. So, you got a few tiny cuts today on your arms and legs. I got punched in my face—remember?”
“That’s what I feel like doing to you right now.”
“Try it, Bean, and see where you end up.”
“Richie, what were you doing in there?” Zap asked.
“I was standing up alongside the wall and listening to everything you guys were saying. I figured Bean would be pissing in his panties.”
“That’s really nice, Richie…really nice,” I said.
“Bean, I give you credit for scaling the wall. I figured you would send Zap in looking for me.”
“You’ve been pulling this garbage all day long. Benjy is in the hospital right now because of you. God knows what else would have happened to us had the cops not shown up when they did. Everything that has happened today is your goddamn fault!”
“Little Bean is really pissed off at me, Zap. I’m afraid he might do me bodily harm.”
Richie and Zap laughed. I didn’t. 

13
With my formerly lost sneaker secure in my clutches, I headed home for the night. While I strongly disapproved of the means to this end, I could candidly say that after all of the day’s insanity, I was glad to have it back. It was like reuniting with an old friend. Richie and Zap opted to hang around together and not accompany me—for even one step—on my short journey down the three-family house concrete backyards of Corlear Avenue to the junction where they parallel the three-family house concrete backyards of Tibbett Avenue. 
It had been a long summer’s day with entirely too much heat, humidity, and unwelcome drama for my tastes. I was spent. Richie’s latest super-funny joke was the straw that broke the camel’s back. I just wanted to get inside now, take a shower, watch the Mets’ game, and then crash. Both my scratched-up limbs and weary brain thirsted for a good night’s sleep, although I knew that prospect was unlikely with the god-awful humidity, post-sunset ninety degrees temperature, and—yes—the cold hard fact that the Casale household didn’t have one air-conditioner on the premises. 
When I at long last climbed into bed after watching my team whip the Atlanta Braves on the minuscule black-and-white TV set in my room, a large box fan furiously spun in the window, which faces out into the alleyway. It marginally aided in moving around the stagnant air, but I was nonetheless sticky and sore all through the night—bonding with my bed sheets like a barnacle to a ship’s hull. My brother Mike, who shares the bedroom with me, arrived home sometime after midnight. He had been at the Pinewood with his buddies and our room promptly assumed a stale saloon bouquet. Mike’s a college man now—a few years older than me—and works a full-time summer job in nearby Yonkers. He has this uncanny knack for being a lifeguard at Sprain Ridge Pool by day, drinking like a sailor by night, and always appearing bright-eyed and bushy-tailed when he wakes up in the morning. He’s been a good big brother to me for as long as I can remember. On the subject of growing up, Mike’s filled in innumerable blanks. 
When my mother burst into our bedroom very early in the morning—without knocking, which is her way—I was awoken for the last time from what had been an agitated night’s sleep. Several times during the night, I had gotten out of bed, parched, and in dire need of a glass of water. At one point, I soaked a washcloth with cold water and placed it on my forehead. While it helped me fall back to sleep, I awoke a short time later with the still very wet cloth resting on my head, but as warm as the night itself. 
This restless sleeping experience of mine also involved dreams—lots of them it seemed—with most of their particulars lost to the night. I remember only that they touched upon the events of the previous day. Richie, Johnny B, and Benjy co-starred in them, as did the Kern brothers and Mrs. Burke, too. When my mother barged in, I was in the midst of one starring Peter Kern and the distasteful matter of murder. Somewhere in that murky realm between consciousness and unconsciousness, I was unnerved and awoke with a fluttering heart. 
“What is it?” I said to my mom, who never gives her sixteen- and nineteen-year-old sons the courtesy of a knock on their bedroom door. 
Mike and I have been after her for some time to afford us a little privacy, but she always dismisses our pleas as “silly.” Mike thinks Mom is overly fixated on us becoming young men—the raging hormones thing. He is resolute in his belief that she wants to catch us masturbating or—better yet—prevent us from rubbing the pink eraser altogether. It’s her pilgrim ancestry, I guess. Actually, my mom originally came to New York from a leafy hamlet in Northwestern Massachusetts to become a singer of all things. She met my father while shopping in Macy’s at Herald Square. They dated, got married, and eventually had three kids. My mom ended up forging a career as a mother, not a singer, and works part-time in Fuhrman’s, the neighborhood’s department store. Betraying her WASP roots, she converted to Catholicism along the way, too. Really, I’d just prefer that when I’m dressing and undressing in my bedroom, Mom—or my younger sister Terry, who is regrettably following in her footsteps—don’t come popping in unannounced. In our family playbook, bedroom door locks and basic privacy are considered instruments of the devil.
“Officer Tanner just called and wants to see you down at the precinct at eleven o’clock.”
“Officer Tanner?”
“He says he spoke with you yesterday at the Kern’s.”
“Oh, yeah…right…I didn’t know that was his name. He must have told us at some point, but I don’t recall. What did he say it was about?”
“He didn’t say…but what do you think it’s about? Obviously, what happened yesterday with Peter Kern.”
“Is Dad up?” 
“No, he’s still asleep. I just got the call. You didn’t hear the phone ringing?”
“Yeah, I guess I did…but I thought I was dreaming.”
“It’s no dream, Matt!”
As I became increasingly awake and aware, it dawned on me that I had to take a pee really bad and jumped out of bed. Having imbibed a reservoir’s worth of water during the night explained this urgent call of nature. Clad only in a pair of white briefs, I dashed to the bathroom at the far end of our elongated upstairs apartment. Little sister Terry giggled at the spectacle, which she’s been known to do when she spies either of her two brothers in his underwear. 
Upon releasing a torrent of urine into the toilet bowl, I heaved a huge sigh of relief, swiveled around, and checked myself out in the body-sized mirror on the back of the bathroom door. It was the antithesis of a Fonzie “Ayyyyy!” moment for me. Gazing upon this reflection of me practically naked, I couldn’t help but notice how thin I was—and why, I suppose, I’m nicknamed “Bean.” I pored over the many Mercurochrome-highlighted scratches I had on my arms and legs, which was when I felt a sudden but fearsome pang of rage for Richie, who was chiefly responsible—directly and indirectly—for the numerous zigzagging scrapes along my elbows, calves, and just about everywhere else. 
When I unlocked the bathroom door and exited into the short hallway that connects to our dining room, Terry said to me in the annoyingly high-pitched voice of a twelve-year old: “Now don’t you look cute in your underpants!” The bathroom is the only room in our house with a working lock. She had been patiently waiting for her turn and, too, the opportunity to embarrass me as I hurried back to my bedroom—through the dining room and living room—in my BVDs. 
When I reached the bedroom, I grabbed the shorts hanging on my bedpost, put them on straightaway, and then rummaged through my dresser drawer for a pair of socks. Mike was so far unmoved by all the commotion and sleeping like a log. Our bedroom still reeked of a seedy bar. It reminded me of the smell that wafts in the ether just outside of Gibbon’s Tavern on W231st Street, which I pass by many times in my travels. I sensed that my mother wasn’t too happy with the room’s early morning fragrance, as well as Mike’s hard night of drinking, but she cuts him a lot of slack because he both works a full-time job and generously contributes to the household budget.
The new morning was a carbon copy of its predecessor—hot and hazy with the sky a pale, polluted-looking yellow—but the latest weather report forecast a cold front, accompanied by severe thunderstorms, passing through in the afternoon. Cooler temperatures and lower humidity were in the offing. 
I made myself two slices of toast with peanut butter—a typical breakfast of mine—and poured a cup of coffee from the pot on the stove. Without fail, my mom prepares a large pot of coffee every morning. As needed, the male members of the house heat it up at whatever their breakfast times happen to be. Foremost on my mind as I dunked a slice of peanut-buttered toast into my coffee cup was whether Richie had received a similar morning call. 
After finishing my breakfast, which only took a few minutes—I’m a notoriously fast eater—I slipped on my new purple PRO-Keds, which were a happy twosome again, and a respectable, solid blue T-shirt. I wouldn’t want to go down to the police station looking like Oliver Twist or wearing an advertisement for the Brigantine Castle. Oblivious to everything, including the morning steam bath, Mike gently snored on without interruption.
The odds maker in me estimated that there was a better than fifty-fifty chance that Richie had also gotten a call from the police, and that he’d be on the lookout for me. When I opened my front door, he was on his stoop all right and watering the Ragusa family flowerpots, which were chock-full of marigolds, petunias, and a couple of other seasonal flowers that I recognize by sight but not genus. 
“The police call you this morning?” I called out to him before he could pose the identical question to me.
“They did indeed.”
“What time do they want you there?”
“Eleven.”
“Same here,” I said.
“Your father going to go with you?” 
“Probably. He’s still asleep though. How about you?”
“My ma. Pa’s off to work.”
“How’d he take the news about what happened yesterday?”
“He yelled and screamed for a while like a good ex-Marine. Told me that I had disobeyed him and that I could have been killed…you know…the usual blather.”
“Any punishment in store for you?”
“Yeah…I can’t work at McDonald’s anymore.”
“You serious?”
“Are you kidding, Bean! That is the punishment! In fact, I’m working this afternoon. Really…Private Ragu…he’s more bark than bite.”
When the screen on the window directly above me opened up with a maddening screech, I could see my mother’s hands at work. Moms poking their heads out of windows and tracking down their offspring—and calling out their names in very loud voices when circumstances warrant—is not uncommon in the neighborhood. 
My mother looked straight down and found me standing directly below her on the front stoop’s top step. Unlike the Ragusa’s newer stoop, we have no landing on ours. Fortunately, for neighborhood ears one and all, there was no need for an embarrassing and earsplitting shout of “Maaaaat!”
“Matt, your friend Johnny just called. He sounded a little upset.”
“Johnny B, a little upset…I doubt it Mom,” I said. “What did he want?”
“He got a call, too, to go down to the station. I told him you were outside. So, you might just want to go up and see him.”
“Mom, I don’t have to, because here he comes.” I gestured with my hands up the street, where Johnny B could be seen heading in our general direction.
“Your dad’s up. He’ll go down with you,” Mom said.
“He’s okay with that?” 
“Yes…why wouldn’t he be?”
“What time is it now?”
“It’s almost 9:30.”
My mother closed the screen, which made another shrill creaking sound that seemed especially piercing on this deathly still summer’s morning.
“Whoa there, Johnny B…slow it down,” I said as he breathlessly hurdled toward Richie and me. “It’s too early and too hot to be in training for the Olympics.”
“Do you guys have to go down to the stationhouse, too?” 
“Of course we do,” Richie replied. “Did you think they were only going to arrest a fat putz like you?”
“You know, Richie, you’re not funny at all. In fact, you’re the King of Unfunny! This is serious business. I wasn’t even there when you guys took the pounding yesterday. I don’t get it.”
“Yeah, but you trespassed,” Richie said. “And that’s the serious offense here.”
“Bean, do you really think it is?”
“No, Johnny B, it’s got nothing at all to do with our trespassing. Richie’s joking.”
“Then what’s it all about?”
“What’s it all about, Bean Brain,” Richie began singing.
“It’s about the Kerns, Johnny B. The cops picked up Red and were looking for fat Peter. He wasn’t actually arrested for punching Richie in the schnoz and tossing Benjy around like a Frisbee.”
“Well…we’ll know what it’s all about soon enough,” Richie said. “I’ll see you guys later.”
“Yeah…later, Richie. It should be a lot of laughs.” 
I watched him, with an empty watering can in his hand, yank open his screen door and disappear into the house. His exit from the stoop stage served as a natural sedative for the high-strung Johnny B. 
“I just don’t get it, Bean. What does any of this have to do with us?”
“This is about the Kerns—not us, Johnny B.” 
“I hope you’re right.”
“I know I am.”
“My mom’s completely freaked.”
“I can imagine she would be.”
“She doesn’t know anything about this Kern business.”
“What did you tell her then?”
“I told her that I didn’t know what was going on.”
“Oh, boy…it’s going to be a long day, Johnny B…a long day.” 
“You can say that again.”
“It’s going to be a long day, Johnny B…a long day.”
“Very funny, Bean…very funny.”
“Your dad going to go with you?”
“Mom, I guess. My dad left for work before the call came in.”
“Fun for you…and fun for me, too,” I said. The mere notion of sitting with Mrs. Bauer in the same room—in a police station no less—was too horrible to contemplate.
With the clock approaching that fateful hour, Johnny B and I parted company to prepare for our respective police station visits. I have never been inside the new 50th precinct stationhouse on Kingsbridge Avenue, which opened in 1974. I visited its original location on Kingsbridge Terrace, several blocks away, on a St. John’s grammar school field trip—but that seemed like eons ago. As a callow youth, getting both a tour of the neighborhood police station and a first-hand civics lesson was actually pretty exciting. Fast-forward to the present though—on this steamy July morning—and I feel no such thrill in the air.

14
After parting company with Johnny B, I returned to the hothouse, otherwise known as my upstairs apartment, and found my dad prepping to escort me to the precinct. He didn’t appreciate having his workday morning routine interrupted. Considering the late hours of his job with Ma Bell—four to midnight—the mornings constitute his most precious free time. So, I didn’t blame him for being cranky at this unforeseen derailing of the way things ordinarily work. And although he always claims that our feeling the summer’s heat—and complaining about it—is some sort of character defect, I had my suspicions that our exceptionally uncomfortable living quarters compounded his misery.
Father and son left for the stationhouse a shade after 10:30. Since it was only a few blocks away, there was never any discussion as to whether or not we would drive there. As we passed by the Bauer house, then the Kern place, our sidewalk banter was predictably stilted. When I spotted the latter’s garage door open—with no sign of anybody in it—a knot materialized in my stomach. Apprehensive already about having to speak with the police concerning God knows what, I already had one pretty big one—and one knot in my stomach was enough for someone as slight as me. Is Red back home? Is fat Peter free to continue his reign of terror?
As my father and I meandered up the block to the W236th Street intersection and turned right, we saw neither hide nor hair of the Ragusa or Bauer parties in our travels. Since Richie, Johnny B, and I figured that each one of us would be with an accompanying parent, not going to the stationhouse as one big happy family was our implicit plan. 
Despite being fully apprised of the previous day’s events, my father didn’t grasp the significance—to me at least—of the Kern’s open garage. He merely wanted to get this interview with the police over and done with. En route, I more or less apologized to him. I told my dad that I should have heeded his advice concerning any association with Red Kern. He didn’t actually accept my apology, but then he didn’t seem to think one was really owed him. Our unique brand of father-son communication, built on a rock-solid foundation that I’d describe as an utter lack of communication, was on display.
Still, I valued my taciturn dad and the overall benign nature of our relationship, which is in sharp contrast with the prickly rapport Richie has with his father. I would love to know why Mr. Ragusa doesn’t allow Richie to work in the family business. His older brother, T. Sauce, works six-day weeks during the summer months. Other relations are employed in the business, too, including some of Richie’s cousins, who are close in age to him. It’s all so strange. I really wish Leonard Nimoy would go In Search Of…“Why Richie doesn’t work at the fruit store?” It could be that Mr. Ragusa wants his youngest son to be something more than a fruit store guy, and is hoping that a variety of work experiences will aid and abet his future. Like me, Richie plans on attending college in a couple of years, and his career expectations, I know, do not include managing the family’s fruit business or, for that matter, enlisting in the Marines. 
If Mr. Ragusa is known for anything around the neighborhood, it’s that he works very hard and an awful lot—sometimes seven days a week. He’s got a really big mouth and, without any prompting, sounds off about this, that, and the other thing. A Marine in his younger days—prior to marrying Richie’s mom and becoming the Fruit Store King—the man espouses a worldview that, in my opinion, never quite jibes with reality. He loathes President Carter—even more than Richie hates working in McDonald’s. I find it maddening to be in his presence for any stretch of time. Fortunately, I see very little of him because he’s almost always working. By comparison, Mr. Ragusa makes my father seem like Mike Brady or Ward Cleaver. The fact that it’ll be Mrs. Ragusa, and not Mr. Ragusa, with Richie at the stationhouse pleases me to no end—and I’m one hundred percent certain that Richie is pretty happy about it, too.
When my father and I arrived at the precinct entrance on Kingsbridge Avenue, we were perspiration-laden—the ultra-sticky summer’s morning saw to that. We were seconds away from entering the building’s front lobby when a voice shouted out at us from a passing car: “The Casale boys!” Richie’s ample-sized cranium jutted from the passenger side window of his family’s metallic blue Dodge Dart Swinger. His mother was behind the wheel and, from the looks of things, searching for a parking space. I could have guessed that the Ragusas would drive the few blocks to their destination. Richie’s mom is not much of a walker. She takes the car virtually everywhere—even to the Wo Far Kitchen, a short block away, for takeout Chinese food. 
As we shared a laugh at the notion of Mrs. Ragusa hunting down a nearby parking space, my dad and I experienced a rare bonding moment. We chuckled at the prospect of the Ragusas having to park a block or more away—and maybe even under the El on Broadway—because of the challenging parking logistics around the busy station. 
When the two of us finally entered the lobby, my father informed a woman at the front desk why we were there. She told us to have a seat in the waiting area, where we found Johnny B, a veritable Mexican jumping bean, fidgeting in his seat. He was with his older brother Andrew and not his mother. It was Christmas in July as far as I was concerned. I performed an internal jig in celebration of this chaperoning arrangement. If Mrs. Bauer was alongside him, I have no doubt whatsoever that she would be blaming me—most of all—for getting her angelic offspring in such a fix.
Johnny B’s twenty-one-year-old sibling towers over him. It’s sometimes hard to believe they’re brothers. Unlike the Bauer matriarch, Andrew is an agreeable human being. He effortlessly mixes with both those younger and those older than him. Andrew has always been nice to me, which I’ve discovered is more of an exception to the rule of how older brothers treat their younger brothers’ friends. He had no problem initiating a conversation with my reticent father. I briefly contemplated thanking him for the use of his old Converse high-top sneakers yesterday morning, but decided against it. I still had them in my possession and, if he didn’t know anything about it, the labyrinthine back-story would have been difficult to explain.
When Richie and his mom at long last joined us in the waiting area, we were a motley crew—a mother, father, and big brother chaperoning three teenagers in a police station. The verbal exchange between and among us was mostly trivial and more than a little bit awkward. We spoke very little about the Kerns and what happened to us the day before. 
“I wonder if Benjy’s come home yet?” I said at one point during a lull in the conversation.
“Maybe we could stop by his house on the way back?” Johnny B replied.
“That’s not a bad idea. Let’s do that.”
“Count me out of any social calls this afternoon. I have to work. I just hope we’re out of here by one o’clock,” Richie said.
“What time is your shift?” I asked.
“It starts at two.”
“You’ll be out of here—no problem. How long can this thing take?” 
“This can drag on a very long time, Bean Salad…trust me,” Andrew Bauer said.
“You have some first-hand knowledge, Andy-boy?” Richie asked with a sly grin on his face.
“As a matter of fact, I do, Richie Ragu.”
“You want to tell us about it.”
“Sorry, my lips are sealed,” Andrew replied with an easy chuckle. Richie and I laughed at the implication. Johnny B joined Mrs. Ragusa and my dad in not finding this subject matter amusing.
Immediately after this interchange, Officer Tanner appeared. He informed us that we would be speaking shortly with Detective Suarez concerning the Kern brothers and a possible criminal case against them. He, though, was tight-lipped about the specifics. 

15
Andrew Bauer was prescient. We didn’t get out of the stationhouse until very late in the afternoon—closer to suppertime than lunchtime. From a payphone in the lobby, Richie called his manager at McDonald’s to say he’d be late, and then—a couple of hours later—placed a second call to notify him that he wouldn’t be in at all. Coincidentally, the McDonald’s where he works is just across the street from the precinct. The sign says the franchise has sold more than twenty billion hamburgers all over the world. We could have sent out for lunch there and added to this ever-growing number, but ate instead in the station’s small canteen. 
My father, meanwhile, phoned home as the two o’clock hour approached and asked my mom to call his job and say that he wasn’t feeling well and suffering from a bad case of diarrhea. His shift began at four and he rode the subway into lower Manhattan, typically budgeting at least an hour and a half of travel time. He would use a sick day and enjoy a three-day weekend; although his Friday’s waking hours would largely be spent in a police precinct. At least the place was air-conditioned.
While the day was certainly a tedious one, it was not—in the end—uninteresting. In fact, what Richie, Johnny B, and I learned on this summer’s afternoon was, in many ways, mind-boggling. Detective Suarez spoke with us in pairs—the ones that we had arrived in—and never as the gang of six who met and spit the breeze in the waiting room. Richie and I agreed to press formal assault charges against Peter Kern, which considerably added to our time spent at the stationhouse. On this last count, Johnny B and his brother Andrew got off easy and beat us home by hours.
It was what we discovered about the Kerns—our longtime neighbors—that bowled us over, particularly in light of the events of the previous day, as well as the numerous summer nights spent through the years jawing with Red in his driveway. For starters, both brothers were being held for questioning as possible murder suspects. Detective Suarez’s insistence on us pressing assault charges against Peter was grounded—at least partially, I think—in giving the police a little more time in which to build a stronger case. He could not keep the brothers in custody indefinitely—or even for very much longer—unless more pieces to the puzzle were found. So far, the evidence at his disposal was both circumstantial and incomplete.
All the same, Detective Suarez supplied us with just enough red meat from the ongoing investigation to take some of the bite off the wearisome waiting around and slow wheels of justice. Even my typically reserved father seemed invigorated by what he was hearing. He couldn’t wait to get home and tell my mother, grandmother, and Uncle Paul all the juicy particulars. Right off the bat, the detective told us that an anonymous phone call had recently been received concerning an unsolved case in police files—one that had gone cold a long time ago involving a missing boy. 
This unidentified woman caller, Detective Suarez said, claimed she knew where the skeletal remains of this boy could be found. She refused to reveal her identity and offered not so much as a hint regarding her relationship with Peter Kern or the Kern family. She would only say that Peter, while stone drunk, blurted out a very wild but—based on the intricacies of its details—seemingly credible story. With the assistance of his younger brother, James, Peter boasted that he had committed the brutal murder of a playmate of theirs. Peter said the unspeakable act occurred almost a quarter of a century ago, inside the family house, and that the dead body had been moved on the night of the killing and buried in the woods of Van Cortlandt Park. 
The tipster furnished the police with an approximate area—north of the park’s lake and just off its sprawling golf course—in which to forage. Somewhere in that stretch of woodlands and swampy mire was where Peter allegedly claimed the boy’s body ended up. The mystery lady abruptly hung up the phone moments before police could trace the call, the detective said.
Taking the anonymous tip seriously, Detective Suarez reopened a cold case that had been dormant for more than two decades, with no new information having come down the pike in all that time. Detective Suarez nonetheless pored over the file several years ago and became convinced that the Kern family had, at the very least, something to do with it. The fact that he had also become acquainted with Peter Kern, and his notorious reputation in police circles, further fueled his suspicions. The detective also alluded to having another open case on his docket in which Peter Kern was—at least informally—a possible, if not the prime, suspect. From what I was hearing, I got the impression that Peter has mob ties or something.
Supervised by Detective Suarez, the police thoroughly combed over the area described to them. This rather broad and diverse slice of geography required some hunches and guesswork on their parts as to where best to concentrate their efforts and what grounds to unearth. After a couple days of coming up empty, the detective and his team struck pay dirt in close proximity to the meandering path of Tibbetts Brook. The skeletal remains of a child were disinterred in this marshy and muddy sliver of the park, but curiously there was no skull among the bones. Without matching the teeth with the missing boy’s dental records, police could not positively identify the body. 
According to their source, Peter also said he had an adult accomplice who assisted him in burying the body—perhaps even his father. In light of the startling finding of a long dead body and this last tidbit of information, Detective Suarez was keenly interested in our relationships with Red Kern. When Richie and I found time to compare notes at one point in the afternoon—after we both had been probed by the authoritative but genial detective—we concluded that our old buddy was, perhaps, a key piece to an unfinished puzzle. The Cream Sam Man possibly had the answers to where, why, and how. 
Foremost, Detective Suarez wanted to know if Red had ever spoken to us about the missing neighborhood boy. Naturally, both Richie and I told him about the night, not too long ago, when Johnny B broached the subject and Red completely freaked out. He was likewise interested in everybody and everything associated with the Kern family and the old Kern homestead on Tibbett Avenue. Had we ever had a run-in with Peter before yesterday? Did we ever get into the house? What exactly did we see when we were in the backyard? 
When I recounted Johnny B’s claim to have seen a woman at the back window—presumably Mrs. Kern—Detective Suarez told me point-blank that it was definitely not her. Throwing rocks and beer bottles was a physical impossibility for an old lady resting in an urn on the living room mantelpiece. The Kern matriarch was dead and had been for two years. 
I wasn’t the only one staggered by this piece of news. After all, nobody in the neighborhood knew. Evidently, Peter had brought his mother to a hospital one night, where she was pronounced dead on arrival. He claimed that she was among the living when he put her into his car, but the doctors examining her concluded that could not have been possible. Mrs. Kern had been dead for some time, they said, and there was no chance in hell that Peter could not have realized that. While he was a vile man on countless levels, he wasn’t a dimwit. And so the police treated the death as suspicious, but—in the end—found no compelling evidence that she had died of anything but natural causes. That is, if one considers acute alcoholism and a cirrhotic liver natural causes. Peter and Red eventually got custody of their mother’s body and had it cremated.
So, the most immediate unanswered questions, as far as we were concerned, were: Who, then, was at that back window? And who did we see being ushered away in a police car yesterday afternoon? Were they one and the same person? Detective Suarez said that Peter’s girlfriend had been picked up at the house for questioning and then released. Whether she was the one tossing rocks and beer bottles at us yesterday morning remained to be seen, although it seemed very likely to me. 
Interestingly, this very same woman had returned to the Kern house this morning—against explicit police instructions not to go near the place. Attempting to remove stuff from the premises, she had been caught in the act and apprehended. This little news footnote explained the open garage that my dad and I had passed by on our way to the station. Detective Suarez made it clear, though, that he was not suggesting that she was there to tamper with possible evidence. She claimed that she was merely back to gather some personal belongings of hers, which appeared to be the case.
It was a little past five o’clock when Richie and I, along with his mother and my father, stepped out into the open air. A final bit of police business—a postscript to the long day—had brought the four of us together. We were free at last and promptly caught whiffs of both McDonald’s and nearby cookie factory Stella D’oro on the eastside of Broadway. Not having eaten much at lunchtime, these dueling aromas made me pine for both my supper and my dessert. 
Conversely, the sky that greeted us was an ominous blend of purples, grays, and whites—the deep whites seen in curling cigar smoke. Lightning flashes were visible to the west, and the distant rumbles of thunder were becoming increasingly less distant with each passing second. The winds were picking up speed, too, and a serious downpour appeared imminent. The hellish morning heat and humidity had been replaced by a weather whirlpool that was blowing McDonald’s hamburger wrappers, miscellaneous litter, and dry leaves all around us. 
Mrs. Ragusa offered the Casales a ride home, which my father and I gladly accepted. We deduced that we’d definitely get caught in the rain were we to walk home, and only possibly get caught in it if we made our way over to the Ragusa’s car, which was parked on the next block: Corlear Avenue between W236th Street and W238th Street. 
When the skies opened up and unleashed a deluge of water upon us, we weren’t quite at our destination and began running in unison. The more fleet-footed Richie and I made it to the car before both his mom and my dad. However, with the car keys in Mrs. Ragusa’s possession, our winning this mad dash accomplished nothing. When the four of us were at last in the cozy confines of the car’s interior, the damage was already done. We were soaked to the skin—literally—from head to toe. I began singing Neil Sedaka’s “Laughter in the Rain” and Richie made it a duet. The old folks were not in a singing mood.
As sheets of water poured down over them like mini-waterfalls, it was impossible to see a thing outside the car’s windows. The thunder and lightning were ferocious now, with the former making exceptionally loud and reverberating sounds that violently shook the Ragusa’s Dart Swinger, and the latter supplying us with an explosive, disco-like light show. 
With visibility near zero—even with the windshield wipers humming at full tilt—we waited several minutes before taking off for home. When we finally hit the road, a huge tree branch fell in our path on Corlear Avenue, compelling Mrs. Ragusa to perform a broken u-ey and drive along the unobstructed Kingsbridge Avenue instead to the W232nd Street intersection. Tree branches and assorted debris were everywhere, and live electrical wires dangled close to the ground just a couple of houses up the street from us. It was a fittingly dramatic finish to our long and involved day at the stationhouse, I thought.

16
When my father and I walked through the door at the top of our hallway stairwell, the living room was unusually dark, even when factoring in the gloomy gray skies outside. The clock in the kitchen read 5:10—some seven hours after we began our day’s prolonged and unpredictable odyssey—but I noticed its second-hand stood motionless. 
“We have no lights!” my mother shouted out from her bedroom at the far end of the apartment. “The storm knocked them out a little while ago.”
“At 5:10, I’d wager.”
“What are you going on about, Matt?”
“Mom, you were still able to cook supper, I hope? I smell pork chops.” My stomach growled in anticipation of a yes answer. 
“That’s right…pork chops.” My nose rarely gets these things wrong and, as good fortune would have it, our stove runs on gas and was not impacted by the power outage. 
“Thank God…I’m starving to death.”
“I hope you ate something for lunch,” my mother said with genuine maternal concern.
“Yeah, I did.”
“You know him though. He didn’t like what they had there,” my father said with more than a trace of annoyance in his voice. 
“How’d everything go?” my mother asked.
“We’ve got a mother lode to tell you, Mother.”
“Well, get those wet clothes off first—both of you!” 
“A candlelight dinner tonight,” I said. “How cool is that!”
I performed an about-face and retreated to my bedroom, which is just off the living room. The bedroom door is actually at the top of the hallway stairwell—a cold entry and exit point during the wintertime. Beginning with my shirt, which had to be practically peeled off, I began removing my soaking wet clothes. I could have squeezed five pounds of water out of my shirt alone. It felt like a fully saturated chamois cloth that I’m accustomed to handling when washing and drying the family car.
The Casale apartment was still pretty stuffy from the recent heat wave—bad air just never departs as quickly as it arrives and grabs hold of this upstairs lair of ours. As cooling breezes played games with the shades on my bedroom windows—pushing them out, then in, and then out again with popping force—encouraging signs were nonetheless everywhere.
“Benjy Thomas is back home,” my mother said as she barreled into my room without knocking. She came bearing not only this piece of news, but a dry towel as well.
“Really? That’s awesome! When did he get back?”
“This afternoon sometime. His mother called and said he’s doing fine. She said the police were coming by tonight to take a statement or something from him.”
“Yeah, I figured they would just as soon as he got home.” 
I had intentionally kept my wet shorts on in anticipation of this unannounced visitor. Upon my mother’s exit, I fully undressed and began drying my entire body. It felt good to be home and in clean, dry clothes. With my new pair of sneakers waterlogged, I had no choice but to slip on my old, ragged pair, which were brought out of retirement again—the second time in as many days. I was primed and ready to eat now. I was also curious to hear from Johnny B. Since he had met with Detective Suarez, neither Richie nor I had any contact with him. 
After devouring a most welcome feast of pork chops, mashed potatoes, and string beans under soft candlelight—and washing it down with a couple of glasses of iced tea with less than premium ice cubes courtesy of the power interruption—I excused myself and went outside. Local utility Con Edison crews were visible just up the street. The rain had not only stopped, but the sky had completely cleared, too. The day’s waning sunlight was now ushering in a night that promised to be free of the excessive humidity that we had become so unhappily accustomed. The storm’s passage had worked wonders. Losing power for a short spell was a small price to pay for this kind of relief. 
“Hey, what do you say there, Richie?” I called over to him when he stepped out of his front door and found me seated on the top step of my stoop. 
“The lights just came back on.”
“Cool. Let’s hear it for Con Edison! No gross negligence tonight.”
“So, have you recovered from your big day?” 
“Not quite, but at least I had a good meal. Man, I was famished. How about you?”
“We had Chinese for supper. I’m glad they didn’t lose power down the street.”
“Wo Far?”
“Yeah.”
“Any good?”
“I like their chow mein. It’s a change of pace.”
“There are way too many things in Chinese food for my tastes. I’ll eat their barbecued spareribs and plain white rice—that’s about it.”
“Your eating habits are another thing completely whacked about you.”
“Another thing?”
“Yeah…another thing.”
“You’re such a pal, Richie, you know that.”
“I know…I know.”
“Your mom must be pretty exhausted from all that waiting around. My dad is washed-out,” I said.
“Yeah, I suppose…but I’m just glad I was with her all day and not my father. He’d have raised Cain down there for sure.”
“I catch your drift, man.”
“Hear anything from Johnny B yet?”
“No, but my mother spoke with Mrs. Thomas. Benjy’s home. The cops are going to get an official statement from him—tonight, I think.”
“That’s good news.”
“What do you say to walking up to Johnny B’s? I’m dying to know how he made out in his interview with Detective Suarez.”
“I am, too…though today’s ordeal might already have him tucked in bed for the night.”
“Johnny B doesn’t handle ordeals well.”
“You can say that again.”
“Yeah, let’s go. I’ll return Andrew’s Cons while we’re at it.”
“I thought you gave them back yesterday?”
“I didn’t have a chance to with all the excitement.”
“Ah, yes, it was an eventful afternoon for us.”
“You know something, Richie,” I said, “I’ve been thinking a lot about that anonymous tipster.”
“What about her?”
“It was a her, right?”
“Yeah, so?”
“Did you think, maybe, it was Old Lady Burke?”
“Suarez said the woman claimed to have heard Peter confess the crime while he was drunk as a skunk.”
“So, what’s your point? She goes to bars.”
“True, but I doubt very much that Burke patronizes the same places as the Pigman.”
“Why not? She seems almost possessed when telling us how much she knows about the Groovie Goolies.”
“Maybe she’s got the goods on the Kerns, Bean, but she hasn’t told us a damn thing. Anything’s possible, I suppose. And, by the way, I don’t recall Suarez mentioning anything about a barroom confession. We’re just assuming that.”
“She could have just fed the police a line about when and how she learned about the murder. She could have known about this thing for a real long time.”
“Why would she wait all these years if, say, she knew about this crime twenty-five years ago?”
“I don’t know…conscience maybe…but I keep thinking about what she said…you know…about how we were very lucky yesterday morning.”
“Well, we weren’t very lucky yesterday afternoon. At least I wasn’t—and Benjy certainly wasn’t.”
“I think we were extremely lucky that the cops pulled up when they did. Psycho Brain was kicking Benjy while he was down and out. There’s no telling what he would have done to him next…and to us, too.”
“You have a point there.”
“So, what do you say? Johnny B’s?”
“Okay, get those shabby Cons of yours and, after tonight, I never want to hear another word about them.”
“They’re in the hallway,” I said. 
I opened my front screen door and reached for the old Grand Union supermarket paper bag that I had placed them in the day before.
Just as Richie and I began walking up the street, Johnny B appeared on the sidewalk directly in front of us. We were heading up the block and he was heading down. These fortuitous circumstances spared me an ordeal—ringing the Bauer’s doorbell, which I’m not too keen on as a rule, but was especially dreading tonight. No crystal ball required here: Mrs. Bauer is one unhappy camper right now, concerned for her baby, Johnny, who is—as she no doubt sees it—embroiled in some unseemly police story thanks to his no-good, juvenile delinquent friends. 
“How’d it go this afternoon, Johnny B?” I called out to him as the distance separating us narrowed.
“It was really wild and wooly in there,” he yelled back.
The three of us converged in front of a neighbor’s place—a very strange crew who live a couple of doors down from the Bauers in the first Tudor-style house in the row. When the family first moved into the neighborhood several years ago, I dubbed the patriarch “Mr. Fence”—and it has stuck to him like mucilage. Mr. Fence’s backyard borders the communal three-family home backyards where both Richie and I live. A fence separates them. His obsession with haphazardly plugging up the thing, and fortifying it to fend off evil armies of local kids, is the reason for the nickname. The family is so bizarre and standoffish that a lot of older folks in the neighborhood think the man’s real name is Mr. Fence. There is a Mrs. Fence and a Junior Fence, too, living in the house. Another son sports a mustache—Mustache Fence. 
“How exactly was it wild and wooly in there, Johnny B?” Richie asked.
“Oh, come off it, Richie. You never expected anything like this. Don’t tell me you did! We’re just lucky to be alive right now.”
“Mister Melodramatic strikes again! Really, Johnny B, what exactly is that supposed to mean? Lucky we didn’t get struck by lightning this afternoon? Lucky that a live electrical wire didn’t deep-fry us into extra-crispy pieces of Kentucky Fried Chicken during the thunderstorm?”
“You know exactly what I mean.”
“No, I don’t…enlighten me.”
“I’m talking about hanging around in Red’s driveway all those years. What if Peter had shown up? And Red, man, he’s got blood on his hands, too. I think…maybe…he’s been setting us up…you know…for something.”
“Setting us up for something, Johnny B—are you for real? You’re frothing at the mouth. Take a chill pill before you gag on your froth.”
“I’m for real all right! And you’re the one who’s gagging on his froth, doofus-brain. Detective Suarez believes he was doing just that.”
“Oh, really, did he tell you that?”
“Well, not exactly in those words.”
“Richie,” I said, “you have to at least concede that what we now know puts a different spin on a whole lot of things.”
“Yeah, sure it does, but we were hardly being groomed for a gruesome serial murder the past five or six years by some pea-brain who collects empty bleach bottles and rides around on a seat-less bicycle.”
“I’m surprised he didn’t cast you asunder—right then and there—when you snatched that one hundred dollar bill out of his hand last summer. You certainly had it coming that night…and old Red was fighting mad.”
“That’s not funny at all, Bean.”
“He had no problem slaughtering all those innocent lightning bugs that night. I’ve read that serial killers actually start out with bugs and small animals.”
“Bean, this is serious business and you’re making stupid jokes.”
“Johnny B, we’re alive—we’ve lived to tell. Take a deep breath and relax,” Richie said.
“Yeah, Johnny B, let’s just thank God we didn’t sample a Cream Sam over the last few years. It would have been laced with arsenic for sure.”
“Or Red’s semen.”
“Oh, man…grody!” I said.
“You two guys are impossible…”
“It’s impossible…tell the sun to leave the sky,” I began singing.
“Oh, yeah, that reminds me,” Johnny B interrupted, “I told Detective Suarez all about the Cream Sams…and he seemed really interested in them.”
“You told him all about what? The Cream Sams? Oh, sure, they’re the keys to breaking this case wide-open, Johnny B—the Cream Sams. Why didn’t I think of it!” 
“You’re such a jerk-off, Richie.”
“Johnny B, now you know—officially—that it couldn’t have possibly been Old Lady Kern tossing stuff at us yesterday,” I said.
“That was Shocker City, Bean. When I heard that, I nearly fainted. I’m glad Andrew was with me.”
“Man, I’d have paid money to see that,” Richie said.
“You know, I did see someone at the window. I wasn’t making that up, hallucinating, or anything like that. And it sure looked like the old hag to me. She was wearing bright red lipstick. That was the odd thing. I don’t care if you believe me or not.”
“Red lipstick?”
“Yeah, really bright red lipstick!”
“You didn’t mention that yesterday?” I said.
“I guess I just forgot.”
“I always believed you saw someone at the window, Johnny B. After all, we were getting pelted with stuff—and somebody was doing the pelting. But maybe you just saw what you expected to see there—Old Lady Kern,” I said.
“Bean the psychologist.” 
“You know what, Bean, I think you’re right—a mind over matter sort of thing.”
“It had to have been Peter’s girlfriend that you saw,” I said.
“Wearing a fright wig and bright red lipstick? Yeah, that makes perfect sense, Bean,” Richie replied.
“If she was taken to the police station from the house in the afternoon, it was her—no question about it.”
“You’re wearing both your psychologist and private eye hats tonight, I see. You’ve got it all figured out: Burke is the informer. Piglet’s girlfriend dresses up as the dearly departed Mama Kern and throws beer bottles out the back window at a couple of neighborhood punks. And the missing skull, of course, is buried in the backyard somewhere. I’m impressed.”
“That’s what Detective Suarez thinks,” Johnny B said.
“Did he tell you that?” Richie asked.
“No, but he was really interested in what we saw back there. He kept asking me things about it.”
“What we saw? Weeds are what we saw back there. I didn’t see anything else.”
“Anybody up for a Carvel?” I asked, growing weary of our prickly exchange.
“A chocolate thick shake float would hit the spot,” Richie said.
“Count me in, Bean, but I’m not walking past the Kern place. No way, José.”
“Even though there’s probably nobody home, I’m with Johnny B,” I said.
“Except for the spirit of the late Fiona Kern keeping a vigilant eye on all things from the living room mantle.”
“Richie, did you just give Old Lady Kern a posthumous first name?”
“No, I remember seeing a letter addressed to Mrs. Fiona Kern.”
“Yeah…that’s right…in their open-air, cushion of weeds mailbox.”
“Let’s just go around the block,” Johnny B said.
“Is that copasetic with you, Richie?”
“If it’ll make you two pantywaists feel better.”
“What have you got in the bag, Bean?”
“Oh…I almost forgot, Johnny B. It’s Andrew’s Cons. Do you want to drop them off at your house first?”
“I’ll just leave them on my front porch.”
“What if your mom finds an old pair of sneakers in a bag?”
“Good point, Bean. She’d probably call the police.”
“Or the FBI.”
“I’ll leave them by my garage door. She won’t see them there.”
“And what do you say we stop by Benjy’s on the way and see if he is feeling up to tagging along? If not, we could bring something back to the house for him,” I said.
“That’s a great idea, Bean,” Johnny B replied.
“Come on, Bean, I know what’s really going on.”
“How’s that?”
“It’s also a chance for you to see your Adonis, the conquering hero of Kingsbridge, who valiantly fought the evil giant Peter Kern.”
“Give it rest, Richie,” I said. “You’re a broken record. In fact, I’d like to return you to Music Man or Broadway Records…but I doubt they’d take you back.”
“Funny, Bean…real, real clever. You’re the one they wouldn’t take back with all the scratches.”
“Scratches caused by you, moron.”
“Yeah, Richie, what are you going on about? Don’t you want to see how Benjy’s doing? I don’t get you sometimes.”

17
As he stepped out of Carvel and into the greatly appreciated dry evening air, Johnny B ravenously devoured his brown bonnet ice cream cone. More leisurely slurping a vanilla thick shake, I followed close behind him. While the two of us stood outside the shop on the northwest corner of Broadway and W236th Street, a Manhattan bound Number 1 train, on the elevated tracks above, gathered momentum after its W238th Street stop and briefly drowned out our not especially stimulating repartee, which included me telling Johnny B to wipe away the ring of chocolate syrup around his mouth.
I gazed up at the procession of subway cars whizzing past us. They were covered in an unsightly fusion of graffiti and grime—the nature of the subway beast in the 1970s. I then turned my attention to street level and looked across W236th Street at Pauline’s bar and south down Broadway toward Kelton’s—a swimming pool in summertime and an ice skating rink in wintertime. Richie had a membership pass there for a couple of years running, but not this year.
Johnny B and I took our sweet time in finishing our ice creams on this agreeable night. I had, too, a chocolate thick shake in a paper bag for Benjy. Before making our ice cream run, we had stopped by his place. Just moments before our arrival, the police had taken down his official statement. When he feels up to it, Benjy will formally press assault charges against Peter Kern, too. 
Our friend seemed as good as new, albeit a bit tired and still visibly scratched and bruised, as he lounged around in his pajamas watching the Mets on television. Although we were still in the month of July, our team was, for all intents and purposes, out of the pennant race. And so, I wasn’t in any particular hurry to get home and watch tonight’s game, which I would have been a couple of months ago when hope sprang eternal. 
There aren’t too many Mets fans in Kingsbridge. It’s a Bronx neighborhood teeming with Yankees fans, including Richie and Johnny B. Benjy and I are among the exceptions. We occasionally hop on our neighborhood subway—the Number 1—and ride it down to Times Square, where we transfer to the Number 7. The Number 7 train tunnels under the East River into Queens and puts us on Shea Stadium’s doorstep. The whole trip takes about an hour and a half. And because it’s perhaps pushing the envelope a bit in this era of high crime to travel late at night via this partially subterranean mode of transportation, we attend day games as a rule. 
Benjy and I purchase grandstand seats and sit in the upper deck for less than two dollars a pop. We get a suntan on the house. It seems that virtually everyone gripes about the excessively loud distractions at Shea Stadium—of planes incessantly landing and taking off at nearby LaGuardia Airport—but I love it. It’s part of that ballpark’s special ambiance. Sure, the town belongs to that haughty franchise in the South Bronx right now—with its bombastic, bullying owner—but the pendulum will swing in the other direction real soon. I know it. 
Richie wasn’t in the least bit interested in accompanying Johnny B and me back to Benjy’s place. He opted instead to hang around Carvel’s interior and shoot the breeze with an employee, Mary Fran Heegan. She graduated from St. John’s Middle School—class of 1976—with Richie, Johnny B, and me, and lives on Bailey Avenue, a long and busy street to the east of Broadway. She makes a great thick shake, too—never skimps on the ice cream and syrup like some of her stingy colleagues. 
It seems that when Richie isn’t mimicking Don Rickles and verbally abusing his male friends these days, he is trying to make dates with various local girls. He also planned on dropping by McDonald’s, he said, to speak with his manager about having missed the day’s work and to discuss his future schedule. Richie’s got his roving eye on a co-worker there, which I’m certain has more than a little something to do with this particular on his evening itinerary.
“Holy smokes, Bean, look who’s coming our way!” 
Johnny B pointed with the bottom of his ice cream cone, which was all that was left of it, down Broadway. A neighborhood fixture—and bona fide Kingsbridge character—was heading in our direction. 
“Eureka, it’s the hunch!” I said.
This peculiar looking little man could be recognized the proverbial mile away. Always clad in neatly pressed white dress shirts, pleated black trousers, and perfectly shined shoes, he roams the area by day and often by night as well. Whenever I encounter him on the street, I valiantly endeavor not to stare at him, but am almost always unsuccessful. His local handle is “Hunchback,” or just plain “Hunch,” and he always notices my unwanted glances. In fact, he meets my stares with stares of his own. Actually, I think they would be better described as chilling glares, and I don’t enjoy being in their line of fire. 
Despite keeping everyone at arm’s length, the hunchback is widely known in the environs of Kingsbridge. I can’t really explain why, but the man fascinates me to no end. There is something secretive, even slightly ominous, about him. Exceptionally short, and with what I would classify a peanut head, the hunchback nevertheless stands out in a crowd. And, believe me, I’m not the only one aware of his distinctive loping stride and fiercely defiant glare as he traverses the neighborhood’s nooks and crannies. The local take on the hunchback is that there is something wrong with him beyond his physical abnormality. With no hard evidence to bolster his indictment, my Uncle Paul asserts that the man is “mental.” Johnny B behaves sometimes as if the hunchback is a demonic figure.
Frequently spotted wandering the West 231st Street business thoroughfare and along Broadway under the El, where Kingsbridge residents do most of their shopping, the hunchback has never once been seen patronizing an area business or carrying any kind of bags. I don’t know his name, where exactly he lives, and have never, ever heard him utter a sound.
“Let’s go, Bean. We should get Benjy that shake before it melts.”
“It’s a milk shake, Johnny B…everything’s kind of melted already.”
“I don’t want him to cross our paths.”
“He’s not a black cat. What are you so worried about?”
“You see the way that guy looks at you on the street?”
“Yeah, but that’s, probably, because you’re always looking at him.”
“Well, I just don’t want to see him up close—especially tonight after all we’ve been through the last couple of days.”
“Okay, let’s go,” I said. 
The two of us began walking to Benjy’s place, a couple of blocks away. When we reached the intersecting corner of Kingsbridge Avenue, directly in front of the 50th precinct entrance, I stopped, turned around, and looked back toward Broadway. I wanted to see the hunchback pass by.
“What are you doing, Bean?”
“I just want to see if the hunch is going to stop in Carvel for a cone or flying saucer.”
“He’s not going in there!” 
“I know he’s not, Johnny B. I was kidding.”
After several seconds of peering in the direction of the subway tracks, a northbound train slowed up in preparation for its W238th Street stop with an ear-splitting loud screech—a familiar sound around here that can be heard multiple blocks away, and even farther than that when there’s a stiff easterly breeze. With the subway serving as an appropriate drum roll, there he was—the Man of the Hour. The hunchback strode past Pauline’s bar, then Carvel, and continued north on Broadway. His destination: almost certainly the interior of Van Cortlandt Park, one of his favorite stomping grounds.
“Why are you so interested in that guy, Bean?”
“I really don’t know, Johnny B. There’s just something about him. Something mysterious…even exotic.”
“You can be really weird sometimes, you know that.”
“Yeah, I guess I can be…sometimes.”
“That guy’s scary. I ran into him coming out of the A&P last week. I was shopping for my mom and had a couple of bags in my hand. I come walking out of the place and he’s standing right there—right outside the door. He just stared at me…you know…the way he always does.”
“I bet you were staring at him.”
“I just came out of the supermarket—that’s it. He was just standing there with that funny look on his face. Bean, I know that would have been an unforgettable moment in your life, but I’m just not interested in looking him over like you are. You’re like some sort of birdwatcher when checking out these odd ducks in the neighborhood.”
“That’s a really good one, Johnny B—birdwatcher checking out odd ducks. I’m going to have to write that down when I get home.”
“Bean, what’s with you?”
“I don’t know…he’s just the kind of guy I’d like to talk to and…you know…find out things about him. I bet he has an interesting life story to tell.”
“You really, really are strange, Bean. How interesting can his life be? All he does is walk around the neighborhood day and night and stare at people…like me.”
“Maybe I am a little strange, Johnny B, but just think about our attraction to old Red through the years. There’s always been something shadowy about him and the whole Kern clan. When you get right down to it, that’s why we’ve hung around the place so much—don’t you think?”
“You may want to write the biographies of Red, Peter, and this hunchback guy someday. That’s fine by me. Just keep me out of your books, Bean, okay?
“Come on, Johnny B, how could I keep such a vital and thoroughly interesting person like you out of my books?”
“Okay…but I get some of your royalties then.”
“Deal.”

18
Having just answered nature’s call in the bathroom, I didn’t anticipate answering another call so early in the morning. As I made my way back to bed through the dining room, I was in the vicinity of our family’s telephone when it unexpectedly rang. It sounded extra loud at this time of day, when phones just weren’t meant to be ringing.
Who would be calling now at this hour? This is either a wrong number or bad news.
“Hello,” I said groggily upon picking up the receiver.
“Our old buddy Red is back in business.” 
“Richie?”
“Did you hear what I said? The Cream Sam Man is a free man!”
“What are you talking about?” I asked. 
I sat down on a chair at the dining room table. Our phone’s cord is so badly gnarled that I had little choice but to remain within a few of feet of it.
“I bumped into Red on my way home last night.”
“Last night? Where?”
“He was hanging around in his driveway.”
“What time was this?”
“Sometime after eleven…”
“Did he see you?” 
“Bean, I said I bumped into him. He not only saw me…but I chatted with him for a bit.”
“You chatted with him?”
“Is there an echo on this phone? Lima Bean, shall I repeat it for you very, very slowly so that you can understand: I…chatted…with…Red…last…night.”
“I can’t believe this, man. What did he say? When did he get out?” 
“Last night, I guess. The police didn’t have any real evidence against him—at least that’s what he told me—so they let him go home.”
“Any word on fat Peter?”
“According to our old pal—as of last night at least—Mr. Piggy Peter’s still on the inside.”
“Still on the inside doing hard time…yeah, right.”
“We can assume he’s still in police custody.”
“Can we really, Richie? For what exactly? I’m through assuming any more things about the Kern family.”
“Bean, may I recommend that you take an early chill pill with your morning coffee.”
“You and your chill pills can kiss my you know what.”
“Anyway…the Cream Sam Man is alive, well, and with a story to tell.”
“Did he have anything to say…you know…about what the arrest was all about?”
“He seemed to be more of a Wacky Package than usual, so I didn’t barrage him with twenty questions, which is what you’re doing to me now.”
“Wow, man…this is news.”
“It’s more than news, Bean. Hold on to your Mets’ cap. Do you want to hear the real kicker? He wants to talk with me, you, and Johnny B, too.”
“That sounds like a rock group: Me, You, and Johnny B, too,” I said, not taking Richie seriously. “Yeah…right…he wants to show us his latest packrat finds from the stationhouse and the interrogation room they had him in.”
“I’m not kidding you. He said he’d like to speak with the three of us. There’s something really important that he needs to tell us.”
“Are you serious?”
“I am really serious—really and truly serious…scout’s honor…cross my heart and hope to die…I swear on my dead grandfather’s crypt in Gate of Heaven,” Richie said.
“All right, Richie, all right. I believe you. But don’t you think our days of hanging around in Red’s junkyard are over and done with…in the history books? If you don’t, man, you’re fluff a nutter!”
“Hold on just a second here, Bean. Hear me out…”
“Come on, Richie, get real. After what happened with fat Peter and all the stuff we learned from Detective Suarez yesterday…”
“This is Red we’re talking about, Bean…our old buddy…the Cream Sam Man…not Captain Link Hogthrob. Red’s essentially harmless.”
“I can’t believe you! All of sudden you’re part of Red’s defense team. Richie, you never cease to amaze me! Yesterday, you were lecturing Johnny B on how he was a dunderhead for believing that Red was an innocent, law-abiding citizen. And, by the way, you can forget about Johnny B tagging along. Look, let’s talk about all of this later. You woke up the whole house here…calling this early in the morning.”
“It’s after seven, isn’t it?”
“So what! It’s Saturday. Everybody’s sleeping in my house! Just because
your ex-Marine father wakes up to Reveille every single day, it doesn’t mean the rest of the block does.”
“Meet me out front, okay? We can talk more there and not disturb the sleeping beauties.”
“Do you mind if I wash my face, brush my teeth, and put some pants on,” I said.
“Okay, I’ll see you in five minutes.” 
“It’s going to be a few minutes more than that.”
“I’ll be waiting outside.”
As I hung up the phone, I realized that I had an audience.
“Who was that?” my mother asked.
“Richie.”
“What’s he calling so early for? Doesn’t he know we’re all asleep at this hour?”
“He just wanted to tell me about last night…you know…and making a date with some chick who works with him at McDonald’s.”
“That news couldn’t wait?”
“You know him, Mom,” I said. “I’m going to meet him out front.”
“You going to go outside in your underpants?” my sister Terry interjected. She had been looming nearby, which is her way, and obviously listening in on my conversation with Richie. Just as soon as she gets the opportunity, she’ll report chapter and verse—guaranteed—of what she heard to Mom.
“Why don’t you just go back to bed, twerp-face,” I said as I rose from the chair that I was sitting in and nonchalantly walked back to my bedroom to get dressed—an attempt on my part to act as if I wasn’t the least bit self-conscious wearing just a T-shirt and briefs.
“Mom, I know what to get Matt for Christmas,” Terry shouted. “Colored underpants!”
“Keep your voice down. Your father is sleeping,” my mother said in a hushed but stern tone to Terry, whose motor mouth runs morning, noon, and night. 
When I returned to my bedroom, I found my older brother awake, which was out of character for him at such an early hour. Mike could sleep through a tsunami.
“Was that the phone I just heard ringing?” he asked.
“Don’t worry, Mike, it wasn’t the police again. It was just Richie. He called to tell me that he spoke with Red last night.”
“At the house?”
“Yeah, he talked with him in his driveway. He said that Red’s got something really important to tell us.”
“Bean, if you’re thinking about going up there…just forget it…okay?”
“I told him that I wasn’t going anywhere near the place.”
“Yeah, but I’m sure Richie Ragusa’s got some other ideas…and I know you, too.”
“I’m going to meet him out front.”
“Bean, just don’t let him talk you into anything. He’s gotten you into a lot of trouble lately. But, I’ll tell you what, if you’re intent on going up there, I want to be with you guys.”
“I told you, Mike, I’m not going anywhere near the place. If Richie wants to chat with Red, let him. He can go by himself.”
“Just don’t do anything without talking to me first, okay?”
“I won’t. I promise.”
“I know that I’ve kind of been ignoring you lately…and I’m really sorry about that, Bean Sprout.”
“You haven’t been ignoring me, Mike. You’ve just been working a lot of hours at the pool. I understand.”
“Yeah, and drinking away lots of hours at the Pinewood, too. I’ve got to keep a better eye on my little brother. You’re a magnet for trouble these days,” Mike said with a non-judgmental smile on his face.
“You’re an awesome big brother, man—and always have been.”
“Bean, feel free to talk to me about things…anytime…with whatever is on your mind. I’m here for you…remember…come what may.”
“Thanks, Mighty Mike. I know you are.”
“Okay then…get a move on…and, please, don’t let Richie Ragusa pull your strings. You see where that’s gotten you. And stop taking his put-downs lying down!”
“Will do, Mike.”
“Richie’s got a big mouth, you know. He talks behind people’s backs. He says a lot of things that he shouldn’t.”
“Like what?”
“Forget about it, Bean. You’re keeping your friend waiting.”
As I grabbed both a pair of shorts and socks from my drawer, Mike rolled over and went back to sleep. It was a pleasantly cool summer’s morning and I felt rejuvenated by both the comfortable weather and the brief chat with my big brother. Our bedroom could almost be described as “chilly.” And because Mike didn’t go out last night—a rare night off for him—it was absent, too, the stale pub fragrance that I’ve grown so accustomed to in the summer of ‘78. 

19
“Before you say a single word,” I shouted down to Richie, who was standing on the sidewalk at the base of his stoop, “I’m not going up to see Red today…or any other day for that matter.”
“No ‘Good morning, Richie, how are you on this lovely summer’s morning?’”
“Give it rest, Richie, okay? I don’t understand why all of this couldn’t wait. You just had to call me on the telephone at the crack of dawn…when everyone in my house was asleep.”
“Bean, if you ask me, you’re the one with the morning sickness here—not me. You’ve got the weight of the world on your shoulders and the day’s barely begun. Did you remember to put your diaper on, because you’re soiling your shorts before you’ve even had your breakfast?”
“Now what’s that supposed to mean?”
“I mean that I haven’t said a thing and you come at me all bent out of shape.”
“Maybe that’s because I know you too well, Richie. Haven’t we gotten into enough hot water the last couple of days?”
“So, let me get this straight. What you’re telling me is that you plan on ignoring the Cream Sam Man for the rest of your life. In case you haven’t noticed, Bean, he passes by here—at least four or five times every single day. What do you plan on doing? Are you going to run and hide every time you see him heading your way? Do you mean to tell me that you’re never, ever again going to walk up the block for fear of bumping into him?”
“No…that’s a whole other kettle of fish. I just said that I’m not going up to the Kern place anymore—period and end of story. Can’t you get that through your Sicilian pizza brain? I don’t think fat Peter would hesitate for a second in wringing our necks if he got the chance. The guy’s a madman with a capital M! And old Red just might have had something to do with a murder, Richie…a murder.”
“Bean, you’re always going on about being a big writer someday. How many times have I heard you say how interesting and mysterious you find Red and the Kern family…and how you would just love to know more about them?”
“Yeah, so…what’s your point?”
“My point, Mr. Writer Man, is that this is your chance to really learn more about Red and his kin. Would you actually pass up this opportunity of a lifetime to talk with one of your all-time favorite neighborhood characters…when he’s possibly got a real story to tell you? I can’t believe you would even consider—for a moment—letting this chance pass you by.”
“This isn’t about writing stories, Richie; it’s about being smart. And we’ve been pretty dumb lately. If the Kerns had anything to do with that kid’s murder, then we’d be wise to stay away—far, far away.”
“There’s no danger in talking with Red in the open air. Bean, we live in the Bronx, not on some ranch out in the badlands, where the nearest neighbor is twenty miles away.”
“Is that so, Richie? Being outdoors in the bright light of day really came in handy on Thursday afternoon. Fat Peter was positively restrained knowing the whole world was watching, and that there were hundreds of neighbors within earshot.”
“We’re talking about our friend Red here, not Porky Pig.”
“Yeah, yeah, okay, okay—so what did he actually say to you?”
“He said that he needed to speak with us.”
“What could he possibly need to tell us? Nothing…that’s what!”
“How do you know that, Bean? He doesn’t have any real friends. We’re probably the closest things to friends that the poor guy has.”
“So, what exactly are you saying, Richie? You think he wants to get something off his chest, or maybe confess to us?”
“Possibly…I don’t know.”
“Just so you know, Richie: Before I came downstairs, I spoke with my brother Mike. He told me not to go up to Red’s under any circumstances—and I promised him that I wouldn’t.”
“Since when is Big Brother giving you orders?”
“But Mike said that if I decided to go up there—and that’s a big if—to at least tell him first, and that he would tag along with us.”
“Yeah, right, that’ll happen.”
“Why not? I might consider going up there if Mike came with us—but only if Mike came with us.”
“What’s with you needing your big brother’s protection all of a sudden?”
“I’d just feel better having him along.”
“Oh, right, having the lifeguard around could save us from one of those treacherous rip currents in Red’s concrete driveway.”
“Metaphorically speaking…yeah…my big brother could do that for us, Richie.”
“What’s that supposed to mean…metaphorically speaking? Bean, you’re really ridiculous sometimes, you know that?”
“Say Mighty Mike had been with us the other day. I guarantee that you wouldn’t have run into the Kern’s backyard, which is what started all of this crap.”
“Are you serious? You think I’m afraid of your brother, Bean?”
“I didn’t say that. I’m just saying that Mike’s more mature—older. He thinks things through before he acts…unlike you.”
“Yeah, your big brother’s real mature—give me a break. Come on…the guy’s a barfly. If that’s your definition of mature, then okay, he’s mature.”
“Big deal, he goes out drinking with his friends. What about T. Sauce—he’s with Mike half the time?”
“The same applies to him. I don’t consider him Victor Mature either.”
“Richie, what do you think you’ll be doing in a couple of summers…when you’re eighteen?”
“I’m looking forward to finding out, Bean! I’m not saying there is anything wrong with hanging out at the Pinewood—on the contrary. You’ve totally misunderstood my point. I just think that putting Mike up on a pedestal like you do is laughable. He doesn’t merit being there.”
“Screw you, Richie! I really don’t care what you think about my brother. You couldn’t shine his shoes on your best day.”
“Now that wasn’t very nice, Bean,” Richie said.
“Yeah, well, too bad. All you do these days is put people down—and your friends most of all.”
“Bean, let’s just drop it. Besides, you know Red would never go for having Mike around. He’s a paranoid bugger. He’s not going to bare his soul to your brother. So, really, having Mike come along would be pointless…or, as you like to say, ‘an exercise in futility.’”
“I don’t know, Richie. Let’s talk more about this some other time. I’ve got to work today. I start at ten. How about you?”
“I go in at eleven and get off at seven.”
“Long day for you then. No time for the meeting of minds in the Kern’s driveway.”
“Oh, is that right? Yeah, well, you think things over while scraping algae off of fish tanks and changing cat pans.”
“Yeah, I’ll do that,” I said. “You might want to think things over, too, while you’re unpacking the hot apple pies and prepping the milk shake machine. McDonald’s—home of the only milk shakes made with no ice cream and no milk.”
“I’ll see you later then.”
“No hot Saturday night date for you? I thought you were casting a wide net last night over your myriad lady friends. But there is no joy in Mudville—mighty Casey has struck out.”
“Bean, why don’t you go over to Benjy’s place after work and give him a bubble bath and massage his wounds. Fulfill your fantasy.”
“Bye-bye, Richie! You obviously can’t take a joke. You can dish it out, man, but you sure can’t take it.”
“Very original comeback, Bean. I’ll have to remember that one.”

20
Beginning at ten o’clock on the button through mid-afternoon, I cleaned fish tanks, birdcages, and the pens of a diverse menagerie of animals. The kittens in the shop’s front window were especially captivating, and I briefly considered making a down payment on one. I couldn’t have pulled it off, though, because a pet so high up on the evolutionary scale is not allowed past the Casale front door. For the time being, I’ll have to content myself with the memories of past pets: hamsters and turtles. With respect to the former, I had—unbeknownst to me when I purchased them—a male and a female. And boy, did they ever make little hamsters—lots of them in fact. I eventually had to give them away—not sell them—to the pet shop where, coincidentally, I now work. Big brother Mike used to joke that the reproductive habits of my hamsters served as the only in-house “facts of life” lessons that I’d ever get. Really, sometimes it seems that our folks are more intent on us not knowing certain things than in knowing them.
When I left work a few minutes after three o’clock, I had a box of Hartz Mountain parakeet seed and a banjo-shaped, beaded bird toy in my hand. It was for my sister’s greenish-blue parakeet named “Donny O.” Terry named her pet bird after singer Donny Osmond, with whom she is nauseatingly infatuated. Donny O serves as the sole Casale pet on the premises right now. 
I hadn’t eaten any lunch, so I walked over to Sam’s Pizza, a block away on the same W231st Street thoroughfare as my employer. With the sole exception of my mother, a man named George, Sam’s proprietor, has supplied me with more lunches and dinners than anybody else on the planet—and incredibly mouth-watering ones at that. One doesn’t find the Sam’s Pizza taste anyplace other than in Kingsbridge. It’s totally unique and the mark of an exceptional pizza. There are a lot of cookie-cutter pizza parlors in New York City, but Sam’s isn’t one of them.
As I sprinted home with two slices smothered in thick pepperoni—in an increasingly grease-saturated paper bag—the wafting pizza aroma was even more entrancing than usual. Anticipating the delicious payoff, my stomach noisily and unrelentingly growled as I closed in on the old homestead.
When I turned the corner at W232nd Street onto Tibbett Avenue, all was quiet on the neighborhood front. Precious little was happening on this Saturday afternoon, even though it could accurately be described as a “picture perfect summer’s day.” After charging up my stoop’s six steps, I pulled open the screen door and inserted a key into the front door’s lock. I could practically taste the pizza on my palate. 
Before I could push my way into the front hall, though, I was startled at what my peripheral vision caught in its lens. Red Kern had spotted me and was frantically peddling down the block on his bicycle—the one without a seat that he had found in the trash somewhere a couple of years ago. Since the distance that separated us was minimal, I couldn’t even pretend that I didn’t see him—a timeworn practice employed by young and old alike. Red waved over to me—more of a hold up kind of gesture. He wanted a word, and I was poised to give it to him.
While desperately wanting to leap inside my front hall—I was that close—I just couldn’t bring myself to do it. I was rendered immobile by a paralyzing jumble of emotions. 
“Hi there, Bean,” Red shouted out as he briskly peddled over to me.
“Hey, Red. What’s going on?” I asked as if everything was the way it always was. It was a noble attempt on my part to appear nonchalant.
“Did your friend Richie tell you that I saw him last night?”
“Yeah, Red, he did.”
“Did he tell you what I said?”
“Yeah, Red, he did.”
“So, do you think, then, that you guys can come around tonight…with Johnny, too?”
“Well, I really don’t know. I’m not sure if we’re all going to be available. A lot of stuff is happening right now.”
“Well…try and make it—please. I have something I need to tell you guys. It’s really important and it can’t wait. I don’t have much time.”
“I don’t understand. You don’t have much time for what?”
“Will you stop by?”
“Red, man, what’s this all about? I can’t commit to anything right now. I just can’t.”
“I can’t tell you here. It’s got to be tonight at my place.”
“Why tonight?”
“It just has to be, okay?”
“Can you at least tell me if this has something to do with the police and the case they’re investigating?”
“Come by tonight, Bean, and I’ll tell you all about it. I’ve always liked and trusted you. You’re a good kid…and I really need your help…please.”
“Red, you do know what happened with your brother Peter a couple of days ago?”
“Yeah, the cops told me all about that…and I’m really sorry. Peter has a bit of a temper. He sometimes does things that he regrets later on…like what he did to you guys. He doesn’t mean any harm though.”
“He doesn’t mean any harm?”
“I know, Bean…he can play a little rough.”
“He plays more than a little rough. He put my friend Benjy in the hospital! I hope you can understand why I just can’t take the chance of anything like that happening again. My parents are really on me. They don’t want me hanging around your place anymore. It’s because of what fat…what Peter did…and has nothing to do with you.”
“Peter’s not around, so you don’t have to worry about him.”
“There’s this whole police thing, too, and all these stories floating around,” I said, getting more and more intertwined with Red’s plaintive plea than I had ever intended.
“I know you’re thinking that I had something to do with that, but I didn’t. I could never do anything like that…to anyone. Bean, you’ve known me a long time...”
“I believe you, Red, but that happened twenty-five years ago when you were a kid. Maybe you just did something that you didn’t really mean to do…and it was accident.”
“I didn’t do anything! Robby Bonner was my friend…my best friend in the world.”
“Robby Bonner? Was that the boy’s name?” I asked, despite remembering it from Johnny B’s old newspaper clipping.
“Yeah…and he was my best friend, Bean. The best friend I’ve ever had in this miserable life of mine.”
“I believe you, Red…I really do…that you had nothing to do with that.”
“Do you really, Bean?”
“Yeah, I really do.”
“You don’t know how good that makes me feel right now…to be believed and to have a friend like you. You’re the best friend I have in the world right now…for sure…and I need your help. Please…”
“Well, okay, Red,” I said, getting increasingly anxious with this give-and-take of ours, and not especially comfortable at having been christened the man’s best friend in the world.
“So, will you come around tonight? I really need to see you guys.”
“What if we can’t all make it? We might not be able to.”
“Then you come alone, Bean…just you…it doesn’t matter.”
“Can’t all of this wait until tomorrow, or maybe Monday?”
“Like I told you, I don’t have much time. It has to be tonight.”
“I’ll see what I can do, Red,” I said, further melting under the pressure with each back and forth between us. 
Red’s pleas came across as at once manic and compellingly sincere. And, admittedly, a part of me wanted to know what he had to tell us. Perhaps Richie was on to something when he said that I couldn’t pass up an opportunity like this. My intensely curious nature was fiercely waging battle with a depressing reality snapshot. But it was the overwhelming compassion I felt for Red, as he stood on the sidewalk below me astride his seat-less bicycle, which tipped the scales in his favor.
“Promise me you’ll come by tonight sometime, Bean.”
“I don’t know, Red.”
“Promise me,” Red said in a gently pleading tone that caused me to throw all caution to the wind.
“I promise…but on one condition. My brother Mike will be with me.”
“Your brother? Why does he have to come with you? I don’t understand.”
“He just does, okay? You can trust him, Red.”
“No, it’s got to be just you guys or you alone.”
“My brother Mike is completely trustworthy. He’s just looking out for me these days, okay?”
“No!”
“All right, Red, then it’s no deal. I’m sorry. I come with Mike…or not at all.”
“Wait a minute…wait a minute…you say he can be trusted?”
“There isn’t anybody I trust more than my brother.”
“I don’t know.”
“Sorry, Red…Mike’s got to be with me.”
“Okay then…but…”
“But what?”
“No…okay…I’ll see you tonight,” Red said. 
“Yeah, tonight…and don’t worry, Red. We’ll do what we can for you.”
“Thanks an awful lot, Bean.”
“Oh, by the way, how are fixed with food and stuff back at the house? With things a bit messed up for you now…you know…with all that’s happened the last couple of days…I figured you might need some groceries or something. If there’s anything you want, just let me know. I could bring it up to you.”
“Bean, that’s really kind of you. I really could use a loaf a bread and some ham or roast beef…but only if you have the time. Don’t put yourself out on my account. And I’ll pay you back as soon as things get back to normal around here.”
“No problem, Red, I’ll get those things for you this afternoon. Have you eaten anything at all since yesterday?”
“Some scraps that were in the house. I haven’t had the chance, really—as you said—to do any shopping with all that’s been going on.”
“You like pizza?”
“Yeah, sure I do. Who doesn’t?”
“Well, here’s a couple of slices for you.” 
I trotted down my stoop’s steps and handed him the greasy bag.
“But this is your lunch, isn’t it?”
“Don’t worry about it. I’ll find something else to eat in the house.”
“Thanks, Bean. I don’t know what else to say.”
“I hope you like pepperoni.”
“I love pepperoni.”
“Good, because it’s Sam’s pepperoni—the best. He slices it real thick.”
“It’ll hit the spot for sure.”
“I’ll tell you what: I’ll drop off the bread and the cold cuts by your garage door in a little while. But you must be famished by now, so go home and eat the pizza while it’s still warm.”
“Okay, Bean, I’ll do that.”
“And don’t forget to look for the bag by the garage…in say…an hour or so.”
“I will.”
“And then we’ll see you tonight, okay?”
“Thanks again…for everything.”
“Happy to lend a helping hand,” I said, although I wasn’t quite certain that I truly meant it.
I watched Red peddle away. He stood erect and held the handlebars of his bicycle with one hand and an extremely greasy-looking paper bag with the other. It was an odd spectacle. I wondered, too, if anybody in my house had been privy to this encounter. Mrs. Malzone, who rents the ground floor apartment, is away. But somebody—either on the first or second floor—could have witnessed our conversation. Secrets on front stoops are pretty rare, especially in the summertime. And this is one secret I’d rather the Casale family—with the notable exception of Mike—didn’t know about.

21
I entered my apartment to the sounds of silence—no baseball game on the television and no couch-potato father plopped in front of it, which is normally where he is on a Saturday afternoon in summertime. Nobody was home. I couldn’t believe my luck. By the looks of things, I wouldn’t have to explain to a living soul what had just transpired outside. To the judge, jury, and executioner-set within my family, simply speaking with Red would be considered a misdemeanor crime on my part, but handing over my lunch to him would put my sanity on trial. Now, if only my grandmother and Uncle Paul downstairs missed the stoop show, I just might be home free, and not have to cook up an alternative account of what was said between Red and me. 
Food, though, was on my immediate agenda. I ravenously rummaged through the kitchen cupboards for something to eat. I found a fresh loaf of Italian bread from Shelvyn’s Bakery, cut off a huge slab of it, and smothered it with Skippy peanut butter. Courtesy of the bread’s rather distinctive shape and crispy brown crust, it is affectionately known in Casale family circles as the “crown loaf.” By the time I got through with it, its crown-like contours were indecipherable. I had eaten at least three-quarters of the loaf. The bread that my father had bought this morning with tonight’s supper in mind was a mere shadow of its former self. And tampering with Dad’s meals is considered a criminal offense around here. So, I added another item—a second loaf of bread—to my late afternoon shopping list, which somehow had become a work in progress.
Before I could leave the house and begin my shopping spree, little sister Terry turned up. God, had she seen me gabbing with Red outside, the whole world would soon know about it, and she’d make certain that every “I” was dotted and every “T” crossed, too. As blabbermouths go, she is remarkably thorough.
“Where are Mom and Dad?” I asked.
“They went to Cross County after lunch.”
“Dad drove to Cross County on a Saturday. What’s come over him?”
“There’s a big sale going on at Gimbel’s. Mom just kept badgering him.”
The Cross County Shopping Center is in Yonkers, a fifteen-minute or so car ride north on I-87, the Major Deegan Expressway. As the first outdoor shopping mall of its kind to open up in these parts, it is a somewhat historic place, too. There are some pretty good stores there, including Woolworth’s—two of them in fact. One has the neatest pet department, which is where Donny O, as well those two fertile hamsters from my past, came from. Mike occasionally takes me up to Sam Goody’s to buy records and cassette tapes. It’s got a much larger selection than our two local music stores. My dad even enjoys browsing around the mall’s more manly shops, like William Tell Hardware, which is not too far from Gimbel’s. I’d bet dollars for donuts that he headed over there just as soon as he dropped off my bargain-crazed mom.
“So, what have you been up to, Terry?” 
“That’s none of your business!”
“Fine by me, brat-face! Oh, by the way, I brought home Donny O’s food and a toy for him. I put it in your room.”
“Oh, thanks for remembering, Matt. You’re the best.”
“I’m going out to run a few errands. I’ll see you later.”
“What kinds of errands?” 
“That’s none of your business!” I said with relish. Terry stuck her twelve-year-old tongue out at me.
As I returned to W231st Street to procure Red his cold cuts and a bag of sliced bread—as well as that replacement bakery loaf for my father—I couldn’t help but mull over the predicament I had gotten myself into. For starters, I hoped and prayed that Mike would be coming home after his lifeguard shift before haunting the neighborhood watering holes. Letting a Saturday evening pass him by would be downright sacrilege. I’m banking on him following his usual Saturday routine, which includes eating his supper at the house—long after the rest of us—and showering before he heads out, raring and ready to go, into the night. Mike’s Saturday night fun typically starts a lot later than on weekdays and, logically, ends a lot later, too.
I found myself walking past area stores, including Value Hosiery, a favorite of my mother’s, the pet shop, and the Riverdale Art store, where I used to buy oak tag for grammar school projects. Continuing up the incline that is W231st Street between Corlear Avenue and Kingsbridge Avenue, I paused in front of Pat Mitchell’s Irish Food Center—aka “Pat’s” or “Mitchell’s”—where generations of local teens have found employment. My father took a job there as a teenager, and so did Richie, a quarter of a century later. Until very recently, Pat’s stocked an incredibly varied selection of penny candies on the store’s countertop. One could get everything from Swell bubblegum pieces to Jolly Rancher watermelon-flavored hard candies to flying saucer wafers that tasted exactly like the host I receive at Holy Communion during Sunday Mass. High inflation, I guess, has cast asunder penny candies for all-time. Richie told me that his father blames Jimmy Carter for their demise.
I gave serious consideration to purchasing the cold cuts and bag of sliced bread in there, but the place is awfully grungy. Despite it being a neighborhood institution that I frequently patronize, the notion of sandwich meats from Pat’s somehow turned my stomach, particularly when there were other more appetizing options close by. So, even though I wasn’t the one who would be eating the ham and roast beef, I passed.
Crossing the intersection of Kingsbridge Avenue, I walked by Twin Donut, where the mice frolic with abandon after lights out, and then Bill’s Friendly Spot, maker of the area’s most delicious egg cream. Johnny B and I often sit at the fountain counter in there and enjoy both egg creams and pretzel rods—a gastronomic match made in heaven. The place also serves up a pretty tasty vanilla soda and cherry coke, too. Richie doesn’t patronize Bill’s anymore. He had a falling out with the candy store owner’s son a while back over—of all things—a defective spaldeen. Heading farther east down W231st Street, I passed by Roma’s, the barbershop where I get my “layer-cut” haircuts, and waved to owner Tony inside. Near the foot of the city steps that lead up to a street called Naples Terrace, I crossed to the southern side of W231st Street, which put me in front of Ehring’s Tavern, the venerable neighborhood bar and restaurant where my parents celebrate their wedding anniversary every year. My dad just loves their Sauerbraten.
I had a gut-wrenching decision to make now: the Bronxdale Delicatessen—aka the “German deli”—or Cold Cut City run by the “Italian boys.” One conducted business to the east of Ehring’s and the other to its west. Taking Horace Greeley’s advice to “Go West, young man” on this afternoon, Cold Cut City, next-door neighbor of Sam’s Pizza, is where I purchased a half-pound of ham, a half-pound of roast beef, and a loaf of Wonder Bread. I threw in a bag of Wise potato chips, box of Devil Dogs, quart of milk, and a bottle of Pepsi, too. 
My day’s earnings were dwindling fast as I crossed over to the other side of street—from whence I came—and called on Shelvyn’s Bakery for the fresh Italian bread. There were no more crown loafs available at this late hour, so I substituted with a more humdrum-looking slab of bread. This bakery legerdemain of mine would be no big deal for most people, but most people aren’t my father, a creature of habit and exacting routine. The crown loaf’s premature demise and its stand-in will not go unnoticed.
As I stepped out of Shelvyn’s, a southbound Number 1 train screeched to a halt at the elevated W231st Station several yards away. This Broadway stop is where countless men and women from the neighborhood begin and end their workdays, including my dad. With my circuitous errand run complete, I walked north along Broadway and under the El to W234th Street, passing by the old Marble Hill RKO theater, now a bingo parlor, and the IHOP restaurant, which was doing a booming Saturday afternoon business. Across busy Broadway, several mourners had stepped outside of Williams Funeral Home for a smoking breather. This selected route of mine enabled me to reach my destination without first passing by my house. I could therefore drop off Red’s grocery bag and be free of the incriminating evidence when I returned home. 
My heart raced as I approached the Kern’s front gate. It was the first time I’d been on that sliver of sidewalk, and so near the house, since the Peter incident. I noticed a pile of mail, which had been rained on, just inside the gate. What am I doing here? This is crazy…getting myself more and more involved with these people. It’s the exact opposite of what I intended on doing when this day started.
I glanced down the driveway and was genuinely relieved to see that Red wasn’t standing outside or puttering around in the interior of his garage. His garage door was shut tight. I hurried down the driveway, placed the groceries flush against the door, and scampered away. I sure hope he picks up the groceries soon, I thought, because the milk—for one—will sour pretty quickly on a summer’s day. I wouldn’t want sliced ham and roast beef sitting around for too long in the elements either. And if they got the chance, the neighborhood’s considerable stray cat population wouldn’t hesitate for a moment in helping themselves to a Thanksgiving-caliber feast with roast beef and ham instead of turkey.

22
Homeward bound after making a clean getaway, I passed by the Bauer place and found Johnny B sitting on his front porch and listening to the Yankees on a tiny transistor radio. I could hear announcer Phil Rizzuto’s animated tenor from my sidewalk location.
“You home from work already, Bean?” Johnny B called down to me.
“No, Johnny B, I’m still at the pet shop and cleaning canary cages. What you see before you is a mirage,” I said.
“Bean, you sound like Richie.”
“Sorry…I couldn’t resist.”
“Care to sit for a bit?”
“Just for a sec.” 
I scurried up the steps that lead to his front door and the porch just off to its right, and sat down on a metal outdoors chair—part of a set that surrounds a large metal table. During the warm months of summer, the Bauers frequently eat their suppers on the front porch. 
“I’m listening to the Yankees.”
“What’s the score?” I asked.
“Three-two—Yanks.”
“I’ve got some breaking news to report…”
“Why did I just know there would be some?”
“You’re the Amazing Kreskin, Johnny B, that’s why! There can be no other explanation.” 
“Okay, Bean, lay it on me.”
“Richie ran into Red last night when he was coming home…in his driveway.”
“He’s out of the pokey! Oh, God, that’s not good…that’s not good at all.”
“He sure is…out of the pokey.”
“What about Peter?”
“I don’t think so, but I can’t be certain that he’s still in the pokey.”
“Well…what did he say?”
“He said he wants to talk with us—the three of us—and that he really needs to tell us something.”
“I hope Richie told him: ‘No way, Josė!’”
“Sorry, Johnny B—not quite. And I just saw him, too, a little while ago, when I was coming home from work. He was on his bicycle and rode over to me. I had the key in my front door and was this close to being inside,” I said while pressing my index finger and thumb close together.
“You’re kidding me, Bean! Please tell me this is a bad joke.”
“I kid you not, Johnny B. I wish I could say otherwise. He told me the very same thing. He had to see us—or me alone if you guys couldn’t make it.”
“You didn’t tell him you would meet with him?”
“He sounded so desperate. I just couldn’t bring myself to say no.”
“Bean, sometimes I think you’re nuttier than Richie.”
“That was a low blow, Johnny B…a really low blow,” I said.
“Well, count me out. I’m not going anywhere near that place…or that ticking time bomb ever again.”
“I’m going to ask my brother Mike to come along with me. He said he would…if it ever came to this.”
“Mike? Why? For protection?”
“Mike’s a lifeguard, Johnny B, not a bodyguard. I would just feel better with him there—that’s all.”
“Red’s always been kind of weird when it comes to people he doesn’t know turning up at his place. Bean, he might just clam up on you with Mike around.”
“Well, I’ll just have to take my chances. I told him that I would only show up if Mike came along. It had to be that way or no dice…and he agreed.”
“I don’t know, Bean…even with Mike there…it doesn’t sound like a good idea to me. Is Richie in on this plan?”
“He’s working until seven tonight. But I expect he’ll be coming along. He was sure campaigning for this powwow this morning. But I’ll go without him if I have to. I just hope Mike comes home first after his lifeguard shift. He usually does on Saturdays, but I can never be one hundred percent sure with him.”
“Bean, don’t even think of going up there by yourself. Don’t even think about it! I know you’re big on keeping your promises and all, but that would be crazy…really and truly crazy.”
“It’s not going to come to that…I hope.”
“What could he really have to say that’s so important anyway?”
“I don’t know. But he was so insistent that it had to be tonight…and that he couldn’t even wait until tomorrow.”
“This is heavy-duty stuff, Bean.”
“It’s been a heavy-duty stuff few days.”
“I just don’t understand you sometimes. Really, Bean, how could you go back there after what’s happened and all that we learned from Detective Suarez?”
“What did we really learn?”
“That Red and Peter killed a kid.”
“That’s what some anonymous person claimed. It’s hardly proof.”
“They found a body in Vanny—that’s proof.”
“That doesn’t mean Red had anything to do with it…or even fat Peter.”
“You’re sure singing a different tune from yesterday.”
“I’m singing off the same song sheet, Johnny B, believe me. I’d rather not be going up there tonight. I think it’s crazy, too…in a way.”
“Then why are you doing it?”
“Because I promised Red I would.”
“But why’d you promise him in the first place?”
“I don’t know. He’s obviously in a bad way and needs to talk with somebody right now. He doesn’t have anyone else to turn to…but us. Anyway, I just dropped off some cold cuts and bread by his garage door…and I gave him my lunch—a couple of slices of pizza—before. I don’t think he’d eaten much since yesterday.”
“You gave him your pizza and bought food for him! Bean, have you completely lost your marbles?”
“Maybe I have, Johnny B, maybe I have. Well…I really should get going. My dad’s probably apoplectic right now because I devoured our supper’s daily bread.”
“You and your vocabulary test words—apoplectic.”
“I can’t think of a better one.”
“You went to Shelvyn’s, too?” Johnny B said, pointing to the waxy bakery bag in my hand.
“It’s the replacement loaf for the one I massacred after I donated my pizza to a good cause.”
“Bean, I really wish you wouldn’t do this. Just drop it. You don’t owe Red anything.”
“Don’t sweat it, Johnny B, everything will be all right—trust me. And I’ll see you later.”
“Yeah…okay…I’ll see you later.”
“Come on, Johnny B, cheer up…your Yankees just blew the game wide-open.”
While painting the word picture for radio listeners, Rizzuto was positively euphoric as his favorite team in the world scored three more runs. This familiar voice of Bronx summers cried “Holy Cow!” more than once during the rally. Johnny B, though, was so distressed by what he was hearing from me that he completely tuned out the excitable “Scooter” and his beloved Yankees. 
“I’ll try, Bean…but it’s not going to be easy.”
“Three in a row for the Mets. They trounced the Braves yesterday twelve to three at the Big Shea. Maybe there’s a glimmer of hope for us after all.”
“Keep dreaming, Bean…keep dreaming. You’ll be a Yankees fan before you know it.”
“I’d die first, Johnny B.”
“Knowing you, Bean, you would.”
“Would what?”
“Rather die than become a Yankees fan.”
“I’ll never be a Yankee Bean. You can take that to the bank. Later, man,” I said. 
I left Johnny B sitting alone with the normally soothing summer sounds of baseball emanating from his little radio. 
“If I don’t see you tonight…then I’ll see you tomorrow. Be careful, Bean, okay?” Johnny B shouted down to me as I reached the front sidewalk.
“You know I will. Hey, Johnny B, stop worrying! You worry too much!”
I was prophetic concerning the home front. The “Crown Loaf Affair” had the place in a whirl. My mother was cooking a pot of beef stew and only that particular loaf of bread transformed it into roast beef at the Ritz. Compelled to explain myself to both Mom and Dad, I plead guilty but with the extenuating circumstance that I was out of my mind from hunger. My substitute loaf passed muster and went a long way toward assuaging any lingering ill will. All was not lost. Our supper was salvaged, even without the perfect loaf of bread.

23
As usual, Mom had made a heaping helping of beef stew, so there was plenty leftover for Mike, whom I was counting on coming home real soon. After finishing my repast, I sat outside on the front stoop and impatiently awaited his return—and Richie’s, too, for that matter. Outdoors was definitely the place to be on this refreshing evening. It would be standing room only—capacity crowds—on the neighborhood stoops tonight. My precarious state of mind, though, didn’t permit me in the least to relish this rare summertime gift from Mother Nature.
When Mike’s old heap—a sky blue Plymouth Duster—pulled into the driveway and slowly navigated its way down the narrow alleyway that leads to our backyard, I felt the weight of the world on my shoulders dissipate. Knowing my brother was putting his car to bed for the night left me curiously emboldened. If there were going to be any Saturday evening escapades for him, they would be accomplished on foot. Living in a city neighborhood like ours comes with great perks like this. Just about everything we need is within walking distance. The number of saloons within a mile radius of where I sat easily surpassed fifty. I’ll have to do an official count one of these days, but there really are an awful lot of them around here. There’s a thriving market for that sort of thing in Kingsbridge and its big-drinking neighbors, too: Riverdale, Marble Hill, and Manhattan’s Inwood, which is just across the Broadway Bridge at W225th Street. While Mike’s preferred hangout is the Pinewood, he’s been known to frequent others, including Keenan’s, the Green Alligator, the Liffy, the Punch Bowl, and Off-Broadway, a couple of storefronts up from the Man-Lady’s Wheel.
I followed the Duster down the alley. I figured I would grab hold of Mike out back, where there is a little more privacy and fewer prying eyes and ears. Sparing him the trouble of turning off the ignition and getting out of the car, I used the garage door key on my key ring. After pulling up the door, I watched as Mike gently pulled his beloved set of wheels inside the garage.
“What’s going on, Bean?” Mike asked upon exiting the garage.
“I just wanted to let you know that I ran into my old friend Red this afternoon.”
“Okay, I’m listening.”
“Mike, do you remember this morning when you said that you’d come with me…you know…if I decided to go up to Red’s place?”
“Yeah, I remember…and you said you had no intention of going up there.”
“I know…I said that…”
“But something happened to make you change your mind,” Mike said with a genial, patient expression on his face. He then dragged down the garage door to an earsplitting crescendo.
“That’s right.”
“Is Richie Ragusa the something that happened?”
“No, I haven’t seen him since we spoke this morning. He’s been at work all day.”
“Okay, Bean, spit it out.”
Leaving no stone unturned, I furnished Mike with all the pertinent details of my afternoon encounter. He heard about everything from Red’s desperate pleading to the pepperoni pizza transfer, which simultaneously amused and impressed him.
“So, Mike, you can sort of understand why I couldn’t say no,” I said in something of a closing summation. I felt as if I had been arguing a legal case on my behalf—on why going up to the Kern house after all that has happened was perfectly logical and linear. The prosecution’s case would say that I did something really stupid, even irrational, by agreeing to meet with Red. I was counting on Mike siding with the defense on this one.
“You couldn’t say no, Bean? Well, I wouldn’t go that far. But I know you, you’re a soft touch—always were. Hey, if you gave the guy your pizza after skipping lunch…well, that’s good enough for me. I’ll accompany you tonight.”
“Thanks, Mike!” I said with epic relief that I tried desperately to mask. 
“And you’d have gone up there without me, I suppose?”
“I told Red that you were coming up with me—that was my one condition—or I wasn’t showing up.”
“Yeah, but what if I didn’t come home until later tonight—you’d have gone up there alone. I know you, Bean Pole.”
“With Richie, maybe, but I don’t think alone. It’s hard to say.”
“Mom and Dad know nothing about any of this?”
“Nothing at all. I was kind of lucky, too, because Red and I had our little chat in front of the house. Mike, I had the key in the front door...”
“How did Uncle Paul miss all this action? He’s got special antennae for these sorts of things.”
“I don’t know. I haven’t seen him all day. Even Uncle Paul goes out on occasion, especially on nice days like today. Man, I’m just glad Terry wasn’t around. She’d have thrown me under the bus for sure.”
“You’ve bought her silence before.”
“Yeah, but her extortion rates have risen dramatically in these inflationary times.”
“Well, let’s just hope your luck and mine hold up a little longer.”
“Everything will work out in the end.”
“My little brother Bean…the eternal optimist…always looking on the bright side of things. But I wouldn’t be so sure about everything working out. We really don’t know what we’re getting into with this guy and that Wild Man from Borneo brother of his. What’s that line you always quote from Batman…about danger or something?”
“Without danger the game grows cold. Little is gained without risk.”
“Yeah, that’s it…apropos as you like to say. Okay, let me get something to eat…and then…”
“Beef stew, Mike.”
“I hope you scavengers saved me some of the crown loaf.”
“Have I got a story to tell you about that…”
“What time do you want to embark on our little adventure?”
“I don’t know. Anytime after dark, I guess.”
“Around nine?”
“That sounds good to me.”
“Johnny B doesn’t want to tag along?”
“No, and I don’t blame him.”
“Well, your buddy Richie ought to be getting home soon. And I bet he won’t like the idea of me going up there with you guys.”
“Why do you say that?”
“Because I know what kind of guy he is.”
“What kind is that?”
“The kind who wants to be in control of everything.”
“Yeah, Mike, he said a few things this morning when I told him that I would only go up there if you came along. But he’ll be okay with it.”
“Bean, let me tell you again. Richie’s got a big mouth. And if I hear that he’s saying any more things about you to his brother, I might just have to set him straight.”
“What’s he been saying about me?”
“Never mind that now.”
“No, Mike, tell me…”
“Keep your eyes peeled for your good buddy.”
“Mike…what?”
“Bean, some other time, okay?”
“Okay, Mike. But just think…before you paint the town red tonight, you’re going to see Red.”
Mike laughed, grabbed me in a playful hug, and tussled my mop of hair as we walked up the alleyway to the front of the house. 
“Hey, Bean, would you look who’s coming home from hamburger heaven?” Mike said upon reaching the front sidewalk. 
Richie was about halfway up the block, near the Bauer place. His eight-hour slog at McDonald’s was a fait accompli.
“You’re not going to stick around and talk with him, Mike?” I asked as my brother turned away and hurried up our front stoop’s steps.
“No, I’ll leave you two to hash out what you have to hash out. And besides, Richie brings out the Peter Kern in me.”
“The Peter Kern in you?”
“Yeah, I feel like punching him in the face sometimes.”
I laughed loudly and still had a serious case of the giggles as Richie approached. 
“You want to let me in on the big joke?” Richie asked.
“It’s nothing,” I said as I suppressed laughter that badly wanted to be heard.
“What’s so funny?”
“I’ve got some major news to report, Richie.” I hoped that the serious subject matter would take my mind off of laughing, which is what my entire body, above all else, desired doing.
“What is it?”
“I spoke with our good buddy Red this afternoon. He gave me the same spiel about having to see us tonight, and how it had to be tonight. So, I told him I’d come up.”
“I don’t believe it, Bean! This morning you were shaking in your purple PRO-Keds at the mere thought—and now you hit me with this.”
“Yeah, well, he seemed really desperate. I couldn’t bring myself to say no to him.”
“Sorry, man, but I can’t make it tonight.”
“You can’t make it tonight? What do you mean?”
“What is it that you didn’t understand, Baked Bean Brain?”
“You were all gung-ho this morning, telling me that I was passing up this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity as a writer and all…and now this. I don’t get it.”
“Well, I can’t make it. Maybe tomorrow some time…but not tonight.”
“But Red said this thing couldn’t wait until tomorrow.”
“What? Now you’re swallowing hook, line, and sinker everything this mush brain says.”
“I’m not buying everything he says, but I promised him that I’d show up tonight and hear him out.”
“Then show up and hear him out. What’s the big deal? You don’t need me around.”
“I really can’t believe it! All of sudden you’ve lost interest in this. What’s going on?”
“I haven’t lost interest. It’s just that there are more important things in my life right now…like a date tonight with Barbie Doll. I’m taking her to see Corvette Summer at the Dale.”
“Barbara Lee?”
“The one and only.”
“You’re going to see Corvette Summer. Wow, Richie, you’re quite a romantic. Can’t you put it off for a night?”
“Bean, you’re pathetic…you really are. Obviously, nobody’s had that little talk with you about the birds and bees…”
“Screw you, hotshot.”
“Let’s say the shoe was on the other foot and you had a hot date with Benjy-boy…”
“That does it,” I said, “I’ve had enough of that crap from you!”
“Calm down, Bean. It was just a joke.”
“Yeah, I’ll calm down! I’m sick and tired of you saying things about Benjy and me to T. Sauce, and God knows whom else, behind my back. Man, I thought you were my friend—and Benjy’s friend, too.”
“Bean, I have no idea what you are talking about?”
“Don’t play dumb with me, Richie! You know what I’m talking about! I’ll see you around, pal.” 
I turned away from him and trotted up my stoop’s six steps to the front door.
“Come on, Bean, take a chill pill.”
“You know where you can stuff your chill pills, old friend,” I said as I yanked open the screen door.
“You’re always making mountains out of molehills.”
“And what’s that supposed to mean?”
“Figure it out, genius writer of the future.”
“Yeah, right, I’ll do that.”
“I thought you had Victor Mature lined up to go up there with you? That’s what you were saying this morning.”
“Mike’s going with me.”
“He is?”
“Yeah, that’s right.”
“Well…retard…good luck then. Red’s going to go Marcel Marceau on you—mark my word.”
“I told him that it was no dice without Mike…and he agreed to those terms. So…no…he’s not going to go Marcel Marceau on us.”
“You told him that?”
“What’s so strange about me telling him that?”
“So, you expected me to go up there tonight with you and your big brother. And you wanted me to postpone my date for that! Yeah, right, Bean—break a leg.”
“Later, Richie,” I said. 
Hopping mad, I stepped inside my front hall. Between my old friend Richie’s behavior and the ongoing Kern soap opera that I’d gotten myself entangled in, my brain was reeling. A part of me wanted to punch Richie out—although he’d have slaughtered me in return—and another part of me wanted to collapse in a puddle of tears with what I felt was my old friend’s treachery. I’ve known him all my life.
I found Mike sitting at the kitchen table with both a hearty bowl of stew and the New York Post in front of him.
“You didn’t tell me about polishing off the crown loaf this afternoon,” Mike said with an impish grin on his face.
“I told you that I had a story to tell about it. Mike, man, it’s been that kind of day…”
“Will Richie be joining us?”
“No, he’s got a date.”
“No? I thought this was his baby.”
“I thought so, too.”
“Who’s the lucky girl?” Mike asked facetiously.
“Barbara Lee. She works with him at McDonald’s.”
“I know her brother Jimmy. Good guy. Maybe I should warn him about the company his little sister keeps.”
“That might bring out the Peter Kern in him,” I said.
“Come to think of it, Bean, we’re better off without that worm from next door.”
“Yeah…I guess you’re right, Mike.”

24
As I forecast, the stoop sitters were a ubiquitous lot when Mike and I stepped out into the night.
“Where are you guys off to?” my mother asked suspiciously.
“Taking a walk over to Carvel,” Mike said, “to get ourselves some ice cream.”
“Carvel? It better not be someplace else, Mike! Your brother is only sixteen—remember that!”
While Mom didn’t suspect us of calling on Red Kern, we were a Saturday night odd couple for sure. More than likely dancing in her head were nightmarish visions of Mike accompanying me on a whirlwind tour of the local bar scene. I can’t really fault her for finding it implausible that Mike would be hanging around with his younger brother, and going out for ice cream, on a mid-summer’s weekend. 
“Okay, Ma, you caught me red-handed. I was planning on getting young Matthew here totally wasted tonight and then hooking him up with a fallen woman at the Van Cortlandt Motel. You know: Matt’s rite of passage into manhood. I might even have him jump off the C Rock afterwards as the icing on the cake. You’ve got a problem with that, Mother dear?”
“That’s not funny, Mike. What are you guys up to?”
“We’re going to Carvel…really,” I said unconvincingly.
Not wanting to continue the conversation in earshot of a diverse roster of gossipy neighbors, Mom left it at that. It seemed that everybody who was anybody was seated on and around the Casale and the Ragusa stoops on this exceptionally pleasant summer’s evening, including several neighbors from up the block, an old married couple from Corlear Avenue, and a friend of my grandmother’s from the old country, who lives in Nathan Hale Towers, a big building on Irwin Avenue. My Uncle Paul says that this building altered the character of the neighborhood by bringing in more people in one fell swoop than existed—up to that point—in the entire area of mostly private homes.
Mike and I made awkward small talk with Mrs. Bertolini and the affable Mrs. Novello, whom we have nicknamed “Boobie,” because that’s what she always calls us. We eventually said our goodbyes and steered our way through the maze of beach chairs and bodies onto the front sidewalk. 
“Did the Red Meister say he would be waiting outside for us?” Mike asked upon our extrication from the stoop brigade.
“I just assumed he would be, Mike.”
“Because if he’s not there, what are we supposed to do? Ring his bell?”
“We could knock on the garage door, I guess.”
The sun had set and it was completely dark when we passed by the Bauer residence. Johnny B’s folks were sitting on the front porch, but neither Mike nor I acknowledged them. They appeared to us from the sidewalk as dim silhouettes, so it wasn’t necessary. Both sides could happily pretend the other wasn’t there.
“Where’s Johnny B tonight?” Mike said.
“He’s staying in. He was really freaked at the idea of me going up here.”
“No hot date for him on a Saturday night?”
“Not that I know of,” I said with an uneasy chuckle as we neared our destination.
“What’s the matter?” Mike asked when I abruptly came to a stop.
“I don’t know. I just feel a little queasy…that’s all…like I might have to toss my cookies.”
“Take it easy, little brother. Aren’t you the one always saying that everything will turn out all right?”
“Yeah, that’s me all right—Matt All Right.”
“Come on…let’s go.”
Mike draped his right arm around my shoulders and we walked several more feet, which put us at the apex of the driveway—X marked the spot—where an utterly unhinged Peter Kern had unexpectedly materialized a couple of days earlier. The garage door was wide-open and a light shined inside…but there was no sign of Red.
“You okay, Bean?”
“Yeah…I think so.”
“Okay then…summon your old buddy.”
“Hey there, Red,” I called out in a hushed but loud enough voice for him to hear if he was in the vicinity.
“Is that you, Bean?” Red replied from somewhere out of our view.
“Yeah, Red, and I’m here with my brother Mike…just like I said I would be.”
“Hi there, Red, it’s Mike Casale, Bean’s older brother.”
Red emerged from the recesses of the garage and motioned for us to come in. He was clad in his usual summer attire: an outdated short-sleeve dress shirt, high-water pants, and old, scuffed shoes. Mike and I exchanged exaggerated eye rolls before marching down the sloping driveway. We dodged a few clumsy lightning bugs, too, before reaching the garage’s interior, where Red’s super-spicy B.O. reigned supreme.
“So, Red, what’s this all about?” I asked.
Red said nothing in response.
“Red? What’s up, man?” 
“Come on now. Bean and I are here to help you. But we’ve got to know what’s troubling you?”
Red pointed at my big brother in an embarrassingly ham-fisted way.
“Bean, are you sure I can speak around him?” he asked.
“I told you before. I trust Mike more than anybody else in the world. Come on, Red, spit it out.”
“Okay…then.”
Red again went completely silent. He had a “deer caught in the headlights” expression on his face.
“Okay…what?” Mike asked.
“Yeah, Red, what’s the deal? Why did you want to talk with us? We can’t help you with your problem unless you tell us what it is.”
“Okay…”
“Red, man, tell us what’s going on,” I said.
“The cops are trying to pin a murder on us, okay?”
“By us, you mean you and your brother Peter?” Mike asked.
“Yeah, somebody’s been feeding them this fairytale…that we killed Robby Bonner and dumped his body in Van Cortlandt Park.”
“That somebody said that Peter had confessed the whole thing to her,” I said. 
“That’s just it, Bean—it’s not true. It couldn’t be true.”
“Have you spoken with Peter since he was arrested?” Mike asked.
“Uh…no…no, I haven’t.”
“You haven’t? Really, Red, are you telling us the truth?”
“Yeah…I am. I wouldn’t lie about that.”
“So, how can you be absolutely certain that he didn’t confess to the woman who called the police?”
“Why would he tell someone that we killed somebody that we didn’t?”
“I don’t know. She said he was really drunk at the time…”
“I know who did it!” Red interrupted.
“You know who killed the kid?” I said.
Red let loose a high-pitched wail, which further unsettled my innards, and covered his face with both of his hands. That nauseous feeling was back. Mike gently patted Red on the back and told him that everything was going to be all right. 
“How do you know who did this?” Mike asked in a muted, sympathetic tone. “I know…because I was there,” Red said in between sobbing moans.
“You witnessed it?” 
“Yeah, I did…and it was awful…awful…awful.”
“What did you see?”
Red didn’t respond to Mike’s last query. Despite it being a cool evening weather wise, Red’s heavily freckled face was an ocean of sweat droplets. His eyes were glazed over, too.
“What’s wrong, Mike?” I asked.
“Bean, get me some water.” 
Mike steadied Red and ushered him outside into the night air.
“Water, Mike…where?”
“Just look in the basement…will you…there’s got to be a sink in there someplace.”
“What am I supposed to put the water in?”
“Bean, just go inside and see what you can do, okay? Look around.” 
“Yeah…okay.”
I walked across the garage to a door presumably leading to the basement. I was poised to enter a room, other than an open garage, in the Kern house for the first time—and not looking forward to the experience. A part of me felt like bolting from the scene like a frightened cartoon character, but I quickly discarded this fantastic notion. My heart galloped as I softly pushed open the door. Residual light from the garage streamed in and illuminated parts of the room, which was otherwise pitch black. I couldn’t help but wonder how the unfolding drama all around me would be playing out with Richie, and not Mike, in the starring role. It was a scary thought.
“Bean, any luck back there?” Mike shouted from outside.
“It’s pretty dark in here, Mike. I’m trying to find a light switch.” 
“Hurry it up!”
While simultaneously holding open the door to the garage, I warily entered the basement. I felt around the wall closest to me for a light switch, but there was none to be found. When I walked to the other side of the room, the door slammed shut and left me in total darkness. I’ve heard stories of people whose entire lives flashed before their eyes in a matter of seconds. I was undergoing something similar, I think, only it wasn’t my entire life flashing before my eyes—all sixteen years of it—but Kern-themed bits and pieces. I saw both the hideous Mrs. Kern and the gruesome Peter. I was in their backyard of weeds again and getting bombarded with rocks and beer bottles. I relived Red’s meltdown from a couple of weeks ago. And this intense, condensed psychological trailer played from beginning to end as I groped around in the dark for a light switch. 
When my hands at last touched a switch of some kind on the wall, I paused and deeply inhaled. First, I couldn’t be certain that it was a light switch. And if it was, I couldn’t be sure that it would work. I didn’t even know if I wanted it to work. After all, I didn’t know what illumination might reveal. What if there were skeletons chained to the wall or something?
“Here goes nothing,” I said aloud. 
I flicked on the switch, which neither initiated a nuclear war nor blew the Kern house to smithereens. Instead, a solitary light bulb shined above me. It wasn’t particularly bright—a sixty-watt bulb, I’d say. I nevertheless promptly scanned the room. While I knew that Mrs. Kern was dead as a doornail, and that Peter was probably still in police custody, the fear of someone or something leaping out at me and doing me great harm was real. Fortunately, the coast looked clear.
I spied a wash machine, which had long ceased washing clothes, with a large sink beside it. An old furnace stood at the far end of the basement. I suppose it still worked; otherwise the house’s tenants would have frozen to death in recent cold winters. Strewn everywhere were box loads of Red’s street paraphernalia, including one full of games: everything from Rock ‘Em Sock ‘Em Robots. to Kerplunk to Chinese Checkers. There was also a hot plate and mini-refrigerator sitting on a countertop, which I approached. 
I reached for the refrigerator door, pulled it open, and was aggressively assaulted by the ghastliest of odors. Inside were the quart of milk, bottle of soda, and cold cuts I had purchased for Red earlier in the day. Regrettably, there were some other foods alongside them, including what once must have been chop meat from Ben’s Meat-o-Mat on W231st Street. It was a combination of nasty looking colors now, fluorescing in spots, and the leading odor culprit. I snatched the carton of milk from the refrigerator, slammed the door shut, and raced over to the sink to vomit. 
“Mike, I found a carton of milk,” I called out to him after throwing up undigested bits of potatoes and carrots from my beef stew supper.
“That will have to do.”
I hurried through the garage to the driveway, where Mike was tending to Red.
Mike held the milk carton up to his mouth.
“Here, Red, have a few swallows of this,” he said.
“There’s a sink inside, Mike, if you need any water. I just threw up in it.”
“What? Are you okay?”
“These horrible odors coming out of this little refrigerator in there pushed me over the puke line…but I’m fine now.”
Mike placed the quart of milk beside Red on the driveway wall. He then pulled off his shirt and handed it to me.
“Soak this in cold water, Bean, okay?”
“Will do.” 
I scurried back into the basement. When I reached the sink, I heard what sounded like footsteps in the stairwell leading from the basement to the first floor, which prompted me to perform an abrupt about-face and dash back outside without fulfilling my task.
“What’s wrong now?” Mike said.
“I think there’s somebody in the house.”
“Why do you say that?”
“I heard something in the stairwell—steps.”
“Are you sure, Bean?”
“It sure sounded that way to me,” I replied breathlessly.
“Is anybody else in the house?” Mike said slowly and loudly to Red, who seemed to be springing back to life after a few swallows of cold milk.
“No…nobody.”
“Peter’s not inside?”
“No, I told you…I haven’t spoken with him.”
“What do you think, Bean? Could it possibly have been something else you heard in there?”
“Maybe…yeah…I guess so,” I said, although I didn’t quite believe my own words.
“Come on, Bean, relax. Give me back my shirt and keep an eye on Red while I go inside.”
“Okay, Mike. Just be careful.”
“Of unseen, lurking bad men in the stairwell?”
“Yeah, but more importantly—open the little refrigerator in there at your own risk. The stench coming out of that thing is Heave-Ho City.”

25
Seated motionless on a concrete ledge approximately half way up his driveway—between a plastic Colonel Sanders hand puppet and an old Flexible Flyer sled—Red stared vacantly into the night. It was an evocative but disquieting image. When Mike returned with his shirt—now a sodden orb—he placed it against Red’s sweaty forehead. 
“Hold it against your head, okay? Can you do that for me, Red?”
“Sure, Mike, I can do that.” 
Red raised his right hand and assumed possession of the wet shirt. Mike and I then retreated a couple of yards into the garage’s interior.
“Was everything okay back there?” I asked.
“I didn’t hear any footsteps if that’s what you mean. I did see a mouse though.”
“You saw a mouse! Oh, God, if I had seen one back there…”
“What, Bean, you’d have yelled ‘eek’ and jumped on the countertop?”
“That and tossed my cookies again.”
“Could it have been a mouse that you heard in the stairwell?”
“Yeah…I suppose…if the mouse weighed two hundred pounds.”
“I had quite a time turning on the faucet in that old basement sink—and an even harder time shutting it off. Our friend Red needs a plumber.”
“Did you see my puke in the sink with the potatoes and carrots in it?”
“You know, Bean, you really know how to turn a phrase. Yeah, I saw it.”
“Did you wash it away?”
“Yes, little brother…as best that I could.”
“It was from tonight’s stew.”
“Yeah…I kind of figured that.”
“So, Mike, what are we going to do?”
“About what?”
“About what Red just told us.”
“What did he tell us? Not much…really. He didn’t do it. He told the police the same thing.”
“Yeah, so what if he did?”
“So, Bean, he’s a free man.”
“But what about fat Peter?”
“What about him?”
“Well, if he didn’t do the crime, he shouldn’t have to do the time.”
“Bean, you watch way too much television, you know that? This isn’t an episode of Baretta. Let’s not put the cart before the horse, okay?”
“Okay, Mike…and I know fat Peter’s a total brute and all that…but I just hope he doesn’t get railroaded for something he didn’t do.”
“He’s not going to get a life sentence based on one anonymous phone call. The police will need a little more evidence than that. You’re a pretty good amateur detective, Bean, and have seen enough Columbo and Kojak episodes to know how things work.”
“Yeah, I guess you’re right.”
“And before you give Peter a free pass, don’t forget what he did to you guys a couple of days ago. Had the cops not shown up when they did, he might have permanently disabled your friend Benjy. The man’s got a really bad reputation in the neighborhood—really bad. He’s involved with some shady people.”
“Shady people?”
“Yeah…shady people.”
“I hear what you’re saying, Mike.”
“Remember, too, that they were juveniles when all of this went down. When the dust settles, Red will probably be okay—no matter where this leads.”
“You really think so?”
“On the legal front, yeah, but beyond that…well…just look at him out there. He can’t care for himself, Bean.”
“We can help him out, Mike.”
“I’m afraid he’s going to need a lot more than a quart of milk, pound of cold cuts, and box of Devil Dogs.”
“I gotcha, Mike.” 
“Bean, I know you’re a big fan of Three’s Company, but don’t get any grand ideas like inviting him to bunk down with us.”
“You don’t have to worry about that, Mike.”
“God, imagine our bedroom fragrance with Red as a bunkmate.”
“I’d be longing for that barroom stink that you bring home every night.”
“Very funny, smarty pants! Well, first things first, let’s see how our star witness is doing. He says he knows who killed the kid. I suspect he wants to tell us something about that. Otherwise, what are we doing here?”
“Do you think he told the cops what he saw?”
“I don’t know…but Bean…we can’t be certain he’s telling us the truth.”
“He’s telling us the truth, Mike.”
“Oh, you’re sure of that?”
“Yeah, Mike, I am. Red may not be a Mensa candidate, but he’s a straight shooter.”
“Whatever,” Mike said with a benign expression on his face. 
We returned to the driveway, which was dimly lit courtesy of a nearby street light. Red appeared statuesque in the night shadows. While still firmly holding Mike’s wet shirt to his head, it didn’t appear that he had moved a muscle.
“How are you feeling, Red?” I asked.
“I feel fine now,” he said listlessly.
“Did you tell the police what you just told Mike and me?”
“I told them I didn’t do it.”
“Yeah, I know, but did you tell them what you saw?” 
Red didn’t answer my question and turned his head and upper-body away from me.
“Come on, Red,” Mike said, “answer Bean’s question.”
“No…okay…no…I didn’t,” Red replied with his eyes flitting nervously and never meeting ours.
“Why not?” I asked.
“Because I can’t…”
“Why can’t you?”
“I just can’t.”
“Red, do you want to tell us the man you saw commit this crime…or not?” Mike said sternly.
“Yeah, come on, Red, there has to be a reason you wanted to talk with us so badly. Telling us you didn’t do it…well…okay…we believe you…but you told the cops that. So, I don’t get it.”
“I want to tell you…”
“Then tell us.”
“No…I can’t…”
“Okay, Red,” Mike said, “then we’ll be going now.”
“No, don’t go…please…”
“Are you going to tell us?” Mike asked.
“You have to promise me…”
“Promise you what?” 
“I just need to know…”
“Red…need to know what?”
“That you’ll protect me from him…if I tell you his name.”
“Protect you from what exactly?”
“Yeah, Red, protect you from whom and what?” I asked.
“He’s a crazy man…really crazy…and he’s got power…lots of it…and people who do his bidding.”
“People who did his bidding?”
“The boy I saw do it.”
“He was a boy your age?”
“He taunted us all the time. He used to make fun of Robby for playing at our house with us. He told him we were a family of sideshow freaks. But he was the real sideshow freak! He said it was an accident…”
“What was an accident?” I asked.
“No! No! No!” Red said as he began weeping uncontrollably. “He hung him on the tree in our backyard—and it was no accident!”
“What?” I said as my legs turned to a Twinkies two-pack and the odds of an encore gastro geyser increased dramatically. 
“If you saw this happen, and knew the boy who did it, why didn’t you tell the police back then?” Mike asked.
“Because he said that they wouldn’t believe us, and that they would believe him. He said that if we said anything, he would tell them we did it.”
“Okay, Red, what’s this person’s name?”
“I’ve said too much already…no…I can’t tell you.”
“Red,” I said, “you wanted us here to tell us something…so tell us.”
“I can’t…”
“We can’t help you or Peter if you don’t.”
“It was Donny Hahn…okay…there…I said it…I said it,” Red cried.
“Donny Hahn? Not the guy who played centerfield for the Mets a few years ago?” 
Mike flashed me a stern, disapproving look. He didn’t appreciate my flip response to the revelation. Actually, I didn’t intend to say it, but—in the pressure cooker of the moment—just blurted it out. I’ve been told that sometimes my mouth works faster than my brain.
“Who’s Donny Hahn?” I asked, taking a second whack at it. “I don’t remember anybody around here by that name.”
“I know a lawyer named Donald Hahn.” Mike said.
“Yeah, that’s him. He’s an awful person…really and truly awful.”
“Mike, you know this guy?”
“He has an office on Broadway up near the city line. I’ve seen him in the Pinewood a few times.”
“He’s a bad guy…a really, really bad guy.”
“I don’t understand what’s going on,” I said. “Red, is this what you wanted to tell us…what couldn’t wait until tomorrow?”
“Yeah,” Red replied, barely spitting the word out.
“What do want us to do? Tell the police what you just told us? But you could have done that yourself.”
“No! No! No!” Red said forcefully. “I want you to…”
“Want us to do what?” Mike asked.
“I just want you to protect me from him.”
“What exactly from?”
“He wants Peter and me dead. He’s tried a few times.”
“Tried to kill you?” I said. “Oh, come on, Red.”
“We know he did it…and he wants us out of the way.”
“How exactly did he try to kill you?”
“You remember the time on my bicycle when I got hit by the car?”
“Yeah, I remember. You think this Hahn character had something to do with that?”
“You saw him behind the wheel of the car?” Mike said.
“No, I didn’t see him, but he has other people who do his dirty work.”
Mike looked over at me and shook his head. 
“Has he tried to bump off fat Peter…uh…Peter, I mean?” I asked.
“He’s always getting guys to start fights with Peter. They lead him out into the gutter…you know…where accidents can happen. Somebody tried to knife him once outside of the Jesse James Tavern on Broadway, and another time he almost got run over by a bus down there.”
“Why doesn’t Peter just go after him then…and wring his neck…he’s good at things like that?”
“That’s enough of that, Bean,” Mike said, making his unhappiness with my last remark quite clear.
“Sorry…I know…I shouldn’t have said that.”
“My brother Peter’s not looking for trouble.”
“Yeah, well,” I said but didn’t complete my thought.
“So, Red, you believe Donald Hahn is behind this phone call to the police?” Mike asked.
“It has to be him. He’s out to get us. Can’t you see that?”
“Okay, Red, we see it all right, and everything’s going to turn out okay. Do you have enough to eat right now?”
“Yeah, I do. Bean bought me cold cuts, bread, and stuff.”
“Red, man, you might want to throw out that rancid chop meat in your refrigerator. You didn’t notice it had gone bad? The smell coming off that thing is bloodcurdling.”
“No, I didn’t, Bean, but I’ll take care of it—right away—just as soon as I go inside. Thanks for telling me about it.”
“No problem.”
“Okay, then, we’ll be keeping an eye on you,” Mike said. “Lock up for the night. We’ll stop by in the morning to check on things. And we’ll see what else we can do for you, too.”
“You two guys are real friends. Bean, you were spot on about your brother. He’s a super guy. He’s your protector—just like my brother Peter is mine.”
“Yeah, Red, Mike is all that.”
“Guys, I really need Peter. I can’t allow him to go to jail for something he didn’t do.”
“I know you can’t, Red,” I said.
“So, okay, lock up, and get a good night’s sleep.”
“I’ll do that, Mike, and thanks for coming along with your brother and listening to what I had to say.”
“Thanks for taking us into your confidence.”
“All right, Red, good night then…and we’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Thanks again, Bean.”
“Lock up!” Mike called out from the top of the driveway. 
As Mike and I looked on from the sidewalk, Red waved goodbye and pulled down the garage door. 
“You going to wear your shirt home?” I said.
“No, Bean, I’m not. In fact, I’m going to burn it when we get back to the house.”
“You wouldn’t do that, Mike. That’s your Led Zeppelin concert shirt—one of your prized possessions.”
“Oh, you’re sure of that, Bean?”
“Funny thing, but the Casale boys don’t come away from this place with wearable shirts. I gave Richie mine to wipe his bloody nose…and now—two days later—this.”
“This is consecrated ground, Bean, that cannot be denied.”
“Mike, why would Donny Hahn place an anonymous call to the police? That doesn’t make any sense to me.”
“Bean, you really are a good detective. You’re right, it doesn’t make a whole lot of sense.”
“Why would he want the two guys who saw him do it arrested? The case has been cold for years and nobody’s been looking for Hahn. Red and Peter could finger him for the murder, right?”
“Unless he heard that the police had reopened the old case and got scared or something like that. But then again, maybe Red Buttons over here is full of baloney.”
“He’s giving us the straight dope, Mike.”
“Maybe…maybe not, Bean. That remains to be seen. Let’s get out of here! The stoop sitters have probably returned to their nests by now.”
“Yeah…and Mom won’t rest easy until I’m back home clean and sober.”
“And don’t forget chaste as well.”
Mike laughed and I did, too, as we started down the block toward home.
“Bean, are you sure you don’t want to call on the Van Cortlandt Motel?”
“Maybe some other night, Mike,” I said. “This has been a trying day for me.”
“The Don Hahn who played centerfield for the Mets. Bean, you’re really something. I can’t believe you actually said that.”
“I know…I’m sorry. You’re always telling me that my mouth works faster than my brain…and I guess it really does sometimes.”
“And even worse than that: Why didn’t Peter wring his neck…he’s good at things like that—wow!”
“I was caught up in the drama and wasn’t thinking clearly, Mike.”
“Forget about it. Despite your loose lips, you’re all right…all heart…always were. That’s what I love most about you.”
“You know, Mike, I really think there was someone else in the house…in the stairwell…besides Minute Mouse.”
“Maybe there was.”
“Who though?”
“I don’t know, but hopefully this mystery guest will help our buddy Red clean out that refrigerator of his.”
“Mike, man, that was nauseating—worse than any gasser I’ve ever smelled.”
“Well, at least it helped clear out your insides.”
“What I don’t understand is how Red could not have realized the chop meat had turned bad? He put the stuff I bought for him in that same refrigerator this afternoon.”
“Another unsolved mystery.”
“Are you going out tonight?” I asked.
“No, I don’t think so. I had planned to, but I just don’t feel like it now.”
“I’m really sorry that I roped you into all of this, Mike.”
“You didn’t rope me into anything. Hey, I’m your protector—that’s what Red says.”
“You are and, in my opinion, do a better job at the protecting part than Peter Kern.”
“Thanks, Bean. That’s quite a testimonial.”
“Hey, if you do go out, you might run into Donny Hahn.”
“Yeah, and I can make a citizen’s arrest.”
“Like Gomer Pyle did with Barney Fife. Citizen’s arrest…citizen’s arrest,” I said in my best Gomer Pyle impersonation.
Mike laughed. 
“I wonder how your friend’s date is going?” 
“He’s at the Dale as we speak seeing Corvette Summer.”
The Dale is Kingsbridge’s local movie theater, located just east of Broadway on W231st Street. Virtually everybody in the neighborhood has been there dozens of times. It’s within walking distance and gets almost all the current releases.
“Wow…Corvette Summer…how utterly romantic. I guess it’s better than taking his lady friend to see Attack of the Killer Tomatoes. I hope he chokes on a Jujube,” Mike said.
I couldn’t contain myself and broke into a loud fit of laughter.

26
When Mike and I arrived home, the myriad scents of the Cream Sam Man’s universe remained, like leeches, stubbornly attached to our clothing and exposed skin as well. Before heading upstairs to our apartment, Mike tossed his still damp Led Zeppelin concert shirt—the one old Red had pressed so vigorously to his forehead—into a garbage pail in front of the house. In the waning minutes of what was an unusual evening to say the least, we both yearned for crisp, detoxifying showers. Mike gave me first dibs on the bathroom because—in sharp contrast with his twenty and twenty-five minute ones, and some a lot longer than that—I take relatively short showers. An umbrella is in order when sitting on the toilet bowl following one of Mike’s marathon showers. The floor, walls, and ceiling are always sopping wet. It drives Mom bananas.
As he said he would, Mike stayed home—unprecedented for a Saturday night in summertime and a second day in a row for him. Our bedroom didn’t assume that infamous pub perfume during the overnight hours, which was a rare and appreciated bonus. However, this unexpected breath of fresh air didn’t translate into a good night’s sleep for me—far from it. Despite the comfortable temperature and low humidity, I had difficulty falling asleep. And when I finally did, it was a fitful one. Both my conscious and unconscious minds were on the same wavelengths. I had Red Kern on my brain when I was wide-awake and Red Kern on my brain while in dreamland. The man and his story—from his pitiable present predicament to what he claimed he had witnessed a long time ago—haunted me in the Land of Nod. Mike, on the other hand, was dead to the world just as soon as his head hit the pillow and barely moved a muscle all night long.
After catching glimpses of the early morning light outside my bedroom window, I sprang out of bed. It was well after six o’clock and I had had enough of tossing, turning, and tossing some more. I decided then and there to attend the seven o’clock Mass at St. John’s Church, which is on Kingsbridge Avenue, and get the blessed thing over and done with. This way, I’d have the whole day in front of me. Mike doesn’t attend Mass anymore. When he started college last year, he was officially christened an adult in the family circle, I guess, and capable of making adult decisions, like whether or not he wished to go to church on Sundays. For me, though, church attendance is still mandatory every week and on “holy days of obligation,” too. I typically go to the 8:45 a.m. Mass alone these days, and sometimes with my sister Terry—an unholy pairing if ever there was one. 
I would be an early bird in fulfilling my duty today, which I believe is more about pleasing my grandmother and Uncle Paul—who are very devout Catholics—than in pleasing God or Jesus. While my mother and father faithfully attend Mass, I have never sensed any enthusiasm or piety on their parts. With enough Schaefer Beer jet fuel in him, my father is apt to tell anybody who will listen how he really feels about religious matters. He goes to church every week because it means so much to his mother—my grandmother—but his belief in God Almighty is tenuous at best. 
After washing my hands and face, wiping the sleepers from my eyes, and brushing my teeth in the bathroom, I returned to the bedroom. Mike’s sleep was uninterrupted as I slipped on some socks, a T-shirt, and then foraged through my dresser drawer for a pair of dungarees. I never wear shorts to church—another family dictum that I am still bound by. Tying the laces of my sneakers, which unfortunately reminded me of Red and Peter Kern, too, was my final preparatory act. 
The Casale household was in never-never land as I softly exited the premises. I was out the door with twenty minutes to spare before the scheduled start of Mass. I skipped my breakfast because I intended on picking it up on the way home. Fresh rolls and donuts from Pat Mitchell’s are a Sunday morning tradition for many Kingsbridge families, including the Casales. While I understandably balked at purchasing Red’s cold cut meats there, I had no such aversion to their donuts, which are not made on the premises. Willow-Sunny, a wholesale bakery, delivers them fresh to Pat’s little grocery-deli every single day—with extra large shipments on Sundays to satisfy the considerable post-Mass demand. 
As I made my way up W232nd Street toward Kingsbridge Avenue, I passed by Richie’s bedroom window. I was sorely tempted to toss a few small stones at it and wake up lover boy, but let sleeping dogs lie instead. Also, I didn’t want to accidentally break the window, which happened once at Eddie Joyce’s house over on Irwin Avenue. Richie was the guilty party and never owned up to the transgression. I agreed at the time to be part of the cover-up. That’s what friends are for, I suppose.
As I climbed the steep hill alongside my grammar school alma mater, St. John’s Middle School, I could sense the coming day would be significantly hotter than its predecessor. The serenity of the early morning hours, especially during the summer months, has a certain flair for making the neighborhood look and feel a whole lot better than it actually is. The streets are tranquil; life appears unrushed; and neighbors’ multi-layered problems seem less complicated and more solvable before the whole wide world wakes up. Even my involvement in the Kern family’s ongoing saga felt less burdensome on my shoulders. 
Once inside the church, I had about a ten-minute wait before things got rolling. I sat where I always do—close by a side exit. Large fans briskly blew from several locations. I found myself gazing up at the ceiling and the impressive modern religious art above the altar. As a younger boy, the enormous depiction of Jesus in the church was more intimidating than reassuring to me. I sincerely wish I could claim otherwise, but I find this repetitive Mass thing a colossal bore and don’t get anything out of it. My mom always says, “You get out of it what you put in it.” Apparently, this cliché makes a lot of sense to her, but it leaves me cold. 
When the church’s organist began warming up with a series of sacred sounding chords, I knew we were moments away from the main feature. I scanned the place for familiar faces, which most of them were, including Sister Camillus, a cranky old nun with a wrinkled skin mustache. She was my fifth-grade Language Arts teacher in the St. John’s grammar school on Godwin Terrace, where I attended kindergarten through the sixth grade. Whereas most of the nuns who taught me in St. John’s were very nice, Sister Camillus was a paleo-throwback to a previous world of school discipline. In other words, she was mean and unpleasant. She once humiliated me in front of the class for misspelling the word “paid” as “payed” in an essay. “Imagine a fifth grader who doesn’t know how to spell the word ‘paid’!” she sneered for the benefit of my peers. Had it been several years earlier—when it was still condoned behavior—I might have been knocked for a loop as well. I never again misspelled the word, so perhaps I owe Sister Camillus a debt of gratitude. Still, I wanted to tell that old buzzard with the bad habit that it was the English language and its countless inconsistencies that were the problem and not little old me.
Surprisingly, Mrs. Burke was also on hand and seated in the church’s rear. From the distance that separated us, she looked even more strange than usual. There was something surreal about seeing her at this hour of day. Her bright red lipstick clashed with the new morning, particularly in the solemn church setting. In the dimly lit backdrop, her lips quite literally shined. Considering her penchant for hard drinking, I found it improbable that she had gotten up this early for Mass. It was more likely that she’d been up all night partaking in her favorite pastime. 
I mostly daydreamed for the forty or so minutes of the service, thinking entirely too much about the Kern brother’s predicament and what was in the offing for both of them and for me as well. I heard the organist play a couple of folk songs that are in vogue—“He Said” and “Go Forth”—but mostly tuned out the officiating monsignor, whom I never liked very much. I got up and marched to the altar’s edge to receive the Eucharist, and then—rather than return to my pew—escaped out the side door. 
Our monsignor is in fact notorious for stopping us teenagers from leaving early, even post-communion when there are only a few minutes left in the Mass. But since he was on the altar with a job to finish, I reasoned that I could safely flee from the sanctified surroundings and reach Pat Mitchell’s before anybody else. This very early Mass draws the smallest crowd by far on a Sunday morning. While congregants were scattered about the large church, the next Mass will more than triple the attendance, and maybe even quadruple it. Long lines, which occasionally spill out onto the front sidewalk, are wont to form in Pat’s after the later morning Masses—indisputable evidence that their rolls and donuts mean an awful lot to an awful lot of people around here.
As I hurried down the church’s side alleyway, the coast looked clear—no man of the cloth was in sight to corral me, chastise me, and send me back inside with my tail between my legs. At the end of the alleyway—home free—I veered left toward W231st Street and encountered Mrs. Burke in my path. 
“Good morning, Mrs. Burke,” I said.
“Good morning, boy,” she replied in a slightly slurred voice.
“What are you doing up so early?” I asked, despite suspecting she hadn’t yet turned in. I could smell whiskey on her breath this time, and her eyes looked more bloodshot than usual.
“I saw you last night speaking with young James. You didn’t take my advice, I see.”
“I don’t know what you mean.”
“I told you to stay away from that house.”
“I know you did. And, really, it wasn’t my intention to go back there. It’s just that young James is in a bad way and wanted to get something off his chest. I didn’t have the heart to turn him down.”
“And so you bring him food, too?”
“Well, yeah,” I said, realizing that Mrs. Burke doesn’t miss a trick from her perch across the street.
“What did he tell you?”
“Just that…uh…he didn’t commit any crime…and neither did his brother Peter.”
“Boy, please stay away from that bunch—you really must. I don’t know what crime young James was referring to, but if it’s something that happened many years ago…”
“What if it is?”
“Then he is as guilty as sin, and so is that dastardly brother of his.”
“You know something about that? You didn’t say so before?”
“I know the truth.”
“The truth about what? The dead boy from the neighborhood?”
“That’s right.”
“How do you know?”
“I just know, boy. You must believe me and keep your distance from those people.”
“Red…I mean…young James says he knows who did it, and that he and his brother have been persecuted by this same person…for years”
“Is that what he says?”
“Yes, and he seemed totally truthful to me. I’ve never known him to be a liar.”
“The youngest Kern boy is not right in the head—traumatized by all that’s happened before. He doesn’t always know what he’s saying. I feel sorry for him…I really do.”
“So, you know more about this case than him?”
“Who was that with you last night?” Mrs. Burke asked, ignoring my last question. “It wasn’t one of the usual boys I see you with.”
“My older brother Mike.”
“And I suppose you two plan on going up to that house again today?”
“Yeah…well…maybe…it all depends…I just don’t know.”
Just as soon as these definitive words tumbled out of my mouth, the Mass officially ended and men and women were streaming past Mrs. Burke and me, mostly senior citizens who rise early as a rule. I said hello to Mrs. McGuire and an old guy named Charlie, who knows my Uncle Paul well. I was not going to be the first one in Pat Mitchell’s after all. The best laid plans of mice and men.
“Will you do me one big favor, boy?” Mrs. Burke asked.
“It depends on what it is.”
“Come by my house with your brother before throwing in again with Lucifer.”
“We didn’t throw in with Lucifer, Mrs. Burke.”
“Will you do that? I have something to tell you that’ll make you see things differently—more clearly.”
“Why can’t you tell me now? I’ll pass it on to my brother.”
“Come by this morning sometime, okay?”
“Okay…yeah…we’ll try,” I said.
“Do more than try.”
With a lit cigarette in hand, Mrs. Burke turned away from me and began walking toward W231st Street. It was the same direction that I was headed, so I remained stationary. Her gait was somewhat unsteady as she crossed the neighborhood’s most famous street and passed by Pat’s, where I should have been had God not punished me for leaving Mass early. 

27
I gave Mrs. Burke a several-minute head start before leisurely strolling over to Pat Mitchell’s. When I at long last arrived at my destination, the decidedly cramped neighborhood store hosted only a small crowd. Still, it was a little too big for my tastes. Since I was not in any particular hurry, I hovered outside until the coast cleared. Gazing west toward sloping green Ewen Park—known to we wintertime sleigh riders as “Suicide Hill”—I could see Mrs. Burke slowly but surely making her way home. She wobbled to and fro as she neared the intersection of Tibbett Avenue—across the street from the old Sloan’s supermarket—and then turned the corner out of my viewfinder. 
When only a solitary shopper remained inside, I entered Pat’s to discharge a Sunday morning ritual. I eyed the cardboard beer can trays with wax paper on their bottoms, which were chock-full of chocolate-frosted donuts and a much smaller number of their—not nearly as popular—vanilla-frosted cousins. The donut displays rested on parts of the store’s countertop, which is overloaded to begin with, as well as on an elongated freezer in front of it. Pat’s freezer accommodates everything from ice cream sandwiches to blood pudding sausages to ten-pound bags of ice cubes that are always stuck together. I used to purchase these foot-long ice pops from the freezer for a nickel—odd tasting and brain freezing but worth every penny. Alongside the freezer stood a four-foot high paper bag loaded with fresh rolls. And, last by not least, sitting on a couple of wooden box crates—and nearer the floor than the countertop—was a huge tray jam-packed with miniature jelly donuts, crumb buns, and crullers awash in powdered sugar. 
When I reached the counter area, I began snatching up chocolate-frosted donuts from the boxes and handing them to Tommy Hess, a contemporary of mine from the neighborhood. I internally groaned when I realized that Tommy would be waiting on me, because he doesn’t just open up a paper bag, like others in Pat Mitchell’s employ do, and let me drop the donuts into it. Instead, he insists on grabbing hold of each one of them with his bare hands—the same hands used for taking money from customers, making sandwiches, and probably picking his nose as well. I then did the very same thing with an assortment of jelly donuts, crumb buns, and a few plain rolls, too. As I made my way out of the store with two paper bags loaded with donuts and rolls for the family, and a couple of New York Daily News Sunday papers—one for us and one for my grandmother and Uncle Paul—my hands were a sweet and slippery mélange of chocolate frosting and powdered sugar. I didn’t look back but I suspected Tommy was licking his fingers clean. I’ve seen him do this before while on the job, and I just didn’t want that impression accompanying me to the breakfast table.
Walking home with my early morning spoils, I encountered neighbors on their way to the upcoming Mass, the one I ordinarily attend. 
“Hello, Matthew, you’re up bright and early today,” Mrs. Brady said to me in her pleasant-sounding brogue. Mr. and Mrs. Mautone asked for my grandmother. I told them she was peachy keen. When I turned the corner at W232nd Street onto Tibbett Avenue—moments away from home and a time-honored Sunday morning breakfast of coffee and donuts—Johnny B and his mother practically ran me down.
“Good morning, Mrs. Bauer,” I said after our near collision.
“Good morning,” she replied curtly.
“You coming back from Mass already, Bean?” Johnny B asked.
“Yeah, I got up early, so I went to the seven o’clock.”
While Johnny B and I had come to a full stop in front of the Ragusa’s corner garden, Mrs. Bauer never broke stride.
“So, lay it on me…what happened last night?”
“Red told us he didn’t commit any crime…you know…and stuff like that.”
“Yeah, but there had to be more than that on his mind.”
“How about we talk about this later, Johnny B, when we have more time?”
“You do have more to tell me then?”
“I do. But you better catch up with your mother.”
“Your brother Mike went up with you, I hope?”
“Yeah, and I’m glad he did.”
“I bet Richie was smarting at having Mike along.”
“Richie had a hot date last night and wasn’t with us.”
“He didn’t go up there with you guys! Wow…I can’t believe it! I thought this was his big show.”
“I thought so, too. But those raging hormones of his took over—if you catch my drift.”
“Yeah…wow…okay…Bean…I’ll see you after Mass then,” Johnny B said.
“Enjoy the show. But I hate to break this to you, Johnny B, it’s mostly a repeat performance from last week.”
“Don’t let my mother hear you say that.”
“Well, she’s not here, Johnny B. The only way she’d ever know that I said it is if you tell her.”
“My lips are sealed.”
“Hit the road, man.” 
It appears that Johnny B tells his mother everything—well, not quite everything—which is probably among the reasons she can’t stand the sight of me. I’m both a serial blasphemer and all-around troublemaker in her eyes.
As Johnny B ran off in that plodding way of his to catch up with his mom, I checked out the Ragusa place for signs of morning life, but found none. It was closing in on 8:30 as I ascended my front hallway’s staircase. The top door to our apartment was wide-open and I smelled the inviting aroma of brewing coffee. 
“You were up early,” my mother said in greeting me. 
“Yeah, I went to the seven o’clock Mass and then to Pat’s. Monsignor officiated.”
“Matt, it’s Sunday.”
“What did I do?”
“You know what you did.”
“I just said, ‘Monsignor officiated,’ which was the honest-to-god truth.”
“It’s how you said it.”
“Sorrrry…it won’t happen again…promise.” 
“Only a nerd wears purple sneakers to church,” Terry said as she gathered around the table.
“I said a prayer for you this morning, Terry. I asked God to finally let you grow up and stop being a bratwurst. It wasn’t answered, I see.”
“You’re such a loser, Matt.”
“Would you two knock it off!” Mom interrupted.
When I set down the two bags on the kitchen table, my mom promptly brought over a couple of dinner plates and reached into each bag, individually plucking out the donuts and rolls. She has this thing about assembling them on plates in some neat geometrical order. I prefer leaving the spoils in the bags and reaching inside them for what I want. 
“Matt, ask them to put the rolls in a separate bag next time. They’ve got powdered sugar all over them.”
“Mom, it’s Tommy Hess. He’s a total stupid head.”
“Just tell him that you want a separate bag for the rolls.”
“Yeah…okay, I’ll do that next time. Is Mike up yet?” I asked.
“He’s in the bathroom. He’s finally gotten out of the shower. Twenty minutes!”
“A short shower for Mighty Mike this morning.”
“Yeah, short shower! He’s ruining my wallpaper. I’m forever scrubbing mildew off of everything because of those short showers of his.”
“Come on, Mom, it’s one of his earthly pleasures…cut the guy a break,” I said.
“Well, let him find another earthly pleasure—a drier one.”
“Mom, you might like the substitute earthly pleasure even less.”
“How many showers does that boy need? He took one last night!”
“As Richie Ragusa would say, ‘Mom, take a chill pill!’”
When I heard the clicking sound of the bathroom door lock, Mike was seconds away from passing by our regal-looking feed—a Kingsbridge denizen’s Sunday morning breakfast. He walked past us sporting only a towel around his waist and looking almost as wet as the interior of the bathroom that he just exited. Mom raced to the bathroom to survey the damage.
“Good morning, Bean,” he said.
“Good morning, Mike.”
“I knew I could count on you for our fine morning fare.”
“Mike, you can’t be leaving the place like this! How many times do I have to tell you!” Mom shouted out from the bathroom’s interior. “It’s sopping wet!”
“Mother dear, I dried it as best that I could.”
“Yeah, I bet you did!”
“My sexy big brother,” Terry said as she made a playful reach for Mike’s towel. Mike is never in the least bothered by Terry’s annoying antics. He gets along with her a whole lot better than I do.
I followed Mike back into our bedroom to give him the Kern news flash in private. 
“You were up at the crack of dawn,” Mike said as he removed his towel from his waist. He stood before me completely naked and casually drying his hair and other body parts. Mike isn’t the least bit self-conscious. Although we bear a strong physical resemblance—he’s a couple of inches taller and somewhat meatier than me—our personalities are distinct. Mike is more comfortable in his skin than his youngest brother is in his, and it shows. 
“I didn’t sleep much last night, so I got up with the cock-a-doodle-do. Figured I’d go to the seven o’clock Mass and get the darn thing over and done with.”
“Our special evening really got to you?”
“I guess…maybe…it did.”
“Well, Bean, I’m off today. So, we’ll see if there’s anything else we can do for our friend up the block.”
“I have some breaking news to report.”
“You saw the guy already?”
“No.”
“Peter’s out?”
“Not that I know of.”
“The plot thickens then. Okay, let’s hear it.”
Mike was completely dry now and opening all sorts of dresser drawers for his clothes. He first snatched a pair of socks out of a drawer and put them on before anything else. I have a distinctly different article of clothing sequence when dressing in our public bedroom—pair of underwear before pair of socks.
“Old Lady Burke was at Mass. She got hold of me outside the church.”
“I can’t imagine her up so early.”
“Yeah, well, Mike, I don’t think she’d gone to bed yet. She was wearing John Barleycorn perfume and was kind of unsteady on her feet.”
“I catch your drift, Bean…I catch your drift. So, what was on her mind?”
“She saw us last night…in the driveway with Red.”
“Jesus Christ, that old woman doesn’t miss a trick. I would have thought that she’d have been out on the town by that hour.”
“Maybe seeing us there is what inspired her overnight binge?”
“I really don’t think she needs any outside inspirations, Bean.”
“You’re probably right about that.”
Mike finally got around to putting on his BVDs and a pair of shorts.
“Other than the obvious…that you didn’t heed her advice…what did she have to say?”
“Yeah…she lectured me a bit about that, but said she wants to talk with us—you and me—before we go see Red or have anything else to do with the Kern clan. Get this, Mike, she said she knows about the kid’s murder—details.”
“This is all very interesting stuff, Bean.”
“Will you go up to see her then?”
“Sure I will. But first—if you don’t mind—I want to partake in our Sunday morning cuisine.”
“Sounds like an idea I could really sink my teeth into.”
“By the way, has Richie shown his ugly mug yet on this beautiful summer’s morning?”
“No sign of any life over there.”
“I wonder if that prick’s going to want to join in the fun today?”
“I would imagine so, Mike, unless, of course, he’s got another big date. He doesn’t work on Sundays.”
“I wouldn’t be so certain, Bean, with me around. He’s used to being the head honcho—the big cheese. And he knows he can’t pull that crap on me.”
“I know what you’re saying.” 
“Okay, let’s get a move on before that little sister of ours eats our share.”
“I bought plenty, Mike—no sweat.”
“You’ve been spending money the last couple of days like a drunken sailor, Bean. Did you buy any breakfast for you know who?”
“If there are any donuts left over, I was thinking that, maybe, we can bring them up to you know who.”
“Yeah, maybe we could do that,” Mike said.

28
Pat Mitchell’s donuts didn’t disappoint. They never do—unless you buy them at four o’clock in the afternoon. After finishing my breakfast, I changed into a pair of shorts before stepping out into the mid-morning sunshine with my big brother. It was shaping up to be a hot one. Our brief interlude of cooler than normal summer weather was nearing an end.
“Shall we, Bean?”
“Let’s get this thing over with.”
“That’s a defeatist attitude, Bean. You’re usually Mr. Positive.”
“Sorry, Mike, I don’t know what came over me.”
Mike and I crossed the street at the lip of our driveway and wandered up the block toward Mrs. Burke’s place. It was almost as if we didn’t want to get there. There was no sign of Red—a renowned morning person—anywhere. 
While Mrs. Burke’s eyes are frequently bloodshot, they are nevertheless of eagle caliber. We were several yards away when she emerged from inside with a lit cigarette in her hand. She intently gazed in our general direction.
“The Amazing Old Lady Burke!” I said in a stereotypical carnival barker impersonation. “She sees all from near…and from afar as well.”
“And—assuming she’s been up all night—apparently doesn’t need much sleep.”
“Mike, she somehow divined we were on our way and is rolling out the red carpet for us.”
“She’s like a bomb-sniffing dog.”
“Good morning, boys,” Mrs. Burke called out as we creeped closer and closer to her front stoop.
“Good morning once again,” I said. She looked a whole lot better than she did a couple of hours ago, I thought.
“Top of the morning, Mrs. Burke. How are you on this lovely summer’s day?”
“My, my, you two certainly look like brothers—the Bobbsey Twins.”
“Well, not quite like them,” I said. “The Bobbsey Twins were a boy and a girl.”
Mike glanced over at me with a big smile on his face and lightly swatted me in the back of my head.
“Come on inside, boys…come on in…and let’s have our little talk.”
The Casale brothers climbed Mrs. Burke’s front steps and then followed behind her through the foyer and into the living room. The mysterious automobile tire was where I expected it to be. I casually gestured at it for Mike’s benefit.
“Anything going on across the street?” I inquired before taking a seat on the couch. 
Mrs. Burke’s eyes met mine in a glare that rivaled the hunchback’s in its intensity. 
“I have seen plenty this morning, boy.”
“Like what exactly?” Mike said as he sat down beside me.
“Peter Kern is over at the house right now.”
“Oh, God, when did he get out?” I asked.
“I saw him early this morning when I came home from Mass.”
“Have you seen Red Kern?” 
“Red? You mean young James?”
“Oh, yes, that’s right…sorry…young James.”
“I did indeed. The Kern brothers were having an animated conversation in their front driveway…just moments before you two arrived.”
“Animated?” I said with unease. 
I suddenly had this unmistakable urge to run to the bathroom. The cumulative effect of everything that had transpired over the last few days, coupled with Peter Kern walking the streets, had my innards reeling.
“Peter seemed very angry, but then he always seems that way, doesn’t he?”
“So, what exactly did you want to tell us?” Mike asked.
Mrs. Burke paused as she sat down on an old easy chair directly opposite Mike and me. She took an extra-long drag on her cigarette.
“You said that you believe Red…uh…sorry again…young James…wasn’t telling us the truth last night,” I said
“That’s right…he wasn’t.”
“What makes you so sure?” Mike said.
“The Kern brothers are two bad seeds, sad to say, though I do feel for young James. But as for that horrible Peter, I’ve been praying for the day that he gets locked away once and for all…or better still…”
“Okay, but that doesn’t answer my question.”
“Boy, I know many things that have happened—too many things that I rather wish I didn’t know and didn’t have to carry around with me all these years.”
“You know, Mrs. Burke, feel free to call me by my name, Mike, and this is Matt seated next to me here.”
“I will do that, boy—yes, I will.”
“Well, then, what about the Kerns and this thing with the police?”
“They are two guilty souls over there who will one day confront their maker and dearly pay for their crimes.”
“Okay, you say they are guilty of crimes, but what crimes exactly? And what evidence do you have to support this claim of yours? You’re making some pretty bold accusations here, Mrs. Burke. And I’m assuming you’re talking about an incident that happened…what…twenty-five years ago?”
“In the summer of 1953—that’s right, boy. July 20, 1953 to be exact. Young James must have been eight or nine at the time, and Peter, twelve or thirteen, when this all happened.”
“When what happened?” I said.
“When that innocent neighbor boy was killed by those two demons across the street.”
“July 20th? Thursday would have been the anniversary then.”
“That’s right, boy, twenty-five years to the day.”
“I saw Red…uh…young James…I don’t know why I keep doing that…on Thursday morning…and he looked totally spaced out…like a zombie or something. Could the anniversary date have had something to do with that?”
“It had everything to do with it, boy! Trust me…he’s well aware of that day and what he did, too. I was over at the house that very morning…when you boys were hanging around outside and running through the backyard.”
“You were in the Kern’s house? What were you doing there?”
“Never mind that now.”
“Mrs. Burke, you say that you know for certain that they did this god-awful thing. But how do you know? And, if you knew about this when it happened, I don’t understand why you didn’t report the crime back then?” Mike asked.
“I know, I know, none of this makes sense to you, dear boys. I didn’t report it because I couldn’t.”
“Why not?”
“Because my husband was over there at the time.”
“Over where?”
“At the house when it all happened. He helped them bury the poor boy’s body that night.”
“I don’t get it. Why would he do that?” I asked as a blend of coffee and some bits and pieces of undigested donuts violently churned in my stomach.
“You see, boys, my late husband and Mr. Kern were first cousins and very close as boys living in Galway, Ireland. Their families came to the states together.”
“Really, Mrs. Burke, I know blood is thicker than water and all that,” Mike said, “but this was a murder of an innocent little kid. How could he turn his back on that?”
With cigarette smoke both wafting toward the living room ceiling and making its way over to us on the couch, Mrs. Burke stared off into space. I looked over at Mike, who rolled his eyes as if to say: I don’t know what to make of this.
“Mrs. Burke,” I shouted out in an effort to reach her through both the literal and figurative fog she was in. “Young James told us that some kid named Donny Hahn committed the murder and that they only witnessed it. Can there possibly be some truth to that?” 
Awakened from her stupor, Mrs. Burke fixed her eyes directly on me—unsettling my bowels once again. I haven’t crapped in my pants since I was three years old. I’d hate to break that streak now.
“That’s balderdash!” she said.
“Do you know this Donny Hahn guy?”
“I know him very well. Donald’s father was a lawyer for both the Kern and Burke families. Donald took over for him when he passed on. He still does work for me from time to time.”
“So, Red and Peter knew him as kids?”
“I doubt that very much. Donald had a serious falling out with Peter a few years ago—when Peter was in trouble with the law again. This is something…no doubt…that the horrible Peter’s cooked up to get back at him.”
“But Red…sorry, young James…seemed very convincing last night. He even said this guy Hahn’s tried to kill them…and on more than one occasion, too.”
“Don’t believe such nonsense, boy! You’re smarter than that.”
“We don’t know what to believe, Mrs. Burke,” Mike said. “We’ve had to process a whole lot of stuff the last couple of days. You can understand why we’re a bit confused, can’t you?”
“I understand, boys—completely. This is why I’ve been trying so hard to warn you to stay away from those people. I should have done something sooner…much, much sooner. I’ve watched you boys talking with young James across the street for far too long. I always worried that something really bad might happen to you. And it almost did a few days ago. But now you know the truth. Keep away from the Kerns…please.”
“Was it you then who called the police and told them about the buried body in Van Cortlandt Park?” I asked.
Mrs. Burke didn’t answer me.
“After what you just told us, you would seem to be the most logical candidate, Mrs. Burke,” Mike said. “That is, if you’re telling us the truth.”
“I am telling you the truth, boy. I will swear on my Bible here and now if I have to.”
“Were you the police informer then?”
“It’s best you don’t know the answer to that. And it’s best that you stay away from the Kerns…far away. Please heed my advice this time.”
“Do the Kern brothers know that you know the real story…the truth?”
“Peter certainly does. Young James may not be aware of who knows what. I don’t think things stay in the poor boy’s head for very long. He believes what his older brother tells him to believe.”
“Then really, Mrs. Burke, maybe you’re the one who should be worried—not us—with Peter a free man and thinking you ratted on him.”
“Why worry at my age? Whatever happens to me…happens…it’s in God’s hands, boy. I’ve been looking out for that wicked family for many years now, because that’s what I promised my dearly departed husband I would do…but I’ve had enough of that.”
“What have you been doing for them?”
“Oh…cleaning up messes…all kinds of messes.”
“But you said you hadn’t seen Mrs. Kern in a really long time,” I said.
“Yes…and that was a little white lie on my part. Forgive me, boy. I was over to the house many times when she was on her deathbed. A no-good woman that one! Peter said he would only take her to the hospital when it was absolutely necessary.”
“Yeah, what’s the real story behind that?” I asked. “The cops thought there might have been some foul play involved.”
“No foul play. Too much whiskey and madness killed that miserable old woman. She died in the house, and when Peter finally got around to taking her to the hospital…it was too late.”
“Too late. That’s the understatement of the year. She was long dead, you mean?”
“I don’t know how long. Peter was just frightened out of his mind when she passed…not thinking clearly. But, really, it was no concern of mine.”
“Nobody in the neighborhood seemed to know about you going over there like you say you did. How’d you pull that off?”
“I’m pretty cagey about certain things, boy. Did what I had to do at hours when most everyone around here was asleep. I’ve got my own set of keys to that pigsty across the street.”
“Mrs. Burke, when the police found the boy’s remains in the park, the skull was missing. Seems that they need the teeth to make a positive identification of the body.”
“Yeah, Mrs. Burke, could you think of any reason why it wasn’t found with the rest of the bones?” Mike asked. “Someone, I suppose, could have dug it up and run off with it.”
Mrs. Burke, a human chimney, reached for her pack of Marlboro’s. She fumbled around for a few seconds in pulling out another cigarette, and then snatched her lighter from a nearby end table. She lit the cigarette and looked first at Mike and then at me.
“Boys, it is this little piece of information that has compounded my nightmare.”
“What little piece of information?” Mike said.
“Some time ago, Peter came knocking on my door very, very drunk and very, very angry. His mother was still among the living when this happened. I’ll admit that I was frightened he might do me harm…but I let him in anyway.”
“Why didn’t you just call the police?” I asked.
Mrs. Burke glowered my way and ignored the question. 
“Peter told me that night that he had found the body—the skeleton of the boy—where it had been buried in the park, and that he had taken possession of the skull. I vowed then and there that he would get his…even if I had to be the one...”
“Why would he come and tell you that? I don’t get it,” Mike said.
“Because when a horrible man is really, really drunk, it is never a pretty picture, boy. It’s a lethal combination, especially when one is carrying around dark, dark secrets. He relishes torturing people. He knew how much I wanted to protect my late husband’s reputation. He assumed that I would never go to the police.”
“But you finally did, didn’t you?” I asked.
“Let’s not go there, okay? You are one very persistent boy.”
“Okay…but…uh…why exactly did fat Peter…Peter, that is…say he dug up the body?”
“He’s an evil man but not a stupid one. He knew the boy’s teeth were the only way the police could ever identify the body after all these years.”
“Yeah, but he wasn’t even a suspect and the case had gone cold.”
“I don’t know about that, boy. Something spooked him at that time.”
“What did he say he did with it?” 
“He told me that he had it in his possession…that’s all.”
“Do you think the police were searching the house for it a couple of days ago?” Mike said.
“I bet they were, Mike. Detective Suarez had all sorts of questions for us about the backyard, too. But I doubt that he would dig up the body in some obscure part of the park, make off with the skull, and then bury it in his own backyard.”
“I doubt that very much, too,” Mrs. Burke said. 
“Mrs. Burke, do you know anything about Peter’s girlfriend, who was at the house a couple of days ago? She must have been the one throwing things out the window at us when we were in the backyard?”
“All I know about that tramp is that she stops by every now and then.”
“Not to do yard work, apparently,” I said.
“And, dear boy, it wasn’t any lady friend of Peter’s who was throwing stuff at you.”
“How can you be so sure?”
“Because it was me.”
“You?” both Mike and I cried in unison.
“I already told you that I was in the house that morning—the anniversary morning. I was trying to calm young James down. He had rang my doorbell very early and asked me to come over. He seemed totally lost. He told me his mother had instructed him to ingest her remains.”
“Ingest her remains? How? Like an Ovaltine shake or something?”
“It wasn’t easy, but I talked him out of it…thank the good Lord. And that’s when I noticed you boys hanging around out front and then going into the backyard.”
“So, you chuck rocks and beer bottles at us? Why?” 
“I wanted to scare you off…that’s all. I hoped that you’d get the message to stay away…far away. I wasn’t aiming for you boys with any of those things.”
“Well, Mrs. Burke, your aim was off, because I got hit a couple of times.”
“Oh, I’m very sorry, dear boy. I hope you weren’t hurt.”
“Outside of a big lump on my head, no, but if that beer bottle had hit me...”
“That’s good to hear…good to hear.”
“My friend Johnny saw you at the window then?”
“I tried not to be seen, but I suppose he must have.”
“He thought it was Mrs. Kern. He said it was a woman with white hair who looked like an ugly old hag.”
“Well, I look like an ugly old hag, don’t I?”
“Yeah, but you don’t have white hair.”
Mike glanced over at me with a “you’ve done it again” look on his face.
“Well, no, you don’t look like an ugly old hag…at all…that’s not what I meant.”
“Don’t worry about it, boy. We’re even now. I hit you with a couple of things and you said I looked like an ugly old hag.”
“Mrs. Burke,” Mike said, “I was just thinking that it’s not really a good idea for us to be here. What if Peter sees us coming out of your house? He’d probably put two and two together that you told us this story of yours.”
“I wouldn’t worry about that. Just keep your eyes open for the time being…until this thing is sorted out.”
“Until this thing is sorted out? That could be a very long time…or maybe never.”
“It will all be sorted out…and very soon. I promise you that.”
“Very well, Mrs. Burke, my brother and I will do as you say and watch our steps…and our backs, too…and I hope you’ll do the same.”
“I will, dear boy. Michael, is it?”
“Yes, that’s right.”
“You look out for your brother. I can tell.”
“Yeah, well, he needs looking out for.”
“And Matthew, right?”
“Right.”
“Tell your friend who saw me at the window that I was wearing a Halloween wig that I bought at the five-and-ten down on Broadway. He wasn’t imagining things,” Mrs. Burke said. Her bright red lips then formed the biggest smile I’d ever seen her wear.
“I will. He’ll be happy to hear that—really. But what were you doing with a Halloween wig in the first place?”
“I kept one handy in the event that I had to scare people off…like you boys.”
“Oh, right…yeah…that makes perfect sense…and, believe me, it worked like a charm.”
“Not quite like a charm, Matthew.”
“Yeah…well…I see your point.”

29
Mike and I arose from Mrs. Burke’s couch and shadowed her as she walked through the foyer, which promptly became a smoke-filled room. Mike whispered in my ear: “Mrs. Burke is making certain the coast is clear.” It appeared that she did, after all, think being seen in her company had ramifications that could prove hazardous to our health. When she opened the front door, her bloodshot eagle eyes zeroed in on the house across the street.
“Look at him,” she said. “What a hideous beast of a man!” 
Mike shimmied his way through the tight foyer to the door.
“Who’s there?” he asked, even though he knew the answer to his question.
“It’s Peter Kern in the driveway—so you boys just stay put…stay put.”
“It’s him all right,” Mike said as he peered over the petite Mrs. Burke’s head.
“Can I have a look-see?” I inquired as if we were all at the Bronx Zoo and jockeying for a premium view of the hippopotamus pen or gorilla cage.
I made my way to the front-door portal—the hottest ticket in town from the looks of things. It was quite cramped with the three of us maneuvering back and forth in such a narrow space, but I caught a fair glimpse of Peter. He was leaning against a wall in the lower part of the driveway, near the garage entrance, and savoring a smoke—a bad habit he shared with his nemesis Mrs. Burke. Peter’s beer belly hung over his belt. His filthy, formerly white, V-neck T-shirt rode up his blubbery mid-section. As usual, the man was unshaven and generally unkempt. I’ve always believed that Peter affects this look to accentuate his loutishness. And it works like a charm, in my opinion, because he’s always scared the hell out of me. 
“Let’s all keep out of sight,” Mrs. Burke said. “I think it’s best that he not see you boys leaving here.”
“I couldn’t agree with you more, Mrs. Burke. It’s not in our best interests that Peter see us parading down your front steps,” Mike replied with frustration etched in his face.
I backed away from the door while Mrs. Burke—like a housecat eyeing a sparrow on a nearby tree branch—maintained a close watch on Peter. Mike cast me several glances as he and I stood silently in the backdrop. Without uttering a sound, we were communicating as only close brothers can. He was telling me to take a deep breath, not to panic, and that everything will be all right—at least that was my telepathic take on things. Mike could sense that I was becoming increasingly agitated with each passing moment. It was visible on my face, in my body language, and I really did have to use the bathroom. 
After about five minutes of awkwardly standing around in Mrs. Burke’s claustrophobic foyer, the surveillance came to an end when Peter went inside, although he did not pull the garage door down behind him.
“He’s gone back into the house,” Mrs. Burke said, “but I don’t think you boys should go out there just yet. Let’s wait until we see him leave the place altogether.”
“Mrs. Burke,” Mike replied, “that could be hours from now…or not at all today…we don’t know. No, we’ll just have to take our chances.”
“Very well, Michael, but please do me a big favor then and go out through the back. Use Mrs. Mazzilli’s alleyway.”
Mrs. Burke was suggesting that we return home covertly—more or less—through several of her neighbors’ backyards until we reached the first house in the line, Mrs. Mazzilli’s. If we used her alley for our exit, we would be well outside of Peter’s sphere of influence. 
Mike consented to the execution of Mrs. Burke’s better to be safe than sorry plan. We followed the lady of the house through her living room and into the kitchen. A backdoor led outside to a corroded old steel porch with a couple of corroded old metal chairs on it. Cigarette butts were strewn all over its floor, which had been painted red at some point—probably a long time ago when Mr. Burke was among the living.
“You will be careful, Michael, won’t you?” Mrs. Burke said.
“We’ll be careful. Don’t worry about us. It’s you, Mrs. Burke, who should be extra careful…seriously!” 
Mike and I sauntered down a short staircase into her backyard, which wasn’t much to look at—a cracked concrete patch of ground adjoining a field of weeds not nearly as impressive as the Kern’s. 
“Keep a close eye on young Matthew.” 
“I always do, Mrs. Burke, I always do.”
“Your brother is an impulsive boy.”
“Yeah…he sure is that sometimes.”
“Goodbye, Mrs. Burke,” I said.
“Goodbye, Matthew. Stay out of trouble…and you know what that means.”
“Believe me—this time I intend to.”
While there are no garages in the line of houses, which includes Mrs. Burke’s, there are small concrete car parks in the backyards. Some of the homeowners, like Mrs. Mazzilli, maintain flower and vegetable gardens beyond the concrete, including a couple of impressive ones with herbs, fig trees, and vines loaded with berries, grapes, and string beans. 
On the old lady spectrum, Mrs. Burke and Mrs. Mazzilli are breeds apart. The latter always dresses in black and doesn’t wear any lipstick, let alone an ultra-bright red color. I’ve been told that Mrs. Mazzilli’s worn nothing but mourning attire ever since her brother died, which was many years ago and before my time. This fashion statement of hers can’t help but be brutally uncomfortable in the dead of summer. Our neighbor in black also has a well-earned reputation for being something of a sourpuss. Dressing in funeral garb every single day of the year is the dead giveaway. And she’s not alone. I see other locals—invariably from the old country—who mourn their dead for eternity. Smiles from this bunch are hard to come by.
“Hello there, Mrs. Mazzilli,” Mike said as we approached her backyard and found her tinkering around in a small but healthy-looking patch of tomato plants.
“What are you boys doing back here?” Mrs. Mazzilli asked snippily. The backyards we had just traipsed through were very private and, understandably, trespassers were not appreciated and viewed with the utmost suspicion.
“We were just chatting with Mrs. Burke and she asked us to exit through the back way. I hope you don’t mind if we use your alleyway—just this once,” Mike said.
“No, go ahead—you’re already here.”
“Thank you kindly, Mrs. Mazzilli.”
“Tell me…what business did she have with the two of you? It didn’t have anything to do with those people across the street from her, I hope? I heard what happened the other day. Were you the boys who got roughed up by that Kern character?”
“I wasn’t,” Mike said, “but my brother Matt was there.”
“So, it did have something to do with them…your meeting with Mrs. Burke.”
“It was nothing important…really.”
“She’s a nice woman that one, but she likes her drinks. I think it’s finally affecting her mind.”
“She likes her smokes, too,” I said.
“Truer words have never been spoken. That old woman’s never without a cigarette in her hand. Ah, it’s too bad…really…too, too bad.”
“Look…there she is…the human smokestack,” I said.
Mrs. Burke, who had gone inside after we said our farewells, emerged on her back porch with a lit cigarette lodged between her teeth. Her eagle eyes were now affixed on Mrs. Mazzilli, Mike, and me. She was no doubt wondering what we were gabbing about.
“I like the woman…I really do…but she’s a sorry soul. I just hope she doesn’t do something crazy.”
“Crazy? Like what exactly?” Mike asked.
“She doesn’t like those people across the street one bit, you know…and I don’t blame her. Her husband was related to the father over there—the one who got turned into Polenta by the A train.”
“Yeah…they were cousins.”
“When she’s got too much whiskey in her system these days, she says some very strange things…some very strange things.”
“Such as?”
“She says they should all be dead, and that maybe she’ll have to make it happen…things like that. I try to reason with her, but you can’t reason with a drunk—that much I have learned in this life.”
“Well, Mrs. Mazzilli, I don’t think she’d get very far waging battle with Peter Kern over there…so I really hope she doesn’t try anything foolish,” Mike said.
“If that gun she has shoots real bullets, maybe he’s the one who better watch his step.”
“She’s got a gun?” I said.
“Yes, Annie’s got a gun, young man. It was her husband’s, I think. She showed up at my door last week and starts waving that bloody thing around like she was Marshall Dillon. Scared the wits out of me.”
“I bet it doesn’t shoot.”
“I wouldn’t be so sure about that, Sonny. Something’s gotten into that old lady’s head. She’s got this determined look in her eyes.”
“Her bloodshot eyes,” I replied.
“Well…okay…thanks again for letting us use your alleyway, Mrs. Mazzilli,” Mike said. “We appreciate it…and it’s been real nice talking with you.”
“Say hello to your grandmother for me.”
“I’ll do that.”
“How is she doing?”
“She’s just fine…just fine.”
“Nice looking tomatoes you have there, Mrs. Mazzilli,” I said.
Mrs. Mazzilli picked off a perfectly red and ripe one from the plant closest to her.
“Here, give this to your grandmother.” 
“Thank you very much. She’ll appreciate it,” I said as I took possession of the hearty-looking tomato. “Bye now.”
When Mike and I reached the top of the alley and front sidewalk, we glanced up the block and there was no sign of Peter or Red. We crossed the street and returned home without incident.
“So, Bean, I sure hope you were taking notes.” Mike said.
“Yeah, Mike…really…I better start putting all this stuff down on paper.”
“Mrs. Burke in a Halloween wig from Woolworth’s and throwing things out the window at you guys…man…that’s priceless! The truth really is stranger than fiction.”
“But what about this gun thing, Mike? You think Mrs. Burke might actually consider using it?”
“Look, Bean, after what I’ve heard from Red last night and Mrs. Burke this morning, I’d say that just about anything is possible—anything.”
“Didn’t she say something like things would be taken care of real soon.”
“Yeah, something like that.”
“Do you think we should tell the police what we learned?”
“Mrs. Burke, the informer, told them just about everything she told us.”
“She didn’t tell them about the gun.”
“Well, no surprise there, Bean, because she didn’t tell them who she was.”
“Oh, man, I’ve really got to take a dump, Mike,” I said as we approached our front stoop.
“Then go for it, Bean.”
“I’m sorry I got you mixed up in all of this, Mike.”
“Bean Bag, forget about it. I’m just glad that I was with you last night and this morning, too—and not your friend from next door.”
“That makes two of us.”
“You are an impulsive boy.”
“Yeah…that’s me all right. And I don’t think I’ll ever be able to eat Grandma’s Polenta again.”
“Saying a guy who got run over by a train was turned into Polenta sounded like something you would say, Bean.”
“Maybe I’ll call on Mrs. Mazzilli one of these days and compare notes. She does have a way with words.”

30
“Matt, it’s your friend, Johnny,” my mother called out to me from the other side of the bathroom door. “He’s waiting outside for you.”
“Tell him I’ll be right there, okay?”
“Hurry it up.”
“Mom, do you mind if I finish wiping my butt?”
“Matt…that’s not nice.”
“I know, it’s Sunday…sorrrrry!”
I felt markedly better on the way out of the bathroom than I did on the way in. As I scampered through the living room to the stairwell, I found Mike seated on the couch and engrossed in the Sunday newspaper.
“Bean, stick close by,” he said to me before I reached the front hallway.
“I’ll just be out on the stoop, Mike, that’s all. You don’t have to worry about me.”
“Just don’t plot any adventures with your pals today…or, should I say, misadventures.”
“I’ve learned my lesson over the last few days.”
“Yeah…the story of your life…a short-term memory problem. You learn your lessons in the morning and forget about them in the afternoon.”
“I admit it, Mike. I really mess up sometimes. But no more of that from me. I’m on the straight and narrow from here on out. Print it!”
“What do you say we do something together this afternoon? Maybe take a ride somewhere. How does Bear Mountain sound? We can get away from all the neighborhood excitement for a spell. Johnny B’s welcome to tag along.”
“Cool, Mike! I’ll tell him.”
“I guess you’re off the hook.”
“How do you mean?”
“Leftover donuts and no donut delivery required. Big brother Peter will probably go on a shopping spree today and stock up all those empty cupboards and that refrigerator in the basement.”
“Fresh chop meat is definitely in order. But he might have to wait until tomorrow. Ben’s Meat-o-Mat is closed on Sundays.”
“You know, Bean, you doled out some serious bread on old Red.”
“And I was all prepared to break open my piggy bank and buy him some new threads, too.”
“Just keep your eyes and ears open. Let me know if any shots ring out.”
“Shots?”
“From the armed and dangerous Mrs. Burke.”
“If I hear any shots, Mike, you’ll be the first to know…I promise. And you’ll have to bring down the smelling salts to revive Johnny B.”
When I stepped out into the late morning sun, it was hot all right—but what I’d term a “generic summer hot” and nothing like the brutal heat of the recent past.
“Hey, what do you say there, Johnny B! I was Bowling for Dollars when you rang the bell.”
“Bean, you just missed Richie.”
“So, lover boy has finally arisen from his beauty sleep.”
“Yeah…he went up to Red’s.”
“He went up to Red’s? Why would he do that?”
“I guess because he missed hearing what Red had to say last night.”
“That’s really whacked, you know that, Johnny B!”
“I told him you and Mike went up there last night, and that you had a lot to tell us.”
“Why didn’t he wait then until he talked with me…to fill him in on the details?”
“You know Richie, Bean.”
“Yeah, I know him all right!”
“What’s wrong?” 
“Johnny B, fat Peter’s out! He was up at the house a little while ago.”
Johnny B visibly flinched at my words and gasped for his next breaths. Those smelling salts might be needed after all, I thought.
“You okay? Relax, man…relax”
“How can I relax when Richie is walking into another thrashing…or worse,” Johnny B said as he breathed in and then out.
“Richie’s a big boy. He won’t do anything stupid,” I replied, believing the former but not too confident of the latter.
“Bean, he’s always doing stupid things…you know that better than anybody else.”
“Yeah…well…true…but what can we do about it now?”
“Call the cops.”
“Call the cops? And tell them what? That our friend went up the block to visit with Red Kern and we’re really worried about him.”
“Maybe you’re right. But don’t you think we should do something?”
“I’m going to tell Mike. Wait here, okay?”
I charged back up the front stairwell and found Mike where I had left him—still thumbing through the newspaper.
“Mike!” I said.
“Calm down, Bean. What’s happened now?”
With Mom within earshot in the kitchen, I appreciably lowered my volume.
“Johnny B told me that he just saw Richie…and that he went up the block to see Red.”
“That guy’s a real piece of work…your friend.”
“We should do something, don’t you think?”
“Take it easy, Bean. There’s no reason to get all worked up. He’ll probably be back in a little while with some grand tale to tell you guys.”
“But maybe we should go up there…you know…”
“Bean, it’s not necessary. Let’s just wait a little while, okay?”
“Yeah, okay, Mike, but with fat Peter on the premises…”
“Bean, I don’t like that look on your face. Don’t do anything foolish like walk up there now…please. Stay away from that place…and from both Red and Peter.”
“Don’t worry, Mike, I’m not going up there,” I said.
“I’ll tell you what. I’ll take my car out and we can drive up the block and look around for your buddy. How does that sound?”
“That’s a great idea!”
“Where’s Johnny B?”
“He’s out front. Mike…and he was close to needing those smelling salts when I told him that fat Peter was on the loose.”
“You better get back to him then. I’ll be right down.”
“Thanks, Mike.”
I ran down the stairs as fast as I had run up them. I found Johnny B sitting on a lower stoop step with his head resting against one of my grandfather’s flowerpots. He was hiding—from exactly who and what I can’t say.
“Johnny B, Mike’s going to take his car out. This way we can drive around and see if we can find Richie.”
“I sure hope we can.”
“Mike was thinking of taking a ride up to Bear Mountain this afternoon. You up for the trip?”
“I guess so, but we’ve got to find Richie first, don’t we?”
“Johnny B, he’s not a missing person. Not yet anyway.”
“Yeah, I know…but we really should find out if he’s all right, don’t you think?”
“Well…that’s the plan.”
I stepped off the stoop and onto the front sidewalk, which furnished me with an unobstructed view up the street. There were people heading down the block and on their way to the eleven o’clock Mass at St. John’s, but no sign of Richie, Red, or Peter.
“I don’t see anybody out front.”
“That doesn’t sound good.”
“What doesn’t sound good?”
“Not seeing anybody.”
“Johnny B, he wouldn’t be yakking with Red or fat Peter in the middle of the sidewalk—no matter what’s happened. So, not seeing him means…not seeing him…that’s all. Stop reading doom and gloom into everything. And I haven’t even had the chance to tell you what happened last night and then this morning at Old Lady Burke’s house.”
“Old Lady Burke’s house?”
“Mike and I went up to see her this morning.”
“What for?”
“She had something big to tell us.”
“Yeah, to stay away from the Kern place and everybody with the last name of Kern. We know that already.”
“It was more than that, Johnny B…a lot more. She said she knows for a fact that Red and Peter were the ones behind that kid’s murder.”
“I knew it, I knew it, and you guys always thought I was crazy for thinking that.”
“I think it was the body buried in the backyard part that didn’t quite add up.”
“Yeah, well, the skull wasn’t found in Vanny, so it’s got to be in the backyard.”
“No, Johnny B, it doesn’t have to be in the backyard.”
“I bet it is…”
“Old Lady Burke told us…now brace yourself, Johnny B…that fat Peter came to her door a while ago and said that he unearthed the skull from where they had buried it in Vanny.”
“She said that?”
“Yeah, she said that all right.”
“So, what better place to bury it in than a backyard covered in weeds.”
“Why would he bring incriminating evidence to his own backyard, Johnny B? That defies reason.”
“But nobody would find it back there.”
“Unless somebody was looking for it. That’s the last place he’d want to hide it. Why not just throw it off the George Washington Bridge and into the Hudson River…and be done with it?”
“But you said Red told you guys last night that he didn’t do it?”
“Yeah, he said he didn’t, and that some kid named Donny Hahn did.”
“The lawyer guy from the neighborhood?”
“You know him?”
“Remember the man who sued my father in that thing with the car?”
“The guy who claimed he was seriously hurt when your father rear-ended him while getting on the Major Deegan?”
“Yeah…and they got into an argument…and he said my father assaulted him. Hahn was the jerk-off’s lawyer.”
“Well, apparently, he also represented the Kern family and still does stuff for Old Lady Burke.”
“Wow…I can’t believe he was involved in that thing.”
“I didn’t say he was, Johnny B. So, please, don’t go spreading rumors that Donny Hahn is a killer or anything like that. He’ll sue you for slander. Old Lady Burke seems to think that it’s all fat Peter’s doing. She said that he and Hahn had a big falling out and that, maybe, he’s trying to tarnish his reputation or something like that. Besides, you can’t have it both ways and believe that Red and fat Peter were the culprits and Donny Hahn.”
My eyes were still glued in the general direction of the Kern house, but I saw nothing out of the ordinary or untoward. When Mike appeared on the top step of the stoop, his car keys jingled in his hand. Johnny B and I followed him into the backyard and watched him pull his busy little vehicle—with its classic “Duster twister” logo—out of the garage.

31
Since Johnny B was the meatier of the two of us by a considerable margin, he was—from where I sat—entitled to ride in the front seat of Mike’s untidy set of wheels. When I pulled back the seat on the vehicle’s passenger side and surveyed my accommodations, I braced myself for an uncomfortable ride. I would be sharing an ultra-tight space with various old newspapers and magazines, several beach towels, two bottles of suntan lotion, a baseball mitt, and even a few empty cans of Black Label Beer.
“Mike, I owe you, man…so how about I clean the inside of your car for you—on the house—one of these days?” I said as I slithered into the back seat.
“Why? You think it needs it?”
“Mike, what exactly goes on in this rattletrap of yours?”
“Bean, I’m really going to have to have that little talk with you…but some other time…not when we’re out looking for your buddy, okay?”
Johnny B and I laughed as the Duster cruised up the alleyway. Immediately upon touching the street’s asphalt, the car veered right and crawled ever so slowly up the block.
“Hey, look, there’s Mrs. Burke standing outside!” Johnny B shrieked. She was in a very familiar location and doing a very familiar thing: on her front stoop and savoring an umpteenth drag from a poisonous pleasure, which she is rarely without.
“I think it’s fair to say that she doesn’t heed those warnings on her cigarette packs,” I said.
“Yeah, like you don’t heed her warnings on keeping away from the Kern place,” Mike replied.
“Har har hardy har har, Mike.”
“Geez…I’d hate to be a lung inside that old woman.”
“Oh, man, Johnny B…now that’s one grody image I’d just assume not think about.”
As we approached both the Burke and Kern homes on opposite sides of us, Mrs. Burke gawked across the street with malice in her eyes. Red was tinkering around in the driveway and, from our vantage point, appeared to be adding new street finds to its two sidewalls. His driveway is sort of an urban museum with new exhibits replacing old ones all the time. I noticed, too, a Big Wheel in the garage. There was no sign, though, of Richie or Peter.
“I see Red’s got a new Big Wheel in his collection. Maybe he’ll ride around in that now instead of the seat-less bicycle,” I said.
“That would be a Kodak moment for sure,” Mike replied.
“Mike, don’t you think we should stop and ask him if he’s seen Richie around?” 
“No, let’s not do that right now. I think it’s best that we don’t have any contact with old Red…at least for the time being.”
“But Mike…we told him we’d be back today to check in on him and see how he was doing.”
“Bean, that promise was made in good faith with the assumption that Peter was out of circulation.”
Mike made a right turn at W234th Street and then a left turn onto Corlear Avenue. We passed by Benjy Thomas’s place.
“I wonder how Benjy’s doing,” I said. “I didn’t get a chance to talk with him yesterday.”
“Yeah, that’s right, we haven’t seen him since Friday night when we dropped off his milk shake,” Johnny B replied.
“Do you think he’s gone back to work?” 
“After what happened to him—no way, José.”
Mike abruptly stopped the car and put it in reverse.
“What’s going on, Mike?” I asked.
“Bean, go ring his bell. Find out how he’s doing. Ask him if he’s up to coming along with us to Bear Mountain…although I doubt very much that he is.”
“Cool, Mike, I’ll do that.” 
Johnny B exited the car, which enabled me to disentangle myself from the back seat, where I had been positioned like the Grinch shimmying down a chimney in Whoville. The two of us trotted up the short pathway and then climbed the several steps to the Thomas family’s front porch. Their main door was open behind a screen door, so I hurriedly pushed the buzzer on the outside. It was a defensive maneuver on my part because I feared—with historical precedent—that Johnny B would bellow at the top of his lungs through the screen door: “Yo, Benjy, you in there!” 
“Hey there, Ellen,” I said when Benjy’s older sister appeared. “Is Benjy around?”
“No, Matt, he’s at work.”
“Man-o-man, he didn’t take much time off to recover.”
“He’s not somebody who can sit around the house for too long…that’s for sure. The doctors told him to take it slow for a while, but he was feeling up to going in for a few hours today”
“Okay, thanks, Ellen. Just tell him we stopped by.”
“I will, Matt. Oh, by the way, did the police call on you guys this morning?”
“No. What police? Why would we get a visit from them?” Johnny B asked with a look of dismay on his face and dread in his voice.
“They stopped by a little while ago to tell us that Peter Kern was out.”
“Yeah, I know. I saw him this morning,” I said.
“He got out last night.”
“Last night!” Johnny B said. “And they don’t come around until now to tell us!”
“Johnny,” Ellen replied, “they said there was really nothing to worry about and that they’d be keeping tabs on him.”
“Nothing to worry about? Yeah…sure…easy for them to say with loaded guns and billy clubs. The guy should have played Norman Bates instead of Anthony Perkins!”
“Take it easy, Johnny B. There really is nothing to worry about, ” I said.
“Bean, you seem to be telling me that all the time these days: Take it easy, Johnny B. Relax, Johnny B. Don’t worry, Johnny B. So, how come there’s always something to worry about?”
“Matt, is that your brother Mike in the car?” Ellen asked.
“Yeah, that’s Mike all right. We stopped by to see if Benjy…maybe…if he was feeling up to it…wanted to come along with us to Bear Mountain this afternoon.”
Upon getting the confirmation that Mike was behind the wheel of the car at the curbside, Ellen completely lost interest in Johnny B and me. She waved his way, which prompted him to get out of the car and walk toward the house.
“Hi, Mike,” she said.
“Ellen, how have you been?”
“Good, Mike…good.”
“How’s your brother doing?”
“He’s back to work…doing fine.”
“That kid’s a real trouper. I thought with a concussion that he’d be under house arrest for a while.”
“It was a mild one, Mike, but…yeah…he should be taking it slow. He promised us that he’d do just light work at the store…and only for a few hours.”
“Mike, the cops came by just a little while ago to tell the Thomas family that Peter is out,” Johnny B said.
“Yeah…so?”
Mike was more interested in Ellen than in this little piece of news, which wasn’t really news because we already knew Peter was a free man. It was newsworthy only because the police took their sweet time in passing on the information.
“Your brother tells me you guys are going up to Bear Mountain?”
“That’s right. We thought Benjy might have wanted to come along if he was still at home and recuperating.”
“That was really thoughtful of you guys.”
“Yeah, well, my little brother sings the praises of Benjy day and night…and then this thing had to happen.”
“Benjy thinks the world of Matt, too.”
“They’re quite a pair…Mets fans no less…two peas in a pod.”
“Is this your day off from the pool, Mike?” Ellen asked.
“Like the Lord, I rest on the seventh day. Sunday is my one and only day off.”
“You’re the best lifeguard they’ve got up there…that’s what I hear.”
“Best at saving people from drowning or best looking?”
“Both, Mike.”
“Really? I’d like to learn more about this scientific survey.”
“I’ve been to the pool a few times this summer.”
“I know you have. I keep a watchful eye on all our clientele—just in case I have to save them…you know…and perform mouth to mouth.”
“Ellen, have you seen Richie Ragusa around?” I asked in the midst of their flirtatious tête-à-tête.
“Richie?”
“Yeah, we’re out looking for him.”
“No…not today. But I saw him last night at the movies. What’s going on?”
“We’re just trying to find him…that’s all.”
“Say, Ellen, you doing anything special this afternoon?” Mike asked.
“Nothing important…why?”
“Care to join us?”
“What? Go with you guys to Bear Mountain?”
“Yeah…how about it?”
“Well, sure, if there will be enough room for me. I wouldn’t want to impose on you guys.”
“There’s plenty of room…right Bean?”
“Plenty, Ellen,” I said with very little enthusiasm.
“That’s a pretty small car you got there, Mike. Four people will be squashed in that thing like sardines.”
Mike shot Johnny B a dirty look.
“Oh, but we’ll manage all right…no problem,” he said sheepishly in an effort to redeem himself.
Johnny B and I then retreated to the front sidewalk, leaving Mike alone with Ellen, a very attractive brunette with blue eyes and not a blemish on her. Benjy strongly resembles his big sister.
“Well, Johnny B, may I take this opportunity to welcome you to the luxurious accommodations of Mike’s infamous backseat.”
“I don’t know, Bean, if I even want to go with you guys now.”
“Come on, Johnny B, don’t bale on me now. I’m going to need somebody to talk to. I have this sinking feeling that Mighty Mike’s going to forget he even has a little brother this afternoon.”
“Yeah, okay, Bean, but aren’t we supposed to be looking for Richie? Something really could have happened to him.”
“Like what?”
“I don’t know—anything. Come on, Peter’s out, and the cops are coming around and telling us that he’s out. That’s pretty hair-raising, don’t you think?”
“Telling us? I didn’t hear from them. Did you?”
“No. But maybe they’re planning to.”
“So, even if they are…what difference does it make? Ellen says they told them what we already know—he’s out…free as a bird. Big deal.”
“Yeah, but he was out and free as a bird last night!”
“That’s funny, Johnny B, because I was certain I heard something in the stairwell right outside the Kern’s basement last night.”
“What are you talking about? You were in their basement?”
“I told you.”
“No, you didn’t!”
“Well, to make a long story short: I was and heard something.”
“This is all so crazy! Heard what?”
“Fat Peter maybe. That had to be him back there, and he knew Mike and I were outside talking with his brother. I bet he wanted us there for some reason to hear Red’s spin on the murder.”
“I can’t believe you sometimes, Bean.”
“Oh, by the way, Johnny B, Old Lady Burke was the one throwing stuff at us in the backyard. She has a key to the Kern house and was inside when we were there.”
“This is no time for stupid jokes, Bean.”
“It’s no joke, Johnny B. You were right. You saw an old lady at the window.”
“It wasn’t Mrs. Burke. Bean, I know what she looks like and she doesn’t have white hair. Stop your silliness.”
“It was her in a Halloween wig.”
“Yeah, right…you expect me to believe that. Come off it, Bean.”
“You said the ugly old hag at the window had bright red lips, didn’t you?”
“Yeah…so what if I did?”
“So, who’s got the brightest red lips in town?”
“Wow, Bean, wow—wow-za, wow-za, wow-za!”
“You okay, Johnny B?”
“Come to think of it…and this is Creepy City…that was Mrs. Burke. The red lips…the bright red lips! Oh…man…I can see her face at that window right now. Wow, it really was her!”
“The plot thickens, Johnny B.”
“Okay, you guys, let’s shake a leg,” Mike said as he returned to the front sidewalk where we were standing. Johnny B and I waved goodbye to Ellen.
“What’s going on?” I asked.
“We’re going to pick her up at 12:30.”
“What about Richie?” Johnny B asked with building tension in his voice.
“We’ll drive around a little more and see if we can find him,” Mike said.

32
“Hey, Mike, I never knew you were such a smooth operator with the ladies.” “Then you haven’t been paying attention, Johnny B. I hope you were taking notes just now.”
“I would have but I didn’t come prepared. I thought we were out looking for Richie—not girls.”
“Johnny B, if you take away one life lesson from this experience, let it be this: Always be prepared to pick up girls.”
“Best looking lifeguard up there, Mike. It seems that somebody’s been admiring you from afar,” I said.
“Yeah, Mike, that someone’s been watching you apply your suntan lotion.”
“We’re going need an ocean…of Coppertone suntan lotion,” I sang
“You guys have a lot to learn.”
“Did you know that Richie has the hots for Ellen?” I said.
“Yeah, well, with all due modesty, I think she lucked out in this instance.”
“You mean by getting a date with you and not Richie?” Johnny B asked.
“That’s kind of what I mean. And I wouldn’t exactly call this a date with you two bozos sitting in the back seat.”
“Mike, if you don’t want us to go along, that’s okay by me,” I said. “It’s your only day off and you should be doing what you want to be doing…not hanging around with the two of us.”
“There’s nobody that I’d rather hang with than you, Bean…so get that through your thick skull.”
“No, really, if you’d rather be alone with Ellen, Johnny B and I wouldn’t mind.”
“That’s right, Mike, we wouldn’t.”
“We wouldn’t want to cramp the style of the best-looking lifeguard at Sprain Brook Pool.”
“Best at everything, Bean,” Mike replied with a chuckle.
“Right, Mike, everything.”
“Look…all four of us are going to Bear Mountain, and we’re going to have a good time—you got that, boys? And besides, Bean, there’s no way I’d leave you on your own today—no way.”
“Oh…man…so that’s it! Come on, Mike, you don’t have to worry about me getting into anymore trouble with the Kern boys—you really don’t.”
“Bean, that’s not it at all. I want to spend the day with you. I always enjoy your company. Is that so hard for you to believe? Your wit and pith never cease to entertain and astound me.”
“Okay…okay…full speed ahead. Where to next, Captain?” 
“Let’s just have a look around. We’ll drive by the Kern place a few times…patrol the nabe.” 
“But what if Richie’s inside somewhere…with Peter. We have to at least find that out, don’t we?”
“Johnny B,” Mike said, “Richie’s not in the house…come on…”
“But he said he was going up there to talk with Red.”
“Yeah, so, is Richie Ragusa a man who always does what he says he’s going to do?”
“Well, I don’t know…I guess not.”
“That was a rhetorical question, Johnny B.”
The three of us returned to the cramped Duster, which was destined to be even more cramped in an hour or so. The backseat locker room and garbage can combo will have to be cleaned up, too, to accommodate a fourth person. Miscellaneous newspapers, magazines, and empty beer cans presently occupied Johnny B’s reserved afternoon seat on the Bear Mountain Express.
Mike drove up to the intersection of W236th Street and hung a left, and then another one, back onto Tibbett Avenue.
“Oh, man…oh, man…look who’s coming up the block!” Johnny B screeched. “Bean, this must be your lucky day!”
“It’s the hunchback on his Sunday morning constitutional,” I said.
“Mike, did you know that your brother has some strange obsession with this guy?”
“What kind of obsession?”
“He’s fascinated by all the weirdoes in the neighborhood and wants to write their life stories someday.”
“Maybe that’s why he’s friends with the likes of you.”
Johnny B appeared wounded by this offhand quip, and Mike immediately realized he had offended him.
“That was a joke, Johnny B. Trust me, I’m truly glad you’re my little brother’s friend. I consider you one, too, and I hope the feeling is mutual.”
“Of course it is, Mike,” Johnny B replied with a beaming, grateful smile. There are no secrets where Johnny B’s feelings are concerned. His facial expressions reveal all.
“Wow…man…what a classic strut that guy has.”
“You see what I mean, Mike?”
As we neared the hunchback walking north on the west side of Tibbett Avenue, Johnny B had a bird’s-eye view of him from the front passenger seat and craned his neck outside the open window. 
“Oh, God…did you guys catch that look he just gave me?”
“Johnny B,” I said, “you had your head out the window like a deranged chicken. You were staring right at him with this unhinged look on your face.”
“I was not.”
“You sure were…and he just stared right back at you, man. What did you expect him to do? Who’s got the obsession around here, Johnny B?”
“I thought you guys were interested in locating the whereabouts of your long lost friend?”
“We are,“ Johnny B said.
“Well, then, keep your eyes peeled for him, okay? The neighborhood freak show will still be in town tomorrow.”
“Bean’s favorite neighborhood freak show.”
From the backseat, I stuck my tongue out at Johnny B and laughed.
We were closing in on the Kern-Burke homesteads again, but on Mrs. Burke’s side of the street this go-round and traveling in a southerly direction. When just about parallel with the Kern’s driveway, we received a visual jolt that measured at least an eight on the Richter scale. Mrs. Burke, Peter, and Red were all assembled there—and they did not look like happy campers. In fact, Mrs. Burke and Peter were in the midst of a heated argument and in each other’s faces. It was a sight to see: the slovenly bullyboy going toe-to-toe with a little old lady wearing ultra-bright red lipstick. 
Mike pulled into the driveway at an accelerated speed, which startled both the threesome standing there and the vehicle’s two passengers. He opened the door and leapt out of the car before it came to a full stop.
“What’s going on here?” he shouted.
“You get the hell out of here, boy! This is none of your goddamn business!” Peter said.
“I’m making it my business.”
“You better get your wheels out of my driveway, buster, or I’ll get it out of here for you! And believe me, you won’t be able to put that junk heap back together again after I get through with it.”
“Mrs. Burke, is everything okay?”
“Yes, Michael, everything is fine. Be on your way,” she said with obvious concern for Mike’s well being.
A captive audience from the car’s interior, Johnny B and I were transfixed. I leaned forward for a first-rate view from the backseat, simultaneously intrigued by what was transpiring and frightened—worried for Mike’s safety above all else. Johnny B’s agape mouth spoke volumes.
While Mike continued his conversation with Mrs. Burke, who told him over and over to get back into his car and be on his way, Peter hastily returned to the garage’s interior and out of sight. Red stood awkwardly and silently on the sidelines the whole time. 
“Hey there, Red, by any chance have you seen Richie Ragusa this morning?” Mike asked as he walked toward the car.
“Haven’t seen hide nor hair of him today, Mike.”
“And how are you doing?”
“I’m okay.”
“How’s the grocery supply?”
“Peter’s taking care of all that now…but thanks for asking.”
“Good.”
“You better be on your way,” Mrs. Burke said again. “Really, Michael, get out of here now.”
“I just want to know what you’re doing here. This doesn’t seem wise.”
“I had a few things that I wanted to get off my chest…and I have.”
“Then you should be on your way, too.”
“I am on my way. Now get your brother and his friend home and out of harm’s way.”
Mike reached for the door handle simultaneous with a police squad car pulling in directly behind the Duster.
“What’s the problem here?” an officer called out the window.
“No problem,” Mike said.
“Is your name by any chance Ragusa or Casale?”
“I’m Mike Casale. What’s the trouble?”
“We just stopped by your places to tell you that Peter Kern is out, but I suspect you already know that?”
“Yeah, I do.”
“Well, we also wanted to tell you guys to keep away from him and this place.”
“That’s my intention.”
“Oh, right, I see that’s your intention, which is why you’re parked in the man’s driveway.”
“That’s it for me—you’re not going to see me around here anymore. I promise you that.”
“Good…now get out of here!”
Peter emerged from the garage with an incensed expression on his face, a crowbar in his hand, and a hankering to make trouble. He was planning on smashing Mike’s headlights, windshield, or worse than that, I suspected. When he spied the squad car parked in the street just beyond the driveway, the fiend froze dead in his tracks.
“Kern, what do you think you’re doing with that?” the officer on the passenger’s side called out the front window while his partner stepped out of the car.
“It’s my property. Is there a law against a man owning a crowbar in New York that I’m unaware of? Well, is there?”
“No, there’s no law against owning one…”
“Maybe you guys want to hear from my lawyer again…about this constant harassment of me and my family. If you don’t, I suggest you pigs take a hike.”
“Mr. Kern, my sole purpose in stopping was to speak with the Casale boy here. I told him—in no uncertain terms—to be on his way and to stay away from you…that’s all,” the officer said with unconcealed contempt in his voice.
“You got a problem with that…us looking out for you?” the officer standing outside the vehicle asked.
“No, I got no problem with that—none at all.”
“Okay, then. Casale, get this wreck of yours off of Mr. Kern’s property! And remember what I told you about bothering this law-abiding citizen.”
“Right away, officer…and I won’t forget.” 
Mike got behind the wheel and switched on the ignition. The cops pulled their squad car up just above the driveway, which permitted Mike to back out. They pulled away in one direction while we headed in another. In the interim, Mrs. Burke had crossed the street and was safely ensconced indoors.
“Mike, man, what’s going on?” I asked.
“I don’t know, Bean.”
“This isn’t good…this isn’t good.”
“What exactly isn’t good, Johnny B?” Mike said.
“Everything about this thing and the cops stopping by your place.”
“They were just letting us know that the guy’s out…doing their jobs.”
“Thank God they didn’t stop at my house. My mom would have freaked.”
“She must think you hang around with some really bad company,” Mike said.
“Yeah, she does.”
“Really…she thinks my brother Bean is bad company?”
“No, not really…well, sort of…I guess.”
“If she thinks Bean is bad company for you, then I’d like to know what she would consider good company. Maybe hanging around with Bambi or Tinker Bell would make her happy.”
“That is a back-handed compliment if ever I heard one, Mike.”
“What do you think he planned on doing with that crowbar?” Johnny B asked.
“Bash our heads in, what else?”
“Bean, that’s not funny—not funny at all. You shouldn’t be making jokes about this mess. It’s serious business.”
“He just wanted to scare us off, Johnny B. That’s what bullies are all about,” Mike said.
“Well, he sure scared me.”
While having this spirited dialogue in the snug interior of Mike’s car, we continued venturing up and down the various neighborhood streets, including a drive through the W231st Street business hub. We passed by the Washington Heights Federal Savings Bank on one side of the street, with the pet shop where I work a couple of storefronts up from it, and the Episcopalian Church of the Mediator across the way. We spied Pat Mitchell’s, which was pretty quiet and in a between Sunday Mass mode. Soaking up the sun, big cheese Mike, an agreeable leprechaun of a man with an easy-on-the-ear brogue, stood outside in his white apron. We call him “Eh” because he utters very few sentences without one. And the “Eh” factor is kicked up a notch when old Mike’s engaged in store arithmetic, which is either accomplished in his head or, for more involved calculations, furiously scribbled on a paper bag. 
As we continued down to Broadway, the other Mike, my brother, briefly considered picking up some tasty desserts at Shelvyn’s Bakery for our impending trip, but decided against it because the place appeared pretty crowded. Taking a number is the first order of business before getting served in there on a Sunday morning. 
After bypassing the bakery on the north side of the street and Riviera Pizza—Sam’s chief competitor—on the south side, Mike turned right under the El, which took us past our neighborhood’s five and ten: Woolworth’s.
“There’s Richie, guys!” Johnny B said with such zeal that he leapt out of his seat and cracked his head on the car’s interior rooftop.
“Are you okay, Johnny B?” Mike asked as he pulled over to the curbside.
“I’m fine…but look, you guys…there’s Richie!” he said again while pointing to a young couple making out in Woolworth’s delivery entrance alcove.

33
Parked slightly to the south of the necking pair—and not in any way, shape, or form interfering with their passionate exchange—Mike, Johnny B, and I stared in their general direction. Courtesy of their cozy positioning, though, we were unable to make a positive identification.
“Johnny B, are you sure that’s Richie?” I asked.
“It’s him all right. I saw his face as clear as day.”
“All I see now is this chick’s rear end.”
“Yeah, that’s Barbara Lee’s rear end. She works with Richie at McDonald’s.”
“That’s who he went out with last night.”
“Man, you’d think he could have at least waited until this afternoon. Wasn’t last night enough for him?”
“Yeah, assuming that is him snuggled in that doorway, I’d say the Kern saga is completely off his radar. Only twenty-four hours ago, he was so keen on what was going on in Kern City…but not anymore by the looks of things.”
“Are you two guys finished? Bean, I really do need to sit down with you and discuss certain facts of life. Why don’t we just leave the guy be?” Mike said. “It looks to me as if he’s in one piece and everything’s in working order. Satisfied now that he’s not in any imminent danger?”
“Yeah, I am,” I said. “Let’s split.”
“How about you, Johnny B? Satisfied that we’ve accomplished our morning mission?”
“But you guys don’t even believe it’s him.”
“Johnny B, I’m convinced.”
“I am, too,” Mike said. “Let’s get out of here.”
“I can’t believe he’s doing this now…on a Sunday morning…and out in the open like this…on Broadway no less. What a dirty dog!”
“Doing what exactly?” Mike asked.
“You know what.”
“Johnny B, I know we can’t buy beer around here until noontime on Sundays, but I really don’t think Richie is breaking any laws. And I’d hardly say that he’s out in the open.”
“Anyone who walks by can see him. Passing cars can see him. So can people from the subway platform. That’s a lot of exposure, Mike.”
“He’s not exactly making love on the hood of a parked car, Johnny B. Most of the locals around here have seen this kind of thing before. We live in the Bronx, not Amish Country.”
The couple we had our eyes fixed on at long last came up for air and all concerned could finally make that elusive ID. Johnny B was correct. It was Richie and Barbara. 
“Well, there, you see! Like I told you,” Johnny B said proudly.
“There he is all right. Any and all lingering doubts have been removed,” Mike replied.
“Let’s split before he sees us,” I said.
“Are you serious, Bean?”
“Yeah, why wouldn’t I be? He’ll have a cow if he sees us staking him out like this.”
“We have to talk to him and get the story.”
“The story of what?”
“Bean, what do you think? Of what went on at the Kern’s! Isn’t that why we’re looking for him?”
“Some other time, Johnny B. We found him. He’s okay. And he’s got other things on his plate right now.”
“Hey there, Richie!” Johnny B shouted out through the driver’s side window.
His bellow caught everybody by surprise—both those of us inside the car and the young lovers now holding hands and peering into a Woolworth’s display window. Richie pirouetted and grimaced when he spotted Mike’s car and Johnny B awkwardly craning his head, neck, and entire body toward the window. He was practically on Mike’s lap.
“Wait here. I’ll just be a minute,” Richie said to Barbara. At least that’s what my amateur lip reading skills deciphered. With a serious scowl on his face, he jogged over to the car. 
“What’s going on?” Richie asked.
“We’ve been looking for you—that’s all,” Johnny B said.
“What the hell for?”
“Because you told me you were going up to Red’s place.”
“Yeah, so what if I did?”
“Peter’s out. I bet you didn’t know that? 
“No, I didn’t…but so what if he is?”
“What happened up there?”
“Nothing happened, Johnny B. I didn’t stop by the house and never had any intention of dropping in on the Cream Sam Man this morning.”
“You never had any intention to?” I called out from the backseat. “Then why’d you tell Johnny B you were going up there?”
“Look here putz number one and putz number two, I don’t need to account for my every movement with you bozos.”
“Richie, you’re absolutely right on that score,” Mike said. “We’ll see you around.”
“Yeah, see you around.” 
Richie turned his back to us and briskly walked over to Barbara.
“Hi there, Barbara,” Johnny B shrieked. “How’d you like the movie last night?”
Red-faced, she awkwardly waved back but chose not to supply Johnny B with a movie review.
“Johnny B, I guess that means she didn’t like Corvette Summer,” I said.
“She could have at least given me her opinion. I want to know if it’s any good.”
Richie grabbed Barbara’s hand and the twosome took off in the opposite direction past the Dale Card and Gift Shop, Dale Camera, and the Fine Fare supermarket, which used to be the Grand Union.
“This all turned out well,” I said.
“Yeah, very well” Mike replied.
Mike pulled his car back into the Broadway traffic, which was very light on this warm Sunday morning. Simultaneous to our taking off, a Manhattan bound Number 1 train came to a screeching halt in the W231st Street station directly above us.
“I can’t hear a word you’re saying, Johnny B.”
“I’m saying,” he repeated very loudly, “that Richie is chump change—a major stinkeroo.”
“Yeah, I think that’s been established beyond a reasonable doubt.”
“Come now, boys, I’m really surprised at you. Cut your old friend a little slack here—the man’s in love.”
“But Sunday morning in front of Woolworth’s, Mike…”
“Would you quit with that line, Johnny B?” Mike said. 
“What line?”
“This Sunday morning sin routine. I never knew you were so prudish.”
“I’m not prudish.”
“Really?”
“It’s Sunday, Mike…that’s all.”
“Sunday? What—no fun and frolic allowed on Sundays?”
“Well…it’s Sunday morning.”
“Never on a Sunday…a Sunday…a Sunday,” I began singing.
“Oh, I got you, Johnny B. But you didn’t seem to mind me talking with Ellen Thomas and inviting her to join us today.”
“Why would I mind that?”
“Sunday morning, Johnny B. I was flirting with a member of the opposite sex out in the open.”
“Yeah, but you weren’t doing what Richie was doing.”
“If you only knew what I was thinking.”
“I think you ought to quit while you’re ahead, Johnny B,” I said.
“When was he ever ahead, Bean?” 
“Very funny.”
“At least we can rest easy now and enjoy the wilds of Bear Mountain. Richie’s not in Peter’s guillotine,” I said.
“I just can’t believe him sometimes.”
“I know, Johnny B, I know.”
“Why did he tell me he was going up there in the first place?”
“Because he gets off in tormenting you…that’s why. You should know that by now.”
“Look at all the trouble he’s caused us the last few days.”
“A mother lode of it.”
“Boys, I have a proposition. What do you say to no more Richie Ragusa talk for the rest of the day?” Mike said. 
“Sounds good to me.”
“Yeah, I don’t even want to think about him,” Johnny B said.
“Okay then, if I hear his name mentioned in my presence, the guilty party’s getting booted from the car, and I don’t care if we’re driving over the Bear Mountain Bridge. You got that, fellas?”
“Understood,” I said.
“I won’t mention Richie’s name—that’s a promise, Mike.”
Mike abruptly pulled the car into the loading driveway of the Kingsbridge Station, our local post office on Broadway and W230th Street.
“What’s going on?” I asked.
“Okay, Johnny B…out of the car…now!”
“What? Why?”
“You spoke the man’s name…and you promised me that you wouldn’t.”
Johnny B looked confused.
“Are you serious?” he asked.
Mike shook his head in the affirmative and Johnny B reached for the door handle. He then began laughing, ushering in a trend that even infected Johnny B, the joke’s victim.

34
Mike dropped Johnny B off in front of his house and, rather than make a u-ey, drove up the block one more time to see what—if anything—was happening at the Kern’s. Apparently, Kern-watching had become something of a fixation for him, too. I was not alone. When we passed by, Red stood at the bottom of his driveway ravenously chomping on a Dagwood-sized sandwich. A large bottle of Pepsi rested on the ledge beside him.
“Looks like old Red’s finishing off the cold cuts you bought for him yesterday,” Mike said.
“That would be nice if he is. I’d hate to think that I squandered my paycheck for naught.”
“That was a pretty hearty looking sandwich he had there.”
“Peter must have visited the deli counter for some extras. I didn’t buy Red any Swiss cheese and I think I spotted some on that sandwich.”
“He sure won’t starve to death.”
“I think that was the Pepsi I got for him. Maybe he’ll make a piggybank out of it after he finishes it.”
“You want me to back up the car and see if Peter’s at home? You can collect what’s owed you.”
“Yeah, that’s right. Red said he would pay me back when things got back to normal.”
“Okay, then,” Mike said.
He shifted the car into reverse and floored the gas in one fell swoop. We were parallel with the Kern’s front gate—just above the driveway and out of Red’s sight—in a nanosecond.
“What’s going on, Mike? I wasn’t serious!”
“You weren’t, Bean? You mean you don’t want to talk with Peter now and recoup your money?”
“No, man. I don’t want to talk with him now or ever. Mike, have you completely freaked?”
Mike started laughing. I had been had. First Johnny B, and now me. I should have known better, but sometimes things that are so obvious in retrospect, even several moments later, are not so in the thick of things. How could I have believed—even for a split second—that Mike really thought I wanted to confront Peter and collect grocery monies owed me? But I did.
“Sorry about that, Bean.”
“Mike, what’s with you this morning? The practical jokester in you is working overtime. I can’t believe I fell for that.”
“I don’t know, but maybe this whole business with the Kerns has gotten to me, too. But, really, I’m taking a page out of your book.”
“My book?”
“You’re the funny one in the family who is always injecting—what’s that word you like to use—into serious situations?”
“A little levity?”
“Levity, that’s it.”
“I had this nun, Sister Hanna, for history last year. She thought the movie 1776 contained ‘much too much levity’ to be considered anything near a true historical rendering.”
“Yeah, well, I think she was on to something. I suspect the Founding Fathers didn’t break into song quite as often as depicted in the movie.”
“I will concede that point, Mike.”
“Bean, didn’t we see that at Radio City?”
“I saw it there on a St. John’s class trip. It was the movie shown with their Christmas show in 1972.”
“You never cease to amaze me with that wealth of trivia at your fingertips.”
“It’s kind of a curse sometimes.”
“So, 1972, you were in what grade?”
“If my math is correct, the fifth grade.”
“That would have put me in the eighth. But I don’t remember the older grades going down there at Christmas.”
“Maybe you were a chaperone or something. Man, those were really fun trips…the whole grade traveling on the subway down to Radio City. Everything seemed so much more exciting back then. Simpler times,” I said.
“Yeah, that wide-eyed innocence is no more. Now, Bean Pole, you find your excitement elsewhere.”
“Don’t remind me.”
“One thing, though, I appreciate the Rockettes a lot more today than when I was in the fifth grade.”
“Why doesn’t that surprise me, Mike.”
“Bean, you’ve got my number.”
Mike made a right turn at W234th Street, and then another right onto Corlear Avenue. We completed the block circle and were upstairs in our apartment just as the clock struck twelve. 
“Hey, what do you know? Richie’s a free man with respect to the Johnny B Code of Ethics,” Mike said as he and I turned into our bedroom.
“What do you mean by that, Mike?”
“Why, Bean, it’s officially Sunday afternoon. Richie can now neck like heck with his girlfriend without offending the Lord and Johnny B.”
“Well, I’m not quite certain that necking is okay by Johnny B—no matter the time of day.”
“I fear you may be right.”
“He really is a prude.”
“And what about you?”
“What about me?”
“You seemed pretty annoyed with Richie last night…and today for that matter.”
“I was…but it wasn’t because he had a date or anything like that.”
“Oh, come on, don’t lie to your big brother. I think that was part of it.”
“Part of what?”
“Girls breaking up the old gang…the old order of things.”
“What do you mean by that?”
“Ah, forget it. Never mind about that now. We could grab a bite to eat before we go or get something up there. You make the call.”
“I’m not famished after my hearty breakfast. I could wait a bit for lunch.”
“Do you think Johnny B will go for that?”
“Mike, he’s got to eat his lunch at the noon hour or he can’t function.”
“Even though he’s a neurotic prude, I’ve always liked Johnny B.”
“You used to call him ‘Honest John,’ remember?”
“That’s right. He always struck me as a genuine kid—no pretenses.”
“He is all that.”
“I just hope his mother lets him tag along. She’s an odd duck, isn’t she? Anybody who would think you’re a bad influence as a friend…”
“Yeah, Mike, she really doesn’t like me. It used to bother me a lot, but she doesn’t like anybody that he hangs out with. I think, though, with you being the scout leader supervising the trip, she’ll sign his field-trip permission slip.”
“What makes you think she likes me? I’m the guy who hangs out in bars, doesn’t go to Mass on Sundays and, worse than all that, picks up girls wherever and whenever he gets a chance.”
“You are all that Mighty Mike and then some,” I said. “You’re renowned around these parts…especially with the old timers. As they see things, you’re a hard-working, respectable young man who looks out for his family and friends.”
“That’s a scary thought. I’ve got to work on my reputation then.”
“Work on it? How so?”
“I don’t know. Maybe it would be better off to be thought of as a complete ass, like Riche Ragusa.”
“Oh, that reminds me, I’ve been meaning to ask you about T. Sauce…you know…and about what Richie’s been saying to him? You brought that up yesterday…remember…about me?”
“Forget about it, Bean…it’s no big deal.”
“Yeah, but it seemed to really bother you.”
“Well, it bothered me because I’ve always thought Richie was a total jerk. I’m surprised you guys have remained friends for so long.”
“But you’ve always been tight with T. Sauce.”
“Yeah, that’s right, but he’s not Richie—just like you’re not me. Richie’s a spoiled brat with a big mouth. He’s the baby of that family in more ways than one.”
“Mike, why do you suppose Mr. Ragusa doesn’t want Richie working at the fruit store with him?”
“This unsolved mystery preoccupies you beyond reason.”
“I guess it does…sort of…because T. Sauce works there full-time in the summer and so do some of Richie’s cousins who are the same age as him.”
“Mr. Ragusa’s got his own ideas. I really don’t know, Bean.”
“Did you and T. Sauce ever talk about it?”
“Yeah, we did a couple of times.”
“What did he say?”
“He says that his father has his reasons—that’s all. You know the Ragusas, Bean. They’re a real secretive family. I know you’re a writer of the future and interested in all these unanswered questions but, after a while, I just threw up my hands and said: ‘Who gives a damn! I’m done with broaching that subject.’”
“You’re right about that secretive thing with them. There are certain areas where we just cannot tread. Omerta.”
“Maybe Mr. Ragusa just can’t bear the thought of being cooped up ten, twelve hours with his bratty son.”
“Now that would be the simplest explanation, Mike.”
“So, Johnny B thinks you’re obsessed with all of these weird neighborhood characters.”
“Yeah…he says that I look them over like a birdwatcher does rare species of birds.”
“You kind of do. I’ve noticed that through the years. Even when you were a little kid, you were fascinated by certain people and certain things…beyond the norm.”
“Like the hunchback?”
“Yeah, like the hunchback.”
“I am strange…I guess.”
“I’d say unique is a better word. Yeah…well…time to clue the old folks in on our plans.”
“Mike, do you think we should bring our bathing suits?”
“It is pretty hot outside, but I really wasn’t thinking about swimming today. Bring the trunks. If we decide to go swimming, we do. If not, no harm done.”
“I’ll call Johnny B and tell him.”
“I’ll give Ellen a buzz, too. But first things first: Let’s get our field-trip permission slips from Mom and Dad before we make another move.”
Mike and I found our parents seated at the kitchen table and enjoying a light lunch consisting of things that physically repulse me—like stinky cheeses and gelatinous tomatoes swimming in pungent vinegar. He informed them of his plans to whisk me away to Bear Mountain State Park for the afternoon. They seemed genuinely relieved. After all, the police had just rung the doorbell and told the folks that Peter Kern was back in the saddle. Wisely, Mike neglected to tell them about his driveway encounter with the man a short while ago. In fact, we both played dumb, behaving as if we were hearing the news for the first time. 
Mike occasionally gets serious lip from Mom and Dad, but it’s more the exception than the rule. He is largely respected and trusted by the family elders. Granted, they aren’t always happy with the late hours he sometimes keeps, the amount of beer he frequently imbibes, and those infamously long showers he regularly takes. His perceived smart-aleck attitude, too, causes fireworks every now and then. But when all is said and done, I believe, the folks feel that I am in good hands with Mighty Mike—like Allstate Insurance. 

35
Mike made good time in getting us to Bear Mountain State Park in one piece. An educated guess on my part is that he surpassed the speed limit a time or two on I-87, the Palisades Interstate Parkway, and on the hodgepodge of side roads en route. I couldn’t see the speedometer from the backseat, which I shared with Johnny B and his little cooler stuffed with sandwiches, sodas, and fruit that he insisted on keeping on his lap, instead of in the car’s trunk, just in case he got hungry along the way. Ellen Thomas sat beside Mike in the front and was a real Chatty Cathy during the trip. I never knew her to be so talkative.
Rising up from the Hudson River’s west bank, Bear Mountain is an impressive piece of earth. It’s about a fifty-mile ride from Kingsbridge and the street that both the Casales and Kerns call home, not to mention the Ragusas and the Bauers, too. The river gets pretty narrow as one travels north beyond the Tappan Zee Bridge, which we crossed on our expedition. In our neck of the woods, the Hudson is extremely wide and—with the notable exception of the Palisades in New Jersey—heavily built up along its banks. It has always fascinated me how there are vastly different worlds and lifestyles the proverbial stone’s throw away from our urban enclave. After a mere hour or so of driving, the gritty big city that we lived in seemed so very far away. We were now in what is considered upstate New York and gazing upon an endless expanse of mountainous green.
Although it was a pretty hot day, we democratically voted down an afternoon of swimming. We briefly considered calling on Lake Welch, one of the many lakes in this sprawling state park, but Mike, who works six days a week at a swimming pool during the summer months, opted for both a change of scenery and change of pace. The rest of us fell in line with his wishes. We were, after all, in the midst of rambling mountains with innumerable trails into the forestland, so it seemed that an afternoon of anything but hiking was a bad idea. After unanimously agreeing on our itinerary, the second order of business involved convincing Johnny B not to bring his heavy plastic cooler with him, which wasn’t an easy task. Johnny B can be pretty stubborn sometimes.
“Johnny B, we’re going hiking, so it’s really best that you don’t lug that thing around,” Mike said.
“Long hikes make me thirsty, Mike. And it’s really hot out.”
“Take a few things in a little cooler bag like the rest of us. You don’t need to be carrying around that delicatessen you’ve got there.”
“Yeah, Johnny B, you have enough food in that thing to last the week,” I said.
“Well, what if we get lost or something?”
“We’re not climbing Mount Everest.”
“Johnny B, we’ll only be hiking on trails—a few miles in and then back,” Mike said. “Trails that I’m familiar with, too.”
“And, besides, if we do get lost, Mike can build us a trap and catch us our supper. Did you know that he’s a decorated boy scout?”
“I didn’t know that about you,” Ellen said.
“There’s a lot you need to learn then.”
“Mike’s an eagle scout.”
“That’s true, Bean, I am. I’ll tell you what, Johnny B: If we can’t find our way back and nightfall is approaching, I promise you that I’ll rub two sticks together and start an SOS fire, okay? So, really, there’s no need to worry about not getting back to your cooler by dark.”
“You two guys should be a brothers’ comedy team or something, you know that?”
“Like the Smothers Brothers?” I said.
“No, like the Marx Brothers!”
“The Marx Brothers were a threesome…or a foursome if you count Zeppo.”
“I know that, Bean.”
“So, why’d you say we’d be a comedy team like them?”
“Come on, Johnny B, we’re just having a little fun with you,” Mike said.
“Oh, okay…I guess you guys are right…since we’ll be doing all that walking.”
At long last, a fair compromise was reached where Johnny B packed a small cooler bag—Mike had a spare—containing sufficient food and drink to hold him over for the several hours that we planned on parading through the woods, but—granted—insufficient fare if we got hopelessly lost in the wilderness for days on end.
Before making our way into the forest green, our group of four enjoyed lunch at a concession area near the river’s edge. I had a hamburger, French fries, and a root beer; Mike, two hotdogs smothered in mustard, onion rings, and a beer without the root—Schaefer Beer as a matter of fact. Ellen had eaten something before we hit the road, she said, and was on some sort of a diet—at least that’s what I heard her tell Mike during the car ride. I don’t know why she’s on a diet? She looks pretty svelte to me, and to Mike, apparently, who was periodically holding her hand and lightly touching everything from her hair to cheek to leg throughout the drive. Ellen ordered only a small orange soda that she didn’t come near finishing. Johnny B, meanwhile, who had already eaten at home—and who had brought his own concessions—nonetheless liked the looks of my fries so much that he took full advantage of my offer to help himself to as many as he wanted. When all was said and done, he ate more of them than I did. Mike even handed over to him some of his onion rings. 
While we didn’t see any bears on our hike into Bear Mountain, which was okay by us, Johnny B worried for a spell that his bologna sandwich might attract one. Eventually, even he got caught up in the hiking adventure. Some of the views were mind-boggling. On very clear days, the New York City skyline—with the prominent Empire State Building and the Twin Towers—is visible to the south. Today, though, there was entirely too much haze in the air for that distant spectacle, but we nonetheless saw plenty—layers and layers of mountains extending for as far as the eye could see.
Despite looking an awful lot at one another, Mike and Ellen appreciated the spectacular views from the mountain trails, too. We didn’t get back to the car until nearly seven o’clock. I was hungry again, but the trouper in me agreed to wait it out. Mike suggested that we stop for pizza somewhere on the return trip. Johnny B had kept himself energized during our hike, so—in stark contrast with mine—his stomach was satisfied and silent. 
By the looks of things, Mike and Ellen were officially boyfriend and girlfriend. As the day wore on, they got closer and closer and more comfortable with one another. Mike even asked his little brother to “make like a tree and leave” on a couple of occasions—and to take his pal with him for a few minutes—so that he and Ellen could enjoy some fleeting moments of privacy in the wilds of Bear Mountain.
In good spirits on the return trip, we sang songs, including the Schaefer Beer jingle: “Schaefer is the one beer to have when you’re having more than one. Schaefer’s pleasure doesn’t fade even when your thirst is done.” We found a pizza joint somewhere near the Tappan Zee Bridge after we crossed over it into Westchester County. I was so hungry by then that the pizza tasted like the best I’d ever eaten, although it definitely wasn’t. That honor is reserved for Sam’s. Johnny B ate three big slices, which was more than Mike and I had. Ellen pulled a slice off the pie but did more gouging of it than eating it. At one point, Mike fed Ellen a piece of his pizza, which prompted Johnny B and me to exchange meaningful glances and mime barfing.
When we exited the Major Deegan Expressway at Van Cortlandt Park South—W240th Street in my book—it was well after nine o’clock. We passed under the El to the Corlear Avenue intersection, which placed us at the southeast boundaries of Gaelic Park and what has been dubbed “the world’s longest bar.” Although it’s probably not Guinness World Records material, it is pretty big. 
After hanging a left onto Corlear Avenue, Mike pulled into the Thomas’s driveway a few blocks away. He exited the car and escorted Ellen to her front door. While exhaling a huge sigh of relief, Johnny B climbed out of the back. Since he would be the next one out, he plopped down on the front passenger seat.
“Man, was that ever a tight fit back there,” Johnny B said.
“Truer words have never been spoken.”
“Yeah, but it was far out trip. Don’t you think so, Bean?”
“That place is awesome! We could spend months hiking around in there…it’s endless. But now were back in the Bronx…and Kern City.”
“Don’t remind me.”
“Okay, I won’t remind you, Johnny B.”
“Ha ha.”
“I don’t know about you, but I didn’t think about Red, Peter, or Old Lady Burke once while we were up there.”
“Yeah, but now we’re back and I can’t help but think about them—all of them.”
“Back to reality for sure.”
“Something’s burning around here, Bean. You smell it?”
“Yeah, I smelled it as soon as we turned onto Corlear.”
“Man, what’s Mike doing up there? How long does it take to walk somebody to their front door and say goodnight?”
“What do you think is taking him so long, Johnny B?”
“Oh…right…excuse me.”
“One doesn’t rush James Best.”
“You mean ‘Mike Best,’ don’t you?”
“James Best is an actor, Johnny B. He played Jim Lindsey the guitar player on the Andy Griffith Show, remember?”
“I remember, but I still don’t know why you called Mike ‘James Best’?”
“Never mind.”
As we patiently waited for Mike, Johnny B and I made further futile small talk. We were both pretty tired and could have actually walked home and back in the time Mike allotted to saying goodnight to Ellen.
“Hey there, Mike, we thought you got lost or something?” I called out to him as he approached the car after what had been at least fifteen minutes.
“I’ll tell you all about it when we finally have that long overdue little talk of ours.” 
Mike got into the car, turned the ignition key, and revved the engine.
“Hey, wait up, Mike,” Johnny B said, “Benjy’s just come out.”
Benjy charged down his front steps and the pathway leading to the sidewalk and the adjoining driveway where we were parked.
“Hold up…hold up…wait a minute, you guys,” he shouted. 
“What’s the trouble, Benjy-boy?” Johnny B asked.
“Big news to report from the Kern place.”
“Oh, God, I knew it…I knew it. This thing is never going to end!”
“There was a fire over there this afternoon.”
“Is that what we’re smelling now?” I said
“Yeah, and the cops were over here asking me all kinds of questions. They’ve been looking for you guys.”
“Looking for us? What for?” Mike said.
“They just want to ask you some questions.”
“Oh, man…oh, man…oh, man. I hope they didn’t ring my bell. My mother would have totally freaked.”
“Relax, Johnny B,” Mike said. “There’s nothing to worry about. We haven’t committed any crime.”
“Oh, right, there’s never anything to worry about when the Casale brothers are on the scene. Don’t worry, Johnny B. This has got nothing to do with us, Johnny B. Everything’s going to be hunky-dory, Johnny B.”
“What went on with you guys and that old lady from across the street?”
“Old Lady Burke?” I asked.
“Yeah, the cops think she might have started the fire.”
“She doesn’t strike me as an arsonist,” Mike said.
“They wanted to know what you guys were doing at her place this morning.”
“Oh, God, I think I’m going to die.”
“Do me a big favor, Johnny B, and at least wait until you’re out of my car for that, okay?”
“This isn’t a joke, Mike.”
“I wasn’t joking.”
“Benjy, was anybody hurt?” I asked.
“I don’t think so. I saw Peter and Red standing outside after the fire was put out. It didn’t destroy the whole house or anything close to that.”
“Well, I guess it’s time for us to face the music. We’ll see you around, Benjy…and thanks for the heads-up,” Mike said.
“No problem.”
“Yeah, thanks Benjy. Are you going to be around tomorrow?”
“I’m working a few hours in the afternoon. Let’s hook up afterwards.”
“I’m doing an eleven to three shift at the pet shop…assuming that I’m not in some youth detention center.”
Benjy and Mike laughed while Johnny B cast me the dirtiest look. We pulled away and turned right onto W234th Street.
“I don’t see anything funny about all of this…like the two of you,” Johnny B said.
“You know what, Johnny B, you’re right,” Mike replied. “There really is nothing funny about this whole mess.”
“Then why do you have that big grin on your face?”
“Maybe it’s because I’m thinking about the voluptuous Ellen Thomas, okay?”
“Maybe you should start thinking about what you’re going to tell the police, Mike.”
“I’m going to tell them the truth, Johnny B.”
“And the truth shall set us free,” I said.
“You two beat everything, you know that.”

36
When we turned the corner onto the street where our mail is delivered, a flashing light and an exceptionally strong scent of fire welcomed us. Although it appeared that everything was under control, and the operation wrapped up, a solitary fire truck and a lone police squad car remained in the vicinity of the Kern house. We detected smashed up windows on the first floor with the telltale residue of searing hot flames—black char—surrounding them on the exterior brick face. The top floor windows looked as they always did. Apparently, New York’s Bravest had gotten the blaze under control before it reached the upstairs rooms. It was nighttime, so our passing view of the crime scene was less than ideal. The fire truck’s flashing light, a nearby streetlight, and a waxing gibbous moon supplied us with just enough illumination.
After crawling past the Kern’s, Mike kicked it up a notch until we reached Johnny B’s driveway. When we pulled in, Mrs. Bauer awaited her son’s return on the front sidewalk. 
“Baby…oh, Baby…are you okay?” she cried as Johnny B stepped out of the car. Mrs. Bauer proceeded to look him over as if he’d been held hostage and just released from an extended captivity.
“I’m fine, Mom…I really am. What’s going on?”
“Did you know the cops were here looking for you?”
“Yeah, Benjy Thomas just told us they were asking everybody questions.”
“And they wanted to know the whereabouts of those two in there! I should have never let you go with them,” Mrs. Bauer said with malevolence in her tone. For added effect, she made a sweeping hand gesture toward the car, its driver, and the remaining passenger—me.
“I’m sorry, Mrs. B, but we were at Bear Mountain this afternoon,” Mike replied from his captain’s perch behind the wheel of the car.
“I don’t know what you guys have been up to, but I never liked my Johnny hanging around with that brother of yours. He’s always been a troublemaker and wiseacre.”
“Just wait a minute there, Mrs. B. My brother is anything but a troublemaker. Careful how you toss that term around! Wiseacre, maybe.”
“This is one stinking mess…and we have him to thank for it!” Mrs. Bauer said while angrily motioning in my general direction.
“Calm down, Mrs. B. Get your facts straight! My brother didn’t have anything to do with the fire. He was with me and your son Johnny—all day long as a matter of fact—and nowhere near that house.”
“Mom, really, Mike’s right. None of this is Bean’s doing. Richie Ragusa’s the one who started all the trouble.”
While I was pleased to hear Johnny B put in a good word for me, I thought assigning Richie total blame—considering all the twists and turns of the last few days—was a bit much and not wholly accurate. I truly wanted to say a few words on my own behalf, but found myself tongue-tied. And the fact that I was still scrunched up in the backseat—the antithesis of a bully pulpit—didn’t help matters. 
“Good night, you guys,” Johnny B said. “And thanks, Mike, for a great day.”
“Good night, John Boy…and you’re welcome. Let’s do it again sometime—real soon,” Mike replied with irony and the satisfaction of knowing that he’d just zinged the hysterical Mrs. Bauer.
“I’ll see you tomorrow, Bean.”
“Yeah, Johnny B, I’ll keep you posted.”
“No, you won’t see him tomorrow, and you won’t keep him posted about anything anymore!” Mrs. Bauer said as she literally dragged her son up their front path and steps.
“Bean, this will all blow over. It really will…and soon.”
“Wow, Mike, that woman’s got me down as Public Enemy Number One.”
“Don’t let it get to you. She’s always been an infuriating ditz.” 
“You think I’m a wiseacre, Mike?”
“No, I just thought it was funny that Mrs. B called you one.”
“I wish I could find it funny.”
“One day you will, Bean, trust me.”
Mike backed the car out of the driveway. When we reached our alleyway, the stoop sitters hadn’t yet retired for the night. My mother was there and so was Mrs. Ragusa. But it was the others in attendance who gave me pause. My father, Mr. Ragusa, and Richie hanging out together at night on the front stoop was not only a first but also, I felt, a harbinger of bad tidings.
“What do you make of this welcoming committee, Mike?” I said as he pulled his car down the alley and into the backyard.
“It doesn’t look good for us, Bean,” Mike replied with his trademark unflappability. 
My older brother isn’t easily rattled, and the prospect of the police grilling us about being accessories with Mrs. Burke, or whatever it is they had in mind, didn’t faze him in the least. Contrarily, as my pizza repast churned in my nervous stomach, I felt a sense of dread in what lie in store for me—beginning with a cross-examination by this sundry stoop mob. 
Evidently, Dad was not content to wait for Mike to pull his vehicle into the garage, and for the two of us to walk up to the front of the house, which would have taken several minutes tops. He shadowed Mike’s sputtering Duster—in desperate need of a tune-up—into the backyard and began screaming at him the moment he exited the car to open the garage door. 
“Turn down the volume, Dad! I can’t understand a word you’re saying.” 
Mike walked around to the passenger door and opened it for me. While I would have preferred remaining twisted like a pretzel in the backseat, I bowed to reality and wriggled my way out.
“You can’t understand a word I am saying because you don’t want to understand a word I’m saying.”
“Yeah, that makes more sense, Dad. Thanks for the clarification.”
“You two guys…you two guys…are in serious trouble for what you did,” he said.
Matthew Casale, Sr. clearly had more than a few beers in him on this warm Sunday evening in July, which was par for the course. This generally quiet man during weekend mornings and early afternoons invariably has a lot more things to say—and with the volume considerably pumped up—by nightfall.
“Serious trouble for what we did? What exactly did we do?”
“You go up to that old lady’s house this morning and give her all kinds of ideas. How’s that for starters?”
“Dad, you’re raving. What you just said is absolute madness. I don’t know what the hell you are talking about?”
“That woman tries to burn down the Kern place across the street and gets caught with the goods. Then we learn that you two were up there this morning and sneaking out the back way.”
“Hold on here. Let me get this straight. You think your two sons are co-conspirators in committing an act of arson. Is that what you’re saying? You think we got out of Dodge so nobody would suspect us. Dad, do you actually believe what’s coming out of your mouth?”
“Then what were you doing up there this morning? Since when are you guys so friendly with that old woman?”
“Oh, I got you now, Dad. Speaking with Mrs. Burke on a Sunday morning—who sets a fire in the afternoon—naturally makes Matt and me as guilty as sin. Has she fingered us for plotting this crime together? Or is there something I’m missing here? Because if there is, I’d really like to be clued in.”
“Answer the question—just answer it! Why did you suddenly want to get away from the neighborhood this afternoon? You stayed home last night, too. That’s not exactly the norm for you on Saturday nights! And since when do you spend your only day off with your brother?”
“I suddenly wanted to get away this afternoon? Yeah, that’s right, I didn’t go out last night because I was plotting the crime of the century with my little brother and an old lady tippler from up the street. Dad, you’ve got it all figured out. My hat’s off to you. Have you considered moonlighting as Kingsbridge’s Spenser?”
“I don’t want to hear anymore of that sarcastic lip, boy—you got that?”
I stood nervously by during this entire exchange and didn’t utter a word, which made me feel spineless. Furiously, Mike yanked open the garage, got back into the car, and pulled in. I didn’t even glance my father’s way during the minute or so it took Mike to put his set of wheels to bed for the night. When he slammed shut the garage door, Matthew Casale, Sr. abruptly turned away from his two sons and hastily strode up the alleyway. 
“I feel like I’m walking to the gallows,” I said as Mike and I followed close behind him.
“Bean, we haven’t done anything wrong. Let them rant and rave and get it out of their systems.”
“Yeah, but it’s like we’ve been accused of having something to do with setting that fire.”
“It’s not like we have—we have!”
“That doesn’t worry you at all, Mike?”
“It makes me mad—really mad—but it doesn’t worry me…and it shouldn’t worry you either.” 
“I wish I was a little more like you.”
“Yeah, and I wish I was a little more like you sometimes.”
“Here they come. Didn’t I see you two desperados on a wanted poster in the post office?” Richie shouted out as we made our way to the edge of the front stoop.
“What have you two been up to all day?” my mother asked with unsuppressed rage.
“What do you mean: What have we been up to all day? Where do you think we’ve been?” Mike replied.
“You said you were taking your brother to Bear Mountain?”
“Mom, that’s right, I said that, and that’s where we were—all day. We weren’t setting fires either. Ask Smokey the Bear! He can vouch for us. I can’t believe you people—all of you—thinking for a minute that we had something to do with this.”
“The police are looking for you…you know that?”
“So, I’ve heard.”
“They think you two know something about this fire,” Mr. Ragusa interjected.
“Well, we don’t.”
“Then what were you doing up at the old lady’s place this morning? Mrs. Mazzilli says you were sneaking away through her backyard.”
“What does any of this have to do with the fire? We were at Bear Mountain all afternoon. We don’t know who set the fire. We don’t know why it was set.”
“A likely story,” Mr. Ragusa said smugly.
This curt remark infuriated Mike. The fury in his eyes was unmistakable. He said nothing in response, though, which was probably for the best.
“Look, gang, the cops know where to find Bean and me. We’ll be upstairs and getting ready for bed.”
“I told them we’d be down to the station first thing in the morning.” 
“Okay, Dad, we’ll go down to the station first thing in the morning. Do they trust us enough to let us sleep in our own beds tonight? They’re not afraid we’ll hightail it to the Canadian border?”
“Enough with that smart-aleck attitude of yours, Mike,” my mother said.
Mike opened the screen door and entered the front hallway. I listened to him tear up the stairs to our apartment. Unfortunately, I was nearer the bottom of the stoop than the top, and had yet been interrogated by anyone on the scene. Mike had spoken on both of our behalves, and I’d kind of gotten used to that arrangement. I felt awfully vulnerable without him by my side.
“So, what have you been up to, Bean?” Richie asked.
“Oh, nothing much, Richie. How about you?”
“Yeah, sure, what happened at Red’s last night?”
“What are you talking about…at Red’s last night?” my mother said.
I could have strangled Richie right then and there and added to my burgeoning rap sheet. He had violated a confidence. He knew that Mike and I visited Red on the sly. 
“It’s nothing, Mom.”
“I don’t know what you’ve been up to lately, Matt, but I don’t like what I’m hearing one bit.”
“I haven’t been up to anything.”
“All this lying and going behind our backs...”
“Can we talk about all of this inside?” 
“You’re not going to fill me in then, Bean?” Richie said as his parting salvo. I ignored my old friend, reached for the screen door handle, and disappeared from the stoop stage.

37
I can only surmise that my parents’ brains overheated at some point during the afternoon when they became convinced that their sons, Mike and Matt, were the twentieth century equivalents of Frank and Jesse James. I can’t think of any other explanation. In fact, Mike became completely exasperated with the repeat performance that played out in the family living room. With more of the same ludicrous accusations hurled our way, he said a few things that were demonstrably out of character. Employing a couple of one-syllable words, he told Dad where he could go. This oral gut punch plunged the room into stunned silence and prematurely terminated what had become an increasingly frenzied verbal flogging of the two of us.
After landing this piercing blow, Mike retreated to our bedroom without another word spoken. Absent my big brother on the scene—my protector who had absorbed all the slings and arrows that came our way—I quickly followed his lead. 
“Mike, man, I don’t know what to say. I feel terrible about all this. I’m really sorry,” I said as I closed the bedroom door behind me.
“What are you sorry about?”
“About getting you mixed up in this whole mess.”
“You didn’t get me mixed up in anything. I volunteered for this mission—remember?”
“Yeah, I know, but still…if it wasn’t for me…you know…associating with Red and all…none of this would have happened.”
“Yeah, Bean, and if Mr. and Mrs. Kern had never met, had sex, and made a little Red and Peter…none of this would have happened either. It’s not your fault. This is life, little brother. Drama is what you thrive on, isn’t it?”
“Yeah, I’m really thriving on this debacle—can’t you tell?” 
I pulled off my sneakers and then my shirt, which I tossed into a corner on the other side of the room. I had planned on showering before bedtime, but the ever-evolving circumstances altered my normal hygiene regimen. I desired being as inconspicuous as possible until the morning light. I hoped, too, that a good night’s sleep would serve as a soothing tonic for all the troubled souls in the house.
“Dad will get over it, Bean,” Mike said as if he was reading my mind.
“I know he will.”
“Come on…you worry too much…way, way too much. Isn’t that what you always accuse Johnny B of doing?”
“Worrying too much? Yeah, I guess…but he worries about nothing most of the time. This is something.”
“Tomorrow’s another day.”
“Right, tomorrow’s another day. I wonder how many of my family and friends will cast me asunder tomorrow. And then there were none.”
Mike laughed simultaneous with a visibly distraught and teary-eyed Terry bursting into our room without, of course, knocking. 
“What’s the matter, L.T.? Mike asked. L.T. is an acronym for “Little Teresa,” and his personal nickname for her.
“Dad says he’s going to throw you out of the house,” she said between muffled sobs. Mike hugged her tight.
“He’s not going to throw anybody out of the house, L.T. He’s just a little upset right now.”
“I don’t want you to go…”
“I’m not going anywhere, L.T. I promise.”
“You promise?”
“I promise. Swear to God and hope to die.”
“I know you had nothing to do with setting that fire. Why don’t Mom and Dad believe you? I don’t understand.”
“They’re just bent out of shape right now. They’ll see things differently in the morning.”
“Yeah, but what if the police don’t believe you?”
“They’ll believe us. Why wouldn’t they? We didn’t do anything wrong. Now wipe those tears away and let me see that world famous L.T. smile of yours.”
Mike’s soothing words worked wonders—they always do. Terry beamed and kissed her older brother on the cheek.
“I love you, Mike,” she said as she walked across the room and embraced her startled number two brother.
“I love you, too, L.T.” 
“Yeah, Terry, this will all blow over,” I said awkwardly in the clutch of this unprecedented hug from my little sister.
“I love you, Matt,” she replied with a swift kiss on my cheek and rapid-fire exit from our room. 
“Wow, Mike. Will wonders never cease?”
“How’s that?”
“Terry saying she loves me. Who would have thought it possible? What a strange, strange day this has been.”
“Come on, Bean, of course she does.”
“You’d never know it by the way she treats me.”
“She just likes getting under your skin…sort of like Richie does with Johnny B. You’re the perfect foil for her.”
“How am I the perfect foil for her?”
“I don’t know…it’s your quirky personality coupled with a dollop of uptightness, I suppose. A kid sister is going to pounce on that.”
“A dollop of uptightness? Yeah…that’s me…I guess. Honestly, I kind of prefer it when she’s abusing me,” I said. 
As playful payback for my last remark, Mike tossed a pillow across the room at me, which I promptly threw back at him.
“Let’s get to bed, put this day to rest, and see what tomorrow brings.”
“Man, I really should take a shower.” I stared down at the floor and my two very dirty socks covering my two very dirty feet. The socks pulled off my sweaty toes like they were attached with Velcro.
“Then why don’t you take one?”
“I’d just assume not be seen or heard by the angry mob out for blood…until the morning at least.”
“I catch your drift, Bean. I’m employing the same playbook.”
“But Mike, man, we’re filthy. We hiked around for miles this afternoon,” I said as I tossed my shorts into a mounting pile of dirty clothes.
“Yeah, well, we’re roughing it. Let’s pretend we didn’t come home tonight and are camping out in the wilds of Bear Mountain.” 
“I wish we hadn’t come home. In fact, I wish I’d gotten mauled by a bear up there.”
“That’s enough of that kind of talk.”
“Goodnight, Mike.” 
I turned off our ceiling light via a switch at the foot of my bed.
“Goodnight, Bean…goodnight, Daddy…”
“Goodnight, Mama…goodnight, L.T…” 
“Goodnight, everybody.”
While the night was on the warm side, the fan in our window sufficiently cooled the bedroom. Restless sleeps, though, had become something of the norm for me. Whereas I was a fidgety wreck, Mike was softly snoring seconds after lights out and didn’t miss a beat all night long. 
I got out of bed before anybody else in the house and took that much needed and most welcome shower. It felt good to grab hold of a bar of soap and run icy cold water up and down my soiled body. When I exited the bathroom with only a towel draped around my waist, I encountered my mother preparing a pot of coffee at the stove. 
“Good, you’re up,” she said to me as I passed through the kitchen.
“I needed a shower real bad. I didn’t take one last night.”
“Is your brother awake?”
“He wasn’t when I left him.”
“Well, wake him. Tell him to get ready to go down to the station.”
“Mom, it’s not even seven o’clock.”
“Your father told the detective he’d have you both there by eight.”
“By eight?”
“Yeah, that’s right.”
“I hope we get out of there quicker than we did the last time. I have to be at work by eleven.”
“If you do, you do.”
“Mom, you don’t really believe Mike and I knew anything about this fire business? That’s crazy. It really bothers me that you would think that. We tried to tell you last night what we were doing at Mrs. Burke’s yesterday morning, but it was like talking to the wall. We were going out through Mrs. Mazzilli’s alley because Peter Kern was across the street.”
“I believe you, Matt. Now…convince the police.”
“What about Dad?”
“What about him?”
“He seemed exorcised last night.”
“What your brother said to him wasn’t very nice. It wasn’t nice at all.”
“Mike didn’t mean it. It was said in the heat of the moment…that’s all.”
“You know, your father wanted to throw him out of the house right then and there. I had to talk him out of it.”
“Mike will apologize to him…I’m sure of that.”
“He’ll have plenty of time this morning to say he’s sorry. So, go wake him and tell him to shake a leg.”

38
“Dad, I want to apologize for last night,” Mike said as father and son met at the breakfast table. “I just didn’t appreciate being accused of something so asinine as conspiring with an old lady to burn down a neighbor’s house, okay? I said some things that I shouldn’t have said and I’m sorry.”
“You’re going to have to do better than that, Mike.” 
“I said I was sorry and I meant it. What more do you want from me? If you want me to get down on my hands and knees and beg for your forgiveness—you can forget about it.”
“I want you to come clean about all the stuff that’s been going on around here—what you and your brother have been up to the last couple of days.”
“The stuff that’s been going on around here? You mean you want to know if Matt and I have turned to a life of crime, is that it?”
“Give it a rest, Mike.”
“Okay, fine, I’ll be happy to comply with that.”
“You expect me to believe that on Saturday night you stayed home so you could take your brother out for an ice cream cone? Mike, we all know you went up to visit that Kern character. Richie from next door told me all about that last night.”
“Oh, Richie from next door did—now wasn’t that neighborly of him! Come on, Dad, what exactly is so earth shattering about that? We went up there to talk with Red Kern. He had something he wanted to tell us…and he told us. That’s the long and short of it. The guy’s a poor soul.”
“I cannot believe what I’m hearing, Mike. Behind our backs, you and your brother have been running around with this Kern joker and that crazy old lady from across the street. You’ve been feeding us lies on top of lies. And you expect your mother and I to take all of this lying down? 
“That’s a neat play on words, Dad: lies on top of lies and not taking it lying down,” I said. 
My father flashed me a disapproving scowl. 
“I suppose I should have that gay, happy feeling about having to go down to the police station again, Mike.”
“Okay, Dad, I’m sorry. I really and truly am. I didn’t expect that it would come to this. But all Matt and I are guilty of is trying to help out some poor slob from up the street. There’s nothing more to it than that.”
‘There will be no lying to the police—you hear me, Mike! It’s bad enough that you’ve lied to us like you have. You tell them the truth—got that!”
“Of course, Dad. No dissembling from me. I wouldn’t have it any other way—the whole truth and nothing but the truth.”
“You’ve got a real smart mouth, you know that? And one of these days you’re going to go too far with me and find yourself out in the gutter. Maybe they’ll let you sleep on a cot in back of the Pinewood bar—your home away from home!”
“All right, all right…eat your breakfast and get a move on,” my mother said, cutting short the morning fireworks. 
Once again, I remained mostly mute throughout this ill-tempered back and forth and felt guilty about it the entire time. While I sat idly by, Mike fought my battles for me, which wasn’t right considering that this whole sorry mess was my doing. What a wuss I’ve become.
The male contingent of the Casale household started up the block at 7:40—give or take a couple of minutes—which gave us ample time to reach our destination by eight o’clock. Singing their melodious dog days of summer tune, the cicadas sounded especially boisterous on this still and increasingly humid morning. As we neared the Kern place, the post-fire aroma remained potent. To our surprise, Red was on the premises, dolefully standing at the bottom of the driveway and eating what looked to me like a buttered roll. On the wall beside him, a paper coffee cup—with the words “We Are Happy To Serve You”—rested on the sheet of wax paper in which the roll had been wrapped. 
“Oh, God, Mike,” I said.
“Just keep walking, Bean…keep walking.”
I clumsily waved Red’s way and he clumsily reciprocated the gesture. The garage door was wide-open and there was no evident fire damage in its interior. My father looked straight ahead the whole time. Across the street, I spied Mrs. Burke peering out her screen door in a haze of cigarette smoke. Unless I was hallucinating, the old lady with the ultra-bright red lips wasn’t behind bars for committing arson. 
“Mike, did you just see our adoptive grandmother standing by her front door?” I whispered to him.
“Yes, Bean, I did.”
“She’s not in jail then.”
“No, it doesn’t look that way. Perhaps she’s out on bail.”
“Man, we really should have taken an alternate route.”
“Why, Bean, why? Since we’re key players in this off-Broadway production, we might as well relish the drama while we can.”
“Dad might not see it that way,” I said softly.
“No, I suspect he wouldn’t.”
Mike and I chuckled discreetly as we trailed our solemn father, who barely uttered a peep on the entire trip from the house to the police station. In fact, we hung slightly back from Dad the whole time, which enabled us to quip to one another without him eavesdropping. We joked about our storied criminal past and future mug shots. We envisioned ourselves as the guilty parties awkwardly writhing at the end of a Dragnet episode. 
After the much-ballyhooed hype of the prior evening, Detective Suarez didn’t brand the Casale boys “juvenile delinquents.” He didn’t accuse of us of conspiring to commit arson. Much to the chagrin of my father, we weren’t headed to reform school either. Although somebody sure tried to make it look that way—empty gasoline canisters were found under her back porch stairway—the police, too, didn’t believe that Mrs. Burke set the fire, despite the fact that she had access to the Kern place and was a convenient suspect. 
Foremost, Detective Suarez wanted to know why we were at Mrs. Burke’s house yesterday morning, and what exactly we discussed with her. I didn’t hold back any of the minutia that served as the impetus of this curious get-together of ours, including handing over my lunch—two slices of pepperoni pizza—and buying Red a bag load of groceries the previous day at Cold Cut City. This particular back-story morsel of mine visibly irked my father, who was unaware of it because neither his local informant, Richie from next door, nor I had told him about it. As I recounted the details to Detective Suarez, Dad fumed—his seething countenance spoke volumes—but he remained silent. While I suspected my father would have preferred otherwise, Detective Suarez didn’t pass judgment on my actions. He was interested only in finding out if Mike and I knew anything of consequence that he didn’t know. 
We learned that Mrs. Burke had come clean while visiting the precinct last evening. She not only told Detective Suarez that she was his informer, but all she allegedly knew about the Kerns, too, including her husband’s compliance in the post-murder cover-up, as well as her frequent visits to the house to sort things out—or whatever it was she did there beyond throwing rocks and beer bottles at Johnny B and me. Mrs. Burke also filled the detective in on the particulars of the night Peter came to her door and claimed he had exhumed the boy’s skull from the woods of Van Cortlandt Park. 
Our Saturday night driveway encounter with Red was real news to Detective Suarez. He listened intently as Mike recounted the Cream Sam Man’s claims to having witnessed, along with his brother Peter, a boy strangled in their backyard by a contemporary of theirs named Donny Hahn. I felt compelled to add my two cents that I thought he was sincere. Mike also conveyed Red’s earnest fears that Hahn has been trying, for some time, to bump off both he and his big brother. 
Detective Suarez was actually well acquainted with local lawyer Donald Hahn. In fact, Hahn was at Mrs. Burke’s side at the stationhouse. The detective, though, saw little reason to lend credence to Red’s accounting of what happened twenty-five years ago. He knew enough about Peter and the Kern family history to discount it as largely fantasy intertwined with snippets of reality. He felt that Red was a non-credible witness all-around—a man who genuinely believed many things that just weren’t so. Detective Suarez said to us at one point, “He believes what his brother tells him to believe, and believes it with all his heart.”
The piece of information that most piqued Detective Suarez’s interest involved Mrs. Burke and a gun. She had not mentioned any such thing in their interview. Mike painted the word picture for the detective: Mrs. Burke showing up at Mrs. Mazzilli’s door three sheets to the wind, packing a piece, and making threats to do away with the scourge of the neighborhood once and for all. I clued him in on Mrs. Burke’s peculiar choice of words regarding the Kern drama—how she talked about it ending real soon, but never explaining why or how it would end real soon.
Because Detective Suarez cut right to the chase, we were out of the precinct within an hour. I could make it to the job on time and Mike could leisurely prepare for his afternoon lifeguard shift. On our return trip home, the Casale threesome walked along Kingsbridge Avenue to W232nd Street—a route that bypassed both the Kern and Burke abodes. 
“So, you bought groceries for that Kern character,” my father said as we started on home.
“Yeah, Dad, I just felt bad for him…that’s all.”
“What did you get for him?”
“A pound of cold cuts, quart of milk, loaf of sliced bread, sixty-four ounce bottle of Pepsi, bag of potato chips, and a box of Devil Dogs…from Cold Cut City. That’s all.”
“Oh, that’s all? Health foods, I see.”
“Well, I don’t think Red’s a Euell Gibbons and Grape Nuts kind of guy.”
“Did he pay you back?”
“He said he was going to. Dad, do you want me to go over to the house now and see if I can collect it from fat Peter?”
“You’re a wise guy, too,” my father replied with a hint of a smile on his face. In the final analysis, I think he felt a sense of relief that his two sons weren’t headed up the river. Sure, about an hour ago, he wanted us burned at the stake for our purported crimes, but parenting is an emotional roller-coaster ride, I guess, which is not too different from being a kid. How come it’s not called kid-ing?

39
With my eleven o’clock to three o’clock work shift completed, I sprinted over to Sam’s Pizza like a gazelle. I hadn’t eaten any lunch and my noisily growling stomach craved two slices smothered in Sam’s famously thick-cut pepperoni. I had no intention this go-round of giving away my lunch to Red Kern, or to any other needy person in my path. When I exited the shop with my pizza bag in hand, I spotted Johnny B in the vicinity of Ehring’s Tavern and heading straight toward me. He was lugging a shopping wagon full of groceries from the A&P on Broadway and oddly hesitated when he saw me. It almost looked as if he wanted to perform an about-face, but was caught in-between because I was only several yards away and staring right at him.
“Johnny B,” I called over to him. 
“Bean, what are you doing here?”
“What do you think?” I said while holding up my greasy pizza bag.
“Oh, yeah…right…but I didn’t expect to run into you now.”
“I just got out of work and didn’t have any lunch.”
“Just now?”
“Yeah…why is that so surprising? You know my schedule. Don’t you want to know what happened at the police station this morning?”
“No, don’t tell me, Bean! I don’t want to know, okay? I don’t want to hear anymore about that sort of thing. I shouldn’t even be speaking with you.”
“You shouldn’t even be speaking with me? You’re joking, right? I didn’t realize your mother’s iron fist reached this far? What gives?”
“I just think it’s best that we not be seen together…for a while at least.”
“Not be seen together? Are you on the level, Johnny B? We’re friends, aren’t we? We’ve been hanging out together since we were in Mrs. Fagen’s kindergarten class. I’m not Joe Bananas, you know, and under FBI surveillance!”
“Yeah, I know that, Bean, but it’s my mother. You know how she is. She says you’re nothing but trouble and doesn’t want me hanging around with you…or even speaking with you anymore.”
“I know she says that, but that’s nothing new. Do you really believe I’m nothing but trouble, Johnny B?”
“Well, you do get me into a lot of hot water.”
“I get you into a lot of hot water? Just how do you figure that? Take away the stuff of the past few days—which you yourself said was mostly Richie’s doing—and what big troubles have I brought into your life?”
“It’s lots of little things, I guess, Bean. You know…these people of yours from the neighborhood…and wanting to know all about them.”
“Come off it! How exactly has that made trouble for you? I really don’t know what you’re talking about, Johnny B…I really don’t. So, that’s it then. We’re not friends anymore—just like that?”
“I didn’t say that, Bean. Just for now, maybe, until this thing blows over.”
“Oh, I get it, Johnny B, you’re saying our friendship is in suspended animation, or some such thing, until the dust settles. All right, then…fine by me…goodbye, Johnny B! It’s been nice knowing you! Have a good rest of your life!” 
“That’s not what I meant, Bean…”
I hurriedly waded into the traffic on W231st Street to cross over to the other side and almost got clipped by a westbound M100 bus in the process. I felt as if I had been punched hard in the stomach and wanted to remove myself from Johnny B’s pusillanimous force field as quickly as possible. I realize his mother is a domineering shrew, who has had it in for me for some time, but Johnny B had never gone this far in acceding to her wishes.
Standing in front of Bill’s Friendly Spot now—where we enjoyed countless egg creams and pretzel rods together—I watched my former friend meandering along with his jam-packed shopping cart in tow, first passing by the Hebrew butcher, then the glass and mirror store, and Harry’s Delicatessen, with its eye-catching yellow façade, at the corner. Johnny B wore a pained expression on his face the whole time, and I wondered if it was because of our sudden and official breakup as friends. Knowing him as I do, though, it’s also possible that he never expected to run into me again and was shell-shocked that he had. He might have figured our friendship could cease to exist by some sort of painless osmosis.
Johnny B and I navigated different routes to our respective addresses. I had no problem beating him home and avoiding another uncomfortable encounter. Before stepping into my front hallway, I could see him dejectedly trudging along in the distance and passing by the Tibbett Avenue parking lot entrances of a building called Corlear Gardens. My mother wasn’t too keen on the fact that I had brought home pizza at 3:30 in the afternoon, when supper was served at six, but she was used to it. Mike was at his lifeguard job and my father was off to work again after his three-day weekend and two visits to the stationhouse. This was the weekday norm around here and a sense of calm permeated the rooms of the house. Terry even told me that one of her friends, Paula Stapleton, had a huge crush on me, and that she couldn’t understand why. Naturally, she clued her friend in on what a pathetic dweeb I was. More of the norm.
As I pulled my pizza slices out of the bag, just about all of the cheese and pepperoni combination had congealed into a spaldeen-sized ball at the bottom. As if I was piecing together a puzzle, I yanked out this scrumptious concoction, broke it apart, and placed it atop the two slices. Unfortunately, my taste buds were in a losing battle with the broader feeling of emptiness I felt in the pit of my stomach. While I had sensed for some time that things were going downhill with Richie—with the fragile bonds of friendship being tested almost every time we met—Johnny B was another story altogether. I didn’t see this one coming and it hurt.
After my less the satisfying late lunch experience, I took my fire truck red bicycle out of the garage with a general plan of riding around the neighborhood streets. I had no specific destination in mind, but I figured that I would be better served ruminating on everything that has happened to me over the last several days outdoors and in physical motion. Holing up in my bedroom and feeling sorry for myself was the undesirable alternative. 
Peddling away on a bicycle—especially my new Schwinn—has always served as a catharsis for me. So, when I whizzed up the alleyway and into the street, I experienced a certain calm and momentary sense of liberation from my assorted troubles. I saw no sign of Johnny B, Mrs. Burke, or the Kerns when I passed by their places, which was most welcome under the circumstances. After about an hour or so of riding up and down the local streets, and thinking about all kinds of things, I spied Peter and Red walking up Tibbett Avenue toward the house. I peddled past the pair without them noticing me, I think, and completed the block circle. When I passed by on my return, the brothers were standing in their open garage. Peter’s cigarette smoke gently wafted from its interior and lazily hung above the driveway in the late afternoon sunlight. As I continued on my bike ride to nowhere, I encountered Benjy turning the corner of W240th Street and Corlear Avenue. I had, in fact, hoped to catch him on his way home from work—and I did.
“Hey there, Matt,” Benjy shouted out, “Glad to see you’re a free man.”
“Free as a bird. How are you feeling?”
“Fine. I worked a few hours and all is well.”
“Cool.”
“So, how did everything go? I was going to give you a call just as soon as I got in.”
“Smooth sailing,” I said as I pulled my bike to the curbside across the street from the Manhattan College Engineering building, which used to be a Fanny Farmer candy factory.
“You and Mike restored your good names?”
“We did—no mug shots required. Detective Suarez didn’t think we were guilty of any crimes, or even conspirators in one. He just wanted to know what we talked about with Old Lady Burke and the Cream Sam Man…that was really it.”
“Anti-climatic.”
“Yeah, you could say that.”
“Did the old lady set the fire? I heard they found evidence at her house or something.”
“The cops don’t think she did. She’s back home.”
“Then who did? Wasn’t it started with gasoline?”
“Yeah. I think fat Peter started it.”
“Peter? Why would he set fire to his own house?”
“To try to scare Old Lady Burke into keeping her mouth shut or something like that.”
“I’m missing a few pieces to the puzzle here, Matt. You’re going to have to fill me in on all the details.”
“I know what you’re saying. So much has been happening over the last few days.”
“Man, I’m just really glad this worked out for you guys. My sister was really upset, too.”
“Yeah, Mike and Ellen really hit it off yesterday. I’m sure he called her this morning and let her know that everything was copasetic.”
“I think they’re an item—and overnight at that.”
“I think you’re right.”
“How long have you been riding around these parts?”
“A little over an hour, I’d say. I rode up the Manhattan College path and down the parkway past your shop. I considered stopping in.”
“You should have.”
“Benjy, I ran into Johnny B a little while ago…after I got off from work,” I said, abruptly changing the subject.
“How’s he holding up through all of this?” Benjy replied with a knowing grin on his face.
“Not too well by the looks of things. He doesn’t want to be my friend anymore.”
“What? He doesn’t want to be your friend anymore? Why? I don’t get it. You guys have been friends forever.”
“His mother told him to stay away from me…that I’m nothing but trouble…and, apparently, he’s taking her advice this time.”
“Matt, man, I’m sorry…that’s rough. I can’t believe he would do something like that to you. He’s always been such a good guy.”
“Yeah…well…he just did.”
“Take solace, Matt. You’ve still got Ragu and me in your corner.”
“I don’t know about the former there, but that’s another story for another time. These last few days have been hard on old friendships, let’s put it that way.”
“Why? What happened with him?”
“It’s really a long story, Benjy. Are you going to be around tonight? I’ll get you up to speed on the soap opera.”
“Why don’t you drop by my place after supper?”
“I’ll see you tonight then.”
“Keep your chin up, Matt.”
“I’ll do my best. Later, Benjy.” 

40
As I watched Benjy walk away and down Corlear Avenue, I could hear the cheers of a small crowd sitting in Gaelic Park’s bleachers just across the street from me. Courtesy of an unsightly, silver-colored, scrap metal fence, the game being played behind it was a mystery to the outside world. This versatile, expansive field of green once hosted summertime rock concerts—not too long ago, in fact, in the early 1970s—that attracted people from near and far. There were more than a few famous names who performed in Gaelic Park, including the Grateful Dead and Deep Purple, but I was too young to care back then. On those past summer nights, the back streets, including my very own Tibbett Avenue, became clogged with too many cars in search of too few parking spaces. While some of their neighbors sniffed at their audacity and trashiness, the Esposito family, who resided a few doors down from the Casales, leased the available space in their concrete backyard for a not inconsiderable sum of money.
I recall locals of all ages sitting transfixed on their front stoops, watching the recurring spectacles of not how many clowns could fit into the automobiles parking all around them, but how many hippies would pile out. A parade of peculiar-looking and interestingly dressed sorts, smoking funny looking and strange smelling cigarettes, marched past us on their way to Gaelic Park. I remember neighbors of mine debating the gender of some of the passersby. It was a compelling time to be both alive and to live in Kingsbridge.
After this brief stroll down memory lane, I took off for home and one final swing past the Kern and Burke residences. I pedaled down Tibbett Avenue with alacrity. The bicycle ride had done me a world of good, I thought, and my appetite had returned. While it was a warm late summer’s afternoon, it was July weather most everyone around here could abide. Passing the W234th Street intersection, I would perform one last spot check on my two favorite places in the world. 
Closing in on my targets, I detected Mrs. Burke on the front sidewalk at the top of the Kern’s driveway, which, I instinctively knew, didn’t bode well for all concerned, including me. She was waving her slender, wrinkled right arm around and around. I prayed that it was only a cigarette I spied in her hand, but had this sinking feeling that it wasn’t. The nearer I got to the driveway, the clearer this late afternoon snapshot became. It wasn’t a cigarette at all, which I’d seen Mrs. Burke holding untold times, but something shiny-looking instead—like a handgun. She pointed it at the Kern brothers, who were standing just outside their garage at the bottom of the driveway. Peter was laughing hysterically at the spectacle of this diminutive, wizened old lady threatening him with a gun. His kid brother, though, looked absolutely petrified.
To quote Yogi Berra, my next move was “déjà vu all over again.” Just as I had earlier dashed into traffic, without thinking it through, to breakaway from Johnny B, I experienced a similar lapse in judgment when I pulled my bicycle into the street immediately in front of the Kern’s driveway and directly behind the gun-wielding Mrs. Burke. Peter Kern was baiting the old lady with nasty asides concerning her late husband, including wild charges of lewd and even criminal behavior. 
“Mrs. Burke, what do you think you’re doing?” I cried out.
The old lady swung her body around in an unsteady twirl. The barrel of her gun was now pointed at my mid-section, not Peter Kern’s. For a split second I thought I had wet my pants and anxiously glanced downward. Happily, I was mistaken.
“Go home, Matthew, you hear me,” Mrs. Burke said. “Go home now. I told you to stay away from this place. You just never learn your lesson, do you, boy?”
I could tell that Mrs. Burke was pretty drunk, even by her lofty standards. Her speech was slurred, eyes quasi-demented looking, and I could smell whiskey on her breath from several feet away.
“What are you aiming to do with that gun, Mrs. Burke? Put it away now. You could hurt somebody around here with that thing.”
“That’s my intention, Matthew. It’s something I should have done a long, long time ago.”
“Please, Mrs. Burke, put the gun away…”
“Matthew, I told you once…now I’m telling you again…go home. I wouldn’t want anything to happen to you. You’re such a sweet and handsome boy.” 
Mrs. Burke turned away from me and wobbled down the driveway. Mocking her every step, Peter howled with laughter. I watched in disbelief as she cocked the gun and leapt off my bicycle, letting it fall flat on the street pavement. I ran toward her with the intention of being a calming voice of reason, but she pulled the trigger before I could make my case. Peter took a bullet in his whopping beer belly and started wildly cursing at Mrs. Burke as he slumped to the ground.
“You shot me, you crazy old biddy…you shot me,” he said over and over. Red raced over to his fallen brother, kneeled down beside him, and then froze. Mrs. Burke cocked the gun again and aimed it at my old buddy.
“Mrs. Burke…no…stop…you can’t do this.” 
I reached for her arm in an attempt to snatch the weapon from her hand. Simultaneous with my grabbing for it, she pulled the trigger. It fired, but at the concrete grounds of the driveway this time and not—thankfully—into the virtually catatonic Red Kern. As I assumed full possession of the gun from Mrs. Burke, I felt a sharp pain in my left side and noticed a fresh and oozing patch of blood on my shirt. I figured that, maybe, the deflected bullet ricocheted off the ground and nicked me. I was feeling okay, though, so a little blood wasn’t about to concern me.
“Mrs. Burke, you just shot Peter Kern! You shot Peter Kern!” I said. 
Locals were already gathering around the crime scene, including Mr. Becrelis from next door. I heard him call out to his wife to summon the police and an ambulance, too.
Mrs. Burke stared at me with her bloodshot eyes and detected the bloodstain on my shirt, which had grown considerably larger in concert with me feeling increasingly light-headed. 
“What happened, Matthew…oh, what happened to you, dear boy?”
“I don’t know, Mrs. Burke…but I’m okay…really,” I said.
I knew, though, something wasn’t quite right when I tasted an unpleasant fluid in my mouth, which I spit out on the driveway pavement. It was blood. I was experiencing some dizziness as I walked with Mrs. Burke and Mr. Becrelis to a sidewall in the driveway, where I could sit down. I placed Mrs. Burke’s gun beside me.
“We have to get help for this boy,” Mrs. Burke said.
“Help is on the way,” Mr. Becrelis replied.
“I had to do it, Matthew. You know that I had to do it, don’t you?”
“Yeah…you had to…I know,” I said.
In my wavering state of consciousness, I caught glimpses of Peter on the garage floor only a few of yards away from me. I couldn’t be certain of his condition, but he appeared to be conscious and in a one-way conversation with his bewildered brother. 
“I wish you had just gone on your way…then none of this would have happened.”
“I’ll be all right, Mrs. Burke. The bullet probably bounced off the ground and just scratched me…that’s all.”
I was spitting up blood and more blood, and the driveway floor was fast becoming a bloody mess because of it. While the sight of it never before got to me, blood spewing out of my mouth—from something other than a minor dental problem—was disconcerting to say the least. What I was experiencing was serious business, and no medical training on my part was required to make that diagnosis.
“I really should go tell my mom…she’ll be worried. I’m supposed to be home for supper about now,” I said as my light-headedness became lighter still.
“She’s on her way,” Mrs. Schwartz, a neighbor from across the street, replied as she placed a clean towel near the sight of my wound. Until that moment, I hadn’t realized she was there.
“No, I have to let my mother know what happened right away…”
“Keep calm. She’s on her way.”
“I smell gunpowder,” I said. “Does anybody else smell it?”
“That’s the odor from yesterday’s fire,” Mr. Becrelis answered.
“Oh, right, the fire from yesterday…I almost forget about that.”
“Matthew, dear boy, save your strength,” Mrs. Burke said. “You’re going to be just fine.”
“I’m all right now…really. I can make it home. My mom will take care of this for me. Dressing cuts is her specialty. It’s not anything serious.”
“Take it easy…take it easy,” Mr. Becrelis said. “Your mother will be here shortly.”
One police squad car and then another pulled up in rapid succession, with officers jumping out of them and storming the driveway. Suddenly, there was so much commotion around me that it was difficult—in my drifting state of mind—to sort everything out. I know that Mrs. Burke didn’t run away, or anything like that, because there she was confessing her crime to a policeman while I was recounting my story to another one. I hope what I told him made sense, because I sensed that I wasn’t always making sense in my off-again, on-again delirium. 
“You guys didn’t run over my bicycle,” I said. “I left it at the top of the driveway.”
“Your bicycle is safe with me,” Mr. Becrelis replied.
“Oh, thanks a lot, Mr. B…it’s a super bike…a Schwinn Paramount…I got it this past Christmas…and I wouldn’t want anything to happen to it.”
An ambulance arrived on the scene simultaneous with my mother and sister Terry. In my disoriented state, I read the letters emblazoned on the ambulance, “NYC EMS,” like I was reading an optometrist’s eye chart. I felt a whole lot better in my mom’s warm embrace, although a wailing Terry had to be ushered away by Mrs. Schwartz and a couple of other neighbors.
“Terry, I’m okay…I’ll be all right,” I called out to her, but I couldn’t be certain my words were audible above the driveway din.
“Oh, Matt…my Matt,” my mother said as she stroked my hair and tended to my wound. She wiped my mouth, too, with a handkerchief from her pocket.
“I don’t know why I keep getting into trouble like this. I’m really sorry, Mom…can you forgive me?”
“There’s nothing to forgive, Matt. Now, let’s not worry about any of that now,” she replied. “Everything’s going to be all right.”
“I ruined supper for everyone, didn’t I?”
“Matt, forget about supper…that’s not important.”
“Just tell me what we are having?”
“Steak pizzaiola.”
“My favorite. But Mom, I don’t know if I could stomach eating any right now. Is that okay by you?” I said.
“Let’s stop worrying about missing supper. Just relax and spit up the blood…spit it all out.”
My mother wiped more blood off my mouth, folded the towel over to its clean side, and firmly pressed it against my wound.
“Mom…do you think that, maybe, Mrs. Bauer’s been right about me all along?”
“Matt…quiet.”
“She says that I’m nothing but trouble…”
“Matt, you’re a beautiful, kind-hearted boy and always have been.”
“Did you know that Johnny doesn’t want to be my friend anymore…”
“Johnny will always be your friend, Matt.”
“Mom…if this isn’t the proof…in the pudding…that Mrs. Bauer’s on to something…”
“Quiet, Matt,” my mother said as she kissed my forehead.
When a second ambulance arrived, there were four attendants in a very busy and very small space. A couple of them took over from my mother, but she continued to supervise the entire time—to their annoyance, I think—as I was placed on a stretcher and carried the short distance up the driveway. 
In, admittedly, a woozy state of mind, I surveyed the surreal scene that I was exiting. I spied Peter Kern on the garage floor where he had initially dropped. EMS personnel surrounded him. He appeared, though, to be sitting up, and looked in better shape than I did. I noticed, too, miscellaneous street junk lining the driveway, including an old toaster with a frayed electrical cord, an empty gallon tin of Planter’s Peanut Oil, and the rusty handlebars of an old bicycle. 
When I reached the sidewalk, gawking locals were several rows deep—at least that’s what it looked like to me from my prone position on the stretcher. As I was being placed in the ambulance, I caught a glimpse of Johnny B in the crowd. Tears were streaming down his face. He shouted out something, but voices and sounds were now curiously detached from me. 

41
Groggily, I opened my eyes and found myself lying in a hospital bed walled off by curtains. I could hear machines making strange noises. Rubber tubes were running from my left arm to plastic bags hanging on hooks on a pole beside my bed. The bags contained clear liquids and a red-colored one, too. My mid-section was bandaged up pretty extensively and pastel bloodstains adorned the dressing near the sight of the wound on my left side. It hurt when I moved, so I didn’t move much. My mother and brother Mike solemnly stood over me with concerned looks on their faces.
“Matt, how are you feeling?” my mother asked.
“Okay,” I whispered, which was the only volume available to me.
“You gave us quite a scare,” she said as she massaged my right arm, which was free from tubes and needle marks.
“Mom, what happened?” 
“You lost a lot of blood a couple of nights ago. Let’s just say that we got you here in the nick of time.”
“Where’s here?”
“Montefiore hospital.”
“The hospital that my ‘special bus’ passes everyday on East Gunhill Road…on the way to school?”
“That’s the one, Matt.”
“Bean, do you remember me?” Mike asked with a smile on his face.
“Yeah, you’re the Fonz and I’m your best friend Richie Cunningham.”
Assuming that I was delusional, Mike appeared momentarily stunned.
“I know who you are, Mike…that was a joke.”
“Bean Bag is back among the living,” Mike said as he heaved a huge sigh of relief.
My mother, meanwhile, scurried away from my bedside to summon my father, who was in the outside waiting room.
“Mike, the last thing I remember clearly is being put in an ambulance.”
“It was kind of scary there for a time…real scary,” Mike said as he reached for my hand and squeezed it tight. “We thought we might lose you.”
“Lose me?”
“You’ve been pretty out of it the last couple of days between all the blood you lost and the medications. You haven’t been making a whole lot of sense. But the doctors say all your vitals are looking good. You’ve made it through the rain.”
“I hope I’ll be respected now by the others who got rained on to. Barry Manilow, Mike.”
“Very good, Bean!”
“Yeah, now that you mention it, I sort of recall seeing you guys around me.”
“Bean, I’m afraid you are going to need a chaperone from here on—full-time,” Mike said. “You’re out of my sight for a few hours and take a bullet.”
“I’m sorry for what I put you and everybody through, Mike…real sorry…but the Kern’s driveway is sort of like the Bermuda Triangle.”
“Then, explain to me, why would you ride your bicycle into the thick of Kingsbridge’s Bermuda Triangle?”
“I don’t know…bad habit, I guess…like your long showers.”
“Yeah, Bean…I guess some bad habits are hard to break.”
“Mike, do you know what happened to Mrs. Burke?”
“That crazy old bird’s locked up where she belongs.”
“Oh, come on, Mike, you can’t really believe that she belongs in jail?”
“I can really believe that, Bean. She shot Peter Kern! You almost died because of that red lipstick wearing Ma Barker.”
“It was an accident.”
“Shooting Peter wasn’t an accident. And she was about to blow your old pal away.”
“Yeah, I know…but…”
“She’s completely off her rocker, Bean...trust me.”
“What about fat Peter?”
“Detective Suarez said he’s going to pull through all right. He came out of this mess a whole lot better than you did.”
“And Red?”
“Stop that kind of talk right now!” my mother said upon her return with my father. “Mike, you really should know better.”
“Sorry, Mom, I don’t know what came over me.” 
“Hi there, Matt,” my father said.
He was on the verge of tears and I prayed that he wouldn’t shed a drop, because then I probably would and it might initiate a weepy-eyed chain reaction.
“Hey, Dad.”
“How are you feeling?”
“Not too bad under the circumstances.”
“Rest and quiet are what you need right now,” my mother said. “There will be plenty of time for you to catch up on all the news of your favorite family from up the block.”
“Yeah…but Mom…”
“No buts, Matt! There’s not going to be anymore talk about the Kern brothers or Mrs. Burke while you’re in a hospital bed, okay?”
“Okay, Mom…whatever you say.”
“Bean, Benjy’s been here to see you,” Mike said. 
“Funny…I do recall seeing him and even speaking with him, I think. I hope I made sense. Let him know that I’m okay now.”
“Richie’s been really worried about you, too.”
“Really…Richie…well, I guess a gunshot wound is worth a few sympathy points in the neighborhood.”
“He bought you six big bottles of 7-Up—the sixty-four ounce jobs.”
“Six sixty-four ounce bottles of 7-Up?”
“Your favorite soda pop, Bean.”
“Well, it was…but I think 7-Up would burn a hole in me right now. Man, that’s a lot of carbonation…but Richie’s always been really generous that way.”
“I told him that you weren’t up to drinking the stuff just yet.”
“Yeah, Mike, but it’s the thought that counts. That was so cool on his part…so cool.”
“We’ll throw you a big party when you get back home…with the 7-Up flowing like water.”
“I can’t wait for that.”
“It’s hard to believe all that’s happened, Bean.” 
Mike shook his head back and forth, got a little misty-eyed, and so did I.
“Neither can I, Mighty Mike.”
A nurse then entered the crowded premises and cleared the space. She came to do what she was paid to do and needed some elbow room. In the early evening, I was moved to a regular room, which was another promising sign. After all, patients aren’t typically discharged from an intensive care unit. My mother stayed the night with me. Despite pleas from Mike and my father for her to go home and get a little rest while they stood watch over me, my mother has never left my side. 
After a couple of days of vegetating in my room, which I shared with a kid with two broken legs, I was feeling a whole lot better. I was still in some pain, but could move back and forth in my bed a little without seeing stars. I began eating bland things like Jell-O and chicken broth. While my appetite was on the mend, pepperoni pizza from Sam’s and Richie’s 7-Up surfeit didn’t quite appeal to me. When the green light was given to Detective Suarez to visit with me, it was one more encouraging sign that my hospital days were numbered. 
As a friendly gesture, the detective brought me a get-well-soon card with five dollars worth of McDonald’s gift certificates inside it. After making a little small talk about the state of my health, I described to Detective Suarez in detail what I had witnessed in the Kern’s driveway. Mike and my father remained in the room with me while my mother took a well-earned breather—her first—and ventured down to the hospital’s cafeteria for a bite to eat. She had made peace with the fact that her edict—of absolutely no Kern-related talk within the confines of my hospital room—had expired.
Right off the bat, Detective Suarez told us that he had acted on a tip from Mike and me, and that Mrs. Burke had, in fact, turned over a handgun to one of his officers earlier on Monday. “The one she used in the driveway later that day was given to her by her lawyer,” Detective Suarez said.
“Donald Hahn?” Mike asked.
“Yes, the one and only.”
“But why would he want her to have a gun? For protection from Peter?”
“Not quite. It seems that he wanted Peter out of the way, too. It’s something the two of them had in common beyond their lawyer-client relationship. Peter has been blackmailing Hahn for years over certain indiscretions, which I won’t get into.”
“Red was telling us the truth then…you know…about Hahn trying to knock them off,” I said.
“None of that’s been substantiated, Matt.”
“It makes a lot of sense though, doesn’t it?”
“Maybe…maybe not.”
“So, Hahn did kill the boy…like Red said?”
“No, Matt, he didn’t.”
“You know that for sure?”
“Hahn was out of the country with his family when the boy went missing. That’s all been verified.”
“So, you’re saying it was Peter then?” Mike said. “After all, if he dug up the skull like he claimed…”
“He dug it up all right, Mike, but that doesn’t mean he had anything to do with the murder. It only means he knew where the body was buried.”
“If he didn’t have anything to do with it, how on earth would he know where to look?” my father asked.
“It seems that Peter assisted in getting rid of the body, Mr. Casale…but after the fact.”
“How can you possibly know this now, Detective Suarez?” my father said. “From Peter’s mouth?”
“Let’s just say that Peter Kern is more credible than old Mrs. Burke.”
“Fat Peter, no way,” I said.
“Yes way, Matt” Detective Suarez replied.
“I don’t understand.”
“Peter Kern’s a bad guy. Nobody knows that better than me. He’s been blackmailing Mrs. Burke for years, holding over her what he knew about her late husband.”
“About her late husband? What did he have on him?” Mike asked.
“That he had killed that boy.”
“Mr. Burke?” I said in disbelief. “But Mrs. Burke told us she knew that fat Peter and Red were the killers. She said her husband helped dispose of the body as a favor to his cousin, Mr. Kern.”
“He may very well have told her that, and that’s what she wanted to believe. But at the end of the day, she knew the truth, and Peter took advantage of the fact that he did, too.”
“If she knew the truth, why did she try to blame fat Peter for the murder after all these years?”
“Her time’s running out and she hated him—and I really can’t blame her for that. She couldn’t stand being blackmailed anymore and wanted to get even with fat Peter.”
“Why would Mr. Burke kill a little boy?” I asked.
“Matt, he was a very sick man…a very sick man.”
“Detective Suarez, what did you mean when you said her time’s running out?” 
“Mrs. Burke’s an old woman with a bad disease…that’s what I meant.”
“What kind of disease?”
“You know, Matt, you are full of questions. You might want to consider being a policeman someday.”
“Yeah,” Mike said, “he’s always fancied himself a young Columbo. He’s always quoting the guy: ‘When someone does something that they don’t ordinarily do, there has to be a reason.’”
“Columbo is definitely a worthy role model,” Detective Suarez replied with a big smile on his face.
“So, what you’re telling us, Detective Suarez, is that she did try to burn down the Kern’s house?” my father queried.
“No, Mr. Casale. Peter confessed to starting the fire and planting the gasoline cans in Burke’s backyard. He said he wanted to rattle the old lady’s cage for what she had done, and show her that he really meant business.”
“Yeah, but that whole place could have burned to the ground,” I said.
“I suppose it could have, Matt. But Peter Kern’s always been a gambler and—as you guys know very well—a very dangerous man.”
“I don’t get it. Why would Red tell Mike and me that Donny Hahn did it… and that he had witnessed the whole thing?”
“His brother planted the story in the poor guy’s brain, I suspect. I have no doubt that he believed what he was saying. I think Peter figured that when old Red, as you call him, passed on that story to you guys, you’d tell me, and then the spotlight would be turned on to Hahn, which it was. Peter’s no dummy.”
“So, this explains why Mrs. Burke helped out around the Kern house, despite hating Peter with a passion,” Mike said. 
“Yes it does, Mike.”
“Detective Suarez, did Donny Hahn know the Kerns as kids?” I asked.
“No, Matt, he didn’t. The Hahns lived in Fieldston and sent their kids to private schools. Trust me…Donny wasn’t hanging around with the Kern boys.”
“In Fieldston? Lou Gehrig lived there,” I said in reference to both the baseball legend and the private, upscale community in nearby Riverdale. 
In fact, Fieldston Road slices through this chic neighborhood. Kingsbridge youth like me also know it as “Chestnut Lane” because of its long line of horse-chestnut trees. Chestnut fights—with horse chestnuts from Chestnut Lane dangling from shoelaces—were once a popular pastime around here, but not anymore as far as I can tell. The younger kids today just don’t know how to have fun like we did.
“That’s right, Lou Gehrig did live there. You a Yankees fan, Matt?”
“He’s a Mets fan,” Mike said. “Can you believe that?”
“A Bronx boy a Mets fan…say it ain’t so?”
“I’m afraid it is, Detective Suarez,” Mike replied.
“They’ve got a pretty bad team right now.”
“They’ll turn it around real soon with Mazzilli and Stearns leading the way…mark my word.”
“He’s definitely not a chip off the old block,” my father, a Yankees fan extraordinaire from the Joltin’ Joe DiMaggio days, said.
“Matt’s a quiet rebel, Mr. Casale. He reminds me of my son Leo.”
“But Detective Suarez, I just don’t get it. Red told us that Donny used to taunt he and Peter all the time…”
“Remember, Detective Matt, that your friend Red also said he was eyewitness to Hahn committing a murder, which was a physical impossibility.”
“You never answered my question about what kind of disease Mrs. Burke has.”
“If you must know, she has lung cancer and is not going to be around too much longer.”
“So, you can’t keep in her jail then! I don’t care what she’s done. She doesn’t deserve to die in a jail cell.”
“Matt, let the police do their jobs,” my father said.
“But Dad…”
“You’re really a good kid, Matt,” Detective Suarez interjected. “I like you a lot. You have a big heart…I can tell that. But I wouldn’t worry about her spending too much time behind bars.”
“What about Peter?” Mike asked. “He’s got to be guilty of something here…like arson or blackmail?”
“He is, Mike, but the man’s got good lawyers and certain friends who can pull strings. We arrest them and the sleazy lawyers take over. He pleaded guilty to assaulting Matt and his friends and will go before a judge soon on that.”
“Will he do some jail time for what he did to Benjy and Richie?” I asked.
“Possibly. I just don’t know.”
“But setting a house on fire has got to put him in jail? And what about helping bury the boy’s body and then digging it up—there’s got to be a serious crime in there somewhere.”
“Like I said, Matt: I investigate crimes and arrest people. I wish I had more authority. Peter Kern would be off the streets if I did. But do me a favor: You stay out of trouble, okay?”
“I will.”
“Promise?”
“Yeah…scout’s honor.”
“We’re not going to let him out of our sights until he’s twenty-one,” Mike said.
“Oh, good, he’ll be in the police academy by then and we can take over,” Detective Suarez replied.
“Thanks for the gift certificates,” I said as Detective Suarez firmly shook my hand.
“You’re welcome, Matt. Get yourself a Big Mac when you get out of here.” 
“Yukeroo!”
“Don’t tell me you don’t like Big Macs.”
“My brother’s got some strange eating habits, Detective Suarez.”
“I love their French fries.”
“Then get yourself a triple order of French fries,” Detective Suarez replied and then exited the hospital room with my dad as his escort.

42
My sister Terry patiently waited by the front door. With a helping hand from Mike, and under the watchful eyes of my mother, I climbed out of the front seat of my dad’s dark brown Ford LTD and carefully navigated up our stoop’s six steps. With this important mission accomplished, Mom returned to the car, and the old folks promptly whizzed off to the nearby Bronx Prescription Center—on West 230th Street—to fill a couple of prescriptions for me. After spending the better part of the week in a hospital bed, I was back home. The Casale house somehow looked different to me—and so did the entire neighborhood for that matter. It felt like I’d been away for a really long time. 
As I stepped into the front hallway, Terry greeted me with a super-tight hug. With my wound still sporting a bandage, and not fully healed, this little embrace of ours hurt. For my little sister’s sake, though, I didn’t outwardly grimace in pain and spoil the special moment. She had, after all, passed along a handmade get-well card for every one of the six days that I was hospitalized. And I could not recall a single instance when we were both so genuinely happy to see one another. So, it made perfect sense for me to cherish this welcome because I could not be certain how long this familial goodwill would last. 
“Thanks for all the cards, Terry.” 
“I really missed you not being home.”
“I really missed you, too,” I replied, uttering sentiment that I never thought possible.
Terry grinned as I steered my way to the stairwell leading to our apartment, almost stumbling over a large cardboard box containing six big bottles of 7-Up.
“Careful there, Bean. What do you say, L.T., we throw Matt a big welcome home party?” Mike said. “We’ve got all this soda pop and nobody to drink it.”
“That’s a super idea, Mike!”
“I just hope everybody on the guest list likes the uncola,” I said.
“Yeah, you’d think that goofball from next door would have varied the selection.”
“Come on, Mike…it was a friendly gesture on his part.”
“All right, Bean, I’ll cut him a little slack just this once—for your sake—but only this once.”
“Fair enough.”
“We have an ice cream cake, too, for the party…from Carvel,” Terry said.
“Now that sounds like something I might be able to sink my teeth into right now,” I replied. 
“Where’d the cake come from, L.T.? Grandma pick it up?” Mike asked.
“No…that big guy from up the block brought it over a little while ago.”
“What big guy from up the block?”
“You know…the one who got hurt when Matt did.”
“Peter Kern?” Mike said.
“Yeah, big Peter. He rang the bell and gave it to Uncle Paul…just before you guys got home.”
“Why would he do something like that?” I asked. “That’s really weird. On second thought, I might just pass on the cake.”
“Matt, it’s a Fudgie the Whale that says, ‘Thank you, Bean’ on it.”
“What? He had a Fudgie the Whale cake inscribed for me? I don’t get it! What’s this all about?”
“He told Uncle Paul that you saved his brother’s life, Matt, and that he’s very grateful.”
“You know, Bean, you actually did save your buddy Red’s life.”
“I wouldn’t go that far, Mike.”
“Matt, you’ve got a new friend…Peter Kern.”
“Oh, brother…just what I need.”
“Matt, that was so brave what you did,” Terry said. 
“More like stupid.”
“No, it wasn’t…it was brave…real brave.”
“Okay, Terry, if you say I’m brave then I’m brave.”
“You really are…and I’m so proud of you,” Terry said as she hugged me again.
I discreetly contorted my face in pain for a second time and then began scaling the staircase. Mike followed close behind me just in case I got dizzy and lost my balance. 
Once inside, I immediately turned into my bedroom, kicked off my sneakers, and sprawled out on my own bed. I experienced a comforting rush in being home and free of tubes sticking out of my arms, and doctors and nurses probing and poking me every few minutes. Actually, they were all really nice at the hospital, especially the nurses. Knowing that I’d probably never see them again, I got a little emotional when we said our goodbyes. 
“Why don’t you take a little nap, Bean?” Mike said. “You’ve earned it.”
“That’s not a bad idea. I think I will—a short one.”
“Oh, Matt, I saw your friend Johnny yesterday. He was asking for you,” Terry said.
“Yeah…how’s he doing?”
“He was getting sort of weepy on me.”
“Getting sort of weepy on you?”
“He just wasn’t making sense, Matt…and I think he was tearing up on me. He’s a stale fruitcake if you ask me.”
“What did you tell him?”
“I told him you would be coming home today. He wants to come over and see you.”
“He does?”
“Yeah, why wouldn’t he? He’s one of your best friends?”
“Yeah, that’s right, Terry, he’s one of my best friends.”
“We just better make sure we have lots of Kleenex around when Johnny comes calling.”
“Come on, L.T., admit it…you’ve always had a thing for Johnny,” Mike said.
“I did not…yuk…no way!” 
Terry playfully chased after Mike and out of the bedroom.
Left alone and in peace, I quickly nodded off, only to be awakened by my parents’ return from the drugstore and a conversation in the adjoining living room.
“Where’s Matt?” my mother asked.
“He’s taking a little nap,” Mike said.
“I just bumped into his friend Johnny outside.”
“Oh, yeah, Mom, what’s on Johnny’s mind?”
“He wanted to know if Matt was home yet.”
“You know, Mom, Johnny and Matt had a big falling out—you heard all about that.”
“Matt told me the whole story, Mike. That was all Rosie Bauer’s doing. She’s a real bird. Imagine her saying that my Matty is a troublemaker. If you ask me, she should be thankful that her son has a friend like him. Johnny’s always been a mamma’s boy.”
“True, Mom, but he’s a good kid.”
“I didn’t say he wasn’t.”
I climbed out of my bed, which caused me a little discomfort—but I wouldn’t call it pain—and walked out into the living room.
“How are you feeling, Matt?” my mother asked.
“I feel fine, Mom. Well…maybe a little tired.”
“Any pain?”
“Mostly soreness…that’s all.”
“We got your medicines. It’s just about time to take them.”
“You’re the boss,” I said. “Whatever you say.”
After popping my pills with the aid of a tall glass of orange juice, I pulled out the Fudgie the Whale ice cream cake from our refrigerator’s freezer and read the inscription: “Thank You, Been!” My nickname had been misspelled. There was, too, a second line on the lower half of the cake that was partially smeared and difficult to decipher. As I pored over the edible script, my knees buckled when I at long last broke the code. “But…watch your step” is what it said—at least that’s what it looked like to me.
I consumed a small dish of my grandmother’s pasta at suppertime. Ordinarily, I would devour considerable portions of her lip-smacking ziti and meatballs, but solid foods—even lip-smacking ones—weren’t fully agreeing with me. After my supper, I retreated to my bedroom and jotted down copious notes in my journal, which I’ve kept for years. I had an awful lot to say since my last entry. 
When the front doorbell rang, I heard my mother speaking with somebody at the bottom of the stairwell. The sound of multiple footsteps climbing the stairs to our apartment told me to brace myself for visitors. 
In keeping with family tradition, my mother didn’t knock on the bedroom door when she ushered in Benjy Thomas and Johnny B, too. The former approached my bed and gave me a light hug, instinctively aware that anything tighter might cause me pain. The latter maintained his distance.
“How did you two hook up for this visit?” I asked.
“I called Johnny B when I got home from work and said I was going to drop by your place tonight. I thought he might want to join me…and he did.”
“It’s great to see you guys.”
“So, how are you feeling, Matt? The whole neighborhood’s been worried sick about you.”
“I feel pretty good. I ate some supper tonight—my grandmother’s ziti.”
“That sure beats all that chicken broth and Jell-O you were eating in the hospital.”
“Johnny B, what’s up?” I asked. 
He hadn’t yet said a word and his eyes were looking everywhere but at me.
“Nothing much, Bean.”
“Did you see the box full of 7-Ups in the front hallway? Richie bought them for me.”
“That was really nice of him,” Benjy said with a big smile on his face. “I haven’t seen him all week.”
“He’s got a lady friend to occupy his free time, Benjy.”
“I know: the Kingsbridge Casanova.”
“Terry said she saw you yesterday, Johnny B,” I said in an attempt to initiate some kind of conversation with him.
“Yeah…she told me you were coming home today.”
“You know, she’s always had a crush on you.”
“Come off it.”
“You’re irresistible, Johnny B,” Benjy said. “Why fight it?” 
“That’s right, Johnny B. Don’t underestimate the seductive power of those puppy dog eyes of yours.”
Johnny B blushed as Benjy and I good-naturedly laughed. This conversational theme nonetheless broke the tension.
“Bean, I’m really sorry about what happened between us last week…”
“Forget about, Johnny B. As far as I’m concerned that’s yesterday’s news.”
“It’s just that my mother…”
“I know, Johnny B…don’t worry about it…it’s water under the bridge.”
“Thanks, Bean. I wouldn’t want to lose you as a friend…ever.”
“I wouldn’t want to lose you as a friend…ever, too. But I do attract trouble…that cannot be denied.”
“You sure do!” Benjy said.
“Bean, why couldn’t you have just passed by the house?” 
“You know me, Johnny B. I’m attracted to all of these neighborhood characters.”
“But this time it was almost a fatal attraction.”
“Almost doesn’t count…except in horseshoes. That’s what my grandfather always said.” 
“I’m just glad you’re okay,” Johnny B said.
“Hey, you guys up for a little ice cream cake—from Carvel?”
“Ice cream cake? I sure am,” Johnny B said.
“Count me in.”
“I guess you haven’t heard who brought it over?”
“Who?” Benjy asked.
“Fat Peter.”
“Bean, you have to be kidding! Tell me you’re kidding,” Johnny B said.
“I’m not kidding, Johnny B. It’s a Fudgie the Whale. He even inscribed the cake.”
“Inscribed it? What does it say?” Benjy asked.
“Thank you, Been.”
“Thank you, Been?”
“He misspelled my name. Peter thinks I saved his brother’s life.”
“You might very well have, Matt, from what I’ve heard.”
“Oh, brother,” Johnny B said. “I guess this stuff will never end.”
“Do you still want to be my friend, Johnny B?”
“If I die of food poisoning tonight, Bean, I’ll have you to thank for it.”
“I guess that means the answer is yes.”
“Bean, maybe I’m crazy, but I’m with you come what may.”
“Hold your horses. I haven’t told you about the second part of the inscription on the cake.”
“What second part?” Johnny B with a concerned look on his face.
“But watch your step.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Johnny B shouted.
“I guess that I should watch my step.”
“Oh, God! Bean, what are you going to do?”
“Watch my step, I guess.”
“What do you say we christen this very special Fudgie the Whale cake—with sound advice from Peter Kern—an honorary Cream Sam?” Benjy interjected.
“Capital idea, Benjy. And let’s break open a bottle of Richie’s bubbly and toast to the summer of 1978—the Cream Sam Summer.”
“One for the books.”
“You two guys are whacked…really whacked,” Johnny B said with alarm in his voice. He then looked over at Benjy and me. His apprehensive frown became a smile and he started laughing—louder and more freely than I’d ever seen him laugh.


