
Criminal Offence :X

By Briana Lagos

Copyright 2010 Briana Lagos

Smashwords Edition


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you so much for your support of indie publishing!

Criminal Offence :X
Briana Lagos 

For my parents who support my deepest ambitions. Thanks guys!


Table of Contents

Preface
1. Partners
2. Childhood Friends
3. Fight
4. Date
5. Party
6. Kidnapped
7. Discover
8. Release
9. Kids
10. Camping Out
11. Cramp
12. Mother
13. Why
14. Game of Life
15. Dream
16. Explanation
17. Accidental
18. Waking Up
19. Therapy
20. Funeral
21. Resolution
Acknowledgements
About the Author

“you don’t expect anything from me
expect an ear to confide to,
a voice that does not judge,
yet still I look to you for a miracle”
- shesmolders

PREFACE

I remember when I was in middle school I had a friend named Alyssa. She was a self-declared psychic, which slightly made her a target for being made fun of and essentially an defaulted as an outcast. Of course, that didn’t stop her from reaching out and telling anyone their fortunes or futures. I was one of them. When she decided to read my palm one day, I was extremely nervous. For one, because I don't believe in this stuff, and for two, I do believe in this stuff (contradicting myself is a specialty of mine).
She grabbed my right hand firmly, looking it over for a minute before coming to a conclusion of what she discovered. 
“What would you like to know first?” She said, her eyes on me.
“Um....” I stuttered, “When do I die?” I lied. And of course Alyssa, being able to see past anyone’s little white lie, laughed.
“No, I know what you want to know.” Her eyes shifted towards my hand again, then she said, “You will have two loves in your life—not overall boyfriends or anything like that—just two people that you will really fall in love with. The first one you're going to find in a hazy mess, the cliché wrong place and wrong time. And you will lose him, eventually. But then you will find someone who will help you back up, as much as I can see.” 
I cautiously glanced in her eyes. She let go of my hand, and I slid it close to my body. 
“Do you wanna know your death?” 
I shook my head. 
“That's what I thought.” She grinned.

That memory of her reading refused to escape my everyday thoughts. As I lie a rose down at the scene that caused me pain so many years ago, a warm arm wrapped around my waist. Most times I think that things shouldn't have happened the way they turned out. But then, I realized this is how it was destined to pan out anyway.
1. PARTNERS

I ran my fingers through my hair as I got out of my car just in time for the school entrance bell to sound. I needed to see Kade. I had to see that bright smile usually pastured on his face most Friday mornings.
As I went to our usual morning spot, in the short distance I sighted a person leaning against the concrete wall wearing a familiar red hoodie. Jake Williams, Kade’s best friend. I bit my lip. Not the first person I wanted to see. I had my suspicions that he hated my guts. He always talks over me whenever I open my mouth to say something. And Kade barely notices how disrespectful Jake can be, no matter how many times I bring this to his attention. I try not to let it bother me much.
I gave him a curt greet. He gave me a slight grin and a nod. We stood in silence for a few moments before I spoke.
“So where's Kade?” I was still unsure what kind of a mood Jake was in today. I hoped it was good. 
“You'll never guess,” he smirked. “At Kristen's house.”
I gasped in a way that only a dramatic actress would on a Spanish soap opera. Kristen was Kade's ex-girlfriend—or (otherwise referred as) the “devil in leggings”. Kristen was always seen in them—had a pair in every color imaginable. She practically wore leggings everyday and her reasoning behind her favor in leggings was that it made her butt look cute. Which was true. Her butt (which she carefully hid around the administrators while stylishly showing off assets to the other students) was sculpted quite perfectly in them. Kristen was one reason why I don’t like leggings. The other reason because my butt looked deformed in them. 
Then Jake busted out laughing. “Oh my God! You should have seen your face. Priceless!” He snorted.
I gave a quiet 'humph' and felt a hand grasp my shoulder. I spun around to find Kade, my perfect, perfect boyfriend. I leaped up into his arms and gave him a kiss on the lips as I could hear a disgruntled sigh from his best friend. 
“You will not believe how easy it is to lie to your girlfriend,” he said. I glared at him but he ignored me, just like he always does. 
“Really?” Kade's eyes peered down to mine. I gave him the I-hate-your-friend-look but of course, oblivion masked his understanding. His friend may be an asshole but Kade will never know. 
“Dottie!” Janaki was coming towards with light green papers in her hand. She had her square black-framed glasses on. She always wore them when she felt she was doing something highly important. She didn’t need him—her eyesight wasn’t perfect but it wasn’t bad either. Her hair was down and her bangs were getting long as they covered her eyebrows. Her plaid flannel shirt nicely hugged her light-brown body. 
“Dutta,” Jake said, trying not to look like he was starring at her breasts but it was so obvious. “You're looking hot today.” 
“Oh,” She said, turning to him. “That's nice of you to notice.” She gave her fake smile and handed me one of the green papers from the stack she was holding. 
“What's this?”
“Why don't you read it first?” 
I skimmed through the paper and said to her, “You're on a mission to save the world again?”
Jake grabbed a flyer from her stack and raised an eyebrow as he gave it a skeptical once-over. “Were you always a vegan?”
“Well,” Janaki said, glancing up as if trying to recollect a memory, “I've been off and on with that diet in the past, but it's a fresh new start!” 
“But you're starting a club.” I said.
“Mrs. Sanders was happy to be the club sponsor,” she said, snatching the paper from back from Jake. “As we all know her as the only vegan teacher in this school.”
The first period warning bell rang and everyone began rushing to class. We said our goodbyes and I managed to slide into my seat in English class as the bell rang again. 
Ms. Miller was ranting on about something unrelated to class for the first couple of minutes. This was normal, Ms. Miller always had something to say about her personal problems. Then she began the class by telling us we needed to partner up. Oh crap. No. 
I turned my head the boy that sat next to me since the beginning of this school year, three months ago. Eric Grant. His dark hair covered his eyes, he didn’t make much of a motion. I really couldn't tell if he was even paying attention. He was acting like a statue!
“Uh....” I said.
“So would you like to be my partner?” Eric said, turning his gaze to me. I could see his eyes were remarkable light shades of gray. Wow. That's actually the first time I could recollect seeing his eyes. They were really nice. 
“I guess.” I took out a notebook from my backpack, and flipped to a clean page. “What are we suppose to do?” I asked, and then realized that was the stupidest question ever. 
“If you were paying any attention,” he said, a little harshly, “we have to research a classical writer.”
“Oh. Who are we researching?” 
“Not our choice. Ms. Miller’s telling us.” I could tell by the roll of his eyes that he thought I was an idiot. I was getting pissed. I hated it when people think they know everything. Just because my mind was somewhere else for the moment didn’t insinuate that I’m an idiot.
Ms. Miller finally came to my table and placed a blank paper on Eric's desk. “The name of the author is on the other side,” she muttered, and added with a whisper to Eric when she thought I wasn't looking, “and good luck.”
This time, I rolled my eyes. 
Eric turned the paper to the other side, which read in bold print, 'Katherine Anne Porter.' I didn't ask who it was. I didn't want to seem like a complete idiot if she was classically well known. 
“I don't know her.” Eric glanced at me.
I brightened up just a bit. “Me neither.” I wrote the name down in my notebook, to make it seem like I was already on the job to search the mysterious author. Ms. Miller was already at the front of the room again. She cleared her voice and this time I listened closely. 
“The writers that I've assigned are not as well known as you may hope and are scattered in different genres of literature. What I want you to do as partners is to write a brief biography and find at least two pieces of work or passages by that author that you enjoyed. You must analyze at least one of the pieces.”
A girl raised her hand. “When will this be due?”
Ms. Miller sighed. She went to her bulletin board and nodded her head as she glanced the calendar. “Three weeks from today.”
Pretty easy assignment and lots of time to do it. I'm beginning to like Ms. Miller.
The bell rang and I stood up putting my backpack on and grabbed my math textbook. Eric put his books in his bag and gave me a glance. It seemed he wanted to say something, but didn't know what to say. 
After a beat he said, “When do you want to start on it?”
I shrugged. “Whenever.” 
“Then Wednesday after school. At the library.” Obviously he meant public, which wasn’t too far from the school. The school library was closed after school was over. 
“Yeah, sure.”

Janaki took another sip of her water and scribbled something else on her notebook paper. Then she flipped through her textbook to write another thing down. 
“You know,” I started, “it's really lonely when I'm the only one who finished the homework for the classes after lunch.” I sighed and took a bite out of my chicken sandwich.
“You know,” she countered, grabbing some chips off her tray, “some people have to go to the ranch to make sure their horse is still alive.” I shook my head and she added, “Not only that, but having to make her little brother get his ass back in the car and go home.” She chuckled. “Brian is such a brat.”
“At least your brother is cute and adorable.” I glanced over at one of the pictures on my binder of my little sister smiling brightly as she posed for the camera. “My sister is so annoying!”
Janaki gave me a look of disbelief. “Nu-uh. You're little sister is so adorable. She always wants to hang out with us.”
“Exactly my point.”
“Cute. Emily's cute.” She smiled at me and I stuck out my tongue.
Janaki closed her textbook. “Oh! Who did you have to pair up with for Ms. Miller's class?” 
“Ah, you know that kid—Eric Grant?” I asked. 
Her eyes widened in shock and her jaw dropped. Like if she was chewing gum right now, it would have fallen out epically. “No. Freaking. Way.”
I nodded.
“Why?”
“He sat next to me since the beginning of school. Well, technically sat next to him. He was sitting there before me on the first day of class.” I took a sip of my drink. 
“You never told me that,” she said, now suddenly intrigued enough to forget about her homework completely.
I acted like it was nothing. “Never was a main concern of mine.” 
“What's he like now?” She smirked. Everyone knew what he was like.
“Quiet, boring...mean.” I added. 
“Eric, my-oh-my. How did you get so lucky?” The bell rang and we both stood up from our table and headed towards the door. There was a crowd around the entrance and a lot of pushing a shoving. We waited a few feet away. “Oh. Dottie?”
“Hmm?”
“Are you sleeping over tonight, or was I dreaming that?”
“...I don't know. You tell me.” I gave her a playful grin.
“Well if you are sleeping over, expect loud noises from the neighbor.” Of course. Janaki was referring to the teenage boy band that frequently practiced in the garage next door. I think they're going for post-alternative.
Janaki and I parted ways to go sixth period while I mulled over Eric.
He wasn't always hated and thought of as strange. He had friends, but one summer something weird happened. Three of his friends died mysteriously while a bunch of them just disappeared. Or moved, I guess. But they were never heard from again. It could all have been a coincidence, the police suspected some sort of cult thing. After that, no one bothered him mainly because they didn't want to be anywhere near him.
I had to admit, even I was scared of him for a while...well still am. It's too strange to be a coincidence, way too strange. 
But that all happened two years ago. The investigation was put in the back burner, the bodies were found, and the funerals were given. During those darkest days, he was nowhere to be found. 

I drove back home and checked the mailbox. Still haven't gotten a letter from Taylor. My cousin hardly replies back to any of the letters I sent. Well so much for trying to keep in touch. Mom was home today, probably trying to come up with something to write. She works for a entertainment magazine, writing movie reviews on romantic comedies.
“Hey mom,” I said as I passed her. She nodded without looking up, so I know not to bother her at this crucial moment of writing up her next review.
I dropped my bag on my bed and turned to my mirror. Jeez, I looked a mess. My blonde hair was all frizzy, usually because of the weather. My blue eye shadow was also wearing off, not that it mattered now. The only thing I have planned to do is go over at Janaki's after dinner. 
“Dorothy, I'm going to pick up Emily!” Mom called from the front door, which she slammed before I could respond back to her. 

“That’s gross! ”Janaki said as she was carefully painting one of her toenails a bright shade of purple. We were discussing some of the Cosmo Sex tips I pulled up on my laptop. They were just getting more ridiculous as I scrolled down the page.
“This is really boring.” I said as I exited out of the tab.
“I never said this sleepover was destined to be entertaining.” She was blowing on her toe now. 
“We should do something,” I said, eyeing the glowing orange numbers on her alarm clock. “It's only 7:40.” 
She sighed. “What would you like to do?” 
“I don't know...catch a movie.”
“There's nothing good. In fact the movies are all crap. So repetitive, I've seen it all.”
I raised an eyebrow. “Riiiggghtt.” I opened a new tab on my laptop, typing in my favorite search engine.
“What are you doing?” She asked.
“Let's go to the park.” I offered.
“And do what there?”
“Why do we always have to have a plan?” I whined. “Can't we just go somewhere?” 
But before she could answer, we heard a loud rumble next door, then the loud pitch of an electric guitar. Janaki pointed her finger at her window. “And miss this?” She smiled.
I glared at her but she just laughed. I typed in my name in the search engine and clicked on the first random website that popped up. Apparently, “Dorothy Fane” is a neurosurgeon located in Florida.
Janaki glanced over at the screen, “I see we're looking up ourselves.”
“You're not very good at keeping your guests entertained,” I muttered. Then I typed in her name, Kade's, and Jake's for the heck of it. “Got a yearbook?” I looked up at her.
“Not unless you want to go up in the attic.” She said, painting her fingernails now. I frowned. She smiled back. I glanced back at the computer screen, and typed in the first name I could think of: Eric Grant. 
Search results came up that I least suspected. Headlines read, ‘Boy in charge of it all’ ‘Teen Murderer?’ ‘Kid's friends disappearance a coincidence?’ I thought police weren't supposed to give out names when the suspect is underage. Well...we're not underage now.
“You’ve got a newfound obsession of this guy, huh?” Janaki's voice made me jump. I didn't hear her sneak up from behind me. 
“I'm not obsessed,” I said, closing my laptop. “I'm just bored.” 
“Sorry,” she said, blowing on her hands now, “Can't help you there.” I glanced down at the carpet, tracing the swirling patterns with my eyes. I guess she noticed because she said, “I never told you this, but I was like best friends with Eric when we were in the third grade.” 
I gazed at her. She was entertaining me now. 
“It was a brief friendship, about six months before all the boys and girls made fun of us for hanging out because we were opposite genders.”
“Really?” I asked, and she nodded. I wasn't didn’t go to the same elementary school as Janaki. I met her in middle school school and she acted like she barely knew Eric then. “What was he like?”
“He was nice and really funny. I guess we were both funny. I don't know...we just had a lot in common at that time. We would joke a lot, in fact we were inseparable.” She grinned. 
“You guys weren't friends again after the whole...‘cooties’ era?” I air quoted.
“Sure we talked some, not a whole lot. People change, you know.” She shrugged. “And then after that whole incident...”
“...You never spoke again.”
“He never spoke to anyone again.” Janaki shook her head. “Well...not until you.”
“We're partners!”
“Yeah, Eric never has partners. In fact, he even made sure the teacher understood that he's not a group activity person. They didn't mind. Or maybe they were too terrified to refuse.” 
The thought of any teacher crouching in fear of refusing Eric's request made me laugh.
Janaki raised her eyebrow, but I waved her off. 
Then a thought came to mind. “Did you ever have a crush on him, Janaki?” 
“Well...” She put her finger on her chin, “no. I don't think so.” Then she made a face at me. “Why, do you?”
“No, no, no, NO!” I spoke really fast, waving my hands in front of my face. 
“So quick to answer,” She found a notebook from under her bed, and reached for a pen on her desk. I swear I heard her murmur, “You’re in denial,” under her breath but I didn’t acknowledge it.
I glanced as moved her pen on the notebook. “Now what are you doing?” 
“Um...drawing,” she said.
My brows furrowed. “But you suck at drawing.”
“Hey! Let me do what I want.”
“Whatever.”
She was sketching her pencil from lines to more lines. I looked around her room, seeing the oh-so-familiar posters hanging on her wall. She was infatuated with the actor Shia Labeuof and watched any of the movies he starred in. The obsession was okay, really. But every time I sleep over, I feel like he himself was really staring at me. It's kind of creepy, knowing someone is watching you at night. I mentioned that to Janaki once, but she thought that was kinda hot.
My attention now went to her bulletin board. Photos of people that matter in her life were pinned on it. My eyes still light up when I see the picture of us when we went to a camping trip for our Girl Scout troop in the seventh grade. We had wet hair, pulled back in a ponytail, and had our bright green “We Believe” t-shirts on with big smiles plastered on our faces. Next to that picture was another of the whole troop before we swam in the lake. We barely keep in touch with the other girls now. 
“Wanna watch a scary movie?” Janaki asked, not looking up from her paper. 
“Well it’s better than nothing.” I said. She stood up and walked out the door as I followed close by. She went to the kitchen first to microwave some popcorn and get soda from the refrigerator. I went to her living room where her plasma screen was located and sat on the floor. Underneath her TV was shelf of the Dutta's collection of horror movies. Her parents are movie-people. Had every genre neatly shelved in alphabetical order. Sadly, no romantic comedies in this house. I looked through the Grudge series, then The Saw series, finally found a movie I didn't see yet, Silent Hill. 
She came in the room, putting the popcorn and drinks on the coffee table, sitting on the couch next to me as the previews shown. She glanced at the open DVD cartridge. “Decent pick.”
She sat down on the couch with her legs crossed turning on the TV screen with the remote. 

The movie didn't scare me as I thought it would, it was actually just kinda gross. But I couldn't sleep well at night. It wasn't because of the movie that caused my sudden insomnia, but more so of the info Janaki gave me on Eric while we were watching the movie. 
She said that Eric would always talk about scary movies. He was fascinated with them. In fact, because of him, Janaki herself got into them. But she always thought that Eric was a bit creepy about it. She would describe Eric idolizing the bad guys. How smart they were, the careful measures they took. But bad guys always lose in the end. She didn't get that and neither did I. Even if everyone always mentions wouldn't it be cool if the bad guys win, just one time! But yet, no one has the heart to actually do that with his or her own stories. 
I drifted off to sleep, eventually...thankfully. Still, the thoughts of Eric floated in my head, beyond my control.

2. CHILDHOOD FRIENDS

School was an amazing drag on Monday and Tuesday. Kade got a cold and Janaki was secretly dating Jake now, which annoyed me to no end. She's not very good at keeping secrets and Jake is no help with that at all. It started on Monday morning, when I found Jake in his usual spot, but this time Janaki was there before I was. He broke the news that Kade was sick, and I questioned Janaki why she was there early. Jake snorted and she gave him a disproving look. The worst was yet to come.
When they thought I wasn't looking, Jake sneaked a kiss her way, which led to her ear instead of her mouth. I had to bit my tongue in order for me not to laugh out loud at his fail. I decided to corner her into telling me her “secret” relationship with the worst guy on Earth during our lunch period.

I sat down in my seat at English getting out my notebook and a pen I found out of sheer luck at the bottom of my bag. Eric, of course, was already sitting at the desk before anyone was even in the classroom. He gave me a quiet nod, and I gave him one back. We haven't talked since we were assigned as partners. I was beginning to think he already finished the work without me. But at the end of English, he reminded me something that I have completely forgotten. 
“So I'll see you at the library at 3 o'clock, okay?” He probably knew I would forget, and went kind on me. His gray eyes were locked into my brown ones.
“Uh...yes.” I could only utter.

Janaki was already sitting at a table, doing her forgotten homework per usual. She had an apple in her left hand she was slowly eating as she wrote quickly with her right hand. 
“Hey Jana,” I said, pulling my bag strap from my shoulder. She pushed a brown bag my way. I opened it to see an apple identical to hers, a ham-and-cheese sandwich, and a bag of Cheetos. “Nice.” I grinned at her.
“Need something?” She said, scratching her head with eraser side of the pencil. 
“Just wanted to ask, how's it going with Jake?” 
Her eyes were wide and she dropped her pencil on her book as she flustered a bit. “So you can tell.”
“I'm not that stupid, Jana,” I said, pulling the sandwich out of the bag.
“Well, at least I don't have to hide it from you.” She grabbed her pencil and spoke in a low voice, “but I still don't want people to know I'm dating Jake Williams.”
“Ew,” I said, giving her a disgusted look. She laughed and continued eatin her apple. 
“Oh, but he's an excellent kisser.”
“Ah...double ew!”
“Want me to triple that ‘ew,’ Dottie?” She asked.
“Please, for the sake of me keeping lunch down, don't,” I said and quickly changed the subject. “I have to go to the library today to do research on that English assignment.”
“Oh yeah?” She said, “With Eric right?”
I nodded and hummed 'M-hm'. 
She gave me a sly smirk. “Have fun.” I was then reminded that Janaki wasn't stupid either.

I came to the library on the exact time Eric told me. For some reason, I always happen to be at places at the exact time I’m told to be. It’s a weird gift I have.
Eric was already at the entrance of the library, as expected. He had his phone out and glanced at me as I came towards him. He didn't smile and I didn't either. But we noticed each other—I guess that was good enough. He opened one of the double doors for me, revealing a huge desk with a librarian sitting behind it. She looked like all the librarians in the movies: her hair pulled back in a tight bun, thick glasses, probably in her 60's. But she didn't have that ‘Be quiet’ obnoxious look on her face, instead there was sweet and sympathetic smile.
“Hello Eric!” She greeted him as if he was a long lost friend or something. Her eyes then shifted towards me. “Who's your friend?”
“My name is Dorothy Fane.”
She beamed. “Pleasure to meet you, Ms. Fane.”
I gave her a small grin.
Eric moved quietly towards one of the computers with the library search engine on it. He typed in 'Katherine Anne Porter' and he wrote down information on the books location. 
“Why don't you go sit at a table, and I'll go get the books,” he whispered to me. 
I walked towards a table by a large window, and put my bag down. He came back with the books in a flash. It was obvious he knew the place well. 
“Here.” He handed me a book. I glanced at him but he was too busy putting his stuff down and taking out a folder and pen from his backpack.
We then sat in silence for about ten minutes, and I barely read through the first chapter of Porter's Biography. Part of that was because I was a slow reader, and part because I wanted trying to gather up the courage to ask Eric about his knowledge of the library. Even though it wasn't an important question, I just wanted to break some part of the ice between us.
“I uh…” I began and his eyes rose from the book. His deep gaze made me feel nervous. “Have you been here a lot before?”
“I used to come here a lot in my sophomore and half of my junior year. Then I stopped, I dunno why.” He said, shrugging. He flipped to the next page of his book, obviously trying to signal that he was busy taking notes. I glanced over my book, sighing at myself for even trying with him.

We stayed at the library until 5:30. I didn’t even realize that it until Eric gently put his hand out towards me, encouraging me to hand him the book. As he was putting them back, I glanced at his notebook filled with eight pages of notes. Then I stared back at mine, which was slightly pitiful—I only took up two pages.
As we headed out the door I tried to initiate another get-to-know-you conversation, only to downfall at another lame attempt. “So, how's your life going?”
I swear he gave m a playful smirked. “You expect me to answer that?”
I gulped and said, “No. Not really.”
“My life is going pretty swell,” he said with noticeable sarcasm. “Thanks for asking.” 
I chuckled hesitantly. Why was he making me feel so uncomfortable? I decided to give up and just talk about our paper. “Do you know how the format of the research is supposed to be?”
He was looking towards the horizon at the sun setting. I didn’t think he was going to bother answering my question, but he said, “We're supposed to do a three page research paper, and make a project board on our assignment. I mean, you would know if you were paying attention.” Surprisingly, he didn’t say that last part condescendingly. He was smirking at me.
I blushed. I don’t know why but I did. I looked away.

Emily was stuffing her face with waffles, so I hissed at her to stop it. 
“I don't care!” she said, taking another big fork full of waffles. 
“If you keep eating that way, you're going to get a stomach ache! And mom and dad aren't here today, so I really don't want to call them up and say you got sick! You know how bad that will look for me?”
“Are we going to the ranch today?” Emily asked, retracing back to the conversation we had this morning so I could get her out of watching endless cartoons on television.
“I don't know. I'll have to call Jana,” I said, getting up from the table to put my plate in the sink. It was finally Saturday, and in late notice, I had no more plans. Kade had gotten better, showing up to school on Thursday, but he broke the news to me that he had to go to his grandmother's funeral this weekend, because she recently died on that morning. And since I found out I’m free, I decided to give my parents a day to themselves by looking after Emily. 
“I'm bored.” She complained, folding her arms across her chest. She finished her plate of waffles.
I forgot that Emily is the hardest child to take care of. “I'm calling her, I'm calling her!” I said, already getting annoyed in the first hour alone with my sister. I grabbed the phone from the kitchen, instantly dialing Janaki's number by memory. 
A rough, all-too-familiar voice answered on the other end. “What do you want, Fane?” 
“Jake?” I exclaimed, my eyes probably wide. He sounded...tired. “No.” I whispered, as hundreds of things went through my mind. Pictures in my head I probably shouldn’t elaborate on—let alone keep on thinking of. 
I shut my eyes hard and they went away. “Wha—?” Then I heard Janaki talking in the background. There was quiet bickering and then some resolution.
“Hello?” Janaki said, sounding a bit tired as well. Great. Brings back the images.
“Janaki! What the hell is going on over there?” I said, harshly, forgetting my sister was sitting right at the table just a couple of feet away.
“Oh stop worrying. We didn't do anything.” She comforted. 
Thank God! “But why is he at your house?”
“He had nothing better to do today. Jake came to my house, uninvited,” she replied simply.
“Well as long as—nothing happened?” I asked again.
“Not unless you call making out as something of a potentially cause for pregnancy.” She said rather innocently. I laughed. 
Then my sister gave me a glare. I gave one back, sighed, and asked, “Are you planning on going to the ranch today?” 
“Well, on the news it said 50 percent chance of rain today.” Her voice flat, so I knew she didn't care about the rain all that much, “Yes, I'm going. Why?”
“Can Emily and I come too?” 
“Damn—the car's gonna be full, but sure. Why not.”
And that's what I was afraid of. “You mean Jake's coming too?”
“Yes Jake is coming. In fact, what is your problem with him anyway? He's been a joy to be arou—Hey! Stop teasing Teddy!” She shouted in the phone.
“Okay, Jana…my ear.” I said, rubbing it as I placed the phone on my other ear.
“Oops! Sorry Dottie.” But she was probably smiling. 
“I could just drive my car there,” I offered. 
“No Dottie!” She said, “My car's a piece of crap and all dirty. Your car's shiny and beautiful. I wouldn't want to get an ounce of dirt on that thing. I'm driving.” 
I grinned. Janaki was always so giving. “I Love you SO MUCH.” I emphasized. 
“I know. I'm amazing like that. I'll see ya later.” 
I clicked the phone back on the receiver, and Emily said, “So?”
I sighed. “We're going to the ranch.”
She had her hands into fists, raised them up, then pulling them down in a slow jazz move. “Yes!” 
“Go get ready, Janaki will be picking us up in a few.” She pushed back from her chair, jumped off, and ran upstairs to her room. I grabbed her plate to put in the dishwasher. Then I cleaned up the kitchen a bit so mom wouldn't have to do much.
I went upstairs to get ready myself. I opened my closet, searching through my clothes. I chose a blue top and some random pair of light gray skinny jeans that I haven’t touched since summer. I went to the bathroom to do my hair and makeup and settled for a ponytail and some blue eyes shadow with a bit of eyeliner.
Emily ran up to the bathroom, stopping at the door. “I'm ready! Now let's go!” I looked at Emily to make sure that she chose her clothing well. She wore her favorite pink flower pattern shirt, and blue jeans. Although her blond hair was still bed-head messy.
“Am I doing your hair?” I asked
“M-hm.” And she sat on the toilet seat, facing the shower curtain, so I could do my normal procedure. She swung her legs as I finished with her pigtails. 
“There. Now we can go,” I said, but remembering, “As soon as Janaki gets here.”
She dramatically sighed so I shot a glared at her. 

“We're listening to The Killers, and that's final,” Janaki said, inserting a CD in her car. 
“I don't like them,” Jake said, crossing his arms across his chest. “They're too whiny.”
“Hey! My car, my music. And you're just going to have to respect that.” She gave Jake a smile as she pulled out my parent's driveway. 
I sat on the left side of her small car, letting Emily and Brian sit next to each other. I had a feeling this was going to be an awkward friend’s day out. For one, Jake was here. And for two, I don't do third wheels. Well, fifth wheels, if you really consider Emily and Brian as a couple. But they weren't old enough to understand that.
“You're being extremely quiet,” Janaki said, looking through her rear-view mirror. She smiled for a second at me, and then went back to focusing on the road. “What's up?”
I shrugged, but then remembering that her eyes were on the road. “Nothing.”
Jake twisted his head towards me, appearing as if he wanted to say something, but shook his head slightly and turned back. 
Next to me, Emily and Brian were conspiring, probably, and laughing like crazy. I sighed softly, and leaned against the window, staring at the uninteresting trees that passed by.

The sun attacked my face with its harmful rays. I hated the sun, it's always too bright and too hot anytime you see it. Doesn't matter if you're in the coldest place in the world and freezing to death (of course then you would be thankful for the sun) you can feel the heat once the sun is in vision.
I found a table-bench with a shade over it. I decided to focus on Emily and Brian who were at the small pond in front of me. Emily was staring at the orange fish swimming while Brian was in the tall grass, catching something. After awhile he popped up and had a brownish-green blob in his hand. It was then I realized that it was a toad.
Brian went to Emily to show her. She squirmed at first but eventually lifted her hand to pet it. The sight made me crack a smile.
Someone suddenly tapped me on the shoulders. Whoever it was immediately sat down next to me, and I turned my head. It was Jeremy Ortiz. He was Miguel Ortiz’s son, the owner of the ranch Janaki's horse lived at.
 I haven't been at the ranch since last summer, yet Jeremy looked completely different. He grew out his hair enough to gel it back but his skin the same shade of dark brown. And his face looked more mature than his baby face that I remembered last year. But his eyes were still the same: wide and dark brown. He smiled and showed his white teeth. 
 “Hey Dorothy, it's been a while.”
“Yeah,” I said. “You've sure changed a lot. Summer's been good to you, I guess.”
“Nah, not summer. I didn't wake up and suddenly saw this in the mirror. It was a process.” His voice faded at his last sentence, something else caught his attention. “Who'd Jana bring?”
“Huh?” Then I glanced at the direction that held his gaze. “Oh, that's Jake. He's Janaki's boyfrie—” He turned back to me, giving me a puzzled expression. “Well, I guess it doesn't matter if you know. You don't even go to our school. Janaki is ‘secretly dating’ Jake.” His face slightly became a frown, which made me feel bad. I forgot he had a crush on her. So I wanted to change the subject “You're a sophomore this year?”
He nodded, stretching out his arms. 
“Nice. Any hot girls?” I playfully punched him in the arm.
He blinked at me. “This conversation is so not happening.”
I gasped. “Jeez, at least I tried.” I crossed my arms.
He spoke, “So then, what’s going on with you?”
“Eh… same old.” I waved my hand around.
“Well, um. Any hot—”
“Don't even.” I smirked and he laughed.
“You're not going to believe this,” Janaki came towards us, her face absolutely glowing, “but Lacey's pregnant!”
I stood up, Jeremy following my lead. “Wow, that's uh... something.” I tried my hardest to look excited for her, but I honestly wasn't. She barely noticed though, running back to the stables where Jake was petting Lacey’s nose. I bet he had no idea how to react to this news either.
Brian and Emily came up from behind us, probably wondering what all the fuss was about. I took a peek into the stales, and stared at Lacey. Janaki’s horse had a caramel colored body and white legs. She never really wanted to cut Lacey's mane, so her hair fell right in front of her eyes.
Janaki took a carrot from a basket, and fed Lacey. 
“When did you find out?” Jeremy asked as a sly grin on his face grew.
“Wha—you knew!? And you didn't tell me?” Her hand almost disappearing in the horse's mouth, before she snapped it back out. “Close,” She muttered, rubbing her hand.
“And spoil the wonderful surprise? How could I?” He chuckled.
A woman with blond hair in her mid 30s, I think, came around the corner with a clipboard in her hand. She looked up, her bright blue eyes showing. “Friends of yours, Janaki?”
She nodded. “Yes ma’am.” 
The woman smiled softly. Flipping through her clipboard, she began walking away, doing something else.
“Tracey's always so busy,” Jeremy said.
“Has she always been here? I don't remember her.” I said.
“Tracey's new,” Janaki said, feeding Lacey another carrot. “Really sweet, but way too stressed out!”
“I would be too if I had to keep track of that many horses” I said in Tracey’s defense. Then I stepped next to Janaki to pet Lacey’s nose.  
Jeremy said, “Want to know who the father is?” 
“That would be nice,” I said under my breath.
“Well... am I going to like the father?”
“Depends on… if you like black horses?” Jeremy shifted his weight and I burst out laughing. Jake did too.
“Wow Jer, I'm not racist.” She chuckled. “Who is it?”
“Wonder.” Jeremy said in a very serious tone.
Her eyes widened. “Wonder got Lacey pregnant? No freaking way!” Wonder is Jeremy's horse. He was born around the same time Lacey was. 
“Hate me now?”
“Not unless you planned it.” She wagged her finger at him. I looked over at Jake who seemed utterly lost. Jeremy and Janaki were friends since they were kids. Whoever said childhood friends never last was wrong when it came to them. 
I watched as the two exchanged happy glances. Then Jake came by me as if I could have been reading his mind and asked, “What's the history behind them?”
“Childhood friends.” 
“Oh,” He said, in a sad tone. “That close,” He muttered, thinking that I may have not heard him. I felt slight pity for him; I guess he really did care for Janaki.
But as Emily and Brian crossed me to go pet Lacey, I thought more on the concept of childhood friends. I never had a friend all the way back in Pre-K that grew up with me up until now. Sure, you have friends every grade, but do those people ever end up sticking with you? Those people who've had childhood friends are so lucky. The one you have grown up with—the one you may end up trusting in the end.
If only everyone could have that special friend from the beginning.
3. THE FIGHT

The rain pounded softly on my rooftop. I loved the rain, but I could never sleep during even the quietest thunderstorms (not that storms could be that quiet anyway). I decided, since I had nothing better to do, to look through my old yearbooks. I found them stuffed under my bed with a bunch of other unknown crap I kept. Carefully, I grasped the one from my tenth grade. 
The cover had a paw-print etched on it, with the caption “Go Wolves”. I opened the book to the first page and glanced at some of the signatures and messages left to me.
I skipped pass that and flipped to the pictures of students. I think I have changed a lot since then. For instance, my hair grew out longer and that was also the time I decided I wanted to grow out my bangs. And my braces came off at the end of tenth grade. Just thinking about that made my teeth ache. 
My eyes then fell onto Eric’s picture, two pictures away from my own. Fane, Grant? I noticed that Eric doesn't look much different than he is now, except now that his face was angled maturely than two years ago. It also seemed like Eric was happier that time, which he probably was until that summer. 
I kept thinking about that more than I should have. And I've come to realize that whomever Eric comes across in this small town, he will always get dirty looks. I know everyone must be thinking: “He got off so lucky, that Eric Grant. Everyone knows he killed those boys. He made those others scared to death and they ran away.” And I just felt bad for him now. But that was still bothering me—that fact that he might have...
And then I snapped the book shut. I don't know why I did—maybe I just didn't want to face the facts. Why, all of the sudden, was I even caring at all for Eric Grant? I never spoken to him, never even noticed him. He’s just the kid who probably killed his friends. And now I can't even stop thinking about him?
“There's something wrong with me,” I said aloud. 

When I got to English, Eric was there. He took out his binder and pen without so much as a glance at me when the door creaked open and shut. 
I sat down on the chair, getting things out of my bag, when he spoke up.
“Hi Dorothy.” I could tell his body was turned to me, so I spun in my seat to face him.
“Hi, Eric.” My voice sounded weird when I said his name, and the thought of that made my face feel hot.
He then spoke as if he was questioning his own idea. “Would you mind meeting me by the boy's locker room after school?”
“Uh, sure.” My brows must have furrowed in a confused expression, because smiled just a tad. The class started and everything was a blur from there.

When the release bell rang, I headed off to the boy's locker room, still wondering what Eric wanted. Lost in thought, I heard a loud bang against a door. It came from the outside of the boy’s locker room. I didn't want to get into the commotion, so I slightly peered from around the corner of the wall in which I could perfectly view a couple of boys surrounding one boy.
The other boys were punching him in the stomach, calling him nasty names—maybe even spitting on him. The hallway was dark because one of the lights wasn't working, so I couldn't tell who it was. He was leaning against the wall though, holding his right arm. I froze, not knowing what to do at that moment. 
“Why don't you fight?” A voice said, a voice that sounded all too familiar. The tall blond punched him again, and he hissed through his teeth in stinging pain. The other guys laughed around him, as if it was all some joke. 
My eyes were fixing better on the lighting, and I could see the faces now. Some of the guys were football players, the people I know that play with Kade. And…Kade? I could tell because he was wearing his football jacket. And the guy they were punching. The guy….
“Stop being such a pussy, Grant.” One of Kade's football friends said.
“Yeah, get up and at least try to fight us.” Kade kicked Eric's leg. Eric was now on the floor. 
I was trying to keep quiet, my breathing was getting loud. The whole sight was unreal to me. My boyfriend…and Eric. Why?
After a minute or two, the guys left Eric sitting on the floor, his hand still around is right arm. I didn't know whether to go up to him, or to just stay where I was. Maybe I should have just walked away. But then he stood up slowly, carefully holding his arm. He walked towards me (at least I think so) then stopped where I was standing. 
I looked up at him, and there was nothing. His eyes weren't swollen like I thought they might have been. His arm might have been bruised but I was gawking at his stomach. His shirt was pulled up a little, showing the red bruising. But there were dark bruises too—he’s been beat up before. My eyes flowed all around his body, which I never paid any attention to, until now. 
He knew I was exploring him, so he let go of his arm and pulled his shirt down. I gazed into his gray eyes, a pained expression reflecting back. 
“What…happened?” I had to ask.
He shrugged. “You saw everything. You tell me.” I didn’t say anything back, still in shock of the scene. I watched as he strolled down the hallway, without uttering another word.

The low-toned ring on the other end of the line kept me anxious. “Come on Jana. Pick up!” I muttered under my breath. I was on my way home after stopping by the supermarket to grab some milk as per mom’s request. Emily was taking dance lessons until 4:45, which left me about a half an hour before I had to pick her up.
Finally, she picked up. “Hello?”
“Jana! I need to talk to you!” I said, breathlessly.
The sound of clattered noise filled the air on the other end. “And you have me. What's up?”
But then I paused. How was I going to say this exactly? 'Hey, Eric Grant got beat up today, and I have my suspicions that that wasn't the first time', or 'My beloved boyfriend Kade was beating up Eric today'. The conversation starter had its limits. 
“Uh—hello? Dottie, you there?”
“Yeah.” I hesitated. “Um... I saw a fight.” I bit my lip.
“Really?! Do tell.” Janaki was always one for school fights. They amazed her, perhaps because she never witnessed one in all her years of high school. She never caught it unfold in time.
“It wasn't a great and wonderful thing, Jana. In fact, it was bad.” That’s all I could say without getting weird on her. 
“What happen?” Now she sounded worried, believing that I may have gotten in the middle of something.
“A bunch of jocks beat up this one kid,” I said softly, pulling into my driveway.
“And you know 'em, right?” She was so good.
“It was Kade and his friends.”
“Well everyone sometimes goes through a ph—”
“They beat up Eric.”
She was dead quiet. All I could hear was some breathing. “What?”
“Eric Grant.” I said slowly. 
“No way! Why would—”
“And I don't even think that was the first time,” I interrupted her. “He had a bunch of bruises on his stomach, it was so purple!”
“That's a lot of info. I don't know what you want me to say.” 
I headed towards my room now. “I guess I didn't want you to say anything. I just don't know what to do.” 
“This is just too weird,” she said as an afterthought. “Do you want me to come over?”
“No. I wouldn't want to bother you.” 
“No, Dottie! You wouldn't be bothering me one bit. Besides, Brian's driving me crazy. I need to get out of the house.”
“No Jana. I think I actually need to be alone. Thanks for the talk though.” I said, not regretting giving her a phone call. “I'll see you tomorrow.”
“Bye Dottie,” she said, and she didn’t hang up until after I did.
I pushed the end dial on my phone, tossing it on my desk. I did that a lot, so I wasn't afraid it would break. I was a crappy phone. And anyhow, if it did break it would be doing me a favor of being able to get a new one. I lay down on my bed, smothering my face in my pillow. 
The whole ordeal left me in a confusing state. I couldn't believe that Kade would be like that. I knew he could be a bit of a stereotypical jock, but that was on a whole different level. The image of Eric's stomach was forever in my mind. I closed my eyes and tried to think of something else. 
 
“Are you paying attention to me?” Emily waved her arms in front of my face. 
I shifted my eyes from the wall to my sister. She had this concerned look in her eyes. I wasn't thinking that she would see me like that. 
“What's the matter?” 
“Emily,” I chuckled. “How are you that smart?”
Her worried glance instantly turned into a delightful smile. “I'm just that smart.”
“Whatcha guys up to?” Dad's gruff voice filled the kitchen. He had a newspaper in his hand as he grabbed a mug for coffee.
“Something's wrong with Dottie.” Emily said. I sighed. 
“What's wrong Dorothy?” dad asked, sharing his concern look now.
“Nothing. Nothing is wrong with me. It's just…schoolwork.” 
“Lots of homework? Too much stress?” 
“Eh. Something like that.” Partly true. 
“Why don't you relax some and go out with Janaki. Or maybe that boyfriend of yours, Ken?”
I gave a small smile. “It's Kade, dad.” Kade, the events from the day before flashed in my thoughts again. I grimaced.
“Oh. Right, right.” 
I could hear mom’s feet patter down the stairs in a rush. When she came down she had a brief case around her shoulder, her hair loosely tide in a fluffy bun. She had a pen on her ear, and grabbed the loaf of bread from the top of the refrigerator. She took out a piece and put it in the toaster. 
“Hello mom.” I greeted her. 
“Hey Dorothy.” She nodded slightly at me. “Daniel, make sure you get Emily to her bus stop on time.”
“Yeah. What time was the stop again?” He asked.
“8:10.” Both my mom and sister replied. 
The toast popped up and mom applied butter and poured herself coffee into a thermal mug simultaneously. “Love you, love you, love you.” She pointed at each of us and blew a kiss goodbye.
“Bye mom!” I said, but she was already out the door. 
Dad rolled his eyes at my mother's big entrance and exit. “Valerie.” 
I glanced at the oven to see the time. “Oh shoot. I'm gonna be late!” I finished my orange juice and left it in the sink. Grabbing my bag, I ran to my car. “Bye guys.”

I arrived to school just as the warning bell rang. I grabbed my bag and then something sticking out of my seat caught my gaze. I reached for it, finding my favorite purple pen that I thought I lost at the beginning of this school year. “They you are!” I smiled, turning it over in my hand. “I've missed you.”
“Is this a wrong time?”
I turned my head to Kade, books in his hand. “Oh. Hey.” I said awkwardly.
He furrowed his eyebrows. “Something wrong.” 
“Nope.” I lied and slammed my car door. “Everything's fine.” I kissed him on the lips for a quick second. “I'm gonna be late. You too.” I pointed out.
He still looked at me, confused. “All right. See you around then.” 
I waved him off and walked to my first period. 

Ms. Miller was ranting about goat milk verses cow milk and which one is better for you. I ignored her as I set my things down. Eric wasn't here today and I wasn't surprised. And I was glad. It would make this day more awkward than it already is. But then the door creaked open, and everyone stared. Eric walked in swiftly, carrying a pink slip from the tardy table. 
He handed it to Ms. Miller. She nodded while smiling as he sat down next to me. He didn't say anything to me. Instead he focused his eyes on the front. 
Even when class was done he completely ignored me, walking out before I could even get a chance to speak to him. But what would I even say?

“Pluto to Dottie,” Janaki raised her eyebrows at me. Ever since Pluto was announced not a planet, she paid no mind to the scientists' discovery, and continued believing in Pluto. She even purposely answered a question wrong on her science test because of her beliefs. “Are you okay?”
“Confused,” I said, amazed at how my voice sounded tired. I took a fruit cup and the plastic spork from my lunch tray and ate.
“The fight still bothering you?” She said after a while.
I stopped eating and looked at her. “I don't know what to do. Should I break up with Kade? Should I talk to Eric? Should I just get in a spaceship and leave to Pluto?”
“I'll go with you.” She smiled, but then frowned when I glared. “Dottie, I wouldn't know either. This never happened to me before.” She realized something. “And what do you mean you didn't talk to Eric yet?”
“Exactly what I said. I didn't talk to him.”
“You should have! You should….” She whipped out a piece of paper from her black binder. “Invite him to the party happening this Saturday. Hosted by your favorite person of course!”
At first I thought she was talking about herself, but after reading the paper, she was saying the exact opposite, “Kristen Pegan?!” I said in a loud voice. Janaki shushed me. 
“How can I invite Eric to a party that I wasn't even invited to?”
“You are invited,” she said, in between chews of her salad. “She gave yours to Kade. You should have seen it,” She chucked, “She was all like, ‘Oh Kade. Hi! Come to my party! And can you give this to Dottie? Thanks a bunch!’ Such a fake.” She laughed again. “She is still into Kade, can you even believe it?”
“Hard to.” I said. I looked at the paper again.
“So invite him!”
I shook my head. “I don't think he would want to be at a party with all the jocks that beat him up.”
“He's putting up with school, isn't he?” She pointed out. “Plus, it'll be like an I'm-sorry-my-boyfriend-has-a-bad-temper apology.” 
I picked the paper up and gave it back to her. “Does he even go to parties?” 
“I remembered his mom held a birthday party once for him when he turned nine.” Her face appeared as if she was in a happy daydream. “Ah…good times.”
“If I bump into him today, then I will,” I said.
So that means you won't bump into him today, which was your main objective from the start?” She nodded, thoughtful. 
I shrugged. “Who knows, I might. It's all up to fate.”
“Well then I hope that fate is on my side today.”

My car was about the last one in the parking lot. I had to stay after to redo a Chemistry test that I missed when I was absent. There was a light rumble from the sky. I noticed a dark cloud heading towards me. 
A tap on my shoulder scared me senseless.
“I'm sorry.” Jeremy appeared in my view. 
“No, it's fine.” I smiled softly. “What you doing here this late.”
“Club,” He answered, but Jeremy gazed at me. He saw through my fake smile. “What's up?”
I couldn't take it anymore. “Gah! Why does everyone keep asking me that?”
He backed away. “Um, you're naturally a happy person. When you’re sad, everyone can easily see that.”
“Psh.” I shifted my eyes, opening my car door. “Get that from my mom.”
“Seriously though, what's going on with you?” he asked again.
I didn't want to tell him, but at the same time, Jeremy was a guy I could really trust. “Got a ride?” My arms spread to the car.
“Can I drive?”
“Over my dead body.” I said.
He laughed. “C’mon. Really?”
I looked over him. I knew Jeremy was a really careful person. And plus he is a sophomore. He's getting close to the driving age anyhow. And it’s a great time to learn. “Fine.” I sighed. I gently handed him my keys, as I rounded the car front to the passenger’s seat. When I got to my seat, Jeremy started the car. Boy, he seemed quite excited. 
“So what seems to be the problem?” he said, pulling out of the parking lot. 
“Oh. It's just...I'm speaking hypothetically here,” I began, “Let's say my boyfriend—”
“Oh.” He interrupted while grasping the idea in his mind. “You're talking about the beating Kade gave on Eric.”
My eyes widened. “You were there?”
“No.” he shook his head. “Jana told me.” He took a sharp turn to avoid a pothole in the road.
I furrowed my eyebrows. “How did she get a chance to talk to you?”
He laughed. “There's a thing called the library, Dottie. I know you may not use it as much, but I do and we happened to bump into each other.”
I glared at him. “Jana talks way too much.” I nudged him too. “And I do use the library for your information.”
“Didn’t doubt it for a second. Even you have to research.”
I looked out my window. “What should I do, Jeremy?” 
“You say this as if you had to choose good vs. evil. It's not that kind of choice,” he said. “People make mistakes. I just think you need to confront Kade.” 
“Look at you! You have more good advice than the people I turned to put together.” I moved my hands around, trying to bring emphasis to my statement.
We stopped at Jeremy's house. A small, cute blue house with the white garage door opened. Inside was his older brother working near the hood of a black SUV. 
“I thought he was at college right now.”
“He likes long drives, works better under pressure, and wants to annoy the hell outta me.” I laughed at that last remark he made.
 “Hey beautiful.” His voice next to me said as I got out of the car. A.J had a baseball cap on, a white t-shirt with holes, and blue basketball shorts. He had black oil smudges on his face. He was very lean and had a five o’clock shadow. Yup, pretty much an older version of Jeremy. 
“A.J, what are you doing here? I thought you were at USF.” I smiled.
“I came all the way here just to hit on you.” He answered, with a crooked grin. He patted my head as if I was a child and I stuck out my tongue at him. A.J was what Jana and I refered as a ‘generic hottie’. We knew our chances with him were very slim. For one thing, he treats us like he would treat a sibling (I do get the same treatment as Jeremy as a matter a fact). Another would be that he only dates super-mega-hot models. (And most of them were tall brunettes, I might add). But he never lasted with any of them. 
My phone rang. “Hello?”
“Dorothy?” It was mom. “Can you go get something for me?” 
Uh-oh. Not again. “Oh mom!” I slapped my forehead with my palm.
“I'm sorry, sweetie. Terribly sorry. But with so much work I'm doing lately, I never have time to get them.”
Yup. Mom wanted tampons, again with that. “Fine,” I sighed, defeated.
“You are a very wonderful daughter!” She said, delighted.
“Yeah, yeah.” I moved to the driver's side of my car, waving to Jeremy and A.J in the process. “Just try to remember that at Christmas.”
She laughed, but suddenly got anxious again. “Oh, I have to go!” Click.
I rolled my eyes. “Mom.” 

When I got to Rob's Quickie (as inappropriate as it sounds) there stood two teenagers and an older women giving away free kittens at the entrance. The box was torn away at the edges. As I walked in, I could see a bright blue blanket with 5 kittens dancing around on it. Those poor cats. So restless. 
I passed the candy aisle, heading straight for the aisle of feminine hygiene. I grabbed a brand that mom absolutely loved so much and took some pills for the cramps and mood swings my mom was sure to get. 
There was a short line to wait in. I crossed my arms with the in my chest. I tapped my foot slowly as the door chimed indicating another customer.
I looked to see who it was and could not believe my eyes. Eric. 
He was oblivious of my presence, heading to the direction of the pain relievers aisle. I stared blankly at him, my mouth probably opened in the shape of a small hole. He was wearing the same clothes from this morning, a black jacket with blue jeans. 
“Miss, excuse me.” A guy about my age waved his hand quickly towards me, in a rush. 
I went up to him, putting the items on the counter. He checked it off on his cash register. I gave him my debit card and he handed back my stuff in a plastic bag 
“You look familiar,” he said, sounding friendlier this time. 
I gazed at him for a second. “You too.”
“Must be in one of my classes then,” he mused. 
I felt for my phone in my pocket, checking the time. “Oh, crap.” I was going to be late picking up my sister. I spun around, not looking ahead and managed to bump into a tall figure. Well what do you know, Eric Grant. 
“Um sorry,” I mumbled. His gray eyes caught mine and I suddenly felt small, very small.
A slight smile spread on his face. “It's okay, Dorothy.” That was the first time he actually said my name in a friendly sort of way. It sounded absolutely so wonderful. 
Then that it dawned on me of the deal I made with Janaki. “Oh! Do you know about Kristen Pegan's party this Saturday?”
He twisted his head to the side, confused. “No.”
“Oh, I do!” The guy at cash register said. “It's going to be awesome! That girl is such a hottie. Man I would—”
“Anyway,” I continued, “Won't you come?” I know I sounded way too optimistic. I was setting myself up for disappointment.
“Hmm….” he looked away. “Maybe.” 
“Really? You mean it.” Okay, I'm going overboard with it now.
“I said maybe, it all depends.” He wouldn't say more, as he walked right pass me to the cashier. 
Maybe.

4. DATE

Kade took a hold of my hand as we walked our way towards his car. The night was cool, and the stars were shinning brightly in the sky. It was nice, but I knew this date's going to get super ruined by what I wanted to bring up at dinner. 
Today was Friday, and Kade was finally free. Well available, I guess. We had to catch up, with all that lost time. He wanted to suprise me tonight. So I had no clue where we were going to eat, until he pulled up at a restaurant. 
“Olive Garden?” I asked, flabbergasted. It was my personal favorite.
“Best restaurant in the universe, Dottie. Thought you knew that.” He smirked, eyes glistening.
I grinned back. “You're the best Kade.” I kissed him full on the lips, a little awkward since I still had my seat belt on. I ripped off and we proceeded into the restaurant. 
A pregnant woman, looked like she was fresh out of college, seated us in a booth at the far corner of the restaurant. Her blond hair was tied back in a ponytail, with her bangs hanging over her eyes. 
She smiled pleasantly at us, but I could tell it was a fake facade. “Welcome to Olive Garden. May I start you out with a drink?”
“Raspberry Lemonade for me,” I requested. 
Kade lifted his hand, making note of his presence. “Coke, please.”
She waved her pen at us. “Be back in a jiff.”
I took a deep breath. This wasn't going to be easy. I opened my mouth then closed it. Why ruin the evening now, we haven't even gotten our drinks yet.
“Dottie, you needed something?” His concern was clear.
Well he did ask. “Kade, I think we need to talk about something that's been bothering me.”
The waitress came back with our drinks. “Are you guys ready to order yet?”
“Just a couple of minutes,” he said, smiling at her so it wouldn't sound as mean. She nodded, walking into the backroom. “Go on.”
I took a long sip of my drink, to give reason dragging this on. No, I had to face it and bluntly said, “Kade, did you beat of Eric Grant?”
He's blue eyes widened a bit, but then he narrowed them. “Did he say something to you?” He took a hold of his drink.
“No, no. I—” I shook my head. “I…heard someone saw you beating him up,” I lied, “with your friends.”
Kade knew I knew, and was totally not going to lie now. “Perhaps, I can agree that may have went a bit to far.”
“A bit!” I exclaimed. He looked at me. I quieted down. 
“You haven't heard my side of the story.” 
“Okay then. Shoot.” I took a long swallow from drink, looking at him expectedly.
He cleared his throat as he began. “That kid's really weird, Dottie. Beyond weird.” 
I crossed my arms. “How so?” 
Kade put his finger up. “First, what do you want to eat?” He flipped open his menu that he hasn't touched since we were seated. I opened mine as well, choosing the first, cheapest, and appetizing dish that I could find.
“Chicken Parmesan.” I answered.
“Then I guess I'll have that too.” The waitress came as if summoned by our closed menus. 
 “You guys ready this time?”
“Yes, we would both like Chicken Parmesan, please.” He looked up at her as he handed her back the menus. 
“All right. Sounds good!” She nodded, courteously.
When she walked away, I motioned him to resume the conversation. “You were saying?”
“He believes that no one has hope at all.” He shrugged. “Like, if there was a Heaven and Hell, we would all just go to Hell. It's even weirder, and he's suppose to be Catholic.”
“He may just be confused.”
“Dottie, you shouldn't be hanging out with him.”
“He's my partner for English—”
“Understandable, but other than that—”
“I invited him to Kristen's party tomorrow.” I said, glaring at him. 
“What!?”
“I don't care if he has a freaking bird growing out of his head, Kade! You shouldn't have beaten him up.”
He was quiet for a moment. Then said, “Dottie, did I ever tell you that I used to be friends with Eric?”
My eyes furrowed. “Nu-uh! You too?” 
He looked puzzled. “What do you mean me ‘too’?”
“Janaki was friends with him.” As if he didn't know, they've known each other forever as well.
“Oh yeah.” It hit him. “Well I was Eric's friend late elementary and early middle school. It wasn’t until the end of the year that I thought he was strange.” He unfolded his napkin, placing it on his lap. “You know, I didn't think much of it, I always thought he was joking around, but….”
“But what? Come on!” I hassled it out of him. He then leaned in the table, careful to whisper to me.
“Eric is disturbed, Dottie. He likes to talk death, the supernatural in this twisted messed-up way. Even about God.”
“What about God?”
“Trying to understand if he's real or not.” Kade leaned back in his seat.
“That was in middle school!” I said, in Eric’s defense. “I've been around him a few times. He doesn't seem disturbed at all.”
“It's just a front he puts on. Don't you see? What do you think happened to Eric's friends that disappeared? How about the ones that died? We knew those kids, they seemed nice. Those kids were a mess, probably Eric's doing.”
“Why would he bother, Kade?” I leaned my head to the right, trying to comprehend. 
“He doesn't care about anyone. He wants everyone dead.” 
I considered Kade was just assuming about Eric's wishes for everyone around him, but I knew he was being dead serious at this moment. And it terrified me. He shifted his gaze and I took another sip of my drink.
“On lighter subjects,” he said, gazing at an abstract painting on the wall, “who are you going with to Kristen's party?” 
I tilted my head. “You, obviously. Right?”
“Yeah, I thought you were going with Janaki.” 
I thought for a second. “Is Janaki going with Jake?” 
He nodded. 
“Then I'm not going with her.” 
He raised his eyebrows. “You don't like Jake?”
I gazed at him, wide-eyed. “You should know by now that I don't like Jake! Where have you been, Kade?” 
He backed away in his seat. “Why are you all mad at me? You never said anything.”
But I shook my head furiously. “Whatever.” I noticed the pregnant waitress coming our way with a round tray in her right palm. 
She set the tray down for a second at the edge of our table. “Here you guys are,” she placed the plates on the in front of Kade and I. “You need anything else, some napkins...refills?”
I eyed my drink, which was half-empty. “Maybe some more?” She nodded and was back in a flash with a pitcher. “Anything else?” Kade began eating, and I grabbed my fork.
“No, thank you.” I smiled. “I have to say, you are absolutely glowing.”
Her green eyes lit up. “Oh, thank you! My husband teases me, saying that no one would really notice my full belly, let alone complement me.”
“You're married,” my voice loud in surprise.
“Psh.” she waved her hand at me. “I'm twenty-four fresh out of college. Trying to find some career at the moment. You guys still in high school?”
I nodded. “Last year.”
“Oh wow.” She said, then added, “I'm Caroline, by the way. And the reason I'm not wearing a name tag is because it's hidden somewhere, in my car... or apartment.” She shrugged.
“I'm Dorothy.” I lent my hand to her and then pointed at Kade, “That's my boyfriend, Kade.”
“How very sweet of you to take her out.” She shook hands with him. “Yup, if only my husband was still doing really romantic things for me. I'm telling you, ever since I got knocked up, he's been sitting around the house, more than ever. I thought that was supposed to be my thing.” 
“Is this your first?”
“Oh yeah. We got married in July.”
“So it's a honeymoon baby.” My eyes widened. “That's awesome.”
“You should have seen his family when they found out.” She recalled the memory. “I think my stomach was in the spotlight that whole week.”
We both laughed. Then she got serious. “Oh jeez! My boss is going to kill me! I'm socializing again.” She slapped her forehead. “I'll be back in a little with your check.” She said, gazing at Kade who was almost done with his food. 
I started eating mine, not noticing how hungry I really was.
We went on the rest of the night, talking about school, family, and friends. Even down to the extreme random. 
When we arrived to Kade's car, I was full, close to possibly throwing up if I ate anymore. Kade started up the engine, and we pulled out of the parking lot. 
He glanced at me for a quick second then focused his eyes on the road. His mouth curved into a smirk.
I was puzzled. “What?”
He shook his head and said, “Traded phone numbers while I was in the bathroom?” 
“Oh,” I said slowly. “Well...I liked her. She seemed very nice.” 
“Yes. And pretty too.” 
I glared at him, “Hey now—show some respect to your girlfriend.”
“You know what I mean.” He said. “We haven't had much of the night to ourselves, Dottie.”
I nodded. “School's been hectic.” I sighed. “So much for our romance.” He held my hand and I his through the short car ride. Then we talked nonsense again, until he got me home. 
I gave him a long kiss in the car to make up for the night. He whispered against my lips, “Goodnight Dottie.”

I woke up refreshed the next morning. Today was the day that Kristen had this magnificent party planned. I stretched my arms, sitting up in bed. Then I began my trip down the hall to the bathroom. I applied toothpaste on my toothbrush. My sleepy eyes didn't notice anything, but then I heard, “I'm in here, Dor.”
I turned saw my sister on the toilet. I blinked a couple of times before I sighed out, “You should have locked the door if you really valued your privacy.” I spat in the sink. “Emily, why did you say door?”
“Not door,” she hopped off the toilet, “Dor. It's shorter, easier to say. Where did Dottie come from anyway?”
I thought for a minute. Not having an answer, I confessed, “I really don't know. The R's are gone.”
“Exactly!” She exclaimed. I noted her long pink t-shirt that covered her whole body. “So I'm calling you Dor.”
I nodded, still too tired to think straight. “Okay. And you shall be called Em.” 
She smiled, excited. “Yes! I get a really cool nickname! I'll tell mom!” She bounced out of the bathroom, leaving me alone. “Thank you.” I said quietly, shutting the door. 
When I was done in the bathroom (which took only two minutes after Emily left) the doorbell rang. I didn't think anything of it.
But then mom hollered out, “Dorothy! It's for you!” 
“Hmm?” That was odd. I walked downstairs, still in my tank top and sweatpants—hoping to God it wasn't Kade or any other guy for that matter. I didn’t look my best. 
“Dottie!” Janaki exclaimed, her backpack around her shoulder, brown sunglasses a top her head. She was walking through the doorway, while my mother closed it. “The party's tonight. And when I got up this morning I realized that I had nothing good to wear. And then I thought of you, you have tons of nice clothes!”
I put my finger up to my chin, “Well that's not much of a deal for me—”
She nodded. “Then I grabbed my bag and brought over the finest clothes that I think would look good on you. Also the ones I never catch you wearing.” I caught her mischief grin.
Uh-oh. 
“Oh that's right. There's a party tonight, isn't there?” I forgot mom was still in the room. She nodded and wagged her finger at me. “Don't you dare do any drugs or drink.” She looked at Janaki. “Same goes for you. I know you're mom will kick your butt.”
Janaki smiled. “Always a pleasure to hear you lecture, Mrs. Fane.” 
Mom laughed, she loved Janaki. Pretty much the only friend mom trusts. I've had a hazy past, filled with the worst influences. 

	“Would you like some breakfast to eat, Janaki?” Mom asked.
“If it isn't too much, whatever you guys were originally planning.” 
“Fine. Pancakes it is.” Then mom headed back to the kitchen. Janaki and I walked back up the stairs to my room.
She dropped her bag on my bed; it was pretty much shaped like a ball. She unzipped it, and everything inside spilled out like too much stuffing in an old teddy bear. Along with the clothes was a book of math puzzles. 
“What's this?” I asked, grabbing it. I flipped through a couple of pages, noticing that it was filled with all her work and answers. 
She glanced up from sorting her clothes. “Oh, that's Sudoku. Got it at the dollar store after Mr. Geenie's discussion of ‘unsolvable’ or ‘answer-always-the-same’ problems.” 
“You like doing this stuff.” I said, reading some of the answers. 
She went back to her clothes. “Well, it seemed interesting. And I've got to admit, it really is.” 
I raised my eyebrows. “No way.”
She blinked at me. “Oh, you don't feel the same way me and Mr. Geenie feel? That's sad, Dottie. I had so much hope for you.” She held out a shirt. “Now why don't you try some of my clothes?”

I love Janaki, really I do. But her clothing style is totally indie! And I'm not saying I hate indie, I just don't like it. A bunch of people taking a stand...for what exactly though? Janaki was indeed indie, all the way. She dressed like it, she listened to it, and the only think missing was her amazing skill at taking those pictures. She also sucked at Photoshop. She told me she didn't have the time of day for that either. 
Nope. Too busy don't math puzzles, I guess. 
I think it's weird that Janaki just now wanted to borrow clothes. I don't think she likes the way I dress, either. I'm more of the preppy sort, with clothing from those very best preppy stores. I liked them, she didn't. End of clothing story. 
I put my arm through one of the sleeves and the other. I buttoned up the shirt a little, then looked in my door mirror. 
“That looks so good on you!” Janaki appeared behind me in the mirror, already wearing a bright blue shirt of mine. 
I turned. “I'm not into rainbow-ish plaid, Jana.” 
She nodded, as if she didn't say that complement just a second ago. She fumbled through some more clothing on my bed, and gave me this long purple shirt. “It's one of those shirts that go up to your butt, you can where them with legging—”
My eyes widened and I yelled, “NO LEGGINGS!”
Janaki backed up, putting her hands in front of her face. “Okay, okay. No leggings.” She was looking through the clothes again, then finally exhaled. “Dottie, why don't you look through the clothes, it would be so much easier. I got to go closet hunting.”
“You mean, in my closet?”
She rolled her eyes. “Where else?”
We both spent the next few minutes in silence (except for the occasional shifting of hangers) and I finally found something I liked, the same time she found something too.
“I'd like to wear this,” She showed off my polo lavender shirt and a light gray undershirt. “What bottoms are you going to wear?” I asked.
“Eh,” She glanced back in the closet. “I would borrow a pair of skinny jeans, but I don't think we're the same size around the waist. I think I got something that looks perfect with these back at home. What did you choose,” She finished in a question.
I showed the black top, the long one, suitable for wearing leggings. “I'm going to wear skinny jeans.” I decided at that point. 
She nodded her head slowly, “Gotta say—it would look fantastic with something different like that. Question is, what color?”
Well, I only had a couple. A bright red that I never wear to school, normal blue, and black. I didn't have many choices. 
Janaki snapped her fingers. “I know what would look absolutely perfect! That pair of gray and white jeans I saw at this one store.”
“Jana, I don't have the money.” I shook my head.
“Oh, come on! It was at a thrift shop.”
“I don't shop there.” I said, much to my disgust, sounding like a stuck-up. 
“I shop there a lot. And I noticed it only to be eight bucks. I think in your size too! We could go look for it.” Her hands were all over the place, as if trying to persuade me to buy a crummy house. But I at least had to get a grand tour inside, who knows? It could actually really be nice.

I bought them. I love them. We got to the thrift shop, a bunch of cars parked around. And when we came inside, there was crappy stuff everywhere. I was beginning to forget about the jeans Janaki fantasized. And then we were in the clothing part of the place.
Nothing particularly nice about the clothes there. But then again, all that was running through my head was: People wore these. They not new. They're not fresh. Stains, rips, tons of bad memories. And then I bumped into Janaki because she stopped abruptly. She whipped around in a flash, showing me a clothing item in her hand.
“The pants.” She stuffed it to me. I let it out, surprised.
They were beautiful. Total gray, with hints of white along the thigh parts. I don't think it's because it was worn out, I think it was there on purpose.
“You like?” She raised her eyebrows.
I looked at her, “I want them,” I confessed. I found the tag; right size, right price, perfect pants.

After the store we came back at my house. Janaki left to get ready for the party. She was going to ride in Jake's car and I in Kade's. Everything was great, except for the fact that I couldn't get this nagging feeling about Eric. I hope he goes, even though I shouldn't.
Kade arrived at my house, a little earlier than I expected. Though, I'm glad that I'm not one of those girls who take their whole damn time getting ready when it really in fact doesn't take that long. I remember one time I had to dress for a wedding when I was fifteen. I only took about ten minutes while mom took 45. And all she had to do was hair, makeup, and dress up—same as me. And no, I don't think it has anything to do with the age difference.
I pulled on my pink flats and glided down the stairs. Kade was standing at the front door, his green shirt loose around his body and blue jeans. Nothing too interesting.
He smiled. “Hey beautiful.” 
I smiled back at him, “You don't look so bad yourself.”
“What, this? This is what I normally wear,” he said. “Ready?”
“Yup.” I nodded. 
Mom and dad were by the door in an instant as if they've been eavesdropping the whole time. 
“You two have fun now,” Dad said.
“And remember what I said earlier,” Mom wagged her finger the same way she did in the morning.
“Bring me back something, okay?” Emily, who also snuck up, said with her innocent grin. 
I just waved to them all, annoyed. “Okay, bye now.” I pushed Kade out quickly before he could kindly wave too.
5. PARTY

The party was crowded. People were all around us and we had to squeeze by just to get through. I now remembered why I didn't like Kristen.
She greeted us at the front door. Her pearly white teeth shown within her smile. “You guys came, that's awesome!” She was wearing a bright yellow shirt, kinda like mine, and black leggings. Oh, what a surprise there. She had on a black necklace, earrings, and a yellow bracelet. Her brown hair was curly this time, and she fringed her bangs.
Kristen then hugged Kade then me, staring considerably at him for a long time. I cleared my throat.
She glanced at me, trying to keep up her façade. “You guys have fun now.” She smiled at Kade went to greet the next group coming in. 
I sighed loudly as Kade said. “Come on.”
I couldn't believe him. Kristen was all over him and he thought nothing of it. The loud music irritated my ears. And walking through the crowd, I lost Kade and found Jake.
His hair was over his eyes a little, a nice look, if only I didn't know his ugly personality. “Hey Jake.” I waved. He nodded.
“Have you seen Janaki around?” Was the first thing he said to me. 
“Didn't you come with her?” I asked.
“Where's Kade then?” He glanced around the bodies that surrounded us.
I shrugged. “Beats me.” I got the message he was implying; he lost Janaki, I lost Kade. I looked over what he was wearing; bright blue shirt with tan pants. We stood there in silence for a couple of more seconds, people bumping us while dancing to the music.
Then I thought up something to get out of this awkwardness. “I'm gonna go try and find Jana.” I said. He nodded. 
I shifted through the massive amount of people, wondering how in the world Kristen knew practically everyone at the high school. Guys smothered me like crazy. As if I wanted to dance with them. I had a boyfriend. 
I finally found Janaki sitting on a bench in the back porch, guzzling down whatever she had in the red plastic cup. 
She saw me and waved. “Hey Dottie.” I noticed she was alone out here, no one around. This was not like her. After all, she’s more of the outgoing type at these sort of functions. 
“What's wrong?” I asked. 
She shook her head. “Oh nothing. Dottie.” She sighed out. Then I knew for sure something was up. 
“Tell me, now. Or else….” I got nothing but she didn't care.
“My parents.” She said simply.
“You parents?” I motioned for more information.
“Are splitting up!” She said loud.
“What?!”
She stood up from the bench. “That's right, you heard me.” Janaki crushed the cup in her hands, leaving it on the table. 
“Did they tell you? How did you find out?” I should have reworded that, but she paid no mind.
“I overheard. They have arguments constantly. It's been going on more often than ever, Dottie.” She glanced at me and I could see her dark brown eyes getting watery. I rushed to hug her and she broke into quiet sobs. “Why does this have to happen now? They can't be doing this. Brian needs two parents—together.” 
“What about you?” I whispered. 
“It's not about me Dottie.” She released me, wiping her eyes. 
“You didn't tell this to Jake?” I said, wondering.
She laughed quietly. “Yeah, like I need to bother him with this. We're just going out. It’s not like his my lover.” And I laughed at the emphasis of the word ‘lover’.
“Do you want to go home?” I asked.
She raised her eyebrows. “Dottie, home is the last place I need to be right now.” I nodded, that was a dumb thing to say. She continued, “Besides, I went to this party to have fun, and dammit, I think I have my rights.”
We heard the door slid open, revealing a familiar face.
“Jeremy?” We both said in unison. 
“Guys?” He mocked us. He wore a red t-shirt with khaki pants.
“What are you doing here?” I said.
“I got invited by Kristen.” He smirked, “Sure likes me, huh?”
“Funny how Kristen will just take anyone these days.” Janaki mused. “Makes me wonder what a—”
“Let's go inside where everyone is,” I waved my hands to the door.
Jeremy stared at Janaki. “Were you crying?” He asked.
She blinked. “Too much, to say, right now.” She breathed.
The party was bustled up with people swaying together in the house. Shortly after we came back in, the song was done. Kristen stood up in the front where the D.J was. He handed her the mic.
“Hello and welcome to my party,” she said, and people began to cheer around me. When they were done, she continued. “Now unfortunately, I have some rules you have to follow.” Some boos. “Hey—hey now. Life is full of rules and guidelines that must be followed, so suck it up.” She put on her angelic smile. “Anyway. Rule number 1, If you break it, you buy me a new one. Further explained if you break something while being here, I will know and I will get one of my brothers to find you…and I think you know the rest. So I think it would be easier just to come clean and buy it.
“Rule number 2, no—and I mean NO PDA. Don't get me wrong, kisses here and there are totally fine, but making out leads to touching, and touching leads to sex. Which brings me to my next point, no sex. Not in this house! I do not want anyone going into any rooms, closets, bathrooms, etc. If you want to do that so much, do that in your own place. I don't want any naked bodies contaminating this house—people live here.
“And rule number 3... uh... stay away from that closet.” She pointed towards a white door in the corner.
Someone from the crowd shouted. “Why?”
“Because,” she said, “Do what I tell you asshole.” It fell quiet. “All right, I'm done.” She let the D.J go back to playing music as she walked off.
People applauded and the party continued as if no interruption occurred.
Janaki tapped my shoulder, whispering in my ear, “Hey Dottie. I think Eric's here.” 
My eyes widened, surprised. Is Janaki playing a dirty joke on me again? “You’re kidding.” I said.
“Well, it seemed like him.” She shrugged. “Come on, dance with me! Jake’s is being a child.” She took my hand and led me to the center of the bodies. 
I always feel self-conscious about dancing or singing in front of people. Around people—either way it's still the same. But Janaki is so crazy when it comes to those two activates that she could make possibly anyone feel comfortable. At least I'm not dancing like her, would sum up most people's thoughts. After the fast song was done, we pushed our way through, leading to the food table. Kade was there, holding two plastic cups in his hand.
“I saw you dancing.” Kade grinned, giving me a cup. “Very nice Dottie.”
I blushed. “Thanks.”
“Thanks for complementing me, Kade,” Janaki said sarcastically. 
“You too, Janaki.” He smiled.
“I appreciate that.” She nodded. “Now then, where's Jake.” She left us.
Kade and I talked about nothing important, other than the people here tonight. We made fun of the party-goers and how people were acting out. He then excused himself to the bathroom and I was left alone.
I glanced around the room, my eyes finally fixing to a tall figure. Someone wearing a black jacket with the hood covering. It took a few seconds for me to realize that the figure was heading towards me.
His head leaned over me; I had to look up. “Hey, Dorothy.” I could see the shadow of a smile. 
It was Eric. “You're here!” I exclaimed, to my surprised. I sounded like I've been waiting for him forever. I shook my head. “So ‘maybe’ is a yes?”
“Again, I'm here.” He laughed, I flustered. Why do I make myself such an incredible idiot?
We stood there in silence, although it wasn't that awkward for me as it was when I was around most people. With Eric, I know conversations didn’t need to be forced. 
But then he moved, standoffish, as if something uncomfortable was about to happen. Kade, Janaki, and Jake were behind me when I turned around.
“Jake's being an asshole.” She glared at him, her arms crossed.
“I don't like dancing,” he said, gritting his teeth. 
“But I do, so you should respect that!” She unfolded her crossed arms, making a small scene. Then she looked at the person next to me. “I thought I saw you here, Eric.” She quickly settled down. Janaki grinned and nodded at him. He nodded back.
“I'm gonna go somewhere,” Eric said to me. Then he left before I could say something.
“He came,” Kade said wary. 
I glared at him. “Leave him alone Kade. He’s done nothing wrong.”
“I gotta agree with Dottie on this one—” 
“You always agree with Dottie, Janaki.” Jake interrupted.
Her forehead creased up, unbelieving. “I'm sorry, do you want me tonight? Or should we just call it a night and I will never go out with you ever again.”
Jake grew quiet, his head dropping to his feet. Wow, he must really like Janaki. Ew. 
“Okay,” Kade broke the silence, “Why don't we—”
A whole line of people moved in between us. Like a conga line or something forming just seconds ago. I was confused. Do people do these things anymore?
I was pushed aside, almost falling, but caught just in time by warm hands. The person who caught me was Eric. He was standing at the food table, his hood now off his head now. 
“When did that happen?” I pointed to the people.
“Everyone boring gets bored.” He recited like a memorized quote. He looked down on the punch bowl. “Want some?”
“Sure,” I answered. I stared back at the crowd again, the line already dispersed. 
He handed me a cup and I chugged down everything, not realizing how thirsty I really was.
“Are you okay?” He said, pouring some more punch in my cup.
I shrugged. “I'm okay as I'll ever be.”
The party continued on. I couldn't find Kade or Janaki. Then again, I didn't feel like finding them. Finding them meant having to leave Eric, and I was having a perfectly nice conversation with him right now.
“How do you think we're doing on our project,” I asked.
“Well, we got all the research one can manage... and we just have to find her writing.” He took a sip from his cup. His sleeves were up to his hands, entirely too big for him. The cup left his lips glossy of the red drink. I stared, intrigued. 
He stared back at me. “What?”
I widened my eyes. “I—uh….”I could feel the warmth on my cheeks. What in the world am I thinking? 
He laughed. “You know, you're cute when you're lost.” He leaned in closer to my face. “Just don't tell your boyfriend I said that.”
I chuckled, unsteady. This was weird. I didn't mind the creepy complement, as I should have. Normally, if guys knew I had a boyfriend, and decided to say something, I'd smack them. But not this time—Eric was different. I took what he said in my heart, it wasn't bad at all. Tons of people say I'm cute. 
“Well….” I bit my lip. “As long as you don't do things like that again, I guess we could forget about the whole thing.” 
He frowned. Did he really mean it?
“What's going on now?” Jeremy's booming voice from behind stunned me. 
“Oh hey. How's it going?” I drank some more punch. “Find any girls interesting.”
He stretched his arms. “No, not at all.” he's face frowning. “The only girl I want is taken.”
I shook my head. “Come on. You have to get out there. You can't be waiting around all day for her. Until she realizes,” I said in a hushed town, “you have to start dating some too.”
“Find me a girl then.” He smirked. What was I, cupid?
I took his wrist, leading him towards the walls. There were always girls standing—waiting for some guy to happen. Well someone's going to be happy, I'm sure of it.
“Take your pick.” I whispered to him. He glanced around and looked back at me. 
“Their all snobby looking.” He said, wrinkling his nose as if they stink. “Not my type.”
“Well they’re probably not that snobby. They don't have a date.” 
“Exactly.”
I shook my head, perplexed. “I don't understand.”
But his eyes looked away from me, focusing on something entirely different. I turned my head where he looked and saw this girl standing outside. She had long reddish-brown hair with bangs over her eyes. She was wearing a blue dress, with dirty black Converse shoes. She wasn't any interesting to look at, but Jeremy seemed to think otherwise.
“What about that girl.” He pointed out as if I couldn't read his expression.
“You really like her?” I said. “But she looks so….”
He glared at me. “Normal?” 
I shrugged, “I don't know. I mean you go from liking Janaki to liking…her. It's like a sudden change.”
He ignored me. “Introduce me,” He shoved me towards the closed doors outside.
“That only works when I know her,” I hissed.
“Then get to know her,” He demanded, looking at me with his hard brown eyes. “You said it yourself, I need to move on. Help me.”
I glared at him; I don't like this at all. I'm not a matchmaker—I suck at it. But I had to make it up to him. So I walked towards the glass doors, gulping at the thought of meeting someone new. I'm not good at conversations when it's being forced.
She turned her head suddenly, surprised to hear the door opening. Good, she wasn't expecting anyone. 
“Hello,” I said, in a pleasing tone. 
She nodded. “Hello.” Her voice was quite soft, I noted.
I sat down where she was sitting at one of the chairs at the table. “What's your name?”
“Autumn. And yours?”
“My name's Dorothy, most people call me Dottie though.” 
Autumn wrinkled her nose. “Dottie from Dorothy, that's a new one.”
I started blankly at her. She actually looked so cute doing that thing with her nose. Jeremy will love her. “My sister mentioned that today, I never really thought of it.”
She laughed, and I felt a bit at ease, enough to jump right in.
“Are you seeing anyone right now?”
“Uh…you?” She asked, unsure. Wow, maybe I shouldn’t have said that yet, or at least worded it right. But then it hit her before I could explain. “Are you…asking me out?”
I furrowed my eyebrows. “I'm not gay,” I said.
“Good,” she said. “I don't like breaking hearts.”
“Sounds like a crappy love song.”
“Everything's a song these days.” Autumn then went back to the question, “Why are you asking my status then?”
“Well,” I began, taking a huge inhale for emphasis to my incredible tale, “My friend saw you and really wants to get to know you. You,” I turned my head to one side, “Intrigue him.”
“I am single, thanks for asking.” She smiled solemnly and it was then I caught breathtaking smile. “But why didn't he come here himself?”
“I owe him.” I answered.
“Ooh. Blackmail.”
I shook my head. “Not quite, but that doesn't matter. What does matter is that you should meet him.”
“I don't want to go inside, it's too loud.” She scrunched up her nose again.
“He'll be out in a second then.” I stood up from the chair, reaching the sliding doors. 
I came by Jeremy again, who was chatting with Eric. I whispered in his ear, “Her name's Autumn, single, and totally hates parties.”
He raised his eyebrows. “Then why is she here?”
“Fate’s on your side today buddy. Deal with that.”
He smiled and walked away. 

I was feeling dizzy. Really dizzy. Everything was fuzzy, I couldn't see properly. My brain wasn't functioning right, I suppose. I could feel myself making mistakes, but I couldn't stop. No control.
What was happening? I don't remember drinking or taking any drugs. I felt tired. I felt energized. I think I sat down but I'm not so sure anymore. People moved swaying, all forming one blob to me. Someone was next to me, rubbing my shoulder. I wondered if it was Kade, maybe even Jeremy. Some soft-spoken words. It didn't sound like either of them. 
It was actually close to Eric's voice. But why was Eric still with me? I left him to go to Kade. Or did I? But I did...ugh. The music was too loud again...it was bothering my ears. I put my hands to my ears, covering them.
“Dottie, you feeling okay?” I heard a familiar voice. It belonged to Janaki.
“Jana.” I looked up, she was moving weird. Not normal, but right now nothing was normal.
“Dottie? What's wrong with her?” She wasn't directing the question to me, she asked the person rubbing my shoulders.
“I don't know,” Eric answered.
She leaned down to me. “You want to go home, Dottie?”
And for some reason, I shook my head. I should have said yes, I wasn't feeling well. I want to go home. 
“I don't know where Kade went, Dottie.” Janaki said, standing straight up again, her eyes grew big. “Oh no.”
Eric's head shifted towards where she was looking. I still sat there, unmoved.
“Dottie! We have to run—” But some people came in between, in a hurry. What was going on now?
“The cops! FREAKING RUN!” I heard a shout.
I swear I heard Kristen's loud voice, “Oh no. Oh no. Oh shit!” 
And everyone was on the move, except me. I couldn't move, not from where I was at. The cops were going to get me now. Oh…and I was going to get in so much trouble. Probably never see the light of day again. 
“What's wrong with her?” someone asked, but then ran off not caring. 
I was alone, I felt it. My head was drooping. I was going to pass out. Now, right now.
And I was right.
6. KIDNAPPED

I woke up, er…at least I think I did. I couldn't tell the difference. I blinked but it was still pitch black. I tried to stretch, but something stopped me.
My wrists felt like they had a rough rope tied around them. And then I had to itch them—they were bothering me. I tried my feet, roped too.
What is going on, I wondered.
“Hey, what's happening where am I?” I said, but the sound was muffled. There was tape on my mouth too. My eyes were wide now, the darkness I was getting used to. There was a wall that I leaned on. I moved some to get into a comfortable position, but to no avail. Then I heard something while shuffling. I became very still and quiet. Someone was outside of the room I was in. I focused my eyes some more, just barely seeing some dim light shining outside the door. 
I realized the door was one of those closet doors. The one door with a lock? The door was designed to have horizontal-like blinds, so one could see out, if one really wanted to try. I couldn’t see anything, just that light.
I heard someone moving from outside again. I shouted for help, but settled with another muffle. 
Dammit, what's happening?
I struggled and somehow managed to sit up. Still…uncomfortable.
Now I saw a shadow. A shadow of someone walking outside the room. I bent my legs to the side to kick the door, succeeded and the shadow halted. The shadow came towards the door. 
“Let me out,” I muffled through the tape.
Then it crept closer, reaching to unlock of the door. The door opened. The shadow's figure stood, a head peering down on me. 
I glared up; I couldn't see a face at all. The shadow knelt down to me and I began having second thoughts about knocking the door.
Now I could see the shadow better, a black sweater, and the hood back on.
Eric.
He sat down Indian style across from me and I kept on glaring. 
“It's 5 o'clock in the morning,” He spoke softly. “Sunday.”
“Why,” I muffled.
He understood and nodded solemnly. I waited for him to answer, but he said nothing. We just sat in silence, making it harder for me to withstand any of this. I don't get it. I just needed answers. 
“If I take the tape off of your mouth,” he said slowly, “will you not scream?”
As if. But I nodded, taking a deep breath in, ready for the eruption of my voice.
He ripped the tape off as nicely as he could, but it still hurt my mouth. Then I let out my scream. Less than a second into it, his warm hand covered my mouth. 
“I told you not to scream,” He said. The light was shining through the blinds and I could see his blank face better. “Will you just please not scream?”
I was still glaring at him when an idea sprung on me. I bit his finger. He took it back, and then I shouted again. He closed in on me—his face adjacent to mine, lips barley touching. I could feel his hot breath. I think I stopped breathing.
“Can you shut up,” he said, not in a mean way, his tone was pleading.
I nodded and this time decided to keep to my word. He pulled back, leaving me stunned to react. I wanted to ask my questions, but didn't know where to start.
“I suppose you want to know why you're in my closet,” he said, shifting his seating position to lean against the wall next to the door. Now we were both in the dark.
“This is your room?” I asked. I could now see some of it from the view I was in. There was a bed sitting in the middle, and from the way the light hit it, I could tell there was a window from the left. I could also see some posters hanging from the wall. Nothing strange, just a normal guy’s bedroom.
“Yes,” he said. 
“Then why am I here?” I stared at him, but he looked down to evade the question. “You offered.” I reminded him.
“I did, but there are things that you may not understand.”
I squinted my eyes. “What does that even mean, Eric? Why am I tied in ropes? Why am I not at my house?” Then something hit me—last night. “What happened last night?”
A sharp exhale escaped his lips. I knew he didn't know what to say. “You got drunk.”
My eyes grew wide. “What? No I didn't!” But then memories flashed in my head, the dizziness. That feeling…“How? I don't remember any beer or vodka.”
He cleared his throat. What, another confession? “You did drink it, you just didn't know it.” I was about to say something but he stood up, stretching his arms. He zipped down his jacket, to reveal his gray shirt of some obscure band name I wasn’t all too familiar with. He headed towards the right, where I'm assuming there's a door.
“Are you just going to leave me here?” I shouted at him.
He came back, glaring. “Don't yell, I already told you,” he hissed. “I'll be back in a second.”
Eric left quietly and I thought to yell again. But I figured it was pointless. He’d come running back in and probably duct tape my mouth to ensure my quietness.
And I didn't bother trying to escape. I was tied in ropes. I thought about all those action movies where a hostage was in ropes and managed to escape. It dawned on me that those were just movies. This was real life and I was stuck. I could hear shuffling downstairs now. A soft woman’s voice accompanied by Eric’s deep one. 
“How was the party last night, darling?” The woman said.
“It was fine,” Eric responded casually. 
I couldn't tell what they were saying after that—they spoke very low. Then I heard Eric coming up the stairs arriving with a plate of fresh toast and a large cup of coffee in his hands. He sat down again in the same position from before. He put the plate and coffee between us. I looked down at the coffee then at him.
“I don't drink coffee,” I confessed. 
He looked back at me with wild eyes. “No? But I thought everyone drinks coffee.”
I shook my head. “Not me. I don't like the taste.” Eric and I exchanged long glances and I tried to signal that I needed my hands to eat, but he was so dense I had to come out and say it. “How am I supposed to eat?”
His face went completely blank. “You raise both of your hands,” he said, as if that was obvious. 
I did just as he told me and bit off a piece. I chewed it slowly, the butter melting in my mouth. Geez, I was hungry. I ate two more pieces of toast, hoping that I didn't look like a pig. But what should I care, it's just toast. And I am a hostage. Therefore I will be treated as such. Whatever food is around, I'll eat.
I was stricken with thirst as I finished the toast. Eric was already guzzling down the coffee, I said, “Do you have any other drink?”
“No, just coffee.” He handed me the coffee cup. I stared sickly at it. Half a cup of coffee, left for me. But I was thirsty and there was no other option.
In absolute slow motion, I brought the coffee cup—with both of my hands—to my lips. Tilting just slightly for the bitter liquid to touch the edge of my tongue, I swallowed a sip, hating every bit of it. “Ugh!”
His forehead creased. “You really don't like it.”
“I already told you that,” I said, taking another sip only because I was thirsty and it wasn’t too hot. But after that sip I put it down on the carpet—I couldn't take it anymore. Eric took the coffee and drank some more. After he was finished, he pushed the cup and plate aside and we sat in some more silence. I still couldn't believe that I was here, in Eric's house. Not invited, but kidnapped. I feared I would be stuck forever in a dark closet. But for what? “So…what’s the big plan?”
Eric seemed to have been caught off guard with this. A simple question that would make me understand everything—was he going to answer? “Ever been confused...about life?”
I nodded, agreeing. “Yeah, but I never go and steal a person to store in the closet.”
He chuckled nervously. “You wouldn't get it then.”
“Get what?” I said, impatient. “That you kidnapped me? Because I don't think there's a bigger picture to that.”
He got up, taking the dirty plate and cup with him. “I know that you don't understand. I wasn't asking you to. But that's my reason, anyway.” He shrugged and walked out of his room.
I let my head down, really beginning to worry now. What was going to happen? I tried scooting out of the door, but to no avail. I was stuck for good, unless Eric decided to let me out.
When he came back in, I asked him “Can you untie the ropes at least?”
He cocked his head sideways, as if the question made no sense. “You'd run away.”
He was absolutely right. I would. “It's itching me.” I whined.
“I'm sorry.” He said, sincerely. Eric moved near me, taking both of my wrists. He studied them hard, seeing no implication of damage or scarred skin. “It doesn't look bad, Dorothy.”
I frowned at him. “But it itches.” 
“I know you're not lying.” 
“Then let me go.”
“No.” He let my wrists fall.
“Then help me at least.” I lifted my hands out again to him.
He thought for a minute then grabbed my wrists carefully. He gently pulled back the scratchy rope to reveal them. “Where's it itching,” he asked, his eyes focusing on my hands.
“A little to the left on my right arm,” I said, he brushed his fingers over the spot I guided him to, scratching softly. 
“It's weird to scratch other people,” he muttered.
“Yeah, I guess it is. And we wouldn't have to be in the awkward position if you’d just untie the rope,” I added with a hint of sarcasm. 
“Dorothy,” he said cautious, locking his eyes onto mine, “stop complaining.”
“I think I’m entitled to.” I stuck up my nose in the air, noting that I am so much better than him. Crazy, he is. He dropped my wrists, letting them fall on my lap. A harsh sigh uttered from his throat. I didn't look up to see what the matter was—I didn't care anymore. Whatever was going on with him…is just serious. I don't want to make him anymore confused—too confused and he would do something I would regret.
He left me alone, saying he had somewhere to go. He locked the closet door before he left and I heard him and his mother go out the door. I began to wonder if there was anyone else living in this house besides them.
I observed his closet. Small, dingy, filled with t-shirts on coat hangers, pants on the floor around me, folders and books on the shelf where the hangers were. My purse was next to me, and—
Wait. My purse?
I stared at it for a long minute, hoping at least that this could really be true. I touched the black purse, yes...it's here. I opened it and took a peek inside which reminded me that I needed to find time out of my busy life to organize it. I shrugged, better late and stuck in a closet than never. Before searching, I knew that Eric had taken my phone and I was right. It wasn't in my purse, besides the gum wrappers and my wallet.
Stupid purse was no use to me. I tossed it aside, pissed off yet again. Putting my head down, I brought my legs up to my chest, stretching my arms over them. I had to figure out a way to get out. In no way was I staying here in a psycho’s closet. I tried a new position—one that would take off the ropes.
I put my hands in between my feet, so carefully to not step on them. I attempted to push down on the rope around my hands, but that just ended up hurting them. Newer positions, more ways out. I kept bumping into the wall each time I moved, because of me, the top shelf was wiggling and I didn't even notice. Then something dropped.
Just missed me too—by an inch or so. It was a notebook, a red one. Very large, appeared new too. I scooted myself to it, grasping it with my wrists. Awkward, having to tackle after it. I eventually snagged it, pulling it in my mouth so I could let my hands free. I dropped it on my lap (and coincidentally) it opened to the first page. I read the title aloud:
“Everyone is dying—no way to escape your death. Face it rather than running from it. Only way out is the way you came from. Absolutely nothing?” There was no confusion at the end, but I myself found it questioning anyway. Eric was more demented than he led on.
That was the only thing on the paper. And, by the looks of the notebook, there seemed to be nothing else written inside. I sighed loudly, making sure I was still alive. Or maybe this is just some creepy dream—no. Wait, it's not. Whenever one actually considers something a dream, it’s reality. When in dreams have I been wondering if I was dreaming? I've had a dream in a dream once….
The door downstairs unlocked, conversation going on between two people. Oh good, Eric was back. Or maybe oh shoot, Eric was back. I hated being in here.
The door creaked, followed by the clicking sound of the closet door. The bright light killed my eyes when it opened. 
He immediately gazed down at the red notebook, saying harshly, “Did you read it?”
I eyed him, politely replying, “Oh was I not suppose to?”
He snatched if from the ground as if in seconds I was going to be able to steal it. “Do. Not. Read. This.” He emphasized each word.
“I'm sorry? It fell.” 
“How?”
I looked for words. “I tried to find a comfortable sitting position.” I didn't really lie. “I bumped the wall a little. Inevitable.” I glanced in his eyes, his glare terrifying, but softened. He wasn't mad at all. At that moment, I felt the need to go. “I have a question,” I said aloud. 
“Shoot.” He said.
“I need to pee.” I said, keeping a straight face, which is totally hard for me to do. Whenever anyone utters the word ‘pee’ I burst out laughing. 
Eric's eyes shot up. “I forgot about that.”
“And a shower?” Before he said anything I added, “How about a change of clothes. And don't forget I'm a girl, I have a menstrual cycle—depending on how long your keeping me.” I finished, feeling my face get hot. I’m not too big on talking about girl stuff.
“Are you going to have it…uh…anytime soon?” I could tell he wasn’t either.
“Uh…” I paused, thinking it over, “Not until a couple of days actually.”
He nodded. “We'll worry about that when the time comes, then. So do you really need to use the bathroom?”
I bobbed my head, “And take a shower. I take a shower every day.” I smiled pathetically. He laughed. He said that his mom was out at work now so there was no one in the house (from which I assumed anyway). 
“How am I supposed to take a shower,” I asked, motioning towards the ropes around my ankles and wrists. 
He took note of that. “Only when you need to,” He first untied the ankle rope, allowing me to walk freely. I could have (and really considered) running away right then and there. I could have ran, screamed, made it out the door, and had the neighbors help.
But I didn't do any of that. Instead I obeyed his orders, the ones he first gave to me: Don't scream.
Eric led me to his small bathroom and took the ropes off of my wrists. The colors schemes in the bathroom were blue, white and gray. It consisted of hand towels neatly folded on the bars near the door and a couple of white towels folded on the metallic shelf above the toilet. His bathroom had the shower head/bathtub combination.
I turned to Eric before he left. “I don't have a change of clothes.”
He didn't seem at all surprised by my news. He said, “No, you have a change of clothes.” And he pulled out a familiar bag I remember leaving in my bedroom closet. It appeared rather bloated. 
“When did you get this?” He set it on the counter. 
“Last night.” He said. 
I looked down, trying to find a sentence. “A lot of things happened last night, huh?” He didn't answer, just stared into my eyes, which created more nervous tension. I can never look at anyone in the eyes for too long. People always think I'm lying to them, but it's only because of their unpleasant glares that make me look away. 
“I'll be outside the door.” He left me alone in a bright room, at least. So I peed, took a shower, and Eric brought my toothbrush in the bag. How nice of him, I thought sourly. “I'm ready,” As I'll ever be. 
He ambled inside, cautious, making sure I was decent. I brushed and dried my hair at the same time, but I knew it wasn't going to look great. Not without a hair straightener at least.
I noticed when he came in, that he changed his clothes. That must mean there had been a point in time where he left the bathroom door unattended. It’s those golden opportunities that I never think through and past me right by. So much for my escape.
I wore a yellow t-shirt with a new pair of jeans. It must have been weird, going through my stuff. In fact, I feel weird. Knowing that he picked through my clothes, even down to the underwear! Strange. Who does that?
“I thought you were ready.”
I smiled a little. “Girl's never ready I guess.”

I was back in his closet, roped and all to my displeasure. Eric left the closet door opened, and I scooted to the entrance edge. He sat on his desk at his laptop. 
“You got a Mac,” I asked. Mac's were like the best computers in my opinion. So pretty and flashy but too pricy. Eric was one to not seem to care about that.
“My mom got it for me.” He shrugged. Yeah, he didn't care. Such a shame though. That laptop would look so nice in my room. Perhaps I should steal that and run away. The thought made me smirk. 
Eric was clanking away on his computer when my stomach roared to life. He paused abruptly, that only made more self-conscious.
“You hungry,” He asked.
“Yes,” I said in a small voice.
He closed his laptop and headed out his room. In a couple of moments, he came back in with a big bag of chips, two sandwiches, and drinks.
He stopped, “You're not the vegetarian, right?” He pointed with the sandwich in his hand. 
“That's Janaki.” He sat the food down I had to grab it with both of my hands again. 
“Right,” He said, and took a handful of chips in his hand. 
I took a large bit out of my sandwich. It tasted amazing. Turkey was my favorite, and it only tasted better with mayo. He must have heard my moans; his eyebrows rose.
“My turkey sandwiches are that good?”
I just nodded, not wanting to talk with my mouth full. After I gulped it down I said, “Delicious.” 
7. DISCOVER

The next couple of days Eric went to school, leaving me behind in his locked up closet. I was astonished that he went to school. That he actually looked after me and took care of me. I was still unsure of his intentions, but I know he didn’t want me dead, yet.
One Wednesday, I finally got out. Eric didn’t tie up my wrists very well, and they just pulled off. So then I untied my ankles, and was satisfied with this reach. But even that couldn’t keep me happy for too long, since there was still the locked door I had to get through. I tried to think of another way out, but there was nothing in this closet (nothing but clothes anyway). I thought of banging on the door—maybe his mom was here? But I realized that was stupid, his mom works every day, he said so.
Reassuring me that his house was empty, there was no use. Was I really that stupid?
I banged loudly at the door. “SOMONE HELP ME!” If no one, breaking the door was worth a shot. “Please? ANYONE?”
After a while, I quit. Definitely no use at all. I heard something, scratching from the other side of Eric's door. There was a bit of whining too, then a bark. Eric had a dog? The bedroom door was opened a crack and the dog eventually pushed it. I got a good look through the door; it appeared to be a Beagle. 
A cute little Beagle too. It was white, but had a huge layer of brown covering its body. Then it also had black spots over the brown. Huge ears, black eyes. Adorable. 
I whistled for it, but I sucked at whistling. It heard me and came my way anyway, only the door between us. It scratched at the door now.
“Oh,” I said, seeing it struggle. “Aren't you just a sweetie pie?”
It wagged its tail now, barking at the door. It needed to know what was behind it. I hushed it down, keeping him quiet. There's no use to getting all worked up to spend hours just jumping up at a door. 
The dog listened to me, defeated, but circled around twice to lie next to the door. 
The grandfather clock, somewhere in the house, struck three. I heard the front entrance bust open, stomping up the stairs, and the door creaking more as the dog jumped up.
“Frankie?” He said, surprised.
“Frankie?” I said too. 
“How'd you get out of your room,” He said, petting Frankie's ears. But Frankie rushed through the greeting, scratching at the closet again. That little dog was so determined. 
Eric unlocked it and Frankie ran inside, sniffing me like crazy. I pet him carefully then he started licking my hand.
“Likes you.” Eric smiled, and then frowned. “You untied the rope.”
“Huh,” I looked down at my hands. “Oh, yeah,” I said. “Hope you don't mind. Though, I don't care.” I glared at him. A perfect time to escape—maybe even slap him. I didn’t really know how strong he was. I'm willing to take a risk. 
Before I even got a chance to get up, he stopped me, holding both my hands, quick like a fox. “Crap,” I muttered under my breath.
“Better luck next time,” He muttered back. I sighed, furious. He tied the rope around my hand again, no trust anymore.
He flipped the TV on from the drawer, letting it play the news channel. He would always do that once he got home, never actually paying any attention to it. Just random noise in the background. I didn't either, until now. They were talking about a disappearance of a girl.
One of the news lady, dressed in a blue suit, introduced the headline, “Our top story this afternoon, a high school student has been missing since an underage drinking and illegal drug party that occurred Saturday night. The girl's name is Dorothy Fane. Her parents went to the police station on Sunday afternoon, after confronting many of Dorothy's friends of her whereabouts. Only to have no answer, the search still continues on…” Then the television cut off to a screen of one of my photos from the yearbook. “If you have seen or heard from this girl, please call the police immediately.”
The news went into a random commercial, and all I could hear was the soft breathing that belonged to Eric. 
“They're looking for me, Eric.” I broke the silence, reminding him of the news just seconds ago.
“I know.” he breathed out. 
“Let me go,” I said quietly, but my voice was on edge, harsh.
He shook his head, not responding with a good reason. Frankie went to him, paws on Eric's legs. “Are you hungry, Dorothy?” He quickly changed the subject.
Although I was still angry with him, I could do without. My stomach is yearning to be the priority. “Yeah,” I said softly. 
He went to get some food and Frankie followed him all the way to the door, but then spun back to look at me. It was like he was waiting for me to get up and follow too. After moments, Frankie understood that I wasn't getting up and sat down by the door. 
We both waited when Eric came back in carrying a box of Cheez-it and sodas. 
“Don't you have anything healthier?”
“Do you want the Cheez-it?” He asked, his eyes narrowing.
I glared. “Yes.” He sat on the floor and put the bowl down, Frankie sniffing the food. Eric took some crackers and handed it to him. He was being so affectionate to his dog. It amazed me. He pat Frankie’s head, smiling at him.
I couldn't help smiling too, seeing those two interact was adorable. I didn't notice his eyes on me when he said, “You like Frankie?”
“Mhm, he's so cute.” My eyes glued to the dog's face, licking Eric's face now. “What's the story behind him?”
“Well,” Eric began, reaching for a pen and a piece of paper lying on his desk. He took the cap off the pen with his mouth. The action hypnotized me. “Got him from an animal shelter. Only a year old then. So my mom jumped on that offer. We couldn't help it. He was cute.”
“How old is he now?”
“Nine,” Eric grinned.
I knew why, though. “What? But he looks like a puppy!” 
“Yeah.” Eric nodded slightly. “Holding onto his youth,” he looked down at the dog, “Aren't ya?”
Frankie just sniffed like a celebrity would at paparazzi. I know I'm great, you can go away now, I could practically see him saying. Eric stared at me—only for a second—then he went back to doing whatever he was on the paper. I scratched my head in confusion, but didn't bother asking because I knew he would be like: “You just wouldn't understand.” Yeah, I probably wouldn't.
He finished writing and folded the piece of paper to put in his back pocket. I ran my fingers through my hair, both tired of sitting here and awkward conversations I had with Eric. I want to go outside for a bit. It seems like it’s been forever. 
“Will I ever go outside?” I moaned, to my surprise. I guess it's really bothering me that much. 
“Maybe,” He said, in a serious tone. His voice lost, my wants were not on his mind. I moaned again, his head turned back my direction. “What?” He said harshly.
“Listen, I know this hostage thing is suppose to be me locked in the dark closet for a very long time.” I pointed at the closet just a few inches away from me. “But you shone me the light.”
Eric waited a second for me to say more, but grew impatient. “Your point?”
“I'm like a spoiled rich kid. I get bored.” 
“You are a spoiled rich kid,” he corrected. My eyes lit up to his response. If I warm up to him, he'll probably let me go sometime soon. 
“Oh, yeah. I'm the one with the laptop and TV in my room.” I shook my head and scoffed. 
“Well I saw your room,” He leaned back on the side of the bed, stretching his arms, “You also have a laptop. Blue.” He lips formed a grin, recalling it. I raised an eyebrow, wondering what he was really thinking. I barely remember what I left my room in. It was somewhat organized, with clothes tossed on the ground, books under bed. Eric pointed his finger toward me. “You comfortable in there?”
“No,” I said, glaring. Who likes sleeping in a closet? 
“How can I make your stay more...pleasant?”
“Hmm,” I brought my finger up to my chin, tapping. “You can start by letting me sleep on your bed.”
He breathed a chuckle. “Really?” Through Eric’s playful gray eyes I could sense his amusement. I rolled mine. I know exactly what he was thinking.
“You said ‘pleasant’. Nothing else is going on.”
“I know,” he said more definite. “So, what am I suppose to sleep on the ground now?”
“None of this would be going on if you'd let me go.” I locked my eyes into his. “I'm serious. I won't tell anyone.”
I watched Eric, thinking he was taking this idea into consideration. But he didn't. 
“That wouldn't matter,” He said. “You’re lying.” 
I couldn't help it, in fact I was. How am I suppose to explain what happened to me over these past few days. I needed to clear my head? No, I'm not that type of person. I have no good excuse. I put my head down to my knees, sighing softly. 
“You can sleep on my bed.” My head snapped up at this statement. “But, you still have to be tied up.”
“I can sneak out while you're sleeping.” I said. What? I'm stupid! Why would I say that aloud.
He shook his head, “Nope. I'm a very light sleeper.”
“Must have insomnia,” I muttered. 
He heard me. “Yeah. I do. I don't think it’s bad. More positive than anything.”
My eyes grew wide to his answer. Negative is a good thing in his world. Makes sense…sort of. We sat in the quiet and then a sharp buzz sounded. It was a phone—on vibrate. 
Eric fished in his pocket and pulled out a square black phone, clicking the buttons to light up the screen. 
“Where’s my phone?” I interrupted. 
He's still typing something. “I hid it.” He said, without glancing up. 
“M-hm.” I hummed gently. What a surprise. Well, if he hid it, then it has to be somewhere in this house. Eric finished doing whatever and said, “You going to try and look for it.”
“Of course,” I said harshly. “I mean, what else do I have left?” I hinted the sarcasm. Frankie’s ears went up. The front door of Eric’s house opened, and Frankie barked up a storm, running past me through the door. 
I heard Eric mummer, “My mom’s home,” under his breath. He got up as well, in one swift motion out the door. A greeting and small exchange of dialogue: ‘How was your day? It was fine, and you? Great.’ I glanced at Eric's computer, only a few feet away. I put my feet out, and scooted my butt across the carpet. I was close to it now. I used my arms to push the laptop against me. Both my hands clicked the mouse on his name. Good, he doesn't use a password. The screen went to a website he was on at the time. I clicked for a new tab, an awkward click. 
I typed in a website, and lucky for me, it was visited so I clicked on the link. It took me there. I turned my head around to check if Eric crept up the stairs, glad he wasn't here yet. I typed in my user name and password. It took me longer than it should have, but I don't know anyone personally who could type fast with their hands tied up. The screen loaded quickly to my email account. I checked it. A bunch of junk mail. I scroll down, not having any time to delete anything, and found a message from Janaki. It read:

SUBJECT: WHERE R U?
Dottie, im worried. Where r u? Ur not even answering ur fone, ur parents r FREAKING OUT! Come home! It's been 2 days. Everyone's lookin. God, u need to come home, pronto! If ur reading this, talk to me! Send a reply or somethin; TELL ME WHERE U R! I'll look for u myself. Come on!
(I know im a hypocrite. I hate text talk, but I dun care now) I LUV U!!! -Jana.

I moved the arrow to the reply button, and started typing as quickly as I could.

SUBJECT: RE: WHERE R U?
JANA IM IN ERIC'S HOSDFKJ; DF;J

Two arms yanked around my stomach and dropped me by the closet door. 
“STOP!” I yelled, again he put his hand over my mouth. 
“Why don't you stop it? This is exactly why I can't trust you alone.” I glared up at him. He was ruining everything. He let his hand fall from my face and I said fiercely, “People are worried.”
“I know that.” 
“Eric?” A woman’s voice called in the distance. 
“Now you have my mother worried.” He put a piece of duct tape hanging off his desk and placed it on my mouth. Not the the duct tape. 
“What's going on?”
“My volume was on too loud. I was watching a movie,” He lied. 
“Oh okay.” His mother believed the lies, how sad. It makes me feel bad that kids lie to their parents, even though I'm also guilty of it as well. Eric’s lies are much deeper than the white lies I say though.
Eric appeared back inside, careful to slide through the doors so his mom wouldn't see who was hiding in his room. 
“Please don't scream,” He said, low, as he pulled off the duct tape.
“Then please don't touch me,” I said back. 
He frowned at this, but turned himself away from me and sat at his desk again. I could only sit and stare. I hated being tied up. But with the mood swings I'm having, he will never trust me. I have to stop trying to escape. When he really does trust me is the only time I can do it. Only if he trusts me.
“I won't scream again.” I gulped while saying this. He obviously didn't believe me, brushing off the fact that I said anything really.
“I gotta go somewhere tonight.”
“Oh.” I said simply.
“And I won't be back until nine.”
I nodded my head gradually. “You're point?”
“I don't trust you, I don't know if I should really go.” His eyes shifted over to my face and back out the window. 
“You can't trust me.” Maybe he heard me wrong; both ways could be right. “You're gonna lock me in the damn closet anyhow.” I fell back onto the wall, defeated either way.
“That's the thing,” he said steadily, “I don't like locking you up in there.” He thought long after a moment. “Want Frankie?”
I started to think about that. Frankie is nice. He’d be a great companion. But what good would that really be? “Sure,” I answered. 
He was pleasantly surprised by my response, holding up his index finger, indicating he needed a moment to retrieve Frankie. When he did, Frankie jumped from Eric to me, licking my face. I pet along the sides of his slim body. Eric closed and locked the door. Frankie calmed down enough to just sleep at my legs. I could make out the humming sound of the computer, still on the page I left it at. If I could untie myself again and somehow get out....
I spent the next hour thinking of ways that I could get out. I can break out of the closet by kicking it endlessly, but that might get me nowhere. Maybe I could make a hole through the wall. That might work, but I'm on the second story, plus there might be a room next to where I am.
I decided that all these ideas were pointless. That nothing on earth could get me out of here, that I was stuck forever in the closet. The only person I had contact with was Eric. I didn’t think he wass planning on letting me go anytime soon. And I still don’t even know his motives!
I'm not scared of him; I know he's not going to do anything drastic. But I can’t help wondering why he’s keeping me here. Frankie snored quietly beneath me. I attempted to drift too, but it was too hard. It was only like eight o'clock now. I don’t sleep until ten. 
“Ugh,” I said softly. I pretty much have no life until Eric was around. And half the time, Eric doesn't even talk. So I'm bored like 24/7. Not even my choice either.
“I need to stop complaining,” I said to Frankie. He didn't budge, just kept snoring. So I closed my eyes, and lay down on the pillow Eric provided me. My mind wandered aimlessly.

The next morning, I woke up to the bright sunshine blinding my eyes. Frankie was gone and so was Eric. Inside the closet with me were a breakfast sandwich and a cup of orange juice. I guzzled them both down furiously. Then I stretched as much as I could in a contained closet, and started to look around again. That red notebook was gone, I noticed, and there wasn't really much in the closet besides notebook paper. 
So I came to a decision. If I were to stay in the closet everyday like this, I might as well make my own entertainment. I know I'm not much of a creator, but everyone has a story, right?
I started my imagination off with a girl and a guy. The girl and guy mysteriously are paired up together and seriously like each other. Then the guy does something completely stupid—he kidnaps the girl! So the girl is forever locked in the cellar, waiting for her knight in shining armor to come along. But at the same time, she really doesn't want him to come at all. The guy was very interesting, and she just couldn't let him go. If she did, she may never see him again!
I got out of my daydream trance, only to discover what really killed it. I am so not creative if I take an idea from my own life. Not that that scared me, but the fact that the girl falling for her kidnapper was me. I can't be falling for Eric. That's crazy, he's crazy! Why would I even want to?
Time was on my side today, the clock struck three and Eric would soon be home. I shifted around nervously, anticipating my release. A car engine slowly stopped near the house, the door slammed close, and footsteps were approaching.
Eric’s mom was home already?
The dog was barking mindlessly though. He doesn't bark that bad whenever it’s Eric or his mom. Someone new? When the door opened, I heard Frankie running up to whomever it was and the new voice answered him. “Calm down, Frankie. Geez, you're always so hyper.”
My eyes widened, astonished. There was someone new downstairs. Someone who could help me escape. Acting on my impulse, I banged on the door like a crazy person, well, I already was one a little while ago. 
“HELP ME! PLEASE!” I shouted as loud as I could. I could hear the stomps up the stairs, Frankie's collar jingled closely behind. 
The door to Eric's room snapped open. I could see the figure, big and tall. Frankie went directly to the closet and the person unlocked it.
On the other side, there stood a guy. From the light I could see his hair was lightly brown cut short, his eyes gray, like Eric's. He was a bit on the heavy side, but he wasn't bad looking at all. 
He stared down at me, his eyes wild and muddled. “What the—” He was pushed to the side, falling completely. Eric was there now. 
“What the hell, Eric?” The other guy yelled when he sat up. Eric just glared at me, knowing I've done something. I've always done something to trigger him. “Who is this? Why is she in your closet?”
Eric sighed, losing his secret, unless he knew the art of hypnosis. But a small smile crept on my lips.
Yes Eric, why don't you care to explain?

8. RELEASE

Eric slid down against the wall next to me and that other guy. Never caught his name but I probably will in a moment. Eric opened his mouth a little, then closed it. I could see in his face that he had trouble putting this explanation together. Hell, he still hasn’t explained to me, really. 
“It’s…complicated.” He said, causing me and the guy to sigh in annoyance. The guy looked at me again. His brows furrowed. 
Then he did something completely weird. He smiled and held out his hand. “Hi. My name is Aaron, Eric’s amazing cousin.” I stared, looking down at my hands and back at his hand that still stuck out. I tried indicating that I couldn’t shake his hand. He got the message. “Oh, well.” He pulled his hand back. “You’re name?”
“Dorothy.” I said. 
He nodded. “Nice name.” Aaron looked at Eric now. “Complicated just won’t cut it.” He shrugged. I was blown away, now why couldn’t I think of that? Aaron waited for a response. I knew that Eric’s always delayed in saying anything.
“I kidnapped her.” He said. 
“And why?” Aaron pressed on.
Eric took a deep inhale and coughed out. “Impulsive actions.”
“And you give him an answer!” I said, even though the answer was still a bit vague, it was still a valid one. He looked at me with a confused gaze. 
“Yeah?” 
“Real reason Eric?” Aaron asked again. I sat there quietly now. They talked as if I wasn’t in the room. 
“I already told you.” Eric said. “Impulsive actions. And I just planned on it.”
My eyes widened. “You planned this?” I exclaimed. Eric didn’t say anything. He just shook his head and stared down on his hands. He had something up his sleeve and he wouldn’t say a word. Yet I can’t understand what he would do with me. Everything was still unclear. 
“What’s going on with you man? Can’t find someone who really wants to hang out with you? Gotta go and steal a person with a life, I assume.” Aaron said, while his eyes peered down at me. I nodded, agreeing with his last statement. But he said this all in a playful manner. So I was pissed at him, why was he laughing when this was serious?
“No, it’s not that.” Eric said, his voice bored. “I have to figure things out.” And he stood up, leaving us hanging like that. He walked over to his desk and sat on the chair. Logging back onto his laptop, he said to Aaron, “What are you doing here so early anyway? I thought you said you were coming at nine?”
“I said I was coming at nine in the morning. So technically, I’m late.” He looked over at me again, a little uneasy. “Hey, could you untie her or something. Just looking at her makes me feel like I’m a terrorist keeping hostages.”
Eric said nothing for a minute. But then replied, “Last time she roamed free, she was going to run off.” True. But Aaron was still staring at me and I felt small. When people stare, I find that rude. And now I had no say in this. 
“Aaron stop looking at her.” Eric’s voice interrupted my thoughts. Thank you, Eric. 
Aaron glanced at Eric then back at me. “I’m…trying to take a mental picture. I think I’ve seen you before.” Aaron closed his eyes trying to grasp a memory. “Are you that girl, who’s dating Kade Mann?”
I nodded vigorously. He laughed out loud. “Aw, that kid was a freshman when I was Junior. He was new to the football team. The guys all picked on him and a few other new ones.” He chuckled some more becoming rather annoying. I turned my head the other way. But then I heard another laugh, accompanied by Aaron’s. Eric. What?
“That’s not funny!” I said, leaving the silent treatment idea behind. No one makes fun of my boyfriend, ever! 
Aaron halted his uncontrollable laughter. “Okay, it’s not.” Then he asked me a question, “So, how did you guys get together? I remember he was dating that one brown-haired bitchy chick.”
My eyes tightened and helped form my know-it-all face that I keep hidden unless I’m feeling sarcastic. “Well, a lot can happen in two years.”
“What was her name again? Wasn’t it like Christina or something?” He waited for an answer.
“Kristen.” I said, my tone like a knife slicing through hard butter. Aaron could sense easily my feelings for Kade’s ex and came to a conclusion.
“Rivals. I just don’t get you girls.” He said, rolling his eyes. “I guess it’s different for us guys. We don’t give a shit who dated who last. We have her now is all that really matters.”
“I’ve seen lots of guys get jealous,” I informed him. 
“But not like girls, never like girls.” He said. He glanced at Eric again. “Can we please untie something on her? I can’t look at her until you do so.”
“Then go away,” Eric muttered, his attention preoccupied on the computer. “Back to your college girls and frat parties. I have things to do.”
“College sucks. Everyone on the campus are like study maniacs. And my last girlfriend dumped me for some loser, who also happens to be a genius.”
“Gee, I wonder why,” I said, too late to stop myself. I needed to learn to control my actions. Really now, ever since I was kidnapped I acted like an idiot saying things aloud I should have kept quiet. 
“Me too.” I met Aaron’s eyes. He smiled so delightfully at my sarcasm. “Girls just don’t get me, you know.” The smile lingered on his lips and Eric coughed, reminding us of his presence. Aaron made a grunt as he got on his feet. “So, other than Dorothy here,” He motioned, “how’s life going here in this little town?” 
“Boring as ever.” Eric answered. “Nothing to do.”
“You never do anything.” 
“He went to Kristen’s party,” I said to Aaron. 
He gawked at Eric. “How’d you get invited? Kristen likes you?”
“I invited him,” I said, then wanted to investigate a bit for myself, “How come you know nothing about your cousin’s life?” 
“Because my handsome cousin prefers to keep his affairs a secret, like you, for example. Don’t you remember Eric, my dad’s a cop?” He directed that question to Eric.
“You. Owe. Me.” He said coldly. This took Aaron aback. I chose to ignore it. Obviously there’s some squabble going on between the cousins that didn’t concern me. Aaron was quiet though, absorbing Eric’s words. 
“So I do,” Aaron’s eyes shifted. “But just know this: Justice shall be served.” He finished but then added, “Eventually.” 
Something buzzed. Eric grabbed the phone from his desk. “Carter’s heading this way.” He said, not looking up from the screen. 
“Hmm…Carter. Cater. That name isn’t familiar.” Aaron mused.
Eric eyes peered through his hair. “Remember Shannon?”
Aaron’s face lit up. “The crazy one!” He pointed out. “Yeah. I’m telling you, that girl is nuts.” He said to me. I shrugged, not caring. “Let me guess,” he put his finger on his chin, “That is how this happened.” Indicating that the party is how I got here. Yes, in fact, he was right. 
Eric threw his phone on the bed, as Aaron was taking his out. Text messages, I missed those. That reminded me that I had to look for my phone. I’m not giving up on it. Aaron laughed loudly again, something funny on his phone. Eric shushed him to be quiet but he ignored him. 
We were all when a sudden rapid knocking was heard on the window. Eric pulled at his curtains to reveal a very tired looking guy. He breathed in and out like he’d been running 10k or something. He opened the window and a rush of air blew through, hitting my face. The guy ignored me, jumping on the desk to sit. His long legs hung out on the edge.
This guy had jet-black hair (almost identical to Eric’s) covering his dark brown eyes. He was also wearing skater shoes and skinny jeans. His navy blue shirt ruined he outfit; it was loose. 
“Hey man.” He spoke to Eric, slapping their hands together, like all guy friends usually do. “What is up?”
“Nothing much.” Eric said. “What’s up with you, Carter?”
“Absolutely  nothing.” Carter pulled out his phone and typed on the small keys. Eric shook his head and sighed. 
“So you’re still addicted to texting?” 
“Gloria keeps texting me back: I love you, I love you too. But I really love you, Honey you’re the best thing in the world for me. But you’re the greatest. If I stop texting her back, she’ll be sad. I know it.” Carter said this all while managing to text back his, what I assumed to be, lovely girlfriend.
“Boy, Gloria sure has you on a tight lease.” Aaron whistled. 
Carter glared at him and hissed. “I’m the one with the girlfriend. So maybe it’s better if you actually listen to the girl. Words of advice.”
Aaron furrowed his eyebrows, saying, “Touchy.” 
But Carter ignored him. “So Shannon’s pretty pissed at you.” He said, eyes staying glued to the phone. Then I wondered who Shannon was.
“Why now?” Eric said in frustration. “What did I do this time?”
Then Carter rose up his voice in a high pitch that I could only guess was close to Shannon’s: “‘Where’s Eric? I miss him! He needs to get his butt over here and hang out with us. I will kill him if he’s not here!’ Complain, complain, and complain.” A noise sounded from his phone when he pressed the send button, slipping it back inside his pocket. “Don’t mind her though. I think she’s PMS-ing at the moment anyhow.” Carter finally gave a glance in my direction and pointed. His jaw dropped. 
“Whoa!” He said, “You actually did it?”
“I told you I would,” Eric said.
“But you actually, actually did it. I mean, we knew that you said you were doing it, and we believed you, but we didn’t think you would actually do it.”
“What is it with you and actually?” Aaron said.
“I don’t know, actually. I think it was a birth defect. My mom likes to use the word ‘literally’ a lot. I guess it runs through the family.” It was clearly meant to be sarcastic. “Dorothy, right?” He directly made eye contact with me.
“Yeah. How’d you know?” 
“Eric told us his creepy plan. Only the stealing away part, don’t start asking if the future for you is hazy or not!” He waved his hands in front of him, dodging any questions I would want answered.
“Don’t tell her that,” Eric murmured.
“Actually,” Carter started and I smiled a tiny bit, “she has every right to know. What’s your plan now, though? Are you going to keep her here forever in your closet and tied up? Because that’s a really stupid idea Eric. No offense.”
The silence quieted us and I wanted to say something, but had nothing to add. All I did was watch. All I’m ever good for now. “So you should come to the park this afternoon. Shannon and Travis are going to be there, as am I.” His grin was reminiscent of a little kid’s. 
“I hate leaving Dorothy.” Eric said to my relief. I had it with the closet. 
“Then bring her,” He said, as if it were an obvious solution. 
“Great plan,” Eric said sarcastically. “Yeah, I won’t get caught when she’s by my side.” He rolled his eyes.  “Plus, I don’t have a car, remember?”
Carter took this into consideration then waved his left hand at him, disagreeing. “Nah, I know you’ll think of something. Anyway, I have to go. Shannon’s waiting.” He crouched back into a round position to get through the window. Then he jumped to the tree. Aaron and Eric started chatting about an afternoon plan now. 
“I can drive us in my car.” Aaron said to Eric. 
“What about Dorothy.”
“Yeah, what about me? Of course you can never show me to the light of day. And of course you don’t trust me. I do not want tape on my mouth again, Eric.” I wagged my finger at him. He just gazed at me for a very long time. A sudden light bulb went off, at least I think it did with the look on his face. He walked over to me, bending down to untie the rope around my ankles. 
“Don’t run.” He said softly. Then he went to my wrists, “I want to trust you.”
“But you can,” I said in a pleading tone. “I’ll give anything to be outside again.”
“A nature girl,” Aaron sneered. “That’s nice.”
I narrowed my eyes on him. After Eric finished untying me, he walked in the closet. He shuffled through some clothing before tossing a familiar black jacket at me. “Wear that, with the hood on.” He said.
“You haven’t worn this since the party,” I recalled. That’s been in the closet with me the whole time. I grasped the material, pulling the sweater on through the arms and the head. As I did I smelled Eric, and me, that night. How close was I to him? Eric’s smell overpowered, with soap and hints of body spray. I yanked the hood on my head. 
“There,” I looked up at Aaron and Eric. They nodded casually, making an effort not to laugh. Eric’s sleeves were ridiculously longer than my arms, and so was the entire jacket. It seemed to fit Eric perfectly. But he’s so skinny. It doesn’t make sense. 
“All right,” Aaron’s booming voice filled the room. “I will be in my car.” He started to walk out of the room, but halted immediately. “Wait. Eric?”
“Mmm?” He said. 
“You got anything to eat? I’m starving! I haven’t had anything to eat since six o’clock this morning and I—”
“I don’t need to know your life story, Aaron. There are microwavable hot pockets in the fridge. Help yourself.”
“Ooh! Can I have some?” I said. 
“Heat one up for Dorothy too,” Eric noted. Aaron left quietly, making his way towards the stairs. I scanned the room for any cell phone in site. I know it was weird to want to look for it at this minute, but I was free now. I could jump even though part of me told me not to.  
“Dorothy…” Eric said. I shook my head a tiny bit to look at him. His face was real serious. What could it be now that was bothering him? He took a deep breath in only to sigh back out again. “When we get outside… you won’t run, will you?”
I opened my mouth, and busted out a laugh. His eyebrows furrowed in prplexity. “So that’s what you’re worried about? That, as soon as I’m outside, I’ll sprint like a madman? Eric, stop being so paranoid.” I told him. Eric didn’t take his eyes off of me. 
“Funny.” He maneuvered to the door. I completely forgot that I had no more ropes on me and stood up, following. “Somehow still can’t believe you. If I was you….” He left it at that. 
He can’t believe me, I can’t believe myself. But I’m willing to let that slide. The fact that he’s taking a risk to let me go, the fact that I’m going out there. People will be watching. It’ll be too obvious. Eric led me down the steps to his kitchen where Aaron was practically ripping open the cabinets like a cavemen new to the world of fine craftsmanship. 
“I really thought it would be clear that the hot pockets would be in the freezer. Wait a minute. I even said they would be in the refrigerator.”
“Yeah, I know that. I’m not retarded.” Aaron said, shaking his head. 
“Well then what are you doing Aaron. I’d like to know.” 
“I think by now you should know that a hot pocket won’t do anything to me.” He moved his body to signify what he was talking about. “I think Dorothy might be okay with a hot pocket.”
“Fruit, I want fruit.” I demanded, examining the kitchen. Was Eric’s house fruitless?
“Okay, health freak then.” Aaron rolled his eyes. He went to the fridge and grabbed an apple hidden in the drawer as Eric got some hot pockets from the freezer. “You have turkey,” He said, handing me the apple to retrieve the container of individually sliced turkey. He took the cover off and snatched a slice. “Mm,” he said. “There is nothing like a good piece of turkey to brighten your day.”
“Ugh.” I said. Eating turkey like that is so wrong. I only like my turkey on bread. 
“You know that turkey is good for you, right?” Aaron asked when he swallowed. “People who are health freaky always say ‘ew’ at a lot of things. One of the worst characteristics, you know.” 
I only glowered at him and Eric gave me a hot item. 
“Hot pocket,” he said hastily. 
“Hey, where’s mine?” Aaron asked.
“Yah, yours is still in the microwave. I think you can get it yourself.” He said lightly. We made our way towards the front door, and I took in all my surroundings. 
His house was very small. It had a pale-peach color to the walls. Light blue arm chairs and couches were pushed against the window. They were set next to an oval shaped coffee table and a TV set in the front. Paintings covered the walls, plus a book self on the left hand corner next to the window. I also noticed a computer on a narrow desk. The computer and printer were buzzing low. 
Aaron and Eric were really close to me now. Like two bodyguards protecting a pop sensation from a heap of crazy fans. We walked to Aaron’s car as casually as one could while trying to sneak out. Except that neither Eric nor Aaron was sneaking out, they were sneaking me out. And I followed their lead just to make them sure I was trustable. 
It surprised me that Eric hardly had any neighbors around his home. No one I would hope for could spot me. I was already hidden in the car in quick motion. I didn’t even know what happened for sure—just that Eric pushed me in the backseat and told me to put my seatbelt on.
I yanked at it—lucky it cooperated. My car’s backseat belts were horribly abused by its’ previous owners. No one would, or should, even dare to try and buckle up their seatbelts. Or just risk getting slapped.
Aaron walked around the back to the driver’s seat. He pulled at his seatbelt, turned to me with a smile on his face. “Like my car?”
His car was a Cadillac from the year 2006. It was black. The shine faded a bit. It was still a really good car. “Nice,” I summed up in one word, smiling back.
Eric was the last to get in the car. He slowly entered his way in, sliding on the seat. I could tell Aaron was growing impatient by the quiet tapping of his fingertips. Eric clicked his seatbelt in place.
“Okay, Eric.” Aaron finally said. “Where to?”
“The Anderlie park.” Eric said. 
“What?! That’s like an hour away, Eric. Are you kidding me?” 
“You’re exaggerating. It’s only a solid thirty minutes.” Eric said. He twisted his head to me. “Dorothy, you have to duck on the floor.”
“What?” I said.
“Isn’t Eric full of surprises today?” Aaron mumbled, fixing his mirror and starting the engine.  
“You’ll be seen. We’ll have suspicion planted on our faces. Just do it Dorothy,” he pleaded softly. I listened to him and awkwardly glided down to the bottom. I could feel Aaron pull out of the driveway, the car made smooth movements, backing out.
9. KIDS

“Can I get up now?” I asked. It felt only five minutes passed but my butt was asleep and that annoyed me greatly. 
When Eric said, “No, not yet,” I made an exaggerated sigh. Aaron turned the radio on in another five minutes because of how obnoxious I was being. Oh yeah? Why don’t you try squishing through the seats, hiding on the floor? Normal people don’t do this, you know. 
“Slow down,” Eric said. He’s been saying this since we’ve been in the car. I know Eric was afraid of getting caught. Plus the fine that Aaron would get could possibly have to come out of Eric’s wallet. Only because Aaron complained that this park is way too far.
“Eric, we’ve already been over this. Stop being so paranoid!” Through my view I could see Aaron grip the steering wheel, causing a sharp turn. I bumped my head against Eric’s seat.
“Ow.” I said loudly on purpose.
“Eric, can she please sit down normally, I can’t stand her anymore.”
“Hey!” I said again. How dare he? We’re back on square one; he’s never sat here before. 
Eric nodded this time. “Yeah, I think we are distant now. You can sit down.” His head turned my way a smudge. 
“Thank you,” I said bitterly. I carelessly plopped myself on the seat, crossing my arms, staring out the window. We sat quietly, listening to the music and DJ’s vague interruptions in the car. Outside the window was an unfamiliar view. Green trees arched down on the lonely dark rode we were on and the yellow sun glowed through the leaves. 
“How much longer will it be?” Aaron asked in the next ten minutes.
“We’re making good time, actually.” Eric said, “Only about five minutes away now.” 
“Alrighty then.” Aaron said, then murmured, “Five more minutes of wasted gas.”
“I said I’d pay you didn’t I?” Eric exclaimed. 
“Yeah, yeah—”
“Well then stop complaining!” Eric held his head up, rubbing his temple. “Geez, between you and Dorothy…I ought to kill myself.”
“You know I wouldn’t be complaining if I wasn’t even here!” I said in an angry voice. The nerve of Eric.
“Oh, I think this is Anderlie Park.” Aaron slowed when a large area of green with a playground in the center was in view. 
“Yeah. What set you off—the large sign or the little kids?” Aaron laughed at Eric’s witticism. He pulled in the parking lot, examining for a perfect spot. We passed like three before I got ticked off again.
“Why don’t you just park somewhere?!” I shouted.
“My baby isn’t going to be just anywhere,” Aaron said sternly. Baby? So that’s what we’re calling it now? I can never get the dynamics of guys and cars, and nor will I ever try to understand. Finally, Aaron found the “perfect” spot for the car and shut the engine off. 
Eric was the first to get out of the car, followed by Aaron and me. I asked Eric if he knew where his friends were, but he just shrugged his shoulders and still walked ahead. Aaron and I had to keep up or we’d lose him, getting ourselves lost as well. 
I took note of my surrounding. The trees were as tall as the ones back on the road. Kids were laughing and playing with their parents with not a care in the word. The mulch along the pathway was dirty brown, and the green grass made the perfect combination for it. But as we got deeper into the park, the grass wasn’t beautiful green as much and I could see a lake.
Then at last Eric was tired from walking around too. We sat down on the grass because there were no benches around at the moment. 
“Okay, did Carter just totally jerk us?” Aaron said, plucking a piece of grass from the ground. He twisted it in his fingers and then ripped it in half. 
“Carter doesn’t do that.” Eric shook his head. “I know him. He’s the last guy to do that.”
“Yeah, well…” Aaron trailed off, looking towards the lake. Suddenly something rustled from the bushes. Aaron whipped around in a scare. “What was that?”
Eric, Aaron, and I cautiously stood up and before we said anything, three bodies paced quickly towards us. Two guys and a girl was all I could make out. 
“ERIC!” The girl yelled with her voice beautiful and clear. She ran to Eric. Her long, brown, chestnut hair flowed. Her arms held out in the means of a friendly hug. My guess was this had to be Shannon. And as she grew closer, I could see the pink tiny bow plastered in her hair to match her pink shirt, side bangs puffed out and white skinny jeans that I would never be caught dead with on. She looked amazing though. 
So she went and hugged Eric, but he leaned his head down to kiss her on her mouth. And it was awkward to watch, but my eyes wouldn’t part from the scene. Her arms around his waist, his arms around her neck, like all the couples do. Faces covered behind their soft hair, they were taking way too long! My breathing nearly stopped when I caught her on her tiptoes. That move makes everything to cute and…romantic. 
The tall guy agreed with me, coughing like a speaker getting the crowd’s attention before a big speech. 
“Hello? Earth to Shannon and Eric,” he said, when it seemed that they have not noticed the cough. They pulled apart, her eyes now widened with shock while Eric arm lingered around her shoulder, careful. The whole bunch of us glanced around, except for Carter, who had his fingers moving fast on his phone.
“Um…Eric?” Shannon whispered quietly, “Can we speak in private?” Eric and Shannon strolled down near the trees, leaving me alone with the rest of the guys. 
 The tall guy looked down at me, coming closer. “So you’re Dorothy, right?” He asked. I merely nodded. “Yeah, I suspected that. I’m Travis. Travis White.” He stuck out his hand for me and I shook it. The thick rimmed glasses he wore gleamed in the sunlight. His black hair was short and gelled up into uneven spikes. He also had bright baby blue eyes, just like Kade. “I’ve heard a lot about you,” he smirked graciously.
“Really?” I asked, uncertain. It appears Eric’s friends knew way too much about me.
“Hold on—you guys all knew about Dorothy?” Aaron spoke up, sounding very intrigued. 
Carter and Travis both nodded, then I became suspicious too. “Did you know Eric’s plan?”
“Well, we didn’t think he would do it, honestly.” Travis said calmly. “But then again, it’s Eric. We had the impression he would. Like a 50/50 chance.”
I stepped closer to him, getting in his face. “Fifty percent chance was enough to stop him.” My voice growled. Anger swept over me quickly. I didn’t know if it was because of this or the image of Shannon and Eric still kissing in my head. Either way, the blood boiled perfectly. I shoved Travis, hoping he’d land on the ground, but he just stood there with a big stupid grin. 
“Oh, you’re so pretty—but dumb.” He said, and I glared at him. That got me angrier. But I realized the anger was great, just the strength I had didn’t cut it. 
“Pretty but dumb, is that what you concluded of us girls now?” I caught that clear voice again, and even though she was on my side, she pushed my buttons. Too perfect.
“Oh Shannon, you know what I mean. You saw her. She had her heart set on me falling to my doom.”
“Your ‘doom’ is the ground?” I turned to see her roll her chocolate brown eyes, crossing her arms, waiting for a better excuse. Eric was only a couple of paces behind her. He didn’t look concerned at all, I could see—he was lost in his own little world. 
“Again, you know what I mean.” He said.
Shannon went up to him fast, pointing her finger out and poking him in the chest. “See, this is why you don’t have a girlfriend!” She said.
“Should I add that to the list then,” Carter spoke up.
“Yes, yes you should!” Shannon said, not taking her eyes off of Travis. 
“Allen, if you add that, I will kill you in your sleep.” Travis yelled to Carter. Carter waved his hand at Travis, indicating that he doesn’t really care.
Shannon moved away from Travis, coming towards me now. She smiled brightly. “Hey, I’m Shannon Vermont. You must be Dorothy.” She didn’t stick out her hand like everyone, but instead hugged me gently with all the guys staring. I hugged her back, awkwardly, as I’m not really used to hugging strangers or friends a lot really. 
Aaron whistled. He had a dirty mind, clearly.
“Oh, life is no greater than it used to be.” Shannon took her arms away from my back and looked at Aaron. “And how are you doing, scumbag?”
“Just fine, thank you.” He stretched out his arms and put his hands behind his head. 
“Learn from my mistakes, Reed.” Travis rubbed his left shoulder. 
“I’m not interested in changing him. He’s a lost cause.” Shannon might as well have stuck up her nose in the air. Aaron just shook his head in amusement. I kind of see what he meant earlier.
“And I’m definitely not interested in changing.” Aaron said. I felt someone behind me. Turning slowly I found Eric lurking next to me. His head was down as he shifted quietly. Was he upset about something? 
“So Dorothy, we’re Eric’s crew.” Travis said. I looked at him and he had a small smile, ones that indicated a small secret.
“I thought we established that it was Shannon’s crew,” she said, matter of factly. 
“It wouldn’t make much sense to Dorothy if it was in your name. She only knows Eric.”
“Yeah, well she can get to know me,” Shannon said, while her arms folded across her chest as she tapped her foot lightly. Was she waiting for me to say something?
“Say Dorothy, what inspired your parents with that name? Was it the lovely Wizard of Oz that did the trick? Or maybe that movie Twister, also inspired by it?” Travis questioned, expecting an answer.
No one has ever asked me why I was named Dorothy. It was just my name. And they were okay with it. So I never got the chance to share the story about my name. “My parents had a friend that hooked them up. Her name was Dorothy, and here I am.” It rang clear to me, but of course something didn’t add up to somebody.
“So wait, you hooked up your parents?” Travis asked as a confused look spread across his face. “That’s weird.” 
I was about to correct him, but Shannon shot up. “No stupid! Her mom and dad had a friend named Dorothy, before Dorothy—” she waved her arms at me “—was even born.” 
“Okay. So you’re parents had a friend named Dorothy, and they named you after their friend.” He pointed his finger up. A light bulb went off, clearly.
“Yes. The girl that hooked them up.” I repeated. 
“That’s sweet,” Shannon smiled.
“No, that’s weird.” Aaron said. “I mean, why don’t they go through the baby name book like normal parents. That’s what mine did.” 
“Well, normal parents give their baby a name of meaning to them. Like Dorothy’s!” Shannon said, “Mine just named me after the godfather.” 
“The Godfather?” Aaron said, incredulously.
She shook her head furiously. “I’m not talking about the movie you dimwit, I’m talking about my godfather!” She apparently couldn’t take it anymore and linked a hold of my arm. “Come on Dorothy, these guys are much too brainless.” She pulled me and we made our way towards the lake.
As we neared it, there was a log against a wide tree. I thought it was put there on accident, but walking closer, I saw a bunch of other logs forming into a round circle with was a burnt middle. That was for the fire, I guessed. We were at a campsite.
I assumed that we were going to sit on one of the logs, but she kept on walking, right up to the lake where there was a small bench. She sat on the right, so I sat on the left. For a moment we were both quiet but then she said, “So you got kidnapped, huh?”
I didn’t really know how to reply to that so I sluggishly nodded my head.
She nodded back. “Yep, that’s right. Well, why don’t you just run now?” I glanced at her. Why don’t I? I’m outside, free of chains, able to walk. I could just run, like she said. But I didn’t trust her. She was Eric’s friend, after all. 
“Are you going to stop me,” I asked. She shifted her eyes from my gaze to the lake. 
“I can say that I won’t stop you, but I cannot say that I won’t tell Eric as soon as you try.” She bends down to grab something from the dirt. I saw in her hand it was a gray rock round and polished. “I believed it when Eric said that he would do it. I’ve known him since childhood.”
Oh, but of course. Childhood friends. The worst—the annoying in love. “Really, so…how was that?” I asked. 
“Our friendship? One of the best,” she said, her voice drifting. “He’s super amiable.” My eyes switched from blank to bewilder. She saw this. “You should know what I mean.” But I didn’t. 
“Eric is…quiet.” I disagreed.
She shook her head, like the whole world did not understand Eric Grant. “No. Well,” she second-guessed herself, “now he’s quiet. But when we first met each other, he was a troublemaker with a bad attitude.”
“When did you guys meet.” I was curious.
“When we were four—at a daycare center back in our hometown.” She said, recalling that faithful day. “I disliked greatly the recess they would have for us after naptime. I enjoyed naptime. Still do if there is time.” The pebble that she twisted in her hand a moment ago skidded its way into the water. “But ah—I bid a fib to the one of the teachers. I said I was ill and she believed me. I mean, what kid would want to miss recess?
“And she let me reside on the small mat they had for us. I was ecstatic.” She grinned wickedly. “I had no friends at the daycare, yet another reason to bypass recess. Apparently, Eric was cutting to be in the front of the line. So the teacher did what teachers do best, discipline.” She said this as if the word had no meaning in her life. Poor Eric had to be sent to the back.
“He found me sitting on the mat, waiting for the others to play out in the hot blazing sun. Then he questioned me. He asked ‘Why are you sitting here?’ and ‘What about recess?’ So I said the same thing I said to the teacher—I was utterly sick. But unlike our teacher, he didn’t accept that. He thought I was flat-out lying. Which I was.” She shrugged her arms. “But I didn’t think that it would bother anyone. He insisted on me going outside. I didn’t budge. He tried a second time, no success. The third time, though, he became physical. Picking me up at the wrists. 
“I screamed my head off Dorothy.” She laughed. “Oh boy. The teacher must have been terrified enough to pee in her pants. I bet she thought I was dying or something.” Her face turned very serious. “But both the scream and the teacher heading towards us didn’t stop him from achieving to stand me up. He received a timeout and an apology to me. And Eric was willing to pay the time, but he refused to say he was sorry. That pissed me off forever, still does.
“But even so, Eric became an interesting person to me, and I don’t let interesting people pass up in my life.” She smiled sweetly and I predicted her to say another sweet thing to go with the smile. I didn’t expect her to say, “So I stalked him.”
“You…stalked him?” I was baffled. 
“M-hm. Carried around a little red notepad to write down the behavior of daily Eric. I immediately saw a pattern in him: he was arrogant, telling off everyone in our class. He didn’t appreciate the liars populating our world, the way he would stand so high and mighty. Better than everyone else I suppose.”
“So when did you guys get together?” I interrupted the flow of her story. The suspense was killing me though.	
“What?” She asked with her face expressionless. Obviously, she doesn’t know what I meant. But as I opened my mouth, realization hit her, as she nodded. “Yeah, I don’t know.” Her shoulders rose and fell. “We just are?” The question at the end made me suspicious. How can she not know anything about her and Eric? They’re together. 
I raised an eyebrow curiously at her. She looked away. What a liar. “I’m no Eric, but I suspect you’re bad at telling a tale.”
“Ugh.” She exaggerated a sigh from her lips. “Eric’s never going to get me that book now.” She shook her head and gazed at me. “Everything is a lie. Remember that, won’t you?”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean what I mean.” She smirked. “Do you want to know why Eric kidnapped you?”
My eyes widened. “More than anything!”
“Well,” She started, “I can’t honestly say, but I have a verdict on why he did that.” She said, “After all, I spent my whole life studying him!” She laughed. “Eric’s lonely, Dorothy. I mean we’re all he’s got, friend wise.”
Girlfriend wise. Why isn’t she mentioning that? 
“Ever since the deaths of all around him….” Shannon trailed off and found my eyes. “Do you believe he killed them?”
Hard to say. Everyone thought he killed them when word got out, even me. But now, I don’t know what to think. “I don’t know.” I shrugged. “I mean, I thought at first—”
“DON’T THINK THAT!” She said, fiercely. “Eric doesn’t deserve any of that, he didn’t kill anyone.”
“How do you know?”
She closed her eyes. “Eric’s other friends were strange, that’s when I noticed he started to go sour.”
“Sour?”
“He was training to be a bad seed. No more troublemaking Eric who judges anyone who lies. A dark, cynical Eric has come upon us all,” she said. “His friends talked a lot about suicide.” 
“Suicide?”
“Do you not know the definition of that word?” Then she muttered, “These moronic people…” She brought her elbow on her leg and used her palm to cup her chin, facing the ocean again. 
“I know what it means,” I said irritated. I hated it when people wrote me off. “I just don’t get your point. Was Eric suicidal or something?”
“Eric is…” She searched for words, concluding with, “complicated.” And she was right—Eric was complicated. Just when you think you know him, he snaps into some other personality. Like a psychotic fireball. The launching that I couldn’t handle. “He seemed to like the idea of suicide. I knew him much to better. He was afraid. I could see that in his eyes.” Just as she said that, she looked into mine.
“We both grew up Catholic. We had daycare, elementary, and religion class together. Still, people get lost.” She dropped her eyes to her electric green and pink converse. “We’ve had a lot of conversations, is what I mean.”
“You guys are close,” I noted, but despised the fact that my voice hinted jealously. 
“I think you’re keeping him alive, Dorothy,” she said in a loud and strong tone. Funny, how I could be so jealous of her and all she cares about is the well being of Eric. “For some reason, I dunno, he needed to do this. Call him crazy, but now you know he’s been crazy his whole life.” I felt certain she kept some information to herself, but she wanted to spill out more. 
“Come on Dorothy.” She grabbed my wrist, dragging me up with her. We were halfway back to the guys when she said, “I’m sorry, but I get easily frustrated when having to say three or more syllables in a name.” Then it took me a minute to comprehend that she was talking about my name. Dorothy, three syllables.  
“I’m sorry,” I apologized, apathetically. 
“Do you have a nickname of some sort?” she said. 
“People call me Dottie.” I confessed.
“Dottie,” She thought over this, scratching her chin. Her face was hard. “Has a nice ring to it.” She smiled. “Yep, Dottie it is. We are going to be great friends, Dottie.” She held her right hand out for a shake. I took it with ease. Like a deal—we were going to be friends.

10. CAMPING OUT

When we went back to the guys, they were all sitting around each other in a huddle sort of circle. Travis and Aaron were discussing something along the lines of food.
“Fried chili paste.” Aaron pointed his finger. Then he crossed his arms, leaning back and nodded his head like a catchy tune was on. 
“Ew,” Carter said with dull emotion. This time he wasn’t actually on his phone, but his fingers continuously fondled over it. 
“I gotta go with Carter on this one,” Travis said, nodding over to Cater. But he snapped his head back to Aaron, face all serious. “I’m not a pansy.” 
Aaron waved his hands at him. “Never said you were.” They noticed us. “Girls are back from whatever they were doing.”
“And that remains between us,” Shannon said. Her eyes suddenly got wide and she put on a cleaver grin. “You guys! We should sleep over here!” Everyone fell mute when Shannon whined. “Come on guys! You promised me that one day we would do it.” She crossed her arms in a very childish manner. 
“One day,” Eric said, trying to wrap his mind around the word. “That was five years ago, Shannon.”
“So?”
“So….we were twelve. That scary crap out here was supposed to be on a dare. And now we’re older… therefore—”
“Oh don’t give me that “therefore” junk. Remember that I’m the literate one here. Who else is taking English honors?” She looked around to everyone, shrugging.
“Who’s talking Calculus honors?” Carter murmured. 
“And being in an honors class doesn’t necessarily mean you’re smart.” Travis spoke up. I silently agreed with him. He looked up at Shannon, “It just means you care deeply about being better than everyone. Also that you care a lot about you’re education.”
“I care a lot about my education.” I said.
Travis took his glance off of Shannon to me. “Yeah but you’re normal.” He pushed himself up with the grass. “You see, we take our normal average classes and do average in them. We’re just regular old people. And people like Carter and Shannon will rule over us, sadly, but won’t really have a very nice normal lives like us.” He gave me a wink.
“Who said I wanted to be normal. Who said I liked normal?” She bit her nail and took a gander at it. 
“Well who said I liked smart?” Travis said back. I stared between the two. I couldn’t help feeling that they were hiding something from each other—something beneath all the relentless arguing. 
Shannon tightened her eyes and glared up at Travis since he was now leaning over her. Then she stepped back, yelling to Eric. “WE ARE SLEEPING HERE TONIGHT! BRING CLOTHES. I’LL DO THE REST OF THE CONVINCING!” After saying that, she grabbed Travis by the hand and Carter too. Both of them didn’t fight, just obeyed her. The hold she had over guys.
Eric clutched on my hand as well, jerking me to follow him. We embarked our way back to Aaron’s car as he ranted on about nothing in particular to Eric. I took in the surrounding nature. I found a brown owl sleeping up in the hollow of an oak tree. I also encountered a couple of rabbits, baby rabbits with their mother. 
“You really are a nature girl, aren’t you?” Aaron interrupted me. I flustered.
“Not really. But this park is beautiful.” I commented.
“One of the oldest parks in the world.” Eric said, catching my gaze. I then embarrassingly tripped on a small log, almost falling but caught myself just in time.
“I was about to say klutz.” Aaron smirked. He mocked my almost falling. I tsked at him. We were closer to the parking lot when Aaron asked me the stupidest question you could ask a hostage. “How does it feel to be kidnapped?”
I gawked at him to make sure he wasn’t serious. “You’re really asking me that?”
Eric said the same thing. “You really aren’t asking her that, are you?”
“It’s like Anne Frank! Eric’s the German and you should be recording your thoughts on this whole thing.” He pointed to me and Eric. I didn’t think that Aaron could be any more of an idiot. He sure proved me wrong.
“This is not the correct time period.” Eric rolled his eyes. They’re polar opposites. 

Eric let me borrow his bag to stuff some overnight clothing in. I took my last remaining clean clothes, not caring much anymore on how I looked. Aaron honked the horn outside, signaling for the fifth time that we needed to go. And while I trudged downstairs, I found Eric in the kitchen writing quick on a piece of paper. I gazed over his shoulder, reading his note.

Mom, 
I'm going out with Aaron to Anderlie Park. Then after, we will sleep over at Travis's Carter's house. Don't worry about us, all right? -Eric

“Your mom’s going to worry about you?” I asked concerned.
“Yeah,” Eric said a bit dazed. “She’s one of those worrier-for-life kind of people. Ever since I was born she’s been careful. And as I grew up she became more watchful. It wasn’t until after that incident that set her off on real guard.” I knew which incident he was referring to.
“But I think it’s nice to have your mom worry about you.” I said. I know my parents care, but they are always so busy to show it. By what Eric’s saying, I’m pretty sure his mom showers her love over him every day. Eric smiled at me while I was lost in this thought.
“Okay.” The front do opened furiously but no head popped out from anywhere. “I have been out there for ten freaking minutes, and I’m going to drive away with or without you. Come on now.” Aaron closed the door again.
“I guess we should go,” Eric said.
“I guess we should.” We were headed out the door until Eric snagged my arm and twirled me back around to face him. I thought he might have lost it and killed me right then and there, but all he did was tug at my hood and dragged it slowly on my head.
“I’m scary right?” He said quietly.
I looked away to catch my breath. “Who was asking?”

After we parked the car, we hiked deep in the woods again. All the while, Aaron managed to complain in both the car and as we walked the trail about how much mileage we’re wasting by this trip.
“Shut up!” I said.
Aaron looked at me like I’ve gone completely insane. “What’s your problem?”
I was about to rip my hair out. “No what’s YOUR problem? All you’ve done is complain, complain, and complain. I’m sick of hearing your voice! Don’t you have anything else to care about besides your car?”
“PMS?” Aaron offered out of nowhere. His assumption was entirely sexist.
“No! Why would—” I let it go. Shannon was right. Aaron was a lost cause.
“Is that Aaron and Dottie fighting I hear?” A smooth voice came out from the woods. “Because if it is, don’t waste your breath Dottie.” 
Shannon pulled down my hood letting my hair fall around my shoulders. “Your hair is gorgeous!” She exclaimed. She glared at Eric. “Why’d you make her put the hood on. She has pretty hair that should be shown to the world!”
“Your hair’s much prettier.” I said. I thought it was the truth. I couldn’t count on how many times I wished I had Janaki’s or even the devil in legging’s hair. Straight brown hair was in. Everyone wants to date that girl. Blond frizzy, wavy hair is not that great, at least in my opinion it wasn’t. I tried to convince mom that she should let me dye it, but her utter shock of my disdain made her say no. Blond hair has been in the Fane family for generations. I had absolutely no right to ruin it my hair.
“Oh please.” She waved her hand at me. “Everyone is going brunette like it’s the end of the world as we know it.” Then she added, “You’re a site for sore eyes Dottie.” She smiled at me, or at least I thought she did because her eyes weren’t on me. They were looking past me. She started walking away, a signal that we should follow. 
“We found the greatest spot Eric.” She bragged, tossing her hair back to tie into a ponytail. 
“Oh really?” Eric said. 
“You don’t believe me? That’s so like you!” She spun around to Eric making him come to a sudden halt. “I found it on a whim. I think a couple of girl scouts used it for hide and seek. And possibly for hanging around away from their leader.” She snickered. “There’s a large hammock tied between two trees.”
“A large hammock?” Aaron said. “Whatever happened to your very scholarly vocabulary?” 
“I need to reread the dictionary.” She said. “Hey Eric, my birthday’s coming up. How about a new Thesaurus?”
“You’re birthday is not for six months.” Eric reminded. 
“Fat.” Aaron said, cutting off their brief conversation. “Fat is another word for large. There’s your half-birthday gift.” He smiled.
Shannon sighed in frustration. “You are an idiot. That word is just as bad as large.”
“What’s wrong with large? I like large.” I said. Then Shannon sighed at me as if I didn’t understand. Words were the same to me. Who cares if one word sounds better than the other? They’re all the same.
“Excessive is a good word.” Eric said, pointing out his finger. 
Shannon gasped. “That is a good word. Eric, why the hell are you not in English honors?” She hit him on the shoulder in a playful way. 
“I only know fancy vocabulary because of you.” Eric said, his eyes locking onto hers. No, not the mushy love again! I turned my gaze from them. The sun was setting now. Through the trees the rays glared at me, hurting my eyes. 
“You guys are weird.” Aaron broke the silence first.
“And you’re a stupid idiot.” Shannon muttered.
“And you’re using idiot too much. Why don’t you try another word?”
“Okay, how about you cretin.” Aaron stopped walking and stared at Shannon. 
“You may have gotten me this time—” 
“No, don’t worry. I have to learn a lot of good words to describe you and Travis. There endless ways to say ‘idiot’. You know that right?” She glanced up at Aaron. 
He just grumbled something that was too hard to comprehend. Shannon gave a small “mhm” and all I could hear was the crunching of leaves beneath our feet. 
When we turned around a corner, Shannon jumped up in excitement. “We’re here!”
I looked up from the ground to find Travis and Carter in the middle of a bunch of logs. They were struggling to start a fire. Travis muttered curse words under his breath while Carter scowled at him. 
Shannon put her hands to each side of her mouth, shouting, “You guys suck! Where’s the fire?” 
Travis brought his head up and gave her a deep glare. “Why don’t you try it?” He stood up, throwing sticks on the ground in a foolish manner. Carter was still bending around, not wanted to be defeated yet. Travis folded his arms up to his chest, looking away from him and the fire. “I give up.”
And right when he said that, Carter announced, “Got it,” with a bright yellow flame reflecting in his brown eyes. 
“Yeah, well…” Travis started. The sound of his voice baffled. “I helped.”
“Actually, you did.” Carter nodded, grinning. “You moved.”
“All right.” Shannon said. But this time she didn’t have anything to add to that. 
“You came here without a plan!?” Aaron yelled.
“No, I came here on a spur-of-the-moment.” He gave her a look of disproval. “I just, uh—tear your eyes away from me right now Aaron Reed!” She spat. Aaron looked away in a rush. I held my top lip with my bottom teeth, trying not to crack a smile.

We were all settled down on the floor. Carter and Travis were across from me. Carter sat on one of the logs while Travis sat somewhat near him. I caught Aaron’s soft brown hair at my right. His half-grin suggested that he thought up something dirty already about the way Carter and Travis were near each other. And finally, Shannon and Eric rested at my left. 
The dead air made an eerie sound. It was quiet.
“What fun,” Aaron said. “But dumb.”
Shannon took this to create an opposing view. She put her palm against her head. “I may have done this with the wrong bunch.”
“Well too late now,” Travis said. “I lied to my dad. The deed’s done.” 
I stared at the fire. The flame was a bright yellow-orange color. I hated the weather right now and the flame only made me think more of this. My face felt hot due to the small fire, but my hands at feet were icy cold. How could one part of the body can be a total opposite of the other? Nothing could ever be in sync, apparently. 
“DOTTIE!” Shannon yelled at me.
I looked at her. “What?”
“I was questioning you on what you think we should do.”
Me? I shrugged, pitching an idea out, “Maybe you can tell a scary story?”
Shannon snapped her fingers the way a cartoon character does after coming to a great decision. “That’s a stunning thought!” She glanced around the fire, “So who is going to blow us away with a tale only provided by the mysteries of life?”
“I have a story.” Travis held his head up. He scooted closer to the campfire, his glasses mirroring the burning flare. “So this story may sound very familiar. It’s about a group of teenagers that have nothing better to do than sit around in the woods.”
“Don’t start—” Shannon began, but was cut off.
“No. It gets better!” He hacked on for an exaggerated period of time. Obviously to clear his throat but he probably thought we weren’t getting the message. “Okay so these teens went to these woods to do this spectacular bonfire. And while they were drinking and having a ball a man approached them.
“But he was deathly sick, coughing out blood. He asked the kids to help him, but he looked so disgusting. His eyes were red and his mouth… some of the flesh has fallen off. It was disturbing. So of course the teens didn’t help. Why would they, they barely knew the guy. And being the selfish people we are, we help no one but ourselves.
“So the man eventually fell into the lake that was near the woods—kinda like this one here.” He implied the lake Shannon took me by. “Bad news is that water he fell into is the same water that the teens drink out of in the cabin they were staying at.”
“Cabin Fever you bastard!” Shannon shouted before he could continue on. 
One of his eyebrows rose, “I thought I could tell any story.”
“Don’t steal a story! Come up with your own.” 
Travis took this into consideration. “Oh. Then I’m out.” He waved his hands, retracting his head on the log. 
“What a great story.” I could feel Aaron rolling his eyes within the tone. 
“Oh shut up,” Travis said, “I don’t see you coming up with anything, Reed.”
“That’s because I’m not—”
“All right, all right, all right. You two, do yourselves a favor and shut up.” She pointed at Travis and Aaron.  “I’ll tell a story.” She cleared her throat, just like Travis. 
“It all begins with a man and his horse.”
“Why does that sound so familiar?”
“Well it’s not supposed to,” she said. “If anything, I’m coming up with it on the spot.”
“Continue,” I said, encouraging. She’s trying to have fun and no one else seems to care.
“The young man rode his horse into this dark forest. They were both tired, as they have been traveling all day long. So they sighted a glowing cabin in the forest—don’t interrupt me Travis—and the man humbly knocked on the wooden door. A young blond haired woman opened it. She smiled. ‘Hello, how may I help you?’ she asked. 
The man said, ‘My horse and I are tired from our miles of traveling. Can you please spare some food and water?’
“She smiled even wider, showing her pearly white teeth. ‘How about you come in and get settled. I’ll get some tea for you and water for your horse.’
“When she left to go and get drinks, the man took in the surroundings. But before he could even go through some of her things, she was back in a flash with his cup of tea.
“‘Here,’ she said, but she was no longer smiling. The man started to think that she no longer wanted him in her house anymore, but she pushed a smile back on her face, sensing his discomfort. ‘Thank you for coming by my house.’
“‘It was the only house that I found.’ The young man confessed. 
“The lady’s grin brightens up, ‘That’s nice of you to stop by, you could have just moved on.’
“Well why would I? The guy thought. The lady offered him to stay the night, which he agreed. But during the night he woke up with a cold fright of a nightmare. He grabbed his horse from her yard and ran off. But a railroad he ran into. 
“And then the lady…the lady was glowing in the dark. That’s when the man knew she was no ordinary woman. As he gazed at her, she grew closer to him…taking him by the hand… and….” Shannon paused. The story fell out of place to her, no call of finishing.
“Well you suck.” Travis said.
Shannon made a face, “It’s not done.”
“Finish it.”
“I do NOT know what to do,” she said, her voice hinting annoyance. “All I do know is that there was really no railroad after all,” she said this as if it all came to her. “After that night at least. The lady and the man disappeared.”
“That story wasn’t your best,” Carter said.
“I’m not much of a story teller, though,” Shannon crinkled her nose. “The fire’s getting to me. Can you put it out?” She asked no one intentionally.
Then a large rumble of a snore came from my right. Aaron was sprawled on the ground asleep. Everyone snickered, even me. I couldn’t help it though. He looked like a cute little bear.

I woke up at dawn, the sky a light blue. It was most likely five in the morning. 
I sat up from my sleeping bag, dazed. Everyone was there, but of course, all asleep. Even Eric, who might have grown accustom to Aaron’s powerful snoring. I also eyed toward Shannon and Travis who were sleeping rather close together. Carter slept off to his own space, clutching onto his phone like it was his lifeline. 
And then it hit me. This was my chance. I can escape. They were all dead, and I breathe awake. 
So I gradually stood up, careful not to make any louder sounds than Aaron, and trudged off into the green trees. Sure, I didn’t know where the hell I was going, but as long as it’s somewhere, I’m okay with no idea.
This must be fate waking me up before everyone else. Someone obviously cared for me, whether it’d be God or maybe another entity all around. I didn’t care. But something inside me said to stop. Said that I should go back and sleep. Why would I listen to the conclusive craziness my heart had been suggesting?
The crunching beneath my feet must have been the only sound out here. No birds cried out now, nor did the ground creatures from last night sprang along the pathway. And my fingers brushed through my messy hair as the cold wind attacked. This only made things more uncomforting than they already were. 
I kept on walking into what seemed like oblivion of crowding oak trees. But then a sharp metal object on the floor caught my eye. I couldn’t pass it up. It made me come to an abrupt stop. 
I bent down to brush the dirt of off of the glistening metal, jumping back in a yelp. That story was just made up, I thought. No way could Shannon’s story be real. Gleaming back at me were train tracks. Like a nasty sign, I could feel more wind shake me up. 
All of a sudden, something dark caught my eye. 

11. CRAMP

“I hope you’re not running away from me again.” Eric’s familiar voice wrapped around me like a warm fur coat. 
I shrugged. “How can I not?” I said. I spread out my hands wide. “I’m free!” But Eric caught my wrists just as fast as he came into my view. I frowned but so did he. Neither of us liked this position. 
“I have a rash there so be careful,” I hissed at him. He loosened his grip on me, but not enough to let me escape. “How did you find me?”
“I told you I’m a light sleeper, didn’t I?” He said while a slight smile formed on his lips. 
I ignored that. “Is Shannon’s story real?”
Eric looked down at me, puzzled. “She said that she made it up.” But I looked at the train track and he followed my gaze. “Coincidence?”
“Yeah… maybe.” I didn’t realize how much the cold was affecting me. My teeth chattered and I couldn’t break out of it. Eric’s stupid jacket wasn’t enough to keep my body warm. And now seeing my breath just about ticked me off. Winters are not my season.
Then Eric did something totally unnecessary, which I guess was necessary, since he watched my bothersome face.
He hugged me. 
The hug only surprised me because I can only think of Shannon and Kade. Another thought entered my mind too: Eric never touched me besides my hands. But he only hugged me because I was cold. Eric just wanted to make me felt better, that’s it. We stood like statues in the middle of the tracks. I’m not sure if I’m supposed to let go first, though, we eventually let each other go. 
All the while, Eric insisted on holding my hand (which is only because he doesn’t trust me). We landed back at the camping site, which I would have not known my way back without Eric. 
Once the leaves crunched, Shannon’s head snapped up and she exclaimed, “Where have you guys been? We’ve been missing you!” By her obvious tone, I know that last remark was directly for me. Eric would never walk away without consulting the others. 
“Shannon has this great idea, we should EAT OUT.” Aaron said in a suggesting way, wrapping up his sleeping bag. He pushed it down his backpack, grunting every so often. 
“I said that before I became aware of the situation Eric has put himself in.” Shannon said, her eyes narrowing on him. “Yes. But we could eat at some restaurant around the park. There’s tons!”
“Not enough.” Eric shook his head. “But if you really want to….” He put his arm around her shoulder, his eyes boring into mine. I looked down to avoid it.
Shannon cleared her throat walking out of Eric’s grasp towards me. “I’m going to take Dorothy in my car!” She pointed at me.
“Your car?” Travis said, flabbergasted. “My car, you mean. And I’m going in my car.” He crossed his arms, blue eyes glued into Shannon’s.
A grin spread on her face as she fished out something from her jacket pocket. The item gave a jingle. Evidently keys. “So how are you to drive in your car without these?” 
His eyes widened, furiously patting his front and back pockets. “Did you go through my pants?”
“I’m going to take your car. Let’s go Dottie!” She yanked on my wrists, which a lot of people seem to be doing lately. 
We grabbed our bags (mine was already made up thanks to Shannon) and headed to a different direction I never went before. As we went through the trees, I noticed that the trees on this side were more compressed then the ones we followed through in the trail. Before I knew it, we were out of the trees and into this ratty old Mitsubishi. It was a silver car with the paint chipping at the sides. 
Shannon dumped our stuff in the trunk while I got into the passenger seat. Near my feet there were tons of graphic novels with pictures of animated Japanese characters on them. I began to pick up one when Shannon yelled, “DO NOT TOUCH THAT!”
I halted immediately and dropped the book. 
“Those are classic manga and Travis will kill you!”
My brows pulled up. “Okay.” I stuffed my hands in my pockets, hoping that this car had heat available. As if reading my mind she answered.
“God can only blast some heat or air in this car.” Shannon put the key in the ignition to start the engine. Small air blew on my face, to my discomfort. Like I needed to be colder. Shannon turned the knob to the red line and changed the air direction our face to our feet.
The slightest warmth has come upon us. Or at least I think—unless it was my imagination. Then Shannon said, “God loves us,” and drove out of the parking lot.
After we got about a half a mile away from the park, Shannon’s cell phone rang. She answered it quickly. “Hello…. Yeah... no.” She paused, and then continued. “Toni’s.... Why not? Whatever. I’m going and Dottie’s going to be with me. Perhaps along the way she will disappear from my sight, running to all those policemen…. Good. Glad we worked something out.” She shut the phone.
“So Dottie, start talking.” She brushed some hair out of her face. 
“What?” I asked.
“Oh you heard me,” She said. “What’s got your butt in a twist?”
I snickered, “Never heard of that one before.”
“I try to keep things fresh.” She shrugged. 
“I’m fine.” I said and then added, “Except for the situation I’m currently in.”
“Well yeah.” Shannon said in an understanding tone. “It’s not like anyone wants to get kidnapped.” She twisted her head sideways, but kept her eyes glued to the road. “I can see something between you two.” I opened my mouth, astonished. Was it really that easy? She noticed my reaction and slightly smirked. “I knew it.” She said, accusingly.
“You’re not angry?” I asked too fast. She should be. Every girlfriend who can see someone else holds her boyfriend’s interest should kill the girl right on the spot. It only got me thinking that Shannon and Eric were so odd being together. 
“Yes.” She bit her lip, holding back a face. “I really want to tell you something,” she said in a low whisper. “I know Eric is going to kill me once he finds out you know, but I think it will be better this way.” She flexed her hands on the wheel.
“Eric and I are not dating.” She said in a calm business-like voice. 
I gasped. “WHAT?” 
She took her eyes off the road to look at me. I could see she thought she said something wrong, which it was wrong, but not to her. She wanted to reassure me. She shook her head. “We never were.” Long live the only tale, huh?
“But then why did you run up and kiss each other?” I said, that was the only thing really bothering me. If Shannon persists that they aren’t a couple. “Explain to me that.”
“I needed an explanation on that too. So that’s why I wanted to talk to Eric briefly. He reminded me of a silly thing we did in the fifth grade.” She chuckled at the old memory. “We watched a lot of couples back then. Seeing the kissing, the hugging, the holding hands and being all mushy with each other.
“We thought that if we would be alone, we’d at least have each other’s backs. Romance happened to be one of them. So right then and there, I kissed him on the mouth. In the park, it had to be one of the most awkward moments in our entire lives.”
“Aside from the other kiss.”
She waved her hand at me. “Nah that was a good kiss. He actually kissed back that time. Of course, I wasn’t the one who stepped in and did it. He took matters into his own hands.”
“And he did this because…?” I started, looking for answers.
“He’s jealous.” She said. “Of you.” As if I didn’t get the point across. 
“Oh.”
“So who’s this ‘Kade’ fellow that you’re dating. I can tell Eric hates the ever being of his presence.” 
“He’s just a normal guy.” I said, all truth in it. 
She laughed so loud at this. “Wow. Just a normal guy? Why on earth would you bother with him, then? Dottie,” Then she said in a serious tone. “Eric’s interesting.”
I couldn’t believe her. She wants me to be with Eric. Eric, the guy who kidnapped me during a party. “Are you insane?” Maybe I could get out of this car. Stop, drop, and roll aren’t only for fires. 
“I know, I know.” She said, sensing my outrage. She fell quiet now, driving along.
This made me content. I didn’t have to answer questions anymore. After a while, my stomach took a plunge of hurt. 
“Ow!” I winced. 
Shannon immediately responded. “What’s the matter?”
“My… stomach.” I realized what it must have been. “I think I have….”
She nodded, indefinitely. “Period. I wonder if Eric’s thought of that.” She looked at me for a quick moment, then glancing back at the road. “I don’t have anything, I’m sorry Dottie.” She took her phone out of her pocket and started to push buttons.
“What are you doing?” I asked surprised. 
A bewildered expression took over her face. “We’re not going to pass a convenient store for miles Dottie. Travis is going to hate you for life if anything gets on the seat.” She said. “They were still in the park when Eric called. They could turn and get something.”
I waved my hands up in the air, shouting, “No, no, no! Please no.” I begged. She pulled over the car.
“Oh my gosh.” She shook her head. She still had a mid-phone number typed on the screen. “You’re not one of those people who are embarrassed when Mother Nature slips in for her monthly visit?”
“Yes?” I said. 
“Dottie,” She said in a sweet voice that made it hard to understand why she completed her sentence in a deadly voice, “Get over it.” She resumed dialing numbers and waited a couple of seconds before a grumbled voice answered on the other end.
“What the hell are you doing with Eric’s phone, Aaron?” She waited for his response. “Well I think it does matter. Okay, well…. Can you go to a convenient store before going to Toni’s? Dorothy needs—” She cupped her hand over the receiver. “What do you like? Pads or tampons?”
Why must she put me in an awkward position? “Uh…. pads?” I breathed out. Let’s just get this over with. 
“Yeah feminine pads.” She said. A husky laugh sounded through the phone. My face flustered. “We’re not in middle school anymore. Grow up!” And then someone in the background yelled, taking the phone from Aaron. “She better not get nothing on my seat!” I could tell it was Travis.
“Anything, Travis. Anything on your seat.” She corrected. “And if you go fast—” The line went dead. She took the phone down from her ear, studying the phone. Astonishment presented on her face. “Huh,” he said, smirking. “I should do that some more.” 
“Well don’t use me next time.” I crossed my arms over my chest, looking out the window. 
She chuckled softly. Shannon twisted the key to start the car, but it didn’t budge. “Oh no!” She leaned her head against the seat. “Stupid car,” she cursed silently. 
“What is it?” I asked, already feeling the panic of being stranded again. 
“Car battery.” She said, opening her door. “No problem.” 
“You know how to fix it? You have an extra battery?” These questions slipped out of my mouth fast so fast I was too anxious to wait for an answer.
“Well…our only option is to wait for another car.” I got out of the car to follow her. She unlocked the trunk which I see now is messy. I don’t even see my stuff. 
Shannon pushed herself deep inside it, muffling something. She sounded excited.
“What?” I shouted at her.
She pulled out a long black cord with a blue and black end at each. “Thank God Travis is not forgetful.” She ran to the front of the car with the cord in hand. She opened up the front, fumbling to plug in the cord. She looked up. “Now we wait.”
I put my hands on my hips. “Yeah.” I said doubtful. “And what are the chances of that happening?”
“Oh, Dottie.” She grabbed my hands from each side, pulling them up. “You need to have some faith.” She squeezed them.
I shook my head, and said darkly, “I guess I don’t have enough faith, where am I?” 
She dropped my hands and turned her head away. Then she opened her mouth and raised her hands in the air saying, “HEY! STOP!” There was no point in drawing that excessive amount of attention to herself. The blue truck pulled over in one quick motion.
The door of the car opened, revealing a dark man with short hair. A tan tee shirt with black jeans covered him. “Having car trouble, ladies?” He called out before coming closer. He crept up to the car, taking one length of the cord to plug into his car. 
After that, he spun to us. “Well, you’re sure responsive.”
“Thank you for coming!” Shannon said, counteracting what he assumed.
“What are your names?” 
“Mine is Shannon, and she’s Dorothy.” Shannon spoke. Someone always tends to speak up for me. That can get on my nerves. 
“I’m Riley.” He said, extending out his hand to Shannon, avoiding me. I probably looked unwelcoming at the moment; my fingers were in my mouth. I bit down slowly on one of my fingernails.
Shannon shook his hand, agreeing to just that. 
Riley filled the void with some small talk. Of course, I was included but I didn’t say much. Shannon did all the talking for me and it was nice. Riley seemed to take an immediate liking to her, but how could he not? Shannon had an incredibly lively personality. 
Shannon tried the car. It came to life. “Yes!” She exclaimed. She thanked Riley a second time, and he hinted that he wanted to exchange phone numbers. And Shannon did, she’s not one to say no. 
After Riley left, Shannon blabbed about how adorable Riley acted around her. Considering that she would call him…possibly.
“Oh, wow.” Shannon said when we stopped at a light. “Eric and Travis called like twenty times.” She laughed.
I wondered what it was but I picked it up. “Right,” I said, “that’s not embarrassing at all.” I put my face in my hands. 
“No,” she said, starting to lighten up the mood. “They need to start practicing for their future wives.” She smiled at the thought, turning her head to me. “Consider that a gift from us.”
Future wives? I’ve never really given any thought about the future. I either mull about the past or regret the present, but the future had to be the scariest place to think about. 
“Dottie, you seem so out of it after you got back from the woods with Eric. What the hell happened in there? Anything to get a certain girlfriend jealous?” She now wore sunglasses; it pushed down against her nose. 
“Well Eric and I were never close… physically.” 
“Ah, he needed to work up a story for his girlfriend,” she suggested. “What did he do?”
“It’s juvenile.”
“And…?”
“He hugged me.” I said.
“Wow, Dottie. That’s so bad.” A sarcastic tone escaped. 
I sighed. “I told you that.” 
We talked just a bit more about Eric then switching to my boyfriend. I really wish the spotlight wasn’t on me all the time, so I asked her some stuff about Carter and Travis. 
“Carter’s dating the most amazing kind-hearted girl you could ever meet! I introduced them,” she boasted. 
“That’s sweet.” I said, not equipped with what I should say. I begin to wonder how my set up with Jeremy was doing.
“No. That’s amazing Dottie! You know Carter used to date stuck-up wannabe scene girls. They all used him because he’s good-looking. You know.” I did know. Carter was the exact cut-out of those fake pictures that most people put up on as a profile picture for MySpace. Emo-looking people are always the ones that get their face stolen. 
“Yup,” I said. 
“His girlfriend’s totally different.” She continued. “Opposites but adorable,” Shannon squealed, just thinking of them appeared to make her happy. 
“He’s really close to his phone.” I recalled.
She quickly answered that. “Gloria had to go to New York to study acting. She wants to be an actress. The sad part is that she might leave to go to New York for college. I know that just kills Carter,” Shannon said bitterly, remembering the bad part of putting them together. “She’s coming back today though, so that’s why we should go eat extremely fast to let Gloria and Carter unite and rekindle their undying love for each other.” She took a deep breath, as if she has been held underwater. 
“That explains it.” I said, feeling relief that Carter wasn’t a textaholic. 
“Carter gets really distracted when someone’s away. I remember when Travis departed to go to Florida for Spring Break with his cousins. Carter always came over my house every night,” she said. Carter seemed like a wonderful friend.
“Yes, we’re here!” We pulled into the crowded parking lot. A neon red sign had the words ‘Toni’s’ planted on it, along with a little a blond-haired man that was a mascot. 
Before Shannon got out of the car I asked her, “How do you trust me? I could have a total outburst in the restaurant?” 
Shannon smiled sweetly, “Because I know how you are.” She went on, “Eric’s a mystery, and I know he won’t do anything. And I know you won’t want to leave. You’re in too deep now, Dottie.” She ended with that, which left me to wonder. But she was right, in a way. She opened the door for me. 
We entered the restaurant and one of the waiters grabbed two menus and said, “Party of two?”
“Actually,” Shannon put her sunglasses on top of her head, “party of six.” The waitress nodded and reached out for four more menus. 
We were seated in this giant booth that made us look awkward because were the only ones there. A fair amount of people crowded the restaurant. We talked on about nothing in particular. I couldn’t keep focus on the conversation, I was too busy worried about my stomach. Shannon noticed my discomfort and offered to call the guys. I just shook my head. 
We spotted the guys through the blinds across from us. Aaron led the pack carrying one of the backpacks. The bag looked like it was about to explode on them. And as soon as they came to the table, he dropped it in front of me.
“Listen,” he said in an annoyed voice. “We went through aisles and aisles of endless feminine products!” He said loudly, causing the middle-aged couple in front of us to turn their head slightly.
“You should have picked something and went through with it.” I said, my voice edging towards anger.
“We don’t know what brand you’re in,” Travis said. “Like we need to make you mad at this time.” He gave me a ticked off look. 
I put my hands around my face, hiding myself from approaching stares. “You’re already getting me mad,” I hissed, “You’re causing a scene.”
“I hope you didn’t get anything on my seat. Because if you did….” He shook his finger at me like he was the teacher and I was the bad student.
“Oh, is that all you care about Travis? Your car is junk anyhow.” Shannon tipped her head at him. She took hold of my hand and grasped one of the straps on the backpack. Before she passed the guys to the bathroom, she said to them, “I want a cappuccino, and Dottie?” She looked at me.
“I’ll have orange juice.” I said. With that, we headed to the bathroom. The task of sorting pads awaited us. 

12. MOTHER

After the breakfast, Shannon intentionally picked on Travis. Or maybe it was on purpose, I wouldn’t know for sure. And I was beginning to see that they really liked each other. But I needed hard evidence.
The only reason I knew is when Shannon flat-out said it; “I am enraged at Travis.” She glared in his direction at the table. He sat too oblivious to care. But when he looked back at her, he gave an expression of question. 
All she did was stare back, her eyes rude.
“Travis… ticked you off?” I assumed, resting my head on the palm of my hand. 
She made a sigh. “What are you talking about? He should be ticking you off!” Confusion overtook my face. “Come on. He ranted on and on about his stupid car.”
Oh. She was right. Travis cared a lot about his car. I didn’t blame him. Okay, maybe I did. But I got over it—kind of. 
So as we left the restaurant, Shannon, Travis, and Carter stayed behind for a bit. 
“You know you never talk a lot.” Aaron said while looking at me. 
“I’m pretty sure Shannon would agree with me about how wrong your sentence fragment is,” I said, to pass the time. 
Eric snickered. “So how’s the car ride with Shannon? What did you guys talk about?” He asked.
“Oh,” I started off, thinking of all the topics of him to avoid, “Girl stuff.” I smiled to him. Carter came out of the restaurant, followed by Travis. 
Travis approached me. “I’m sorry that I’m an inconsiderate selfish bastard.” He said to me with a real apology on his face, but we both know that the words coming from his mouth were from a certain someone else. 
I crossed my arms. Remembering Shannon’s words, I had every right to be angry. “Whatever.”
That didn’t sound real then, did it?” Travis said. “Sounded like Shannon?” He offered. Yes. It sounded exactly how Shannon would go about saying an apology. So I nodded to him and he sighed. “Shannon told me to tell you that, but I knew that you would pick it up.”
“So then that means,” I said slowly, “that you’re not really sorry?” I finished off bitterly.
“How about this,” he said, glancing up at the sky. Searching for words in the air that I didn’t think he would find. “I’m sorry that I’m a stupid asshole.” He went down on his knees, clasping his hands together as if praying to God. “Would you please forgive me?” He begged with his eyes boring into mine.
I stared back at him. Looking away was truly hard for me to do. “Yes,” was all I could manage to say, what else was I suppose to say? “I guess I forgive you.”
He grinned like a child and jumped up to hug me. But he realized what he was doing and stepped back a little. “They say hugging can cure PMS.”
“Yeah,” I said back. Standing from the side I could see Aaron roll his eyes.
“OKAY! I DID IT!” Travis shouted to the direction of where Shannon and Carter were talking. I quietly fell back to Eric. And then we went back into the cars, from which we came.

I sat back in the closet, except this time the door wasn’t shut. Eric had trusted me enough to not escape. And now there are high hopes for my rash to get better. Aaron dumped himself onto Eric’s bed, while Eric sat by his desk. 
“This is a very interesting situation,” Aaron said, a bit delayed. Hasn’t the shock of finding out his cousin is a kidnapper already come and gone? 
“What is?” Eric asked is a smooth tone. 
Aaron smiled in a diabolical way. “Like you don’t already know?” He said. So this wasn’t about my recent kidnapping?
Eric glared at Aaron, leaving me in a daze. “Why don’t you stop talking?” He said. 
“Okay, okay.” Aaron said, leaning his back against the bed. He raised his arms in the air for a quick stretch. “What the hell are we suppose to do now?” 
Eric opened his laptop and it gave a buzzing sound to indicate that is had powered on. He clicked his way in and said without looking up, “I know what you can do. You can go back to your dorm.” 
Aaron grumbled something impolite to Eric. He went quiet for a moment, before shouting his idea. “I know! We can play some video games!” 
Eric rolled his eyes. “I haven’t touched any of my video games since two years ago.” Aaron grimaced at Eric’s tone realizing what he meant. Eric hasn’t played since his friends have all gone away. Though the sympathy didn’t last too long because Aaron got up and walk to Eric, slamming shut his computer.
“Well then, let’s change that.”

We settled down in the living room, a bowl of Doritos and soda cans on the coffee table.
Eric cautiously handed me a controller. I looked at him. “Aren’t you going to play?”
“I think you’ve been the most bored.” He leaned near my ear and whispered, “Aaron has trouble with his left hand in games. Use that as an advantage.” I sighed slightly. Eric and I were never that close, but little by little he’s changing that.
“So are you ready to get your ass kicked, Dorothy?”Aaron asked curtly. 
“Oh?” I said through my teeth. “I think you will be the one that is getting the ass kicked.” Eric switched on the game for us. 
Aaron kept bragging on about how awesome he played this old school game. I began getting annoyed. Eric consecutively gave me signals for me to use his weakness, but I shook my head. I wasn’t ready for that yet. I’m saving that for last. 
Eric continually brought us snacks and drinks for us to eat. I barely touched that (Aaron and Eric were the ones that devoured that mess), aside from the drinks. So finally Eric brought a fruit cup, smiling as he handed it to me. “I know you wanted something fruity.”
“Health nerd,” Aaron muttered as he pushed hard on one of the buttons. I pushed another one, kicking his character in the back.
I ignored Aaron and took the fruit, “Thanks,” I said.
We played for an hour and a half and then headlights of a car pulled into the driveway. “Uh.” Eric stood up abruptly, but neither of us noticed the anxiety that he emitted. “You have to—”
I was too deep in the game to pay attention to Eric. I was so close to killing Aaron, I could taste the victory on my tongue. 
“You guys?” Eric said.
Aaron lashed me from behind. His sword was totally diffusing its presence to me, but I kicked Aaron’s chest and he fell back. I used the controller to make it so that he would have to use the left controls. Pow, kick, pow again. Finally. 
“YES!” I jumped up on top of the couch, with the controller still in my hands. “I beat you! I BEAT YOU, AARON REED!” I shouted as loud as my voice would let me.
“Dorothy,” Eric hissed, but I still couldn’t hear him. I was busy now, doing a victory dance on top of the couch. It wasn’t until the door slam shut that I came back to my senses. 
A middle-aged women stood in the doorway, her eyebrows pulled down, perplexed. “Eric, you brought a girl home?” She said this as if it’s been the last thought on her mind. Her brown hair cascaded around her face and shoulders. Long and thin, I could tell. Eric and his mom were the same in the nose and mouth, but her eyes glowed light brown. Eric’s were dead gray. 
“Mom….” Eric said, but too lost for words. 
Eric’s mom stared at me for quite some time. I began wondering if she saw me on the news. She took her eyes off of me to yank her brown leather jacket off. “What’s your name, sweetie?” She asked.
“My name is…” I didn’t know what to say. This was my window out. I could tell her everything, and be gone. But I thought about Eric and that shut me down completely. I couldn’t tell her my real name, he trusted me. “Dora.”
“That’s a sweet name. I had an old high school friend named Dora.” She said, musing about her past. “Will you be staying for dinner? I’m going to be making Fettuccine Alfredo.”
“I uh—”
“Yes. She would love to stay for dinner,” he answered. Aaron and Eric cleaned out the living room, picking up the bowls and soda cans all over the floor. I stood there, muddled on what I should do. But Eric’s mother motioned for me to follow her into the kitchen. 
We both went into her the tiny kitchen, and she took out a box of noodles from her cabinet. “Eric’s favorite is Fettuccine,” she said. I nodded, not really sure what to say. I began to nibble at the edge of my lip, but her sweet voice took me by suprise.
“Don’t bit your lip honey,” I looked up to see her eyes on me. I let my lip fall back out of my mouth. “It’s a bad habit.” She poured out the box into the pot filled with boiling water. She pointed to one of the cabinets next to the fridge and I found the sauce she wanted. I handed it to her. “I’m so glad Eric has a girlfriend.”
That stalled me for a second before I came to my senses. Girlfriend didn’t necessarily mean girlfriend, it also means a girl who is a friend. So instead of correcting her, if she was thinking the wrong thing, I decided to go along with it. “Yeah.” I shrugged.
“It’s been so long….” she started but didn’t continue. That made me wonder. It’s been so long for what? Eric having any human contact? Aaron’s with him. Eric with a girl? Shannon, I would say, but not after what she said. Although I still think it would count, Shannon and Eric would have a chance if they would at least give it a shot.
“Aside from Shannon,” she said, as if reading my thoughts. My eyebrows rose, but quickly fell when she continued. “I mean, I love that girl to death. Don’t get me wrong.” I laughed out loud because I suspected what was coming. “She is one tough girl, possibly too tough. But her mother and I are best friends, so I know how she was raised.” A silent smile formed on her lips.
“Yeah. Shannon’s cool.” I said but then realizing I was talking to Eric’s mom, not a teenager. 
“Oh, so you met her?”
“M-hm.” I said, resisting the urge to bit my lip again. This is weird. I never really bit my lip. She pointed to the cabinets.
“Set the table, will you please dear?”

“So mom was all like, ‘You better make sure you never do that stuff again.’ And I’m like, ‘Please do me a favor and leave.’” Aaron finished off his story with a good hardy laugh. Eric rolled his eyes, while his mom just sat there, with a slight smile.
“You mother just worries about your well-being.” She defended.
“I’m nineteen. I deserve some breather space. So I thank you greatly for letting me stay here for the school break, Aunt Macy.” He said.
“That and your parents being on a cruise and all.” Eric said, disrupting the mood. Aaron glared at Eric. 
“Dora, can you pass the cheese?” Macy said to me, pointing out the cheese in front of my dish. I handed it over to her. “You two need to be nice to each other.” She spoke to them. “We have a guest.”
“Who, Dora?” Aaron smirked at me, probably because of the fake name. He waved a hand to me. “She already knows how we act. Nothing but a lie if we’re nice all of a sudden.” He stuffed a fork full of food in his mouth. 
“Aaron’s the one being a jerk, honestly,” Eric said, eating some food off of his plate. 
“Whatever,” She sighed. I could easily understand. Boys were weird. 
After dinner, I wanted to get up and help put the dishes in the sink, but Macy just shook her head at me. So I stayed put while Eric and Aaron grabbed the plates and condiments. I sat amazed—who knew they both had good table manners. 
Macy took me to the living room again and we sat on the couch to talk. Eventually Eric and Aaron joined us. We pretty much talked about college with Aaron, school with Eric and me, and work with Macy. I quickly found out she was a nurse. Working full hours; that’s why her schedule was so crazy. We talked pretty much for an hour. It felt like nothing, like I wasn’t talking to a parent at all. Macy was so down to earth. 

Eric “walked” me out to my house. He lied to his mom (I don’t know about him, but I cringed a little at the lie), telling her that my house was right down the street. 
The streetlights made glowing pathways down the sidewalk. But the pitch-black sky made it very hard to see anyway. Eric asked if I wanted to go for a walk before going back or not. I wanted a walk. He handed me his black jacket, since I didn’t have one to begin with, and we strolled down the way. 
I had a burning question for him that I needed to ask, “How come your mother seems oblivious to the fact that I’m the missing girl?”
He breathed out slowly—I could see his breath in the freezing cold. “She doesn’t watch the news. Or read the newspaper. Or go on the computer. Or really have anyone telling her these kinds of things.”
“Your mom doesn’t watch the news?” I asked. I could feel my face going into its confusion mode. 
He shook his head. “No. She says it’s too disgusting. There’s nothing besides deaths, bad politics, biased comments, even the disturbing stuff going on in the world. ‘The world sucks, let’s just move along it. Help the poor, ignore the rest.’ That’s the policy that she lives by.” He pointed out his finger for exaggeration. 
Help the poor, ignore the rest? That sounded like something Eric would say himself. So I thought, what if all this was just another lie? That his mother knows everything about me? What if she refuses to exploit her son? Maybe she even put him up to this.
But then again, like mother like son.
“Your mother is interesting.” I noted. Maybe not as interesting as Shannon, though. 
“Yeah,” he agreed. “Dorothy.” He turned to me as he stopped walking. We were near a dark house now, no one could see us. Yet, I don’t know why this was a fine detail to me. It’s not like Eric’s going to do anything to me now, he can’t! He trusted me, I reminded myself. But what if it was something else?
“What is it?” I said, the hint of my voice wanting to know. 
He looked away. “You were really great with my mom, you know,” he said, but I could tell he wanted to say something else. “I think she really likes you.”
“She really likes me,” I said back, pulling my arms around myself, the coldness getting to me now. “Well that’s nice I guess.” 
He sighed, knowing that I was getting frustrated. “That’s not what I wanted to say.”
I started walking ahead of him now. “Well yeah,” I said, in this preppy-know-it-all tone. “But I don’t think I really care anymore.” 
“Wait,” Eric wasn’t too far behind. I hate how he can catch up quickly. “You don’t understand—”
“No Eric,” I interrupted while turning around, “I do understand. I understand that you stole me. That you seem to be all mysterious and crap.” I tried not to look at him now. He towered me a bit and if I stared into his eyes, it would make me contradict myself. “I’m tired of it. Can you just stop and explain yourself?”
“Dorothy…” he said, “It’s not that easy.” He gazed down at me. “I don’t even get it myself.”
“What did it then? If you say you don’t understand? Give me a reason why I shouldn’t run right now?” 
He put his arms around me, holding me close to his warm body. I was extremely comforted by this. “You’re cold.” He said next to my ear.
An obvious excuse, we turned around, walking back to his house. He still kept his arm limp around my shoulder. Suddenly something buzzed in Eric’s pocket. He took out his cell phone, answering it.
His conversation was short and ridged, as I waited impatiently for him to end it. “Okay, bye.” He shut his phone in haste and I jumped. He dragged me now, at the wrist. Always by my wrist.
“What’s wrong,” I asked, but he didn’t respond. He continued to lead until we reached his house again. The white car clicked as it unlocked when we approached to it. He pushed me to the passengers’ side and went to the drivers’ side. I had to ask again, slapping his hand on the wheel, “Hey! Listen to me!”
“Shannon’s brother had a seizure.” Eric said, darkly. He steered the wheel with his right hand, dialing a phone number in his left. “We have to go to the hospital now.”
“Who are you calling?” I asked, suddenly.
“My mom,” he said, while smirking. “I have to tell her I stole her car before she has a heart attack.” He talked to her on the phone for a brief minute then hung up. We rode the car in silence. I knew I couldn’t really say much, I didn’t even know Shannon’s brother. But I did feel terrible, as one would when something happens to a person you barely know.
We drove up to the hospital, quickly retreating from the car to the front desk of the emergency room. Eric spoke to the woman behind the desk, “Where is the room that Rob Vermont is in?”
“Are you family?” she said, her eyes gliding towards me. What were we suppose to say? Obviously we look nothing alike. Someone had to stay behind.
“Yes! Of course they’re family!” Shannon said with her voice unsteady. We turned to look at her, only to find bulgy red teary eyes. She hugged Eric, then me, thankful that we came.
“What happened?” Eric asked Shannon as she walked us towards the elevator.
She shook her head gravely. “Rob has been having a lot of problems ever since he came home,” she said. “War has never done any good for him. I always hated that.” 
“And your parents?” I asked, wishing I bit my tongue instead. That wasn’t the best question.
“My parents went for the week. Business trip. I called them two hours ago to let them know.”
The elevator doors opened and we walked inside a hallway that looked about the same as the waiting room. Shannon practically sprinted to her brother’s room as we tailed along.
When we went inside, Carter and Travis stood there waiting for Shannon’s return. She hugged Carter and Travis. I couldn’t see anyone. The sea green curtain covered her brother lying on the bed. Eric and I traveled around it, and I couldn’t believe my eyes. 

13. WHY

“Bobby?” I exclaimed. He laid in the hospital bed with some tubes hooked up to him. Blue blanket was covering his body as his mouth formed a tight line.
He opened his eyes a bit, but they suddenly grew wide when they landed on me. “Dottie?” His voice gave away the astonishment he was in. “What the hell are you doing here?” But he smiled, knowing it had to be a joke. He’s never mean to anyone. 
“I…uh….” I couldn’t finish the sentence since I didn’t have a valid answer. I was still looking for that as well.
“You two know each other?” Shannon asked, surprised too. 
“Yeah,” Bobby said, enthusiastically, “She’s the one that got away.” And everyone’s jaws dropped open while he shook his head and changed the sentence. “We went to summer camp together. Remember Shannon? You were being antisocial that summer, so I went alone.” 
Shannon stared blankly for a minute before agreeing, “Yes. I remember that.” 
“I didn’t know you were talking about the same Dottie,” he said, shifting his weight to one side of the bed. “It’s a small world.” 
“How old were you guys?” Travis asked, teasing.
“I was going to turn seventeen that August. So that would make you about…thirteen?” He looked up at me and I nodded. “Yep,” he then added lightly, “So underdeveloped.” His eyes trailed my body for one second. “Well…now different.”
I glared at him and then blushed when Aaron barked out a loud laugh. One of the nurses walked warily next to the door and then passed it. 
“Don’t worry. It’s a compliment.” He said, smiling at me. I couldn’t help smiling back—Bobby was good at that sort of thing. His light-brown hair went over his eyes for a minute before he blew them out of his face. Shannon and Bobby looked so similar that I wondered why I didn’t catch on that before. Except Bobby had hazel eyes and Shannon’s were pure brown. 
“You were the one that bothered me. Don’t twist it the other way around.” I said to him, wagging my finger. 
“You keep at that story, but how many people will honestly believe that.” He said back. That was true. No one would believe the young girl with a dream, only seeing through the fact that I was twelve and he had to be eighteen. But he did follow me around. With he’s friend, he would always sit around my friends and me. Even said that he would love to see me again. That was until he found out how old I really was. 
“I forgot—I hate you.” The memory came back hazy, but he did break my heart even though we did absolutely nothing. 
“Aw, don’t be like that Dottie! The age difference is so big—was big. And now you’re a woman, I presume? My sister’s seventeen.” He smirked, sitting up now.
“Don’t hit on her!” Shannon yelled. “She’s taken!” I pondered on what she met. She knew about Kade, but her eyes lingered towards Eric. She snapped back before anyone noticed, but it was too late anyway; I did.
“Can you guys leave me and Dottie alone?” He said sweetly. “I have a lot to share with you, if you don’t mind.” All the guys headed out, and Shannon moved along. Before she left, she whispered in my ear, “Don’t let him try anything on you.”
“I’m not going to try anything on her.” Bobby said, annoyed.
“I’m just warning her!” But she left as soon as she spoke those words. 
“Why don’t you sit down on my bed,” He patted on the blue blanket. I walked over to him, politely sitting down like he asked. But all the nice façade was gone when he hissed quietly, “Dottie, what the hell are you doing here?”
Crap. What am I suppose to say, ‘Oh…I just got abducted is all. Nothing to worry about.’ Tons to worry about—too much to worry about. So I shrugged, it always seemed like a good enough answer to me. 
“Don’t give me that. I’ve seen the posters. I’ve seen the news. You are apparently missing, but it doesn’t look at all like that.” He said. “Give me an explanation.”
I stood up and stomped my foot, which is something I never normally do. But I had a reason now—he was pissing me off. “I’m looking for the explanation too!”
His eyes bulged out, waving his hands around in defense, “Okay. Don’t get all crazy-girl on me. I already get that enough with Shannon.” His eyes shifted to the ground, thinking. He placed his hand on his chin, using his other hand to motion me to sit. “I know its Eric. It has to be.” He looked into my eyes. 
I nodded in agreement. Okay, so he got that much. 
“He kidnapped you?” Yes. “And you’re around all these people…without a hold.” Yes. “What is wrong with you?”
“I don’t get it myself. I know what I should do but I can’t.” I said, truthfully. Bobby nodded, understanding. Thank God too, like I needed someone against me. 
“Eric is disturbing. Always has been,” he said. “But he’s like a brother to me. I don’t think I can do anything for you.” He held one of my hands with both of his clammy ones. “I can read your face. You obviously will never say a word. Do you like him?” 
Nobody ever really asked that. I can’t say that I haven’t given it much thought. Eric was different, that much was true. But if I wasn’t for the situation I was in now, I probably would have broken up with Kade eventually and hang out with Eric. Maybe even date him…but that would go horribly wrong. 
“Dottie, Eric won’t do anything.” He reassured me.
I felt my eyebrows rise. “So you’re just going to lay here and…let me continue being missing?”
He leaned his head back on the pillow, putting his hands behind his head. “Did he give you a reason?”
“No.”
“Then what do you want from me? I’m stuck in a bed right now.” He smirked.
“How about feeling something for me? I can’t contact anyone to tell them I’m fine. Eric won’t let me do it! Come on. This is crazy. You said it yourself! I can’t continue on like this if he hasn’t given me a reason to stay.”
“Dottie, let me ask you something,” He arched, leaning towards my face, “Does he feed you?”
“Yes.”
“Do you get to take showers?”
“Yes.”
“Any death threats?”
I thought for a second. “Not any that I know of.”
“Then you have nothing to worry about.” He said, “You’re in the best hands, even if it is your kidnapper’s.” 
I wasn’t satisfied. “That’s it?”
“Fine. You can march out to the front, maybe even yell some, and tell everyone that you’re Dorothy Fane. But you chose not to. Why?” He eyed me, suspicious. 
I let my hair fall in front of my face, too afraid for him to see my burned cheeks. Shannon and Eric stepped in, saving me, and told us the nurse was kicking us out now. Bobby gave me a tight hug and hopes to see me again. Shannon said that she’s going to leave soon, so it’s better that we go now.
“See you guys later.” She waved off. 

After we drove back to Eric’s house, the lights were off so he snuck me through the front door instead of the window. He pushed me onto the bed as soon as we went inside his room. 
“I did tell you that you could sleep on my bed,” he said. “So go ahead.” He settled in the closet, grabbing the blankets around him. 
I smiled lightly, falling onto his bed and wrapping the blankets around my cold body. The slumber was warm and peaceful, and I just loved the scent around me, familiar to me now. 
I heard a slight scratching of a pen though. But that didn’t stop me from snoring softly.

I woke up refreshed the next morning, which was a Sunday. I took one glance around the room, and frowned. Eric wasn’t there. I checked the guest room and Aaron wasn’t there either.
So I was left alone in this house, all by myself. No one to stop me. Huh. Options were endless at the moment. But my stomach growled and I somehow wanted to deal with that first. 
I headed my way down to the kitchen, finding a cereal box. I grabbed the milk from the fridge, pouring it over the cereal in the bowl. Then I went to the living room to turn on the TV. There was nothing better to do, after all. 
A couple of minutes into the news, the cereal in my bowl disappeared. Today I found out the weather, the news in the government, and some more famous people. But you can never forget the new people that died…or missing. Oh, the same news again just with different information. 
I sighed and turned the TV off. I washed my bowl in the sink and carefully placed it back where I found it. I didn’t want Macy to see something different. 
And just in the nick of time too. Her car pulled up in the driveway. I retreated back to Eric’s room, while Frankie barked at my sudden movements from the laundry room. I forgot about Frankie, he’s been so quiet. 
The front door opened with a loud conversation flowing through the individuals. They talked about the things that were going on in church. I realized then that they were probably at church this morning. 
Eric opened the door to his room, a smile pulled on his face. “Hello.”
I giggled. “Why are you so happy?”
“Well…you didn’t run away,” he said. “You want some breakfast?”
“I already ate.” I answered quickly. “Wait…what were you going to offer?”
“My mom was making pancakes—”
“Mm. That sounds delicious.” I exclaimed. “Is there any way I could find a reason to come over this morning?” 
He shrugged. “I don’t see why not.”
So he gently helped me out the window, telling me that Aaron will signal when I’ll be ready to come. I only waited just a couple of minutes hiding behind the tree when Aaron opened the window and said, “READY?” Not directly looking at me, but there was someone on the sidewalk running. 
The woman pulled out her earplugs and looked up at Aaron, confused. 
He used up a terrible excuse, “Hey hottie.” He raised his eyebrow in an inferring way. 
The woman scoffed and put back on her earplugs, continuing to run along.
“You are hot.” Aaron said again, she was long gone.
I rolled my eyes at him. I walked over to the front door, knocking in slow strokes. Macy answered. 
“Oh, hello Dora! Welcome back. I was just cooking, but you don’t have to help. Please, come in!” The hair tie held her hair up in a loose ponytail. She looked like a teen again. A blue apron wrapped around her skinny body, while white powder smudged her face, indicating she was working very hard. 
Eric stood behind her, leading me into their dining room. He sat me on the seat next to him. “You may have come a little too soon.” He said.
“Well I would have come later but Aaron was busy getting a girl’s attention. I’m sorry.” I said to him. 
Speaking of the devil, Aaron stepped in. “Well hey Dora! What a surprise! I didn’t know we were having you over again today.” He sure was forcing the words though. And saying them in a loud, exaggerated tone. “What brings you in this neck of the woods?”
I folded my hands politely. “I like pancakes,” I confessed. 
He snickered. “What happened to the health freaky side of life?”
“I have joined you in the dark side.” I said, seriously. But staring at Aaron’s ridiculous I-knew-it face made me burst out laughing. 
Eric laughed softly next to me, his hush tone soothing. 
“Pancakes are ready!” Macy came in with a platter full of round lightly-brown food. Aaron was about to stab his fork into the biggest one, but she said, “Ladies first. You should know how it works by now.” 
I stabbed my fork into the one he wanted, sticking my tongue out at him in the process. He glared. Macy took a medium sized one, while Eric quickly took another big one. And Aaron was last, taking any available. 
Suddenly I felt like a pig—I already had cereal, why am I eating more? But one bit into that soft, mushy piece of fluffy white pancakes and I stood at the gates of heaven. 
“These are amazing!” I said to Macy. I’ve never had a pancake like this before, it tastes absolutely homemade. “How’d you make it?” 
She smiled. “Honey. That’s from the box.” She pointed at the food with her fork. 
“They taste like you made it from scratch.” I said.
“That’s the power of the box!”
“Yes. The box is everything. You want the box.” Aaron said in his booming voice.
“Alright. I think we get that you like the box.” Eric said back.
We resumed eating while Macy filled the air with her conversation. I really like Macy. She’s the type that likes to make things less awkward than they already are.
After breakfast, Macy got a called in for work. She hugged me lightly, telling me I could stay as long as I wanted. Little did she know that I was forced to stay either way. 
Eric offered to wash the dishes, while I followed Aaron to the living room. 
“I saw you.” He said, snickering. 
“What?” I said. He always acted so ridiculous when it come to things nobody understands. 
“You were sleeping in Eric’s bed.” He said in a teasing tone, “So much for that.” He stared off into space.
“He didn’t sleep with me.” I told him.
“I’m not talking about that.” We set ourselves down on the couch. “I’m talking about how real you guys are getting.”
“Real…?” I motioned for more information.
“Don’t play stupid with me, that’s my role.” He smiled. “It’s obvious you guys like each other. But you’re so awkward, like Shannon said.”
“You talk to Shannon?” 
He leaned back on the couch. “Hey, we may hate each other, but we got the same idea. You two need to get in on! Well…that part is mine.”
“Oh, I can tell,” I said without expression but I already felt my face getting hot. Eric and I together was a recipe for disaster. But up in my sleeves, I pulled out an excuse. “I have a boyfriend. Kade, remember?”
“You mean that guy you haven’t seen over three weeks. Oh sure. I guess you’re still going out. Was ‘If I ever get kidnapped we’re still going to be together’ part of the contract of your relationship.” 
I crossed my arms, looking the other way. “You don’t get over a person you’ve been dating for over six months.” I couldn’t believe Aaron. Why is he messing with my mind right now? This is the weirdest situation, and he’s suggesting that I should go out with Eric? Now that’s just silly. 
“Hey.” Eric shuffled in the room quiet as a mouse. 
Aaron rose, passing Eric on his way out the door. “I’m going for a drive.” He shrugged. “Maybe pick up a girl, who knows?” In the corner of my eye, I saw Aaron give a wink at him. What was this? A conspiracy against me? I don’t think I deserve to be kept from another secret. 
Before he left out of the door, he waved at me. “See ya, Dottie!” 
“Can we talk?” Eric said, staring at me.
I glared back. “Gladly,” Maybe he’ll finally tell me his side of the story.
 He led me to his room. And we both stood before each other, neither of us residing to a chair.
“I guess you can understand by now that I’m…strange.” 
“Yeah, I guess.” I said, but harsher than I intended to.
“Dorothy, what I’m about to say may not surprise you one bit.” He noted.
I looked through him. “Shoot.”
“I’m depressed.” He said.
“I know.” That much was obvious.
“I was suicidal.” 
“So that doesn’t mean you are now?” 
Instead of answering me right away, he sat down on the floor in silence. I was already up to aggravation at this point—anything more would be pushing it. 
“No,” he said simply, “I got past that. Something else distracted me.” He looked up into my eyes and this time I didn’t look away. 
“So is that why you kidnapped me? Because you needed to get over your ‘depression?’ That’s not a very good reason.” This time I let my voice grow cold without any need to turn it back to its curious mode. By now I was no longer curious. Just irritated. And only he could fix that by answering clearly. 
“Dorothy.” He was quiet. “You were the distraction.”
“Well duh!” I raised my arms. Realizing what I said, I excused myself. “I didn’t mean that in a conceited way.”
He grinned slightly. “Yeah, I know.” His face shifted, like flash of thought occurred to him. “Hey you want to know where I was this morning?”
I raised my shoulders and let them down, “Sure.”
He got up from the ground, walking towards me, only to stop just a few feet away. “Church.”
“You go to church?” I said. Not that Eric didn’t seem like one of the church-goers. It’s just that I don’t really know much people that do go to church. I wasn’t familiar with really religious people.
“Yeah. I’m a Catholic.”
“So…you’re a Catholic. And you go to church every Sunday,” I said, pointing at him.
“Yeah.” He responded. 
“But you’re suicidal,” I added.
“Not in the technical sense anymore.” He reminded. Oh right. Recovering suicidal. The only way I pieced that information together was his old friends, the suicidal clan. Shannon mentioned it, maybe he was led there, all others chanting about how awesome it would be. That only left him regretful. 
“Eric,” I started slowly, looking down at my feet. I think I figured out the whole reason, but he lost the reason altogether. He could let me go, but he didn’t want to. And that’s why we’re both here. “Why?” I asked again, for the final time. If he wouldn’t answer, I would give up on caring.
“Because you were better.” He said.
I glanced up, astonished. “I was better?” Better at what?
He took a small pause before he said, “Better than the rest.” His eyes lingering towards mine. I should look away but I couldn’t. Deep gray eyes, hypnotizing and deceiving, he was only telling the truth. The very truth that got me here. “You know more than you led on.” He drew closer.
I only gawked back. “And you kidnapped me.” It wasn’t a question. He nodded gravely, a frown set on his lips. I still tried to fit the pieces of the puzzle. Eric just gave me enough to get by. He never exactly handed me the big picture. What was I forming, what was I making?
“I’m sorry I did this. Really.” He spoke quietly. “I’m sorry,” he repeated in a whisper. He peered down, holding me now in his arms. My face fell to his chest and I looked down at my feet again. Boy, do I really need new shoes. I think I had these for two years now. 
Eric didn’t let me settle for too long, pulling me away, staring into my tired eyes. “Dorothy,” he said, while leaning his head down. 
I didn’t know what to do. I was frozen in place, willing him to do whatever with me. I knew myself, though. This is what I wanted; right here, right now. But looking back, I wanted this since the first time I talked to him in English. I was just ignoring that side of myself. I reminded myself that I loved Kade, even when I really didn’t. Kade stood as a boyfriend, something that I needed to be safe. No one could touch me because of that. 
But anyone could. I wasn’t living in a little bubble—Kade sure as hell wasn’t helping. And it took me a while to realize that.
All I could do was close my eyes. To stand by and let this happen. Let him do what we both wanted to do. 
His soft lips slowly brushed against mine, his arms wrapping around my waist.
The kiss was amazing. Shannon was right—Eric kissed like he studied the art of it. And I kissed him back. Days of waiting for this, and all that tension built up (Aaron teasin, Shannon pushing). We released it both through the motion of our mouths. 
Eric shifted his lips into a different expression. It felt like a grin. Wait—he was happy? But so was I, in this strange, weird mess we created.
But Eric pulled his mouth away now, leaving me in a serious state of shock. We glanced away from each other immediately.
14. GAME OF LIFE

As if saved by the bell, a rapid knock outside Eric’s window snapped us back into reality. Eric opened the blinds and we were both surprised to see Shannon staring at us.
“Let me in,” she mouthed.
“But why—”
“Just let me in!” She hit the window. Eric pulled the window up wide, making room for her to jump in. “Okay, so Bobby is fine. He’s coming back home tomorrow.”
“That’s great, but why—”
She put her finger up to his lips. “And Travis is totally acting idiotic at the moment. He’s IMing a random girl he met in chat rooms like there’s no tomorrow. Apparently she lives in Alaska.” She smiled, pleased. “Oh, and Carter is hanging out with Gloria ALL day. So I’d much rather leave them and let them have their privacy.” 
“Is there a reason why you used the window instead of letting yourself in through my front door?”
“Well, I wanted to know why Carter uses the window. I have to say, it’s exciting!”
“Okay.” He said. “So what do you want to do?” He turned to me, almost about to run into me, but halted abruptly. “Sorry,” he muttered. He walked around me, making absolutely sure not to touch me. 
Shannon raised her eyebrows slightly. “Did I come in at a bad time?” 
I shook my head and we both followed Eric down to the living room. He clicked a button to get the TV on, sitting down at the edge of the couch. I sat down on the other edge, tossing my hair aside over my shoulder. Shannon still kept her eyebrows raised in suspicion, as she sat down. 
Her phone buzzed in her hand. She flipped it open, texting furiously. 
“Be gentle to your phone.” I said, noting how hard she was punching the buttons.
She smirked, “It doesn’t deserve much kindness, to be honest.” She continued on, “And I saw Aaron sitting in his car down the street, yelling to a girl. What’s up with that?”
“Aaron left because he wanted to.” Eric said, not taking his eyes off the screen. 
“Well, he’s coming back.” She said, playing with her phone as she opened and closed it. “I met him.”
“You know why he ran off?”
“Oh, I know exactly why he ran off.” She smiled to share her secrets. “For the same reason I came here.” 
This time, Eric and I gave her the raise of our eyebrows. She extended her arms around us. “Oh joy! Let’s play a game.” She stood up and skipped along to the closet next to the front door. “What do you have, Eric?”
“The usual,” he said. “It’s all the same.” 
She opened the closet door in such a big commotion. She balanced herself on the balls of her feet, trying to grow as tall as she can so she can view the various board games. “Okay, so you got…” She pulled on the string hanging from the ceiling to turn on the light, “Monopoly.”
“That game is stupid.” Eric said.
“It’s the best game in the world,” I disagreed.
“Clue?”
“Trials are nice.” Eric noted.
“Finding out who killed John Boddy, lame.” I barked back. Shannon gave a questioning glance in our direction.
“Alright. The next game I say, we’re going to play.” She paused, gazing her eyes over something particular. “Life.”
Eric and I both sighed. At least something we agreed on. 
“Did I hear Life?” Aaron walked in with his phone in his hand. That’s funny. I didn’t even hear his car. 
“Yes, we’re playing life. Would you care to join us, Mr. Reed?”
“Don’t mind if I do, Vermont.” He said politely. Okay, something was going on. I didn’t like that.

Aaron helped Shannon set up the game in the dining room while we sat in the living room, getting the money and cards ready. Eric didn’t look at me once, so I decided I should ignore him as well. I didn’t get him. Ten minutes ago we were kissing and now he just seems to hate me. 
Shannon appointed me as the ‘co-banker’, which meant that I also had control over the money. 
“Okay, someone spin?” Her eyes widened at me. “Dottie?”
I stared at her for a second before I caught that she meant me. “Oh.” I spun the wheel, and it landed on an eight.
She spun it next, and it landed on five. Eric was a seven.
Aaron was next, but he decided to talk down to me before trying the wheel. “I’m going to spin so much higher than you, Fane.” He made an exaggerated grunting sound, defending his manhood, even if it was just about some lousy wheel. 
“Just go Aaron.” Shannon put head on the palm of her hand. 
He spun the wheel and it landed on eight. 
“Whoa! We have a tie!” Shannon exclaimed. “This never happened before. What should we do in situations like this?” She was practically bouncing up and down on her chair.  
“Well there are a lot of options Shannon,” Eric said, less excited. “Birthday’s, ladies first, spin again.” He shrugged.
“Let’s go with spinning again!” Shannon said. 
I spun as well did Aaron. This time he landed on a nine, while I got on a six.
Aaron sprung out of his chair. “YES! Ha! IN YOUR FACE!” Somehow this scene looked vaguely familiar, just the opposite roles.
“Aw, Dottie. I had a lot of faith in you.” Shannon patted my back. “You and I will smear the boys though. The future looks good for us.”
“Are we talking about the actual life here? What’s the deal?”
“The actual life can look good for us too, if we work in the right path.” She pushed her yellow car to the college side, “Anyone else considering going for college?” 
“I’ll go.” I said, while she placed my blue car behind the start. 
“Me too.” Eric said, handing her his green car. 
“Wow. You guys are geeks. I’ll just go ahead and start my career. Watch me win.” He smirked slyly. 
“Oh, I definitely will be watching.” Shannon said, putting his red car down the career spot. She picked up a bunch of cards in the box, sorting them all out. When they were sorted she took one of the three piles, fanning them out. “Okay, pick a career Mr. I-can-do-better-without-college.” Ironic that he’s actually going to college in real life.
He picked out a card in the middle. He placed it on the table. “Entertainer.” He muttered. The hint of defeat sounded strong in his voice.
Eric busted out laughing. “That’s like the worst job in the pick!” He slapped the table hard. I laughed along because of Eric.
“Hey. Shut up!” Aaron said.
“You have to pick your pay now.” She grabbed the other stake of cards, fanning them out as well. Aaron (this time) picked one in the edge.
“20,000 dollars.” Shannon said, passing him the card. “Hey, you only have to pay 5,000 for taxes.”
“No.” He grumbled. 
“Haha!” Eric laughed harder this time. “That’s like the worst pay you can get!” He was actually getting teary, holding his hand in front of his mouth, trying to contain the laughter. We could all hear it though. 
“Wow,” Aaron said sarcastically. “It’s not that funny.”
“Yes it is,” Eric sneered.
Aaron shook his head and spun the spinner again. This time it landed on a four. He moved his spot to the fourth place, having to pay for a car accident.
Shannon held out her hand, “You got to pay.” 
“No way,” he exclaimed, “I didn’t even pass my payday yet. How am I supposed to pay?”
I thought up something. “We can confiscate your car, if you are not able to pay.”
He flung his arms around. “Then how the hell am I going to move?”
“You simply lose your turn,” Shannon stated. I nodded in agreement with her. 
“You two are being ridiculous.” His eyes narrowed. “It’s just a game.”
“Oh, but Aaron, who’s the one complaining?” He fell silent, slumping down on his seat. “Yeah. Think about that. Dottie, go ahead.”
I landed on an eight again. Going ahead on the spots, I drove through my college life, having to stop on the ‘start your career’ spot. 
“Alright Dottie, let’s get you a career.” She grabbed the cards. I picked one to the right. She revealed it. “Oh. You’re a teacher.” She showed it to me. “Nice pick! Now for your pay.” I chose the card that said 50,000 dollars. 
Eric spun next, moving to the spaces, having to pay for college books and all that glory. Shannon spun after him, and the game quickly moved along.

After five minutes, everyone had a job and pay, with a bit of argument.
“You knew that card said Doctor! So don’t lie to me!” Aaron yelled at Shannon. 
“Wow. It was random. Wasn’t it Dottie?” She turned to me, the doctor card showing in her hand. 
I shrugged. “I don’t think Shannon would purposely pick that card. But she did go to college. Don’t you think she deserves that?” 
He brushed over my say, and looked at Eric. “Eric?”
“Can’t we just keep playing?” 
Shannon nodded. “Yes. That I agree with.” She grabbed her cards and moved out of the way for me to spin. 
After Eric, Aaron, and I went and got married, Shannon was next. She paused at the marriage stop. “I cannot abide marrying somebody. So I will pass this next turn—”
“Now wait just a minute.” Aaron stuck out his finger for his grand interruption.
Shannon let out a low sigh. “What is it now, Reed?”
“You can’t just not marry someone. You have to stop and marry. It says on the board that you stop and marry. Not stop and choose to marry or not.”
“Well, what if in real life, I don’t want to marry. How about that?” She asked, towards Aaron over the table.
He leaned away from her. ”You’re really creepy.” He said, folding his arms.
“And you’re an imbecile.” She continued to move her car three more spots. After moving, she stretched out her arms and said, “Hey Eric. Got anything to eat? I’m starving!”
“We have leftover lasagna.”
She made a face. “I don’t eat lasagna during lunch time. That’s only for dinner. Duh!” She rolled her eyes as if it was written down law.
“Yeah,” Eric said, not sounding interested. “I thought you would say that. So instead I think you’d appreciate cereal?”
She jumped up, running to the kitchen. “Okay, you have Rice Krispies.” She then stuck her head out of the kitchen. “Do you happen to have a banana on you?”
He stared blankly for a minute before answering. “In the refrigerator, I think.” 
I was taken aback. “Wait a minute, you have a banana? Where the hell was it when I wanted one?” 
He looked at me for the first time. “I thought you didn’t like bananas.”
I gawked at him. “When did I ever say that I didn’t like bananas?”
“I told him that you didn’t.” Aaron butted in. I was about to ask him the same question, but he continued. “I could sense that you did not enjoy bananas. It was in the air, Dottie. I’m sure you understand. There was just something about you screaming out to me: ‘Apples yes. Bananas no’.” He finished with the lame attempt of copying my voice. 
Aaron made a quick glance towards the kitchen, and then held up his hand like a gun to my head. He whispered, “Make a sound, I will shoot.”
“Dude, that’s really stu—” But Aaron cut Eric off.
“Shut up, you too!” He went back and forth with his one hand, taking some money from the bank next to me with his other hand. I couldn’t believe it; I was getting robbed at a ‘pretend’ banker. Tells me a lot about what I’m not going to choose as my job profession for life.
After what seemed like a good 30 seconds, Aaron put down his hand. Eric and I just shut up.
Shannon came back holding a bowl in one hand and a banana in the other. She sat down, “I brought you a banana, Dottie.” She smiled, then turned to Aaron and frowned. “Okay, put the damn money back.”
His jaw dropped. “How did you find out?” He said, utterly shocked at her intelligence.
“Because Eric gave me the Aaron-did-something-insane look.” She motioned at Eric, and I saw that his eyes just focused on Aaron in awe. “And your whispers are so very loud. I don’t think you even try.” She took a spoon full of the cereal. “Oh goodness. You know what I found out? That these are actually made of real rice! That’s like so weird.”
Aaron put back the fake pink money. “You didn’t know that. Wow Shannon. It even says it on the box.” He chuckled, “Hey, who’s the stupid one now?”
Shannon made a fake exaggerated laugh, “Ha ha.” Then she went serious. “Still you.”
I peeled open my banana, taking a small bit out of it. Aaron laughed, but to humor myself, I decided to question his sudden amusement. “Yeah?” 
But all he did was point at me and laugh. Like a bully doing anything possible to make fun of the weak one, so helpless and alone. To make everyone turn and wonder why he’s laughing anyway? What did I do? Well, I ate a banana.
“Aaron.” Shannon whined. “You’re a freaking college guy. And you can’t even handle a girl eating a banana? That’s sad.” 
“The way she eats it—”
“I eat it like a normal person would, Aaron.” I grumbled, biting another piece. “You just have a dirty mind.”
“Exactly,” Shannon said. “You thoughts are so disgusting. You never see Eric commenting.”
“That’s because Eric’s quietly thinking it.” Aaron said. “You don’t know what goes on when the girls not present.”
And finally, after like two hours of playing, we completed the game and counted our money. Shannon gave each of us a sheet of paper from a notepad she found in the box. We all announced our earnings, Shannon being the highest and winning. Eric came in second, him being an accountant and all. And I came in third with Aaron finishing last.
“Yeah. I won at life!” She said. 
Aaron threw his money to the ground in a fit. “Well, you were a doctor! What the hell did you expect?”
“Hey! You were an entertainer. A lot of people in entertainment make a ton of money!”
“I guess nobody wanted what you were selling, so….” Eric said in a low voice to Aaron. I laughed softly. 
Aaron crossed his arms and looked away. Shannon threw her money up in the air, as if to rub it in Aaron’s face.

Eric left the house to get some groceries. His mother called in, asking him to get neccessary ingredients for the dinner she planned tonight. Eric kept me in the warm hands of Shannon and Aaron, who were heated up in loose arguments in the dining room.
So I ignored them and lay down on the couch to take a nap. I use to take naps after I got home from school. At least until Emily came under my authority. Then they were so rare, but still there, waiting for me. 
As I tried falling asleep, I could hear Shannon and Aaron enter in the room. 
Shannon whispered loudly. “Shh! She’s asleep.” 
Aaron sounded as if he couldn’t comprehend why Shannon said that. “No one was saying anything.” 
I kept my eyes closed. I hoped that they would finally keep quiet now. 
“So what are we going to do about them?” She asked him quietly. “They’re so hopeless. I swear they’re both dense.” She groaned, like this was an extreme problem even she couldn’t handle. 
“They already kissed, didn’t they? At least that’s what you told me.” He mused. “How did you know anyhow?”
“Eh,” she said, probably with a shrug of her shoulders. “Eric didn’t see me, and I didn’t want to interrupt. They were really close.” 
“You spied on them?” 
“I looked away,” Shannon said in defensive. “When they stopped I knocked on the window.”
“What is wrong with him? He’s so stupid. He has a girl locked up in his room and everything.”
“Oh yeah. He’s going to go around and try to do things,” she said disgusted. “Eric’s not like that. He may do weird things, but he doesn’t abuse people.” She took a moment before adding, “He’s scared. I’ve known him my whole life to know that.” Her voice was wary. She realized she was talking to Aaron, “I at least talked to him.”
“What? I talk to him loads of times.” He said.
“Sure. But I at least talk about treating a girl right. You just tell him about your wild adventures with college girls. Like he really needs to know all that BS,” she said bitterly. “Eric is kind of like Carter in a way. He needs a steady girlfriend. Someone who looks past all the…flaws.”
“If I was Dottie, I don’t think I could look past something as big as this.” Aaron said.
Shannon’s tone was unsteady. “I think Eric saw something in her.” She considered. “I think he only did that because he knew it would have ended badly either way. Dottie has a boyfriend, after all.”
“So Eric kidnapped Dottie…?” 
“Because he loves her, as crazy as it sounds.” She said. 
“Wouldn’t it be a slight bit easier to just hang out with her?”
I could feel her glaring at him as if he didn’t get it. “Again, you don’t know Eric like I do. He’s messed up inside. What’s weird to you and I may not sound half as insane as it is to Eric.”
“So technically, you’re calling my cousin a serial killer.”
“He’s not a killer—”
“Well he might grow up to be one if he keeps this shit up.” He said, anger rising in his voice. 
“God Aaron.” She paused and mumbled something I couldn’t make out. “You weren’t there when his friends died around him. He was hanging in the wrong crowd. He was practically suicidal—on the edge of dying. I couldn’t help him and I hated that! He wouldn’t trust me anymore…” She grew quiet. “He still doesn’t.”
“But he wouldn’t just kidnap her because he liked her.”
Shannon agreed. “You are right, but I only think that’s half the reason.” She struggled to find the words. “A cry for help, maybe. Eric hated Kade Mann,” She leaned back on the couch—I heard a squeak. “He’s the bastard that wouldn’t let it go.”
I bit my lip before I was going to rush open my eyes and say something. That wasn’t very nice and I wasn’t going to let her think that Kade ruined Eric’s life. Eric is much as wrong as Kade is right now and she was just being biased.
“You really want Eric to be with Dottie?” Aaron said. 
“Yes.” Then added with a sly remark, “Don’t you?”
Aaron didn’t exactly reply back to Shannon, but he probably did a move to signify he doesn’t care much. She was not one to be left hanging without an answer. And they moved on to a new topic. One that wasn’t very interesting for me to keep listening to. 
So I fell asleep.

15. DREAM

The dream was weird.
I’m pretty sure I was back at school—except everything I saw was in a vague tint of blue. I didn’t think much of that, as it normally is in dreams. Janaki walked by me while waving her hand to signal she wanted me to follow. We were like the only kids at the school. It seemed so deserted. 
That was until we went inside the school. A huge banana greeted us at the door. But instead of acting surprised, I thought nothing of it. I just followed Janaki through the dark shadowy hallways seemed to never end. 
Through the walk, I noticed posters that covered the walls and lockers. I stopped at one for a quick second, before Janaki whisked me away. ‘Have you seen me?’ It read with a tiny picture of someone missing from our school. Except this person was long dead, one of the missing from the tenth grade two years ago. My mind buzzed with confusion at this sighting of a poster. 
I didn’t know where she was dragging me too, although I did sense that wherever it was, I would feel uncomfortable. We passed a classroom with the door opened wide, revealing Shannon. She sat on a large, wooden chair, something clenched in her hand. She looked like a zombie—dead to the world, but still there. 
I wanted to stop and go to her but Janaki grabbed my arm and yanked me. It felt like she didn’t want to let me go, she wanted me to keep going with her. 
The next thing I know is when we were inside a cold, dark room. I couldn’t see anything until she flipped the switch, a red light instead of your normal florescent. Sitting on the floor was Eric, cradling himself like that was the only thing left that mattered now. But then he gazed up at me, his face blank. 
I kneeled down on the floor, not taking my eyes off of him. He grabbed one of my hands, looking down at it. He held if for a long time—not daring to let it go. He mumbled something incoherent and brought my hand up to his lips. 
But it all happened so fast: Janaki screaming, someone with a black glove putting a hand around my mouth, and Eric still holding my hand, hard. I begged for him to let go, but he wouldn’t. He was going to decapitate me if he didn’t, for someone else tried to take me away.
Finally Eric let me go. His hand grew limp, and I turned around furiously, quickly finding out that the banana greeting was taking me away. I shook my head, unbelieving that I was about to be abducted by a humongous banana before I heard a mournful cry. 
The cry belonged to Shannon; she was hugging Eric as they both swayed. I didn’t comprehend why she cried, until I looked at Eric’s stomach. Dark red covered the upper left part of his chest. There was now a knife in the same hand that I just held seconds ago.
My jaw dropped. What was happening? Why?
Janaki screamed again, I grimaced at her. She had her hand outstretched to me, like something awful was about to happen where I stood. And she was right. In a moment, an object impacted me greatly….
I sat up, my eyes struck wide. I looked around the room, find Eric. He was sitting on the chair from his computer desk. He looked at me too.
“You were moving a lot in your sleep,” he said. “Nightmare?”
“Something like that,” I said while pulling the covers off. Then I asked him, “What am I doing in your room?”
“Aaron moved you up here because my mom came home earlier than I expected,” he said. “She barely caught you.”
I nodded solemnly. “Eric,” I said, twisting a hair tie on my right wrist. I put it there this morning in case I could no longer stand the way my hair falls in front of my face. “We have to talk.”
“Yeah.” He agreed. “I thought you would say that.” He went to the bed and sat down next to me. “Listen,” he said, looking at the ceiling, “I’m sorry I kissed you. I know you have a boyfriend and all, and that wasn’t right—”
“Shut up!” I groaned, falling on the bed. I moaned through one of him pillows, kicking my legs. He probably thought I was acting so childish, but that was the last thing on my mind right now. Eric was getting so annoying with his feelings. I took the pillow away from my mouth and kept my eyes on the ceiling. “You’re such an idiot.”
“What?”
“You’re so worried about a stupid kiss and you seem to look past the fact that I’m in your room against my will? Eric, this is far more important! If you are so sorry about it, why don’t you just—” But I stopped. I thought about what I was going to say, realizing that the next set of words could not be ignored. If Eric did let me go where would that leave me…what about him? Some part of me couldn’t just let that happen, but an even bigger part was screaming to just run. Maybe I wanted to stay now.
“If you want to.” Eric’s voice was gruff, like he didn’t mean what he said. 
I shot him a look. “You are such an asshole, you know that? You’re making me feel bad.”
“You shouldn’t feel bad,” Eric said in a low tone.
“Yeah, you’re damn right I shouldn’t,” I said. “But it really doesn’t matter for me.” I relied on my hands to save me from falling on the bed again. I swayed a tiny bit, pushing against them. “Eric, what do you honestly think of me?” I didn’t know kind of answer I was expecting. What he said surprised me.
“I don’t know what to think.” He said. “You’re really different from a lot of people I know. You’re more…normal.” 
“Well thanks.” I said. Like that’s really what a girl wants to hear. 
“I don’t mean it in a bad way, Dorothy,” he shook his head. “I mean I’ve been around a lot of un-normal people, and it’s nice to be around you for a change. Not that you can’t be weird.” He smiled softly. “I guess what I’m saying is that…I really like you. I think I even might love you.” He said it slowly, unsure of how I would react. 
I was silent for a while. There were millions of emotions running through my brain that couldn’t be dispersed into a single thought. Did he say what I thought he said, because I thought I heard him say love? As in the phrase ‘I love you’. But why did he say that? We barely talk enough as it is. I had a boyfriend, he’s also my captor. He couldn’t say that! It’s against the code of everything!
But I have a boyfriend that I haven’t talked to in a while, I reminded myself. We probably weren’t even considered together. It’s been weeks, Kristen might have welcomed him back with open arms, I thought bitterly.
And I was here with Eric. And I was thinking, Maybe another kiss wouldn’t be so harmful. It’s not like my life even mattered anymore. People probably thought I was gone forever. I might as well make the best of it with a guy who says he loves me. I couldn’t admit to him that I loved him back. It was hard to say that…and yet so easy to let it out in the open.
I don’t think he was expecting much of an answer now. He reached out his hand to run his fingers through my hair. It never occurred to me that we were sitting real close.
“And seriously Dorothy, you’re really very pretty.” He praised. “Beautiful.” He whispered, like a gentlemen trying to court a girl.
“Eric,” I began, “You’re so…strange. You left everything behind, letting no one in. I’m even here and half the time I know you’re not telling me everything that’s wrong. It’s hard keeping secrets, isn’t it?”
“Very hard.” He nodded quickly, his face creeping forward.  I had to force more weight onto my hands just so I wouldn’t bump into his face. My head was up against the wall when Eric murmured something. He lounged on me, saying, “Would it be okay if—”
“You don’t really have to ask.” I said with a smile plastered on my face. Something inside me just broke out—like even in the worst position, my heart wouldn’t care. Eric’s part of my life now and there’s no going back. I wouldn’t even try to go back, getting to know him was a true experience, as weirdly optimistic as that sounded.
He carefully pressed his lips onto my own. His mouth moved against mine in a steady motion, like he was trying not to go so hard on me. But I kissed back fiercely; I didn’t mind it hard at all. I took my hands off of the bed to wrap my arms around his neck. He pushed on me, putting his one hand on my face while the other was still in my hair.
“And that’s enough!” Shannon voice was heard from the doorway. She whipped it open, hitting the wall in the process.
“Hey, watch it,” Eric muttered, turning his head to Shannon as she now stood by the bed. He stayed on top of me so I couldn’t really move much. I met Shannon’s eyes and she was smirking. I blushed.
“Totally digging you guys together but we have a promise to keep Eric, eh? Hope you weren’t planning on going any further.” She crossed her arms around her chest, disproving.
“Wait,” I said, shifting under Eric’s weight. “Were you spying on us?” 
She cocked her head. “I heard the bed squeak.” 
“Shannon,” Eric said, awkwardly getting off of me. “Do us a favor and get out.”
The room fell silent for a brief second. Then Shannon plopped herself on the ground. “Nope.” She said simply. “I’m not going to let you do anything you might regret.”
“I’m not going to regret anything,” He said quietly. “How’d you get in the house anyway?”
“Aaron let me in.”
“Cool. Go hang with him.” He grabbed the pillow from under my head and threw it at her. “Now leave Dorothy and me alone.”
Shannon looked at me. “Tell Eric to keep it in his pants. Stop tempting him!”
“She already has,” he said. 
“I’m not going away then.” She crossed her arms.
“Fine,” Eric said hastily. “Then you can watch.” He smirked as he started to lean back on me.
“No, no, no, NO!” Shannon and I yelped out in unison. From the corner of my eye I could see her quickly stand up. 
“I don’t think we should be moving that fast,” I muttered, looking down at my chest. My shirt was creased in all sorts of wavy directions. I pushed myself up from the bed while Eric graciously got off of me. The sheets were wrinkled too. I didn’t think we moved around that much.
“Good Dottie.” Shannon turned to Eric and smacked the back of his head. He rubbed it, a hurt expression displayed on his face.
“Oh please,” I said.
“Gotta keep them in line.” She shook her head at Eric. “I expected more discipline from you. Ah, you guys are all pigs!”
“I see what you mean,” I agreed. He hurt expression glowed into a grin. The type of grins kids make when they know they’re doing something bad but are trying to look innocent. It was quite adorable.
“Ugh, you guys were cute at first now I’m rethinking it.” Shannon pulled at my wrist. “Come on, there’s way to much sexual tension in here.” Before we were out of the room, she shouted back to Eric, “You might need some air too!” She slammed the door behind her. 
She took me downstairs to the kitchen, retrieving a cereal box from the cabinet. She opened the top and ripped into the bag, taking a handful of Cheerios. After she stuffed her face, she looked at me with wide eyes. She reached for more, holding some out for me, “Want some?”
I shook head, giving a weak smile.
She shrugged back. “When I get frustrated, I eat.” She pushed another handful into her mouth. “I only eat dry cereal when mad.” She muffled through each chew. “It calms me down quicker.” She leaned her back on the counter and put the cereal box on the stove, I noticed it had ‘Shannon’ across the box written in red.
“You come over here often?” I asked.
She nodded her head, “Sure. ‘Shannon you are always welcome to my home.’” I could tell she mocked Macy’s voice. “I love Eric’s mom!” She smiled brightly, and just as she spoke those words, a tired figure walked into the kitchen. 
Macy’s eyes widened with surprise as she saw us standing in her kitchen. “Hello.”
“Hi Mrs. Grant!” Shannon put her hand in the air for one courteous wave. “Don’t worry, Aaron invited us in,” She beamed. I noticed the emphasis she made on the word us; I’m still the secret guest in this house.
“Aaron, really?”
“Yeah.” Shannon agreed. “I know, right?”
Macy rubbed her messy bed head, opening the fridge for the orange juice container. She grabbed a glass from the dishwasher, inspecting it, then poured the juice. I watched her intently. She had grace even when tired. Shannon filled in the silence with her mindless chatter.
“So Eric said I could invite people over, if that was okay with you, Mrs. G.” Her smile was mischievous.
Macy was wary. “Did Eric actually say that?”
“Yeah.” That was a lie.
Macy laughed sweetly. “Okay. Who’s coming over?”
“I called Travis and Carter. You know the usual. But Gloria said she would be coming over.” Shannon said. 
Macy’s eyes lit up. “Oh! I haven’t seen in a while. Is she still with Cater?”
Shannon looked at her with humor in her eyes. “She is coming over,” she repeated. “But, I’d still invite her even if they weren’t together. I’m okay with awkward moments.”
Macy started moving around the kitchen in a lively manner. “I should make something.”
“No!” Shannon waved her hands in the air. “I think that you should just go back to sleep! Aaron told me you had a late shift and just got off two hours ago.” She had a deep concern in her expression. “Go back to bed, please.”
Macy appeared grateful. Her face resembling that of Eric’s in a sad smile. “Thank you.” She chugged down her orange juice and trailed herself back to her room. But before she turned the corner of her kitchen, she held her head out and said, “And nice to see you again, Dora.”
As soon as she disappeared, Shannon said aloud, “She likes you. I can tell.”
“That’s great.” I liked her too, and I also liked her son a lot. But I couldn’t comply with the situation I was under. It’s funny how when I was kissing Eric just moments ago, nothing else seemed to matter. But being away from him—I remembered my current state of being kidnapped. I shouldn’t keep playing at these charades. I had to go back to my life again. 
Or maybe I just can’t admit that I loved him too. As crazy as it sounds…I was in love with Eric Grant. There’s no escaping that fact now. 
“Eric?” Shannon said. Her voice filled with question. I focused my gaze on her for a second, realizing that Eric was hugging her from behind. 
“No,” he said laughing. “It’s Aaron. I have to say, I appreciate you.” And now Shannon giggled along with him while he dropped his arms down. “Thank you for letting my mom back in bed.”
“All right,” she said. “What about the thanks I get for stopping you guys upstairs?”
He shifted his eyes to mine. “I’m still not sorry.”
My face flushed. 
Shannon looked between the both of us, and shook her head in disgust. “Can you stop? I’m starting to think pushing you guys together was a bad idea—”
“THEY’RE TOGETHER?” Aaron’s voice came out of nowhere, making us all jump and shush him.
“Yeah.” She nodded.
The doorbell rang. Shannon jumped to answer it and we followed her to the door.
Two of them, I already knew: Travis and Carter. But the other one I’ve never seen before. 
This short girl had light brown hair in a loose ponytail—some pieces of hair still sticking out. The pink polo shirt covered her busty figure, while her flowery-patterned skirt and black flats completed the ensemble.  A brown purse clutched on her right shoulder, her left hand holding Carter’s hand firmly. This must have been Gloria. 
“Yah, Gloria! You’re here!” Shannon shouted with excitement, jumping over to Gloria for an embracive hug. She dropped Carter’s hand to hug her tightly back. Shannon led everyone into the living room as we all sat down. 
I ended up on the couch sitting right smack in the middle of Eric and Gloria while she sat next to Carter. Aaron hogged the armchair; Travis and Shannon sat in the loveseat.
Gloria turned to me, extending her hand. “Hi. I’m Gloria.” We shook. 
“Dottie.” I said, immediately wishing I took it back because her eyes got wide and her jaw dropped. Okay, she couldn’t know. She just got back from New York.
“You’re—”
“Dorothy,” Eric growled.
“Crap.” Cater slapped himself on his forehead.
Aaron laughed. Shannon gave a sharp exhale.
“the missing girl.” She finished. “What are you doing here? Did they find you?” She had all these questions stuck in her mind, I could easily tell. 
But I was afraid to answer. “I uh—”
She quickly ignored me, spinning to Cater. “Babe, what’s going on? What’s a missing person doing in Eric’s house?”
“Why don’t you ask him yourself, honey.” Carter said. She looked over my head to Eric now. “Well?”


16. EXPLANATION

“This is turning out how I expected it to,” Aaron said. “Eric, I knew this would come back and bit you in the ass.”
“Shut up!” Shannon hissed. “You’re not helping.”
“Seriously,” Gloria said, “What’s going on here?” She was looking at Eric again.
“I ran away to teach my mom and dad a lesson,” I lied.
She snapped her eyes at me, bewildered. “Well that’s not very nice.”
“I’m planning on going back.” And this time, that was the truth. Or so I hoped. I gazed at Eric, who was looking at his feet. “Yeah,” I went back to continue with my lie, “Eric let me stay here.”
“Well, you should go back soon.” Her eyes met mine, the hard gaze very superior-like, “Because if you don’t I can’t promise you I’ll keep your secret.”
And I realized in that moment, I liked Gloria. She was someone who would stand up for justice rather than for friends.
Shannon quickly jumped in, moving the conversation to a different topic. “So, how was New York, Gloria?”
She smiled as if she’s been waiting for someone to ask her that forever. “It was absolutely amazing. I love the city! Everyone walking around, the streets are filled. My dream is to live there.” Her eyes glazed over at the thought.
I noticed Carter shift uncomfortably. He had a slight frowned on his face—I could only guess that her dream wasn’t exactly his. I could understand Carter; he seemed like a reserved kind of guy. Definitely quiet. The city would make him restless. 
“Did you get any parts yet?” I asked.
“Yeah, when I was like a kid. For some kid’s shampoo commercial.” She said. “Only I really want to do some plays. And maybe even make it into a movie?” She crossed her fingers, “Only I could hope so.”
“I’ve seen you act at our school plays, Gloria. You’re freaking perfect!” Shannon encouraged. “Whoever doesn’t see that is a loser.”
“Yes,” Carter said, holding Gloria’s hand again. “I know you’ll make it big.” She smiled, delighted at Carter’s response. He was willing to support her even if it wasn’t what he wanted. 
Gloria filled in on information about the classes she took, and the kinda-famous people she met. All with the same, ‘It was amazing!’ and ‘I can’t believe I got to see it all!’ After a while, we decided to move the ‘party’ outside.
It was cold out there, so I have no idea what Shannon was thinking (unless she enjoys the cold weather). We were outside of Eric’s patio, which was a small space with some beach chairs and a table. Outside I could see the stars shining brightly. I could also see my breath.
“Shannon, are you crazy?” I shivered through Eric’s jacket that I still had on. “It’s cold.”
“Pity it won’t snow.” Shannon sighed, ignoring my displeasure of the chill.
“I wish it would snow too,” Gloria said. “It barely snows here; I’ve only seen some frost on grass in the mornings. That’s all we got.” I noticed she was shaking too, and then Carter took her hand to warm her. And all I could do was stare at them. They were adorable.
“Anyone wants any coffee or coco!?” Shannon jumped up and asked. She looked hastily in our direction. She pointed to us one by one. “Gloria, coffee.  Carter, coffee. Eric coffee. Dottie?”
“She would like Coco.” Eric answered before I could say it myself. “Right?” His gray eyes locked onto mine for a brief second, waiting for the ‘okay’.
I nodded.
“Coco it is.” Shannon smirked before dragging Travis and Aaron along with her. They complained, but didn’t really do anything else. 
And everything went dead. I didn’t know Carter that well and I definitely didn’t know his girlfriend—other than her going away to New York. And talking to Eric would always be awkward, especially with people around. But (as if reading my mind) Gloria took a turn to fill the quietness.
“Are you guys dating?”
Okay, maybe not the right kind of conversation. 
“Gloria,” Carter muttered. “It isn’t our concern.”
“Oh, come on! You expect me to believe, like the whole month she’s gone she hasn’t done anything with Eric?”
“I believed that,” Carter said.
“Oh, honey. You believe anything.” She held his hand and squeezed it. But she turned back to us. “Seriously, though. What’s the verdict?”
“There is no…” I started but found myself incapable of answering that well. 
“Shannon said you guys had a make out fest, recently.” Carter grinned. Gloria shot him a dirty look. 
“How in the hell does Shannon get word out fast?” I said, incredulously. 
“Ah, but the glory of cell phones.” He fished out his from his pocket and held it out to me. I tsked at him.
“Seriously, technology has done nothing but exploit people.” I said, ticked off. But at the same time, it felt great that Eric and I were out in the open. 
“Well I think you guys look great together,” Gloria said, taking Carter’s cell phone and playing with it. “Even though I barley know you, Dottie.” Then she giggled while adding, “I barely even know Eric too. So you guys make a perfect little couple in my head.” 
And with that, a ring tone sounded. We all blink around, except for Gloria who was thumbing through her purse for her phone. The ringing grew louder as she retrieved it and answered. “Hello?” A quiet response before she went on. “Oh, hi! I’m so glad you called…” She stood up, motioning for Carter to come with her as she continued with the conversation, “Yeah, I know. But the thing is—”
They were back inside the house, and I was alone with Eric. Again.
To my surprise, Eric busted out laughing. I glanced at him—thinking something weird happened to his brain. 
He looked at me and laughed even harder. I didn’t say anything and waited while he settled back down. “Oh, you are so slow.” He chuckled out.
I didn’t get it. “What?”
“Gloria called herself from Carter’s phone,” he said. “Priceless. You obviously weren’t looking at her hands.”
Okay. So maybe I was slow. “Why?”
“We’re always weird around each other, Dorothy,” Eric said. “Honestly, what do you really think of me? Because apparently we’re not a couple.”
I let out a long sigh. “Yeah, right. It’s jusat about K—”
“Kade,” Eric growled rudely. 
“I’m just conflicted. Okay? I’m still dating him…sort of.” I looked away, staring into oblivion. The truth was I don’t think we were still considered together. I’ve been missing for a whole month now. I mean…is he still single? Taken? What? Mourning for a lost girlfriend. I knew Kade well enough to know that he wouldn’t move on that fast. But I’m pretty sure Kristen had no trouble trying to move him along—if she was still interested.
“Did he move on?” I asked quietly. Eric should know; he’s been going to school on a daily basis anyway. 
He didn’t answer right away, giving me a long pause. “No,” he exhaled out. “Bastard’s still holding out for you. Not that he’s not with Kristen a lot, because he hangs out with her still. But that’s all I know.”
So Kade was still faithful.
“Then I don’t know…what we are.” I said. “Even though kissing you is already considered cheating on my boyfriend.”
“He’s an ass.” He blurted out. “Why do you even like the guy, Dorothy? You could do so much better.” Eric said, angrily. 
I glared. “Oh, and you’re so much better? You freaking took me.” I shouted at him. “You know what a sane person would do? A sane person would go and talk to the girl he likes. Why couldn’t you just talk to me? Then everything would have worked out fine!”
“Would you really want me to?” He said, “I mean…I don’t think you and Kade would ever break up.”
“You liked me, didn’t you,” I said slowly. “I mean, enough. But you didn’t want to mess with me?” 
He shifted his eyes from my face to the table. “No. I wouldn’t want to.”
The door opened and Shannon yelled, “COFFEE! COCO! I GOT YOUR—”
“You don’t have to yell.” Eric hissed. “Thank you.” He reached out his arm for one of the coffee mugs on the tray. Shannon handed me my coco. 
“Thank you.” I said. Shannon smiled at me politely. “We’re setting up a movie now, since we have nothing better to do. It will be ready in five minutes.” She advanced to the sliding door.
“You probably are going to need some help…” Eric walked toward the glass door, but Shannon made a sharp turn and looked at Eric. 
“Nope. We’ll be fine.” She said sweetly, but I could hear the death tone in that sentence. Obviously she wants us to figure out our problems, again. That and the fact that I heard a small click when she went back inside. She locked the door too?
“So,” I said, “we were at you saying that you liked me.” I smiled a little, in confidence of myself. Hey, it’s not every day that a guy said he liked you before he even got to know you. In fact, this was the first time actually.
“I told you that before,” he said back. “But I didn’t want to bother you that way.” 
I frowned. “Wait a minute. Talking to me is something you consider wrong because you liked me. But kidnapping me…that’s just more of a convenience for you, isn’t it?” Before I could say anymore, I shut up and took a sip of my coco, burning my tongue but trying to appear that it had no affect on me. 
I glanced over at him and he took a long chug of his coffee. And then he set it down, staring into my eyes. “Nope.” I couldn’t believe Eric. This was all a joke to him wasn’t it?
I snapped. Jumped out of my chair, bumping the table on the way up, geez. “I could leave right now, you know,” I said. “I could just walk out—even scream if you try to grab me. I’ll bit your hand again! Don’t think I wouldn’t, Grant.” 
He stood up as well, “You wouldn’t do that.” He said simply. “Not a chance.” But I knew he wouldn’t try to stop me, he meant something different. He didn’t appear ready to bolt after me—no. He had his two feet planted firmly on the ground. 
“No?” I asked, teasing. “Give me one reason to stay.” I held up a finger wagged it in his face. 
A smile lit up. “I’ll give you two.” He took my hands in his before saying. “You love me and I love you.” 
Without any warning, he placed his lips, bitter with coffee, to mine. Coffee on him tasted amazing—my hatred towards coffee was waning. His mouth sweetened it.
In just seconds he was able to make me forget everything. Like the fact that this is totally considered cheating on my boyfriend. And how wrong this situation was. And maybe the fact that Shannon and Gloria are in the next room right now looking through the blinds. Hell, even Macy could have woken up and peaked on through the window.
But the thing was I didn’t care anymore. I just kept on kissing him because it was the only thing I wanted to do. Our mouths were moving in synch with each other. This felt so right. Everything else didn’t matter. And he was such a great kisser!
Eric pulled back, whispering, “Calm down.”
I was in a daze.
He smiled softly. “You were kissing me like it was our last.” I could see the emotion in his eyes, because he thought that it to be true. We couldn’t be like this forever. It was unnatural. I had a family back at home that’s probably on the verge of thinking I’m absolutely dead, all his doing.
No. What was I thinking? It’s because of me too—because I’m in love with him. He said it himself: I wouldn’t leave because of that reason. I couldn’t leave because he loved me. And now we’re both screwed. 
So I said, “Sure feels like it.”
We heard a click. Eric and I quickly glanced at the door to see Shannon grinning brightly, waving one hand for us to come inside. He held up a his index finger and Shannon nodded, sincerely, and let the blinds fall as she walked away from the door.
He spoke in a low voice. “I have to ask—what did you think of me?” By the emphasis, I knew he was implying the time when we were just sitting next to each other in English. When we never spoken one word at all and I was to wrapped up on Kade to think of anything else. Eric was always quiet and never looked at me besides having to pass me old assignments I turned in. Other than that, he was just a simple mystery boy in my life. 
I’ve never given much thought about him until we were English partners. But the truth was I think I’ve always wondered about Eric. Sure, it was stored away in the back of my mind, but that had to be because of Kade, because of Janaki, my sister, and school-related things. Eric was someone I’d never thought I’d be with in my entire life. Well here I am.
“You were someone I’d want to get to know, but never in my wildest dreams did I think I would.” I searched for a changing expression in his face but there was none. “And Eric… you are certainly unique.”
“I’m glad to hear that, Dorothy,” He kissed my lips lightly, “Because you’re more interesting that I though you would be.”
I scrunched up my face and he laughed. He led me inside, holding my hand, while Shannon yammered on about school gossip. We sat down silently, while the lights went off and the TV came on. 
Child version of Shannon and Eric appeared on the screen. They were setting up a home stage for a puppet show at their elementary school. Shannon was yelling at whoever was filming. Apparently she doesn’t like to be on tape unless she was ready. The person (a man) holding the camera was chuckling while shaking it.
“Shannon seriously?” Eric looked at her.
Shannon giggled. “Oh, come on! I haven’t even seen this and I’m in it!”
“You were there. We don’t need to relive the past.” 
“Shut up and let me have my home movies,” she said, tone indifferent.
Eric sighed, defeated, and I arched an eyebrow to him. He only shook his head. 
The video continued on, raising my question of Shannon and Eric’s sanity. So far, Shannon shouted at the whole class to shut up, getting herself a time-out after the presentation. Eric took most of the time making everything perfect and refused to start at all, until every single thing was in place. And after five minutes in the movie, they were ready.
“Finally,” Aaron sighed. 
They went behind the cut-out-box stage, making sure they weren’t seen behind the velvet-red curtain. Thirty seconds of coughing and random arm stretches from audience members, a sock puppet sprung up. Its gray body and black-button eyes were pretty average looking for a sock puppet, except the outrageous pink hair. I suspected that to be Shannon’s hand. 
The other one had a tan body, same button eyes, and lightning blue hair. Yeah, that had to be Eric’s. They did a short skit on the Declaration of Independence. Wow, they had to be in like the second grade in this video. Usually, they don’t introduce much of that stuff until later elementary school. 
Even though this was supposed to be about the Declaration of Independence, all they were really doing was whacking the puppets around. Shannon made a movement of her hand to make it look like the sock puppet was doing the talking. 
“The Declaration of Independence…” And some more info heard from little Shannon’s voice. They obviously didn’t know what they were talking about, because Eric ended up talking about the invention of waffles. But they kept the whole class entertained. 
Shannon burst out laughing, “Do you remember what we got on our presentation?”
“We got a D+,” Eric chuckled too.
“And the plus was for good effort.” Shannon added. “Waffles were so not important.”
“Well, they were to me, I ate them that morning.” He recalled. “I feel like a waffle now. Thanks for playing the video.”
“No problem!” Shannon exclaimed, ignoring the fact that Eric said that in total sarcasm. Or maybe she did notice and just went along with it. The video stopped playing and Shannon went over to the old VCR to rewind the tape. “You know, I found your camera Eric!” She turned swiftly over, showing us this old camcorder in her hand.
“That must have been so hard to look through the cabinets of the VCR,” he rolled his eyes.
Shannon pressed the on button, and the red light came on. “Still freaking works too and it’s recording!” She put her eye up to the eyepiece and moved around the room to get a shot at everyone.
“Smile! Dottie! Eric,” Shannon said when she finally came to us. I buried my head in Eric’s chest and he put his hands in front of his face.
“C’mon.”
She smirked. “Seriously, Eric. I already whipped out the camera and videotaped you guys during your make out session out in the patio.” 
I yanked my head up. “You what!?”
“Yup. It was like one of those moments you just had to get on tape.” She pushed the off button and dropped the camera in Eric’s hand. “I think we should all leave.”
She looked up at my face. “Not you. And not Eric. But Aaron is welcome to come.”
“Nah. Really?” Aaron teased.
Shannon realized what she said, “Never mind.” 
“Shannon. Everything’s okay.” Eric said.
“Truthfully? Because I still feel so much tension around you two.” She made these bizarre movements with her hands. 
“I think there’s always going to be tension around us,” I mumbled. Eric put his arm around me, and I leaned my head against his shoulder. 
“Adorable.” Shannon squealed. She stood up, dragging Travis, who barked back a comment before leaving out the door.
“You better be hitting that.” 
Smack.
“Ow… you better be loving that.”
Another Smack.
“What do you want me to say?” Travis complained.
Carter held Gloria’s hand as they walked past us. But she turned her head and had her eyes narrowed on me. It was like she was pleading with me. “Please go back. You’re hurting everyone.” She reminded me the thing I needed to remember. I couldn’t forget.
Aaron cleared his throat. We both snapped our heads his way; he just stared at us, wide-eyed.
“Do you guys need like… alone time?” He said.
“Don’t worry,” Eric said quietly. “We’ll be in my room.” He grasped my hand and we headed upstairs.
“Well, don’t be loud.” Was all Aaron said.
I shot him a nasty look. “We’re not doing any of that!”
When we were back in his room, I sat on his bed while Eric messed with his computer. It’s funny how being with Eric is still felt awkward, but a good kind of awkward. The kind of one where you know you’re doing something weird, but the other person will be perfectly fine with it.
So I thought about doing something weird.
“Why are you such a good kisser?” I blurted out. Wow. Did I really just ask that?
He looked at me, surprised. “Are you serious?”
I opened my mouth, closed it, and then opened it again. “I was just wondering.”
“Shannon taught me,” he said simply. My jaw dropped. And then he laughed to reassured me, “No. I was joking.” He shrugged. “I really don’t know. But I’ve gotten quite a few compliments.” Then it hit me that Eric had to date some girls before me. I mean, come on! He’s totally a looker. 
“Oh…” I asked. The only other boyfriend before Kade was this kid named Shawn. We dated around the beginning of high school. I only agreed to be his girlfriend because he asked me out in this really lame pink up line. I felt bad to say no. It only lasted about two weeks because he wasn’t really interested in me; he just wanted to use the line. “Well good for you.”
“Yes. I can feel how proud you are of me.” Eric said sarcastically, lightening up the mood.
I couldn’t help but giggle—he was right. The past is the past, after all. “Yeah. Sorry.” I swung my legs back and forth while he typed something on his computer.
I grabbed a piece of my hair and fiddled with it. I thought if I just kept playing with my hair, Eric would easily tell I was bored out of my mind. But he didn’t. He kept clanking away on his keyboard. So maybe I should try action. 
I moved to him, putting my hands on the armrests on his chair. I pushed my lips onto his, savoring the moment. I could tell that he was startled by the way he wasn’t kissing my back. But after two seconds, his mouth was forming against mine nicely. I pull back and say, “Shannon didn’t interrupt us!”
“Good.” He said. We sat and stare at each other. It’s all good. 

17. ACCIDENTAL

“Shh.” Eric’s soft voice whispered.
“Dude, are you serious?” Aaron’s deep voice ignored the pleading one. “You expect me to be quiet. This is going way too far. Dottie’s enough as it is, and now there’s another girl?”
My eyelids would have shot up if I didn’t control them to stay down. I couldn’t believe what Aaron said—does Eric have someone else? But why?
“It’s not like I wanted this to happen,” Eric said.
“Well then, tell me: How did you want this happen?”
I could hear the computer load up, and Eric tapped some keys. “Take a look.”
There was a quiet pause; I could only guess that Aaron was reading whatever Eric was showing him. And then he said, “So what? You think this girl is serious?” 
“I knew her since grade school,” Eric said harshly. “She’s serious when she tells people.”
“Then give her back, this is getting weird anyway!” Aaron said.
“It’s not that easy,” Eric muffled, probably through his hands, “We’re already in too deep. There will be questions. I’ll go to jail.” He sighed. “Maybe that’s what it had to come to. I think I already knew that—I think I’m okay with it.”
That was it. I opened my eyes in the dark room, looking out into the night, and sat up on the bed. “You’re not going anywhere!” I yelled, the guys turned my way, and I noticed Eric had a pained expression on his face. “What’s going on?”
Again the room fell silent. Then Aaron said, “Well go on! Tell her!” 
“Janaki said that she’s going to run away and try to find you.” Eric answered quietly. He didn’t look at my face, too ashamed to even do so. 
Janaki’s going to run away? “What?” I blurted out. “How do you know?”
Aaron moved out of the way for me to see the computer screen. Eric shifted the laptop for me to see easier. “I read it on her blog.”
“I still cannot believe you read blogs,” Aaron said. “That’s just weird. You need to do something else in your spare time.”
Eric shook his head. “I shouldn’t keep you in here anymore; I don’t know what I was thinking.” He put his head in his hands, “You need to go home.”
Something inside me broke out and I stood up abruptly, snarling, “Are you kidding? Do you have any idea what the hell we’re going through?”
“Should I—” I glared at Aaron who immediately backed away to the door and disappeared.
“What are you talking about?” Eric gazed up at me. 
“You’re talking about getting arrested!” I cried out. “I don’t want you to!”
“What kind of a story are you going to make? You’ve been gone for a little over a month. People will be asking. You just can’t say—”
“I’ll deal with that on my own, thank you.” I interrupted him.
Eric got on his feet and drew his arms around me. “You’re crazy, you know that?”
“You’re crazier.” I said. 
He nodded. “Dorothy, I realized that as soon as I took you from the party that I would possibly regret doing that for my entire life.”
I hesitated. “Then why’d you do it?” Was he really going to explain clearly to me, now?
He shrugged. “I don’t know. I really like you. And I hate Kade. But I thought either way we’d all lose in the end.”
“Wait…were you planning on keeping me forever?” I said.
Eric didn’t say anything for a while. “When I did it, I didn’t care what would happen. Like I was hoping for someone to catch me, but then at the same time I just wanted you here.”
“Shannon told me about your friends,” I said, recalling the information. “I didn’t know you were suicidal.”
“When they died, my life fell apart.” Eric whispered. His gray eyes bore into mine. “We talked about it, I also thought of doing it. I had the knife in my hand, Dorothy. All I needed to do was move it.” He closed his eyes, keeping his head low. “I didn’t even have to guts to do it, not like they did.”
“Why did you want to die so bad?”
“I couldn’t take it anymore. Sure, I had friends, but it’s just—I don’t know. I was lonely either way. You probably thought I killed them, didn’t you?” I looked away when he opened his eyes. “Then I started thinking about the afterlife. If there even is one?”
“You don’t think you’ll go to heaven?”
He shook his head. “The more I think about it, suicide is a way for people to escape. I wanted to escape, obviously, but I knew I couldn’t go out like that. I thought about Judas, you know?”
I was familiar with that. “One of Jesus’ disciples?” He nodded. “I’d like to think he went to heaven.” I mulled over. The little I knew of Judas was he betrayed Jesus, then hung himself because he felt bad about it.
“It never says in the bible what happens to Judas in the afterlife. Some slight indcations and assumption but no one really knows for sure. Judas went easily: he didn’t want to live with himself so he got rid of what he hated the most. People who commit suicide…nobody really knows where they are. Then again, nobody knows what really happens to anybody in the afterlife. Once you’re gone, you can’t come back.”
I realized then that Shannon was right—Eric was totally messed up. He was so confused and clearly afraid. He doesn’t know what to believe anymore. He lived in fear and regret. Maybe he’s just not on his right mind overall. So many things happened to him and I don’t blame him.
It was clear to me. He needs to move on, I need to go back. Maybe things can turn out right if we just come clean. “Eric, you have to take me to Janaki.” I said softly, yanking at the hem of his t-shirt. 
“Agreed,” Eric said.
I felt my eyes get teary at the thought of what would happen after that. “I just don’t want you to go to jail. Can’t we do something about it—something different?”
Eric didn’t say anything, but instead he walked over to the door and opened it. “Aaron, you goy a sec?”
Aaron quietly shuffled in. “Need something?”
“Since mom’s not here, we need your car.” He replied, with his hand sticking out waiting for a set of keys. When nothing happened, he said, “Well?”
“No way in hell I’m going to let you drive my car,” Aaron said with a grin on his face. “I’ll be delighted to drive you guys. Come on. We got somebody to save?”
“Janaki,” I said.
“Right. Sounds interesting.”

Unfortunately, Aaron was unprepared for a rescue mission; he had no gas in his car. So while he walked down to the gas station about a mile away. Eric and I ate some lunch in the interim. 
“You are king of turkey sandwiches,” I said, taking another bite. 
“Yeah,” Eric said, leaning his head back on his hands. “I should own my own cooking show.”
I finished it off and with my mouth full I said, “Mm. You should.” I met Eric’s eyes and watched his mouth form a quick grin. “What?”
He scooted closer to me, his face inches from mine. “You look absolutely adorable when you eat.”
“Really?” I said, surprised. I didn’t think that would be right. I felt like a pig when I ate. My eating was way far from adorable. 
After I finished my sandwich, Eric threw the dishes in the sink and we headed to the living room. He made his way around the coffee table, careful not to trip over any books lying on the ground. He took something from the shelf and handed it to me as he sat down on the couch. 
I looked at the obscure brown object in my hand. “What is it?”
“Isn’t it obvious?” He said, with a hint of amusement. “It’s a treasure box.”
“Oh,” I murmured, opening the golden lock that I felt just a second ago on the side of the box. Inside was a velvet brown kind of fabric. But something else caught my eye—a silver necklace shining back at me. I reached for it, staring it down in my hand. I noticed then it was a locket, an old one at that. It was square-rounded, a star etched in the middle. I didn’t open it, too afraid that there might have been something inside. “This is beautiful,” I said, breathless.
“It originally belonged to my great-great-grandmother from my dad’s side.” He said, taking it from my hand. “I want you to have it.” 
“What?” I said, feeling my eyes widen. “No.” I replied slowly, “That’s not right. It belongs to your family. It’s ancient…in a good way.”
But he shook his head. “My mom’s not too big on fancy jewelry, and I’m pretty much the next one in the generation.”
I could only think of the future as he said that. Eric would potentially have a wife and kids. I, myself, would probably too. Did I think I would end with Eric in the future? No, I don’t know…maybe? But if he gives this to me now, what will happen when we break up? Because of course we will…it is high school after all. Fat chance we’d be that spare 10 percentile of high school sweethearts sticking together. We technically weren’t even high school sweethearts.
“No.” I said again, this time my voice was stronger. But he unclasped the necklace and put it around my neck, ignoring my objections. “Seriously Eric.” 
He shushed me. “I know what you’re thinking. And if we have a fall out…well then that sucks.” We will have a fall out, I thought. “Other than that…take it. You can even keep it.” He smiled.
I touched the locket in my hand and said, “So what are you going to put inside?”
And then he grinned wickedly. “Something’s already inside.”

“You guys…when is this ‘Janaki’ person going to run off to the woods in hopes of finding Dottie?” Aaron said, pouring himself some ice tea. “I mean, can I at least eat first. You know that driving while eating is terribly wrong.” 
We were pressing Aaron to rush but he took his sweet time. He didn’t think this much as a life-or-death danger, but it’s Janaki! I remember she told me that she was pissed at her parents when she was ten. So she packed her clothes and left. At least she gave clues to where she would be (like pinning a picture of the place on her bedroom wall—not to mention staying at her mom’s friend’s store). 
But now Janaki is older and only spoke in a blog (and possibly a diary) that she was determined to find me—no matter what it takes. I loved Janaki but her stubborn determination would get her in trouble one day.
“Eat, now.” I demanded. But even with my best death glare, I didn’t faze him. He smirked in amusement. 
“Wow you are feisty.” Aaron said, slurping some of the ramen noodles in the cup. “What did you do to the quiet one, Eric? I mean do two quiet people equal an extra ordinary loud one.” He emphasized at me.
“Oh please.” I sighed. “I’m far from loud compared to you, Aaron.” I sat down on the stool next to the counter, drumming my fingers impatiently. He carried on, taking a spoonful of noodles and liquid in his mouth. I imagined Janaki yanking her drawers open and dumping any sight of clothing inside her black traveling bag. I could see her writing a letter to her parents at her desk, and that she would get some bottled waters. And perhaps, maybe I was thinking too hard about this, because I gawked at Aaron the whole time.
He stared back. “What am I doing wrong?”
I shook my head and looked at Eric who sat quietly at the dinner table. “How much time do you think we have left?” I said.
“Janaki posted it at 9 o’clock in the morning,” he recalled. “But, she could have made it so that it was scheduled to post this morning. She said she’s leaving at 8 o’clock, giving her time to say goodbye to everyone before heading off.”
I said nothing. 
“So that means we have like…20 minutes?” Aaron said with his mouth full.
“Can you just eat!?” I exclaimed, throwing him back a nasty glare.

Eric knew where Janaki lived, which didn’t surprise me at all. She told me he’d been to her house a bunch of times back when they were friends. 
And it was very cold in the car. Eric’s jacket may have helped a little, but I had this nice cotton one that would work well in this environment. Of course, you can’t always have what you want. 
“Hey Aaron, do you have heat?” Eric said. I stared at him, confused, but waited for an answer like he did. 
Aaron took a long, exaggerated pause before saying, “Nope.” 
Eric and I both sighed. 
“You car may look pretty but it’s really a piece of junk,” I said.
He fixed his rear-view mirror to glare at me. “My car is not pretty. It’s handsome.”
“Whatever,” I shivered. The window outside had built-up ice on it, although it wasn’t snowing yet. The last time it snowed was the winter of my freshman year. People were ecstatic about it.  
“Dorothy?” I looked up and saw Eric gazing at me with his head turned back, “Are you going to be okay?”
I kept my eyes on him for a second. What did he mean? “Yeah.” I expected him to turn his head back, but he stayed in the same position. “What?” I said. 
“I love you…I just wanted to let you know that.” He said. 
I smiled, but not out of my pleasure; only because he needed me to smile at him in the very moment. “I love you too.” 
But he continued on, “So whatever happens…” He didn’t finish, leaving the sentence open. 
And I couldn’t really figure out what he meant at that moment. So I looked past his subtle hints, which I know I shouldn’t have, but I was worried too much about Janaki to care then. 
“Listen, guys, I don’t want you two to get all romancey around me.” Aaron said. “The couples at college are annoying enough as it is, I don’t need to be around high school kids.”
Just to tease Aaron—just to get under his skin, I scooted forward and kissed Eric right on his lips. I let the time linger, hearing Aaron clear his throat rather loud. It served him right, though. 
“PDA.” He said.
I took my mouth off of Eric’s to look at Aaron. I said, “It’s not considered PDA when there’s only one person watching.”
“Not necessarily,” Aaron said, looking at his mirror before turning. “Anyone driving past me can see. So it’s PDA.” He said this all in a serious tone. “Harley drive, right?”
Eric nodded. “You know too?”
“I think I went to this girl’s birthday party with my mom to pick you up.” He smirked. “Then we went to the park and you threw up because you ate too much at the party.
I glanced at the back of Eric’s head. “No way.” 
Aaron’s smirk grew even sinister. “Yeah.”
Eric slugged in his seat. “And thank you for telling her that.”
“No problem, cuz.” Aaron patted Eric’s back. “She should know EVERY detail about your life, after all.”
I giggled softly as Aaron continued rambling to Eric about how (when the time comes) he will get a new girlfriend. The weather seemed to grow colder now, so I pulled down at the sleeves to go over my hands. I looked outside the window again and realized that Janaki’s house was just minutes away now. Hopefully we weren’t too late. 
But what happened next was severely unexpected. 

I heard sounds, a bunch of commotion surrounding me. Someone was crying, I didn’t know who, but it came from a woman. People were talking in soft mutters, and metal was being pushed aside as I felt a couple of arms slowly pulling me out. I was being hoisted into an uncomfortable bed. Someone grabbed my hand; it felt cold and shaky. This person gripped with lame strenght
“Please….” The person pleaded. 
“And dreaming through the twilight
That doth not rise nor set
Haply I may remember
And haply may forget.”
-Christina Rossetti
18. WAKING UP

The first thing I noticed before opening my eyes was the smell; overly used disinfect chemicals. Then loud beeping sounds around made me really wake up, but I still didn’t open my eyes. I just woke up, and I needed to stretch. But I couldn’t. This felt all too familiar.
This time it wasn’t a rope that kept me from pulling out my arms, it was cords in my veins that kept me from moving an inch. My eyelids flew open and I looked carefully around the room I was in. 
White. Pale White. I took another deep breath and scrunched up my nose. I hate the smell of a hospital. And it’s cold, probably colder than outside. 
Wait, why was I in a hospital? Various images flooded back in my memory. The only thing I remembered was riding in the car with Aaron and Eric. Everything after that went blank.
I spotted pink roses set beside me on a table. There was also a bear holding a small balloon that had ‘Get Well Soon’ written on it. 
A middle-aged nurse with blazing red hair came in. She had a brown board in her hand. When she saw me her eyes widened. 
“Oh, you’re awake!” She said. “You must be wondering why you’re here?”
I nodded solemnly because I didn’t know what else to do. 
She went closer check my IV cords and machine then wrote something down on her clipboard. She handed me a device that resembled a remote. 
“To adjust the bed and change the channels on the TV,” she said with a kind voice. She was pretending, of course, to be pleasent. No one can ever be happy in a hospital—that’s just insane. “You’re family will be so excited to see you awake.” Then she added cautiously, “You do want to see them?”
I nodded again and said, “Yes.” I coughed a little because my voice was hoarse. The woman left me and I used the remote to push my back up. I was wondering what happened to Eric and Aaron—after all, I’m in a hospital. Must have been a car accident sever enough too—
I moved, and winced. It was my leg. It was my head too, as some cords dragged up on my face. 
Someone opened the door in a full ruckus. “DOTTIE!” I recognized the voice and saw the familiar figure. Janaki rushed to my side immediately and wrapped her arms awkwardly around me. My parents and sister followed. 
“She is awake,” mom said breathlessly, like it was too good to be true.
“Of course she’s awake,” dad said impatiently. “The nurse wouldn’t lie to us.”
“Dottie, where have you been? We’ve been looking all over for you!” Emily’s tiny voice filled the room. I smiled weakly at everyone.
“So,” was the first thing I said to them, “What happened, exactly?”
Everyone grew quiet, as if I just ruined their good mood with bad news. 
“You mean,” Janaki said. “You don’t remember anything? Not even the kidnapping?”
“O-or us?” Mom stuttered.
But I shook my head quickly. “No! I remember all of that. It’s just…what am I doing here?”
Janaki sucked in a deep breath. “Well,” she started, “A car accident happened around my neighborhood. You were in the car with two other guys and the other car involved occupied an elderly couple. The cars collided.” She said, but I could see in her eyes she was hiding some more information.
My eyes widened. Collision?  “What about them? What happened to them?” I asked fiercely, demanding an answer. 
Everyone went silent, even little Emily.
“The elderly couple survived, miraculously.” Janaki said. She knew that wasn’t the information I wanted, but it’s always good to hear that old people survived another round of life-threatening situations.
“One of the guys riding with you didn’t survive,” dad said flatly.
Maybe it would be insane to say my eyes got any wider, but they did. “Who, who?” I asked, practically pleading. 
Janaki shook her head inexplicitly. “Dottie…” she hesitated, sadness in her voice. “Eric died by the impact.” 
I didn’t say anything, I couldn’t feel anything. Maybe I just stopped time or something. Or maybe I ignored it completely. I kept my eyes on my hands in my lap. The only thing running through my head was Eric’s dead, Eric died, Eric’s gone, Eric will never come back.
“Can you guys leave?” I said audibly. 
Everyone back to the door quietly, shuffling out. But my mother stayed a second longer, staring at me, like she wanted to ask me something. And then she left. 
I sat there, staring blankly at the TV screen. I wasn’t thinking anymore—I refused to. I just let my eyes stay put where they were at before I felt them began to water. 

I gawked at Shannon as she explained everything that happened. She came over shortly after my family and Janaki, telling me all the gruesome details. Of course she wasn’t alone. She had Travis and Carter along with her. Seeing them without him made me feel worse.
The first thing Shannon said to me was, “What the hell happened.” Okay, so maybe it was more of a question, but she demanded it, as it was something normal to say. I noticed her eyes were red and puffy, as I also noticed Travis and Carter were more reserved.
“My friend—Janaki—we needed to save her,” was my simple and truthful statement.
Shannon bent down near my head, talking in a low whisper. “Aaron and Macy are in trouble.”
“What do you mean?”
Shannon pushed aside the ‘Get Well Soon’ bear, tugging at it again and again. “Accomplices.” She said, “They might get life-in-prison because they stayed in the house—they knew about you.”
I was confused. “What about you all? Didn’t they suspect you either?”
She shook her head, like she regretted doing something terrible. “Aaron said that we shouldn’t say anything,” she looked hard into my gaze. “I took him up on that offer. I can’t get in any trouble Dottie! You have to understand.” Her eyes got watery. “I know it’s so wrong to just put the blame on them but—”
I nodded. “I get it.” I told her, and that was true. 
“We…didn’t turn ourselves in either.” Travis spoke up.
“Yeah,” I said back to them. I guessed that much. But what happened to the truth, the thing that Eric was so demanding of? “I need to save Aaron and Macy,” I said.
“Nah, nah. You’re done saving people!” Travis said, waving his arms about. “Aaron called me that night—about Janaki.”
“Actually she’s right,” Carter said quietly. “She was the kidnapped, after all. She’s got important say in the matter.”
“Come on! Are you serious?” Shannon spoke harshly. “You actually think they’d believe her? They could call her out on Stockholm syndrome. Or maybe they would end up pointing a figure at us, saying we put her up to this!”
“But they can’t waste away in jail—it was Eric that kidnapped her. Not us. Not them.” 
“No one would believe her.” 
“Whose side are you on?” I yelled. 
“Nobody’s,” she replied calmly. “Just think realistically here, Dottie. Aaron’s going to get the punishment, and probably an extensive one if you try to fight for him. People talk, Dottie. People are going to start thinking you’re crazy.” 
I crossed my arms. “I don’t care. My family would believe me.”
Shannon nodded. “We’ll see.”
After a beat, I went, “How long have I been here?” 
“About three days,” Carter answered. “You’ve been in a short coma. And the doctors were terrified you wouldn’t wake. But you did so good for you.” But he didn’t say this in a happy tone, just a bland statement. Shannon reached something from her bag as soon as he said that, taking out the newspaper. 
“For you,” she murmured, pushing it into my hands. I unfolded it and the headline read: “Missing Girl Found in Car Accident.”
“How original,” I commented, putting it down on my lap. I didn’t care to read any further after that. 
“I know, right?” Shannon agreed.
“So…people are talking?” I half asked, half stated. 
Travis nodded, rolling his eyes. “Of course! This is a small town after all.” 
Shannon sniffed and wiped her eyes. “Macy’s planning on doing Eric’s funeral this Friday.” Her voice began to break. “We were just hoping you might come.”
“Macy’s getting out for the funeral?”
“She got leeway. Since it’s her son, she’s free to attend. But Aaron can’t.”
“What? But that’s his cousin.”
“People don’t have a lot of Christmas spirit, Dottie.” That’s right! It’s December, nearly Christmas. 
“His funeral’s on Christmas,” I said. 
“Macy thought that would be nice.” Shannon sniffed again. 
I took all this in, Macy giving Eric a funeral, Aaron not being able to go, me being in this bed, Shannon crying—I couldn’t stand this. Everything was working out fine, and now everything was totally wrong. 
“I’m saving them, and you can either help me or get out of the way,” I said.

It was Wednesday and I was finally back at home, with a leg brace, but home nonetheless. The first thing I noticed walking in was the Christmas tree near our living room window. A nice, fake tree, with strings of popcorn and ornaments given by friends and family through past Christmases. Colorful presents slept under the tree.
Mom and Dad were still confused when I explained to them at the hospital that I wanted all charges on Macy and Aaron to be dropped. By the looks on their faces, I knew they thought I went crazy. But I told them and how Aaron couldn’t even go to the funeral and how terrible Macy felt now that her son is gone. The same son that abducted you, their faces read.
But they did what I asked and grudgingly let them free.  
When I went to my room, on my bed was all the stuff left at Eric’s house. The clothes, my purse, even my phone that I thought they could never retrieve. I guess it wasn’t hard to look for—I wasn’t trying that hard to look for it. 
I picked it up and pressed the power button. It took seconds to reboot and I flipped it open to my keypad and wide screen. A couple of my seconds, and my phone buzzed like crazy. Tons of missed calls, voice messages, and text messages. I skimmed through the missed calls first—most was dominated by Home then Janaki and Kade. 
A recent number came up on the missed calls. Some phone number I didn’t recognize. I pressed send on my phone, closing it so it wouldn’t go on speaker. 
After two rings, a tired voice answered. “Hello?” 
I answered back. “Hi. It’s Dottie. Who’s this?”
The comical reply made me recognized instantly who called. “I don’t think you should call someone and ask them who this is. I mean, isn’t that like my job?”
“Aaron?”
“Don’t wear it out.” He chuckled.
“How’d you get a hold of my number?”
“Eric gave it to me.”
“Oh.”
We were both quiet on the phone for a while, and then Aaron spoke up. “Are you going to the funeral?” 
I twirled the end of my bed cover, taking in air slowly. “I want to.”
“But you’re not going?” Aaron pressed.
I sighed, “Aaron. I’m just…” I trailed off, because I didn’t know that answer at all. I did want to go to Eric’s funeral—I really did! But it’s just I couldn’t. Everything was moving too fast—just thinking about Eric being buried. Even imagining a funeral at this moment could break me.
“Why don’t you think about it and get back to me,” he said, his voice indicating impatience. I was about to say something but I heard a click on the other end.
I tossed my phone on my bed. I slid down to the ground on the side and cried. Really cried. The first real cry for Eric Grant. 

I stayed in bed the next day, even when I could perfectly see the sun rays bleeding through my blinds. My digital alarm clock informed me it was midday, but why should I even care. I woke up at six o’clock but bother leaving the bed. 
Around five at night, my sister opened the door softly and scurried up to my bed. She was too quick for me to even have a chance to close my eyes and pretend I was sleeping. She stared at me with her eyes intense. She was worried—I could tell. And I’m a terrible sister for not trying to comfort her. 
My mom came in around eight to get me to eat. I told her to leave it on the side—that I was just extremely tired, even when we both knew that was a lie.
Thoughts of Eric kept me in bed. I was far in the deepest state of mourning. A strange state of sadness. I thought about everything. It was his fault. It was his! Why did he do this? Why did he leave?  
A little later, Janaki came over. She didn’t knock but instead pushed the door aside and sat down next to me on the bed. We were both quiet for a minute, staring into each other’s eyes. I didn’t expect her to say much…just sit there. 
“You miss him.” She never fails, does she?
I nodded. 
“Then what happened?” 
I shook my head and closed my eyes. 
She whispered comforting words. I felt a little better. But I didn’t open my eyes. 
“I didn’t really understand him. He had a lot going on…I didn’t even know him.” And I was hoping so much that she would let this conversation drop, but she pressed on.
“Let me guess, I was right about you totally liking him?” 
I gave her a disproving look, possibly hurtful as well. “Jana, please.”
She looked down at her lap, struggling to take her backpack off. “Want to hear about the misadventures here, without you?”
“Misadventures?”
“Dottie, everyone’s been a mess with you gone. You don’t think we care about you?”
No, I knew they would care for me—just as I would care for them in reversed roles. Janaki put her backpack in front of her. She motioned for me to move over a bit so she could lay out whatever she wanted to show me. I sat up, leaning against the headboard. 
“So, Kade really wanted to see you at the hospital,” she started off. 
I was curious. “Why didn’t he?” 
She smiled mischievously. “Your parent’s wouldn’t let him.” I was about to open my mouth and say something, but she went on. “They didn’t want to complicate things. You were better at taking the news than I thought you would be. Well….” she gave me a once-over. I sat there wearing gym shorts from my school and a ratty gray t-shirt a size too big for me. Both were old and defiantly looked worn out, but that’s the glory of comfortable clothing. “Maybe you just hid your true emotions to explode them in your room.”
I gave a weak smile. “Poetic words.”
She continued to search in her bag. “Kade was kind of mad, like you were rejecting him yourself, which you weren’t because you were unconscious at the time.”
“Couldn’t you have said something?”
“I reassured him,” she noted, nodding. “Oh, and guess what?”
“What?” 
“I broke up with Jake.” She said.
I gasped. “No way.”
“M-hm.” She whipped out a notebook from her bag, opening it up to the first couple of pages. “We broke up on the day I decided I was going to go out and look for you.”
“Which was…?”
“The day before I was going to go look for you.”
“Which was…?”
She gave me this look of disbelief. “Three days ago, Dottie. And guess what, again.”
“I’m not good at guessing games.”
“My parents are no longer splitting up.”
My eyes widened. “That’s great, Janaki!”
“Yup. And it’s all thanks to you.”
“What did I do?”
“Well, I said I was going to run away to find you. If I didn’t go that wouldn’t have brought them together again. Couldn’t have done it without you.” She put the notebook on my lap. “Here.”
“What is it?” I asked, looking at her strangely. I turned my face to the notebook, which had endless words scrawled from page to page. 
“Letters between me and Jake.” She smirked and I almost gagged. 
“Why are you giving this to me?” As disgusted as I was, I let the book sit on my lap and didn’t fling it across the room.
“To make you be yourself again.” She scooted closer to me on the bed. “Come on,” she teased, “Read a couple of pages and tell me how stupid I really was.”
And so I did.
19. THERAPY

I walked into the small office. There was a body arched beneath the reception desk, fiddling with something under. A bunch of posters covered the wall, explaining the vast majority of psychological issues.
The therapist’s office was exactly what I thought it would be: dark, chilly, and narrow. I didn’t even want to be here—I was forced. Mom steered me towards the desk.
“Hello.” She greeted. 
“Just a second,” the person answered. Her blond hair covered her face as the she held a baby dressed in a pair of pink pajamas. She then cradled the baby in her right arm, using her left hand to brush the hair away from her eyes. 
No way. “Caroline?”
Her eyes met mine. “Dottie!? What! I’m so glad your okay!”
“You two know each other?” Mom asked, exchanging a glances between us. 
“Yeah,” I replied. “We met at Olive Garden. Except you used to be a waitress…?” I looked at her for an answer.
She nodded. “They let me go,” was her dull and plain response. 
“I’m so sorry,” I said. 
“Don’t be,” she said hastily. “They couldn’t handle a pregnant woman—well, at least not the manager. But it wasn’t just that.” She leaned forward. “To tell you the truth, I’m not a good waitress.”
“No.” I shook my head and smiled.
“Yeah.” She rocked the baby in her arms “Caught me red-handed nibbling off of some costumer’s plate. I was pregnant and hungry, you can’t stop me!” She giggled. 
“Caroline.” A wary and bored voice called from the room behind her. 
“Oh crap.” She whispered. “Sorry for taking up the precious time you need to talk with my mother.” She glanced at mom and pushed some papers towards her, “You need to sign these forms.” She gave her a pen. “If you want, you can sit and read them over.” She pointed her finger to the chairs in the corner. 
Mom nodded as she took the papers and sat down. 
“So you’re mom is my psychologist?” I said.
“Oh yeah. Totally,” she laughed. “Don’t let her intimidate you. She’s a real sweetheart underneath. Ever since I popped this one out last month,” she held the baby out to me a little, “she decided to let me work here.”
“Who was the original reception?” 
“My sister,” she said, “but she moved to New York for college and all.” She shook her head. “She’s back now. For Christmas.”
“Of course.” I said. 
Something buzzed on the desk and she said, “Doctor Daniels is ready for you now.” The baby cooed in her arms.
I walked into the backroom. It’s was just how I imagined it. A nice comfortable chair with a table and loveseat across from it. A large bookshelf filled with endless literature. A computer desk in corner. Yep. Average everyday office. 
I saw Dr. Daniels sitting in the yellow chair, a clip board in her hand. She had a mug of coffee in her other hand, taking a sip, and then setting it down on the table.
“Take a seat.” She stood up, motioning to the blue loveseat. “Would you like anything? Coffee? Water?”
I shook my head. “No thank you.” 
“Okay,” she said and sighed. Not because she was annoyed, more of a long, drawn out exhale she kept in. “You came back.” She stated.
I gave her a weird look. “I’m here, aren’t I?”
But she ignored that remark, fishing a pen out of her pocket, and clicking it ready. “Why don’t you tell me what happened from your point of view.”
I sat there in silence, watching her as she tapped the pen lightly on the clipboard. 
“Anything you want to say, Dorothy?” She asked.
A shape pain hit me in the pit of my stomach. I knew that wasn’t normal. “Please don’t call me that.” I mumbled quietly, realizing what I meant by saying that. “I mean,” I added quickly, “Most people just call me Dottie.”
“Fine. Dottie it is.” She said. “You are aware that your parents are very much convinced that you have Stockholm syndrome, right?”
“I know,” I said harshly. Her eyes widened as she heard my voice. She probably agreed with my parents—that I’m now messed up. That he must have done something. “I don’t have it.”
She looked weary now. Her eyes fading from the acknowledgement that I was stuck on my idea. Dr. Daniels didn’t say anything back to me for a while, which made me happy that I could at least shut her up for a little bit. I crossed my legs and arms, twisting my head to the right, testing her.
“All right,” she said firmly. “We’ll start with the first time you met him.”
“Wait…are you serious? I mean, isn’t this supposed to be about me or something?”
“It is about you,” she looked at me with her soft blue eyes. “But we are reconnecting with the fact that you might have Stockholm syndrome. That involves the kid.” I’m pretty sure that she knew his name, but maybe she could see how uncomfortable I was being when she mentioned ‘him’. “You want the time to move faster, just tell me everything.” She demanded, her eyes squinting fiercely. 
I sighed, defeated. But she was right—my parents sent me here for that. Even when I said I didn’t have it. But they were unconvinced. I was so stupid to say I would be going to his funeral. It was bad enough that I released Macy and Aaron from custody.

I was sitting at the table, drinking my hot chocolate. Mom put a dish of toast down, and dad finished cooking my egg, setting it in front of me. My sister was already halfway through her egg, reaching for a piece of buttered toast. 
I decided this was the right time to bring up my decision. I talked it over with Janaki; I could tell she was unsure about it, but she would never come between any of my plans unless it was dangerous thinking.
This wasn’t considered dangerous at all, just stupid. I mean really stupid to mention to my parents. There were already suspicious.
“On Friday, I’m going to go to a funeral.” I said, very uneasily. It was no help that I said it a bit vague, of course it’s obvious whose funeral it would be. I noticed my parent’s gawking at me. They were speechless—unbelieving what I just said to them. I picked up my fork and cut a piece of egg.
“Honey,” dad started. “I don’t think that’s such a good idea.” 
“You father’s right,” mom said hastily, taking out a carton of orange juice. “You shouldn’t go there.”
I dropped my fork. Glaring at them, “I’m not asking for your permission. I’m telling you that I’m going.”
Mom slammed the glass down she was pouring. “But we said no. And you’re acting ridiculous, Dottie.” She shook her head. “Do you even have the slightest clue to what you’re saying? It’s insane, that boy took you—held you captive.”
“But it’s not like he killed me!” I defended, “He even fed me—I mean….” I didn’t know what I meant exactly. I was trying to convince my parents like he was good. 
“And you going to visit his grave,” mom said, disappointed.
My face fell immensely. I didn’t think I was doing much of a bad thing. Sure, it didn’t make much sense in my position, but it was still supposed to be a good thing to pay respects to the dead. We all make mistakes. I thought people were to appreciate that I’d move on with my anger towards him—not think I should be angrier.
Especially not my family.
“He deserves to be forgiven,” I gritted my teeth, “And I forgive him.”

As you can see, that didn’t go very well. Dr. Daniels narrowed her eyes on me. She expected a response—cooperation. And maybe that was the thing to get everyone off my back. “I met him during high school.” I recalled the memory so hazy. “That was the beginning of my freshmen year.”
“Did you talk to him then?” she said.
“No—not really.” I said. “I knew who he was though. Janaki talked to him sometimes.” 
“Who’s Janaki?”
“My friend,” I said. “She’s my best friend actually. She was friends with him in elementary school. They drifted, but still talked until, you know.”
 “Until he was said to have killed his friends.”
“That was all a bunch of lies.” I muttered. 
“Speak clearly please,” was all she said back. “Whether it was a lie or not, he drew himself away from people.”
I nodded. 
“So why the sudden interest in you?”
I looked down to my feet. Even if he told me everything, I still couldn’t understand him. “I don’t know!” I said, irritated. “He wouldn’t tell me.”
And Dr. Daniels could see right through me. “That is a lie in itself. You know why.”
“Not…exactly.” I folded my hands over and over again. “I mean, he told me. But I just don’t get it.”
“What did he tell you, Dottie?” Her tone was strict and cautious.
“That I was better—I was normal.” I said in truth. “And he explained it was because I was smart. Different—in a better sense.” I tried to make it clear, but I could see by her face that it wasn’t coming together for her. “See, I told you I don’t get it.”
“If you don’t get it,” she said, “Then I’ll explain the obvious—the boy liked you.”
“Yeah,” I agreed, rubbing my arm. “I guess that was pretty obvious.”
She wrote something down on her clipboard, while asking, “And you liked him too?”
“No….” I said too quickly. She looked expected at me, “I mean, not exactly at first.”
“You didn’t like him when he kidnapped you.” She said, pointing her pen at me. “But you’re here because your parents are worried about your affection towards him.”
“I told them I forgave him.” I said.
She took a slight pause before saying, “No, no. It’s more than that—much more.”
“What? You think I’m lying to you?” This doctor really had it out for me. “Because—”
“You are holding something back.” She noted. “You can’t expect me to think throughout that whole month nothing happened.”
She gave me a cold stare. I watched movies about these therapists—I thought they were supposed to be nice and quirky. To help you with your problems, but not push you. I didn’t think Dr. Daniels took this to heart. “You’re not like all the other therapists.” I said.
“I’m glad you noticed, Dottie.” She said slyly. “I take my job very seriously. I’m not going to let you sit here for a whopping 45 minutes doing and saying nothing. Your parents expect results; I’ll give it to them.”
“You’re going to tell them everything?” I winced. 
“I’m not allowed to say anything to them. I’m only allowed to help you and them, no information exchange necessary.” 
“Fine.” I whispered. “I’ll tell you.”
And so I did. I told her everything. From the beginning when we were casted as partners. Then when I witnessed him being bullied. To the part where I invited him to Kristen’s party because I felt absolutely bad that the leader of the bullying was Kade (further explaining that Kade was my boyfriend). At the party when I got drunk. Then when I woke up in Eric’s closet. I told her about his mom, and friends, and his cousin. Maybe I even threw in Frankie, just because. 
When I finally got to the part where we kissed, I stopped. She spoke up quickly, “Are you done, because I don’t think you are.”
“Then you already know what’s next,” I taunted, stretching my arms after the long speech. 
“Did you and him….” she hesitated. “Ever get in physical contact with each other? And I don’t mean touching, more like sexually involved.”
Had sex? Memories came flooding into my head. I only remember Shannon stopping us before we got too far. I shifted my feet and rushed my fingers through my hair. Obvious signs of insecurity, I knew.
“No we didn’t. We just kissed.” I had her attention again. She looked up at me from her board. 
“So you two did have something.”
“You did mention that he liked me. And, given the situation, I liked him too. Shannon explained to me—”
“And this Shannon character,” Dr. Daniels interrupted, “what’s her story?” 
“She’s one of Eric’s best friends,” I said. “She and Eric had a history. They tricked me, saying that they were going out, but then she told me when we were alone that Eric just wanted me to get jealous.”
“Because he liked you,” was again her stealthy conclusion. She leaned towards me, and I leaned towards her as well. 
“Because he liked me.” I repeated.

“So she made you say everything?” Janaki threw a brown rock in the lake. It reached to a duck the duck swam fervently away as soon as it heard the plop. I grabbed a gray rock and tossed it in the lake as well, not reaching her distance. 
“She played me, using her psychology,” I said, furrowing my eyebrows. “I just rolled with it.” 
We were at the horse stables, checking on Lacey. It was practically deserted—Jeremy was on a date with Autumn, Janaki so kindly informed me. Pretty decent matchmaker if I do say so myself.
Tomorrow was the funeral. I have no idea if my parents approve now. Dr. Daniels told me she’d talk it over with them after the session. They never mentioned it, but I was going either way. I kept wondering what she said to me. 
“Jana,” I hesitated. “Do you think I have Stockholm syndrome?” 
She took a small pause before saying, “No.”
“No?” I said.
She shook her head. “You know when I used to tease you about crushing on him?” I nodded. “Well, Dottie,” She put her right hand on her chest, “I can read you easily. You were liking him before the whole mess. You were curious. And it may be the wrong time to say it,” she added with a dark sense of humor, “but curiosity did kill the cat.”
“I didn’t think I threw myself at him.”
“No,” she dropped her hand, “Of course not! You were faithful to Kade, as a good girlfriend should be. But you liked him and wanted to get to know him better. You were attracted to him.” She shrugged. “If you managed to hang out with him in a normal setting, you might have fallen for him. He distanced himself though, you fell for him all the same.” She looked at me. “I mean, aren’t I right?”
I sighed, aggravated by everyone perfectly understanding all my motives. Who was the real criminal here? “Yeah.”
“You’re putting me in a weird place,” she said. “You’re making me feel bad for him.”
“You should,” I said. “Everyone makes mistakes after all.” She frowned. Of course she wouldn’t understand. Maybe I should have thought about that twice before I asked her to go to the funeral with me, for moral support. Probably not something I should have suggested, but I haven’t been able to think straight lately.
She didn’t answer me, it was better than a flat out no.
“Dottie?” I knew that voice. It was Kade. I swiveled my view back to watch him walk towards us. He had his hands in his jacket; blonde hair slightly over his eyes and the little hairs on his chin was an instigator that he hasn’t been on top of his physical hygiene. Janaki stood up from the grass, wiping the dirt off of her pants. 
“I’m going to go check on Lacey.” She smiled, exchanging a glance from me to Kade. “Meet you in a little bit.” 
This was going to be awkward. I definitely wasn’t ready to talk to him yet, but I couldn’t avoid him any longer. He cleared his throat and sat down in Janaki’s spot. I gulped. 
“Hi Kade,” I said, keeping my gaze on the lake. 
From the corner of my eye, I could see him nod curtly, “Hi Dottie.” We sat in silence for a couple of seconds before he added, “How are you doing?”
“Fine,” I answered. “How about you?”
“I’m doing well.” He’s doing well? That’s all I get? And that’s all we’re giving to each other now? Business-like greetings. “Listen—”
“It’s okay if you want to break up with me,” I said fast. “I totally understand.” Actually, I was hoping he would break up with me. Ever since I kissed him, I’ve been willing to drop Kade in a heartbeat. Awful, disgusting, and selfish—I knew. That’s why I was hoping he’d dump me first. 
“I don’t want to break up with you,” he said. I glanced at him, trying to see in his eyes if he actually meant that. It was true, the sincerity covering his face. I felt terrible. 
I looked back at the lake. “You’d be doing yourself a favor if you did.” 
“You don’t mean that.”
“I do. I’m a shitty girlfriend. Kristen’s better suited for you.”
“No she isn’t.” Kade shrugged a lame arm around my shoulders. I let him stay there. 
I shook my head. I couldn’t let him do this to himself. “How can you say that? You were with her before you were with me. She held your interest once before. Who says she can’t do that again?”
“Because I know her. She’s a great friend, but just isn’t my type.”
“She’s everyone’s type,” I said. He squeezed my arm, and I leaned my head against his shoulder.
I realized how stupid I was being. Kade was an amazing boyfriend and friend. He was there when I needed him to be, but sometimes he didn’t get it. Sometimes he made mistakes. But we’re human, aren’t we? 
I also took note of how Kade felt about Kristen—it was how I felt about Kade. I came to a conclusion that Kade wasn’t really my type—a guy I’d want to spend with my whole entire life with. He was just my boyfriend—someone I spent my last year in high school with, worrying about how good I looked in his eyes. A preparation for some sort of future. Kade knew, that’s why he was saying this to me. 
We had this time together now, without confusing thoughts meddling in our heads. In that moment, we were in absolute bliss. 
20. FUNERAL

I always wondered why you had to wear black at a funeral. I know it’s the color of sadness, remorse, and…well more sadness. But I didn’t believe in that. Sadness could be any color, depending on one’s perspective of it. Black to me wasn’t sadness, it was a void straight into nothingness.
I decided to wear a black t-shirt and black sweatpants (super inappropriate but I had nothing else in black). I touched my window to check the temperature. I needed a jacket. I looked through my closet for something in black when my phone rang, suddenly jolting me upward.
I saw the name and breathed with relief. “Hello.”
“Are you ready? Or do you need more time?” Aaron said. 
“I need a jacket.” I said, opening my dresser draw. None of my jackets were here. It was strange. “I might need another minute too.” I walked down stairs to the laundry room, going through my hamper, figuring maybe I had one there. “You got a jacket?”
“No.”
I looked through one of the bins, finding a black jacket—his jacket. I dropped the phone in the bin, grabbing the jacket with both of my hands. 
It was THE jacket! I hugged it, taking in the smell of finished laundry. But nothing—nothing could extinct the scent of him.
“Dottie, honey?”
It was dad. And I thought I could get away with a lie to tell dad, but mom right by his side. She stood, holding dad’s waist as if a creature stood there before her—like I was beyond her control now. She had this panic-stricken look on her face. Dad couldn’t tell what was wrong with the picture, but mom understood perfectly.
She was losing me to some dead guy. That was all I could see in her face.
“I needed a jacket.” I said, awkwardly holding it out to show them. Aaron’s voice was coming through my phone and I held up my index finger to them, reaching in the bin to retrieve it. “I’m gonna have to call you back.” I said and clicked the ‘end’ button before Aaron could say any more. 
“Dottie,” mom said my name with such pain in her voice. “We just wanted to tell you….” But she didn’t finish. Her voice shrunk—she shrunk, and I felt absolutely terrible. She wouldn’t understand this—she didn’t want to. To watch this—knowing only insane people would do this. Anyone else, really. Anyone besides me.
I put the jacket under my arm and walked past them. They wouldn’t stop me—they wanted to, but they wouldn’t. Maybe that was something Dr. Daniels said. She probably said to leave me be. She said this was something I must do to get closure.
“Thank you, Dr. Daniels,” I muttered under my breath. I pushed my door open and put the jacket on. Still awkwardly long. I smiled, putting the sleeves up to my face.
“Wow. That’s like the first smile I’ve seen in a while.” Emily stood at my doorway, hands crossed, her eyes staring. 
I stared back at her, taking a slight pause before saying, “You know you’re pretty sneaky for a seven-year-old.” I turned to my mirror next to the door and brushed my fingers through my hair. 
“But I’m pretty smart to know that this must be a dumb thing you’re doing,” she shrugged.
“Listen, Em. Now’s not really the time to talk to me about how dumb I may be.” I finished touching up my hair in the mirror and turned to her.
She squinted up at me, her face looking pained like mom’s. “What happened to you?”
“Nothing happened,” I said harshly. “In fact, what happened to you? Sometimes it’s hard to forgive, but—” my phone buzzed on my bed. I rushed over to it and read Aaron’s message. “I have to go.”
“Don’t do it.” She said. “I mean…just don’t go. Stay with us! It’s Christmas morning, Dor. It’s your job to spend time with us. We thought we lost you! And now you’re leaving again.”
“I’m coming back—”
“That’s not the point.” She shook her head, her eyes getting watery. “We lost you to this guy once, we don’t want to lose you to him again! And by leaving on a day like this….you’re choosing him over us! Dor please?” Her pleading gnawed at my ear, I’d be hearing it all day.
I took a moment to process this. If I leave now my family would lose hope. If I don’t go…I’ll feel like I betrayed someone I love. Neither was a win/win situation, but I knew which one would forgive me, and which one I’ll never hear words from ever again. 
I kissed Emily on the cheek as a small tear rolled down it. I grabbed my purse and stuffed my phone inside. As I was walking out of my room, I shouted back, “And you’re pretty smart for a seven-year-old.” These words would not make up for anything. But as long as she knew, I was okay.
I left through the front door, passing my parents again. I closed the door quietly behind me. Aaron was waiting in a rusty red mustang, waving slightly at me as I went closer. He told me the car belonged to his dad, he had it in the meantime. Once I was in, he stifled a yawn and started up his car.
“Thanks for picking me up,” I said.
He kept his eyes on the road. “No problem.” He turned the wheel in a slow motion, as we kept quiet in the ride. I pulled up my sleeves, fidgeting in my seat. I thought that it was funny that the cold doesn’t bother me much anymore. I mean, I can feel it—but it’s just cold. I didn’t feel uncomfortable about it now.
“How are you?” Aaron finally said when we stopped at a red light. 
I shrugged. “How is a girl supposed to be after her boyfriend died?”
“You can’t say his name, can you?” Aaron said, ignoring my answer, only reading into the ‘boyfriend’ part. I bet he thought I was being childish. “Eric, Dottie. Eric Grant.” He pushed the gas pedal down as it changed to green. 
“Fine,” I said. “You don’t have to be an asshole.” I sunk in my seat. 
“But you obviously don’t want to admit it. Admit the truth. I mean, by saying the name—”
“Oh stop it!” I yelled and put my hands over my ears as a child would if he or she didn’t want to lose a fight concerning words. “I’ve had it up to here—” I put my hand up to the roof of the car “—with everyone being disappointed at me! What am I suppose to do? Be a fake and let them all think that I’m truly happy and okay and resolved with everything? I’m not, Aaron. And now you’re ranting on about how I can’t face the truth when I’ve been facing it head-on since I came back.
“The least you could do is give me this—not say his name for a little while.”
“Say his name then.”
I didn’t understand. “What?”
“Well Dottie,” a small smile tugged at his lips. “You gave your little rant and I fully get it. Really,” his tilted his head, “I do. But we’re headed to Eric’s funeral right now, and his name’s going to be on the tombstone and whatnot. And the least you can to for him is to say his name.” He looked at me sharply. “Again, the least you can do.”
He had a point.
I hate Aaron and his arrogance. What a jerk. What a stupid, dumb guy. I took a deep breath and said, “Eric.”
“Was that so hard?”
“Very.” I said.

I wasn’t amazed at all that we arrived early at the church. Aaron didn’t exactly know what time it started. We sat at this little bench under a large hovering oak tree. I wrapped my arms around myself as he did the same. It wasn’t supposed to snow today, but it clearly appeared to be. 
There’s a cemetery behind the church that gave me a chill. Just imagining people praising and worshiping inside and the dead just being dead on the outside. Maybe it’s a Catholic thing. Doesn’t anyone else feel uncomfortable having a cemetery so close to a place of worship? 
Eric was next in the burial list. His tombstone and hole made waiting patiently for the casket. This was sick thinking, why am I torturing myself? 
“Aaron, sweetie!” Macy called out from behind. I turned my head, and she noticed me. “Ah, I thought that was you, Dora dear. Or is it Dottie?” Her forehead creased up as she came closer. 
“Yes, Mrs. Grant.” I smiled sympathetically. 
“I’m so glad you came,” she wrapped her arms around me. “I never got to thank you about releasing me and Aaron. Did Aaron thank you?”
“I did.” Aaron grumbled while she hugged him as well. “Is anyone else coming?” 
“Well…yes, in a way. I mean his father will be here. And other relatives like Nana and Papa along with your uncles and aunts. It’s Christmas day after all. I can’t expect all of them to come out here in just a short notice. Plus all the snow…it’d be hard to get a flight anywhere at this time.”
His father? I didn’t know his father was still alive. I figured he might have died or something. I never asked. 
“They’ll be here.” She continued, spotting someone in the distance. “Ah! There’s the priest. I’ll see you guys in a little while.” She patted my shoulder and left.
“She seems okay.” I acknowledged. 
“She keeps up a good front,” Aaron said.
I looked at him. “I never asked how you were doing.”
He shook his head. “I’m okay too, I guess.”
Another lie. “What’s wrong?”
“You know, I always thought we had time,” he said quietly. “I was never really close and I thought that could change when we were both grown up and stuff. I guess not anymore.” 
I nodded. I thought I had time with him too. We probably were the ones that had all the time in the world. 
A car pulled up in the distance and I instantly knew it was Shannon, Carter, and Travis.  
“Hey.” Shannon said, waving.
“What is up?” Travis said.
Cater only bobbed his head at us. 
“Hey you guys,” I said and Aaron waved. Shannon sat down in the gap between me and Aaron. 
“It’s freezing cold, isn’t it?” she said, tossing her head back. “I didn’t know what to wear. I’m not too big on the color black.” I saw that she had on black skinny jeans and a large black t-shirt hidden behind her pink sweater. “I borrowed the t-shirt from Travis,” she said.
I tried to hide my smirk. She added in a low serious voice, “Not that we were doing anything.” 
“Oh, of course.” I whispered back. I know that they weren’t doing anything, but then again, I thought Jake and Janaki weren’t dating. 
“Sorry that I doubted you for your magical powers, Dottie.” She said.
I furrowed my eyebrows. “What are you talking about?”
“I’m talking about bailing Aaron and Macy out,” she exclaimed. “I guess thinking you were insane wasn’t a second thought to the higher power.”
“Oh no.” I stuffed my cold hands in my pockets. “They totally thought I was insane. But you can’t pass up on a favor when the victim requests it.”

I’ve never been to a funeral before, so I couldn’t possibly compare how normal funerals go down. Once everyone that could make it showed up, the priest began the sermons and prayers. I stared at the coffin from my seat.
It was really hard to concentrate and it wasn’t just about Eric. When everyone arrived, they gave me one glance and recognized me as the girl he kidnapped. I couldn’t ignore their obvious stares and whispers when I walked past them. 
Aaron helped though. He took my hand into his and we headed in the first row of pews. As soon as we sat down, Shannon popped out of nowhere with Travis and Carter. They sat beside us, whispering silently about the church and other things that I didn’t bother filling in on. 
As the priest rambled on in one of his sermons, something he said caught my attention. 
“Everyone sins. It’s the fact of life.” He stated. “So therefore, no one should look down upon someone who has done something wrong in his or her life. All we can do is look up and pray. Pray for his spirit and pray for the others who have yet to forgive.” He glanced at me for a short moment, before continuing.
I have forgiven Eric. I forgave him even before his death. I forgave him when we shared our first kiss. I think I even forgave him when I first woke up in his closet. I knew that he had a reason, that maybe he was lonely or afraid. People hated him and he kept letting that control his life.
He needed someone and he chose me. It sounds right, but it looks wrong.

I found Eric’s father sitting in the pews after the funeral services were complete. Aaron pointed him out to me and told me Eric hasn’t seen his father in years. I told Aaron to go ahead as he left with the rest of Eric’s crew. 
His father had his hands folded on the backside of his neck. His head was down and he sat still for a while. He had black hair like Eric’s. The only resemblance for the moment.
I awkwardly sat down next to him, folding my hands to appear like I’m praying. 
“I know who you are,” he said softly, kind of like the cool voice Eric had. “He kidnapped you.”
I nodded nervously. I noticed that he didn’t turn his head to me at all, he stayed facing the floor. “Yes.”
“I wasn’t around for him and I regret that.” He looked up at me, and I took a peak as his sharp, gray eyes. His face shared similar features as his son. 
I blinked. “Why are you telling me?”
“You’ve been more close to him in these last couple of days. I’m just wondering…would he forgive me?”
I took a long pause, mulling over the idea. Eric asked my forgiveness and I forgave him, but this could be considered an unforgivable situation. Eric would hold a grudge if it was that bad, and leaving your wife and child is exactly that. 
“I don’t think he could ever forgive me for leaving him and his mom alone. I know. He’s all about everything being fair,” he smiled apathetically.
I looked to the middle of the church. A statue of Jesus lying on the cross looking quite solemn. 
“Tell you what,” I said quickly. “When the time comes, you’ll know. But right now, why don’t you ask forgiveness by the person who still lives on.”
Which in other words would be translated by saying: “Go say sorry to Macy.”
He stood up abruptly, holding out his hand to help me up. “It’s too bad things had to end this way—for all of us.”

The funeral was over. Macy invited us to the breakfast at her house, but I declined the offer, not thinking twice about my ride. 
I looked at Aaron after Macy went to gather everyone else. “You can go—I’ll walk home. It’s not that far.” We were standing at Eric’s grave, and I couldn’t take my eyes off of the tombstone.
He laughed. “Yeah right. It’s okay. I can see Aunt Macy anytime I want.” I was expecting him to say something else, but it’s like he held back in midsentence. He fiddled in his pocket for something, cursing under his breath. 
After a while I was annoyed. “What’s wrong?” I said impatiently. 
“I uh,” he stood up, shaking his hand in his jacket, “think I lost my keys.” 
“You think?”
His eyes widened. “I did.” 
“You had to pick the worst possible time to lose them!” I spread my arms out wide, signifying the ground covered in snow. “I mean…you couldn’t find anything in this wreak!”
“It could be in the church,” he argued. 
“Hey ya guys!” A slurred voice shouted across the field. At first I was terrified that it was some sort of zombie coming out of the ground. Although I didn’t think zombies talk. I also didn’t believe in the dead coming back to life. 
Shannon was next to us in an instant, carrying a large bottle of beer. She chugged it down as she wobbled around. Travis and Carter followed after, huffing like she was hard to keep up with. I noticed keys in her hand. “Oh Shannon,” I whined, “Are you—” 
“Dammit! Is she drunk!?” Aaron was looking from the drink to the keys in her hands. 
She gave him a sly, arrogant look. “I am NOT drunk,” she snorted, “I am merely intoxicated.” 
“That’s the same thing!” Aaron blurted, but she ignored him.
“Thanks Mr. Reed,” Shannon giggled with a hiccup, “for providing this wonderful alcohol.” The bottle tittered in her hand clumsily. “And what a great funeral!” She laughed. 
“Shannon,” he said sternly. “Why the hell did you steal my keys and beer! That needed to be delivered to the frat parties. How much did you drink?”
She had a blank look on her face and shrugged. “I don’t know.”
“Your underage,” he pointed out. 
“Oh, screw that! Why are you giving me a lecture when you’re only nineteen?” She teased. 
“Shannon,” Travis said quietly. “Maybe we should take you home.”
“No. NO.” She shouted, turning herself around to face Eric’s tombstone. “God, we came to Eric’s funeral to hang out with him one last time. I’m not going,” she slurred, “until I’ve said my words.” She kneeled and put her hand on each side of the tombstone, bowing her head.
Everyone fell silent, waiting for Shannon to start her speech. 
“Eric,” she paused, “We knew each other ever since we were practically thinking. And you were the first interesting person in my world. Without you, I probably wouldn’t be what I am today.
“And sure, you make some wrong decisions in life,” she blinked up at me for a moment, “I don’t think you should be damned to hell for it.
“So I’m going to pray. I’m going to pray for you every goddamn morning, and pray for you every goddamn night. I want you to spend the rest of eternity happy and I really hope to see you on the flip side.” She finished. 
For a while, nobody responded. But then Shannon spoke up, back in her slurred voice. “I mean ya left to soon. Dottie over here,” she pointed back at me, “didn’t even get a chance to have sex with you.” My eyes widened. She turned to me with a shrug. “We’ll never know if Eric was really good or not. We both know Eric was a great kisser. That must signify something!”
I said nothing. 
“I hope you didn’t do it,” she wagged her finger at me, then wagged her finger at the grave, “because we had a deal Eric!” 
“Okay Shannon.” Travis went to her side. “I really think it’s time for us to go.”
Carter rushed to her other side to grab her arm. Shannon wasn’t really helping. “Come on,” Carter’s teeth chattered. “We need to go meet up with Gloria.”
“No.”  She said stubbornly, forcing herself down on the ground. Travis yanked at her arm hard.
“We’re not playing,” Travis said. “Now c’mon.”
Shannon took a gander at Travis, her eyes taking him in with such a complex expression. Then she pulled him down, putting her arm around his neck, and giving him a full kiss on the lips. 
“Aha! Knew it.” I said as Travis and Shannon broke apart to give me a daze look. 
 “Yes Dottie,” Shannon laughed. “We’re dating! YOU HEAR THAT WORLD,” she yelled to the sky, “TRAVIS WHITE AND SHANNON VERMONT ARE ACTUALLY GOING OUT! THAT’S RIGHT!” She kept laughing as Travis and Carter held her by her waist, the three fading in the distance. 
21. RESOLUTION

“Shannon’s wasted.” Aaron said.
I agreed. “I think that’s probably the best term for the state Shannon is currently in.” I tried to smile but it was kinda hard for me to considering the circumstances. Then again, I bet it’s even harder when your best friend since daycare is dead which is why I completely understood the reason behind Shannon getting herself drunk. She tried to get away feeling nothing—but no one can win with a good feeling tonight.
“It’s my entire fault,” I said. I’ve been thinking that a lot lately, probably been yelling it in my sleep. Mom would always give me this sad, worried expression. Dad wouldn’t look me in the eyes at breakfast, but I could see him so clearly fidgeting like he was contemplating what exactly he should say to me. I knew they wanted to reach out, but were afraid I’d pull back. 
And my sister—she gave me frequent looks like I came back from the dead. She never annoyed me the way she used to. 
“Stop it Dottie. It’s my fault.” I glanced over to see Aaron glare at me, sucking his breath. “I was driving the car.”
But I shook my head. “That doesn’t matter. I demanded we’d go.”
“What? To save your friend? Yeah, because that’s such a criminal thing to do.” His eyes still glazing over me, as if he could not believe what I was saying. “And anyway, if Eric—” I winced, “—were here, he would blame himself. After all, what did happen at that party?” He was close to me now, grabbing my wrists, pretty much shaking some sense into me. 
I looked away from him, at the ground. “I need to be alone,” I said.
He dropped my hands and nodded thoughtfully. “Sure.” He turned and walked to the outside of the cemetery. 
I sat down in the same spot as Shannon did minutes ago. I just stared at his grave, not moving, not talking, and not even thinking. Time went by, I could feel it. But I didn’t know for sure. All I did was sit.
It didn’t take a while for my thoughts to find me though. I thought of how I would never see him again. Never see his soft smile, or hear his wonderful voice. I would never get to taste his lips again, or feel the warmth of his neck. Eric would never walk on this earth anymore. That wasn’t fair to me and that wasn’t fair to him.
I snapped back when I saw a body walking across a couple of graves ahead of me. I immediately knew it was a girl—she wore a polka-dotted pink dress. A ribbon tied her dark red hair, and a white sweater kept her warm. I thought of her as insane for wearing a dress in this kind of weather. 
She went towards me, and I shifted to move out of her way, hoping that she was going to pass me while heading to another grave. She seemed to be doing just that, but when she saw me, she stopped.
And I recognized her.
“Autumn?” I said, my voice was a little horse.
Her eyes widened. She seemed surprise that I was addressing her “Dottie? Hi.” And I noticed that she had a bouquet of pink flowers in her hand.
“Are you visiting Eric?” I asked foolishly. I didn’t know if Eric ever talked with Autumn, but they could have been friends.
“Oh no.” She shook her head, taking notice of the grave that I sat in. And for some reason, a tear suddenly came out of my eye. I didn’t know anything was building up in there, to be honest. I turned my head away from her, wiping my tear with his sleeve. Maybe I should give the jacket back—it wasn’t mine anyway. But then, what would Macy do with Eric’s old clothes?
Autumn sat down next to me, carefully putting the flowers in her lap. She extended her arms to her back, leaning against the palms of her hands. Her legs spread out, and I suddenly wanted to know the reason behind why she wasn’t wearing any pants. “Aren’t you cold?”
 She shrugged. “I grew up in Alaska. I suffered much worse than this.” 
“So…then who are the flowers for?” I gazed at them for a second.
She looked at me, hard. “My mother.”
“Oh,” I was taken aback. But then, I let myself fall into that trap. Since I was there, I might as well let myself get deeper. “When did she die?”
“She died when I was seven,” she said, “her boyfriend killed her.”
“What?” I asked, my eyes bulging out.
She face was blank. “Oh, right. Your parent’s are all sweet and together? My parents… were having problems in their marriage. She was having an affair with one of her co-workers—he wasn’t right in the head. It was hard for her… she wanted to go back to the way things were—to fix her and my father’s relationship—but once the guy heard, he couldn’t take it.
“So he killed her and then shot himself in the head. All because he wanted her to be with him forever. Things never work out though.”
“I’m really sorry,” I whispered.
“Don’t be. It happened a long time ago. I’m sorry about your lost,” she said. “I can tell you really loved him.” 
“You know,” I started slowly, “you’re the first person to apologize for my lost.”
“Well,” she wrinkled her noise in that cute exaggerated way, “I didn’t know much about Eric, but I could tell easily he wouldn’t force you to love or follow him.”
I nodded.
“Then again, I remembered my mom falling for the co-worker because he treated me so kindly when my dad wasn’t there.” She turned her head to me. “Dottie, why didn’t you run when you were given a chance?”
I was like she was watching me through all of the times I had that window of opportunity. I already knew I didn’t want to. “I guess I liked him too.” She pulled out a flower from her bunch and stuck it right on the tombstone.
“Hmm. It’s always the amazing ones that die, isn’t it?” She mused.
I couldn’t have agreed more.

After Aaron dropped me off, I noticed the unopened presents waiting under our Christmas tree. My parents and sister were sitting at the kitchen table drinking hot coco that mom made every Christmas.
They dropped what they were doing when they heard me shuffle in.
“Dorothy.” Mom was hesitant. I remembered that I told her to just call me Dottie when I got back home from the hospital. Maybe she just forgot. Or maybe she doesn’t want me to hate my own name because of him. 
I pulled out a chair and sat down. I decided that I should try to understand the perspective my family had on these events. They thought they were losing me. But they weren’t.
I wanted them to know. “Mom, can I have some coco?”
As if—suddenly—everyone my family knew and loved came back from the dead, or so that’s what I read on their faces. 

Dr. Daniels room was the same as it was two weeks ago when I first came here. Not that I was expecting a big drastic change or anything. 
This was like my second (and most likely last) visit here. Like a regular doctor, she was coming back with the test result. We would finally understand what is wrong with Dorothy Fane. Maybe.
“So Dottie, your parents told me that you went to his funeral on Christmas day.”
“Yes, I did.”
“Who did you go with?”
“Aaron.”
“Who’s Aaron?”
I sighed, annoyed. The questions she asked were so simple yet could go on forever. “He’s Eric’s cousin.”
“Ah, yes,” she said, leaning back on her chair. “I remember him, such a character.” Dr. Daniels always refers everyone to “characters” which pretty much gave away how she viewed people. It was like we were all just a character in a story to her. It made it easy to figure us out, like everyone could be understood when the plot of visible. She was quite cynical that way.
“How do you feel about Aaron?”
What? That’s what she’s asking now? “He’s okay, I guess.” I shrugged. I never thought about Aaron that much. I mean, he has been real sweet to me after his’s death. Of course, rather inconsiderate too, but he meant well. After all, I wouldn’t get over little minor details that reminded me of…Eric, if Aaron hadn’t pushed me to.
“What about Eric’s friends? Did they go?”
“Yes.” I nodded. “Of course.” I didn’t include the part where Shannon got drunk though. I pulled out my bag. “Aaron gave me something after the funeral. It belonged to Eric.”
“What is it?” She asked.
I took out the red notebook. I haven’t touched it since Aaron handed it to me because I didn’t know if I could handle it or not. I wanted to tell her because maybe she would know what I should do with it. “Eric wrote in it.” I pushed the notebook into her hands and nodded.
She opened it up to the first page, peering behind her glasses, expressing no indication on what she was feeling. After a minute, she flipped to the next page, and then flipped some more. I sat patiently waiting for the results. And then she finally closed it, looking up at me.
“Dottie,” she began slowly, “these letters are for you.”
So that’s what Aaron meant, I thought.
She skimmed it over a bit more and then handed it back to me, “I think it’d be best for you to read it. He obviously wanted to let you know about some things.”
I looked down to my feet, moving them back and forth silently.
“Dottie, I have come to a conclusion. I mean, you were really in love with him—”
“I know.” I said. 
“Moreover to the point where you really did not care much about the whole situation. Am I correct?”
Hit the bull’s-eye. So I said, “Yes.”
“Your mind is your own—no one pushed you towards any one idea.”
Okay. “Where are you getting at?”
She put her head back, rubbing her temples. “I do not believe that you insane, in any way. There is nothing wrong with you in fact, I’m beginning to wonder why you’re mother sent you to me. You don’t seem to be much different from your normal self. I heard you are connecting with your family again, right?” She snapped her head back to me.
“Yes.”
“Then it’s just the average feeling of losing someone. Everyone who has ever lost anyone important in their life finds it hard to reconnect. They need to be alone, to think things over. And you have.”
“So then?”
“I know from another point of view, it can be the obvious case of Stockholm syndrome. Of course, people will still think that. But I know you think the opposite, and I agree with you—to a certain degree.”
“You still think it’s Stockholm syndrome?”
“Dottie, I believe that it somehow could be, but it’s not.”
I furrowed my brows. “You’re not making any sense.”
“I know.” She said, smiling. 
I thought if over a second and then I smiled too.

I stared at that red notebook for a long time. I wanted to read it, so much, but I couldn’t bring myself to. It was absolutely impossible for me to grasp it in my hands and open it. It was like there was a barrier stopping me from being able to hold it.
I finally opened the notebook, reading the first page again. And then I flipped to the second page: 

Dear Dorothy, 
I see you here. You've really fallen for my dog, haven't you? I wish I could really say what I'm doing, but even I don't understand myself. I really tried to keep distance from everyone, but then you were there, just way too sweet. I don't like Kade, as you can see. I thought you deserved better. 

That was the first entry. I skipped to more random entries. 

Dear Dorothy,
I came home and heard you and Frankie asleep. I opened the closet quietly, but Frankie jumped up on me. You still slept, very peaceful in fact. I didn't want to wake you. Just watching you made me wonder how miserable you have it now. I'm gonna try to be nice, only if you'd cooperate some. Please?

Dear Dorothy,
I let you sleep on my bed because I realize how terrible it is to sleep on the floor. I'm sorry about that. I'm not going to lie, I overheard you and Robert talking (so did Shannon) about what is happening. I decided then and there that I must tell you why. I promise to. Even when I don't get it much myself either.

I went to the very last entry. I didn’t think I could have read all of them, and I sure as hell didn’t want to read the last entry because it was the same day that we left to Janaki’s. But I had to, for him at least.

Dear Dorothy,
I seriously hate myself for doing this, but I have to. I realize that I have to turn myself in. I'm a mess and I'm taking you down with me, but I don't want to anymore. I want you to be free—you need to go back to your life. I needed you and you did everything you could. You helped me and I’m so grateful for that.
I'm in love with you, Dorothy Fane.

The last line made me stay up all night and cry. 

“But I wanted to go to the ranch today!” Emily whined, crossing her arm while huffing and sighing to dramatically express her disappointment. We were in my car driving to Janaki’s house. 
“We are going to the park Em,” I said, again. “Brian is coming and if you don’t shut up we may never go to the ranch again.”
“Humph.” She final left it at that.
I pulled into Janaki’s house, noticing Janaki, Jeremy, Autumn, and Brian gathered at the front porch. Way too many people for my car. Now what?
Janaki came to my side so I rolled down my window and started to tell her that I definitely didn’t have enough room, but she cut me off. “Hold that thought—my mom said it’s okay to take her SUV.”
“That’s a first,” I said, getting out of my car. I grabbed my purse and phone along the way. Emily unbuckled her seatbelt and followed my lead. 
“I know, right. She’s like, ‘Oh, you’re going with Dottie? Just take my car then.’ It’s brilliant. I should use you as excuse to always get what I want.” She grinned. I laughed. Ever since the incident Mrs. Dutta made sure to keep me happy whenever I hung out with Janaki.
We got into the SUV and I offered to drive because I knew the park area quite well. Janaki sat in the passenger’s seat and leaned over to whisper something as everyone else piled in. “See the two lovers over there?” She didn’t point anywhere so I knew exactly whom she was talking about.
“Adorable,” I said, nodded to Jeremy and Autumn in my rearview mirror.
“Beautiful and sweet.” She agreed, then sighed longingly. “He’s like the sweetest boyfriend….” She trailed off.
Oh no. “Jana, don’t tell me—”
“I never really saw him like that.”
“Seriously? Now you notice him?”
Janaki glanced at me, confused. “What do you mean?”
I shook my head. “Just, don’t go off and do something stupid.”

“Janaki, Jeremy, and Autumn. Meet Shannon, Travis, Carter, and Aaron.” I took a long breath in. Boy, that was a lot to say.
Everyone exchanged nods and handshakes. 
“So,” Janaki awkwardly began. “You’re the group of people that—”
“Dottie’s been hanging out with, yes.” Shannon smiled, totally brushing over the whole ‘Eric’ thing. “And your Dottie’s friends that she failed to mention.” She turned her head to me, still keeping the smile.
“I—” 
“Shannon, I’m pretty sure Dottie had friends.” Travis said, coming to my defense. 
“Don’t feel so bad, she didn’t mention any of you either. Well besides Aaron.” Janaki said. 
“This is totally not awkward or anything,” Jeremy said as Autumn gave him a dirty look. 
They all looked at me. I just shrugged.
“Hmm….” Shannon tapped her index finger to her chin. “Let’s go through some rocks in the lake.”
Autumn’s eyes lit up. Brian and Emily cheered their agreement in unison.
We all waltzed down by the lake. I found the bench I sat with Shannon on the first day I came here. Aaron plopped himself next to me, and the others followed Shannon near the water.
“Your little sister is really cute,” he said. 
I slowly turned to him, saying, “She is. But don’t go hitting on her now.”
He laughed, “I’m invading her brain now, Dottie.” 
I shook my head slightly. “No. You’re right. She is cute.”
“So, how’ve you been?”
“Good. I think.”
Aaron fidgeted as he cleared his throat. “What are you going to do after high school?”
I let out a long sigh. I haven’t been thinking about college these days. My head was too wrapped up in my own personal grief to even care.
He nodded at my silent answer. “Well you should come to my college. It’s pretty awesome.”
“What? Home of the frat parties?”
He laughed. “That’s at every university.”
“Then it’s totally awesome because…?”
“Because I’ll be there.” And then he gave me this cheesy sympathetic smile. 
“I’ll think about it,” I said, which was the truth. I twirled my necklace, deciding whether or not what I wanted to do next.
“Eric gave that to you, right?” 
I nodded.
“Did ya open it?”
I shook my head.
“Can you?” I shook my head again. It’s a hard locket, so I didn’t even try after the first few attempts. “Let me.” He pushed my fingers away while fiddling with it, and after a few yanks, it gave in and opened up.
A little small silver object fell from it onto Aaron’s hand. 
“What is that?” I asked. 
He pulled it up to show me. The charm glistened in the sunlight. It was in the form of an emoticon. The one that goes like ‘:X’. I was amazed. It was either a mistake or an intention. 
Aaron grinned politely, “Looks like one of those faces you type.”
 “It’s pretty.” I shook my head in disbelief and opened my purse to grab the folded page from Eric’s notebook. 
Aaron glanced over it. “What’s that?”
“Eric wrote something,” I said softly. “For everyone.”
“A letter to everyone?” He said, dumbfounded. Then he grabbed the piece of paper from my hand, unwrapping it. He smoothed it out against his leg and then looked at me.
“Everyone,” he shouted, “get your asses over here!”
“But we didn’t bring any donkeys, Aaron,” Shannon said as a grin spread across her face. 
He rolled his eyes. “Listen, Eric wrote something. You guys might wanna hear?”
Shannon’s face went all serious. “Go on.”
“Okay.” Aaron cleared his throat, glancing at me to give him the ‘okay’ signal.
“‘If I had to sell my soul to the devil to save you guys, I would because you saved me countless times, even when I tried to push away. And sometimes it was a little too hard to save me because I didn’t want to be saved. But were there. That’s all that mattered. I know that I’m strange and messed up. And I know that my ideas and actions are crazy enough to get us all into jail. This was partially why I didn’t want you around me all the time. You guys all influenced me to get better.
‘Which is why I’m sorry if I really hurt you in anyway. I know you were hurt Shannon—” he looked up and she nodded “—but at least you had Travis and Carter around to keep you company. I’ll see you guys around. I’ll get better, okay.”
After a moment of silence, Shannon said, “That’s it, huh?”
Aaron shrugged. “All that’s written down here, at least.”
“We will see him around,” she spoke, determination in her tone. After a few moments they went back towards the lake again. Aaron stayed with me, handing me back the letter.
“Thank you.” I murmured.
“No problem.” After another break of open air he said, “You know it’s kinda funny when you really think about it. Shit happens when you least expect it.”

I’ll miss you, Eric.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

I’d like to thank my family and friends for their full support in my writing career. And anyone who decided to give this book a chance, I’m thanking you too. So thanks (seriously your readership is much appreciated)!
ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Briana Lagos grew up in a small town in Florida. She found herself in writing stories, hoping to entertain anyone who’d wanted to read her work. This is the first book she has self-published.

