Dancing With Monsters
M.M. Gavillet
Dancing With Monsters
Copyright © 2015 by M.M. Gavillet
All rights reserved.  Printed in the United States of America.  No part of the book can be reproduced without permission of the author.  This is a work of fiction.  Any resemblance to persons living or deceased, places, incidences and names are purely a coincidence and are the product of the author's imagination.

Smashwords Edition

9781311023186


For my fabulous family-you know who you are. And to the lovely Keri. 


Chapter One

April

My first childhood memory that would forever be burned into me was the day I was physically pulled away from my mother.  If I had to label her expression during that dramatic moment, it would be that of relief.  I screamed, cried, and reached for her with my tiny hands.  She had no tears?no sadness?no regrets.  Even at the early age of four, I understood that I was different. I was some kind of abnormality, I didn't fit in, and that's why I was here.
Sunrise Acres held those who loomed in the darkness and on the borders of society.  Too humane to put us in prisons or asylums, they kept us in large, sterile buildings titled with names that were much brighter with promises of good things, rather than the truth of our existence.  
I had a happy face on my door.  I hated it.  I didn't want to be happy because I was satisfied with who I was.  I'm sixteen now, and I had to get out of this place.
"April Snow," said the new night caretaker with a fake smile.  I wondered if she had to take classes on how to be phony.  "You have a very unique name."  She handed me my evening pills I secretly flushed down the toilet every night.  You'd think the toilet wouldn't get as plugged up with all that poison running through it.
"Why?"  I asked.  "What's so special about the name April-it's a month."
"True, but put it with Snow and you've got April Snow."  She smiled, and I fake- swallowed the pills.
"So," I said, nearly spitting them out from their hiding place in my mouth and towards her after I showed her my empty mouth.
"Well, we usually don't get snow in the month of April, and when we do, I think it's kind of contrasting.  Almost like the seasons are battling it out to see how long winter can hang on or if spring is strong enough to overcome it."  This chick had put too much thought into people's names or she's been dipping into the good meds.  "Don't you think?"  She bobbed her head making her little ringlet curls bounce in agreement.
I smiled and nodded my head taking amusement in her.  I had to get these awful pills out of my mouth, they were turning bitter.
She left, and I ran to the bathroom to flush the evidence.  Suddenly, a scream broke the silence and cut through the gentle music that played every night before we went to bed.  The music, I guessed, was supposed to be a lullaby, but it wasn't working on the girl two doors down and across the hall from me.
I went to my door to see the staff flocked around her doorway.  She screamed and growled in almost a chanting rhythm.  I listened too, and then closed my eyes.  If she was speaking words, only she could understand them.  She repeated the same tone over and over as the staff tried to calm her.  
I didn't know the girl yet, as she only arrived two days ago, and this was the first noise I heard come from her room.  She had been quiet since she came, and now all of a sudden she was going crazy.  It could be bad meds or lack of meds on her part, but suddenly a realization washed over me.  She wasn't crazy; she was chanting darkness to come.
I've only had two encounters with what I called the darkness-once when I still lived with my mom, and the other at my first foster home.  It always came at night when I was in bed, and hovered over me like a blanket with red eyes.  It was like a magnet to me, and I couldn't resist wanting to know what it was at the same time I wanted to run.  
"No!"  The girl finally cried out.  "You don't understand it's in 23!  It's in 23!"
The girl's whimpering faded followed by an eerie silence.  She was right.  The darkness had come, and it was with me in my room, room 23. 
I had to get out of here.  I was planning to escape anyway, but now with the darkness invited, I had to escape now.  

Seth
"You are the only one I'll ever love."  Ezra's lips brushed mine making them tickle as a shiver ran down my spine.  "I'll never let you go."  Her indigo eyes sparkled like the night sky.
"I don't want you to go," I said.
Ezra was beautiful in her lightness and darkness that reminded me of a forest at midday.  Sunlight cut through the trees splattering pools of light here and there among the deep shadows that were never touched by light.  Ezra was like that.  Her dark brown hair, deep blue eyes that almost appeared black, and her skin as pale as moonlight, made her appearance striking.  There were definite lines between shadow and light, not only in her appearance, but her soul too.
"I wish you could be with me in the Shadowlands, lover."  Playfully, she ran her finger across my lips.  "I miss you, and I miss being with you whenever I wanted," Her innocent, but mischievous smile that she always flashed me faded.  It was the appearance I remembered before she got ill.  I also knew her time here was limited as the Shadowlands were not a place to stay for long.
Her smooth skin looked as soft as velvet, and tempted me to touch her.  I ran my fingertips across her collarbone, and then down her shoulder causing her gown to fall off the rest of the way.  I pressed myself to her cool body.  Ezra's eyes twinkled like I truly gazed into the night sky that held enchanting mysteries of untold stories.  I did want to be with her.  I needed to be with her, and I was going to be with her.  Ezra needed me as well, and I wasn't going to let her down.
"Seth!"  An unwelcomed voice stabbed at my ears.
I ignored it.
"Seth, hey?get up sleepyhead," said a musical female voice.
I knew who the voices belonged to, and I wasn't about to listen to them.
"I said, Seth!  Get up now or I'm coming in after you and your dead girlfriend!"  The female voice warned.
Suddenly, a wave of ice flashed between Ezra and me.  Her image was gone, and I was soaking wet.
"Why do you let her in like that?"  Nessa asked bending down in front of me.  Her white-blonde hair was pulled back letting only a few strands fall around her round face. "If anything she should leave you alone in this world, and get on with the world she's in.  She shouldn't try to draw you in like she's some enchantress, some seductress? some? What's the word I'm looking for?"  She turned to Malachi, my other partner-in-crime.
"I would call her a nymph or pixie.  They are nasty little creatures that appear harmless and cute until they sink their teeth into ya."  Malachi gazed down at me with his gold eyes.  "In fact I can tell you through personal experience?"
"Shut-up, he's got the point."  Nessa slugged him a little too hard in the stomach.  "And we don't need to hear about your past experiences."  
Nessa folded her arms across her chest as Malachi, who was a head taller than her, straightened and shook his head at her.
I chuckled, which made Nessa's freckled, tanned skin redden.
"I'm serious," she stomped her foot.
I jumped up and patted Nessa on the head like you would a pet.  She glared at me.
"Come on, we need to be moving anyhow."  I pulled my hood over my head, and jumped down the crumbling rock slope in two strides.
Malachi followed, and we had to wait for Nessa.
"You know my legs aren't as long as yours and my ankle still hurts from the last cliff wall we scaled up."  She stood in front of us with her hood over her head and a few white strands curled over the edge like cobwebs.
"Do you want me to carry you?"  I asked seriously.
"No, I want you to at least give me a head start until I'm better."  
A rumble of thunder erupted from the deep purple clouds that rolled lazily over our heads.
"Come on," Malachi gazed up at them.  "The Charedlands are not a place for gathering and visiting.  They are the nomad's lands."
We were in a dangerous place, not only physically, but for me, mentally.  I was what you'd call haunted.  Ezra had moved to another world not meant for the living, and she wanted me to join her.  I would give anything to bring her back, but the only thing was, there isn't enough to give to bring someone back from the Shadowlands.  There is no one to accept payments or favors to bring someone back from there.  There is only one entrance, and once in, you never come out.
Each minute, hour, day that went by, pushed me farther from her.  I could join her, but something inside of me was guiding me away from her.  I shoved back, not giving in, but I was growing tired of the battle. 

April

No one expected me to run, but I did.  I never caused any trouble at Sunrise Acres, and was always the one that helped the staff, or visited with the staff, and overall, appeared like a normal teen.  They trusted me, and that trust was my ticket out of here.
I had earned garbage duty which meant I got to go outside.
It was November, and the temperature reflected the time of year.  At least I had a coat, but my shoes were flip flops-the only kind of shoes we had beside our slippers which stayed in our rooms.  I would have to make due, and find something else later.
Most duties were supervised, and yes, someone was supposed to come to the dumpsters with me. But I had earned respect, and I had always come back before, except for this time.
The paddle lock was supposed to be locked, but never was and hung loosely on a chain like a pendant on a necklace.  I slipped out and ran into the timber.
Sunrise Acres was surrounded and bordered a large park.  Most of the park was left to Mother Nature to take care of, while only a small portion beside the lake was maintained for camping or picnicking.   But at this time of year, the park would be void of any campers, and the perfect place to make my run.
I knew they would look for me, and probably have not only search dogs, but the police as well.  I had to move quickly and find better transportation than my feet-I needed to get a ride.
Across from the park was an old truck stop.  I could easily get a ride there, at least that was my plan.
I didn't follow any path, but could see the lights from the truck stop glowing through the barren tree branches.  I had abandoned my flip flops when I left, throwing them in the opposite way that I went.  Hopefully, that would give me some time.   
The timber consisted of gullies and small creeks.  My feet were frozen, and stung with coldness and scrapes.  I just hoped someone would give me a ride.
"No!" A voice cut through the darkness.  "I didn't take any!  I-I prommmise." 
I stopped and stood barefoot in a tiny leaf-lined creek.  The leaves were slimy under my feet as I looked all around me to see who the voice belonged to.
"I don't believe you, and you know what I have to do." Another voice, male, replied.
I held my breath as I slowly climbed up the embankment on my stomach.  In a stretch of land between the truck stop and the park, was a thick wooded area where a lot of the garbage along the road seemed to end up.  It was the buffer between the two areas, and by the looks of the two darkened figures, the large one holding the other by the neck-a murder scene.
I hugged the ground as I watched with unblinking eyes.  The taller man held the other man up over his head by the neck until his body withered like a deflating balloon.  I held in the scream I wanted to expel, and hoped whoever this was, left without noticing me.
The man brushed his hand together as if he was removing cookie crumbs from them.  He looked at the ground and kicked the area with his feet as if covering up any evidence.  But what evidence was there?  He had just sucked the life out of the guy.  Had I accidently consumed one of my nightly pills?  Things like this don't happen.  Guns, knives and other weapons would be believable, but simply turning someone into what looked like bits of tissue paper, didn't happen.
I sunk closer to the ground and closed my eyes wishing the scene away.  Hopefully, the man would leave none the wiser that I had witnessed the murder he had committed.
Suddenly, the sound of footsteps came up the other side of the embankment.  They were heavy, and shook the ground under me.  Before I could think about jolting into the darkness, a hand grabbed my thin shirt and turned me over. I would had screamed, but the air wouldn't leave my lungs as I stared into gleaming eyes that reflected what light penetrated through the trees from the truck stop. 

Seth

Duneloc was one of the largest cities in Iethia.  Though safer than the Wildlands or Chardlands, it still had its dangerous areas.  Malachi, Nessa and I wound our way through Flametree Street that twisted and turned in gentle curves like a continuous S.  It also went uphill following the gentle incline of the landscape. The buildings of this area were of a bygone era.  Built out of glintstone, they caught the daylight and held it in their tiny flecks of silver embedded in the irregular shaped stones mortared together.  Their delicate glow made all the buildings look freckled with light.  Weeping trees dotted the skinny road, and orillion orbs lit up each door that had a plaque with a number engraved on it.  
"Why didn't we just go up a block and then cut over so we didn't have to climb up this never ending hill?"  Nessa huffed behind us.
"Because they just had riots in that area, and I don't know about you, but I don't want to get caught up in that mess."
Nessa limped along behind us pushing through the pain of her swollen ankle.  I felt bad for her and offered to carry her up this steep hill, but she declined in her strong willed way.  Nessa was proud and since we left Light City, she has done nothing but try to prove herself.  Malachi, of course, challenged her the whole way.
"Two more houses and we're there," I said, trying to encourage her.
She only looked at me with her bright green eyes.
The house we stopped at was located at the top of Flametree Street.  On the north side was a tall iron fence that partitioned the area from the other streets.  A brick path led to the brightly painted red door that was surrounded by moonflowers.  Their pungent, sweet, and nearly intoxicating smell emitting from the bell-shaped white blooms filled the air welcoming us.
"Do you think your uncle has enough of those stinking flowers?  They about knock you over from just their smell and it looks like they are trying to take over the sidewalk."  Malachi scowled at the elegant flowers.
"They're pretty and they smell a lot better than you."  Nessa crossed her arms and glared at Malachi.
"Well excuse me for not being able to take a bath the last three days.  You know, you don't smell very pretty either."
Before I could knock, the door swung open.  "You two are fighting like spoiled children.  Stop it before I get a complaint from the neighbors," said a tired looking man with grey-brown hair and nearly black eyes.
"It's good to see you, uncle," I said, cheerfully.
He stepped aside with a nod.  "Please come in."
My uncle's house looked like the lady who was here before, still lived here.  The walls were painted in a mauve color, and some of the furniture she sold to him was covered in a flower designed coverings.  About the only thing he brought when he moved here two years ago were his maps, books and journals he kept.  They were neatly put on the shelves that lined the walls.  Nothing about this home reflected who he once was.
"Do you like it here, Uncle Hes?"  I asked as he shut the door behind us.
"No, but I'm getting used to it."  His stature was short, only an inch or two taller than Nessa, but he could outwit a giant if he had to.  "I'm glad to see you made it here so quickly and?your mother?"  He gazed at me from under his bushy eyebrows.
"She of course didn't approve of me coming here," I said, in a cool tone.
Uncle Hes let out a sigh as he motioned for us to sit on the puffy couch covered with over-stuffed silk pillows.  I almost expected to see a tea set sitting on the table.  "I knew she wouldn't, and I wouldn't be calling you here if it wasn't important."  He extended his gaze to Nessa and Malachi.  "These two squabblers are your capable help?"  He then looked at me with questioning eyes.
I smiled at him as from the corner of my eye I could see Nessa trying to contain a comment to my uncle's blunt question.
"Only the best," I replied with confidence.
"Very well, time's ticking.  Let's get started."  
Uncle Hes unrolled a map with ink that had been smeared from rolling it up before it completely dried.  Unusual for my uncle to treat a map he was working on like that.
"There are only two known portals in Iethia." My uncle looked up from his map and at us.  "But there is a third-forgotten in the Angel-Demon Wars.  It was used by angels as their escape route when things started to turn on them.  It was supposed to have been sealed, and right before I?retired," he said with a regretful glint in his eye.  "I found out it had been used, not only once, but several times.  I think that's where they are taking it."  He tapped his finger on a small drawing of a circular door part way open and light coming out.
"Is that what it really looks like-the door that the angels used?"  Nessa asked as my uncle's face reddened.
"I said bring with you capable monsters, not incompetent ones!"  His dark eyes shot to me.  "This isn't a school field trip."  He hissed.
"They are loyal and smart.  I've known them a long time and have complete trust in them."  I gazed steadily at my uncle, almost challenging him.
He rolled up the map and squared his shoulders.  "You have a lot of my blood in you, and that's why I trust you to find out who is transporting, who the distributor is, and what their plans are when they turn millions of humans into monsters."
"Being a monster isn't all that bad," Malachi said as he leaned back and grinned at my uncle.  "It might be kind of nice that the humans would cross over and experience a little monsterism."  He meant to be funny, but by Uncle Hes's expression, he didn't find humor with Malachi.
I snickered, which only angered my already angered uncle.
"You've never seen humans transformed into monsters.  They won't be like us.  It's unnatural for anything to change into something it was never intended to be."  Suddenly, his words softened, and he looked at the floor.  It was almost like he was a volcano ready to explode, then, suddenly stopped as if something had entered his thoughts.
"Uncle," I said softly as his eyes darted to me.
"You can't stay here long," he said.  "I've already inflicted suspicion on whoever comes into my home.  You will leave before the sun comes up."
Chapter Two

April

"Please!" I managed to yell out. "Don't hurt me!"  The man gazed at me with his glowing eyes.
He stared as if he was studying me, summing me up, or just waiting to digest his last meal before he had dessert.  He didn't blink his illuminated eyes as they seemed to penetrate through me.  I stared back and waited for the life to be sucked out of me.
"I'm not going to hurt you." His voice was soft and eloquent, the opposite of his appearance.
He grabbed my wrists and pulled me to my feet.  I stood shivering from cold and fear.  The sound of trucks rumbled in the distance, and beams from car headlights cut through the trees in waves of light.  I could scream, but the chances of someone hearing me were slim. We faced one another as the wind carried the smell of gasoline into the barren forest.
"Please let me go."  My lips trembled.  
He snickered.  Suddenly, bright lights flashed from the highway behind us.  His attention turned to it as I caught a glimpse of his face.  His wavy hair nearly reached his eyes that still slightly glowed.  His face had a roundness to it that made him look harmless.  Even his grip had softened.  In the matter on seconds, his whole appearance changed into something softer. If I didn't witness what he had done, I would have never guessed him to be a murderer.
"Running away are we, fledging, then you'd better join me.  They will be coming for you, and I'm not waiting."
Bright lights suddenly blasted from behind us, and burned through the cold air.  Was I hallucinating all of this, or was it real.  Whatever it was, it was unnatural.  No one can suck life out of another human being and leave them as bits of tissue paper.
"If you doubt me, don't."  He pulled back my sleeve exposing my wrist.  "This isn't just some tattoo.  This is a hexmark." 
I looked at the tattoo my mom made me get right before she gave me away.
"It's for our protection."  I could still hear my mother's words.
I closed my eyes.  A veiled woman gave me the tattoo.  We had gone to what I thought was a carnival, but through the bright colors, balloons and performers, was a dark feeling that made me want to run.
"I'm asking, are you coming with me or not?"  He shook my wrist bringing me to my senses. 
In that split second, I had to make a decision that could mean escape, death or going back to Sunrise Acres-I'd never see the sun again if I went back there. He knew of my tattoo, and maybe about the things that lurked in the darkness.  I had to take a chance.  Voices from the search party echoed around us. 
"I'm coming with?"  Before I could finish, my feet left the ground, and trees whisked by like speeding cars.
The truck stop lights faded in the distance.  I had no idea where I was or what direction we had gone.  We moved like flashes of lightning through the timber and then we stopped as quickly as we had left.
He put me down and my feet landed on a paved road.  A log cabin home washed in moonlight stood before me with a split rail fence surrounding it.  A light shone through the window beside the door making it look like a welcoming house.
"Are you coming?" He asked standing on the opposite side of the road. 
I could run, but I'd never make it five feet away from him.  It was unnatural to move that quickly through the woods, and without tripping or getting slapped in the face from low limbs.  Even if he did know about my tattoo, I still felt uncertain.  
"You moved?"  I took account of my surroundings.  We were in a wooded area, and with no other houses in sight.  I couldn't possibly outrun him to get help.
"I moved like anyone of our kind can move, and I can teach you how, if you like."  He spoke so casually.  "And like I said, I'm not going to hurt you, and you are running away, aren't you?"  He looked back over his shoulder at the house.  "This is my home, and you are welcome to come in if you like, or you can take cover in the forest.  It's up to you."
He turned and walked up to the house while searching his pocket.  He pulled out a set of jiggling keys, and glanced back at me as he whistled.
I crossed the road and stood at the edge of the brick paved sidewalk.  What was I doing?  He had just sucked the life out of a man, and we had run through what seemed like miles of timber in the matter of seconds.  I should get the hell out of here, especially since he was going into his house and leaving me outside.
"You can go if you want, fledging, but I'm curious about the mark on your wrist.  Not many humans have those kind of marks," he said, glancing over his shoulder at me as he cracked open the door. 
I gingerly curled my fingers around the small tattoo on the inside of my right wrist.  I remembered getting it from an old lady that my mom took me to right before she gave me up.  How did he know I had it, and how could he had possibly seen it covered up by my sleeve and in the dark.
I took a step forward followed by another.  He waited for me letting me enter the warm house first.
I stepped inside just enough to let him in.  The interior was pretty much what you'd expect a log cabin house to look like.  It was a rustic home with a stone fireplace, richly stained wood beams that was the skeleton on the home, and an open ceiling with a loft overhead.  It wasn't a large home, but looked like it came out of a magazine as it was neat and showed no person artifacts, like pictures.  
"Have a seat right here," he said, twirling an office chair around and shoving it towards me.
I looked at the chair then at him.
"Your feet are bleeding, and I don't want blood all over my rugs any more than it already is."
I looked down at my bare feet and at the bright red splotches dotting the dull orange rug.
"Sorry," I said.
"Don't be, just sit down.  I just bought those rugs."
I sat down and he pushed me into the kitchen.  Stainless steel appliances and cabinets made out of knotty wood, made the kitchen look like a professional chef lived here.  There was an abundant supply of spices above the gas stove, utensils hung over an island in the middle of the kitchen, and a wine cooler, fully stocked, displayed bottles of wine from behind a glass door.
He went to a tall cabinet and got out a towel and a small, brown, glass bottle.
"So, what's your name?  Mine is Ben."  He glanced up at me as he gently took my right foot and placed it on his bent knee.
I couldn't give him my real name.  "Beth," I finally said.
Ben snickered as he wiped off the bottom of my foot with whatever was in the brown bottle.  
"No, it isn't.  You are a terrible fibber, fledging, and my assumptions were right about you."  Ben wiped other foot.  "If you were totally a human girl, you'd be screaming in pain."
He put the bottle away and threw the towel to the sink.
"If I was human?"  I questioned and looked at the bottom of my left foot.  There were no scratches or cuts.  
"Your mark, and the fact I just used serpent's oil on you, tells me otherwise."  Ben crossed his arms and smirked at me.  "You've witnessed some pretty remarkable things tonight, and I'm sure you feel it's all a dream, but it isn't.  Our kind has a way of ?connecting for lack of a better word."  Ben's image blurred, and then disappeared.  I rubbed my eyes wondering if it was the aftereffects of whatever he used on my feet.  
I felt my insides tighten, and wondered if I had been drugged. Then, suddenly, Ben materialized in front of me on bent knees. "I found you, and you found me for a reason."  His eyes searched mine as I could barely breathe.  "Did you see your wounds?'' he asked and I nodded.  "Serpent's oil can only be used on one type of being."  He smiled.  "You and I are monsters, Beth." 

Seth

"Time's running out," Ezra stood in front of me running her pale fingers over mine.  "I want to stay together.  I'm tired of meeting this way."  Her blue-black eyes lifted to mine.  "The air is changing here, and something's coming-I can sense it."
"Ughhh!" A female voice yelled like a battle cry behind me.  "Let him go nymph!"  The unmistakable sound of Nessa's voice demanded in the distance.
I felt that pull again.  Each time I talked to Ezra, I felt a distance slowly separating us.  She begged me with her eyes to stay as she reached for my hands.  
Don't go?
I had to, but hesitated.  Ezra tightened her grip on my hands.  It wasn't only Nessa who pulled at me to come back to the living, there was something else.  
I let go of her hands, and gave into that unknown and invisible force that kept pulling me away from the girl I had planned to marry. 
"Hey!"  I yelled as something burned on my right shoulder.  What were they doing, setting me on fire to quit seeing Ezra?
I opened my eyes to see Uncle Hes's scowling face peering down at me along with Nessa.  He held a branding coin in his right hand as Nessa placed her hands on her hips.
"Nessa said you're being haunted by a dead lover.  That mark ought to put a stop to that, or at least slow it down until she gives up."
I sat up, and should have been furious at them taking such extreme measures without my consent, but, I wasn't.  I looked at the triangle shaped mark filled with intricately weaving lines.
"I know you're mad at me, but this has got to stop."  Nessa's eyes were a mix of sternness swirling with concern.  "Seth, I had to do something, and if you go on like this, it will jeopardize our mission."
"Yes, it will," I buttoned my shirt.  "You're right to have done this.  I know you have my better interest in mind, and are trying to help me."
Nessa's mouth hung open with surprise.  "So, you're not mad?"  She asked.
"No, and I can't explain why.  I should be, but there's something, I don't know what it is. Fate is pulling me in another direction."
"So, Nessa doesn't get full credit for putting an end to you seeing Ezra, and ending up on your bad side?"  Malachi asked shoving a piece of bread into his mouth.
"It isn't fate," Uncle Hes said before Nessa could reply as he poured himself a cup of something steaming.  "Here," he gave me the cup of hot liquid.  "It's destiny that is 'pulling at you', as you describe, though destiny doesn't pull, but guides."  He gave Nessa and Malachi cups of the dark, hot, steaming liquid.
All of us looked at it and took whiffs of the strange aroma.
"It's called coffee, and you drink it, not inhale it.  I got it on my last visit to earth, and it will keep you alert.  I've discovered a very strong liking to it."
I took a sip of the bitter tasting beverage, but drank it out of courteousness to my uncle.
"What's the difference between fate and destiny?  Aren't they the same thing?"  Malachi asked.
"No, they are not."  Uncle Hes defined each word.  "Fate is something you create, tempt, or manipulate by the decisions you make.  Destiny is what was woven through the passages of time by someone far greater than us.  It has its own plan that sometimes you can find written, and sometimes not, but whether conscious of it or not, destiny will always be followed."

We left in the cover of blackness.  The city was quiet, as if it had taken a moment of peace before the sun came up.  With Uncle Hes's map safely tucked in my satchel, Malachi, Nessa, and I slinked through the streets.  
"Bagels, do you smell them?"  Malachi stopped and smelled the air with a satisfying sigh.
"They have bagels where we're going."  I continued walking with Nessa beside me.  
"Yeah, but these are the best."  He insisted.  "Come on," he tugged on my shoulder. "One last stop before going on our quest," he said in a deep voice mocking my uncle. 
I turned to him ready to explain the importance of everything, and why this wasn't a field trip as Uncle Hes explained.  It wasn't just a quest, but something I had to prove to him.
"How about some for the road?"  Nessa asked looking up at me with her innocent eyes.
I smiled and shook my head.  "The shop is just around the corner."  She took a few steps away from me, and disappeared around the corner with Malachi in tow.
I stood there for a moment, lowered my head, and could hear the displeased voice of my uncle echo in my head.  The first thing in being a leader is having the respect and control of your team.  I had neither, and at this point, probably wouldn't.
I went into the empty bakery.  Malachi and Nessa were gazing through the glass case with all the bakery's delectable goods displayed.  It was full of pastries, doughnuts, and of course, our much needed bagels.  
I waited close to the door, and looked down at my watch.  We needed to get out of town before the sun came up.  They made their selection and paid the clerk, when I felt someone behind me.  I turned around, and saw nothing but the glass door slowly going shut.  Someone had just left very quietly, and by the scent that loomed in the air, an angel had been here.
Angels didn't come to Iethia very much, and when they did, it wasn't to take in the sights or visit friends.  
"What's wrong?"  Nessa asked reading the concern on my face as she took a bite of her bagel.
"We have to move before I lose the scent," I said going out the door and letting my nose guide me.
We looped through the streets as if the angel was trying to evade us.  But all angels knew that monsters had extraordinary senses to track anyone at any time, or maybe this one didn't.  I wondered what they were doing here, and if they had a connection to the drug that was being manufactured to turn innocent humans into monsters.  My uncle had worked with angels before on cases concerning portals before he retired from the portal guardianship.  I wondered if the angel we were following knew my uncle.
The scent led us out of town, and then suddenly stopped.  I stopped and peered into the darkness.  
"Malachi, can you see anything?"  Malachi didn't have the acute sense of smell like me, but he could see in the dark.
"A rabbit, squirrel in a tree, and birds still nesting in the trees-that's it."  With his eyes still glowing, he shrugged his shoulders.  "What were we following anyhow?"
"An angel, I could smell them."
"An angel?"  Nessa asked in disbelief.  "What would they be doing in Iethia?"
"I don't know, but we need to move."

April

"A monster," I whispered under my breath as Ben smiled at me.  "You're crazy."  I stood up thinking I should had never gone with him.
"Am I?" He got up and faced me.  "Do you see things in the darkness that you can't explain? And I'm sure you had a pleasant childhood filled with love from your family, or did they leave you on someone's doorstep?"  He raised his eyebrows.  "I can tell by your expression that you never had a loving family because of what happened to you, and at such an early age.  Usually demons don't bite small children, they prefer teens."  He rubbed his chin.  "Unless your demon had a plan for you-I guess that would be a possibility."  Ben looked at me.  "The darkness has followed you for a long time-I can sense it, and it won't bother you with me around."
I should get out of here.  Ben was obviously mentally disturbed, but at the same time, he knew about the darkness.
"What do you know about the darkness?"  I was feeding his madness, but I felt a connection to him that I've never felt with anyone before, almost like he was a piece of me. 
"Monsters are not uncivilized beings as humans are taught."  We faced each other.  "It's the darkness that all fear, monsters just happen to be in it."
"So what is the darkness, and why does it follow me?"  I finally felt I could talk to someone about it rather than a phycologist trying to tell me it was all in head.
"Demons lurk there, and sometimes they like to play.  You my dear, Beth, you were bit by a demon. I could sense it right away in the woods."
"Is that why you didn't kill me also in the woods?"  I asked thinking of the man turned to bits of floating tissue.
Ben tightened his lips.  "I hated to do that, but he had dipped into?something that humans shouldn't take.  He would have turned into something worse than a demon-a rabid demon-that's one way to describe it.  He would have been a killing machine without feeling pain or remorse on his fellow humans.  Almost a perfect soldier?"  Ben's eyes drifted away from me.
Suddenly, my arm tingled violently bringing me to my knees.  I pulled up my sleeve to see my tattoo had new lines extending from it.  I gazed down at it in awe.
Ben ran his long fingers over the delicate, curling, black lines.
"Your hexmark was designed to be added on to.  This is magnificent."  His chocolate colored eyes glistened back at me.  "Of course, you have no idea what this means."  He shook his head and pulled me to my feet.  "My dear Beth," He arched his left eyebrow.  "The designer of your hexmark allowed for it to be added on to.  What that means is that you can gain monster abilities."
I sat on the sofa before my shaking knees gave out.  What was I doing here?  I was in some crazy guy's house letting him tell me about crazy things, and I was being drawn into believing it.  My life had never been normal, but that doesn't mean I should believe everything Ben was telling me.  And now my tattoo had mysteriously gotten bigger and more intricate.  I must be hallucinating.  What kind of oil did he use on my feet?
"What-why did it do that?"  I asked still trying to believe what just happened.
"The oil I used, being in another monster's presence, or maybe, it was just time for it to change."  His eyes were gentle, and sincere.
"This is crazy," I whispered, but loud enough Ben could hear it.
"Your hexmark, if strong enough," he said, gently running his fingers over my mark, "can eliminate the demon that haunts you in the darkness, stares down at you with glowing eyes, and cools the air around you when in your presence."  Ben gazed steadily into my eyes. "I know you know what I say is true.  There are too many things that are falling into place for not only you, but me as well."
I shook my head.  I had to get away-to reason everything out.  "I have to go?have to get out of here," I said, standing up as the room spun.
Ben steadied me before I landed face first into his solid wood end table.  "No, the serpent's oil is making you dizzy.  You aren't going anywhere."
 I closed my eyes because I couldn't focus on anything.  Everything twirled like I was on an amusement ride. Ben placed a pillow under my head and covered me up with a blanket.  I should be freaked out, but I wasn't.  Call it instinct, a sixth sense, or a gut feeling that I felt with Ben.  I knew he wasn't going to hurt me and deep down, I felt a connection.  
I opened my eyes to see him staring curiously back.
"My name isn't Beth, its April, April Snow."  
Ben smiled and leaned forward.  "It's nice to meet you April Snow."

I woke to the smell of bacon.  It smelled delicious, and made my stomach ache with hunger.  I pushed myself up to see Ben working feverously in the kitchen.  I pushed the blanket away, and walked over to the bar and sat down.  He didn't take notice, but instead, shoved a plateful of bacon, hash browns, eggs, and toast in front of me.
"I wasn't sure what you liked so I made the monster special."  He smiled at his pun on words.  "I'm sure you must be famished."
"You must like to cook."  I took a bite of the scrambled eggs, and raised my eyebrows in surprise of how good they tasted.
"Yes, I do like to cook.  I find human cuisine diverse and inspiring."  Ben took one of my slices of toast.  "In fact, the jam I put on your toast, I made from the raspberries I grow in my garden."  He acted like I should be impressed.
I nodded my head and put my fork down.
"April," Ben said my name with a sincerity that I never heard before.  "Are you alright?"
"What do you think?"  I asked slightly on the sarcastic side.  "I ran away from the institute I was staying at, witnessed a man getting the life sucked out of him, let a," I looked at Ben, I couldn't wrap my mouth around the word monster, "stranger," I said instead.  "I let him take me to his house where he fixed my boo-boos, and now I'm eating a five star breakfast with enough food to feed ten people.  Of course I'm not alright."
I covered my eyes with my hands and let out a sigh.
"So," he said, after a few seconds passed.  "You think this breakfast is worthy of five stars?"
I removed my hands from my eyes as he looked down at his plate.
"Didn't you hear me?  What you told me?what happened last night?my tattoo?"
"I heard you perfectly clear, and you need to suck it up a little bit."  My mouth dropped open from shock.  "Do you think you're the only one who had a lot dumped on them?  You're not the only human to get bit and become a monster."  
"Yeah, but,"
Suddenly, a knock pounded on the door followed by the doorbell.  I swung around and peered at the door and then back at Ben.  I looked at him as to what I should do.
"I'm sort of expecting someone, and they won't care if you're here or not.  Just stay where you're at."
"Wait," I said, getting off the stool.  "What if it's someone from the search party?"
Ben smiled.  "Then I will suck the life out of them."  His tone had a playful tease to it, but I really wasn't sure if he was kidding or not.
I stepped back into the kitchen, half hiding behind the bar as Ben opened the door.
"It's about time you opened the damn door," a woman with blonde hair said as she burst inside.  "I think someone, teenagers of all things, followed me from Iethia.  I outran them though."  She pulled from her grey leather pouch a compact mirror, and flipped it open.
She messed with her shoulder-length hair as she held the mirror from several different angles before shutting it.
"So, do you have it?"  She asked in her quick voice.
Ben smiled at her.  "First, I'd like you to meet a friend I just met last night."
"You mean you have someone here and you didn't say anything?"  She scolded as she followed with her eyes Ben's hand that pointed towards me.  She sniffed the air.  "She's a half-baked.  What are you doing with her?  Are you taking a pet with you when you go to sanctuary?"
"No, she isn't a pet.  She's the piece that I believe completes my circle.  The fates have given me a present, and I would like you to meet her.  Her name is April Snow."
She looked like a porcelain doll with her perfectly wavy blonde hair that looked like it was combed about a hundred times a day.  Her pale skin was flawless and her eyes were a bright shade of blue, almost like she was wearing contacts.
"And this is Yolanda," Ben said, motioning towards her.
From her leather purse, Yolanda pulled out a cigarette and lit it up.  "April Snow," she said, through a puff of smoke.
I wasn't sure if she was going to say anything else or if that was it for her hello. "Nice to meet you, Yolanda," I said, with a smile.
"I bet you don't even have to train this one.  She's probably putty in your little monster hands," Yolanda chuckled.
I gave Ben a skeptical look, and even thought of leaving, but I didn't.  Ben knew more about me than I did myself.
"So," Yolanda slid her eyes over to me and then back at Ben.  "Do you have your muffin recipe for me?"  She crossed her arms as swirls of smoke filled the air.
"First, let me get you an ashtray."  Ben tromped into the kitchen.  "I did just purchase that rug, and now it's ruined," he said under his breath as he passed me.
Yolanda took the ashtray and smirked at Ben.  "What are you, Martha Stuart now?"  She took a puff of her cigarette.
Ben glared at her.
"Look, I don't have much time, and I'm sure you don't either?the muffin recipe."  She prompted again.  
Ben went over to a roll top desk, and pulled out small metal box.  It was about the size of a jewelry box, but much thinner.  Yolanda's eyes sparkled as Ben handed it to her.
"I'm trusting you, Yolanda, not only with my safety, but a human child as well."  Ben gazed steadily at her.
"She's practically a monster too, not human."  She put the box safely in her leather pouch.
"She's in limbo, and under your laws, still human."  
I had about a million questions running through my head as I listened to their conversation.
"If you're using her as leverage, don't.  I uphold my word, unlike a lot of my kind that don't know the meaning of trust."  She placed her hand on the door knob.  "I'll be back in a week to get you, and your April Snow."
Ben nodded.  "Yolanda, I'm trusting you," he repeated.
"I know, and I hold that trust sacred."  She left with a nod and a quiet click of the door.
Ben stood by the door for a few moments letting his hands rest on the richly stained wood panels.
"Who-who exactly was that, and where are we going in a week?  And what did she mean by muffin recipe?"
Ben didn't answer right away as he took in a deep breath and slowly released it.
"It was a special muffin recipe, that no one should have, and I'm trusting Yolanda for its safe disposal."  He turned around with slightly glowing eyes.  
"So, is she a monster, or something like one?"  I could hardly believe I was asking such a question. If I was back at Sunrise Acres and asked that question, my nightly pills would probably double.
Ben smiled.  "No, she's not a monster, or anything like one.  Yolanda is an angel."

Seth

"Did you smell more than one angel?"  Malachi asked as we made our way through the thick forest littered with fallen limbs and rotting leaves. 
"Just one, and was a female.  She could have just been passing through and portaled her way out of Iethia, especially since her scent ended abruptly."  I looked down at the map.  A thin line glowed on the map and showed where we were at on the hidden trail.  It was our only way of knowing where we were going.
"How much farther?"  Nessa asked behind me.
"Not far."  I glanced back at her not really knowing how far we had to go.
We traveled blindly through the forest.  My uncle made this map secretly a long time ago.  It was designed to only be used by blood relatives, and only the ones he selected.  I was honored when he asked me, and couldn't decline his offer.

The darkness was slowly being dissolved by the sun breaking over the horizon.  Beams of orange and gold lights illuminated what foliage was left on the trees.  As we passed by the massive oaks, a few of their leaves fell around us as if greeting us.  This part of the forest was quiet, and hardly anyone ever came here since it borders the Wildlands of Iethia. 
"Those were good," Malachi said, eating the last of the bagels.
"What are you doing?"  Nessa stopped and pointed at the crumpled sack that Malachi discarded to the ground.   "That's littering."  
"So," Malachi said.  "I don't think there is anyone to give me a ticket out here.  And besides, it's biodegradable."
"That's not the point."  She picked up the sack and shoved it into Malachi's chest.  "Dispose of it when we get to where we are going."
He burrowed his eyebrows at her, and then gave her a sly smile.  "No, and I don't have to, half-size," he walked past her, bumping into her shoulder.
Nessa turned into a small rabid animal when you got her mad, that I've witnessed her do before.
"Nessa, the mission," I reminded her, and tried to calm her anger.  "Let it go."  Her eyes flickered at me; she wasn't letting it go, and reached for her small leather whip.
About as quick as a lightning strike, Nessa had her whip wrapped around Malachi's feet.  He landed with a thud, face first.  Nessa took the paper sack and shoved it in his face.
"We are trying to make a better world for ourselves and for the future of the monster race.  And you add to the trash that's we are trying to clean up.  Whose side are you on anyway?"
Malachi spit out the leaves that had gotten into his mouth as he sat up and unwrapped his feet.  His face was red, and his eyes slightly glowed.  Nessa planted her scowling face into his.  
"It's just a paper sack," Malachi stood up.  "You should calm down before you break a blood vessel, half-size."  
Nessa tightened her fist.
We were wasting time, and my credibility as a leader was slowly crumbling.  Uncle Hes wanted me to be a leader, and gave me this opportunity that he could have easily given to someone else.   I could hear his displeased voice already.  I had to do something, otherwise this would never cease.
"Stop!"  I yelled as a few leaves fell around us from the vibration of my voice.  "We don't have time to argue about littering, who's right, and who's wrong.  Malachi, don't liter because you are leaving a trail for someone to stumble on.  We need to be quiet and move as quickly as we can.  There is a lot at risk here, not only for us, but for humans as well as monsters."
I got two sorrowful and embarrassed looks.  I think they finally understand the importance of this mission, and I hoped I didn't have to remind them again.  

Quietly and with a quicker pace, we walked through the pathless forest that was truly magnificent.  This would be a place Ezra would like.  She liked nature and found the peace and quiet comforting.  I had taken her to the gardens of Duneloc, but they were nothing like this.  I looked up at the tall trees that framed the blue-violet sky through their barren and wildly twisted branches.  Yes, she would like this, but I'd never get to hear her say it.
Suddenly, a gust of wind stirred up what leaves had already fallen and plucked the remaining from the limbs.  Through the blizzard of leaves, I saw someone standing in front of me.  She was dressed in a purple gown that moved like mist around her.  Her eyes were soft and locked with mine.
"Ezra," I said her name as I gazed at her.
"Your thoughts can bring me closer to you."  The wind caught her dark hair as the leaves became entangled in it.  "You can bring me back my love."  Her voice whispered around me.
"Seth, are you alright?"  Nessa asked as she placed her hand on my shoulder.
I looked at her and then back at where Ezra had stood.
"Yeah, fine," I looked at the map.  "Let's keep moving."

We stood in a clearing and the line one the map had stopped moving.  The landscape showed no signs of a door, portal, or anything resembling the passage that angels had used centuries ago.  The map said otherwise.
"Are you sure that the map lead us to the right location?"  Malachi asked as he stood beside me and gazed at the map.
"The line hasn't moved and is a flashing dot now."  Malachi, I knew, couldn't see the blinking dot that stated we had arrived at the portal, so I rolled it up and looked around.
"Then it must be here somewhere."
"Yeah, but where?"  He asked.
"Here!"  Nessa exclaimed.  
Malachi and I went over to where she was on hands and knees pushing back leaves and grass to reveal a stone ledge.  We helped Nessa clear off several stones that looked like white marble and cut in perfect squares.  It was about the width of a set of double doors and looked to only be the threshold of a once magnificent door.
"This looks like this hasn't been used in a long time."  Nessa said with dirt smeared on her cheeks.  "I thought your uncle said it was used not too long ago."
I ran my foot along the edge of the stones. It had been buried for some time, and left to turn into ruins.  Something wasn't right about this.
"Do you think the map lead us to the right place?"  Malachi questioned.
I bent down and ran my fingers over the beautiful stones.  My fingertips tingled. "We're in the right place."  I looked over my shoulder at Malachi.  "We just have to reveal it."
"Reveal it?"  Nessa questioned.  "How are we going to do that?  Magic?  We are just monsters, not magicians."
I unrolled the map hoping to find a clue.
"How do you know that it needs to be revealed?  Maybe your uncle was wrong and the portal was destroyed and buried." Malachi stood beside me glancing at me and then the map.
"No, I don't know why, but I know we are here and just have to find a way to work it.  The angels were good at hiding things of importance.  Do you think they would have the portal all lit up with a signage and all?"
Malachi shrugged his shoulders. "I guess not, makes sense."
"Uncle Hes always said the important things are hidden where least expected."  
I looked at the map trying to decipher the lettering written under the detailed drawing of the door.  It was written in the language of the angels.  Why didn't my uncle tell me what to do when I got here?  Surly he knew that the portal had to be revealed and I had no idea how to.
"Can you make anything out?"  Nessa asked coming over and stood on my other side.  
"No," I said, frustrated.
"It's in the language of the angels."  Nessa looked closer at the map.  
"Yeah, I know, and none of it makes sense.  I can't read a word of it."
"It says the word blood a lot," Nessa said, as she gazed at it.
"You can read it?  Where did you learn to do that?"  Malachi asked surprised.
She shrugged her shoulders.  "Here and there.  I went on the road with a gypsy a few times, and they knew the language really good.  I tried to get them to teach me, but they wouldn't so I tried to learn what I could."  She looked back at the map.  "Blood of my blood is the dominate saying, and it's hard to read the rest."  She looked up at me.  "There's a warning there too.  It's that mark right there."  She pointed at a line with two lines intersecting it at the top.
"Blood of my blood," I repeated out loud, and then several times in my head.  
Uncle Hes said that a lot to me.  He always said that I had a lot of his blood in me-we were alike in many ways.  He had seen the angel portal before, and used it.  Why didn't he tell me how to use it?
Blood of my blood.  Those words meant something, but what did they mean in the workings of the portal.
"Angels are bound by blood."  Nessa spouted off like she was reading from a book.  "That's what the gypsies always said.  They were obsessed with them, and know many things about angels."
I rolled up the map, and walked over to the stones.  I gazed down at them wondering if I should chant, cast a spell or jump on them as I'm casting a spell and chanting.
"Angels were always doing things with their blood-like bonding, and it was even used to immortalize humans and even monsters.  There are actually many fables about them that the gypsies know."  Nessa bent down beside me and ran her fingers over the white marble stained by years from being underground. 
"Blood of my blood," It finally dawned on me. I looked over at Malachi.  "Do you have your dagger?"  I asked as his eyes widened.
"Yeah, but what are you going to do with it?"
"I know what to do."  He handed it over to me.
"If you're going to do a blood sacrifice, let's use Nessa."  
"Hey," she said in protest.
"It's my knife," he replied teasingly.
"There's going to be no sacrifice, but only a little bit of my blood."  I slid the knife across my palm and let a few drops fall onto the white stones.  "I hope this works."  I whispered under my breath as Malachi and Nessa watched.
At first, nothing happened, and then suddenly, a ghostly image of an archway formed overhead.  Silver and white lines curled around intricately through each other until the arch was complete. The white, marble stones we had uncovered, shone with the same brilliance as the arch.  It was a delicate looking structure of silver vines and white marble.  In the open part of the portal that would had been the door, reflected back at us like a giant mirror.  We gazed at it in awe, and I wondered what to do next.
"How do we go through it?"  Malachi asked Nessa.
"I don't know.  I haven't been through many angel portals before."
I walked up to it and tried to peer past the mirrored image of the forest behind me.  But I couldn't.  I then looked at myself and placed my fingers on the surface of the mirror to test it.  It was solid-there was no going through it.  I started to lower my hand when I felt something warm, almost like I was touching someone else's hand.  I pressed my fingers harder to the surface as a murky image began to form behind it.  It was a face surrounded by long dark hair.  Gentle eyes gazed steadily into mine as if asking me to come closer.  Her face became more defined, and I could clearly see it was Ezra.
"Come with me now," she whispered as a screeching sound, like angry birds, echoed behind her.
 "Seth, get away from her!"  Nessa yelled as she charged towards us only to be swooped up by a white and silver figure that looked like it was wrapped in sheets.  
I could hear her scream, but couldn't remove my eyes from Ezra's.
"Don't look at them, look at me.  We can be together here."
I laced my fingers through hers ignoring the yells and screams of Nessa and Malachi.  I tried to pull away knowing this wasn't right, but she had me in a trance that I couldn't resist.
"Seth, they're glass people!"  Malachi yelled behind me.  "We have to get out of here, and away from the portal!"
Glass people were demons as far as monsters were concerned, and they sometimes worked for angels.  This was the portal to take us to earth, but it was guarded by glass people, and also by Ezra, the love I couldn't let go no matter what spell or mark was used.
Chapter Three

April

"She's an angel," I looked at Ben, "an actual angel?"
"Not the kind of angel that humans have painted for centuries.  There are many kinds, but Yolanda is an earth angel.  She can travel to different realms, and is in the class of guardian angels of humans."
I ran my fingers through my hair trying to absorb everything.  
"Yolanda, she's an angel," I repeated what Ben had explained.  "But she smoked a cigarette."   
Ben chuckled.  "Yes, they can do that."  
"And she came for a muffin recipe?"  I asked with raised eyebrows.
Ben's face paled.  "It's no ordinary recipe, and one that I wished I never created.  Sometimes an artist doesn't know that they are creating masterpieces with the element of fire, and Yolanda is trying to keep me from getting burned."
I looked at Ben's kitchen with every possible utensil in it, hundreds of spices displayed like knick-knacks on the rack that hung on the wall, and fancy stainless steel appliances. He liked to cook, but what kind of recipe did he create that was so important.
"That must be some special muffin recipe."  I gazed steadily at him hoping he'd elaborate.
"Yes, it is, and that's why Yolanda took it."  He walked into the kitchen.  "Let's finish breakfast, and we'll talk more about this later."  Ben smiled as he tried to pacify me.
"No," I raised my voice.  "I want to know what this is all about now!"  I demanded as Ben looked at me with his brown eyes and shoved in a forkful of hash browns into his mouth.  I took a deep breath and tried to calm my insides. "A week ago I was at an institution called Sunrise Acres.  I was there because my mom gave me up when I was four, and I have been in countless foster homes since then.  But no matter where I went, the darkness followed me.  I thought I was crazy, then I met you and you?I don't know how to explain this and I know to trust a stranger is insane, but my insides tell me that I should."  Ben looked away then back at me with sympathy.  "I want to know everything because I deserve to, and you have the answers to my entire past."
I finally had the answers in front of me, and I didn't want to take it slow.  I revealed something about myself to Ben hoping he'd do the same. 
"That was no muffin recipe you gave to Yolanda, it was something else.  And where is this sanctuary at that we'll be going in a week?  You know I'm no stray cat you picked up, and can take wherever you want to go without telling me."
"You're right," he said, folding his hands together.  "There are many things that you should know, because there are many things the darkness holds."  He motioned for me to sit beside him.
"The man in the woods, the one I had to eliminate," he looked at me with his gentle brown eyes that looked like they didn't have an ounce of killer in him.  "He consumed one of my muffins."
"So you had to kill him?"  
"I did because he was human, and he would turn into something that should have never been created.  Death was the humane thing to do."
"What exactly would he turn into?"  I asked.
"A killing machine that demons would use to take over as many realms as they could," Ben said, and took his plate over to the sink.  "Demons have been trying for a long time to create an army that would do battle for them.  They are confined to the shadows and that limits them.  They tried to use humans by inflicting them with their poison-biting as an example," he motioned towards me.  "But that doesn't always work.  Then, one day, a genius," he shook his head, "came up with a serum that could turn humans into the army demons have been trying to create for centuries."  Ben turned to me with a mixture of bitterness and regret swirling in his eyes.
"Your muffin recipe," I said, putting everything together.
"My muffin recipe was never designed for that purpose.  It was supposed to enhance only monsters abilities, not transform humans into hybrid monsters.  It was never intended for them. To make a long story short, I needed ingredients not of this or any world.  I needed things that only grow in the shadows of demons.  I made a deal, and knowing they were conniving creatures, I had to give them compensation.  They demanded a sample of my serum. I gave them a different version of my serum that I thought would do nothing for them, but I found out differently."
Ben began to do the dishes.
"That's why you can't stay here, and by giving Yolanda the recipe, she is giving you protection."
Ben looked at me from over his shoulder.  "She is giving us protection.  You are involved as much as me now."
A rush of anger filled me.  "So you dragged me into this as well?  Why?!"  I stood beside him and glared as he casually finished the dishes.  
"You were involved in this long before I found you." Ben's voice was calm compared to mine.  "You know that."
"What did you do, see me and think I would make a nice traveling buddy?"  Ben turned to meet my eyes that could have burned holes through him.  "I have enough troubles of my own, and I could've found some other way to escape."
"No, you would only find demons that will follow you until they are satisfied.  By me finding you and taking you with me, is your escape." 
I let out a sigh and ran my fingers through my hair.  I began to pace the floor and then walked over to the window.  Ben leaned against the sink with arms folded across his chest, and watched me.
"I know you're right," I said meekly.  "The darkness is always there and getting closer."  I gazed out the window admiring his view of the Mississippi River framed in the array of trees changing into the colors of autumn.  "I haven't felt it looming behind me since I met you."
"I can help you, April Snow, you just have to let me."  Ben stood behind me.
I felt the heat from his body seep into mine.  My body tensed as I had never felt that way before.  It was as if someone had turned on a light inside of me, and I was viewing things for the first time.  The connection I had with Ben was going beyond just coming from the same race.  It was changing into something I had never felt before.
I turned to face him, and he was inches away from me.  My eyes searched his like a frightened animal.  Was he going to hurt me, suck life from my body, or kiss me?  A shock wave rumbled through my body.  I had never been with a boy, much less a man before.  I was sixteen, and never thought about guys-only how to escape the institutions I was imprisoned in and the darkness that always loomed around me.  I never had time to think about boyfriends or what a normal teens' life was. This was new, exciting, and?.something I wasn't ready for.
I pushed myself away and plopped down on the couch.  Ben cleared his throat and went into the kitchen.
"I will go and get you some warmer clothes today and some proper shoes.  You'll be safe here."

Ben left and I locked the door behind him.  I leaned against the door for a moment.  Yesterday I was living at an institution, and today I'm staying at a guy's house who claims to be a monster, can move at the speed of light, and suck the life out of humans.  But Ben also knew about my tattoo or hexmark as he called it, and with a swipe of some kind of oil, my cuts and bruises on my bare feet had disappeared.  If I wasn't crazy before, I would be soon.
I decided to get a shower while Ben was gone.  The warm water was welcoming, and I felt human again, or should I say monster.  I gazed at myself in the mirror.  I stilled looked like me with long brown hair and dark eyes.  I looked human, but always felt something inside of me was different.  I would have never guessed it would be called monster, but something about the word fit.  
I put back on my clothes and decided to wait for Ben on the couch.  It was nice to be in a home-like setting instead of the sterile surroundings of Sunrise Acres.  I wrapped a blanket around me and clicked on the television.  I flipped channels for a while and found a travel show on the Bahamas. I wondered where this "sanctuary" was at, and if it was anything like the show I was watching.  I turned off the T.V., and sat there staring into the blank screen.
"Am I gullible of stupid?"  I asked myself.  
Ben hasn't done anything to hurt me, and has been nothing but nice, but what was I doing letting him take me to some place I didn't know where it was at.  Yes, his house was a lot nicer than outdoors, but what would the future hold for me?  I had to think long-term, not just in-the-moment.  My gut told me to trust, and since I've been with him, I never felt so secure in my life.  My head and commonsense told me different.
I rolled up my sleeve to expose my hexmark when a sudden chill curled around me.  
I got up and turned towards the front door expecting to see Ben returning, but no one was there.  The sunlight blasting through the windows ceased, as the familiar darkness filled the room.  Shadows deepened, the air crystalized with floating ice particles, and the wood floors creaked from invisible feet.  
I tightened the blanket I had around me, and wished the thing away, but I knew it would never leave. It wanted me, and it would always find me.  
With my breath fogging in front of me, I scanned the room with my darting eyes.  The darkness was here, and it was stronger than ever, but?so was I.  My skin began to tingle around my hexmark.  I pulled my arm out, and could see it pulsating with a river of light.  
Suddenly the pots and pans that hung like ornaments over the island in the kitchen, clanked together as if someone had ran their hand through them.  A couple fell to the floor, and then hurled through the air as if the invisible feet had kicked them.  
The air began to hum with whispers as the ice particles that hung motionless, swirled with movement.  Was there more than one demon here?  
I had to get out of here, and turned towards the door when I ran into something solid.  They wrapped their arms around me and grabbed my wrist exposing the hexmark that looked like it had been electrified.
"You can fight them," Ben's voice whispered in my ear.
The ice crystals churned faster through the air as if someone had put them into a blender.  
With Ben's hand holding my arm in the air, I stared into the blizzard of crystals.  My hexmark burned with electricity. I felt alive, strong, and for the first time, brave.  I had something to fight back with, and I was going to use it to its full potential.
Ben's strength joined mine, and together the ice crystals began to swirl together forming a sphere of crystals.  The taunting whispers turned into a hurtful moan.  
I stepped away from Ben, and stood closer to the sphere.
"You can't get me, and you never will!"  I yelled into it just as a face, lion-like, formed in front of me.
I pushed closer with my arm extended as the lion-face opened its mouth in a silent roar, and with a loud pop, disappeared as if it was never there.
Silence filled the room.  I stood motionless hardly believing what had just happened. 
"Next time don't step away from me.  They could have taken you."  Ben twirled me around so I could see his angry eyes glaring at me with concern.
"Yeah, but they didn't," I said, with amazement.  "I fought them off and won."
"They will never be done fighting, April."  Ben warned.  "They will keep coming back until you kill the one that bit you.  That is the only way you'll actually win."
I looked at him with steady eyes.  "Then that's what I'll have to do-kill it."

Seth

"You are with me now?finally with me," Ezra said, running her hand over the side of my cheek.  "Stay with me."  She gazed at me with her desperate eyes.
"I want that more than anything.  I miss seeing you every day and I find myself searching for you when I wake up in the morning."  I held her shoulders tightly making sure she was really in front of me.
"Then say it, say you want to be with me."  She pulled herself closer to me.  "It's awful here without you, and we deserve a future together."
We did deserve a future together, but that's not how things worked out.  In fact, this isn't how things are supposed to be.  The it was pulling at me again.
I pushed myself away from Ezra.
"Seth?" she said, in a hurtful voice.
"It can't be this way," I whispered forcing the words from my lips.
"We don't have many chances at being together.  My time in the Shadowlands is running out?"  Her skin suddenly paled and fine cracks erupted on her cheek.  "Please Seth, come with me."  She reached for me as it took all my might to step away from her.
"I love you, Ezra, but you are suffering here?leave the Shadowlands and follow the path to the Mists.  I don't want you to suffer waiting for me."
Ezra stood motionless, and stared at me with eyes filled with hurt.  I couldn't come with her, and it pained me to let her go.
"Ezra?" I said her name softly.
Suddenly her image shattered as if made of glass, and before me with wild, round eyes was Nessa.  The roar of loud screams and yelling exploded around me.  Ezra was gone and Nessa now stood in her place.
"Come on!"  She demanded.  "Malachi found the opening, hurry!" 
She grabbed my wrist and we ran through the swirling fog until we found Malachi standing in front of a large, jagged mirror.  It wasn't very big, and looked like it had been cut away from a much larger portal.  
"They won't hold for long," Malachi said as screams from the glass people echoed in the distance.
"Her scent is strong, the angel passed here not too long ago," I said, running my hands over the portal.
It swirled like liquid silver, and I stepped through it grabbing hold of Nessa's hand.  "Take Malachi's hand and don't let go."
The portal was a thin one, and in the matter of only a few steps, we stood surrounded in peaceful darkness.  The portal had disappeared as if it was never there.  The wind was cool and I could hear it rustle through the leaves on the trees that framed the star-filled sky.  Tall grass swayed in the breeze that surrounded us.  We were in the openness of a field.
"Is this earth?  Do you think we are here?"  Nessa asked.  
"This is earth.  If angels have important business to deal with, they always conduct it on earth." I replied.  "It's their home away from home."  I tried to reassure Nessa.
"Do you smell the angel?"  Malachi asked.
"Her scent ended in the portal.  She must have extinguished it when she got here."  I turned towards Malachi's shadowy silhouette.  "But we won't find anything if we don't move."
Nessa and Malachi huddled together like two frightened rabbits. 
"Yeah, but what way do we go?"  Nessa asked stepping away from Malachi.
I pulled from my inside coat pocket a piece of paper and unfolded it.
"What's that?"  Malachi asked.
"The name of someone that is going to help us-my uncle gave it to me before we left along with their phone number."  I folded it back up and stuck it safely into my pocket.  
"Well, who is it, or are you going to be secretive."  Nessa grabbed hold of my collar and gazed up at me.
"Her name is Ayil Archer, and she used to work with my uncle before escaping Iethia."  Just then, a large semi-truck flashed by piercing the darkness with its headlights.   "There's a road over there."  I started to walk towards it.  "We need to get to the nearest town and contact Ayil."

We walked along the ditch littered with garbage to avoid being seen.  Uncle Hes told me to make as few encounters with humans as possible.  The mission I was completing for him was the most important one he had-I couldn't let him down.
"That mark isn't helping you, is it?"  Nessa asked suddenly as she walked beside me.
Another car was coming and we laid down on the icy ground until it passed.
"It isn't working, is it?"  She repeated.  
I took in a deep breath.  "No," I couldn't lie.  "It isn't working."
"She's weakening though. I could feel it when we were caught in the portal."  Nessa ran to catch up with me.
"Look," I said in a stern voice.  "We need to concentrate on finding our contact first."
"Don't you think your girlfriend haunting you is sort of jeopardizing our mission?"  Nessa was like a fly that kept humming around my head.
"I have it under control, and look,"  I said, stopping in front of a large green sign that sat imbedded in the ground by two metal poles and illuminated by a tall light overhead.  "We are entering Tuscany with a population of eleven hundred." 

It's almost disturbing how much this human town of Tuscany resembled the many small towns and villages of Iethia.  Though is shouldn't surprise me, monsters and humans are bound by blood-even if it is a distant relation.  
It was a quiet town with one main road running through it.  Most of the businesses huddled together along each side of the street marked Main Street.  Houses lined the side streets, and were illuminated by yellow lights.  The clock that hung in one of the store windows showed it was one in the morning.  It would be midmorning in Duneloc.  I wondered if it was Tuesday morning here or Monday morning.  
"Why are we stopping in the middle of the street right under a light?"  Malachi asked pulling me to the shadowed sidewalk.  "We can't be seen remember?"
"It's Ezra isn't it?"  Nessa pounced in my face.  "Look, you're going to have to ignore her because I'm not going to get caught in this world by some angel or demon from the hold she has on you."  She pinched me on the arm.
"It wasn't her!"  I jerked my arm away and hovered over Nessa as she scowled at me.  "I was wondering what day it was here.  Are we a day behind or ahead from Duneloc?"  
"The day isn't important, and I think Nessa is right."  Malachi looked steadily into my eyes.  "Ezra has a hold on you even though she isn't with you.  You are still haunted by her until she passes from the Shadowlands."
I didn't want to believe him, but knew he was right.  And more importantly, I didn't want to let down Uncle Hes or get my friends hurt.  I already endangered them when we went through the portal.  Ezra was suffering in the Shadowlands waiting for me to join her, but it wasn't my time to pass.
I took in a deep breath and saw lights from a lonely building flooding the corner of the street. "There's a business up ahead with its lights on.  Let's go see if they have a phone."
We went inside the brightly lit establishment that resembled the market place in Duneloc.  It had all kinds of caned beverages in tall coolers, packaged goods, and other incidentals one might need.  I walked in first followed by Nessa and Malachi.
"Excuse me, we are in need of a phone," I said to the clerk behind the counter.
She was an older lady with short hair that had a defined line from brown to the grey strands close to her scalp.  Her wrinkled skin around her eyes deepened with more wrinkles as her blue eyes glared at me with suspicion. 
"We don't let the public use our phone," said the clerk.  "Don't one of you kids have a cell phone you can use?"  She placed both hands on the counter, squared her shoulders, and began to tap her fingers on the counter.  "Are you buying anything or what?"  
Despite her small stature and age, she looked like a human that would fight if provoked.  I also knew she wasn't going to let us use her phone.  I had to do something instead of wasting time, and by the looks of Malachi and Nessa browsing the store, they weren't helping me much.
I quickly grabbed her wrist and stared into her shocked eyes.  She tried to pull away and get the wooden bat under the counter.  
Why didn't I just pull it out when I seen them kids come up to the door looking like they were up to no good?and at this hour.  I could read her thoughts easily, and tried to calm the woman.
This job isn't worth eight dollars an hour!  She was mad over the position she was in rather than the danger of a stranger grabbing hold of her.  This perplexed me, but I needed to use the phone without causing too much of a disturbance.
"Agatha," I said her name softly and her angered eyes met mine. "I'm not going to hurt you. I just want to use the phone to call a friend."
"How do you know my name?"  She asked calmly.
We stood facing on another with my hand wrapped around her wrist.  Her hand was relaxed and she stopped trying to pull away.  My ability to compel, had worked on a human.  
Being a monster meant you had gifts.  Mine was the power of compelling, but I was taking a chance of it working on a human, and by the look on the woman's face, it was working well.
"We need to use your phone," I repeated staring into her eyes.
"That will be five dollars."  Her eyes didn't blink and her words slowed, but she still retained her ability to fight back.  "It costs five dollars to use my phone-local or long distance."
"Nessa," I yelled out keeping my eyes locked with the clerk's.  "Malachi," I said and heard their footsteps come up behind me.
"Having trouble?"  Malachi asked standing beside me.
"I need some currency."
"Currency?"  Nessa questioned with a snicker.
"Yes, I have her compelled and she will see whatever I give her as five dollars.  Any piece of paper will be fine."  I felt my grip weaken on the woman.  My spell wouldn't last for long.  "Hurry or she'll be swinging a wooden stick at us soon!"
Malachi and Nessa rummaged through their belongings and bickered at one another as they did.  Up until now, I had complete confidence in my friends, but I was beginning to have second thoughts.
"Hurry up," I warned through gritted teeth.
"Here," Nessa said shoving a dark brown, rectangular shaped piece of paper in front of my face.  
I looked at the bold letters that said Hersey's.  I took it and handed it to the clerk who put it in her pocket and pulled out a boxy looking device from under the counter with a circular panel that had numbers on it.  Phones weren't like this in Iethia. I had no idea how to use.
"Dial this number," I commanded to the clerk as I handed her the piece of paper with Ayil's number on it.
She handed me what I assumed was the earpiece that had a knob at each end and was making a buzzing sound.  I held it close so I could hear when the ringing stopped.
"Hello," a female voice said at the other end.
"Ayil Archer?"  I asked pressing it to my ear with a pause at the other end.
"Yes," she finally replied.
"Hesediel Grayson sent?"
"I'll be right there," she said as her voice was replaced with a continuous buzzing sound.
"Ayil," I said her name and then looked at the earpiece.  
She had hung up and was coming, but how did she know where we were at?  I handed the earpiece back to the compelled clerk who put it away and stood waiting for another command.  I would release her with no memory of us being here when Ayil arrived.
"You're not going to believe this," Malachi said, coming up behind me with a canned beverage in his palm.  "I think we're too late, they are packaging up the serum and distributing it."
I looked at the black can with a burst of color behind the word Monster. 
"They're not even disguising the name."
"Where did you get it?"  I asked.
"In the cooler."  He motioned behind him.  "They have about a half of dozen different kinds back there just sitting on the racks and cases upon cases in the cooler."
I took the can from Malachi and shoved it in the clerks face.  "Who distributes this to you?"
She looked at the can and then at me.
"I said who is giving you this to sell?"  I raised my voice.
"It comes in a truck and Pete?he comes every Thursday," she said with my eyes bearing down on hers.
Not only could I compel, I also could also sense lying when I had someone compelled.  And she wasn't lying, at least not to her knowledge.  She knew no more than that it came off a truck every Thursday.  
"Tell me, do other establishments carry the same beverage."
She nodded her head.  "We have only five kinds though."
I gave Malachi a grim look as the door suddenly burst open.   A petite woman with long grey hair that was neatly pulled back came in and waved her hand over the clerk's face.  The clerk's eyes closed as the woman guided her to the ground.
"You shouldn't have compelled her.  It doesn't always work well on humans."  Her brown eyes gazed at me steadily.  "I'm Ayil, and you must be Hesediel's nephew."
I nodded my head.
"Good, then come with me."
She turned and I tugged on her shoulder.  "Wait, we found something."  I showed her the can.
Ayil looked at it and then gave me a crooked smile.  "Nice, isn't it?"
"Nice?"  I questioned. 
"It isn't what you're looking for.  That is what humans call an energy drink.  It won't turn them into anything but a bundle of energy.  Now, come on, I've been expecting you."

April

"The clothes you got me fit," I said running my hands over the denim jeans Ben had gotten me.  "It's been a long time since I've worn jeans.  I almost forgot how they feel." I stood at the end of the bar in the kitchen and looked at Ben sitting in a chair in the living room.  "Thanks," I said, after a few moments.
He was smothered in the morning sun that streamed in through the windows and warmed the house by what felt like ten degrees.  Ben tipped the book he was reading so he could see me.
He gazed at me for a few moments and then smiled. "You're welcome."
I sat across from Ben who turned his attention back to the book.
"Yolanda said she'd be back in a week to get us."  I leaned closer to him.  "So where is she taking us?  You haven't told me anything, and now I've been attacked by I think more than one demon."  I shivered, still feeling the cold air that surrounded me.  "My encounters had never been like that before."
"You're right, there was more than one demon, and I've put a protection spell around the house to weaken them."  Ben appeared confident and acted as though it was a normal thing to have demons invading your house.
He gave me a quick smile, and then started reading his book again.  He wasn't answering any of my questions.  
"Hey," I said taking my finger and tipping the edge of the book down so our eyes met.  "Where is Yolanda taking us?"
Ben's eyes twinkled.  "Here," he sat the book he was reading on the floor and walked over to his bookshelf, "better yet, how about I show you."
He pulled from the top shelf a large book about the size of a road atlas.  
"I got this from the night market in Nethopania and it is a moving picture book of an angel sanctuary.  It's kind of like a children's book, but it was designed so it could be understood by the literate and well as the illiterate."  He sat next to me on the floor as I leaned over the arm of the chair.
"Netho-what?angel sanctuary?" I raised my eyebrows.  "I'm sort of a newbie to all of this."
Ben looked up at me.  Our faces were close again, close enough for a kiss.  Caught in that awkward position again, I pulled back.  I barely knew him, but why did I feel so close to him, like I was connected somehow?
Ben cleared his throat.  "Alright, newbie," he smiled.  "Just listen, and I'll explain everything to you."
Ben flipped the pages filled with colorful pictures showing landscapes of jagged mountains, brilliant skies and fields filled with wildflowers of rolling hills.  Each one came to life with movement as he turned each page. 
"You see, guardian angels made a realm for themselves and the ones they chose to protect.  Sanctuary is a secure place guarded by angels, ran by angels, and made by angels.  By me giving Yolanda my serum, we will get to go here and live out our lives."  He shut the book that showed the last picture of a waterfall surrounded by a lush forest and colorful flowers.  As he did, I caught the sweet scent of those flowers and even a faint mist of the rushing waterfall.  "And demons can never penetrate the pristine lands of sanctuary.  Our earthly woes can't follow us there."  He looked at me with his brown eyes that nearly matched the rocks around the waterfall in the picture book about sanctuary.  Again, I was pulled closer to Ben, and again, I pulled away.
"Yeah, but will Yolanda come back?"  I asked crossing my arms.  "You already gave her the recipe for the serum.  She has what she wanted, so why would she come back for us?"
"Because she's a guardian angel of earth, and once an angel makes a promise, that promise is always fulfilled."
I nodded my head, and shifted my eyes back to Ben.  Who was more gullible, me or him? 
"Really, Yolanda is true to her word."  Ben defended himself from my uncertain gaze.  "If she doesn't come back, then something terrible happened to her."   He jumped up and put the book back on the shelf.  
"You mean get killed? Can angels die?"  I asked.
"No, not die like in the way of humans.  Humans have souls, angels are powerful entities and once that power is gone, so are they."  He grabbed his coat and threw a grey sweatshirt at me.  "Come on, it's time to test out any monster abilities you might have."
"What?"  I stood up as Ben went out the door.
I put on the jacket and followed him outside, but he was nowhere in sight.  It was like he vanished into thin air.  I called out his name and my voice echoed back at me.  The air was cool, but the sun warmed my back as I walked out farther into his front yard.  I called his name again only to have the cawing of several blackbirds answer me.
I was getting frustrated with the game he was playing when suddenly, I felt a twinge inside of me.  Something invisible to my eyes towered over me. I felt it like the sun had been covered by a dark cloud, and the warm rays cut off by whatever hovered behind me.  I turned around quickly hoping to catch it off guard, but there was nothing there.
My breath fogged in front of me as the air chilled even though the sun was out in full warming the autumn landscape.  It had to be a demon.
A gust of wind swiftly went through the trees disturbing the crows that were enjoying the warm sunshine.  I twirled around watching the squawking birds fly away.
"Coffee?"  A voice asked behind me as I turned and smacked the cup from Ben's hand with a swift kick of my foot.
It flew through the air as Ben disappeared in a flash, caught the cup and held it out in front of me.  I stood with gaping mouth as he smiled at me.
"If you don't like coffee, I have tea inside."  He took a sip from his cup.  "Good thing I put a secure lid on it."  I gingerly took the white Styrofoam cup from him. "Hurry and drink it before it gets cold.  The Java Hut makes the best coffee I've ever tasted."
"You?How?"  I shook my head.
"April, we both know I can move fast.  You shouldn't be so amazed," he said in a teasing voice.
"I know, I know, but it's not that."  I glanced all around.  "Something was here."
Ben looked around and then took in a deep breath.  "There is nothing here but you and me.  The protection spell is strong, I can sense it."
"No," I pressed my concern.  "Something was here, and I felt it."
Ben wasn't as shaken up as me, and that bothered me.  He was use to and understood the things that have haunted me since I could retain memories.  The things that went bump in the night didn't faze him, but they still made goose bumps run up and down my arms.  
"You may have sensed something, but the demons can't get you through the spell."  He took the last sip of his coffee.  "I know what you need."  Ben pointed his finger at me and went inside the house.
"What?"  I asked following him.  "How do you know and what is it?"
Ben opened the closet and pulled out a wicker basket filled with hats and gloves.
"You'll need these to protect your skin from the air."  He tossed me a black ski mask and a pair of leather gloves.  "Yolanda left those gloves here last time, and I keep forgetting to give them back to her."  He motioned with his eyes at the soft, black, leather gloves. 
They were feather-light, and soft, like a baby's blanket.
"I've become accustomed to the extremities of temperature when traveling as efficiently as I do."  Ben smiled.  "It's important for you to keep all of your skin covered for now." 
"You mean I can run as fast as you?"
He laughed as we went out the door.  "Well, you can kick like a mule so we'll see what you can do, but," he locked the door, "any monster can develop any of their abilities with a little instruction and a lot of practice."

We went to a barren field nestled between tree-lined gullies.  It was covered in short grass and outlined with a hotwired fence.  The field was on a hill and overlooked the blue-grey waters of the Mississippi.  
"Is this your ground or are we trespassing?"  I asked pointing to the sign that clearly stated no trespassing and all who do would be prosecuted. 
Ben glanced at the sign that hung crookedly on the tall hedge post, and was weathered with red letters turned pink and black ones turned grey.  But it was still readable, and I didn't want to get caught by the owner.
"No, this isn't my land, but the person who owns it won't even know we are here."  He grinned with a raise of his eyebrows.  "We'll be moving too fast for anyone to see us, and besides, no one is out here this time of year."
Ben had me do short sprints to warm up as a light rain began to fall and mist clouded the tops of the trees.  The temperature was dropping making me shiver.  But Ben didn't stop; he didn't seem bothered by the cold.
"How am I supposed to run as fast as you?"  I spat through chattering teeth.  "There is no way I can possibly run like that."  
Ben stepped in front of me with the grey sky framed behind him.  Rain delicately hit the ground in large drops as he gently lifted my arm and exposed my mark.
"This says otherwise."  I looked at it then at Ben.  "You are making your own obstacles, April Snow.  You shouldn't do that.  They will only get in the way."
I gave him a confused look.
"Making my own obstacles?"  I questioned.
"Come on, our lesson isn't over."
Ben sprinted up a steep hill with me panting behind him.  Rain began to steadily fall from the sky and my breath fogged in front of me.  I was soaked, cold, and miserable.
"To help you out," he said, gazing down the slope of hill.  "We will use this incline to assist in your speed."
"Assist in me rolling down the hill-isn't that what you mean?"
Ben smiled.  "Sense of humor?all the better."
"This time you won't be running like a human, but like a monster.  The strength is in your mark and the more you use it, the more it will become a part of you."
Ben had me stare at my mark until I had its pattern memorized.  Then with my eyes closed, I pictured my mark in my head.  I always thought of it as ugly, until now.  It was really a beautiful thing with its pencil-thin lines swirling on my skin.  My hexmark, I felt, was a permanent reminder of my traumatic childhood.  Now, I thought different.
The black color contrasted with my pale skin.  Swirling lines curled and intersected around one another like an artist had designed them.  I felt those markings reaching into me.  I suddenly realized I had a direction, a path, a course that had opened like a giant iron gate squeaking at the hinges as it did.  With so many possibilities rushing through my mind, I felt my head was a churning sea of memories, dreams, and fears that collided between my past and future.
Rain stung my face, and my hair flew behind me as I ran down the hill, through the pasture ground, over a fence until I came to a rock bottom creek.  I heard Ben calling for me, but I didn't want to stop.  Instead, I jig-jogged through the creek strategically placing my feet on protruding rocks so I wouldn't get my feet wet.  I ran as fast as Ben had gone through the forest when he found me, and it felt wonderful.
I didn't feel tired or exhausted or even freaked out.  It felt natural-a natural that I never thought I could feel.
Trees, fences, rocks, didn't flash by in blurs, but were highly detailed.  I could see them as if I was on a slow stroll admiring every nook and cranny of nature.  I smiled at myself feeling I was on top of the world when I thought I would impress Ben, who was still yelling at me to stop.  I propelled myself up the steep bank of the creek, and then slowed.  It would have been perfect if it wasn't for the unexpected large oak tree waiting for me at the top.
"April!"  Ben yelled.
I couldn't stop in time, and knew I was going to hit it when I thought-why not climb it.   With hands outstretched, and one giant leap, I reached out for a low limb and swung around like an athlete swinging on the uneven bars.  I twirled around and landed with my feet firmly planted on the crooked limb.  I stood overlooking the pasture ground in the distance as my head and heart slowed its pace.  My skin burned from the rain and cold, but I didn't care how much my body hurt, because I was alive.
"April Snow," said a wide-eyed Ben.  "You could have killed yourself!"
Still feeling the rush I had felt, I smiled at him.
"Yeah, but I didn't."  I bent my legs at the knees and jumped from the limb to the ground below.  "That was amazing!"
He shook his head.  "Just because you have the ability doesn't mean you are immune to getting hurt.  One wrong move could have been disastrous."  He grabbed me by the shoulders, and gazed at me with his brown eyes that erupted with flecks of green that matched the green grass that still clung to life before winter set in.  "Do you understand me, fledging?"  His voice was stern, and my arrogant smile faded.
His eyes searched mine for an answer, and at that moment I realized something.  Ben cared for me, and I mean truly cared for me.  We barely knew each other, but the amount of time that was required to know and care for each other, was replaced by who we were.  We were both monsters, and that was the only tie we needed.
"Why do you call me that?  Fledging-what is it?"  Ben had called me that a few times before. 
"Because that's what you are-a young bird that has just left the nest and still needs guidance so they don't get decapitated when running ahead of their guardian who was trying to catch up to them."  His eyes widened with a slight amount of concerned anger.
I couldn't help but to smile.  "So, I can run faster than you?"
He wrapped his arm around me with a crooked smile as we walked towards home with the grey sky gently rumbling overhead.
"You won't be for long if you don't watch where you are going."

Seth

Ayil's home was a two-story white house that blended in with the rest of the homes here.  It looked like they were all built at the same time as they were similar in design.  Large oak trees lined the street and hovered over a few cars parked along curb.  This was a sleepy town, which I could guess, nothing eventful ever happened here-a perfect place to traffic their serum.
"Please, make yourselves at home," Ayil said, as she tossed her keys to a small table just inside the door.  "Is this your first time to the human world?"  She asked making sure the door was locked behind us.
"Yes, and I can't believe how much it resembles Iethia."  Nessa quickly replied.
"You know my uncle, and you know what we are seeking after?"  I asked as Ayil motioned for us to sit.  "You understand the importance of our mission?"
"You don't have to be so under-cover-agent, I know you are trying to find out who is distributing the serum-I worked with your uncle for many years.  We are safe here with no one else listening in."  Ayil sat down on the couch just as a large cat jumped from the floor to her lap.  "Well, I guess there is one, but she can't understand what we say."  She stroked the calico cat as its green eyes formed slits and it began to purr.
"It's late and I'm sure all of you are exhausted.  We can discuss everything in the morning."  
There were three bedrooms, leaving Malachi and I to share a bed.  I couldn't sleep as Malachi was sleeping before his head hit the pillow.  Too many thoughts ran through my mind as I stared up at the ceiling that glittered back at me.  The house was quiet, and I listened to the furnace turn on and run its cycle three times before my eyes closed.

I was in a dream.  I knew this because I was standing in front of Ezra.  Her dark hair was pulled back, and her usual gauzing clothing was replaced with a black leather tunic and pants.  A sheathed sword hung around her waist.  Ezra was dressed in armor, but why? 
"The Shadowlands are changing-war is breaking out."  Ezra's tone was flat.
"War in the Shadowlands?"  I asked almost amused.
Suddenly the background shifted behind Ezra.  The gardens once filled with flowers and stages of places where we had been together were in shambles.  Fire erupted in the distance coloring the sky in orange as plumes of smoke rolled in the once blue sky.  Even the air smelled hot.
"Every one of us is forced to fight for the one thing that can change the Shadowlands forever.  Demons are here, Seth."  Her eyes flickered.  "The light orb that keeps this place in balance is in danger."  She looked over her shoulder.  "My time here is short-I have to go."
"Ezra, listen to me."  I grabbed onto her shoulders.  "Cross over and leave the Shadowlands."
She shook her head.  "I can't."
"You have to!  Listen to me!"
"The passage is controlled by demons.  To pass would be giving into them.  The Shadowlands are crumbling, and we are crumbling with it."
I wanted to hold onto her tightly, and take her with me-to earth.  
"Seth!"  I heard Nessa call my name along with Malachi.  They sounded like a cawing flock of annoying birds.  "Seth!"  They yelled again.
I curled my arms around Nessa and wished over and over again that Ezra could come with me.  Something tingled inside of me, like a spark hissing in the air from a newly lit match.  I hung onto that feeling and began to fuel it.  Ezra wasn't a warrior-she'd never make it in the Shadowlands, and I couldn't lose her in that way.  
I felt the light grow in strength, and when I couldn't hold it in any more, I passed it to Ezra.
The fire-scape of the Shadowlands faded.  I knew I was back at Ayil's home, but I still hung onto someone.  I opened my eyes expecting to see Nessa's usual angry-concerned eyes, but instead, Ezra was starting back at me with her blue eyes filled with shock.
"I'm?" she whispered.
"You're with me-it worked," I said, with a smile as I looked at Ezra and then at the horrified faces of Nessa and Malachi.
"Seth?how in Hell did this happen?"  Nessa stepped away with unblinking eyes.
"You brought back Ezra-from the Shadowlands."  Malachi crossed his arms and smirked.  "New ability-for a monster.  Bravo!" 
"I'm here with you," Ezra ran her hands over my shoulders and looked around the room.  "I'm really here-really here!"  She giggled as tears swelled in her eyes.  "I'm out of the Shadowlands and here with you, Seth."  She tightened her grip on my hands.
"This is amazing and to answer your question, Nessa," said Ayil leaning in the doorway with a mug in her hand.  "This sort of thing can only be done by angels, and no ordinary angel."
"But there was no angels in the Shadowlands," Ezra said, looking over her shoulder at Ayil.
"No, there isn't, but it seems Seth had acquired the ability quickly."  Ayil replied and stepped closer to us.
Sunlight poured into the room and illuminated everything in a golden glow.  Ayil stood in a beam of light that made her grey hair sparkle with gold flecks.  She smiled with her twinkling eyes.
"What do you mean acquired abilities?"  Nessa asked standing in front of Ayil.
"You mean Seth is an angel," Malachi said, with a pale face.  "How?"
"Not an angel, but the abilities of one.  To bring someone back from the Shadowlands takes strong powers-powers that can only belong to an archangel."
Chapter Four

April

I was still pumped up on how fast I had run, and not to mention, how I had outran Ben.  My body stilled tingled with excitement at my newly found abilities.  I felt a whole new world had opened up, and I finally had a place that I was beginning to fit into.  Ben was kind and patient with me, but I sensed something wasn't right at the same time it was.  I couldn't put what I felt into words, and didn't know how to explain it to Ben, it would be too embarrassing.  Instead, I pushed it away.  I had had enough of pain and disappointments in my past.  I wanted happiness and that happiness wasn't going to be clouded by anything.

"Yolanda just contacted me, and we are to meet her on Friday."  Ben smiled as he put his phone on the table.
"Where at?"  I asked.
"Not sure, she'll let me know just before we leave."
I looked around his house.  "So, you're just leaving everything?  What will happen to this house?  You just can't leave without doing something to it."
He laughed.  "Oh April," Ben said getting up and walking over to me.  "You are truly a caring soul."  He curled his strong hands gently around mine.  "That is why I chose you?" His phone began to vibrate on the table.
Ben read the text to himself.
"Who is it?  Yolanda sending a message?"
"No," he shoved the phone into his coat pocket.  "Just a little monster business I need to attend to.  Stay here and get some rest, because it will be a long trip to sanctuary."  Ben arranged the collar of his jacket, smiled, and planted a quick kiss on my forehead.  "Be back in an hour."
"But where are you going and why can't I go with you?"  I asked following him to the door.
"Be back," Ben said with a click of the door.
I went to the window and watched him leave like lightning through the forest.
"Really, leaving me here," I turned away from the window and crossed my arms.  "I don't think so."  I had the ability to run as fast as Ben, if not faster.

The cold air rushed past me as I darted through the forest.  I followed Ben's footprints and?scent.  It was an earthy smell, like the first few warm days of spring when everything was finally thawed and just sprouting buds, leaves and flowers.  I had noticed the scent briefly, and thought it was something in Ben's house, not Ben.  But it was him, and I could clearly follow it like a string tied from tree to tree.
I ran all the way to the outskirts of Westfall, a larger town a few miles from Ben's home.  It had a small strip mall, gas stations, several bars, and a high school.  Looming in the thicket that lined the ditch, I gazed at that school that sat silent.  Cars were parked in rows next to the brick building that had a circular drive in front of several glass doors.  The American flag waved proudly in what looked like a rose garden surrounding it.
If I went there, I'd be graduating and getting ready to go to college.  I had come to Westfall a few times when we would get to go on the rare outing from Sunrise Acres.  I memorized the buildings, names of businesses, and streets that we drove by.  Later, I'd mentally go down those streets and go into the shops with my made-up friends before I went home to have dinner with my made-up parents.  How l longed to have that life, but knew it would never be.  
I stepped out of the thicket and gazed at the school. I was so close to the life I had always wanted and knew I could never have it.  Suddenly, the glass doors flew open and several people came out.  Like a frightened rabbit, I scurried back into the bushes as to not be seen.  I watched a group of girls get into a small red car with a dented fender that was parked straight out from my hiding spot.  
I laid down in the ditch among the tall, yellow grass to make sure I wouldn't get caught.  They were going to Dairy Queen before they went to work I heard the last girl say before getting in with a slam of the door.  I could be one of those girls.  School?work?college?a future that I could decide, not the darkness that had followed me everywhere.
I watched them all leave until quietness surrounded me again.  That life was never meant for me.  I was a monster, whatever that meant I wasn't sure yet. I'd never fit in here, and I knew it.  Besides, Ben's scent was still strong and tugged on my senses like a leash.
I pulled up my hood and followed the scent downtown.  I walked past a café, furniture store, and a salon before the scent stopped.  Buildings lined each side of the street; some had businesses in them while others sat vacant. A few cars were parked along the sidewalk and a few people went in and out of the café and into the salon that looked busy.  Other than that, the town was quiet.
I sniffed the air and looked around.  The sky was a solid grey and the wind had a small bite to it.  I wasn't sure where Ben had gone anyhow, and if I wasn't at his house when he got back he'd probably be mad at me.  I gave up trying to find him, and started to head back towards the timber when I was pulled to the ground and quickly dragged into a narrow alley. 
"Delicious," said a scratchy male voice.  "Just right," he said turning me over to face him.
Skin hung in rotting strips on his face, and his eyes were clouded, like he had cataracts.  He gave toothless grin and chuckled as yellowed, pointed teeth poked out from his bloodied gums. 
Repulsed and shocked, I wanted to scream, but couldn't as he started to pull at my clothing.
"Must have you," he groaned.
"No!"  I managed to yell as I tried to push him away.
He ripped off my jacket as he grabbed me by the shoulders and slammed me back down to the hard ground.  Lights flickered around me as my body went limp long enough for him to start to undo my pants.  He was laughing and mumbling something to himself as he undid my belt and started to pull on my jean button when I knew I had to do something or be raped by this corpse.    
"No!"  I yelled through clenched teeth as I hit him in the jaw.
With a snap, his lower jaw flew off and hit the crumbling brick wall.  He looked at it then at me as bone protruded from his loose flesh.  His eyes squinted and turned blood red.
I raised my hand to hit him again, but his reflexes were quicker than mine.  His bony fingers curled around my wrist cutting at my skin.  I had to get him off of me and screamed out several times hoping someone from the busy salon or café would hear me.  But no one came.
The only thing free was my legs, and with my right knee, I slammed it into his crotch.  He yelled and rolled off of me as he moaned.  I got up stepping away from him and turned to run when I ran into Ben.
Ben looked at me and then at the man.  
"You can't leave him like this," he said, gazing down at him.  "This is the longest I've seen a human live after consuming serum."  Ben turned me around towards the man that laid curled in a fetal position and whimpered.  "He's in misery-put him out of it."
"What?"  I asked.  "I-I can't.  You're the expert in that area."  I gazed down at the man who didn't appear threatening anymore, but cried like an injured animal.  
For a moment, I saw a flicker of a human being through his grotesque appearance.  He was a man and he was suffering.  Something had to be done.
Ben bent down beside him and pulled me next to him.
"It's time you learned," Ben said, as his eyes turned solid black.
I gasped and tried to pull away, but Ben only shoved me closer.
"Feel his life force, or what's left of it, that surrounds him."  Ben pressed his body next to mine and whispered in my ear.  
"I don't feel anything," I replied.  
He pushed me slower to the rotting man.  "Concentrate, and let your hexmark guide you."
I thought of my mark and how it looked on my pale skin. It had given me the strength to fight off the demon that tried to attack me at Ben's house.  But I didn't feel the need to protect myself anymore, the dying man was no longer a threat, but begging me to put end to his agony.
I looked into his eyes, and a flash of a former life filled with dreams, hopes and a future, I could see clearly.  The man was that, a man.  His death would be slow if I didn't do something.  
I lowered myself closer to him, his eyes, now blue, was the only thing left untouched by the serum's poison.  The blood color was all but gone, and he clung to the last thread of his human existence.  I felt it radiate from him as if the sun was warming my skin.  With a skeletonized hand, he grabbed my arm.  I didn't flinch with disgust of his condition.  He was a human being and he needed my help.
"You have it, now take it," Ben said behind me.
Everything faded around me.  Yellow light engulfed me and the half rotten man.  But I looked past that, and all I saw was his magnificent eyes.  Like two tunnels of blue, I burrowed my gaze into them.  I was light and heavy with exhaustion at the same time as I pulled myself further into them until everything exploded around me in a burst of gold and blue flecks.
I jumped back and covered my face with my hands as I screamed.
"April, you did it," Ben said, holding onto me.  "You're alright."  
He took my hands away from my face as I gasped for air.
"There?there was an explosion?I'm hurt," I said, examining my hands and feeling my face as Ben chuckled at me.
"No, there really wasn't an explosion, it just appears that way."  He smiled at me.  "You relieved him of a bad choice he was paying dearly for, and," he pulled me to my feet as I noticed the bits of thin tissue blowing around my feet.  "You now have energy-his energy from his life force in you."
I glanced at the tissue remains of the man that looked like discarded Kleenexes. 
I should have felt disgusted or even sick at the thought of what just happened, but I didn't.  The man wasn't in pain anymore.  I ended his misery that was prolonging a certain death.  My body felt strong, and I wasn't a victim to any human, monster, or demon anymore.  
"But April," he looked at me with his brown eyes.  "You shouldn't have left the house."
"I didn't want to stay there and wait for you."  I crossed my arms.
Ben looked at me and then reached into his pocket and pulled out a pair of sunglasses.  "Well if you want to get back home without an angry mob coming to our house later with pitchforks and torches, put these on."  He handed them to me.
"Why," I took them and handed them back to him.  "I don't need them."
Ben pulled out a small mirrored compact and flashed it in front of my face.  I gasped and looked at Ben with horror.
"What the Hell!"  I gingerly touched my face.  My eyes were just as black as Ben's were.  
"They'll turn back to normal in a couple of hours.  It's your first Taking, and your eyes will be fine."
"Are you sure?"  I asked taking the mirror.  "What if they don't?"
"April," he took the mirror gently from my hand and put the sunglasses on me.  "Trust me, I've had to unfortunately do several Takings and after a few, the effects will barely last for no more than a couple of minutes."
"It will be hard to run through the woods with these on.  Can I take them off when we reach the edge of town?"
"We're not going to go home," Ben said, grabbing my hand.  
"Where are we going?"  I asked as he pulled me out of the alley.  "Did something happen?"  I whispered.
"No," Ben said, as we crossed the street and up to a black limo.
"Is this yours?"  I asked as Ben opened the door for me with a grin.
"Oh, sorry, wasn't fast enough, Mr. Marsh," said a thin man no taller than me dressed in a black suit and tie.
I looked back at Ben.  "Mr. Marsh?"
Ben nodded. "My last name."
I didn't know Ben's last name and didn't even think to ask. 
"As you requested, there's a chilled bottle of champagne and sorry, I couldn't get strawberries so I got chocolates from Shangri-La-strawberries aren't in season and well, nothing compares to produce grown there."
"Thanks, Sam," Ben said as he motioned for me to get in.  "Well, are you going to get in or let a few more of the townsfolk gather for the spectacle?"
I looked at several pressed faces that looked out from the salon window.  They didn't hide their gawking at us as I could see them as they talked among themselves.  
"I could take off my glasses and smile-that would give them really something to talk about."  I said with a raise of my eyebrows.
"Ben shook his head.  "Just get in."
  
Seth

"Demons have penetrated the Shadowlands, are you sure it wasn't someone's hallucination?"  Ayil asked Ezra.  "The Shadowlands are secured by the angels."
Ezra huddled next to me like a frightened cat.  "The angels have all but abandoned the Shadowlands.  Their portals are in danger and they abandoned the gates.  A few of us passed, but some lingered?"  Ezra nestled her head into the crook of my arm and wrapped her arms around me tightly.
She stayed and risked being caught by demons for me.  Ezra didn't escape the Shadowlands because she wanted to be together.  I took a deep breath and held her back stroking her hair.
"The demons will easily take the power of the orb and make the Shadowlands their own."  Ayil paced the floor rubbing her chin.
"That's not all," said Ezra.  "There were more than just demons there.  They had an army of new demons that I've never seen before.  They looked like a cross between demon and monster."
Ayil's eyes shifted to me.  "Demons must have been successful at transforming humans to hybrid monsters-this isn't good, not good at all.  Walk with me."  
Ayil abruptly went out of the room and into her study.  Malachi, Nessa and I exchanged glances as a light from the study flicked on.
"I said walk with me, and that means come here please," Ayil said with a raised voice.
We went into the cluttered room with books piled high and loose papers strewn throughout the room.  It looked like a windstorm had gone through it, but Ayil seemed to know what she was looking for.
"Tuscany was considered a sleeper town now, but at one time it was a major trafficking route for demons to transport their drugs.  And all was wonderfully quiet in what I thought was retirement for me, then, a monster, genius really, came to town with an amazing discovery," Ayil said as she rummaged through a basket she sat on top of her paper laden table.  "He had created a serum that we believe was contracted for him to make by demons.  Since demons are of a delicate state to travel to other realms, often use humans, monsters, and even fairies to do their leg work for them.  But this guy, this monster went to them, and I haven't been able to locate him.  He lives in the area, but travels and moves very quickly."   She then pulled something from her basket, and held it over her head.  "Ah ha," she said.  "This will be our secret weapon."  
Ayil had in her hand an amber colored stone.
"A broach?"  Malachi gazed at the antique looking piece of jewelry.  "A gaudy piece of jewelry is going to save everyone from demons?"
"This, my young monster, is no ordinary broach.  In fact, it wasn't even supposed to be a piece of jewelry-I had it made into one.  This amber colored stone is light from Iethia long before demons poisoned it."  Her brown eyes focused on me as her silver hair glistened with gold from the light emitted by the stone in her palm.
Ayil extended her hand towards me and smiled.  "And you will be the one to save us, archangel."  
"Archangel?"  Nessa blurted out pointing at me with her thumb.  "Seth isn't an archangel.  He couldn't even use a dragon blade correctly until I showed him."
Ayil shifted her eyes towards her.  "Nessa, some things are in us that we don't know we have.  Seth brought Ezra back from the Shadowlands, a feat no monster no matter how strong they are could do."
Ayil turned her attention back to me.  "Take this."  Her voice commanded.
I took the intricately cut stone that flickered with light.  "What do I do with it?"  I asked looking at her.
She smiled and then shrugged her shoulders.  "Your Uncle Hes gave it to me and said one day you'd come and said to give it to you.  As far as instructions, he gave none.  I disguised the importance of the stone as a piece of jewelry."  She then cupped her hand over mine that held the stone.  The light emitting from it dimmed.  "It's yours and as a monster with an archangel heritage, the limits of your power are infinite."
"You mean Seth can rule any dimension he wants?"  Malachi asked standing next to Nessa.
"His powers are infinite; I didn't say what powers were infinite, and dimensions are another story-they require more than just having the power to kick ass."  Ayil stepped in front of me.  "There are things that one must discover on their own, rather than have someone tell them everything.  Power must be understood on one's own terms, not by following in another's footsteps."
I looked at the stone then at Ayil.  She was telling me something that I didn't understand and before I could ask any questions, she turned off the light and motioned for us to leave the room.
 "I suggest we all get some rest as our hunt for this serum-making monster will start tomorrow as well as the never ending battle with demons."
"Wait," Nessa said, turning towards Ayil.  "Shouldn't we start now?  I mean the Shadowlands are being taken over by demons and you want to go to sleep like nothing is happening.  What if Iethia is attacked?  What?"  Ayil waved her hand over Nessa's face.  
Malachi caught Nessa before she slumped to the floor.
"She's right about some things, but she hasn't been in very many battles."  Ayil glanced at all of us.  "Anyone else want to discuss as to what we should do now besides go to bed and get a few hours rest?"   No one said anything.  "Good, be up by sunrise."

"I can't believe I'm here with you," Ezra whispered as she laced her fingers through mine.
The moonlight poured in through the window as the breeze made the tree limbs sway making shadows dance across the floor.  Ezra laid next to me, her body was warm, her skin was soft, and she was as I remembered holding her.
"And I plan on keeping it that way."  I gently kissed her on top of her head smelling her sweet scent.
"But what if it comes back?"  Ezra sat up, and gazed at me with worried eyes.  "What if my cancer comes back?"
I sat up and curled my arms around her.  "It won't.  Didn't you listen to Ayil?"  She nodded.  "I'm a monster with the abilities of an archangel."  I could hardly believe those words were coming out of my mouth.  "If I can bring you here from the Shadowlands, then I think I can stop anything that might hurt you-including cancer."
Ezra took in a deep breath and burrowed her head into my shoulder.  "Just hold me, Seth and be like how we were with no disease, no serum, and no demons.  I want it to be just you and me watching the sun come up over Black Sea in Iethia-our home."
I closed my eyes and thought of home.  I had a simple life compared to now.  Uncle Hes always said I was special, and I wondered if he knew of my archangel abilities.  But I didn't want to think of that right now.  I wanted to go back to a time when it was going to the beach with Ezra and going out with Malachi who deemed to annoy every girl he met when he was trying to impress them.
Suddenly, a bright light flicked on and I opened my eyes to see Ayil standing in the doorway.  
"No rest for the wicked, come on, there's been a disturbance in Brumbriar.  It's about an hour away.  Time to put your abilities to work," Ayil said leaving as she left the door open.
"Seth," Ezra said with worry.
"It will be alright.  I promise," I said, putting a black wool coat over her shoulders and kissing her on the forehead.
I wish I knew how to use my abilities to transport us back to Iethia and to another time before demons ruined our world.

April

"Alright," I said, as I watched the scenery go by through the tinted window.  "You have got to tell me where we are going."
Ben smiled.  "No, I don't, because it is a surprise and you should've stayed home like I said.  Now, as your punishment, you'll just have to wait."
"Seriously, you're punishing me by feeding me chocolate and allowing an under-aged person to consume alcohol?  I think I can handle it," I said, taking a sip of the sweet champagne.  I've had a couple of glasses and found getting buzzed felt pretty good.  "You know Sunrise Acres should give out booze for sedatives-not to mention to make the place a little bit better to live at."  I giggled as Ben took the glass from me.
"I think you've had enough spirits for now."  He then handed me large white box with a silver bow on it.  "Here," he said.
I took and looked at it.  "What is it?"
"Really, haven't you ever been given a gift before?"  He smiled.
"Yes, but?"
"Just open it April and see what's inside."
Like a kid at Christmas, I tore the tape from the sides and flipped open the lid.  Inside, glittering back at me was a silver beaded dress.  I lifted it up and it sparkled like diamonds.    
"Ben, it's?"  I've never had or been given anything so beautiful before.
"Don't like it?"  He asked.
I looked at him with wide eyes.  "Don't like it?  I love it!"  I gently put it back in the box and wrapped my arms tightly arm him and began to cry.
"What's the matter?"  He asked pushing me away as he held onto my hands.
"No one has ever given me anything so beautiful before."
Ben laughed and then hugged me.  "Oh my April Snow, you surprise me all the time."

It was noon when we arrived in the city of Brumbriar.  I still didn't know what Ben had planned for us and no matter how much I questioned, he still didn't tell me.  So far, everything has been nothing but a wonderful dream I was caught up in and didn't want to wake up.
We went down several streets lined with magnificent houses surrounded by manicured lawns and tall oak trees that edged the street.  Rich people must live here I thought as I watched each house go by.
"I can't believe people actually live in those humungous houses," I said, turning to Ben.
"Some of them are very old, and have been made into apartments, but some are still owned by the original families.  And here is the one we'll be staying in."
The limo came to a gentle stop as my door opened and Sam smiled at me.
"We are here Miss," he said, stepping aside as I got out holding onto the box my dress came in.
"Oh, no, let me get that for you."  Sam took the box from me that was nearly half his size and managed to shut the car door as well.
I looked up at the house that was in shambles and looked to have been abandoned many years ago.
"Come; let's not linger too long in the street."  Ben slipped his hand around my waist as we followed Sam up to the rickety looking house.
"We're staying here?"  I asked.  "Is it even safe?"
Ben smiled at me as we stood at the end of the stone path that led up to I'm sure a once grand porch.
"You're not seeing it as a monster-you're seeing it as a human."  He looked down at me with his emerald eyes.  "Look at it again, but this time, really look at it."
I shook my head wondering how a second look would change anything.  I gazed from top to bottom and nothing changed.  Broken windows, peeling paint, splintered spindles on the railing of the sunken in porch led to a beautiful stained glass window, untouched by time and neglect, glowed brilliantly from a light that suddenly flicked on.  I gasped at the transformation of the house that blossomed before me.  The old house was washed away, and its once former glory stood before me.
I looked at Ben with surprise.  "How?"
"It's a glamour made by our host.  Not all are welcomed here, but we are.  Let's get in before our glamour wears off."
"Glamour?you mean like a spell?"  I asked looking over my shoulder at the other houses with cars parked outside in the driveways.  A pickup truck drove by.  "You mean whoever just went by couldn't see us?"
"No, they can't, but not for long."  Ben tugged gently on my arm.
It felt weird knowing I was invisible, like a ghost, walking up to a house that was really in shambles, but in some magical way, beautiful.
Sam carried my box in along with a large leather suitcase and sat it down.
"Will that be all Mr. Marsh?"
"Yes, thank you Sam for your services."  Ben handed him a large gold coin about the size of a half dollar.
Sam nodded and flipped the coin in the air before putting it in his pocket.
"Anytime sir," he said, with a bow as the door shut behind him.
The foyer was magnificent with marbled floors, glistening chandelier, high ceiling that was made of stamped copper panels, and richly stained wood that was polished so much it too even glistened in the soft light.  
"So if this house is really falling down, how are we seeing this?"  I asked gazing at everything as Ben looked at his phone.
"I thought she'd be here," he said, preoccupied with his phone.  "She should have been here or at least messaged me."
"It's simple Mr. Marsh's companion," said a female voice from the darkness beyond the foyer.
Light footsteps clicked on the floor as a woman with striking red hair cut into a bob and blue eyes, emerged from the shadows.
"I do apologize for my absence to greet you right away, but I was stuck in traffic downtown-accident."
She turned on some more lights and sat down a cloth bag that had groceries in it.
"It's off season so I didn't have the usual stuff I keep in the kitchen and without any extra help?"
"No need to explain.  I know you opened just for me and I appreciate you doing so."
"No problem, we are happy to serve frequent customers."  She smiled as her blue eyes glistened and slick hair made tiny points at the ends that brushed against her rosy cheeks.  "Oh, and to answer your question," she looked at me.  "This house is always under a glamour.  Think of it like a picture taken of it a long time ago, and then take that picture and layer it over the present time.  It is the same place, but two different points of time are occupying the same space.  Monsters, angels and even demons can enter the time glamour that has transformed this house.  This one I created several years ago, and it serves the enchanted community exclusively. That is the simplest way I can explain it, but it's much more complicated than that.  Did that kind of answer your question?"
I looked at Ben.  "Yeah, I think so.  It's amazing?I've never thought anything like this could exist."  I gazed around the room still trying to fathom two points in time occupied the same space, but only we can see it.
"I'm glad you like it.  It's nice to be appreciated for the glamours I create.  Sometimes I think it more of an art than just an ability one has."  She stepped closer to me and gazed at me with her sapphire eyes.   "We are doing things backwards.  My name is Eveie, and I'm the hostess and owner of The Ivy Inn."  She smiled.
"I'm April."
Eveie nodded with a smile of her pink lips. "Let me take your belongings, and I'll show you to your room."
Eveie was tall and thin, and also very quick to go up the stairs.  She took us to a room encased in cherry wood paneling, marbled fireplace and a large puffy bed with a lace bedspread adorned with a matching canopy.  The room was beautiful, but I felt nervous about sharing a bed with Ben.
"Do you like your room, April?"  She asked.
I turned around and felt my cheeks flush.  "Yes, it's absolutely gorgeous."  
"And I have your usual room ready for you, Mr. Marsh." 
Good.  Ben has his own room-no pressure.   
"I'll have a light lunch ready in about an hour."  Evie stood at the doorway with a warm smile.
"No need," Ben said.  "We'll be going on a picnic."
"Alright, dinner will be at seven.  Don't be late," she said with a click of the door.
"Picnic-it's like forty degrees out."
Ben smiled as he laid down on the bed.  "Not where we are going."
"Where are we going? The Bahamas?  Do you have a plane waiting to whisk us away?"
He sat up.  "No, a portal that will take us to another dimension where the weather is much nicer for picnics."  Ben got up and grabbed me by the hand tightly.  My skin tingled under his touch.  "Come on let's go."
"Alright," I said, agreeably.  
Other dimensions don't exist, but I didn't think real monsters, angels and the demons that followed me did either.  I felt an overwhelming trust with Ben.  I was like an abandoned pet that he'd found in the forest, took me in, and cared for me.  No one has ever done that before, and I'd let Ben take me to the edge of the world if he wanted to.  
Among the hidden grandeur of the inn, was a portal that went to several places Ben said.  He told Eveie we were taking it like we were going to borrow the bikes outside and tour the town, not go to another world to have a picnic.  
In an interior room in the house that had no windows, was were Eveie kept the portal.  I wasn't sure what to expect, and was surprised that it was a small platform made of what looked like solid glass.
"It isn't going to break," Ben chuckled as he reached for my hand.
"So how exactly does this work?"
I stepped up as Ben wrapped his arm around my waist.  "Hang on and find out," he said as he pulled out what looked like a cell phone.
It lit up as he ran his thumb over it.  The air around us began to hum and I felt the platform vibrate under my feet.  Ben held me tighter and smiled.
"You're going to love where we are going."  He whispered as my heart raced and I held onto Ben.
The humming grew stronger as lights flashed like lightning through the milky haze.  As quickly as the white and illuminated fog curled around us, it was cleared away by a sudden breeze.
Blue skies, rolling green hills dotted with lush trees, and the sweet scent of flowers surrounded us.  A warm wind gently blew as colorful birds flew overhead.  Sunbeams pierced through the puffy clouds to the emerald landscape below.  
"Are you going to get down or just stay on the platform?"  Ben asked with a smile.
"It's beautiful," I said as he helped me get down.
The grass was thick, like plush carpeting and cushioned each step.  It was as if I had walked into a painting with vivid colors, and perfectly spaced trees that were all the same height.
"Where are we?"
"This is one of the gardens of Avalon.  We are bordering Sidhe Hills in the world of the Faes.  They have several gardens that many visit from all over.  The Fae created this world by magic and it's been here for a long time."
"Fae-you mean like fairies?"
Ben wrapped his arm around me.  "Not the butterfly-winged, delicate, flower-hopping fairies you're thinking of.  They are just as tall as us and have no sparkling wings.  They are actually producers high-grade weaponry used in many different realms."  We stopped beside a tree on top of a small knoll.  "And this, April, is the city of Avalon."
In the distance was a cityscape of glistening buildings.  They looked like diamonds in a necklace that sat in a blue, velvet lined jewelry box.  It sparkled, shimmered, and shined so much, it didn't look real.  But it was real, and I was here in another world with a man, or monster that saved me from who knows what.  
"April."  Ben's voice questioned.
I turned around and looked at him.  He took his thumb and smeared a tear away.  His soft, brown eyes seemed to draw me closer and nearly matched the grass and trees surrounding us.
"This can't be happening to me.  I escaped from an institution for runaway and crazy kids?and," I shook my head.  "I'm here-with you, and everything in my past makes insanely sense now."
Ben took a deep breath and wrapped his arm around me as we looked at the glistening city.  "What's insane and sane depends on what realm you are in, and you, April Snow, were in the wrong realm."  He turned me to face him.  "But you're here with me.  I saved you and brought you where you need to be."
Ben did save me, and I owed him a lot, otherwise, where would I be?  I felt a veil, dark and suffocating, had covered me too long.  I always thought it was me who was wrong, flawed, and cursed by the darkness that made me different and forced my mother to give me away.  Like a curtain opening before an audience, my life was filled with light and hope.  I had been given a chance.
Ben's eyes gazed into mine as if he was reading my thoughts.  I brushed my fingertips across his cheek and he closed his eyes as if savoring my touch.  I closed my eyes and gently kissed him.
He ran his hands over my shoulders and down my back.  I felt a connection with Ben that rooted its way deep into me.  I've never been with a boy, much less a man before.  Something was different, because I was different, and Ben was different.  Human rules didn't apply to us-we were monsters. 
Like a delicate summer breeze, Ben pushed me away and smiled.  "Shall we," he said, pointing to the blanket and basket that waited for us under the tree.
"So do the Fae just leave a picnic basket under every tree here?"  I asked sitting down.
Ben opened the basket and pulled out a bottle of wine.  "No, I ordered it and told them when to deliver it."
He poured the wine and gave me a glass.  "How many different realms do you travel to?  To me, it's like you're some celebrity who has connections everywhere that open their Bed and Breakfast for you at a moment's notice and arrange a picnic at your whim."
Ben raised his eyebrows and cleared his throat.  "Well, to answer your first question, I mainly travel to three: earth, Iethia, and here in Avalon.  I can go to about any realm, but you have to be cautious as to where you travel-just like anywhere.  And as far as the hospitalities I enjoy," he smirked.  "I have several connections that I've acquired throughout my travels and as far as being a celebrity, that depends on how you define it."  Ben pulled out a plate that had cheese and grapes on it.  "Ah, perfect.  You must try this, it's the best Avalon has to offer."
I took the slice of marbled cheese that Ben handed me.  Its tangy flavor and the sweetness of the grapes were a perfect match that I had never tasted before.
"That's really good," I said as Ben poured me some more wine.
I took a sip knowing my head was already starting to spin and I wasn't sure if I could get up without tumbling over.
"I'm glad you like it, because you deserve it, and so much more."  He gazed at me for a moment with a distant look in his eyes.  "But I didn't bring you here to just let you visit another realm and sample the best wine and cheese it has to offer."  He reached into his pocket and pulled out a small, blue velvet box.
I held my breath, because was he??
"April Snow, we hardly know each other, but I know you are right for me, and I've searched many places throughout my travels to find a companion."  He held the box in front of me, and with grinning eyes he opened it.  "I want you to be my mate for as long as we live."
Staring back at me was a square stone that flickered with shades of blue and white.  
"What?you mean like marry?"  I lifted my eyes from the ring as my mouth felt like cotton balls had been shoved in it.  
Ben chuckled.  "Yes, April Snow, will you marry me?"  He took the ring out as it sparkled violently, almost like it was on fire with blue flames.  "Be my wife, my companion, and as monsters call it, my mate for all of our time."  His voice was sincere as he held the ring for me to take.
I gazed at it.  Marriage-that's something you do when you're older, not seventeen.  But I wasn't a normal girl, I was a monster, and I belonged to a different culture, a different race, and there was no place for me in this world anymore.  Ben, I saw it clearly in his eyes, he cared for me and longed for someone to care for him.
I held out my left hand and smiled.  "Yes, Benjamin Marsh, I will be your mate."

Seth

"What sort of disturbance have you been alerted to?"  I asked Ayil as we sped down the road.
"One concerning our serum chef," Ayil said with her eyes steadily on the road.  "The head of this district was alerted to demon activity in Brumbriar at the address," she picked up her phone and quickly scrolled through her messages.  "345 White Street."  She shoved her phone back into her pocket.
"Demons," Ezra said, sitting between Ayil and me.  "They can be powerful."  Even through the darkness, Ezra's eyes were filled with worry.  I squeezed her hand.
"How powerful are the demons causing the disturbance?  And more importantly, will we have anyone helping us?"  Malachi asked leaning forward.
"No, no one will be assisting us as I said," Ayil glanced back at him.  "This is a sleeper area district.  Disturbances aren't supposed to happen, but they are."  She set her eyes back on the road.  "As far as the strength of the demons, all I can do is guess, and if they are in Brumbriar and have set off the alarms, I'm going to guess very strong."
"That could mean there is more than one," Nessa said, leaning forward beside Malachi.
"Or just one big, ugly demon rather than a whole party of them," Malachi said.  "Then we don't have to chase them around like spoiled children."  His tone was passive, and I knew out of all of us, Malachi had encounters with demons once before and feared them the most.
"We took no weapons, so how are we to fight them?" Malachi asked.  
"There are no weapons we can use on them from any realm.  That is why the angels cursed them so they would have to stay in the shadows or die.  But a few managed from time to time escape, gain strength, and are now a nuisance."  Ayil's lip curled into a grin.
"Yeah, but how are we going to kill it, or are we just going to go and play with it?" Malachi said with a chuckle from Ayil.
She didn't answer Malachi, but instead, continued to chuckle and mumble to herself as if he had told her a joke.  I glanced back at him.  His nothing-bothers-me attitude was slowly dissolving.
"With this," I said, holding up the glistening orange-yellow stone.  "The light from Iethia."  I tried to sound confident even though I had no idea how to use the stone.
Malachi shifted his eyes to me.  "What are you going to do, throw it at them?" His sarcastic tone covered the fear I could see clearly.
"Not throw it, use it against the demon."  Ayil said as we passed a sign welcoming us to Brumbriar.
I looked at the tiny stone that was no larger than the size of my palm.  "I've no experience with this, Ayil," I said as we turned down a house lined street.  "Please tell me you can instruct me to some degree on this."  
Ayil glanced blankly over at me as we stopped in front of a large house.  "It's a part of you, and when the time comes, you'll know what to do.  I may not know the stone's secrets, but I know enough about it that it is yours and it will guide you when needed."
"You mean we have to depend on Seth's intuition?"  Nessa asked as Ayil got out of the car. 
"Come on, we can't let the demon win."
The cold and pungent smell of smoke filled the air.  Everything was still in this little, oblivious town.  Humans, most of them, had no idea of the danger that sat quietly in the darkness and would overtake them if we didn't stop it.
"The house is under a glamour," Nessa said, looking up at the two story house.  "The Ivy Inn-it's a bed and breakfast?"
"Good perception, now let's go and say hello to the little demon," Ayil said as she crept up the stairs.
Nessa was behind her and I held Ezra close to me.
"Seth," Malachi whispered behind me, and grabbed me by the shoulder.  "What if it isn't a little demon?"
Malachi with his dark hair and strong stature, truly looked like a warrior-and now, like a frightened warrior.  
"Little or big, a demon is a demon.  We have Ayil, who seems kind of eager to get to it, and," I pulled out the stone that glowed with an amber light in my palm.  "We have this.  It feels powerful to me," I said more to myself.  "Don't worry, Malachi, I don't know how to explain it, but this little gem is very powerful and with Ayil guiding us, we'll be fine."
Malachi looked up at the house and let out a sigh.  "Let's go before it comes out here."
To humans, this house was abandoned, but to anyone in the enchanted community, it was a beautiful bed and breakfast guarded by spells and a glamor.  It was richly decorated with items from many different realms: Spherical orillions glowed with soft light overhead, paintings of the beaches from Atlantis with its blue waters and pink sands hung on the walls, and in a sitting room off to the side sat an opened bottle of wine from Shangri-La with two glasses beside it.
I picked up the full bottle and looked down at the two clean glasses.  Someone was here celebrating-could it have been demons?  The alarms had been set off and the house was dark and empty.  The demon could be gone or was hiding in the shadows waiting for us.
Ayil led the way as we followed behind.  The only sound was the ticking of the clock and the only light was from the dim orillions overhead.  Then suddenly Malachi, who was ahead of me stopped.
"Blood, lots of it," he whispered covering his mouth.  "Monster blood mixed with demon?there was a fight."  He pointed to the table that had been knocked over and the wallpaper that looked like claws had ripped through it.  
Ezra ran her fingers over the claw marks and looked up at me.  "Demon, strong too, I can feel its lingering energy."
"Lingering, meaning as in gone I hope," Malachi said shifting his eyes to me.
"In here," Ayil announced as a light flicked on through an open doorway.
We went inside the kitchen, or what was left of it.  Nessa and Ayil stood over a body of a man lying face down.  He was dressed in a long, black wool coat and splintered bits of wood along with other kitchen rubble surrounded him.
"What was he doing?  Cooking up a batch a serum when it exploded?"  Malachi examined what was left of the oven.
"The demon has been gone for some time-I can sense it," Ezra said stepping beside Ayil and gently touching her on the arm.
Ezra looked at her with her dark, brown eyes.  "Are you sure?"  Ezra nodded.  "I guess your Shadowland senses are to be trusted.  Come on; let's see who this gent was."
Malachi and I flipped the man over.  His skin was bruised with a large gash across his cheek and a deep one across his chest.  Black blood pooled on the floor.
"He's a monster, but I can smell demon blood too."  Malachi stepped away wrinkling his nose from the smell only he could sense.
"Wait," Ayil shoved the light she held in her hand closer to the man revealing another person underneath.
"Is it the demon?"  Nessa asked standing beside her.
"No," Ayil replied removing some of the debris.
Malachi and I stepped closer to see it was a young girl dressed in a silver dress.
"It's a girl," Ayil's eyes shifted to the man.  "They look like they were on a date or something of the sort by the way they are dressed, not making serum," she said flipping the man's coat open and examining the pockets.  "Nothing on him," she announced as she stood up.
"Do you think he's the one we are looking for?"  Nessa asked.
"It's hard to say, could be, but we never had any description of him.  And with no evidence here other than a demon attack, I can only guess.  I think there was some connection, because why would a demon come to a bed and breakfast and demolish it for no reason?" She asked rhetorically.
"Disliked the service," Malachi said, with a shrug of his shoulders.  
"They don't risk their wellbeing to just crash a party."  Ayil glanced at all of us dismissing Malachi's reply.
"Yeah, but this one did," I said, gazing down at the girl.  "They must've had some connection to the serum."
"That's what I think too.  They could have been striking a deal, or drumming up potential customers, and obviously whatever happened here, didn't go well."  Ayil glanced down at the dead couple.
Suddenly, the girl lifted her bloodied hand smeared with red-black blood.  Her eyes opened trying to focus on her surroundings. "Ben," she said in a whispered, raspy voice.
"She's still alive," Ezra said, stepping towards her.
Ayil knelt beside her and pushed away more debris.  The girl gazed at Ayil.  "I'm not going to hurt you."  Ayil's voice was soft.  "Malachi, Seth, help me with her."
 Malachi and I lifted the girl up by the shoulders, gently cradling her arms around our necks.  Her head flopped to my shoulder.  
"She has a hexmark-possibly a royal one."  Malachi held her arm with his free hand and turned the girl's arm to reveal a mark.  She was one of us, a monster, and a rare one to have such a mark.
Ayil looked at it and turned off her light. She glanced at us with her dark eyes and silver-grey hair that seemed to catch what remaining light there was.  "Let's get out of here just in case there might be a round two."

Chapter Five

April

Flashes of unfamiliar faces surrounded me.  I tried to call for Ben, but couldn't sense him anymore.  What had happened to me?  I couldn't remember.  Pain filled my whole body as I tried to call out for Ben.  Voices I didn't recognize encircled me as I clung to my senses that were fading into the blackness that beckoned.
Ben had just proposed marriage, and I was going to have a future with him in a safe place where the darkness and the demons that lurked there would never penetrate.  But that had been shattered by an explosion of light.
"She has been bound by a spell," a voice cut through my thoughts.  "And above all, it was a love spell.  The odds of coming out of it are slim."  They were talking about me.
"Let's hope she does so we can find out what happened in that house."
I wanted to cry and scream at the same time.  Who were they, and what about the love spell?  Did Ben have something to do with it, or was it put on me by demons as a joke?  There was a demon, a female one that was at the Ivy Inn.  Ben had protected me and paid the price.  His face drained of color?arms wrapped tightly around me?his eyes focused solely with mine?light?fire?explosion?
On the edge of remembering everything, I pushed it away.  I didn't want to remember, at least not now.

I didn't want to open my eyes, but they did like two released springs.  I sat up in the amber glow of a sunset, or was it a sunrise?  What was this place?
"Ben?"  My voice croaked.  "Ben!"  
I was in a bed in a room with a dresser, nightstand, and closet doors that were ajar beside me.  The surroundings I didn't recognize, and wondered who or what had brought me here.  The voices talked about a love spell.  Where they monsters, demons, or angels?
I swung my legs over the side of the bed, and pushed the dizziness away. Walking quietly towards the door, I listened for anyone who might be in the house.  There was no noise except for the whooshing sound of cars going by outside and the occasional gust of wind pressing against the window on the other side of the room.  Pending, eerie silence circled around me. 
As I stood waiting for something to make the first move, I noticed something glimmering beside me.  It was my dress draped over a wooden rocker-bloodstained.  Gingerly, I picked it up as the light overhead flicked on.  Wide-eyed, I gazed at the boy standing in the doorway.  He leaned against the doorjamb and crossed his arms with a curious expression on his face.  He didn't come towards me, but stayed put like a watchful, curious cat evaluating the situation before he should pounce on me or not.  I pressed the gown Ben had given as a present protectively to my chest, and took a step away from him.
"I'm not going to hurt you," he said, looking at me with his brown-gold eyes.  "My name is Seth."
Frozen, I didn't reply.
"Please don't be scared, we want to help you."
We-there was more than one, but how many.
"I'm a monster like you."  Seth took a step towards me, and I took one away.  "You are involved in dangerous things, and we are trying to protect you from them."
He knew I was a monster, and he was one too.  His unblinking eyes focused on me.  Seth was gentle looking with his gold eyes, wavy, pale, brown hair, and rounded face with a square jawline-the kind of person you'd see on a cover of a magazine that girls would swoon over.  
Summing up his teddy bear qualities, I noticed he too had a hexmark on the inside of his right forearm.  Thick, black lines didn't curl gracefully on his skin like mine, but instead were jagged and sharp.  
Seth stepped forward rolling up his sleeve to reveal more of his mark.  "It's called a tribal hexmark, and are rare for most monsters to get.  The majority of monsters have clan hexmarks, and are a combination of tribal, and royal, like yours," he said, nodding towards my arm.  "Yours is called a royal hexmark, and is far rarer than mine making you special."
I held out my arm and looked at the swirling lines.  
"You see, mine I was born with, but yours had to be uncovered by a wizard or someone who knew what and how to work with hexmarks."  Seth's voice was as gentle as his appearance.
"The gypsy woman gave it to me when I was just a little girl.  My mother said it would protect me."
Seth stepped closer and brushed his fingers across my mark.  "Protect from who?" His eyes lifted to mine.
I drew in a deep breath and covered up my mark with the sleeve of the oversized shirt I was wearing, and wrapped my arms around my stomach.  "Demons," I replied studying his response.
He nodded his head and turned from me.  "Yes, they are terrible creatures, and there was one or maybe more at the Ivy Inn where there was a reported occurrence of their energies being used."
My insides quivered.  "Ben," I whispered looking away as tears welled in my eyes.
"Ben-who's Ben?"  Seth asked.
"He's gone?he died?protecting me," I said, sitting on the bed.
The flood of the memories I tried to repress, broke and crashed through my head and heart as I could no longer hold my pain in.

Seth

The girl cried as though she was trying to commit suicide by doing so.  I had never seen someone in so much pain. She finally let me sit next to her on the bed and wrap my arms around her as she wept on my shoulder.  I didn't talk to her or try to get any information as to what happened at the Ivy Inn, where she was from, or anything about her.  She was hurt not only emotionally, but also coming off of a very powerful spell.
"I think she fell asleep," Ezra said, flipping the light off.
I looked at the girl who had stopped crying, and was silent.  I laid her gently back on the bed and covered her up.
"Did you find anything out?"
"Very little," I replied standing up.  "She's too upset and with the spell-she may not even have any memory of exactly what happened."
Ezra stepped closer to the girl and knelt next to her gently pushing back her hair in a motherly way.  "She's young and old at the same time.  And her hexmark is a special one."
"She said a gypsy woman gave it to her.  Her mother wanted her protected."  I stood behind Ezra as she continued to stroke the girl's hair.  "She referred to someone named Ben."
"Was that the other monster at the inn?"  Ezra asked.
I shrugged my shoulders.  "I'm not sure, she didn't tell me anymore, but I'm going to guess that it was.  The pain was too much for her to continue questioning."  I empathized with her; I knew what it was like to lose someone you loved.
"I can help her," Ezra said, looking up at me with her nearly black eyes that I knew were not that dark, but a deep blue.  "I can speak to her right now and get a lot more information than when she's awake."
"You mean enter her dreams?"  I asked knowing it took a lot of energy to do that, and Ezra was still weak.  "Ezra, you have to think of your well-being."
She smiled as she stood up and curled her delicate fingers through mine.  "I'm not made of the thinnest glass as you think I am.  It does take a lot of energy, but it will help us immensely.  I will be talking to her on her own terms and space.  The spell that had been placed on her is stronger in waking hours, but ceases in her dreams where it's her own grounds and nothing can penetrate them."
I drew in a deep breath and tightened my hold on Ezra's hands.  "Yes, it would be helpful, but it isn't wise and we can talk to her more when she wakes."
Ezra looked at the girl.  "It's a love spell, Seth.  It will take too long to get anything out of her.  Entering her dreams will be so much more productive." 
I shook my head.  "No, Ezra, I won't allow it."
She snickered like a child laughing at a push-over parent who was raising a defiant child.  "You can come with me and be my protector."
I looked at the girl knowing we'd find out a lot more than trying to talk to her while she was awake, then I looked at Ezra.  She was strong, resilient, and could charm the coldest of hearts.  I knew she had a determination and strength that always amazed me-she was in the Shadowlands longer than she should have been and survived me bringing her out of them.  I held her by the arms and examined her as she smiled at me.  Besides, when she made up her mind, there was no stopping her.
"Malachi, Nessa, and Ayil went shopping to get more supplies-I think Malachi was eating Ayil out of house and home.  Ayil said she is waiting for her consort to contact her for our next move."  I shifted my weight and glanced down at the girl.  "We have an hour, and that's it."
Ezra smiled and tightened her grip on my hands.  "Then let's be quick."

April

Blackness was ripped away like giant claws were tearing it away.  I didn't want to be in the light anymore.  The darkness made me feel nothing, made me numb, and forget that my heart ached to the point I thought it could quit beating.  I had allowed myself to love, and that love was taken away from me-fate had made it that way.  I was a monster caught in the human world trying to find my home, but I never would.
I knew I was lying on a grassy hill from the texture of it under my hands and by the earthy, mellow scent.  I felt warm sunshine on my back, but refused to look at it.  Why was this dream so vivid?  And was it a dream or had I died?
I pushed myself up and could see distant mountains wrapped in a purple mist, lush trees dotted the hilly landscape, and the sound of a trickling stream filled the warm air.  It was beautiful, almost as beautiful as Avalon.  
"Ben!"  I yelled out as I stood up.  "Ben!"  I called his name again as I turned around to see a girl and a guy standing next to each other in front of me.
The girl with her dark hair and dark eyes approached me first with a warm smile.  "Don't be afraid, we are here to help you."
"Who are you?"  I asked.  "And where is Ben?  Have you seen him?"
The girl stopped in front of me.  "My name is Ezra, and this is Seth.  What is your name?"
The boy stood in the background with his eyes fixed on me.  He looked familiar, but through my foggy head, I couldn't place him.  "April," I finally said.  "But Ben?where is he?"
Ezra smiled.  "Is Ben your companion?"
"Yes, he proposed to me and?now I can't find him."  I felt tears sting my eyes.
Ezra kept her gentle eyes on me and ran her fingers across my cheeks as she made a shushing sound that you'd make to calm an upset child.
"You're getting weak, Ezra," Seth said, walking up to her and protectively placing a hand on her shoulder.
"I'm fine, but April here isn't.  We need to help her."  She smiled.  "Tell us where you're from and what you were doing at the Ivy Inn so we can help you find Ben."
"He took me to Avalon and asked me to marry him, and when we got back?"  I looked away and towards the distant landscape that resembled Avalon.  "Where are we?"  I asked in a low voice as Ezra turned me around and gazed into my eyes.
"What happened when you got back?"  Her body began to tremble as she tried to maintain her composure.  "April, we are trying to help you."  Ezra closed her eyes tightly as Seth wrapped his arms around her.  "Tell us what happened."
"We have to go, Ezra!"  His voice was filled with concern.
Suddenly the blue skies shifted to black, boiling clouds.  Lightning flashed overhead and the wind shifted as I looked over my shoulder at the approaching storm that was no storm, but something much darker.
"The darkness," I turned back to face them.  "That's what was waiting for us-the stupid, stupid darkness!"  I twirled back around and faced it. "You can't have me!"  I yelled as black clouds swooped downward and headed towards me.
I raised my arm, the one bearing my hexmark, and with all my might I pushed it away.  Tendrils of light flowed from my open hands and curled through the clouds like ribbons that pierced it like sharp, unforgiving needles.  The clouds boiled, but were losing strength and beginning to break up from my relentless light-ribbons that continued to twirl around it until it was all but gone.  Only when I saw patches of blue sky did I lower my hands.
"It's gone?I won," I whispered to myself as I turned around to see Ezra lying on the ground, and Seth cradling her head.
Her skin was drained of color, eyes closed, and blood trickled down the corner of her mouth.
Seth lifted his eyes to me.  "April, we have to get out of here, and you're the only one who can do it.  Your hexmark is strong enough to work the portal."
I shook my head and looked at my mark.  "I don't know how."
"Yes, you do," Ezra said, barely opening her eyes.  "You have strength?take my hand."  She lifted her hand like a mother extending her hand to a child before crossing the road.  "You'll be fine."
The black clouds I thought I had killed were gaining strength again as thunder rumbled behind me.  I turned to look at them churning and this time, they formed a face-a woman's face that was clearly molded from the grey clouds.  She smiled as the bodiless face charged towards us.
I couldn't fight her, and grabbed Ezra's hand.  Light exploded between our hands as the mass of grey clouds skidded over us.  Everything was a blend of golden, piercing light, and grey-black clouds that slowly dissolved.

I woke to a multitude of footsteps and voices all speaking at once.  Pushing myself up, I realized I was back in the bedroom and lying on the hardwood floor next to the bed.  Seth hovered over Ezra.  There was a woman with grey-silver hair and a girl about my age with white hair.  They were concerned about Ezra.
"Seth, the stone," the silver-haired woman said.
He pulled a yellow stone, about the size of his palm, out from his pocket and looked at her.
"Place it in your palm and hold it over Ezra," she instructed.
"I don't know its powers.  What if I hurt her?"
"You won't, and if you don't, she'll die."
I sat still and watched as Seth held in his palm the stone now glowing in an amber shade.  Dew-like beads of sweat formed on his forehead as his unblinking eyes focused on Ezra's pale face.  With his other hand, he pushed away her dark strands of hair from her face.  His eyes were distant and solely focused on her as if lost in a memory that was immune to the silver haired woman's non-stop commands.  Ezra was so pale, it looked like she had already died and Seth wanted to follow her.
"Listen!"  The white-haired girl yelled and smacked Seth across the face.  He hardly flinched.  "You can't bring her back if you don't listen to Ayil!"
Ayil cupped her hand over the stone as Seth cradled it in his palm.  Their eyes locked.
"Concentrate on the stone, summon its light," Ayil said, in the now quiet room.
Gold, orange, blue and purple flecks of light curled like fog around their hands containing the stone.  It brushed across Ezra in the multitude of colors until it nearly concealed her.  Suddenly, she gulped in air like someone that had been underwater for too long.   
"It's alright, I got you," Seth let the stone drop to the floor, and wrapped his arms around Ezra who gasped for air.  "I've got you and I'm not letting you go again."
"The Shadowlands?.I can't?" 
"Don't talk," Seth said, looking Ezra in the eyes.  "You're here and that's all that matters."
Ayil picked up the stone, and handed it to Seth.  "Here, you better keep this close."  Seth took it and placed it back into his pocket.
I stood up, unnoticed, and crept towards the door.  I didn't know these monsters, or what their intentions were.  I had to get out of here.
"Where do you think you're going?"  A boy with black hair and ice-blue eyes asked blocking the doorway.
I stopped and gazed up at him speechless. 
"You can't leave our little party yet, the fun has just begun.  And besides, we'd love to hear all about the party at the Ivy Inn."

Seth


April stood frozen like a tiny rabbit that had been caught by a hunter.  She was frightened, and I knew we'd get nowhere with her in that state.
"Malachi, let her go," I said, with a shocked look and an arch of Malachi's left eyebrow.
"Let her go?"  He looked at me like I had gone crazy.  "She's kind of important here, and you're letting her go."
I stood as Ayil led Ezra to the bed.  "Yes, but if she leaves, I can't speak for her safety.  There are demons still on the loose and strong ones at that.  She knows we are monsters like her, and mean her no harm, but if she wishes to go?"
"You can't let her go."  Malachi glared at me as if I had gone mad.  "You got your girlfriend back, and you think that's all that matters here.  Well that's?"
"I know that's not all that matters here," I said raising my voice.  "April has no warrant out for her capture or reason to be held."  Force was not the way to get April to tell us what she knew, Malachi didn't understand that.  "But she also has a spell on her-a love spell designed by the Fae and infused with the power of monsters."  He crossed his arms and half smirked at me.  "You can leave, April, but I don't advise you to.  The demons that attacked you at The Ivy Inn are still out there."  
She looked away as tears streamed freely down her pale cheeks.  She had been through a lot, and I knew if we forced her, it would be close to impossible to get anything out of her.  Ezra had already risked her health by entering her dreams, and we barely got her name.  April, just like a skittish rabbit, had to be coaxed, and I had the ability to compel.
I let my eyes lock into hers.  She was drawn in easily, either out of curiosity or fear.  I gently took her by the arm and let my mind blend into hers.
"Seth," I heard Nessa say my name beside me and I shushed her keeping my eyes on April.
She let me in easily, almost as if she was begging for help, but didn't know who to trust and as a result, cautious.  April was like walking into a spider's web-no matter how much you pull and push you aren't going to get anywhere by force.  I had to remove strand by strand.  
"My name is April Snow," she said to me in her thoughts-she knew what I was doing.
I smiled inwardly at her innocent and child-like manners.
"My name is Seth Fairstone," I replied.
"I'm scared," she said, with a tremble.
"There's nothing to be scared of when in the company of monsters-we are the same as you.'" I tried to encourage her to keep going and not fall into the fear that had nearly taken her over.  
"No, I'm not,"
Instead of words, April used emotions to tell me her story.  Her mother had given her away in ignorant fear as to what had inflicted her daughter-April had been bitten by a demon.  She lived in foster homes, and finally an institute where the people living in shadow reside.  It wasn't until Ben found her did she finally felt a place had opened up for her-she belonged somewhere, and to someone.  But that had been taken away by another demon.
"What did the demon look like, say, and did it reveal its name?"  I asked 
April paused, and I thought I might have lost my compelling connection to her.
"The demon was Eveie, and she ran The Ivy Inn.  She knew Ben and the serum he had created," she paused again.  "He-he protected me?the explosion and he died so I could live?"  She was beginning to fade.
I released my hand from her as April stood with her dark hair curling around her face like black, frayed ribbons.  Her skin was as pale as a full Iethia moon, and her child-like eyes peered up at mine.
"Evie was after the serum and I have the secret ingredient in here," April said, lifting her left hand and revealing the sparkling ring on her third finger.  "And I want revenge."
Chapter Six

April

I had been compelled to love Benjamin Marsh by a love spell he had put on me, but I didn't care-he had cared about me more than anyone in my life.  He died protecting me and entrusted me with the ingredient to his other love-the serum he had created.  
"Please, April, you must be hungry," Ayil said, in a motherly tone.  "I can make you anything you like."
I couldn't help but to smile at her.  "No, I'm not hungry, but thank you,"
Since Seth, I learned compelling was his monster ability, had used that power to talk to me, everyone has been quiet and acted as though we were not in danger.  I stood by the window and gazed through the sheer curtain.  On the outside of the window, I'd look like a ghost to a passerby, but to me the world outside was shrouded in a haze that was slowly thickening the more I found out.
"So what happens next?"  I asked tuning around.  "We can't just stay here and cook and eat as though nothing has happened."  I tried to not sound agitated, but it came off that way anyhow.  "A demon, which ran a B&B just killed my?" I let my words trail off, "and tried to kill me over a serum that can turn humans into an army for demons-kind of like zombies in a movie?a bad, bad zombie movie."
"Pancakes are ready," Ayil yelled into the living room like she was calling her family to breakfast.
"So you've seen firsthand what the serum can do?"  Ayil asked.
I watched Nessa and Malachi take a seat at the table.
"Yes, and it's horrible," I said, shaking my head remembering the man in the alleyway.  I could still feel his energy enter me and the way he begged me with his eyes to put an end to his misery.  I opened my eyes, Malachi was putting syrup on his pancakes and Nessa was impatiently waiting to put some on hers. "What are you people doing?"
Malachi passively looked up at me.  "Eating.  No sense in going hungry when chasing demons and saving not only this world, but our own as well."
Our world.  They had a 'their world' that I now belonged to too.  "So, where is your world at?"  Might as well get some questioned answered since we don't seem too worried about finding the demon and the serum that was so important. 
"Turn left when you go out the door, walk about three miles to the portal, and in the matter of seconds you're in Iethia," Malachi said being the first to finish his stack of pancakes.
"I'm going to take something to Ezra."  Seth started to get up.
"No, you hardly touched anything on your plate."  Nessa gently wrapped her hand around his wrist.  "Sit, eat, and I'll take something to her," she said quickly getting up and leaving with a plate of pancakes before Seth could get out of his chair.
Seth rubbed his forehead and let out a worrisome sigh.
"Iethia, is it something like sanctuary?"  I asked shifting my eyes to back to Malachi.
Ayil twirled around from the dishes she was doing at the sink.  "Sanctuary, you mean like an angel sanctuary?"  She asked as blobs of soap bubbles dolloped on the floor from her hands.
Malachi and Ayil gazed at me waiting for an answer as Seth stared blankly at his barely eaten pancakes and twirled his fork through the syrup on his plate.  
"That's where Ben and I were to go," I said, not taking my eyes from Seth.  "But he said it was built by angels."
"And how were you to get there?"  Ayil asked drying her hands off.
I shifted my eyes to her.  "I don't know.  An angel, Yolanda, was to take us there.  Ben gave her the recipe for the serum for safe keeping.  She was going to meet us in about a week."
"Where?" Ayil asked.
"Ben didn't tell me."
"Of course he didn't tell her," Malachi said turning to Ayil.  "She was his spell-struck pet, and he wasn't going to reveal anything to her."  He flipped his hand at me as he kept his eyes on Ayil.  "She might be a demon made monster, but that doesn't make her a true monster," he said looking at me over his shoulder with a smirk.
I never thought not being considered a monster would make me mad, but it did.  I wanted to challenge Malachi, but now wasn't the time or place.
"Angels can't always be trusted."  Ayil shook her head.  "The majority, yes, but there are those that fringe on the border of who they are supposed to be.  The Demon-Angel wars didn't help the matter either."
"Those wars were a long time ago," Malachi said as I took Nessa's spot at the table.
"Yes, but the effects still linger."  Ayil leaned against the counter and lit up a cigarette.
"Yolanda smoked too," Ayil slid her eyes over to me as I said my thoughts out loud.  "I mean I was surprised to see an angel smoke.  I thought they were supposed to be pure and protect people."  It was too late; I think I had just put my foot in my mouth.
Malachi let out snicker and shook his head.  "Oh, spell-struck pet, your head has been miss-led to the fabricated stories about angels.  Yes, there are good ones, but most are like you and me only with superpowers far beyond our own."
"And even the prettiest, fairest of angels can't be trusted.  Sometimes it's the ugliest, most unlikely creatures that are your allies."  Ayil crushed out her cigarette and joined us at the table.
"Ben must have trusted Yolanda enough to give her the recipe before she took us to sanctuary," I said as Malachi shook his head again at me like a teacher trying to instruct a struggling student.
"You don't get it," he looked at me with his blue eyes that nearly matched the sky outside.  "The serum can, if used successfully, tip the scales on who controls the portals connecting the realms, decides which race should survive and which one should be exterminated, and last but not least, who should rule for eternity-and that spell-struck, is a very long time."

Seth

"She said Evie, the innkeeper at the Ivy Inn, was a demon in disguise, and knew that Ben had manufactured the serum."  I looked down at Ezra as I twirled my fingers through her silky hair.  "April said the ring, her engagement ring, contains the secret ingredient for the serum, but she's been spell-struck, and anything she tells us may be the truth or it could be fictitious.  Right now, she doesn't even know what's true and what isn't."
"April's strong," she said in a weak voice as she glanced away from me.  "The spell is a strong one, but she'll quickly overcome that.  Her years of suffering had made her resilient.  I could sense that when I entered her dreams."  Her eyes flashed back to me.  "That demon bite should have killed her, but instead it changed her into something unique, and?something that could benefit our situation."
"Benefit??"  I asked as Ezra began to cough.
I helped her up as she covered her face and fought off the violent coughing spell.  I didn't want to think it, but Ezra was fading in this world.  The disease that took her life before, had come back.
Finally, she calmed and began to take in deep breaths.
"I won't be in this world for very much longer," she said looking me steadily in the eyes.
I grabbed a tissue and wiped the blood from the corner of her mouth-the only color to her.  She was drained of energy and suffering.  It didn't take any magical ability to see that Ezra was slipping away.
"I can't go back to the-"
"You're not," I snapped.  I got up and paced the floor running my fingers through my hair.  "I'm a monster with archangel abilities."  I looked at her.  "I can make you better as you once were." 
She shook her head.  "It's only temporary, and is no life for you," her withered appearance was a prelude to what was the evitable.  "You can't be fixing me every two minutes."
"I brought you back from the Shadowlands, I can save you, Ezra," her lips curled into a small smile.
"I love you, Seth, with all my heart, but I had died.  Archangel or no archangel abilities, you can't bring back the dead and expect them to live among the living."
I let out a disgruntled sigh.  
"But," she said, lying her head back down.  "There is another way, and April Snow can help."  Her eyes flickered.  "She has done a Taking before." 
"A Taking?"  I questioned.  "But how is that going to save you?"  I asked knowing some monsters had the ability to consume the life force of others making them stronger.
"April, since she was bit, has been incomplete.  She will never be whole, no matter how much she tries.  The poison from the demon will call her to that side one day, but with what strength I have left?"
"No," I said.  "I won't allow it to happen.  There has to be another way."
"There isn't, not for us."

Ezra, I knew, was right.  There was no other way to save her, but I didn't want to give into that solution right away.  We still had a mission to complete that if not successful, would not only destroy Iethia, but Earth as well.  Not to mention, I would be letting down Uncle Hes.  I had to put my duties above my desires right now and I hoped that Ezra could survive until I did.

"We decided to take another look around at the Ivy Inn," Malachi said as I sat beside Ezra who slept soundly.  
"For what?"  I asked trying to force my concern from Ezra to our mission.
"What do you think?"  He asked rhetorically in a sarcastic tone.  "We want to have tea with the demon and leave a five star review for her wonderful hospitality."  
I didn't respond, just kept my eyes on Ezra.
Malachi stepped closer to me and gazed down at Ezra.  "She loves you, but I know she wouldn't want you to risk our mission to just save her.  Think of everything that is at stake here."  He knelt down and met my eyes.  "Everything," he repeated.
"What do you think of the demon that was at the inn?"  I asked.  "Any residue left that you can sense?"
Malachi shifted his weight and bit his bottom lip.  "No, but that demon is a sly one.  It won't make it easy to be found. Besides, that's another demon for another adventure."  He turned and stood by the door.  "Nessa agreed to stay and watch Ezra, besides she's in my opinion, too little of a monster to deal with big, bad demons."  I let a chuckle escape my lips.  Nessa and Malachi were like brother and sister-protective and annoying at the same time.  "And the demon that destroyed my family is something to not be reckoned with, at least not with a strong wizard or two at your back.  And wizards detest monsters, so I think we're out of luck there."

To humans, the inn was an abandoned, half-falling down building that was tolerated by them through a series of protection spells so it wasn't knocked down in this world. It can only exists as it was as long as the structure was maintained, or at least still standing up, in both realms.  The only bad thing-the spells were fading and the structure had caution tape around the perimeter along with a license for demolition plastered across the door.  Soon, it would be gone and possibly the only connection to the demon that nearly killed April.

Ayil, Malachi, April and I walked in under an invisibility spell, so no humans would be alerted.
"Anything?"  I whispered to Malachi.
He looked around the room from the ceiling to the floor, and then gave me a solemn look with a shake of his head.
Quietly we walked through the house.  Torn wallpaper, peeling paint and broken windows was in contrast to the highly polished wood railing that led upstairs-meaning the spell that the demon maintained was fading rapidly.  It was in a state of change that slowly revealed its condition to us.
"I'm not picking anything up but static from the decomposing protection spell," Ayil said holding out her cell phone.
Malachi glanced at her as he leaned against the railing.  "Is that your phone you are using as a receptor?"
Ayil smiled.  "I might be old, but I'm not technologically impaired.  I downloaded an app that can be used just like one of your fancy-schmancy receptors."  She smirked with a cock of her head.  "And mine isn't picking anything up."  She shoved it back in her pocket.
"Wait," April, who had been quietly following said.  She closed her eyes and turned around with her arms bent at the elbows and hands outstretched as if someone trying to navigate while blinded by darkness.  "The darkness?"  The room took a sudden chill as the air around April formed ice crystals suspended in midair as if they had been flashed-frozen.  "It's here."  She opened her eyes and looked directly at me as something invisible knocked her to the ground.
Malachi was closest to her, and as he went over to pick her up, he was catapulted across the room and into a mirror.  Glass shattered and spun through the air like darts.  The glass-darts whizzed around me and Ayil as she dodged them to reach April.  Malachi staggered to his feet as one of the glass shards sliced him on the shoulder.
"Use the stone!  It's the only thing that will stop it!"  Ayil yelled covering April.
I pulled the stone from my pocket and held it high in the air.  I didn't know how to use it, but I didn't need to.  Just holding it against my bare skin was enough to feel its power radiate from it through me.
Instantly, the glass shards stopped and moved harmlessly in mid-air as if suspended by string.  They glistened along with the crystalized air.
"It's making a shield around us, but it's not going to last."  Ayil pulled April up and wrapped her arm around her.
"How are we to fight it then?"  Malachi asked holding his bloodied arm.  "It's a demon, we are monsters and we're nothing but play things to it.  How are we to contain it?"
"It's attracted to the stone and will go after it no matter what.  Kind of like a bug to a light."
"You mean we are going to zap a demon with that?"  Malachi asked pointing at my stone.  "We should plan things out a little more rather than just going by the-seats-of-our-pants."  
Just then, the glass shards began to pick up speed and gather into what looked like a funnel cloud.
"I can guide it to the stone," April said as she pulled away from the protective arm of Ayil.
April extended her arms towards the rotating mass of shards as her hexmark-her royal hexmark, radiated with light.  Ayil, Malachi and I stood behind her as the frozen air churned and a dark, fluid shadow stood in front of April.  I held up the stone not sure on how to contain a demon inside of it. 
The glass slowed as the shadow slowly took form of a woman with short, red hair.  She was tall and wore a long, pink sweater over jeans and had on grey, leather boots.  She looked like any human, not a demon that formed from the shadows with shards of glass surrounding her.
April stood frozen with her arms still extended.
"Stay away!"  She yelled as Ayil pulled her back and behind her.
"Stop demon!"  Ayil warned with her glowing eyes.
The red haired demon stopped, smiled and then laughed.  "Love your eyes, but they don't scare me, and neither does your little stone."  She flicked her eyes at me and then suddenly laughed then stopped with a sour look.  "How dare you come here, but I am glad that you brought my daughter to me."  She smiled as she crossed her arms and cocked her head to see April.  "Yes, you April Snow, of room 23 at Sunrise Acres, I'm talking to you."

April

"You are not my mother, demon," I said, with a sickening feeling in the pit of my stomach.
"I'm the one who bit you," she smiled at me.  "Your mother didn't deserve you because she didn't care about you nor did she want you.  Things were that way without me, darling.  If it wasn't for that stupid gypsy, and your mother's knowledge, I'd have you in my brood.  It was pure luck that Benjamin found you."  She paced the floor as she walked through the hovering glass shards.  "The serum? a daughter?what a nice little present for me," she said with flickering eyes.
"Seth, the stone," I could hear Ayil whisper as Eveie, the demon, began to sing a familiar lullaby-rock-a-by-baby-the one my mother used to sing to me.
"Your mother sang that to you, didn't she?"  Eveie asked as she walked around the room. 
"You. Are. Not. My. Mother," I said as flames now burned inside of me.  I wanted her dead for all the years that had been stolen from me.
"She wanted to protect you, but at the same time, she didn't.  You had become a burden to her."
Her words were like a squirming tentacle that grew into me like a choking vine.  She was the demon, the darkness that had followed me all my life and she was standing in front of me.
"Why?" I asked staring into her human-like eyes.  Was that how she always looked?  Human?  "Why me?"
Eveie smiled with delight at my question as if she had been waiting for me to ask it.  "Why not you?"  She asked.  "You are special, April.  You have things inside of you that you can't even begin to comprehend-neither did your mother, and, your father?died too soon to reveal himself to you."
"April," Malachi said behind me, pulling me back.  "Don't listen to the demon; it's playing on your emotions."
Eveie's eyes shifted to him with maliciousness.  "You know that first-hand, don't you Malachi."  She began to laugh.  "So, really, is this the group of vigilante monsters sent to capture me?"  Her eyes scanned us.  "Pathetic."
My body shook with fear and anger.  She knew things of my past, my family?I had to know. 
Malachi grabbed my shoulders and shoved me behind him. He pulled a dagger from his side and flung it towards Eveie.  She caught it with her bare hand and then crushed it, releasing the black dust from her palm.
Something had to be done.  Seth and Ayil both held the stone in their hands and were chanting something, but I knew whatever they were doing, it wouldn't work, not on this demon.
Eveie stepped towards Malachi and lifted him by the neck into the air.  "I should have killed you while I had the chance.  I thought it would be fun to see what happened to a little, frightened monster boy as an experiment.  And I can conclude that all you want to do is still kill me-only with more vengeance-interesting."
The spell Ayil and Seth were making, was taking too long.  I snatched the stone from them and held it my arm that had my hexmark, and aimed it at Eveie.  Immediately, it began to glow in a bright light that curled around us like swirling fog.  Gold, orange and white light filled in around us as I stared at Eveie.
At first, she smiled at me with amusement, but then as my power grew, her pleased smile faded.  She let go of Malachi as her image began to fade like someone was erasing her.
"All I wanted was to be a mother, April?I," her image then shifted into my mother's as I remembered her the day I was taken away from her: outstretched hands, long brown hair, and except this time, she didn't look relieved, she was filled with as much heartbreak as I had felt.
"Take her, she's tricking you!"  Malachi stood beside me as my arm began to shake.
"I love you, April," said the voice of my mother.
I wanted to give in.  "Mother," I whispered as Malachi took my arm, wrapped his fingers around my wrist tightly and shoved the stone that I held in my hand into Eveie's face.
My mother's image shattered along with the screams of Eveie's voice, and was sucked into the stone.  The force pushed Malachi and I backwards to the floor as the last of the black smoke was drawn into the stone like someone had sucked it up through a straw.  
I laid next to Malachi on the floor with our arms extended over our heads and his hand wrapped around mine holding the now black stone.  I looked at it then over at Malachi who smiled back at me.
"Not bad for a spell-struck pet,"

Seth

"I'm not sure if she's the demon or not," Malachi said as he sat on the couch.  "She had a familiarity to her, but it could have been one of her clan.  They all like to claim each other's accomplishments."
"She knew your name," I said, sitting across from him.
"All demons know my name, Seth.  Don't you know that?  I'm the one-stop-shop for all of their needs and desires to rake havoc on someone's life."  He threw his hands up in the air.
I fiddled with the empty mug I had in my hand and swirled the remains of the tea Ayil had served.  The subject of demons was a tender one with Malachi, and I quickly changed it back to something more important at the time-our mission. "Don't you think Benjamin would have noticed that Eveie was a demon?"  I put the cup on the coffee table.  "I think he would have been a little more cautious especially having made a serum."
Malachi shrugged his shoulders and rubbed his neck.  The purple-black bruise of the demon's handprint stood out like a tattoo.
"Maybe he was a genius that chose the wrong acquaintances.  You know, book smart, socially stupid."  Malachi stood up and grabbed my empty mug.  "Demons can be very tricky, and if the one we captured is strong enough to run a B&B and all the spells that go along with it, then, it will get out of that stone of yours."

Malachi was right.  Demons were tricky creatures that preyed on emotions and manipulated humans as well as monsters for their every whim.  And now they had a serum if used on humans, would make them an army. 
Ayil was confident that the stone would hold the demon, but I wasn't so sure.  We needed to question the demon, but we'd have to release it to that.  And it would never reveal anything to us anyhow.  It knew about the serum and claimed April as her daughter.
I wanted to question April, but Ayil had already tried.  The girl was still under the remnants of a spell that was mixed with her emotions.  She flipped back and forth between her childhood memories and the present.  And to top it off, we had contained a demon-its clan would realize something's wrong when it didn't come back. 
Leaning my head back on the couch, I closed my eyes letting my own thoughts drift to Ezra.  She was dying and even though I have archangel abilities, it wasn't strong enough to cure her and keep her cured. 

I woke to the sound of footsteps.   Still in a sleepy haze, I stood up thinking the demon had escaped, but was quickly put to rest when a light flicked on and Ezra smiled back at me.
"You shouldn't be up," I said, walking over to her.
"I'm fine to get up, Seth."
"Did you need something?.I should have been in your room so you didn't have to get up?or Nessa was watching you I thought."  She waved her hand at me to stop.
"It's alright.  I'm stronger than you think, and as far as Nessa, she's been kind to me-which I can guess correctly is because you care about me and she cares about what you care about."  I nodded my head in agreement.
"Yeah, but she should have told me she wasn't sitting with you."
"I told her to go to bed.  The mission is more important now, and many lives and realms are at stake.  My life is no more than a drop of water in an ocean.  But there is something I can do to help."  She gazed at me with her indigo eyes.
"The Taking, and no, you're not going to do that."
She smiled at me and wrapped her fingers through mine.  "April needs me.  She needs my strength.  The demon will come out of that stone and manipulate her without breaking a sweat doing so.  April has uncharted strength in her that I felt inside her when I entered her dreams."  Her enchanted eyes mirrored back at me almost as if she was begging.  "I'm dying and there's no way out of it, but my death doesn't have to be a waste.  Let April take my energy, and instead of fading to blackness, I'll live on."
I curled my fingers over hers wishing I could cure her, be with her forever, but fate had a different agenda in mind that I couldn't change.
"I'm not afraid of the Taking," Ezra said.  "I'm afraid of the darkness that will follow my death."
Chapter Seven

April

"Yolanda was to take Ben and me to sanctuary," I said looking at Ayil, but everyone had their eyes on me.  "She is probably looking for us right now, and I know we can trust her."
"How do you know we can trust her?"  Seth asked with his golden eyes on me.  
I let out a sigh and let my eyes slip their gaze from him to the floor.  I knew they thought I was weak and just used as a pawn, plaything, or victim, but I wasn't.  I had been a part of their world since I was little, only now I know what the darkness was and how to fight it.
"She doesn't know, she doesn't understand what's going on here, and we can't possible go by what she says."  Malachi waved his hand at me as he looked at Seth, Ayil and Nessa.
"I know more than you give me credit for."  I lifted my eyes like two darts towards Malachi.  He smiled at me.
"No, spell-struck, you don't.  Have you ever been to Iethia, battled demons-before the incident with Eveie-or even know the slightest thing about monsters other than your hexmark emits an enormous amount of light?"
My gaze was steadily fixed on Malachi.  "The darkness has followed me since I can remember.  I have fought it off several times all by myself, and managed to keep it at bay for sixteen years.  And," I stepped closer to Malachi tilting my head to the side, "I did without the knowledge of who I was and what I have."
"Instincts darling," Malachi rebutted.  "There is a little thing called instincts."   
I tightened my lips, clenched my fists, "Instincts?!"
"I'm sure whatever you've encountered in the past is nothing compared to what happened at the Ivy Inn."  Malachi raised his voice over mine.  "Not to mention?"
"Enough!"  Ayil yelled with a slam of her fist on the table that caught everyone's attention.  "April sit down, and Malachi, keep your mouth shut unless you are contributing important information.  We have demons penetrating this world and inflicted humans as their army invades the Shadowlands."  She looked at each of us as I sat between Nessa and Seth.  "Many things rest on our shoulders until help arrives."
"Help, what kind of help?"  Seth asked with concern.
"I've called for the assistance of the angels," Seth started to say something, but Ayil cut him off.  "They are trusted ones that I've worked with many times, and we need them.  Once the demons get the serum right, there will be no stopping them.  For right now the  serum isn't holding up.  The humans are dying quicker than the demons are turning them."
"How do you know that is what's happening?"  Seth asked.
"That is what my angel contacts are telling me.  And April is right about her ring."  Her dark eyes gazed at me.  "Demons need the last ingredient to hold their poison serum together, and April to go along with it.  With both they will truly be unstoppable." 
"But some angels hate monsters," Nessa said.
"I've known them for years, and so has your Uncle Hes," Ayil glanced over at Seth.  "I've informed them on everything that has happened and they will be assisting us."
I looked down at my ring that was to be a tangible promise of a future with Ben.  Even though I was now aware of the spell I was oblivious to before that was in the process of wearing off, I still felt something for Ben.  He took me in and protected me and showed me who I was.
"What's in the ring, and why do they need me along with it?"  I kept my hands under the table safely on my lap and twirled the ring around my finger.  I looked into Ayil's dark eyes as they casted over with something I had seen before.  My mother gave me the same look when she was getting ready to tell me something that would comfort me so I'd be easier to deal with.  
"If we are right, it contains the magic of the angels, and you have a royal hexmark, April.  That kind of mark doesn't appear very often and what my contacts have told me is that you come from the lost line of ruling monsters-kings, queens, princes, princesses, the list goes on and hasn't been seen for a long time."  Ayil looked at me with a mix of hope and fear.
"But a gypsy woman gave it to me.  I wasn't born with it."  I ran my fingers over it as I kept my eyes on Ayil.
She shook her head.  "No one can give you a hexmark.  It was there, only hidden.  The gypsy uncovered it for you."
"Who could have covered it up in the first place?"  Nessa asked looking at my mark with an arch of her eyebrow.  Her neon green eyes flashed at me then at Ayil.  "We are born with these marks, and are there, on every monster, by the hand of demons.  They can't be disguised by any kind of magic."
"Yes, they can, but it had to be someone of great power."  Ayil stood up and looked at me with her dark eyes.  
"Eveie said that my father died before he could reveal himself to me, maybe it was him that hid it."  I let my eyes travel from Ayil to Nessa and then Seth and Malachi.
"Do you know how your father died, or was there ever any other family around that you knew?"  Seth asked and I shook my head.
"No, it was just my mom until I was four, and I barely remember her."  I felt a bubble inside of me begin to rise of all the feeling I repressed throughout my childhood.  I became good at controlling my emotions, and decided a long time ago that I lived to survive and one day, I'd be free.  What that freedom was, I never knew.
"You're trembling, April."  Nessa placed her freckled hand over mine.  "Are you ok?"
I didn't realize I was shaking.  "Yes, fine," I replied.
I felt everyone's concerned eyes on me, but I didn't look at them, I couldn't.
"Well, for now we need to stay put and blend in with the rest of this sleeper town.  We don't need to bring attention to ourselves until the angels arrive."
I lifted my eyes to Ayil.  "When will that be?"  I asked.
"Very soon," she replied.

"I don't care what Ayil says, marks can't be hidden like that and then uncovered one day," Nessa said as she sat on the sofa hugging a pillow.  "But you said a gypsy woman uncovered it, or, did she put it there?"  She asked with a raise of her eyebrows.
"Ben said I was bit by a demon and the mark," I closed my eyes forcing myself to remember the day I went to the carnival.  "It?"
I let the walls I had built around my vivid memories open like a chasm.  I had to remember them, no matter how much it hurt.
"We went to a fair, but my mom called it a market.  I remember arguing with her about it because it didn't look like a market to me with the bright lights, music, and booths set up, but at the same time, there was something strange about it."  I still had my eyes closed and pushed myself to stay focused.
"What was strange about it?"  Nessa asked.
"The smell?it smelled of sweet perfumes mixed with musky scents and something burning ."  A sudden burst of smoke erupted in front of me and I let go of my mother's hand.
"April, don't let go of my hand!"   Her voice echoed in my head.
Focus.  I tried to stick with the memory that felt incredibly real now.
We walked down a row of tents all with markings outside of them.  They were all different colors and some had flags of bright ribbon staked outside the door.  Everything here was colorful and festive with people dancing around to the constant sound of drums and flutes that filled the night air.  
I breathed in that air, and it was cool.  Moisture from the dew on the grass soaked through my shoes, and made my feet wet.  But it didn't bother me because I was fascinated with the wildly dressed people dancing and laughing all around us.
"Are there any rides?"   I asked my mom.
"No April," she said in a dismissive voice.   "We're here," she said with relief.   
The drape of the tent door flipped open and inside was a small, round table covered with a burgundy colored cloth.  Colorful tapestries covered the walls, and shiny beads looped all around the room.  The beads glistened in the light, and I found my little self was mesmerized by them.
What else was in the room?!
"Who is with you, April?"  It was Seth's voice asking.
"My mom and?a woman?large woman with a dark veil?I'm scared?don't want to get close to her!"   I felt comforting arms wrap around me.
The past and the present were colliding.  I wanted to see where I was, ask questions, but the memory I was so vividly witnessing was just that-a memory.
"What is the woman's name?  What is she saying to you?"  Malachi's voice broke through my vision.
"My mom is paying her?I have to hold out my arm?and?NO!!!"  I cried at the top of my lungs as my arm felt it was on fire.
I screamed as my mom held onto my arm pressing it hard onto the table.  The veiled woman had a long, slender pink tinged metal rod that she pressed onto my skin.
"Don't cry little one," her voice was soft and soothing to my younger self's ears.  "Meena is here to help you."
My eyes popped open to see Malachi inches from my face.  He was on top of me holding me down by my wrists and breathing hard as his eyes were filled with surprise.
"No, I'm alright.  It's just a small burn."  I could hear Nessa's voice.
"Her name was Meena," I said, gazing into Malachi's striking blue eyes.  They reminded me of the blue goblets at my second foster home that we were never allowed to use.  "Your eyes," I said softly.  "They are beautiful."
Malachi's lips curled into a big smile as his scared-surprised eyes turned conceited.  He chuckled as he released my wrists and helped me to my feet.  My cheeks burned with embarrassment, but that quickly faded when I saw Nessa holding her hand with blisters covering it.  Seth was already applying what I guessed was serpents oil.
"Nessa," I said with concern.  "Did I?did I do that?  I'm sorry."  I felt horrible as Nessa hid her pain with a smile towards me.
 "It's fine.  Just a small burn, and," she flinched as Seth applied more oil.  "It will heal quickly."
"Nessa will heal, but I don't think this gent will be so lucky."  Malachi motioned with his head towards a statue of some headless Buddha looking wax sculpture that sat on a narrow table along the wall.  "You decapitated him.  Dislike river trolls?" he asked picking up the head that belonged to the sculpture off the floor.  
I looked between Seth, Nessa and Malachi.  "What-what did I do?"  I pressed my hands to my head trying to contain the range of emotions inside of me.
"Come here and sit," Malachi said, guiding me to the sofa.
Seth took a pale Nessa into the kitchen to bandage up her burn.  I felt horrible, and more like a monster that humans depicted them to be-one to be feared for the terrible things they did.  I had hurt Nessa, and possibly could have killed her, and by the scotch marks on the wall along with the ruined sculpture, I could have destroyed Ayil's home.
I wanted to cry, but couldn't as so many emotions ran through me.  A memory of my past had surfaced uncovering things long forgotten.  The demon that had bit me so long ago has found me.  I wanted to run until I found that sanctuary made by the angels, and be sheltered from my past that I wanted nothing to do with at the same time I did.
Malachi sat beside me and didn't say a word.  He just wrapped his arm around me and we sat there.  
I thought of everything that had happened, and gazed towards the wall with no memory of what I had done to it.  The next thing I clearly remembered was staring into Malachi's gem-like eyes.  A wave of embarrassment flashed over me.
"I said you had amazing eyes," I said, still not thinking clearly.
Malachi removed his arm from me and grinned.  I sat horrified realizing I had said my thoughts out loud.
"You actually said beautiful, but amazing is a nice complement as well, and I accept that complement."  I knew a wave of dread washed over my face that Malachi could clearly see.  "All the girls tell me that my eyes are amazing, so, you're not telling me anything I don't know, spell-struck,"
Could this day get any worse?
"You're eyes are lovely too," he said as I looked up at him.  
"They're brown," I said, thinking the color of them wasn't special.
"Yes, but they have flecks of blue and green in them.  Never seen eyes like yours before-they are unique and so are you."
I stood up and went to the window.  "When Ayil gets back she won't think my uniqueness is all that great."  I turned and motioned towards the wall.
Malachi glanced at it then back at me.  "Yes, well, we monsters are used to things like this."  He stood up and walked towards me.
His eyes were something I could get lost in; kind of like gazing at a painting that had so much detail, you couldn't pull away until you've looked at everything the artist had painted into it.  
Malachi stood in front of me and took my hands in his.  I let him as my fingers sat loosely in his palms. He smiled at me, not with his arrogant grin that I've noticed and thought nauseating.  Instead, I saw something else that I didn't know what it was, and clearly had my interest. "You, April Snow," he said softly, "are not the monster you think you are." 

Seth

"April said her mother called it a market they went to.  Do you think it was the night market in Nethopania?"  Nessa asked fighting off the drowsiness caused from the serpent's oil.  "That place is kind of shady you know."
"Possibly," I replied letting my thoughts drift to Ezra.
I had just checked on her, and she was sleeping-in fact that's all she's been doing.  I had to do something for her, and Ayil said that maybe the angels could help her, but even their powers aren't that strong.
"Look, I know you are concerned about Ezra, too," Nessa said, gently grabbing me by my chin to meet her gaze, "but we need to do something, not sit here and wait for the stinking angels to arrive."  
"Yes, we should, but my Uncle Hes gave me Ayil's name and sent us to her as someone we could trust.  And we will wait for the angels and Ayil to come back." I said, straightening myself.  "And when they do get back, we will tell them about April's vision."  Nessa crossed her arms and glared at me.
"It's our mission and we won't know unless we investigate, because I don't trust angels unless I know them, and I don't know very many angels."  Nessa's eyes were beginning to glaze over and her words slightly slur.  "Dang this serpent's oil," she rubbed her eyes. "I need coffee."
I smiled at her.  "Your small stature is no challenge for the oil, you know that, and the perk coffee will give you is only temporary."  Her head wobbled the more she tried to straighten it.  "Nessa, you need to sleep for at least an hour."
"I don't want to," she said in her stubborn voice.  "I don't trust angels, and I'm not sure about Ayil." She whispered her name even though Ayil had left to see if the angels had arrived.  "She didn't share very much information about these angels.  What if they are bad ones?"  Nessa's eyes widened, as her gestures were that of someone intoxicated.  "I mean how do they know April is a princess and her ring has the power of the angels?  Do you think maybe they wanted that power back?"
Nessa was making some valid points through her sleepy stupor.  I've allowed myself to become preoccupied with Ezra that I've pushed our mission behind her.  There was lot that hung in the balance that we were responsible for.  But I also knew Uncle Hes wouldn't send me to the enemy, unless, that relationship had changed.  The race of angels and demons looked upon monsters the same way. They both used and hated us.  If April's ring contained the lost power of the angels, and put into the wrong hands, the race of monsters could be destroyed.  It's no secret that angels detest us even breathing air, and they wouldn't think twice about turning us to ash.  The only problem was it would be too late if that was the intentions of Ayil's angel companions.
I took in a deep breath and stood up.  "You're right, Nessa, at least enough to cause speculation." I stepped behind her.
"Of course I'm right," she said agreeably as I lifted her gently up.
"We will go the night market, and we will leave as soon as we can."  

Each time Ezra opened her eyes, the less she could open them.  She was fading, and she was fading fast.  Her breaths were raspy and she coughed up blood when she talked.  My heart ached the first time I lost her, and now, it ached even more.  I felt it my fault she was like this-if only she would have left the Shadowlands. 
"Something troubles you besides my passing," Ezra said, trying to retain a cough.
I smiled. "Don't worry about what troubles me."   
She tightened the grip she had on my hand.  "My time is fading."  Her eyes opened a little wider.  "The angels won't be able to help me, this I know.  There is only one thing that can be done, and April can do it."
I wanted to cry out demanding the fates to explain why they torture us.  April could do a Taking, but then what would be the result of that?
"You don't understand what I can do," Ezra pressed.  "By April taking my life force, I will live in her.  My strength will be hers and hers will be mine.  She's incomplete, and there is a war coming that she won't be able to fight alone."
I shook my head and took Ezra's hand.   "At least give the angels a try, they might help you?help us," I said as she shook her head.
"Seth, it will be too late.  By the time Ayil Archer comes home, I will be lost beyond the Shawdowlands, and never see you again."

Ayil had called and said she'd be back in two days.  It was taking some time for the angels to get here, and she said that we should stay in the house within the protection of her spells.  She reassured us that the spells were demon-proof, and nothing should happen.  Something would happen-Ezra would die.  I didn't say anything to Ayil about that because I had made a decision-now to get April to agree.

"Ok, what's so important that we had to assemble in the kitchen?"  Malachi asked sitting next to April and Nessa beside her.  
I let my eyes switch from Malachi to Nessa and then rested on April.  "As you know we don't have much time with our mission or with Ezra.  But I think for us to be successful, the two are linked."
"Seth, what are you talking about?"  Nessa asked.   "We should be going to the night market in Nethopania, not talking about what's important, but doing what's important."
"Nethopania?"  April questioned as she looked from me to Nessa.
"Like I said," I raised my voice cutting Nessa's explanation off.  "The two are linked."
I gazed into April's eyes.  Her dark eyes were a multitude of colors, and Ezra was right, she was old and young at the same time.  I could clearly see it as I focused on her.
"Seth," Nessa's voice questioned with warning.  "What are you doing?"
"Doing what needs to be done."
"You're compelling her, why?"  Malachi asked defensively.
I was and I wasn't.  "I'm not totally compelling her."
"What's compelling?"  April asked glancing towards Malachi and proving him wrong.
"Uh," he replied, and then looked at me dumbfounded for an answer.
"April," I said her name and she looked back at me.  "Compelling is sort of like controlling and getting into ones thoughts.  I can do that, but I'm not doing that to you.  I'm simply opening your thoughts and mind so I can ask you a question."
"Ok Seth, you've?"  Nessa started to say as I shushed her.
"What question?"  She asked.
"I need you to do a Taking.  I need?I mean, I'm asking you to take Ezra's life force."
"What?!" Nessa yelled, but didn't even disturb the hold I had between April and me.  "You can't ask that of her."
"She's dying and she will be lost beyond the Shadowlands, unless I take her life force and we will be as one."  April read my thoughts and my feelings as I relayed them to her.  "You love her very much and the mission, it depends on it.  I'm incomplete and to be that way, will be the death of me."
"Stop it Seth!"  Malachi jumped from his chair and shoved me to the floor.  "You are risking her life to try to save Ezra's!  Do you not think of anyone else?!"  Malachi's blue eyes burst with flames as he pressed me to the floor.
"You don't understand, Malachi."  I didn't want to fight, but he left me no choice.
I flipped him over in the matter of a heartbeat and he retaliated by quick punch to my mouth, and a slam back to the floor.  I tasted blood, but the pain in my heart was deeper that any physical pain.  I didn't punch him back; as I knew he had taken a liking to April and was just defending her.
Malachi had anger that ran deep and had been bottled inside him for a long time.  I could see this clearly now like a geyser breaking land's surface.  He raised his fist, and readied it to slam it into my face. I had to get him under control.
"Malachi, get off of Seth!"  Nessa grabbed Malachi's clenched fist in her delicate hand.  "Seth's right."  She admitted.  "Fighting your brother will get you nowhere."
Malachi calmed at the sound of Nessa's voice.  He got off of me and I stood up and was going to ask April one last time to do a Taking, but she wasn't in the kitchen.  "Where did April go?"  I asked rubbing my mouth knowing the answer to my own question.

April

Seth could compel, but I wasn't compelled, and did what I've only done once on my own free will.  Seth had opened his thoughts to me, and I understood more than he could ever explain to me in words.  I also believed in Ezra, she risked entering my dreams so she could talk to me, and comfort me.  This was the least I could do.
I walked up to Ezra, and her eyes opened upon my presence.  She smiled and reached for my hand.
"It's alright, little one," her voice was gentle as a white-golden fog curled around us.  
"You are brave and scared and old and young all at the same time.  I will make you complete and give you the strength you will need one day."  Ezra smiled at me as she spoke in my thoughts.
I knew time wasn't on our side, and I had to act quickly.  I wasn't scared of doing this Taking as I was with the one I did before to the man in the alley.  I relieved him of pain and given him a quick death, but this one would be different, because this was a favor.  And as Ezra explained to me, she wouldn't die, but become a part of me.  I wasn't scared, but felt a piece of me was finally being made whole.
I linked my fingers through hers, and stared into her eyes.  Her strength was never-ending, but disease had taken over.  Her time in the Shadowlands was over-I was her last hope.
"You are an heir, April Snow to a great destiny, and Malachi will help you get there."  
I didn't speak or ask any questions as I felt her light and energy mix with mine.  Even in her weakened state, she was stronger than me.  Released from the sickness that took her body, her energy was freed and mixed with mine.  Golden light flickered around us like stars and the white mist thickened until her pale skin, dark hair, and indigo eyes were all but lost to the shroud of mist.
I tightened my fingers through hers, but they weren't there.  I opened my eyes to see a pool of glitter where Ezra had been lying in bed.  I could hardly breathe as I felt a hand gently touch me on the shoulder.
"April?"  Questioned Seth's voice.
I turned around, let my eyes mingle with his, and then smiled.  "Her strength is my strength," I said in my voice, but clearly heard Ezra's voice join mine.

"We can't stay here," Nessa said, pacing the floor.  "And now with April doing a Taking, we really can't stay here."
 "We need to go to Nethopania, and at least start at the night market there," Malachi said sitting next to me. I felt an unspoken bond had formed between us, and even though Ezra said he'd help lead me to my great destiny, I wasn't sure if I'd make it there without being embarrassed to death for the things I say aloud , or me killing him from his over-inflated ego he had for himself. 
"It will be a place to start."  Seth put on his long, dark coat.  "Let's go."

Everything that happened had gone by in a blur, kind of like a car crash that kept replaying in my head: us leaving the safety of Ayil's home, doing my second Taking, and now going to Nethopania in Iethia to a night market.  I still felt slightly numb as I walked towards the outskirts of town under the cover of darkness.  I was going to another realm-a realm that monsters came from, but not the monsters humans had designed them to be, real ones that are like humans in many ways.
Nessa walked beside me and Malachi with Seth.  Through the darkness, Malachi would glance back at me as would a parent watching their child.  Ben looked at me the same protective way.  I drew in a deep breath thinking of Ben.  He had saved me from a demon, and no random one.  Eveie was the demon that had bit me, and turned me into what I am, or was I this way before?
"Are you cold?"  Malachi asked me pulling me out of my pondering thoughts as we walked along the edge of the desolate road.
"No, I'm fine," I replied.
"Quick in the ditch-car coming," Seth said as distant piercing lights shone in front of us.
Malachi grabbed me by the shoulders and guided me to the deep ditch.  Nessa and I were sandwiched between Seth and Malachi as we peered towards the road through the tall blades of the dead grass.
I heard the engine coming closer and lowered my head.  The ditch was deep enough that no one would even know we were there.  I waited with pounding heart for the car to zoom by, but it didn't.  Instead, wheels screeched to a sudden stop right in front of our hiding spot.
I looked at Malachi who kept his glowing eyes forward.  We stayed quiet as two car doors opened and slammed shut.
"We are just about there," said Ayil's voice.  "And you have to stop again to take a piss."  She seemed aggravated at whoever was with her.
"I'm four-hundred and thirty-six years old-you'd have the same problem as well when you reach my age."  A male voice replied with a slightly amused chuckle.  
"Yeah, well I have a demon contained in a stone, a monster with archangel abilities, and another monster with a royal hexmark, and a ring with the last remaining power of the first angels around her finger."
I looked at Malachi who kept his gaze forward then at Nessa who did the same.  
"Look, I'll be quick, my lovely, or I'll be having an accident in your car."  He stepped closer towards us.  "Besides, they are safe and secure in your little home.  Just like a present for us angels-and we don't get many presents." He chuckled.
I tried to see what he looked like, but it was too dark.   All I could hear was his footsteps and the sound of him unzipping his pants along with the splatter of urine hitting gravel.  I wanted to run, and felt the urge to do so.  I slowly slid down deeper into the ditch as Malachi flashed his eyes at me and grabbed my hand.  
"Don't move, even if he pisses all over you," he moved beside me and whispered in my ear.
"This area is very nice," he said as I heard him zipped his trousers back up, "quiet, but nice.  Kind of reminds me of the rural setting of the vineyards of Shangri-La."
"Thank you, but we need to be moving," Ayil prompted.
"Yes, of course," he replied.
"Father, are you coming?  I have council to attend to in a few hours," said a younger male voice.
"Yes, yes, I know," the car door opened, "just to deal with a few monsters and we'll be on our way."
I held my breath until the sound of the engine faded.
"I told you, Seth," Nessa said with more fear than resentment.  "They'll be after us."
Seth glanced down the road and then turned to us. "All the more reason to hurry."

Seth

With a few drops of my blood on the portal threshold, we were in Iethia.  It was dawn here, and I knew we had to move quickly.  The portal had taken us back to the same place when we left, except this time, the portal wasn't in ruins, but in near perfect condition.
"The angels that were with Ayil must have used it."  Malachi gazed up at the intricate structure that glowed in white light and its silver-lined stones that were carved with foreign inscriptions.
"It's being monitored," Nessa stood beside Malachi reading what she could of the words that were nothing more than scribbles to me. "I mean it's being watched?they know we used it."  Nessa turned and gazed at me with worry.  
"Great," Malachi said as April stood frozen gazing up at it as if mesmerized.
Everything, I knew, was new and maybe a little frightening to her.  I walked towards her when suddenly she raised her hand and expelled a burst of light.  The ball of glowing light floated through the air like a perfectly spherical bubble towards the portal.  
"April," I said as she turned and smiled gazing at me with indigo colored eyes-Ezra's eyes.
I took a step back as she turned towards the ball of light and guided it with her hands.  With a final wave of her hands, it went into the portal.
April stood in front of the portal with arms outstretched as it glowed brighter, and then exploded with a burst of sparkling light.  I turned, grabbing Nessa as I did to protect her from the blast.  Malachi fell to the ground as April stood undisturbed from the force.
Sparks burned the air around us and landed on the leaf-covered ground sizzling as they did.  I pushed myself up as Nessa and I looked at the portal that once was all silver and white light, was now black-grey and had emitted a blue light.
"April," Malachi walked up to her as she stood gazing up at the portal.
"The angels won't be able to use this portal-we control it now," she said, looking up at Malachi.
"How did you do that?"  I asked standing beside her.
She looked at me with her brown eyes.  "I-I don't know exactly.  I just knew what to do.  It's sealed."  She glanced back at with a mix of awe and accomplishment.  Ezra had helped her-not only from the obvious, but I had looked into her eyes.
"Are you alright?"  Malachi turned April towards him.
"Yes, I'm ok," she replied with a nod.
"Let's move then, because even sealed portals won't stop determined angels."  Nessa stood at the forests edge and then turned to be swallowed by low branches.

The night market at Nethopania, was just that-a night market.  Tolerated by angels, and sometimes used by demons, the market was a mixture of everything Iethia had to offer from legal to illegal.  You could get anything here from anywhere.  I had only been there once with Malachi when we were younger, and on the grounds of adolescent curiosity rather than the importance of a mission.
Music played, venders displayed their wares outside their shop doors, and it was crowded with people from all walks of life.  Rich, poor, and everything in between came here. 
The stone buildings were small, two-leveled structures, and served as the business on the lower level and as the peddler's home on the second.  Arranged in square blocks, about three or four buildings stood connected and separated by dark, narrow alleyways that no one would dare travel down-at least not at night.
Nethopania used to be a grand city, but after the Angel-Demon wars, most of the historic sites had been laid to waste.  It became a trading place that kept the old name, but from what Uncle Hes had told me, it once was a place of architecture, culture and beauty.
"Any of the buildings look familiar?"  I asked April as Malachi walked beside her and Nessa beside me.
She shook her head as she gazed around at everything.
"Let's start on Center Street, it might be a little more of what we are looking for.  This is Stack Street-nothing but herbs and food items here," Malachi glanced over his shoulder as we stood in the middle of the half-paved, half-dirt street.  "Remember, that's where we bought fireworks."
"Fireworks?"  Nessa questioned.  "You've been here before?"
Malachi and I exchanged glances.
"It was a long time ago before we met you," Malachi said quickly.
"I've known you since I was four."  She crossed her arms.  "You're both not much older than me, and I remember you having fireworks and setting them off just a couple of years ago."  Nessa switched her eyes to me.  "You said your Uncle Hes gave them to you."
"Make way!"  A voice yelled over the crowd as a small, horse-drawn buggy tried to make its way through the thick crowd.
"Come on, Center Street," Malachi said pulling April's hand, and was quickly swallowed into the crowd.
The mass of market goers slowly dispersed, as the buggy inched its way through the crowd behind us.  Grumbles and profanities erupted from the crowd towards the advancing buggy.  A few people pounded on the outside of it as the driver equally exchanged vulgarities with the crowd.
Something didn't seem right about that buggy.  Sure, there are lots of people that come to the market to buy things or services that are illegal in their realms, but to make a scene in such a way isn't normal.  Most who come here don't want anyone to know they have been to the night market in Nethopania.
"Come on, Seth."  Nessa tugged on my hand.  "Malachi is probably already over there, let's go."
I held Nessa close to me as we turned the corner to a darker side of the night market.
Chapter Eight

April

It was hard to concentrate on remembering what the place I went to as a child.  I was mesmerized by everything here.  The music, laughter, and even though it had a dangerous edge to it, I still found it exciting.  In fact, its dangerous edge is what made it intriguing.
"So there's no cops that come here, no laws that control what goes on here?"  I asked Malachi as we walked down the darkened street that had fewer people on it than the one we were just at.
"No, it takes care of itself.  So there are no laws but the laws that the market makes up for itself," he said, looking down at me with his icy blue eyes.  "Anything look familiar?  We're kind of on a schedule here."  He looked over his shoulder and back towards where we had come.  "Seth and Nessa should have caught up by now."  He gazed back with concern.
"It was a tent that we went into.  I can remember that clearly because I thought it was beautiful."  I looked around at the wood and stone buildings with trash strewn and cluttered to the fronts of the buildings.
Some of the buildings looked vacant, while others were busy and brightly lit with people, some wearing hooded coats that covered their faces, and others that dressed elaborately in silky, flowing clothes.  Also, there were a range of different looking people-or I guess people.  Dark skinned, light skinned, tattooed, long hair, no hair?it was a cornucopia of different nationalities all bartering, trading, purchasing or selling things illegally or legally. 
"It also smelled of roses," I said, still taking in the night market scene.
"Roses?"  Malachi questioned. 
"Yeah, it smelled sweet," I said taking a whiff of the air.  "Not like how it does now."
"Your mother could have put an enchantment on you.  This place isn't exactly an amusement park for kiddies."  Malachi tucked his hand around my elbow and looped his arm through mine.  "Something's happened to Seth and Nessa."  He tugged on my arm.  "Come on, they might be in trouble or Nessa found something to look at-I hope it was the later of the two."
We went back the way we'd come, and weaved through the thickening crowd.  The only source of light was what hung on the buildings or poured through the windows of the buildings.  The ground was littered with bits of paper, and in some places slimy making it hard to keep up with Malachi.
"Do you think they maybe went the opposite direction and are on Center Street?"  I asked.  "Maybe we should go back?"
"No, I don't think they're there.  Even though it's crowded at this end, it would take longer to go around the block the other way."  Malachi looked grim.  "Something's happened."  He craned his head scanning the crowd as someone suddenly bumped into my shoulder.
I turned to see a woman wearing a burgundy cape with a hood so large, it covered her face.  She stopped and placed her hand on my shoulder.  I stood frozen in that brief moment as her face was illuminated by a ball of light she held in her hand.  She gazed at me with her blue-silver eyes, and smiled at me with pointed teeth.
"Excuse me, April Snow," she said, and curled her way through the crowd.
"Malachi, she knew my name," I said, and pulled him in the direction she went.
"Who?"  Malachi asked nearly tripping.  "April, we have to find Seth and Nessa."  He tried to stop me, but I let go of his arm and followed the woman that moved like liquid through the crowd.
She twisted and turned and I nearly lost her a few times.  Her cape stood out like a bright flag among the dark-clothed people.  Malachi caught up with me demanding that I stop, but I couldn't.
I reached for his hand, and latched onto it.  "Malachi, she knew my name-it's her-the gypsy woman."
We popped out of the mass of people and to a field of grass that swayed in the wind.  The moon hung like a pendant overhead as fluffy clouds lazily drifted by.  The air was cool and sweet-like roses.  A small tent etched in flickering gold threads, sat before us with a thin crack of light lining the opening.
Malachi and I stood there gazing at it as the crowd of the night market faded to the night sounds of the wilderness.  Suddenly, a blast of light flooded the ground in front of us.  Malachi pushed me behind him, and pulled out a dagger.
"Are you coming in or what?  I've haven't got all damn night," said the woman with the burgundy cape, now off and revealing her black hair that curled around her shoulders like thick vines.  "I've traveled far, so please, come in."  She held open the flap for us and motioned with her hand to enter.
"Who are you?"  Malachi demanded.  "And where are we?"  He pointed the dagger towards her.
She cocked her head to the side and smiled with her sharp teeth.  "I hate knives and weapons."  She flicked her hand and suddenly the dagger flew from Malachi's hand towards the woman.  She casually picked up a narrow board and held it in front of her face just as the blade embedded into it.  "You can have it when you leave, my young monster.  And if it makes you feel any better, I go by many names, but you can call me Meena." 
We stood looking at her as she gazed back at us.  "If you want this back, little monster," she said holding up the board with Malachi's dagger sticking from it, "then you better come in and listen to what I have to say."  She pulled open the flap and motioned for us to go in.
Malachi leaned over and whispered in my ear.  "Is this her?  Because I do have another dagger," he patted the outside of his jacket.
"She knew my name, it's her."  I stepped forward and towards the tent.
Inside was brightly lit with rows of glowing balls that encircled the edge of the tent floor.  The dark walls had gold and silver threads looping through one another without pattern as if they were sewn randomly.  A silver, circular rug sat in the middle of the floor, and Meena motioned for us to sit.
"I've got other appointments to keep, so please sit," she said, taking a spot on the rug.
Malachi and I sat down with our backs towards the opening.  This seemed to bother Malachi as he glanced over his shoulder and sat sideways on the rug.  
"Don't worry, Malachi, no one is going to sneak up behind you.  My tent is protected, and I only allow who I want in here.  Besides, you have another dagger in your left pocket-Seth gave it to you for your birthday last year."  She smiled at Malachi with a twinkle in her eyes.
His mouth trembled slightly as he looked surprised. "How did you know that?"  Malachi asked with a hinder mistrust.
"Well, first of all, I can hear the slightest whisper in the air, and," she sat the glowing ball of light she held in her hand on the rug between us.  "I have to confess, Seth bought that dagger here at the market at one of my shops here in Nethopania.  I can always sense them, and they are a very good blade.  But I'm not here interrupting my schedule to talk about daggers."  She shifted her eyes to me.  "April needs the final touches on her hexmark if you are going to even attempt to win any battles with demons, angels, or any other creature."
"Did you put it there?  I remember coming with my mother and?"
Meena waved her hand and smiled, revealing her pointed teeth.  Her appearance should have been frightening to me, but it wasn't. 
"Please listen to me, both of you," she said, extending her gentle gaze to Malachi.  "Demons, the bad ones, are gaining strength in their army.  They no longer need the shadows to survive.  The serum was a failure when consumed by humans, but it isn't when consumed by demons.  It took them some time to figure it out because they don't need to consume anything to exist.  The only problem they have is that there isn't enough to go around."
"How do you know this?  You're just a gypsy."  Malachi questioned with a slightly amused, but insulted laugh from Meena.
"You young monsters think you know everything, especially given a task by a monster that is practically a celebrity.  Did you ever think Hesediel sent you because he didn't want to risk anyone of importance to him?"  She unrolled a small, velvet pouch in front of her.  "No, I didn't think you did by the look on your face."
"You don't know our mission, and what's involved."  Malachi gazed steadily at Meena.
"I know lots of thing, lots of people, monsters, angels, and a few demons.  The one in the stone that Seth carries around wants out, and is calling for her clan as we speak."
Malachi stood up as if he had just remembered something important.  "Seth and Nessa!"   He went over to the door and tore open the flap.
A gust of wind and a blast of light poured in knocking Malachi backwards to the ground.
Meena got up and tied the flap shut.
"That isn't the night market out there.  Where are we?"  Malachi demanded getting up.
"Time is of the essence for me, so I'll be blunt.  We are in a pocket inside a portal that I use, or actually, in fact own.  I travel all the time, so I needed something to make my days or nights go by a lot faster.  Don't worry, little monster, I'll have you back in time to find the rest of your party, but first," she extended her open hand towards me, "I need to finish something I've been working on for some time."
Gazing into Meena's eyes, I extended my arm.  With a flick of her fingers, a thin, silver wand, almost like a needle, came out between her thumb and index finger.  She ran her hand over my mark and stared at it for a few seconds before deciding where to start. 
"You have done two Takings.  That's good, but the second, a girl monster, clings to you, but is no threat.  You have more strength in you this time, and I won't have to add much."  
Meena gently glided her needle-wand across my skin.  I prepared myself for the sting and burn that I remembered as a little girl, but it didn't hurt.  Instead, I felt something stir inside me, a strength that was being filled and something finally being connected.  Just like links in a chain that join together to make a full circle.
"There," Meena said, with a flick of her fingers retracted the wand.  "My masterpiece is done."  I leaned back as I gazed at the delicate lines that swirled nearly reaching the inside of my elbow and wrist.  "Though it was always there, so I can't stake claims totally on it, but I've added to it, and it is one of my best."
"You mean I was born with a hexmark?"  I asked as Meena's eyes slid from my hexmark to my eyes.
She smiled.  "You had an insufficient one that your mother knew it was and brought you to the best to make it not only whole, but beautiful as well."
"You knew my mother?"  I asked.
She studied me for a moment before answering.  "No, not really," she said.  "I've heard of her kind, but I didn't know her personally.  April," she breathed my name.  "If it is family history you are searching, you've come to the wrong place.  I've none to offer.  That is something you must do by yourself."
"What do you know of the serum?" Malachi asked cutting off my next question.  "Who are the demons that have consumed it?  Where are they?"
Meena shook her head.  "My, my, my, you have a lot of questions, but unfortunately, I can't answer them for you.  I've given you all the information that I know, and I believe it's more than you had when you came to me."  She stood up and gazed down at us with her hands on her hips.  "I've got other engagements that I need to attend to.  But I'm not going to leave you stranded."  With a wave of her hands, the flaps to the tent opened and pulled back with a tight snap.  "I'm leaving you on Textile Street at the night market in Nethopania.  There you'll find at the end of that street, the answer to both of your questions, and your missing companions who I think are in a better predicament than you both are."  
"Why not just tell us now?"  Malachi stood up and demanded.  "You know more than you let on and many things hang in the balance that can affect you as well."
Meena laughed with amusement.  "Oh, little monster, things have "affected" this world and "hung in the balance" since the beginning of time.  It's up to you to keep winning."
"I know nothing of my mother; could you please tell me anything about her?"  I pushed Malachi out of the way, and begged without so much as a twitch of concern or understanding.  Meena ignored me. 
She raised her hands as her black hair curled around her face and shoulders like snakes.  "Now go little ones, and seek the answers you need to find!"
White light and flecks of gold glitter exploded behind Meena, as Malachi and I were jolted off of our feet and through the now large tent opening.  I expected to hit the ground with a thud, but we didn't.  I felt Malachi slip his hand in mine as my eyes focused on our surroundings.  Just like Meena had promised, we were back at the night market, and it was still busy.  Except this street wasn't garbage-lined or filled with questionable looking people.  This looked like a market.
Bright panels of material were draped over poles, strands of lights crisscrossed the walkway overhead, and venders displayed dresses, shirts, scarves, and bolts of material of every color and texture imaginable. 
"What's at the end of Textile Street?"  I asked standing next to Malachi as he examined his pockets.
"I've never been down it-never had the need to."  He pulled out his dagger he had thrown towards Meena.  "Well, at least she gave me back my dagger as promised." 
"We should hurry," I said, pulling on Malachi's sleeve.
"Wait," he said, grasping onto my hand.  "It could be a trap, and we don't want to walk into one of those.  Meena might have given us information and," he flipped my arm over exposing my hexmark, "she added to your mark, but we can't just trot down the street blindly expecting nothing to happen."  He smiled at me with a raise of his eyebrows.  "You're a greeny, spell-struck, and too trusting.  What if Meena is using us to pay off a debt to someone or is working for demons?  But, I guess I can't expect you to know of such things.  You are just a mindless girl monster, and one who doesn't pay attention to her surroundings.  You-"
That did it. I slapped him across the face in one quick motion that got the attention of few peddlers.  I've never done that to anyone, much less a boy I barely knew.  My expression said otherwise as I squared my shoulders and glared at Malachi who put his hand to his reddening cheek with a look of shock. 
"I've spend years in institutions and foster homes." I stated.  "I think I know a few things about paying attention to my surroundings, and if we are going to stand here and talk about it, we are only going to draw attention to us.  We might as well shout out our names and let them know we are here.  What we need to do is blend in."
Malachi slowly released his hand and glanced around as the on-looking peddlers went back to their business-the show was over.
"Fine," Malachi hissed grabbing hold of my wrist as he glared at me with his blue eyes now darkened.   "Textile Street is a long winding one filled with clothes-try not to get distracted, and keep up," he said with a tug.
I knew I shouldn't have slapped Malachi, but he struck a nerve with me.  I didn't have a childhood-I survived a childhood and think I know a few things.  I didn't tell him, but I knew we could trust Meena.  I don't know why I did, and Malachi was right about going into things blindly, but my insides, I felt, had always guided me and they told me to trust Meena.  This, of course, I couldn't expect Malachi to understand.  Now I felt bad for slapping him.

Malachi and I wound our way through the maze of people.  I found this area intriguing and wished I could explore it under different circumstances.  Peddlers walked through the crowd, some selling gold jewelry, and other with silk scarves looped over their arms waving them like flags as they cried out in a language I didn't understand.  Malachi pressed forward and pushed most of the peddlers out of the way as I tagged behind him like a dog on a leash.
The pathway suddenly narrowed, and overhead was a canopy of leaves.  Grapevine-like limbs that looked like they sprouted out of the windows from the buildings that lined this part of the street, reached upward supporting the airy leaves overhead.  Incense filled the air along with festive music that came out of several of the buildings.  
"We're just about there," Malachi said, just as something dark covered and wrapped around us like a big, silky blanket.
Malachi let go of my hand, and then I heard the sound of violent ripping.  Several hands pressed against us and the sound of laughing surrounded us.  Malachi twisted and turned, and I nearly fell to the ground when he finally sliced through the material.  We were encircled by a few of the peddlers wearing dark clothing and smiled back at us talking among themselves in their language.  None of them seemed to be threatening and showed no weapon as Malachi twirled around pointing his dagger towards them.  They laughed even harder with amusement.
"What do they want with us?"
"Let's not stay to find out," he said, charging at them "Move!"  Malachi yelled, grabbed my wrist tightly, and extended his dagger as he did.
They parted with hands in the air and more laughter as if we were no threat and they were just trying to capture us for amusement.
"How fast can you run?"  I asked as I glanced back at the men who didn't come after us, but stood and watched.
"What do you mean?  I thought I was moving fast under these conditions."  Malachi suddenly stopped and I nearly ran into him as Ayil, a man dressed in dark clothing and a cape stood beside a younger boy dressed the same way.  
They both had wavy white-blonde hair with flecks of silver in it and stood on either side of Ayil.  
"I thought you sealed the portal," Malachi said to me as he held out his dagger towards them.
"She did, but it wasn't very strong, and we easily passed through it," the man said.
"Please, April and Malachi, we aren't going to hurt you.  It's really important that you listen to us."
They were blocking our passage, and Malachi started to back up towards the amused group of locals behind us.
"This is Isaiah and Edan Tollwick," Ayil said, motioning towards them.  "They are the angels I was talking about, and they are here to help us."
"This is a dangerous place and you," Isaiah fixed his dark, green eyes on me.  "You have a lot of strength in you, and just had your hexmark added onto."  He raised his eyebrows.  "I can smell it and so can others that are not trying to help you."
"You want to help us, but what does that mean?  You angels are the all the same-out for yourselves."  Malachi tightly grabbed a hold of my wrist.  "When I say run, run," he muttered at me.
Edan chuckled.  "We heard you, monster."  His bright, green eyes flickered with agitation.  "We are angels and have exceptional hearing, so, be wise little monsters, and come with us.  You are wasting our time, and I've a meeting to attend that's much more important than your lives."
Isaiah let out a sigh, and glared down at him.  "They are important if not more important than what you have going on right now."
Edan crossed his arms and set his eyes on us with a discerning look. 
"April and Malachi, I mean no harm and many, many things are at stake now."  Ayil held her eyes on Malachi as her voice pleaded with reason.  "There are bad angels, Malachi, but they are not."  She motioned to the Isaiah and Edan.  "I've known them for years and trust them.  We are in a dangerous place that makes your safety vulnerable.  We need to find Seth and Nessa and get all of you back to my home."
"Why didn't you tell us about this earlier-you've been nothing but secretive."  Malachi kept stepping backwards as Ayil, Isaiah, and the impatient Edan stood where they were.
"Time's wasting!"  Edan finally stepped towards us.  "Go with us or die here!"  His eyes were filled with green flames as he pulled a silver dagger from inside his cloak pocket.
"Run!"  I yelled pulling Malachi with me.
I wasn't sure if he could run as fast as me so I gave him some of my strength.  I let it pass from deep inside of me, through my arm and out my fingertips to Malachi's hand that I held tightly.  I've never done or thought I could-it just came to me in a voice instructing me-Ezra's voice.
I picked up speed as Malachi ran beside me towards the now shocked, local mob that tried to capture us earlier. 
"Take the wall-there isn't enough room!"  I yelled to Malachi as I jumped towards the wall.
We parted like two speeding airplanes, and I watched Malachi glide across the brick wall as if he was on even ground.  His eyes were wide, and filled with fear and disbelief.  Even in our dire circumstances, I couldn't help but to smile at his reaction.
I too, easily glided on the wall and to the open walkway, but there was also someone who was equally as agile as we were.  Edan followed behind like an angry dog with his eyes bearing down on us.
Malachi and I joined hands.  "I've never done this before," Malachi said as we cut through the crowd.
"We've got company," I nodded behind us.  "We can't outrun him all night."
Malachi's face paled, and then glanced at me with a smile.  "There's a place we can go, come on!"
"Where?"
"A portal," he said, with glee as if he suddenly remembered.
"You said you've never been here before." 
"Yeah, but Ezra has-come on!"
We took a hard turn to the right, and I nearly tripped on my own feet at the sudden change in direction.  The walkway had less people, but many panels of colorful material that hung on sections of rope that looped from building to building.  The long panels filled the walkway, nearly reaching the tops of the buildings to barely touching the ground.  It was like we had entered a forest. 
Malachi ran as if he had done it before many times, and pushed the panels out of our way followed by voices that protested us being here in a harsh, foreign language.  He held onto my hand tightly as the sheets slapped against us splattering watery dye on our clothing and skin.  I heard Malachi laugh and yelp as we darted through the wet sheets like we were traveling through a rainbow maze.   
My outstretched arm barely held onto Malachi's dye saturated hand.  All I could see were bits and pieces of Malachi as he twisted and turned through the material that slapped in my face.  The air was filled with chemicals that now started to burn my eyes along with the colorful water that mixed into a muddy brown and dripped from our locked hands.  I had hoped we had lost Eden, but we didn't.  Glancing over my shoulder, I caught glimpses of him and his eyes that were fixated with determination on us.  We were losing ground, Eden was gaining on us, and if we didn't find an escape soon, he'd be practically on top of us. 
"Malachi!"  I yelled as we picked up speed.  "My hand-it's slipping!"  I dug my fingers into his palm.
"Just about-"
Panels of the bright material twisted around us like rope.  We lurched forward in a fall. Malachi wrapped his arms around me as we were cocooned in the colorful panels and a blast of golden glitter.  I heard nothing but only my heart beating practically out of my chest.  It felt like we were floating through water, but I could breathe, and wasn't wet as the panels entangled through our legs.  The bright material floated around us as if being carried by water. We had to have fallen into a well or pool somehow, and didn't realize it.  Whatever I was breathing in was cool, and the stench of chemicals was gone.  Suddenly, my chest began to hurt-it had to be water.  I began to kick my legs as Malachi tightened his arms around me.
"It's ok," I heard his voice in my head.
"We fell in water! We're drowning!"  I screamed.
"No, you're not," Malachi's voice easily overrode my panic, and I gave him a perplexed look.  
"It's a portal, and there you'll find my love," a voice said that sounded like Malachi's, but I knew wasn't his words.
I felt a sudden calmness, and let the beautiful panels float around us as my eyes met Malachi's bright blue ones that nearly matched the sea of material we floated in.  I placed my hands gently on his cheeks.  I could still see a faint red spot where I had slapped him earlier.  He pulled closer to me as our lips barely touched.
Our entwined bodies twisted and turned through the sea of glitter and material until I heard an explosion and felt the hard ground underneath us.
Malachi was on top of me, and gazed into my eyes.  He studied me for a moment as if summing everything up, and then slightly smiled.
"You have beautiful eyes, too," he said suddenly.
"What?" I breathed.
"Ahem," said a voice that sounded like Nessa.  "Nice portal entrance."
Malachi and I both turned our heads towards her as Seth bent down with a smirk on his face.  "It's about time you got here.  Welcome to Shangri-La."

Seth


 "Bringing a souvenir from the night market?"  I asked picking up a green section of material that was twisted around both April's and Malachi's feet. 
"Where are we?  How did you get here?"  Malachi stood up and looked around at the garden that surrounded us.  "More importantly, how did we get here?"  He turned to April for an answer, and then to me.  "The last thing I remember was running through drying panels of material, and?" his eyes shifted back to April, "almost losing you."
April shook her head as if trying to get rid of the memory. "You were the one leading the way."  She huffed.  "I thought you knew where you were going."  April stomped in front of him as she threw to the ground a small pink section of the material they brought with them.  "And more importantly what about Edan following us-they seem to pass through portals?"  
Malachi gently cupped his hands around April's cheeks as a look of surprise filled her eyes.  "Are you alright?"  He asked softly with concern.
 April didn't reply at first, and then nodded. "Yeah," she said.
Slowly Malachi removed his hands from April, and slipped his hand into hers.  April had a mixed expression of shock and contentment.  Nessa and I watched as she nudged me with her elbow and smiled.  We watched the spectacle without word.
"It isn't what you think, Nessa," Malachi said, glancing over at us.  "We found the woman-the gypsy woman-the one that completed April's hexmark."
I looked at April's intricate hexmark.  "It's a strong one, and I've never seen before."
"The gypsy woman said you were both in a safer place and," he shook his head.  "I think?"
"Ezra helped us," April finished what Malachi had trouble with. 
I looked at her, at her eyes trying to find a hint of Ezra, but she wasn't there.
"So this is Shangri-La?"  Malachi asked looking around.  "So how did you guys get here?"
"By an angel that lives here," I said, pulling my eyes from April's.  "She was looking for us and was the one we tracked to the portal in Iethia.  She's an earth angel, and she saved us from two demons at the market."  Malachi raked his fingers through his wet hair.  "They are gaining strength, but have no more serum.  That is what they were looking for."
Suddenly the portal that was nestled between the tall shrubs, began to glow and hum with someone passing through it.  We stepped back as Malachi drew his dagger and glanced at me.
"Oh, and we had Ayil and her two sidekick angels that tried to capture us," said Malachi pointing his dagger towards the portal.
Not sure who to expect, I drew mine as well.
A translucent, white mist filled with flecks of gold, slowly thickened as a single form took shape.
"It looks like they're alone."  I stepped closer to the portal knowing they would be a little disoriented at first.
Malachi joined me as the effects of the portal faded. 
"It's Edan, the younger of the sidekicks." Malachi rushed up onto the platform and grabbed him, jerking him to the ground and shoving his dagger in his face.
"Why did you want us?  What were you going to use us for?"  He demanded.
"Get off of me you crazed baboon, or the demons will try to come through the portal!"  Edan yelled slipping his legs out from Malachi just as the portal began to hum.
Edan said something under his breath that I couldn't understand and waved his hand in front of the portal.  It stopped, dropping whoever was in there in a void-the dark places between portals.
"I had two of them practically gnawing at my heels as I chased you two idiots down the street.  And now, we can't use this portal because it's infested with the little creatures."  He shook his head as he gazed at the portal.
"You still didn't answer our question," I said, stepping up beside him.  "What do you want with Malachi and April?"
Edan turned around with an arrogant gaze and smirked.  "Well, let me ask you this.  What are you going to do with a contained demon, more demons coming after her, and the serum meant to enhance monsters is now being consumed by demons, and they are gaining enough strength to come out of their shells.  How are you going to handle that?"
Before I could answer this obnoxious angel, a voice answered for me.
"-with the help of an earth angel-that's how."  Yolanda, the angel that brought Nessa and I here in her buggy at the night market, said standing under the shrub that had grown and was manicured into a tall arch.  "This is our portal platform, or one of the many that are here.  We control them, so, don't worry, when we get tired of you we'll shove you through one of them."
"Yolanda," April said with wide eyes as she stepped towards her.  "What happened?  I thought you were to come and take us to sanctuary," she stood in front of her, both nearly the same height, and stared into her eyes.  "Ben's dead."  She stated as if Yolanda was responsible.
Yolanda reached into her pocket and pulled out a cigarette, but before she could light it, April slapped it from her hand.  "Ben's dead, and you should have helped us!"  April's voice shook.  
Yolanda studied April for a moment, and then smirked at her.  "Feisty monster, aren't you."  She picked the cigarette off the ground and lit it.  "No, my dear, Ben should have stayed put in the safety of his house where I was to pick him up.  Not travel all over Timbuctoo to woo you into marriage.  So the way I see it, he took a risk and paid the price."  She puffed smoke towards April who stood unaffected by it.  Yolanda chuckled, finding it humorous and did it again.
I wasn't sure if April was going to attack Yolanda, or begin to cry.  Malachi noticed, and pulled April away and whispered something in her ear.  She nodded and lifted her eyes to me.  There for a flicker of a second, were Ezra's dark eyes staring into mine.  I wanted to hold her again, to talk to her again, but knew I couldn't.  She was just letting me know she was here, and protecting us. Like a quickly approaching storm taking over a summer sky, Ezra was gone, and April gazed back with apprehension.  She was unaware that Ezra had surfaced for just a moment.
"You are two in one now, half-baked."  Yolanda stepped in front of April flicking her cigarette to the ground and crushed it out with a twist of her foot. 
"What do you mean two in one?"  Edan stepped beside Yolanda, and they both looked at April as Malachi shoved her behind him.
Yolanda sensed Ezra's presence even if it was for only a discreet second.
"Yolanda," I said, gently touching her on the shoulder.  "We were going to discuss things back at your haven, weren't we?" I asked.  "There is a great deal going on, and now with demons gaining strength, time is running short."
"Yes, I suppose we should get back, my husband is waiting for us, and he hates it when I take too long."
"Wait, wait, wait," Edan said, waving his hands in front of his face.  "This is not only earth angel business; this is archangel business as well.  We need to open a portal, and I know you have many, for my father and Ayil, his agent."
Yolanda glanced over her shoulder towards him.  "The portals are sealed, and there's no one leaving or entering until things are secure.  If you didn't want to risk getting trapped here, then you shouldn't have tagged along and wandered blindly into the portal.  I can't help it if you archangels aren't in touch with the reality of the realms and expect us to bend at your screw-ups."
"Excuse me?"  Edan caught Yolanda's shoulder.  "Archangels preside over earth ones.  You know that, and it's a law."
Yolanda jerked her shoulder out from under his hand.  "You're in my realm now, and laws work a little differently here.  I suggest if you want to help the matter, you follow me or if you want to discuss what laws juristic over what realm, then you can stay here and discuss it over with yourself." 
Yolanda and Edan exchanged looks for a moment and then with a shrug of her shoulders, she motioned for us to follow. Malachi and April walked together as I walked beside Nessa.
"Too bad he didn't get sealed in the portal instead of those demons.  At least we can kill a demon and not get charged with anything."  Nessa giggled like a school girl telling a dirty joke.
"I heard that!"  Edan tromped up behind us.  "I heard that," he repeated now walking behind us.  "And that was a threat."  He grabbed hold of Nessa's shoulder and twirled her around with his finger pointed in front of her face.
"It wasn't a threat."  She crossed her arms and glared at him as she passively lowered his extending finger with hers.  "Did I threaten your life? No.  I threatened the demon's."
Edan scrunched his face as Nessa shook her head.  "Yes, but you did indirectly and," a smug look blossomed on his face, "I plan to make formal charges against you."
"Is there a problem here?" asked a thick voice behind us.
Nessa and I turned around both in awe of the tall, dark skinned man with neon green eyes that gazed down at us.  His massive, crossed arms were folded across his chest and looked like two weapons ready to be used if we didn't answer the question correctly.
"No," Edan answered meekly.
"Good, then please join me and my wife, Yolanda, back at our haven."  

Shangri-La had been the home of earth angels for a long time.  I've never been here, but heard plenty about it from Uncle Hes.  It was just as he described it with its sweet air, clear skies, magnificent gardens, and pristine scenery.  It was also a preservatory of endangered animal and nearly extinct plants.  Very few could come here as you had to request permission to do so.  It was the best place we could be in right now.

"So when are we to discuss the current and not to mention the pressing issue of demons, serum and the two being mixed?"  I asked as Yolanda poured wine for each of us.
"I have to agree with the monster," Edan chimed in.  "You earth angels are good at hosting, but I don't think you'd like to be serving demons?and that's what you'll be dong if the matter isn't handled properly.  The two demons at the night market were following me and I've sealed them in the portal-practically brought them to you on a silver platter.  Why not deal with them now?"
I shook my head.  "They may have been in there for a little, but they're out by now.  Those demons, if traveling through the night market and were chasing you, are probably the demons strengthened by the serum.  They may not be able to come here, but they are not trapped like you think."  I looked at Edan as his face turned sour.
"You're just a monster.  What do you know about demons?" 
Edan agitated me, and we didn't need someone like him on our mission, and I certainly didn't need to prove anything to him.  
"Well, you can go back into the portal and search for them if you like, and if you find them, why not kill them and claim all the glory?"  I asked as Yolanda poured me some wine with a smile.  Adan's face paled.
"Unfortunately, the archangel here has sealed the portal at our end rendering it useless for the time being. The demons, Seth you are correct, are out of the portal and still searching for their sister," she motioned with her head in no particular direction, "that is here and contained in a lightstone from Iethia.  She was put there by Seth Fairstone, who is just a monster," her eyes flicked to Edan, "and kept her there until he got here where she is contained within the lightcell stone-the strongest containment-what do you archangels like to call our inventions," she glanced up at the sky with a roll of her eyes.  "Oh, yes, gadgets.  And Seth, who is just a monster, did it with very little training.  How long have the archangels been trying to control the demons?  Eons has it been?"
"Demons aren't easily extinguished as you think." Edan retorted.  "They live in shadow, but when that shadow is penetrated by light, they die.  To use the entire archangel light would be our demise.  You can't destroy the demons by yourself and your knowledge of history," his eyes shifted to me.  "We need to make a plan or we will all perish."
"As much as I hate to agree with an archangel," Yolanda's husband said as he stepped from the shadows of the gardens outside.  "We need to come up with a solution because demons aren't waiting."
"Greetings," Yolanda went up to her husband and lovingly gave him a kiss on the cheek.  "I don't think you've been properly introduced. This is Rusul, my husband." Yolanda smiled back at us.  "He presides over our haven here in southern Shangri-La." 
"So as protector of the southern hemisphere, how do you propose to deal with the demons?"  Edan asked with a conceited look on his face as he stretched out with legs crossed, wine glass empty in front of him, and hands clasped together.  He looked like a fat cat soaking up the sun. 
Rusul tilted his head to the side and with a wave of his hands over the grey, stone table that sat in the middle of our circle, a map, transparent, formed in midair.
"This is a map of the Shadowlands that the demons have already taken over.  They have the orb, though they don't know how to use it, and they have the serum, but no means on how to create more."
"How did you get a map of the Shadowlands?"  Edan asked Rusul.  "Earth angels have no connection to the Shadowlands."
"You don't know your history." Rusul stated.  "Earth angels were the engineers of the Shadowlands and we gave it light-our light-so the shadow children of humans had a place to go before going through the mist.  Therefore, I know enough to make a map."
I glanced over at April sitting next to Malachi.  She looked up at Rusul with relevance, and then shifted her eyes to me.  They were dark-Ezra.  She smiled and looked away.  
April blinked her eyes and rubbed her forehead as Malachi noticed and even though I didn't hear his words, he was asking if she was alright.  April answered with a nod as Yolanda watched with curiosity as well.
Rusul went on to tell us that there was one hidden portal that went directly to the Shadowlands.  It could only be accessed by one way, and that was here in Shangri-La.  There were three demons that had consumed the serum, Eveie being one, and two others.  
"Demons are not stupid, but they have tendencies to follow their instincts rather than reason.  To battle them is fruitless; they will never tire until they've won.  So, I've come up with a plan.  We will lure them here with not only Eveie, but with the one ingredient they lack."  Rusul set his eyes on April as she paled.  "You have a light in you that I've never seen before in a monster.  It's like looking at treasure that's been buried and denied the light of day for centuries."  He smiled bending down in front of her.
April looked frightened, and I hoped Ezra had the ability to calm her nerves as she looked like she wanted to run.  Rusul took her arm that had the hexmark on it, and turned it over exposing it.  He ran his dark fingers over her pale skin like a black storm cloud covering the sun. 
"The gypsy woman has done a good job."  He continued to study her hexmark.  "You are a gem to us here, April and Ezra.  Both of you will be the bait we need to capture the renegade demons."  He smiled at her.
"Who's Ezra?"  Edan asked looking from April to Yolanda.  "Is that what you meant by two in one?"
"She's done a Taking-and she has another powerful monster's life force in her.  She will do us good and she will be the one to fight the demons."  
 
"She's scared, but she is strong, and I remind her of that often," April said, but it was Ezra I was talking to.  "She has an ancient connection to our past-our monster heritage.  She desperately wants to find her mother, but like everything right now, she is frightened, almost too frightened to move or even think.  Malachi is good for her; I've seen it written in the constellations.  He is to protect her and guide her.  Rusul's plan will be an effective one, but April can't fight the demons alone."  She looked up at me with her dark eyes.
"We will be there to protect her.  Rusul is just using her as bait," I said as she shook her head.
"Demons can communicate telepathically, even if in different realms.  Eveie can give them information, and the longer she's here, the more information she is giving them.  Rusul needs to know this, but when April is frightened it is hard for me to speak.  I've been in the Shadowlands, and I've seen demons." She pulled herself closer to me.  "They are strong when appearing weak.  They manipulate and control at their own amusement."  Slowly Ezra's dark eyes were fading.  "I have to let go or April will only weaken with each time I surface, and I can't let that happen."  
As much as I wanted Ezra to stay, I knew it was a risk to April.  I held onto her, and she to me until her arms went limp falling to her sides and her eyes closed.  
Chapter Nine

April

"Ben and I were going to have dinner when Eveie came in and," I hated talking about things that hurt me, and over the years, I've learned to bury them, but this time I couldn't.  Rusul needed, no, wanted information.  "She revealed who she was to us."  Detach myself-that's what I needed to do.
"Give her a rest, Rusul," I heard Yolanda gently plead as my eyes popped open.
"No," I said sternly as he turned back to me with a smile.
"Go on," he said softly as we sat in a rose garden with the sound of trickling water.
"Ben tried to save April from demons and her past," I said, speaking in third person, or was it Ezra.  I felt her strength as if she was sitting next to me holding my hand.  "They were going to have a celebration dinner-they were going to be married, and live in a promised sanctuary.  He didn't mean to create the serum-it was by accident, and never meant for demons.  He gave you, Yolanda, a copy, but it wasn't complete.  He had never written it down and kept it in here," I pointed to my head.  "And he gave April the secret ingredient.  Even if more is made by demon, angel, or monster, it will be incomplete without this."  I held up my ring-my engagement ring.  It sparkled back at me like sun glistening on water. "Benjamin Marsh died protecting April Snow from Eveie not only to protect something that was too powerful for anyone to have, but he died because he loved her."
I felt like a veil had covered by whole body.  I was here and knew what was going on, but felt numb to any of the pain I knew I should be feeling.
"His name should be cleared," I said not knowing why I did.  "His acts were reckless, but he died trying to redeem himself.  Don't hold his promise to you against him.  He didn't know who he could trust with the serum for he knew it was something too great for any creature, noble or wicked, to have."
"I assume I have the pleasure of speaking to Ezra."  Rusul looked into my eyes as if searching for something. 
"No, you have the pleasure of addressing both of us. I, Ezra, am speaking, and April is listening.  Our thoughts and feelings are melting together, though I try not to.  She needs my strength if you are to kill the three demons that are gaining strength.  Eveie is getting stronger, even in your restraints; she is communicating and gaining strength."
"We have contained many a creature in them, and besides, the demon was caught in a puzzlestone.  It will take some time for her to do anything but wallow in her own waste."  Rusul seemed amused, but Ezra and I weren't.  I felt her determination mix with mine.
"The way of many realms depends on your actions, Rusul, and I wouldn't take them lightly."  This time, it was Ezra speaking for herself and warning the earth angels that sat in front of me.

"I brought you something to eat," Malachi said, standing in the doorway.
"These rooms are amazing," I said with a chuckle from him.  "They practically have no walls or ceiling."  I pointed up at the arched roof with panels of glass sandwiched between the triangular shaped supporting beams.  "It really is beautiful.  I feel like a fairy princess that lives in a gazebo surrounded by gardens.  I feel like I'm in a dream."  
Malachi sat next to me on the bed that was layered in thin, silk sheets.  
I shook my head.  "I'm sorry, I sound like an idiot.  It's just that-"
"No, you're not an idiot," Malachi sat the tray down.  "This is an amazing place and I just got done telling Seth the same thing about my room."
"You feel like a fairy princess too?"  I asked with a smile.
"No," he said, gazing up at the ceiling that reflected the warm and cool tones of twilight.  "Maybe a fairy prince, in fact, that was my exact words to Seth. I feel like a fairy prince, Seth!  Don't you?"  He smiled.  "Really, those were my exact words."
He handed me a slice of bread that had what looked like honey slathered on it.
"You didn't say that," I said, taking a bite of the sweet bread with even sweeter honey.
He took a slice of bread and bit off a large section.  "No, they were actually Seth's, I lied."
"You're just trying to make me feel better for acting like a dork."
Malachi shook his head in agreement.  "Yes, but you're a fairy-princess-feeling-dork, and that's different."
"How is that different?"  I asked turning to him.
His eyes met mine, and even in the dim light they still sparkled like the blue water in a magazine showing a photo of some far away tropical place.  I leaned closer, and like an attracting magnet to metal, I felt the pull that drew us together.
"Here, try these," Malachi suddenly pulled away, and grabbed something off the tray.  "They are tiny, but good for you."  He opened his palm revealing two tiny, white dots that looked like pills.  I cringed.  "Don't tell me you've sampled them before, because I can tell you they never leave Shangri-La-they don't even make it to the night market in Nethopania."  He shoved them closer to me.  "Try one, they are made from the flowers here and are a dessert-though tiny, but they melt in your mouth."
"I don't like pills," I said, gazing at what Malachi called a dessert.
Malachi looked down at them.  "Pills?" he questioned.  
I looked from his palm to his eyes.  He didn't understand what I meant.
"They look like pills-medicine. You've never heard of pills?"  I asked in disbelief. 
He shook his head.
"Well," I started.  "Since I was little, I've lived in many homes, and when I got older I ended up in a place that housed all of the unwanted children.  They gave us pills-bitter ones-to make us calm and easier to deal with."  Malachi gave me a sympathetic look.  "I spit mine out every night and to escape, I acted as nicely and reasonably as I could.  I gained their trust, and one night, I escaped."  I let out a deep breath as Malachi looked down at the two white dots that I'd call pills.  
It seemed like years since I was at Sunrise Acres.  I thought I would catch a ride from some sympathetic truck driver and head out west.  Never did I think I would end up meeting a monster in the woods that not only saved me, but opened a world I never knew existed.
"I know what it's like," Malachi said, still gazing at the pills.  "My family was murdered by demons."  He stated with a sigh as if he had to say it to make it final.  "Seth's family took me in, and he's been like a brother to me, but I never felt I was part of the family.  They welcomed me, yes, but the ground I walked on, the air I breathed, felt incomplete.  They tried to nurture me with kindness and understanding, never pills."  He clenched his hand containing the pills until they were crushed to powder.
Malachi then went to the doorway and blew the dust to the pink, bell-shaped flowers that grew outside.  "There," he said, brushing the remaining powder from his hands.  "April Snow, you will never have to take pills when you're with me to make you calm or otherwise easier to deal with." 
I began to laugh.  "Yeah, but what about you?  How am I supposed to deal with you?"
The smile fell from his face, and I thought I had insulted him when a sly smile returned to his lips.  "I guess you will just have to charm me, April Snow, without the assistance of little, white pills."

I never planned on taking a liking to Malachi, but I had.  I felt safe and happy around him as if there were no threat of demons.  For the first time since Ben died, I felt a spark inside of me, except this time, it was something that I created, not a spell.

"You need to speak to her."  Rusul dressed in a long silver robe with black markings that looked like someone had taken a thin paintbrush and randomly marked the edge of the shimmering cape.  "The demon will not communicate with us, and she is gaining strength, but not enough that she is a threat."
I gazed up at the cylindrical wall of light that looked like a frozen waterfall.  If I didn't know what was in there, I'd think it was beautiful, like a sculpture. 
"April," Rusul said as he paced in front of me, his light footsteps brushed against the tiled floor of the cathedral-like building we were in. 
I felt everyone's eyes on me. 
"The demon is requesting you."  Rusul stood in front of me and gazed at me with his striking green eyes that matched the green used in the stained glass windows that flooded us in colored, fragmented light.
"Of course she's requesting her," Edan stepped beside Rusul who slid his eyes over to him in a glare.  "Don't you see," Edan wasn't the slightest intimidated by Rusul's steady glare.  "April has power in her and is an easy target.  The demon will gain power, and when that happens, you'll have a demon running wild in your lovely paradise here."  He waved his arms I the air, and held the cool gaze they shared.  "What are you going to do then?  Do you have an army? militia? warriors?anything that will contain this demon other than your puzzlestone that was never meant to hold a demon anyhow?"
"The puzzlestone is fine; the demon needs to be dealt with, but not by your means."  Rusul turned his gaze back to me.  
"Wait," Edan was persistent.  "How else are you going to deal with a demon?  You can't reason with them, they haven't the capacity to understand negotiations, and if they are attempting to do so, it would be nothing more than a trick."  He crossed his arms.
Rusul drew in a deep breath.  "Look, the only reason I let you in here was because of the long list of laws stating that you had every right to be here.  When it comes down to one thing-you're wasting time.  The demon is gaining strength, and demons are not the creatures you archangels make them to be." 
"This one has two sisters and they are already in the Shadowlands claiming reign over it," Yolanda, dressed in the same long cape, said joining Rusul's side.  "Demons have lived in the shadows for a long time.  They've had time to think, conspire, and they are not the mindless, barbaric creatures you paint them to be."  I thought of how human Eveie looked, at least at first.  
"She was the one who bit me as a little girl, and wants me as her daughter," I said looking at the waterfall of light that encased Eveie.  "She knew my mother, my real one, and knows things of my past."  My fear of the demon was quickly turning into curiosity.  "She doesn't want to hurt me, and she isn't without reason." I glanced between Rusul, Yolanda and Edan.  "Eveie has answers to my questions, but she can't have my power unless I consent to it."
"This isn't a question and answer game," Edan stepped closer to me.  "She will take what she wants, and I don't care what earth angel's philosophy of demons is, because all demons come from the shadows and nothing good exists there."
"I am going to talk to her."  I stated.  "I'm not the easy target you think I am, and really, you don't know me.  Demons have been a part of my life for a long time when I didn't know that's what they were.  I was strong and now I'm ready for it to be over."
Edan made a discouraging sound.  "Being ready for things to be over isn't a solution.  You've had demons torment and follow you your entire life, but how many have you fought?"
"I've fought demons before you were even born," a man emerged from the shadows and walked through the beams of colored light created by the tall, stained glass windows.  "I also know the ways of archangels and earth angels as well as April's kind."
He was a gentle looking man with greying brown hair and dark eyes.  He stood a distance away and looked up at the cell of light that contained Eveie.
"Uncle Hes?"  Seth questioned.  "What-how did you get here?"

Seth

"Yolanda and Rusul, nice to see you again," he said with a bow.  "But unfortunate to meet under these circumstances."  
"Hesediel Grayson, welcome," Yolanda said.
"The serum didn't work well on humans, and the demons gave up on it until this one," Uncle Hes motioned towards the cell containing the demon, "decided to try some for herself.  Eveie has eluded me for some time and I could no longer keep the lightstone in my possession."  He shifted his eyes to me.  "That's where you came in, Seth.  And I see your two door-squabblers are still with you," he glanced at Nessa and Malachi.  "Good companions are hard to find."
"But," I stepped towards him.  "What is this all about?  I thought you were in Duneloc."
"I was called here, just as Ayil Archer and Isaiah Tollwick," he looked to Edan, "your father, and one of the best archangels I've ever worked with."
Dumbfounded as the rest of us were, Edan nodded out of respect.
"I don't understand," I shook my head.  "Uncle Hes, you need to explain."
"It's very simple when you think about it."  He stated like I should have caught on by now.  "You are blood of my blood, I've always told you that, but that is only one part of it.  I wanted you to prove to me you were worthy of the lightstone before I just handed it over to you.  You brought back Ezra from the decaying Shadowlands, captured and contained a demon in the lightstone, and worked the portal to get to earth."  He placed his hands on my shoulders.  "You are not just some ordinary monster Seth Fairstone, you are one blessed with archangel abilities."
"He can't be," Edan protested.
"He is," said another voice coming from the shadows.  It was Ayil walking beside another man that looked like an older version of Edan.
"Father?"  Edan gazed at the man that looked as hard as white marble.
"This wasn't how things were supposed to go, Hesediel."  He was dressed in the same black robe as Yolanda and Rusul.  "You said Ayil had your nephew at her residence along with his companions.  We ended up chasing them through the night market, and nearly losing them to this demon's two sisters."  He motioned towards the cell.  "I think you were trying to trick us."
"Trick you-I wasn't," my uncle replied sternly.  "Things of this matter can go astray at a moment's notice.  We are here now, and that's all that matters."
"That's not all that matters here.  Three demons have consumed the serum, and that's three too many!"  Isaiah raised his voice.  "You told me your nephew was ready to take your place and he would be assisting us.  The serum that the renegade monster made was to be ours."  He motioned towards April.  "And now we have a demon-bit monster in the equation to deal with."
I looked over at where April was standing to not find her there, but in front of the cell containing Eveie.  She gazed up at it mesmerized along with Malachi.  I knew they shouldn't stand that close, and while everyone argued about what was supposed to happen, what to do with the demon, and who should have possession of the serum, April lifted her hand into the cell as a white, slender hand grabbed onto her.  April was releasing the demon.
"April!"  I yelled.  "Malachi!"  But it was too late.
Standing tall and slender, like a blade of grass covered with frost, Eveie with her fire-red hair and pale skin covered with iridescent scales, stood in front of me and smiled.  She held onto April's hand, and shoved a dazed Malachi to the ground.
"Thank you for the lovely accommodations, but I must be going," she said, reaching into her pocket.
I lunged for April, but was quickly knocked to the ground by a bolt of light from April's hand.  Her blackened eyes were like a reptiles; cold and depthless.  I tried to get up, but the air had been knocked out of my lungs.    
Yolanda, Rusul, Isaiah, and Uncle Hes jumped into action without hesitation.  Rusul, Uncle Hes, and Yolanda quickly expelled a thin blade from their hands-palm scepters that were made by the Fae-I had seen them before though never used by angels.  They began to glow red as if they had been heated.  Yolanda, Rusul and Uncle Hes dropped their swords all in unison.  The smell of burnt flesh filled the air.  Isaiah threw two thin, silver disks towards Eveie that exploded like miniature fireworks within inches of her.  Ayil pulled from her side a long, golden whip and tried to coil Eveie up with it, but it too was singed before it could even touch her skin.  Evie laughed with delight as she threw a ball of light towards Nessa who stood by Ayil.  Ayil pushed Nessa out of the way and took the full force of the blast of light.  She fell to the ground beside Nessa who was showered in sparks.
Eveie was enjoying the fight as if she was at a carnival playing games.  Suddenly, a bright, arched opening formed behind her and two silhouettes formed behind her.  They had long hair and eyes that penetrated the curling mist.  They were her sisters-no doubt, and they were not only taking April with them, but Ezra as well.
I jumped up and bolted towards them as Eveie lashed out at me with what I thought was her fist, but exploded when it hit my chest.  I flew through the air and landed half-way across the room as the last thing I remembered was Eveie guiding April through the portal and into the Shadowlands.

I pushed open my eyes and sat up as a sharp pain radiated through my chest to my shoulders.  I wasn't in the holding room where they kept Eveie, but in another room-a bedroom by the looks of the furniture.  My heart sank in my chest-it was too late to save Ezra and April now.
"Don't get up or you'll just start bleeding again," Nessa said with a blackened eye and bandages around her right forearm.  
She guided me back down as her tired eyes gazed at me with worry.
"Nessa," I said with a dry voice.
"Don't talk, just drink."  She pressed a glass of water to my mouth and I drank until it was empty.
"We have to save April and?Ezra," I said trying to get up, but the pain pushed me back down.
"You're up, good."  Uncle Hes with bandages around his hands came into the room.
"April and Ezra, they're gone?to the Shadowlands."  I caught my breath.  "We have to save them.  The demons have the serum."
"Don't you think the angels are already on that?"  Uncle Hes raised his eyebrows.  "They have an army and have already passed through the portal.  In fact, they probably are on their way back now."
"But Eveie, she is strong," I said, still trying to get up.
Uncle Hes gently pushed me back to the pillows.  "No," he said with wide, stern eyes.
"I'm no good here," I said glaring back at him.
"You may have my blood in you, but you are still a monster that bleeds."
"You said I was an archangel.  I'm blood of your blood. If I'm an archangel, why am I not healed?"  I studied my uncle's eyes for an explanation.
He drew in a deep breath.  "You come from a line, my line, of monsters that are fabled to have archangel blood running through them."  He let a rare smile escape his lips.  "You, I don't know how, found the lightstone when you were a snoopy little five-year-old that had gotten into my belongings.  When put into ordinary hands," he lifted his up, "it is nothing but a pretty stone, but put into someone with archangel lineage, and it becomes something entirely different.  I knew and your mother knew that day that everything had changed, and when you were old enough, we needed to know if you still had the ability.  And I must say, you've exceeded my expectations."
"So are you or did you have archangel abilities?"  I asked.
He looked away for a moment as if recalling a memory.  "Not like yours," he said with a grin.  "We need you, the race of monsters needs you, and if you are to fight you need to heal."
"But Isaiah said that I was to take your place.  What place is that?"  I asked.
Uncle Hes drew in a deep breath and looked as though he didn't want to answer.  "Archangels like all their power and anyone who remotely displays archangel abilities in their possession."  A troubled look grew on his face.
"Uncle Hes?"
"Archangels want monsters gone along with demons and anything related to the two.  Earth angles on the other hand, display a little more humanity than the archangels do. Isaiah and Edan don't share the views about monsters as most archangels do.  That is why you are important to the monster race-without you we don't stand a chance.  And chances for monsters are few and far in between."
Uncle Hes let his eyes soften as he held my gaze.
"So what will happen now?"  Nessa asked worriedly.  "I mean, when the angels come back."  I looked at her as she gave me a sideways glance.  I've known Nessa long enough to know when she is hiding something.
"What's going on?"  I pushed myself up, and through the pain that wanted me not to move.
"Nothing that concerns you now," Uncle Hes said with warning eyes.
"The angels, they haven't even gone through the portal yet, have they?  No one has gone after April."
His hesitation to answer, and switching his eyes over to Nessa like a cat waving its tail in warning, was enough to answer my question.
"I know when Nessa is hiding bad news-I've known her long enough that she doesn't hide her emotions very well."  Nessa looked away.
I swung my legs over the side of the bed and gave Uncle Hes a determined look through my pain.  I had to do something other than just sit here.
"You'll be no good, at least not yet."  He pushed against me.
If I couldn't even overpower Uncle Hes, then I knew I couldn't overpower three demons.  I cover my eyes with my hands.
"Where's Malachi then?"  I asked with a grim look from both of them.
"He tried to save April, and was pulled through the portal with her."  Uncle Hes gave me another glass of water.  "Here," he said and shoved it towards me.
"They won't be alone for long.  The angels are close to breaking through the portal."
Uncle Hes mumbled something towards Nessa as I let out a breath of air.  I knew I wouldn't be any help, at least not yet, and it was frustrating.  I knew I couldn't just rush into the portal without a plan.  Demons were tricky and cunning.  They've been in shadows for a long time with the passing of the ages to watch and plan.  Now, it was their time-a chance at revenge.

The landscape was beautiful with grey-black mountains crowned with snow-capped peaks, blue-violet skies that sparkled with stars, and the sound of rushing water from a distant stream.
"Seth," said a female voice.
I turned around to see April standing in front of me dressed in a gauzy sundress with thin straps.  She smiled and turned around as if she was dancing to unheard music.  She looked carefree, and even though it was her voice, it was Ezra's eyes I was looking into.
"Please tell me I've died and we are together in this magnificent land," I said and really did wish it.
"You are not dead, and this is the land the three sister-demons have made in the Shadowlands.  We need you here.  April will die when they take the ring from her to make the serum and create their army. They are close to succeeding, Seth."  Suddenly her body jerked backwards as if someone had pulled on her outstretched arm. 
"April is sleeping-we are dreaming-the demons pull at her, Seth?the stone isn't useless."
Her image faded and like lights slowly diming, the serene landscape that I felt was a promise of a future Ezra and I both had, disappeared.  And then the cobweb-like darkness surrounded me.
Chapter Ten

April

I knew I wasn't going to get loose, but I kept pulling at the metal threads around my wrists until blood dripped from them.  I had to get out of here, and escaping by breaking free, wasn't going to work.  I was in the demon's land now, and with no place to go, no place to run, I had to escape by other means.
"You shouldn't hurt yourself like that, daughter," Eveie said, gazing at me with her bright eyes.  I didn't like her calling me daughter, and ignored it.
I always thought demons would be ugly, gross creatures, but at least Eveie wasn't.  She looked like an exotic fish with her iridescent scales that gleamed like jewels and her red hair contrasted with all of her glittering lightness-she looked more angelic than anything.
I knew there was no chance at freeing my arms and running off in some unknown direction.  I was in their land, and I didn't know where the portal was exactly. And if I found it, I had no idea how to work it. I'd have to escape by another tactic. 
"You're pretty," I said with a surprised look from her.
 "Really," she snickered. "What makes you say that?"  She grinned as she crossed her arms waiting for my reply.
I studied her for a few seconds thinking carefully of what my answer would be.  "I always thought demons would be ugly, but you are beautiful."
"Hmmm," she sounded surprised as if no one had ever told her that.  "Some wouldn't say that because beauty is defined in so many ways.  Take some plants for example.  Some of the most beautiful flowers are the deadliest if consumed.  So, even though I truly think you find me attractive in as one would look at art, I'd look closer and wait to make a compliment until you've studied every inch of who I am."
I thought my kind remarks would've caught her off guard, because how many people say to a demon that they are attractive.  I would have to work harder to charm the scales off of her if I was to even attempt to reach the heavily guarded portal.
"But daughter, I'm glad you can see some beauty in me because I plan on keeping you as I planned so long ago," she said bending down beside me.
"You're mother never wanted you."  Her words surprised me and I gasped as if an iron spike was being driven through my chest.  "Actually, I had no intentions of biting you.  It was a spur-of the-moment decision on my part that is now paying off."
I swallowed hard.  "You knew who my mother was?"
Her eyes narrowed.  "I'm your mother, and no one else."  She grabbed my chin making me look into her eyes.
"Get away from her!"  Malachi yelled with one eye swollen and the other barely open.
Eveie turned and hissed at him until the hissing turned to amused laughter.  Malachi had come with me through the portal.  I didn't think he'd risk his life to save mine, and now, I felt obligated to save him as well.
"Oh, little monster, how paths can cross in the most unexpected ways."  She tousled his hair as he flinched at her touch. Eveie only laughed as you would at the antics of kittens playing.
"It seems like you were just a boy a few days ago, and just look at you," she said, opening her arms to him as if showing him off to an invisible crowd.  "You are practically a grown monster-delicious," she licked her lips.
"But mother," I said, even though the words were bitter on my tongue.   I had to play this mother-daughter game with Eveie if I was going to win any trust with her.  "He is useless to us, leave him be."
"April, don't listen to her!"  Malachi yelled, oblivious to my plan.  
Eveie gave a scowl and slapped him across the face.   
"I thought about taking you-never had a little boy before-but Ebony said to leave you so you could spread word of the handy work of demons."  She lifted him to his feet.  "You are like a doll to me-like one of April's dolls she use to play with."
Just the thought of Eveie watching me grow up, made me shudder.  All those years of those vivid, blue eyes watching me, unnoticed, following me, and making me her daughter in them, should have been disturbing, but it wasn't.  There was something in her, deep within her that drove her to do what she did.
"Let him go!"  I yelled.  "You have me now, mother!"
Eveie held him for a second more then dropped him to the ground, just like a toddler would when done playing with a doll.  Malachi gasped for air as he laid on the floor.
Eveie turned, and came over to me with a smile.  She untied my hands and took my bloody wrists in her hands examining them.
"Medusa string is a wicked thing," she said, running her hands over the several gashes that lined my wrists.  "There, and without the use of serpents oil."  She smiled with a shrug of her shoulders.
I looked at my wrists.  "Thank you," I said looking into her eyes, and for a moment, a piece of humanity stared back at me.  I wasn't sure if it was something of Ezra in me that allowed me to see it, but there was more to Eveie than just being a village-killing demon.  
"Eveie, what are you doing?!"  A harsh voice erupted behind her.  "You were just supposed to watch her, not undo her restraints so she could escape like a rat!"
As if being called to attention, Eveie got up, but stood protectively in front of me.  I leaned over to have a look at the demon.  
Wrinkled, white, parchment-like skin, hung on her face as if it was clinging to it, and could possibly fall off at any time to expose the bone underneath.  Her eyes reminded me of the deep potholes that littered the parking lot at Sunrise Acres-muddy-brown, covered with the dull colors of oil that skimmed the surface of the disgusting water that dripped from the bus that parked there.  Her arms were bony with knobby elbows, and her fingers were long and stringy that curled around like tiny snakes.  She was dressed in a long, black coat that was sleeveless and had an arched collar that haloed around the back of her head.  Her hair, if you could call it that, consisted of a few strands of silver that floated delicately around her wrinkled face.
"Eos," Eveie whispered her name.  "She wouldn't stop trying to loosen her ties, so I took them off or she would have cut off her hands.  Then where would we be?  We need her alive and well to take her energy."
Eos stepped in front of her and gazed into Eveie's eyes as if searching for something.  "You have severed your ties with this monster." She questioned.  "You cannot have any feelings for her."  Eos stood close to Eveie.  "Not that demons are supposed to have any feelings for little monster children," she said under her breath, but loud enough for us to hear.  "Very well, bring her to the garden, and let's get our power we so deserve." 

Seth


The angels couldn't penetrate the portal, and as each minute went by, our chance slipped away along with it.  At least Malachi was with April, but I didn't know how long he could hold out with the demons.  He hated them, not that we all didn't, but he barely escaped the massacre that took his whole village.  I remembered how often he was questioned by not only the police-like Custodians of Iethia, but the angels as well.  They came several times the first few years Malachi stayed with us.  My mother hated them, but she had no choice but to let her adopted son go through what she called an angel-inquisition.
It had always been me and my mother, and when Malachi came into our family, it was like getting a present-at least for me.  Malachi kept to himself at first and was slow to be a part of our lives.  His family was murdered before his young eyes, and he would have violent dreams that would not only wake him, but me as well.  His fear for the darkness was so great; we had to leave a light on while we slept.
Slowly, as all stories do, Malachi's faded out of the everyday talk of others, and to my mother's relief, it faded from the interests of angels.  Malachi was resilient, and as he grew, the bad nightmares faded.  He appeared like any normal monster, but I knew he had scars inside that would never heal and I hoped were not ripped open again.

"I'm worried about Malachi," Nessa said, handing me her plate filled with different greens and topped with what looked like crumbled cheese.  "I can't eat now, and you need your strength."
"Here we'll split it because I know you're hungry too."  I handed back her fork.
"Malachi's strong and he'll protect April."  I tried to sound positive, but I felt the same as Nessa-worried. 
She took several bites of the salad.  "Seth, we have to do something because the angels aren't even able to work the portal.  I heard them say something that it was webbing, and soon it would be permanently closed at our end.  And to top it all off, Ayil said the stone, your stone the lightstone, is useless now.  She called it contaminated."  She had the salad nearly gone.  "All they told me was to stay out of the way and watch over you."  She looked at me.  "I think you are better since you have that curious grin on your face-Seth?you have a plan don't you?"
"Not fully ready, but I know the stone isn't useless, at least not yet."

My wounds had nearly healed, but Nessa's bruised eye was beginning to turn different colors and she walked with a limp.  I knew she would follow me wherever I went, but I knew she wouldn't be strong enough to battle demons, and I wasn't sure if I was strong enough to battle them and protect her at the same time.
Ayil, Uncle Hes, and Rusul were working on the portal.  Yolanda held the lightstone in her hand.  Isaiah and Edan looked like they were trying to create another portal by use of an etch-another implement used by the Fae to make portals.  
"If we are going to save April and Malachi, I need that stone," I motioned towards Yolanda, "and go through that portal."  Ezra had told me that the stone was not useless or corrupted as the angels thought.  I felt something, a connection to it that I couldn't explain.  
"What are you going to do?  Go and ask her for it or just take it from her?"  Nessa and I stood behind a giant pillar.  "They don't even want us in the room with them.  Mostly it's those two archangels that don't, and they keep barking laws and regulations at everyone."  She peeked at them as the morning sun filtered through the openness of the building.  "They've sealed this area and are trying to get more archangels here.  That's what their portal is for.  Your uncle and his team ignored Isaiah and Edan, and are trying to use the portal Eveie used.  But it's starting to web shut, and I know whatever exactly that is, isn't good."
"I need you to go and talk to Isaiah and Edan while I get the stone from Yolanda."  I gazed down at Nessa as the sun illuminated her nearly white hair.  She'd look almost like an angel if her face wasn't scrunched up with confusion.
"What?"  She asked shaking her head.  "What am I supposed to talk to them about?  I suppose I could have them repeat a few laws I didn't understand or if there were anymore that might interest me in why I shouldn't be here, and the possibility of being put in confinement."  She crossed her arms.  
"I need a diversion to get the stone away from Yoloanda, and use it to enter the portal.  If you keep them busy, then all I have to worry about is getting the lightstone and going through the portal.  And I'm fast enough to do it."
"Rusul is like a brick wall," she said, glancing at him and then at me.  "Can you bust through a brick wall?"  
I drew in a deep breath.  "For Malachi and Ezra, and, April," I looked at him as my heart raced, "I can."
Nessa assessed the room with me.  "Well, if we're going to do this, we need to move."  She walked out into the room, and towards the two archangels.
She acted impressed with the portal and asked questions about it as Isaiah asked her several times to go away and stand back.  Nessa had a charm to her, but I knew that charm would wear thin if I didn't act now.
I focused on Yolanda.  Delicately, she held the lightstone in her hand and in front of her as it caught the rays of light.  Fragmented beams of light radiated from it.  I watched her handle it as I gazed at it like a hungered beast waiting to take over another beast's fresh kill.  The stone was meant for me, and I wasn't sure if it was destiny, fate, or instinct, but I felt drawn to it.
I kept my eyes on the stone as I snatched it quickly from Yolanda.  Too surprised, Yolanda didn't have time to react as I charged towards the portal with my outstretched arm that held the lightstone firmly clenched in my palm.  The portal began to hum, and without warning, light exploded as if a dam holding back gallons of water gushed to the floor and filled the air.  Uncle Hes, Rusul, and Ayil were knocked and pinned to the ground surrounded by the tendrils of light.
I didn't look at their faces as I walked with unblinking eyes towards the portal and entered it.
With my arm still taunt and held out in front of me, I walked through the blinding light.  I felt the pull the stone had on my hand, and if I would've let it go, it would easily fly from my hand.  I kept my grip on it until the tension faded and I was standing on a grassy hill with black mountains in the distance.
"Let go of me!" demanded a voice behind me.
I turned around, and sprawled out between the tall blades of grass was Edan and Nessa.  My stomach dropped as now I knew I had to be responsible for not only Nessa, but Edan as well.  This wasn't supposed to happen.
"Ouch!"  Nessa yelled as Edan got up and Nessa rubbed her ankle.
"What in all the ages are you doing?  You can't do what you just did without consequence."  Edan, who was nearly as tall as me, stood with glaring eyes.
I didn't have time to argue and shook my head at him as I helped Nessa to her feet.
"Are you alright?"  I asked her.
"I would be if Archie-the-Angel here wouldn't have stepped on my foot."  Gingerly she touched it.  "I think it is worse."  
"I'm reporting this and keeping track of everything that you do."  Edan pulled out a small notebook and a tiny pencil from the spiral binding that held it together.
I grabbed it from his hand, and crumpled it in my fist as I glared at him.
"We are in the Shadowlands with three demons here holding what could possibly be the demise of not only Iethia, but as many worlds as they want.  You will listen to me, write nothing down, and do as you're told if you want to get out alive." 
"You don't understand, monster," Edan leaned closer to me and glared at me in all of his whiteness.  "I'm an archangel, and-"
I grabbed him by the neck and shoved him into the smooth, black granite portal frame that stood out like a half-buried picture frame in the ground.  Glaring into Edan's surprised eyes; I slid his body against the cool stone until his feet were slightly off the ground.
"I don't care if you are the head archangel," I said as Edan struggled to undo my grip around him.  "You will listen to me if you want to get out alive or die-either by my hand or a demon.  Understand?"
Gasping for air, and with a slightly red face, Edan agreed with a slight nod and a blink of his eyes.  I let him down, and turned my attention to Nessa.
"You and Edan will stay here next to the portal," I said as Nessa tried to stand on her slightly twisted ankle.  "You will guard the portal and protect Nessa."  I pointed at Edan and warned him with my glowing eyes.
He nodded his head as he rubbed his neck that was beginning to bruise.  His mouth twitched with words of protest, I'm sure, but never spoke them as he glared his warning.
"The council will hear about this-don't think they won't," Edan finally said as I stood next to Nessa.
"You have to be alive to tell them your version first," I replied as something materialized in the portal that caught my eye.
I pushed Edan out of the way and looked at the portal that ghostly reflected the green landscape behind me and the room back at Shangri-La.  The two places overlaid one another.  I tried to see what was going on back in the portal room at Shangri-La, but the two images were slowly fading.  Suddenly, an image formed through the swirling silver that was consuming it.  It was Uncle Hes and he looked at me and smiled, then was gone.
"Well, what are you waiting for?"  Eden asked.  "You're just staring into the portal.  I thought you were going to be the hero-of-the-day." 
I pulled a sheathed dagger from pocket and tossed it towards Nessa.  "If anyone comes besides me, or if Archie gets a little too annoying, kill them both."  I turned and sped off not hearing whatever Edan had to say in protest.

The landscape was beautiful, and I couldn't see how demons could have created something breathtaking.  The gentle sloping hills were covered in a carpet of green grass, the delicate wildflowers that danced in the wind crowned the knolls in their colorful glory for miles.  The black mountains glinted with silver as the sun bathed me in warmth.  
I stopped running, and caught my breath.  This couldn't be created by demons, and I didn't know how vast the Shadowlands were since I've only seen fragments of it through Ezra.  It was easy to get lost in the beauty that mesmerized me in this lands now controlled by demons.  But where were they?  They could be anywhere, and even had portaled to another area entirely.  
I stood on top a hill overlooking the vastness of the lands before me and I felt I was trying to find a needle in a haystack.
"You shouldn't stay in the open," a voice of a young child said behind me.
I turned to see a girl no older than nine or ten with black hair and pale skin looking up at me with blue eyes.  She was dressed in a long, blue dress and had a number of necklaces of tiny shells around her neck.  She nervously rolled the purple and blue shells on one of the necklaces between her fingers.
I took a step towards her as she ran down the hill.
"Wait!"  I yelled as I followed her down the steep incline and towards a forest that suddenly sprouted with a groan from the ground it sprung from.
Dirt and debris fell from the newly grown trees that shook and swayed into place.  The girl ran into the forest that was like a giant, green curtain swallowing her whole.  I ran in after her, and pushed back the whipping limbs that were like springs being released from the rich, black soil in this newly born forest. 
She was small, quick and darted through the trees like a tiny rabbit.  I lost sight of her a few times, but could hear the rattling of her necklaces as she ran.
"I'm not going to hurt you!" I yelled as the forest thickened with trees and grey rocks jetted out of the ground between the towering trees.  
She kept running as fast as she could until she crested over a small hill and disappeared.  I followed her, and nearly fell into a rushing stream with colorful rocks protruding out of the sparkling water that caught the sun and glistened like jewels in a river of silver.  The girl stood at the edge of the stream and looked at me over her shoulder.
"I didn't want Eos to see me or see you," she said in a calm voice as I stood nearly winded from running after her.  "My name is Ella, and I'm Eveie's daughter."
Eveie's Daughter? 
She turned and extended her hand towards me.  Confused and unsure if I should touch her or not, I nodded my head.  "My name is Seth," I said as she took off one of her necklaces.
"Here, you'll need this to walk in my lands."  She handed me a string of blue shells that were pointed at one end and rounded at the other. 
"These are your lands?"  I questioned not sure if I was talking to a demon, soul or something else.
"My mother said I could play in them and make them however I wanted to them to be," Ella said proudly with a raise of her chin.
"They're magnificent.  However did you make them?"  I asked trying to appease Ella and learn all I could from her.
She looked around at them, and smiled with pride.  "My mother gave me magic so I could make the lands I like.  She likes them too and said she would walk in the gardens with me later."  She smiled at me.  "Put your necklace on and come play with me before Eos finds out."  She stepped into the ankle-deep stream.  "I like water."  She gazed down at it as I put on the necklace.
"Who's Eos?" I asked.
Her eyes shot to me as she put a finger to her mouth.  "Don't say her name too much or she'll come.  They are busy with the girl and boy that I can't play with.  I don't get to play with hardly anyone."  Ella kicked at the water with crossed arms.
It was April and Malachi.  I wanted to ask her desperately if they were still alive and what was going on, but I knew she wouldn't be able to answer those questions, but she could lead me to them.
"I'd love to meet your mother and maybe I can persuade her to let us all play together in the lands you made."  I smiled at her as a flicker of agreement casted over her face, and she slipped her tiny hand in mine.
Immediately, I could sense something familiar about her.  Was she a human or monster?  I couldn't tell. 
"You won't get to play with any of them, monster," a voice said behind me.
I turned to see Eveie glaring at me with her blue eyes, scale-covered arms crossed and tapping her foot on the ground.
"That is until I get done with you."  She smiled as I reached for my dagger and threw it towards her as Ella screamed.

April

"Malachi," I whispered his name.  "Malachi," I repeated with no response.
Eveie and Eos had left suddenly leaving Malachi and me alone.  They moved us to a cage with silver bars that reminded me of a fancy birdcage.  The terrain was littered with grey rocks and surrounded in a lavender sky.  It reminded me of pictures of the moon's surface with its barren, grey landscape.  
I had tried to loosen the lock on the door, and even bend the bars in hopes of slipping between them, but it was too strong even though it looked delicate and I should have been able to easily twist it with my fingers.
"Malachi, we have to get out of here." I knelt beside him as he stared blankly in front of me.
Eos had simply stared into his eyes rendering him into almost like a zombie.  If we were going to escape, now was our chance.  I tried the bars again.  It was useless and I was just wasting time and  energy.  
"You can wake him," said a voice-Ezra's voice-in my head.
I knew she was with me, and just like a pretty knickknack sitting quietly on a shelf, so was Ezra inside of me.  I felt her strength since I did my second Taking on her.  Our thoughts, feelings and personalities were beginning to blend and bind as one.  I wasn't scared of it or felt it wrong. In fact, for the first time in my life, I felt complete like I had suddenly grown another arm or leg that had been amputated and miraculously regrown. 
I turned to Malachi.  Pushing back his dark hair, I tilted his face towards mine.  His eyes were fixed and pupils dilated like two black dots.  I wasn't sure how to bring him out of this demon-trance, but I didn't need to, Ezra did.
With unblinking eyes, I burrowed my gaze into his expressionless stare.  At first I thought I was doing a Taking, but before I stopped, Ezra reassured me.
"You are giving him some of your energy," she said just before I started to release my hands from his face.
I let Ezra guide me like a blind person through traffic. I trusted her enough to let her share a body with me, and I trusted her with Malachi.
I kept my eyes on Malachi's blue eyes that reminded me of a summer day, but not any summer's day, the first nice one that was the start of the season and a relief from the erratic winter that didn't want to end.  I felt the air change around us-it became sweeter and blew gently across us and ruffled a few strands of my hair.  The grey-purple light that surrounded us, transformed into a bright light releasing the different colors of our surroundings that the lavender light had shrouded.
I let my connection to Malachi deepen and suddenly, it felt as though someone had taken a spoon and scooped out a part of me like ice cream out of a container.  Grateful pain.  That is the only way I could describe it.  It was like pulling a thorn out of a sore finger-it made it worse at first, but when it was done, you felt no more pain.  My energy slipped to Malachi like a summer's cloud drifting across the sky.
Malachi drew in a deep breath and blinked his eyes.
"Malachi," I said with relief as I sat on his lap with my hands still cupping his cheeks.
He looked around then up at me with a smile.  "Was it good for you?"  He teased as he curled his hands around my wrists.
The comment would have normally agitated me, but it didn't.  "Yes, yes it was."  
I stood up and smiled at him as I helped him to his feet.
"Then we should do that more often," he said, looking around at the bars of the cage.
"Help me with the lock before those two demons get back."  I went over and rattled the door again.
"What about the third demon, dear?" asked a woman that suddenly stood in front of me.  
She was dressed in a white gown that draped across her body and trimmed in gold threads.  Her hair, skin and the iris of her eyes were all the same shade of grey and looked like someone had created her out of clay.  She was beautiful as if she had been shaped by an ancient artist in some distant land from another time with her hair piled high on her head and adorned with looping gold thread woven through her grey strands.  Her skin was smooth, and showed no blemishes or any imperfections.  Even when she smiled, it barely revealed any wrinkles.
"I'm Ebony, and you shouldn't draw attention to yourself like this."  She motioned around her.
The grey landscape had changed into one filled with trees, grass and blue skies overhead.
"I think Eos underestimated your power, and I'm beginning to question her ability to keep things on schedule." She slid her hand across the lock and it clicked open.  "Both of you come."  She shifted her grey eyes from me to Malachi, and then turned walking away.
Malachi went out first and tucked me behind him as we followed Ebony.
"Where are you taking us?" he asked.
Ebony turned and glanced at us over her shoulder.  "If you like dealing with Eos, then stay here, because she wants you as a pet, and you," she fixed her grey eyes on me.  "She wants your energy.  And the only way for her to get that is by killing you."  Ebony turned and faced us as she crossed her arms across her chest.  "I'm offering you something entirely different-decide your own fates here in the Shadowlands."
"And what is that?"  I asked stepping out behind Malachi and closer towards Ebony.
She smiled.  "We can both benefit here, and Eos isn't offering anything to you.  If you don't come now, you won't have a choice, but will die instead.  Eos's power is strong, but combining ours will be stronger."
Ebony turned and walked towards the green landscape that I had unknowingly created.  I looked up at Malachi, and then wrapped my hand in his.
"We don't have a choice, let's follow her."  I gently tugged on him.
He took in a deep breath.  "These are no ordinary demons," he warned in a low voice.  "They are powerful, cunning, and by the sound of what Ebony said-fighting already amongst themselves over power of the Shadowlands." 
"I know, but this one is helping us.  Eos wants to suck the life out of me when she gets back, and turn you into a zombie puppet," I said in a hushed voice.  "This is our escape, and we need to take it."
Ebony stopped, and gazed over her shoulder at us as if waiting for Malachi to decide.  I looked at her too, and realized she wasn't forcing us to go with.  She wanted us to go willingly.  I didn't understand why since she was a demon and could have what she wanted right now and get rid of Eos when she came back.
Malachi looked at her, and then at me.  "Let's go, I don't want to be a zombie puppet and have the life sucked out of you."

Ebony led us through the mini oasis that I had unknowingly made when I gave Malachi some of my power to a cavern with towering, jagged rocks.  A narrow, sandy path wound its way through the yellowish colored cliffs.  Ebony didn't say anything to us, and glanced back with her clay-colored eyes.  A gentle breeze swooped down on us stirring up the sand that was the same yellow color as the cavern walls that jetted out in sharp angles.  The lavender sky overhead was like a tiny ribbon of color that contrasted with the warm colors surrounding us.
Malachi walked in front of me and held my hand tightly.  He didn't say anything, but I could tell he was getting more and more nervous the farther we went.  His hand was sweating in mine, and he repositioned it several times.  I didn't feel threatened or scared at all, and really should have been, but I wasn't.  Maybe it was Ezra calming me in her own way, but I knew Ebony wasn't going to hurt or lead us into a trap.  
"If she does something, run as fast as you can out of here," Malachi said without removing his eyes from Ebony who walked gracefully in front of us with her sheer dress curling around her feet like mist.
She glanced back with a smirk and a raise of her left eyebrow.  "We're here, lovelies." 
The slender pathway opened to a large crevasse of the same yellow rock, but open to the sky above.  I stood in awe of the intricately designed buildings carved out of the rock.  Arched window, doors and carvings of swirling designs graced the walls of the many structures that lined this large circular area.  
"It's beautiful," I said staring up at it.
"It should be," Ebony said with crossed arms gazing up at it as well.  "Ezikel designed and carved this for me.  He's an amazing architect, and quite an accomplished demon with amazing ideas-that is until Eos sucked the life from him."  Her voice filled with sourness.  "But all isn't lost yet, come," she said walking up to the largest of the carved buildings.
Inside was as magnificent as outside.  The walls were scalloped in deep arching designs that reminded me of frozen waves, and the floor was smooth with pastel colored stone.  Overhead were irregular, dimly glowing balls of light.
"You have orillions?"  Malachi questioned with surprise.
Ebony turned with a gloating smile.  "Yes, we demons do enjoy what others create, but not all demons respect and enjoy what others make.  I have an appreciation for many things, my young Malachi."  She stood in the center of the room that was a mix of many colors pale and some shining in this elaborate room.
"It's really beautiful," I said with a glare from Malachi as he shoved me behind him.  
Ebony walked towards us with a smile.  "Ah, you appreciate as well."  She stopped in front of us as Malachi squared his shoulders.
"If I wanted to kill you I could, but I don't.  I'm tired of killing, taking and being ruthless, lawless, and without an ounce of humanity.  That is the one trait we can all learn from the human race-being compassionate to others and having a sense of respect for others.  Being a demon or angel, there is no in-between, there are only definite lines and from that spawns wars.  Sometimes I think humans as well as monsters would be better off if they didn't have us looming over them."  She switched her grey eyes from me to Malachi.  "I wish to change that."
"And how do you plan to do that?"  Malachi asked.
Ebony smiled. "By letting April Snow do what she does best-she will take my power and Eos's power as well."  She stepped towards us.  "She will do a Taking."

Seth

Eveie twisted just as the dagger skidded past her and embedded itself into a tree behind her.  She looked at it then at me with a smile.  
"You like to play with sharp things.  We don't like to play with such things-they will hurt others."  She plucked the dagger from the thick bark and crumpled it like it was made of paper.
"Mother, this is Seth and he wants to play with us," Ella said with a whining-pleading voice.  "He won't hurt us? he promises."  She slid her eyes to me.  "You won't hurt us, right Seth."
I looked from Ella to Eveie.  "I'm looking for my friends that you brought here."
Eveie stepped closer.  "You are powerful, this I can see since you opened a portal that I had quickly sealed so that no one-angel, monster or otherwise could pass.  But you made it here."  She stood gazing at me with her vivid blue eyes.  "I don't want Eos to find him, understand Ella?"  She looked down at the girl as she bobbed her head with enthusiasm.
"You want me to keep him here in Ellaland?"  She asked with an emphasis on Ellaland.
"For just a little, and then I will be back."  She set her icy, blue eyes on me.  "Don't think of leaving, little monster. This land will be sealed from anyone leaving or entering."
I knew I couldn't overpower Eveie, and kept my eyes steady on her.  She turned and faded into the green foliage with a slight ruffling of the low hanging limbs.
"Great, she's gone, now we can play," Ella said joyfully as she threw off her shoes and jumped into the rock-bottom stream.  
The water swirled around her feet as she laughed and told me to join her.  If I was to get anywhere, Ella would be my way out.  Eveie, I knew, had to have stolen this little girl from somewhere and someone-just who she was I didn't know, but would try to find out.
I joined her in the water, amusing her in play as we looked at the rocks she designed then something struck me about this place.  It wasn't just a concoction of something Ella created; it was a memory of a place that was not only remembered by Ella, but me as well.
"High Cliffs," I whispered to myself as I looked up at the jagged rocks that looked like had been sliced by a hot knife leaving reds, yellows, oranges and streaks of black staining the rock that allowed a waterfall to cascade down it like hair.
It was an unmistakable landmark of the Borderlands-where Malachi was from.  
"I like the waterfall," I said, pointing to it.
Ella looked up at it as if she had suddenly come across something she wished she didn't.  Looking up at it in a slightly fear-filled awe, Ella swallowed and then looked at me.  "It's the place Eveie found me," she said, calling the demon by her name rather than mother.  "I don't remember anything about it, but Eveie told me that is where I was born and she is my mother."  She looked at me with her blue eyes.  "My mother told me to never call her by her name, but?"
"She isn't here, and has sealed us in here."  I stood beside her and looked up at the waterfall. "I know this place too."  Her eyes shot up at me as her mouth gaped open.  "It's called the High Cliffs, and is found in the Borderlands of Iethia where my race lives-the race of monsters."  I knelt next to her, rolled up my sleeve, and showed her my hexmark.
She looked at it, and then slowly and cautiously, she touched it with her finger.
"I-I have one too," she whispered.
It was a tribal hexmark just like mine.  I held my arm out next to hers, and let her just look at them, comparing them.   She would touch hers, then mine.  She was a monster being raised by a demon, and now my way out of here. 
"You know what this means?"  I asked.
"I'm like you?" She questioned.
"You are a monster, like me and like many of us living in Iethia."  I stood up and rolled my sleeve back down as she looked from her hexmark to the waterfall and then closed her eyes.
She stood for a few minutes with her eyes closed.  I wasn't sure what she was doing and scanned the area for anything threatening.  But nothing came as she slowly opened her eyes and gazed up at me.
"I remember screaming, yelling, feet pounding on the ground, and fire.  My mother tried to erase my memories, but I kept them-hidden-even from myself."  Her demeanor began to change before my eyes. "I nearly had forgotten my first memory and even my hexmark, that is, until you came."  Her blue eyes flickered to me and had seemed to age in the matter of seconds.  Even though she still looked the same, something in her aura or covering it, crumbled.  
"We need to get out of here, Ella," I said taking her by the arm that had her hexmark on it.  "You don't belong here."
She looked at her hexmark then at me.  "I have the ability to break through my mother-I mean Eveie's barriers she makes.  Eos is another story."
"If you want to get out of here, tell me what demons we are up against."
Ella told me that the three demons were sisters and Eos was the oldest followed by Ebony and then Eveie.  They controlled the shadows and other demons there as well.  Ella was kept away from most of their doings, but remembered a man that came and bought some of the flowers Ella created with her gifted magic.  She said she cried when he took the white flowers that glowed and smelled like perfume.
"He took them all with the promise of a gift in return.  When I asked Eveie what that was, she said it was coming soon and if I was patient enough, I could have as much room to run and play in as I wanted."
Ella also said Eos never liked her, and would often destroy what she had created.  Eveie would get scolded by Eos for letting Ella play and run around like she did.  Eos never did anything to Ella, but she knew one day that patience would run out.
As for the third demon, she mostly kept to herself and watched Ella from a distance.  
"Ebony is beautiful," Ella said, with her eyes on the waterfall.  "She never really talked to me, but I can remember when I was first allowed to play with magic, Ebony came and played with me in the lands I created. That was the only time she ever acknowledged me." She shrugged her shoulders.  "After that, she stayed in the shadows, but I could always feel her eyes on me." 
Ella looked away wrapping her arms around stomach and gently stroking her arms as if trying to comfort herself.  
I touched her on the shoulder.  "Ella, do you think you can break Eveie's barrier on us?"  
Ella smiled with confidence.

We ran through Ella's enchanted land that mimicked the Borderlands in a haunting way to me.  The forests and streams that forked the land divided the grassy landscape into pie shapes.  If the stream was too wide, Ella simply made a bridge so we could cross.  When we reached the barrier, it wasn't what I expected. The barrier was actually an invisible shield, kind of like a bubble that was flexible.  Grey, rocky landscape could be seen through it, but was blurry.
"Watch," Ella said with a half-smile and a twinkle in her eye.  
Sliding her finger along the waving shield, a thin line was cut from her glowing fingertip.  A rush of the hot air from outside rushed in as we slipped through the small opening and into barren landscape.  Ella resealed our escape hatch with a quick swipe of her finger.
"Eveie uses the element of air too much and too often that I know how to work with it as well.  I wished she'd use something else.  I would like to learn how to use the other elements as well."
I looked down at Ella with her dark hair and blue eyes.  She looked too innocent to have the knowledge of demon magic.
"You mean you can bend the element of air?"  I asked with a confused look from her.
"Bend? I don't bend it.  I kind of swirl it around like leaves on the surface of water."
"No, I mean you can make it do what you want."
She smiled a sly smile with a nod of her head.  "Yeah, I can make it do what I want." 
Though I had just met Ella, I could see that something had sparked in her-the demon spell, or whatever Eveie had put on her, was gone.
"Now, what way to go," I said gazing at the vast and monotone landscape surrounding us.  "We have got to get away from here before Eveie come back."  Ella stood beside me.  "Any suggestions as to where they would be keeping my friends?"
She peered into the distance, and then off to our right, she pointed.  "There," she looked at me.  "They had another demon make them a palace.  If they'd be anywhere, that's where they'd be."  Ella was already walking in the direction she had pointed.  I could see nothing but grey rocks and lavender sky.
"Wait, another demon?"  I questioned catching up with her.
"Yeah, they had another demon-an architect designed it.  Eos ate him though, so he isn't around anymore."  Ella walked very fast for a little person.  "Come on, Seth, or we'll be too late!"

Chapter Eleven

April

Ebony stood in front of me with her grey eyes fixed on me as if she was a living sculpture.   I felt the sweat trickle down my back as my eyes transfixed with hers.  They were like entering a grey, depthless sky of winter.  Cold and calm with tiny sparks of ice that pricked at my skin.  I was slowly being drawn into Ebony-she was forcing me to do a Taking.  I tried to resist as she pushed her way in like a large foot being crammed into a shoe that was way too small.  
"Stop!" Malachi's voice broke through.  "You're killing her!"  
I felt something hit the side of my body hard like a car had smacked into me.  I gasped for air as I pushed myself up to see Malachi standing in front of me with Ebony glaring at him.
"You are an ignorant little monster that doesn't understand the way things are.  You like April, and will protect her, but you can't protect her from everything."  Ebony's voice was calm as she stood gazing at Malachi with her head tilted to the side.  "How are you going to fend off the demons, angels, and other countless beings that would love to have a slice of her and watch for them every hour, minute and second of time?"  She began to pace the floor as Malachi stood over me with knees bent, and arms in front of him ready to fight.
Ebony's footsteps clicked on the floor as her grey skin sparkled with flecks of gold.  
"The answer to my question is one that I know you know without it even being brought up-you can't."  She stopped and stood with her arms at her side and eyes fixed on Malachi.  "She doesn't need your protection, Malachi Stelhollow." Her lips curled into a smile.  "You will die, she will die, and countless other will die," she said with a slight raise of her voice.  "Malachi, I know she has two other's energies in her, and I can't destroy Eos by myself and April can't destroy Eos by herself."  Her voice was filled with compassionate understanding.  "But we can as one."
"You're a demon-you trick whoever you want into doing whatever you want!"  Like lightning, Malachi snatched a silver disk from his belt and threw in towards Ebony. 
It hissed through the air towards Ebony who raised her hands expelling a ball of light that shattered the disk into fragments that fell to the floor like marbles.
Ebony knelt to the ground with her arm outstretched towards the pieces of shattered disk, and twisted and turned her hand as if tuning an invisible knob. Slowly, the fragments rolled towards her and one by one, joined and melted until the disk was whole again.
Ebony picked it up as Malachi took a step back.  She held it between her pinched fingers and slowly stood up.
"I could kill you if I wanted, you know that, but I don't wish to kill you.  Killing is reserved for other purposes and as a last resort.  I want things different for demons and monsters and even angels.  There is no need to fight and pull each other's hair all the time.  I've been around for a long time, and from the shadows, I've witnessed many things."  Her words were soft and she slightly smiled at Malachi as she dropped the disk to the floor.
It made a clanking sound that reverberated through the air, and then skidded towards Malachi, stopping at his feet.
"I don't trick monsters or anyone.  I desire trust and respect and I intend to give respect and trust to those who wish to join me."  
Malachi looked down at the disk as Ebony followed his gaze.
"I don't trust demons-any of them," he replied sternly.
She nodded her head.  "I understand, but if I wasn't true to my word, and didn't present my intentions clearly, I wouldn't take the time to tell you them. I'd kill you rather than explain myself."
Malachi snatched the disk and held it in his hand.  Ebony's eyes flickered to me for just a moment.
"You have a sister that lived with you in the Borderlands of Iethia," Ebony tilted her chin upward as her grey eyes glistened in the dim light of the orillions.
"Had a sister-demons destroyed the Borderlands-you know that."  He twirled the disk between his fingers as if he was contemplating about throwing it again. 
"No, you have a sister, and she's with Seth as we speak," Ebony smiled.  "I'm telling you this because I want to see them make it here, but they won't. Eos will stop them and kill her along with Seth, Nessa and the archangel, Edan.  Even with the abilities of an archangel, Seth is not strong enough, and neither is Edan."
Listen to the demon. Her words are not tainted, but ring with purity.  
Ezra spoke to me, but I think Ebony could sense it as her eyes flicked to me then back to Malachi.
I stood up and walked towards Malachi. 
"Listen to her Malachi," I said, looking up at him as he looked at me with horrified confusion.  "Remember when I told you that I could see two Stelhollow hearts beating instead of one.  Myra is alive."  
"Your eyes?Ezra," he said, switching between Ebony and me.  "Back off demon!"  
Malachi threw the disk as Ebony twisted out of the way like a quickly moving storm cloud.  Mist surrounded her, and slowly dissolved as she crouched to the floor.
"Malachi!"  She yelled but was too late as a light exploded beside him hurling him through the air and smacking into the wall.  He slumped to the floor as shattered orillions covered him.  I pressed my hands to my ringing ears and tried to focus on everything as I stood up trying to reach Malachi. 
"Sister," Eos said, standing and gazing at Ebony.  "What is this we are doing?  A little venture of our own?" she asked.
Do it now! Take the demon-take her energy!
Ezra demanded.
"Malachi," I said falling to my knees as my wobbly legs gave out.  
Malachi will live only if you take Ebony's energy! 
I didn't listen to Ezra's voice and continued to crawl towards his lifeless body. I had to make sure he was alright and fighting off the effects from the blast, I focused solely on him. 
April!
Ezra's voice echoed in my head, and suddenly, my limbs were not my own.  I stood up and turned towards the two demon-sisters.  Ebony and Eos both looked at me.
"They both escaped your little cage, and I caught them."  Ebony gazed at me with her steady grey eyes.
"Really?"  Eos laughed.  "I don't believe you, and don't have time to discuss this."  Eos snatched my wrist, but quickly let go as her parchment-like skin singed from her barely touching me.
A look of awe filled her eyes as her mouth curled into a growl.
"What have you done to her?"  Eos demanded from her sister.
"I've done nothing."   Ebony replied glancing between me and Eos.  "The monster has more power in her than you realize, and she isn't going down without a battle."
Ebony raised her arms releasing two balls of light towards her sister.  Eos was thrown backwards through the air landing with a thud to the ground.  
As old and fragile as Eos looked, she was as strong as iron.  She bounced up and glared at her sister.  Ebony's hands and feet swirled with a fine grey mist that curled around her arms and legs.  She stared at Eos, waiting for her sister to make a move.  But Eos didn't move, and simply stood gazing at Ebony. 
"Have you forgotten what it was like in the shadows?"  Eos asked rhetorically.  "Has the light blinded you to what the angels have done to us?"
"Nothing has blinded me, sister, but it is you who have been blinded for many years.  You couldn't see past the hate and evil you held in your heart.  Demons have been deemed to have nothing but these qualities; I intend to prove them different."
Eos let out a laugh.  "You have been blinded, and I feel no pity to destroy you, my sister."  She released two balls of light towards Ebony, who in her quick movements, twisted with a swirl of grey mist out of the way.
The two balls of light exploded on the ceiling as they skidded up the wall, bouncing as they did.  Sparks cascaded down on us as I tried to reach Malachi.  But Ezra wouldn't let me.  Instead, I moved closer to Ebony.  She looked at me with her grey eyes and reached out her hand.
Eos let out a grunt as another ball of light exploded from her hand.  It hissed through the air like a bottle rocket, and hit Ebony on her arm.  She was tossed through the air and skidded across the floor with a trail of mist in her path.
"Where are your angels and demon friends-the ones you wish to make alliances with, huh sister?  Where?!"  She barked at Ebony as Eos charged towards me and grabbed me by the hair.  
"Let her go!"  A demanding voice echoed through the room.  Eos let go of my hair. "I said let her go, demon."
Seth stood just under the arched passageway.  It framed him like he was standing in a painting. He looked like a warrior with tense muscles, glaring eyes, and hand clenched around his weapon- the lightstone that glowed illuminating the flesh of his hand with curling tendrils of light. He looked like a masterpiece-a portrait of a bygone hero to me with his blonde hair sticking to his forehead with sweat, the way he set his jaw and his eyes so powerful?
Ezra.
She was close to me, and no longer sitting on the shelf inside of me.  She loved Seth, no doubt, and her feelings were blending with mine.  I had to push her emotions down and internally, I felt a quick apology from her.
Take Ebony's energy?you are the final piece to win this battle.
I looked at her and she flicked her eyes at me as if she had heard Ezra's words as well.  
"The mutant monster," Eos said, gleefully.  "My, my, my you are a specimen?one-of-a-kind."  She gazed at Seth and then turned her attention to the lightstone.  "And bearing gifts-nice," she flicked a ball of light at him with one outstretched hand and a ball of light towards Ebony with the other.
"Seth!"  I yelled, but it was Ezra forcing his name out of me.
Seth held up the stone and before it could hit him, a slender blade cut in front of him blocking the ball of light that exploded into a blast of sparks.  Ebony twirled out of the way in one quick motion with a fluid cape of grey rolling off her body.  Both escaped the blow from Eos.
Once the sparks faded, I could see Edan standing beside Seth with a broad blade held protectively in front of Seth shielding him from Eos.  They both looked like two warriors caught in moment of battle on canvas.
"Ah, another archangel, or what I like to call an appetizer."  Eos chuckled as she expelled a slender thread from her hand that wrapped around Edan's blade rendering it to dust that sifted through his hands like sand.
Edan quickly rolled to the floor as more of the black threads came out of Eos's hand towards him.  She laughed as Seth kept the curling tentacles away by touching the ends with the lightstone.  They spewed out tiny sparks that didn't seem to hurt Eos's as she laughed like someone was tickling her. 
"You have to take my energy and Eos's energy at one time."  Ebony swooped beside me and took me by the wrist.  
"She'll kill us before we can."
Ebony shook her head.  "She won't kill you, but she will kill me."
Ebony pushed me in front of her and pressed as close to me as possible as she held my arms up and laced her fingers through mine.  Just like the cool color of her skin, so was her body.  I felt like I was pressed against a stone sculpture.
"They can't fight her much longer-take our energy now!"
My feet left the floor like a giant bird had latched onto me and lifted me into the air in one quick motion.  I didn't have time to think and I could hear Ezra's voice inside of me, calming me and telling me to take the demon's energy. 
We levitated into the air and hovered behind Eos just as Seth let a blast of light from the lightstone.  Knocked off her feet, Eos never seen her demise coming.
I was ready to take her energy as I closed my eyes and let the sparks fly around me.  Everything was in a mixture of colors.  Greys, silver, white?I controlled it all.  The demon's energy was just that-energy?life?magic that ran through me. 
I felt myself floating on a river of light that was mine.  Everything was serene as I thought I heard the distant sound of voices calling, but I didn't listen-I didn't want to-didn't have to.  I was in my own world of starry skies that melted with colors, and for the first time, I felt strong and alive with unlimited strength and time.  
The voices called again, but I pushed them away.  I didn't want to go back to where I was?wherever that was, I couldn't remember, and didn't care to. 
"April," said a voice that rippled the golden light that surrounded me.
"No," I said to it.
Suddenly two hands twirled me around and made me stare into their grey eyes.  "You can't stay here.  The power is yours, but you cannot stay locked in it forever."
I looked at the woman with grey skin, grey eyes, and hair piled high on her head with golden ribbons curling through her grey strands.  She looked like a marbled statue.  
"Ebony?"
She nodded her head.  "Go back to the realm of the living.  You are needed there?Malachi needs you, April," Ebony's image faded into that of a girl with long, dark hair and eyes to match.
"Ezra?"
She smiled as a ghost-like image of Ebony formed behind Ezra and both smiled at me.
"We are with you?always guiding?protecting?" I could hear the mingling of both of their voices just as a faint image of Eos curled up behind them.
Ebony turned and with her hand, pushed her sister away as the swirling grey mist engulfed her.

Seth

"You should have never done what you did," Uncle Hes paced in front of me as I sat on a bench surrounded by tall shrubs.  The sky overhead was rumbling with storm clouds and looked as angry as Uncle Hes.  "You not only risked everything, and I mean everything," he waved his hands through the air.  "I mean countless worlds, races, realms?and I don't know what I would do if something would have happened to you."  He looked away and continued to pace like a guard dog.
"Yeah, but we didn't lose everything.  And the realms are none the wiser of what happened."  I stood up and placed my hand on Uncle Hes's shoulder.  "What has happened has happened." 
He looked up at me with a look of uneasiness.  "You are young, and very lucky to have things come out this way.  I'll give you that.  But," he raised his finger in a way a person does to make a point. "There will come a time and place that things will not work out in your favor.  You've never experienced that, and I hope you never do.  But you mustn't get too comfortable with happy endings, because sometimes you never reach the happiness in the end of things."
Uncle Hes tapped me on the shoulder as drops of rain began to fall from the sky.
"It's going to rain.  Imagine us being here just in time of Shangri-La's rainy season."  He laughed as the rain came down harder.

"The demon must be destroyed."  Rusul stated as he looked at April.  "She is a threat as long as she is out of the shadows.  You must understand this, April."
"Even though Eveie has been nothing but cooperative since we left the Shadowlands, doesn't make her trustworthy."  Yolanda sat next to Rusul and both looked at April across the table.
"But she isn't like them, I know," April said, standing up with her fingers resting on the wood table.
We were in one of the smaller council rooms.  Everyone, except Malachi and Nessa were there sitting at the long, rectangular table as the rain pounded outside and against the slender glass windows.  Only one side of the room had windows that overlooked the Sapphire Sea that was now a duller shade of blue. The rest of the walls were covered in shelves with books that held many law and regulation books of current and past civilizations of this and many realms.  Shangri-La was really a common ground or meeting place for all problems or issues to be solved.  Unfortunately, our demon dilemma wasn't going very well.
"I have not only Ezra's energies; I have Ebony's and Eos's as well.  I feel that this is my destiny, and we can learn a lot from the demons.  Ebony wanted to work with the angels, and still does.  It was Eos that wanted the demons to take over the realms."  I looked at April.  She was still the same in appearance, but I could see and hear Ezra speaking through her.  "She was the one that was bitter.  Eos threatened that monster into giving her a portion of that serum."  Suddenly, April's hand began to shift with grey tones.  It was Ebony surfacing.  "But the serum didn't work on humans because," she looked at everyone with grey eyes.  "Because Ebony made it that way-she sabotaged the potion, tried to get her sister to reason another way, but Eos was never the diplomatic type.  She preferred battle.  She consumed the serum as a last resort and forced her sisters as well. But what Ebony thought to be terrible, was her chance to make truces with the angels.  Eveie is innocent, and above all, she wanted to be a mother.  Her intentions were never evil-she's a victim of her sister's doings. "
"Eveie is a demon, and a demon must be destroyed.  April has not only another monster's energy, but two demons as well."  Isaiah gazed steadily at April.  "I don't even know how it came to this being an issue.  Anything demon or demon related is governed under archangel laws-simple as that."  He pounded his fist on the table.  "Now, I'm taking action, and calling this to an end.  The demon will be transported to Avalon where the Faes have a facility to handle this delicate situation.  April will stay here protected by the laws of Shangri-La until we decide what needs to be done with her."
"I think we are acting too quickly here," Ayil, in all of her whiteness, said gazing at each of us.  "This demon, we can learn from.  I think as long as we keep her contained, she will not resist.  And I know she wasn't the mastermind of trying to create a serum to strengthen demons.  Her mind is too simple and was manipulated by Eos."  She stood up and looked at Isaiah.  "She wanted to just be a mother."
"Demons have shown honesty and allegiance in the past, especially in the angel-demon wars.  We shouldn't judge the acts of one demon and consider all demons are that way."  Uncle Hes gave Isaiah a steady look with his dark eyes.
Isaiah let out a long, tiresome sigh. 
"It's true," said Ella.  
Everyone turned towards the dark-haired girl.
"How did this child get in here?"  Isaiah asked with livid eyes.  "What sort of establishment do you run here where a little girl can just wander in on an important meeting that shouldn't be even happening?"  Isaiah shook his head at Rusul and Yolanda before sitting back down and resting his head in his hands.  He let out another sigh in defeat.
"Eveie isn't a mean demon.  She saved me when my village was attacked by demons, by Eos.  If it wasn't for her protecting me, Eos would have killed me a long time ago.  If you want to understand demons, and what their true intentions are, you shouldn't condemn them all."  Ella stood with her black hair cascading down her shoulders.
I knew she was Malachi's sister, but Malachi hasn't woken up from his injuries yet.  Uncle Hes reassured me he'd be fine, but I couldn't help but worry, and only left his side when Uncle Hes asked me to.  
Yolanda stood and rested her hand on Rusul's shoulder.  "We are all tired and need to rest to make better judgements concerning this matter.  We, as host of Shangri-La, will conclude this meeting for now.  We will assemble tomorrow and make a decision at that time."
"We will not wait until tomorrow!"  Isaiah pounded his fist on the table as Yolanda glared at him.
"You archangel, are a lot more threatening than that demon we have safely contained.  And by the laws that override your laws here, we can have you thrown in a cell as well."
Isaiah glared at her as Edan leaned over and said something to his father.  Isaiah put his hand up to stop him as his eyes were fixed on Yolanda.
"Earth angels are in no position to threaten me.  I will contact my superior about this and resolve this thing by force if I have to.  Demons can't be trusted no matter what form they are in."  His eyes shifted to April.  She stiffened upon his glance.
"There will be no contacting your superiors because of the rainy season.  It's impossible to even use the portals until the weather is a little more agreeable."  Yolanda kept her eyes on Isaiah.
"Please, everyone," Rusul said standing up.  "We shouldn't be threatening anyone and fighting among ourselves.  That tactic has always been proven fatal.  What we must do is wait for the weather to clear, which will be in a couple of days, and keep the demon secure and allow others to heal," he motioned towards April.  "And talk among ourselves, not threaten with laws and argue.  We are no better than the way of demons by doing so."  
 
I went back to Malachi's room that had blue tinted windows and three puffy beds sitting in row.  Nessa was sitting in the bed across from him with Adan beside her.
"Seth," she jumped off the bed, wincing a little from her twisted ankle. 
"Sit, Nessa." Edan who was sitting beside her, guided her back down.  "It will never heal if you don't stop getting up and standing on it every time someone comes in."
Since I left Edan and Nessa at the portal that led to the Shadowlands, they have turned into almost a couple.  I wasn't sure how that happened, especially since I left Nessa with a dagger to use if Edan became troublesome.  I certainly didn't expect her to use it, but I certainly didn't expect to see them slightly doting on one another.  I wanted to ask Nessa how she and Edan became companions, but I would worry about that later.
I looked at Malachi who seemed to have paled sine I left him for the meeting with the angels to decide what to do with the demon which proved to be useless.  He looked worse, and I should have been here.
"What's-what's happening?  Malachi looks worse than when I left.  I thought Uncle Hes had given him something to make him heal." I asked getting two grim looks.
Edan cleared his throat.  "I think your uncle failed to diagnose Malachi correctly."  He looked at me with his sympathetic eyes.  "I've seen it before when angels patrolling the borders of the Lands of Shadow-where the demons exist."  He let his eyes fall on Malachi.  "He's been stung by a demon thorn, and it's slowly poisoning him.  I found it behind his ear, a popular place that demons like to strike."
"Demon thorn?"  I've never heard of anything like it.
Edan turned Malachi's head revealing the small black dot behind his ear that had faint veins of black vining out from it.  
"Demons usually don't strike since they can hardly materialize outside the shadows.  And since archangels patrol their borders, a few have been strung from time to time, but," Edan lifted his eyes to me.  "The demon thorns we usually deal with are not as potent.  Eos had almost full power making the venom much stronger." 
"What do we do for him then?"  I asked feeling bile rise in my throat.  The thought of losing Malachi to poison?
"I've done what I could at slowing it, but only a demon's venom can counteract the poison in him."  Edan sat back as Nessa reached for his hand. 
I looked at Malachi and then back at Edan.  "We have a demon.  Now we just have to get her out, and have her help us."
Edan shook his head.  "Good luck with that.  Eveie is not only a demon, but she's a little unbalanced in the head, if you know what I mean."
"She wanted children, and we'll use that reason to get her to help us."
"You'll never get past my father or the earth angels guarding her," Edan said in a matter-of-fact-tone.
It would be dangerous and if the demon got loose without helping us, a lot more would be destroyed than just Malachi dying.


April

I wanted to see Malachi, but wasn't allowed to.  I paced the floor of my gazebo-like bedroom as the rain tapped on the glass overhead.  I felt I had to do something because all of this waiting and being told what to do was irritating.
I walked over to the door and placed my hand on the silver knob.  The door was made of wood with seashells embedded into it and painted white.  It was a beautiful door, I thought to myself as I contemplated opening it.  
I closed my eyes and pictured Malachi in my head.  I've never had much boy-girl relationships before, and now I've experienced two.  Ben was nothing but spell induced, and Malachi was woven into my destiny, but was someone who was woven into your destiny supposed to give you butterflies and goose bumps in their presence?  I had to know if Malachi was alright.  
I pushed the door open to find Hesediel, Seth's uncle, standing in front of me.  He was a broad-shoulder man with dark eyes and greying brown hair.  He was a weathered looking man, the kind that appeared bitter, but then he smiled at me.  Wrinkles formed around his eyes as he gazed at me.
"May I come in, April?" he asked as I stepped aside and closed the door with a cold look of the pale guard standing outside my door.  His eyes were neon blue, and his white skin was covered with swirling marks.  In his hand was a silver staff with a very pointed end.  I shut the door as Hesediel stood with clasped hands in the middle of the room.  Rain pattered on the ceiling and shadows flickered throughout the room.
"May I turn on an orillion?"  He pointed to the globe that sat on a small table between two chairs.  He brushed his hand across the bottom as it slowly began to glow.
Warm light began to fill the room as he turned on more orillions.
"I haven't talked to you very much, and thought I would come by to engage in conversation with you."  He sat down and motioned for me to sit as well.  "That is, if you weren't going anywhere, but I don't think you'd get past the guards."  He glanced towards the door.
"No, I wouldn't, and," I shifted my eyes from him to the door.  "I wanted to know if Malachi was alright." 
"He is fine-tended to him myself, and he will make a full recovery."  He leaned forward resting his elbows to his knees that were covered in thick robes of dark green.  "I know you had no idea any of this existed just a few weeks ago, but it is something that was planned a long time ago by your mother."
I felt like the air had been knocked out of my lungs and I questioned even my hearing.
"You said my mother, not Eveie who wants to be my mother?"
"No, the one that took you to the market in Nethopania to have your hexmark uncovered, and the one that nearly died after giving you away."
My knees began to shake as I stood hanging onto the chair and digging my fingers into the plush cushioned back.
"You?you knew her?"  I breathed.
Hesediel looked at me with concern.  "April, do sit before you fall down.  I know a lot has happened to you, and I hate to bring everything down on you, but time is not on our side."
He got up and walked towards me.
"Please sit and I'll tell you what should have been told to you a long time ago."
Hesediel took my hand and in the soft light of the orillions with the rain pouring down outside beating like drums on the ceiling, he began to tell me something that I craved no matter how much I tried to bury it-he told me about my mother.
Her name was Aleena Snowbird, and she was twenty when she had me.  Her family lived in the northern part of Iethia called the Crosslands, but they disowned her when she met a monster from the Borderlands.  She was young and naïve, and quickly found out that her monster lover was no monster, but a demon disguised as one.  Aleena had been used and fled to Duneloc where she went to the guardians for help. Hesediel became her counselor.  
"I was with the guardians, and serving my time in the office section before I could work out in the field where I wanted to be.  I thought your mother was just another stupid girl from the Crosslands who spread her legs to the first monster who promised a way out of there, but she wasn't.  She told me about the demon that had tricked her and the child she carried was a mixture of monster and demon with rights placed on her unborn child.  Even in our world, the idea of a demon even making it out of the shadows was farfetched. But Aleena was very convincing and accurate with the activity near the Crosslands at that time.  I believed her and secretly housed her.  Ayil helped deliver you when the time came, and then your mother disappeared along with you." 
I felt a mixture of emotions swirl inside of me as I looked down at the floor and the flickering shadows.  "But Eveie bit me-turned me into a monster that way."
"She bit you, but she didn't turn you into a monster, you were already one, and one that was to be used for a purpose.  You were the one to free the demons from the shadows and destroy all the angels, monsters or anyone that got in the way.  That was the demon's plan with you.  You were to be their legs and arms in the worlds of light for them.  They wanted you to be their key to unlock the door that has been shut on them for too long.  And then, unexpectedly, an ignorant monster got the idea of making a serum to strengthen the race of monsters.  When I heard that demons consumed it, I thought all was lost."  Hesediel leaned closer with his dark, unblinking eyes focused on me.  "Seth has proven he is strong with archangel abilities, but you are the key to our plan, and a place for monsters in this world."
"But I don't know anything about this world and just learned that the darkness that has followed me was Eveie and that different realms exist.  How could I be the key to your plan?"
"It isn't your knowledge, but the power inside of you.  You have the power of two demons, an unfortunate human, and a monster in you."  He got up and poured two glasses of water.  "Here, you look thirsty."  He handed me one with a smile, and I took a small sip as he watched me with eager eyes.
"You bear the royal hexmark, and I believe that your father was no ordinary demon, but that of royalty and power."
I stood up and walked over to the window.  Darkness was taking over the wet landscape and rain gently came down pitter-pattering on the ceiling.  I closed my eyes wishing Ezra or even Ebony would speak to me, but their thoughts were silent.  
"So, what are you going to do with me?"  I asked as Hesediel stood and joined me by the window.
"For starters, I need you to kill Isaiah," he said as I looked at his stone-like expression staring into the blackened distance that was being reflected in the widow in front of me.

Chapter Twelve

Seth

I couldn't find Uncle Hes anywhere, and it appeared everyone in Shangri-La had gone to their rooms to hide from the rain and storms that passed through one after another.  Edan took Nessa to get something to eat and made her rest in her own room.  I knew she cared as much for Malachi as me.  I stayed in his room just long enough to come up with a plan to get Eveie out of her cell.  I had archangel abilities, but I didn't know what I was capable of or what extent they went to.  
I brought Ezra out of the Shadowlands, and controlled the lightstone, but how was I to break a demon out of a heavily guarded cell, make her come with me, and have her cure Malachi all without anyone noticing?  I couldn't, but I could enter the cell and speak to her before I did let her out.  The only problem was trying to escape if things didn't go well.  But Eveie had a motherly edge to her, and unlike Eos, she could possibly be reasoned with.  It was a risk I had to take, and one that I had to do alone.  I couldn't risk anyone's life, not even Edan's.
I hovered behind a pillar and could see two guards by the lightcell that contained Eveie.  The only weapon I could use was my ability to compel, but could it work on two extensively trained earth angels that have been around for a long time and are immune to many spells?  I had to try.  I had no choice.
I walked out into the room looking up at the ligthcell that went from ceiling to floor.  Their pale eyes shifted to me.
"You're not supposed to be here, move on," one said in a stern voice.
"Oh, I know, but I've always wanted to be a guard in Shangri-La since I was little, and now I'm here.  I won't get another chance, so I thought I'd jump at the opportunity now."
"Go talk to Rusul, he's in charge of us.  Now, leave this room," the other one said in the same stern voice.
I stepped closer pushing my invisible force to them.  Usually I go a bit slower, but I had to be quick with these two ancient guards that have the experiences of the ages with them.
"I'm sorry I can't, because I need to get in the lightcell," I said with their eyes on me.
"Move on," one of them repeated with a motioning of their spear.  
I pushed farther into them almost like I was casting an invisible lasso, and tightening it in one quick motion.  I've never used so much energy before, and could feel it quickly draining me.
"You don't understand," I said, stepping closer to them.  "Let me in the lightcell."  I didn't even blink my eyes to break the connection I had with them, but that connection wasn't convincing them.  They've been guards for a long time and resistant to compelling, but I knew I had them, at least a little.  
I pushed harder, and as I did, I realized they were guards that listened to only one person.  "Rusul commanded me to take the demon-these are his orders."
They stared at me like two statues, and then parted lowering their heads as a sign of listening to an order.  Inwardly, I smiled as I stepped up to the portal and with my lightstone in hand; I sliced the lightcell wall and went in.
Inside was bright and I quickly sealed the wall in one motioned.  I clenched the stone in my hand and turned expecting an angered demon bearing down on me that I had to reason with, but instead, Eveie was curled up in a ball with her head tucked into her knees.  Her shoulders bobbed up and down and I could hear her whimper.
"Please just kill me, Isaiah.  My sisters are gone and I've lost my little girls."  Slowly, she lifted her head up with her red hair stuck to her scaled cheeks.  Her eyes widened as I took a step back.  "You're not Isaiah," she said, gazing up at me.
Isaiah had spoken to her when I thought she was in confinement, and no one was supposed to be entering the lightcell.  Obviously, there was more going on here than just containing a demon.  I couldn't question her, and had to keep it simple and on track.  I still didn't know the temperament of Eveie yet.
"No, but I've come to get you out."  Never thought I'd be saying that to a demon.  "One of your children is ill, and will die without your help."
"Ella?April?"  I could hear the concerned voice of a mother coming from her.
Just as a precaution, I extended my compelling to her.  Never compelled a demon before either, and wasn't sure if it would even work.
"No, another one, the boy you let live-your son, Malachi."  I tried to push into her thoughts and paly on her desire to be a mother.
"My son?"  She pulled away from my gaze-compulsion wasn't working on her.  "Eos is gone and so is Ebony.  I'm my own demon now?free," Eveie said, lifting her blue eyes to me.  I wasn't sure where this was going.  "Your compelling won't work on me."  She smiled with a tilt of her head as I rolled the lightstone in my hand.  "You don't need to compel me to help one of my children.  All you had to do was ask-I love my children."  She stood up and stepped closer to me.  "And you are brave to come in here and ask me and you must love him too, because you risked coming in here with a dangerous demon."  Eveie didn't look dangerous, not like Eos, but looks can be deceiving. 
"Are you dangerous?"  I asked with a smile from Eveie as I squeezed the lightstone summoning its power.
She glanced down at the stone that illuminated my hand. "Only to those who wish to hurt my children," she replied to my relief.
"Very well then, I will release you on your promise that you will listen to me as no one knows I am doing this."  I looked at Eveie.  She was truly a magnificent demon-all light and sparkle like untouched snow.
"I promise, Seth Fairstone, holder of the angel light.  I am free of my sisters and free of my burden of oath to them.  I wish to have my children with me and safe."
I nodded my head, but not sure about how the with me was going to work out, but Evevie was the only one who could save Malachi.
We exited the lightcell and sealed it as I told the guards they've done a good job and Rusul would be proud. They may have been guards for a long time, but I knew through compelling them that they still yearned for praise from their leader.  I left them with gloating smiles. 
Eveie, I felt, was a different demon with her sisters gone.  She truly wanted to be a mother and live quietly with no desire to take over the realms and destroy others.  Why she was different, I didn't know, but I could sense it and trusted her enough to let her trail behind me as we quickly passed through the hallways to Malachi's room.
I checked to see if Nessa or Edan were in there, and found the room empty.  A single orillion was left dimly glowing on the table next to Malachi.  I motioned for Eveie to come in.  
She glided up to his bedside and gazed down at him with her blue eyes surrounded in shimmering scales.  Eveie was all white and silver with red hair that made her appearance look out of place.  She was pale as if made from a mixture snow and ice splattered with dots of blood.  Her appearance was striking as she warmly looked at Malachi.
"He's dying, and dying fast.  It's one of Eos's thorns," she said with a silver tear forming in the corner of her eye.
"Can you save him?"  I asked.
She glanced up at me.  "I can, but not by myself.  The poison has gone too far for mine to counteract it.  I need my first daughter-I need April Snow."

April

"Why do you want me to kill Isaiah?"  I asked turning towards Hesediel.  
"He's an archangel that shares one viewpoint with demons-he wants monsters exterminated more so than any archangel.  Isaiah is a very influential angel among the archangel leaders, and could sway the council in any direction he wants.  He's planned this for years and I'm simply beating him to the one thing that will change things in our favor."  He turned me to face him, and gently placed his hands on my shoulders.  "April, you have many abilities that you don't even know you have.  This world has been shrouded from you your entire life, but yet it always beckoned for you to find it one day.  And even  though you know very little about who you are yet, you have the ability to change things, make our world better, and put an end to the struggles when have endured for years."
I looked at Hesediel.  He was sincere with his words at least, that's what I sensed anyhow.  But he wasn't any different than Ebony, and to kill someone I didn't know, even though they didn't seem like they wanted me to live, I couldn't kill them just because Hesediel wanted me to.  At the same time, I was in no way to go against him.
"I wouldn't ask this of you if it wasn't for the greater good, and you won't be blamed."
I studied him for a moment letting the silence give me time to think on how to get out of this.  I knew I had no choice, at least not right now.  I didn't want to kill Isaiah, but I had to let Hesediel think I did.
"I don't know how to kill, I just know how to do a Taking," I said as he took my arm and pushed back the sleeve to reveal my hexmark.
"By this, April," his eyes flickered at me like a mad scientist finally having his creation come to life.  "This is a rare royal hexmark-ones that are nothing but fabled in the monster world.  He brushed his fingers across it and then covered it back up lifting his eyes to mine.  "You do the reversal of a Taking.  You give him some of your energy.  The force will be too much, and kill him as if he died of natural causes.  Archangels may live a long time, but they are subject to death as much as monsters or humans.  Only in the form of light are they immortal."  Hesediel gazed down at me as if waiting for me to agree.  "Archangels, April, are the reason monsters live in the world we live in, and are governed by their laws.  Monsters have no say in how their lives should be lived, and because of that, nothing can move forward."  His eyes filled with a desperate sorrow.  "Do you understand what I'm saying?"  He gently asked.
Yes, I understood, but I still didn't want to be the one to kill Isaiah, and how that would change the outcome of things, I wasn't sure.  But I knew I couldn't say no to Hesediel, he, I think, would make me do it somehow.  I had to agree so I could get out of it easier.  That I learned at Sunrise Acres-go along with authority then run away when you get the chance.   
I kept my eyes locked with is as I nodded my head in agreement.

I couldn't sleep, but how could anyone that was supposed to murder someone, but not just anyone-a high-ranking archangel.  Hesediel reassured me that no one would suspect anything, but I wasn't so sure.  Do archangels just drop dead from time to time like humans?  I had to run away from this soon and very quickly, but the only problem, I was in Shangri-La.  Other than the building I was in, I had no idea what the rest it was like.  
I sat on my bed and closed my eyes reaching for Ezra or Ebony.  I knew they were there, but I felt a plate of glass had been put between us.  I pushed at it, but it wouldn't give.  They were trying to reach me; I knew this because just like someone beating on thick glass, I heard a thumping in my head.  
I pushed more, and they thumped more until it shattered like an explosion in my head.  I let out a gasp as I felt blood rush to my head.  Pressing my hands to each side of my head, I slowly opened my eyes to see perfectly circular drops of blood staining the marble floor.
Hesediel blocked us from you with a potion.  I heard Ebony's voice inside me.   
"Help me," I said aloud, just as the door opened.
I stood up expecting it to be Hesediel.
"April," 
It was Seth looking down at me with concern followed by Eveie peeking over his shoulder.
I jumped up.  "Seth!"  I pointed behind him.  "Eveie-behind you!"
He came to me, and placed his hands on my shoulders.  "Shh, it's alright," he said, in a low voice as he looked me in the eyes.  "She's with us, and she's going to help Malachi."
I shifted my eyes to Eveie who slid up behind Seth like fog. 
"Malachi," I whispered his name.  "How?"  I kept switching my eyes between them.  "Is he alright?"  
By the grim look on his face, he wasn't.  I felt my insides collapse like a sinkhole that swallowed anything close to it down into its depths.
"Listen to me, April."  Seth stated calmly.  "Malachi has been stung with a demon thorn and you and Eveie are the only ones who can save him.  But we need to hurry."
"You bleed," Eveie said, bending down and touching the drops of blood that speckled the floor.  She rubbed it between her fingers with a disgusted look.  "Who made you bleed?"
I shifted my eyes back to Seth.
"Hesediel," I whispered his name with a confused look from Seth.  "He-he wants me to kill Isaiah and gave me a potion so that I can't communicate with Ezra or Ebony who are trying to help me.  I think he wants to get rid of them as well."
Seth stepped away from me and paced the floor rubbing his chin as Eveie stepped closer to me.
She smiled and fingered a lock of my hair through her hands.  "You are my first daughter that I fell in love with, and I want to help you save the one who you are just beginning to love."
"We need to go," Seth said, tugging on my arm and gazing at Eveie.
"Wait," Eveie said as the light made her scales sparkle.  "We can't risk being seen."  She cupped her hand and blew into it as a fog curled around us and then faded.
"What was that?"  Seth demanded.
Eveie smiled.  "You've brought me this far, monster, I'm not going against my word.  That was what I call quiet-and-invisible-dust.  It will keep any wandering or curious eyes away from us."
Seth tightened his mouth and then looked at me as he grabbed my hand.  "Let's go."
Eveie nodded as Seth guided me out of my room and into the hallway.  I walked numbly down and around a maze of turns until we reached Malachi's room.  I hadn't been able to see him since we came here.  I felt as delicate as the buildings here in Shangri-La-all glass held up by thin frames.  As hard as the wind and rain smacked against the structures, they should've fallen in on themselves, but they didn't.  They were stronger than they appeared, but I wasn't sure I was as strong as they were.
Eveie glided over to Malachi and knelt beside him as she gently brushed the hair from his forehead.
He looked pale and lifeless.  I held my breath as I looked at boy I barely knew, but felt I had a connection to that couldn't be explained.
"Come here, April."  Eveie didn't look at me as she gently turned his head revealing the circular, black area that reminded me of the rotten spots on a piece of overly-ripened fruit.  Her blue eyes lifted to me.  "Come child, he doesn't have much time."
I looked from her to Seth.
I walked over and stood next to Eveie. The closeness was excruciatingly uncomfortable at the same time, it was something that I felt deep inside of me was meant to be.  
"Place your hand over mine, and we are going to pull the poison out slowly," she said, sliding her blue eyes to me.  I nodded and she smiled.  "The poison will go from me to you, but you won't be harmed. It is being filtered through me, but the energy has to go somewhere, and that's where you come in."
"You've done this before?"  I asked looking at Malachi.  "I mean, he looks?"
"He's still with us, but he won't if we don't do this."
I placed my hand over Eveie's.  I expected it to be cold, slimy or disgusting in some way, but it wasn't.  Instead, it was warm, soft and?comforting.  I glanced at Seth as he looked anxiously from Malachi to me.  I started to say something and it was quickly forgotten as I was nearly knocked off my feet by the rush of power that jolted into me.
I felt I was on a roller coaster ride that spun, twisted and turned into frightening turns that I wasn't sure if I was going to scream or puke all over Eveie who had wrapped her delicate arm around me.
"Don't scream-they'll hear," Eveie said in my ear.
After the initial rush, I felt my hand begin to burn as if I had placed it on a red-hot burner of a cooktop.  I wanted to pull away, but Malachi depended on me.  I pressed harder as my body felt like it was melting and my vision began to blur.  By now, my hand, arm and part of my shoulder had gone numb, and just before I felt myself slipping into darkness, Eveie pulled away.
I let my body slump as Seth caught me in his arms.  I kept my eyes open and focused on Malachi.  His color had returned and he stirred a little.  I felt relief and smiled as my body fell deeper in exhaustion. 
"You did well, my daughter."  Eveie turned and looked at me over her shoulder, and then collapsed.
"Eveie," I said, pushing with what remaining strength I had from Seth to her.
Her eyes were closed, and her red hair had started to turn silver like frost forming on glass.
My sister-give me to her, April. 
It was Ebony's voice that I heard in my head.
"How?"  I asked as Seth tried to pull me away from her and Malachi, now fully awake, looked at us with confusion.
Give her my energy.
An overwhelming eagerness filled me as I felt my arms were not my own and I placed them of Eveie's scale-covered cheeks.  I gazed into her face realizing how beautiful she was-like an exotic animal.  She was now all silver and white as her red hair had changed into silver strands.  I felt a bubble form inside of me that desperately wanted to be released.  It was like all of my insides had turned to metal, and Eveie was the magnet that pulled me closer to her, but I couldn't give her all the power that I had.
Stay with me, April!  Pull back now! 
My body shook, voices yelled around me, and I felt my surroundings explode with light, fire, and voices until a giant curtain of blackness fell on me like an avalanche. 

Seth

I pulled April away from Eveie just as Uncle Hes, Ayil, and Rusul followed by Yolanda, busted through the door.  Uncle Hes yanked me to my feet as Yolanda and Ayil took April and Rusul carefully approached Eveie.  
Eveie stood with a smirk on her face as she gazed at Rusul.  She showed no fear or resistance as Rusul stood in front of her.  Her eyes scanned the room taking everything in as Uncle Hes yelled at me, but I didn't hear a word he said as my eyes shifted to Malachi.
"I saved the monster's life, my son, I saved his life along with April, my daughter."  Her blue eyes shifted to April lying on the floor with her head nestled in Yolanda's lap.
"Where's the stone?"  Uncle Hes hissed at me.
I heard him, but didn't reply as I tried to pull away from him towards Malachi.
"I freed her and she saved Malachi who had a demon thorn in him-he would have died," I said, shifting my eyes back towards Uncle Hes.
"You freed a demon to save just one monster!"  Uncle Hes's eyes burned with rage, disappointment, and an anger I've never seen before.  "You stupid boy!"  Like lightening, Uncle Hes tightened his fist and hit me on the side of the head.
I dropped to my knees from the surprise hit that I never thought he was capable of.  My head rang, vision blurred, and my cheek, numb at first, began to throb.  More in shock that injury, I bounced back up as Eveie's eyes flared with blue flames.
"You hit children, you make children do your deeds, and you," Eveie, with an open hand and eyes fixed on Uncle Hes, pushed Rusul out of the way as she advanced towards him.  Rusul was thrown backwards through the air shattering the window as he went through it. "You made my daughter bleed."
"Rusul!"  Yolanda cried as she went to the window and was thrown backwards as if someone had pushed her away.
The force of the storm outside whirled around the room bringing in rain and cold wind that flipped the remaining curtains that hung on the shattered window.  The door slammed shut, and began to glow with a white mist that surrounded it and then the window.  Eveie had us locked in with her.
"Give me your stone, boy!"  Frantically, Uncle Hes started to search my pockets and then slammed me up against the wall.  I held it tightly in my fist.  "Where is it?!"  He yelled through clenched teeth and wild eyes.
Eveie stood in front of Uncle Hes as Ayil and Yolanda came up behind her.  As if Eveie had eyes in the back of her head, she turned just as they approached her, and with an outstretched hand, released two quick balls of light that hit Ayil first, then Yolanda.  They were both tossed through the air as if they had strings attached to them and someone jerked the end of that string.  They hit the wall hard, Yolanda breaking a mirror, and Ayil smacking into a dresser.  The whole display done by Eveie with a smile on her face and eyes fixed on Uncle Hes.
"Eveie stop, please," I tried to say in a calm voice as Malachi attempted to stand, but fell to the floor and began to crawl towards April.  I held the stone in front of me and warned Eveie with my eyes.  She looked at it as if I was showing her just any rock, not one that could contain her.  Her eyes slid back to Uncle Hes.
The door began to pound with what sounded like hundreds of fists and through the outcries on the other side; I could hear Isaiah's voice.  
"You are not a good monster.  My daughter says you want her to kill an archangel that I have no qualms about-at least not yet."  The door flexed and Isaiah demanded over and over to open it.  "I can take them all out," she nodded towards the door.  "But I won't, because all I want is my April."  Eveie gave a scowl, held her right hand up, and from the center of her palm, a thin, black thorn extended from it.
She shoved it into Uncle Hes's throat and leaped towards April and Malachi in a blast of white light.
When my eyes focused, the room was filled with guards and Isaiah barking orders.  I gazed down at Uncle Hes as his eyes locked with mine and gurgling sounds came from his mouth.  He looked as though he was trying to tell me something as he reached for my hand and squeezed it.  Blood gushed from the thorn protruding from his neck, and pooled on the floor, soaked into my clothing, and covered my hands.  I tried to use my stone to heal his wound, but the poison and blood loss were quicker than any magic.  I knew it was useless, and kept telling Uncle Hes that everything would be alright.  My stone glowed with power and I felt its energy in my hand, but it wasn't strong enough.
He tightened his grip on my hand as I cradled his head, and then with one final gasp of air, Uncle Hes died.  His eyes still focused on me with words he wanted say would forever remain unspoken.
"Demon thorns are nasty business," Isaiah said, standing beside me.  I didn't even know he was there watching.
I didn't reply as I sat frozen with my blood-covered stone still in hand and held over the thorn.  Uncle Hes was gone, and there was nothing I could do.
"Take the body," Isaiah said, commanding two guards.
They lifted him up and carried him out the door, feet dragging on the floor.  I looked down at the blood that pooled on the floor, and stained my skin and clothes.
"Take him and clean him up," Isaiah said, kneeling in front of me as Edan lifted me up.  
I stood facing Isaiah with Edan beside me.  "Put him in a cell until I can deal with him later."
"But Eveie took April and Malachi.  You can't lock me up."  I looked into Isaiah's pitiless eyes.
"You freed the demon that killed your uncle, and now she took a powerful monster.  She is on the loose, and all by your doing."  He glared at me as he snatched the stone from my hand.  "I think I have the right to lock you up."
Chapter Thirteen

April

After the light faded like mist dissolving in sunlight, I could see distant mountains gleaming in the bright light.  There was what seemed like miles of rolling, green hills that looked like they were bowing at the foot of the massive mountains.  
Malachi stood beside me as he looked around.  Eveie was nowhere in sight.
"We've got to be in the Shadowlands."  Malachi gazed at the wilderness that surrounded us.
I reached for his hand and squeezed it in mine.  He turned and looked at me with surprise.  A gust of wind blew past us as it fluttered his dark hair.  We could have been in Avalon with a picnic waiting for us under a tree.  We'd be carefree with no demons, angels or monsters after us.  And for that moment, I allowed myself to think everything was over.
"I'm glad you're not going to die," I said finally.
Malachi smiled as he took my other hand.
"Me too, and thanks," he said as Eveie came up the hill we stood on.
"Come children, there's something I want to show you."  She came only half way up and motioned with excitement for us to follow her.
Malachi startled, pushed me behind him as Eveie ran down the hill laughing like a little girl.  
I stepped out from behind him.  "If she wanted us dead, she'd done it by now.  And besides, she wants children, and we're her children.  If we want out of this demon-mother-loving nightmare, we'd better play along until we can figure a way out."
I ran down the hill laughing as Eveie in all her silver and white, waited for us like a guardian ghost.
"Come on Malachi!"  I yelled as I joined Eveie's side.
He hesitated for only a moment, and then ran down the hill, but not as joyfully as I did. His face was flushed and then casted over with a green shade.  He turned away and acted as though he was going to puke all over the neon green grass.
"You still have poison in you."  Eveie stood beside Malachi and gazed at him with tender eyes.  "We need to fix that, come on; I've got just the thing."  She smiled at him as she ran her fingers across his cheek.
I almost expected him to flinch or worse, punch Eveie for touching him, but he did neither.  Instead, he gazed back like a lost puppy that was surprised to have found a caring soul.  

We followed Eveie up and down hills and finally reached a stream with a cottage-style house nestled beside it that you'd read about in fairytales.  It was made of rounded stones mortared together with what looked like clay and wood shingles that covered the roof.  It was surrounded with flowers and a stone pathway that led to an arched, wood door with a silver knob.  Blue shutters framed the large, square windows, and a matching mailbox sat propped on a crooked tree limb used as a post.  They got mail here?
Before Eveie opened the door, she opened her mailbox.  I looked at Malachi, but he was leaning over the daisies puking all over them.
"Just bills," Eveie sighed.
"Wait," I said, taking a step back.  "You have bills in the Shadowlands?"
Eveie smiled at me as she looked over her shoulder with the two envelopes in hand.  "The Shadowlands, no-but the Isle of Stars, yes."  She opened the door, and I helped Malachi inside.
"I'm sure you are wondering what the Isle of Stars is, and I can tell you that it is Fae owned and very exclusive to you and your mother's kind."  Eveie turned on the orillions that were on a shelf above the stone fireplace.
Inside was as charming as the outside with its puffy chairs and sofa, open to a kitchen with a round table in front of the fireplace, and a loft with a spiral staircase leading up to it.  I would have never thought a demon would live in a cottage with flowers in a place that looked like it was peeled off a calendar and we had entered it.
"Sit Malachi on the couch."  Eveie motioned towards the striped couch of white and pale pink.  
I gently sat Malachi down as he moaned and hugged his stomach.  Eveie handed me a glass with a yellowish liquid in it.
"Have him drink it," she said sitting across from us.
I pressed it up to his mouth without question and he drank it.  Eveie, I knew, wasn't going to hurt us.  Malachi looked too green to argue with anyone.  Eveie wasn't the demon I thought she was all those years, and in fact, she wasn't anything like I expected her to be.
"My mother's kind-what do you mean by that?"  I asked as Malachi leaned over resting his head on the arm of the chair.  Eveie smiled and placed a pillow under his head.  "My mother was a monster from the Crosslands of Iethia."
"No, she was far from that."  She looked at me.  "Who told you that?"  She asked with questioning eyes.
I felt heat radiate up my back and my hands began to sweat.  "Hesediel told me about my mother," I replied meekly.
A flicker of blue flames erupted in her eyes.  "He barely knows half of the story your mother was trying to cover up." She glanced at Malachi.  "He's going to be sleeping for some time, let's go outside in the garden where we can talk."
On a stone bench among an array of delicate and colorful flowers, Eveie and I sat watching the water in the flowing stream glisten by.  It cascaded over the rocks, and the sound of the trickling water was the only noise around us besides the occasional breeze through the garden.
"Ella and I made this place."  Eveie stated as I waited for her to elaborate on it, but she didn't.
"It's very pretty?kind of like a fairytale house," I said with a smile as I kept my eyes on the water.
I could see out of the corner of my eye, Eveie gazing at me.  I knew she was studying me, but I didn't want to look at her as I found Eveie still disturbing and unsure of her true intentions.
"It's your home and your father's home."  I turned my head to meet her vivid eyes.
"My home?"
She nodded.  "It's time you heard the other half of your story, April Snow."
Eveie said what Hesidial had told me was true, but only to his knowledge.  My mother, Aleena, left him shortly after I was born and knew someone was after her.  She thought them to be demons or angels that were trying to kill her and me as well.  Aleena knew I'd be safer in the human world and gave me up for adoption.
"It broke her heart and every fiber of her being to give you away."  Her voice was t ender.  "Hesidial tried to help her, but she couldn't be helped by him or any monster or angel. That's when I found her near death."  She placed her hand over mine.  "I felt her love for you mix with my rare ability for a demon to have compassion, but I have it and chose that day to give into it.  My sisters I had always followed, and now, they are not here to control me.  I chose that day that a time would come where I'd carve a new path for demons and when I took your mother's life force, I took her love for you."
I jerked my hand out from under hers and stood up.
"You did a Taking on my mother?"
Eveie had a shocked look on her face.  "I did to preserve her within me.  Her love for you would have been lost, but it stayed alive in me.  I truly did it to protect you."
"But you came to me in the darkness and threatened me with fear.  You told me that my mother didn't care about me or want me right before we captured you in the stone."   
Eveie shook her head.  "No, it wasn't me all the time, and sometimes my sisters liked to watch me when they thought I didn't know.  They didn't trust me, and that day I had to put on a show until the time was right for me to reveal myself to you. Eos knew of you and wanted me to get rid of my pet, but I didn't want to.  I tried to hide you and being a demon, well you will never lose that frightening demon appearance to humans, or in your case-a Fae or actually only half-Fae." 
I gave Eveie a confused look.
"You are not human at all, April Snow."  She smiled as the silver scales on her cheeks sparkled in the sunlight.  "You are part monster and part Fae, and not just any Fae, but one from the Isle of Stars."
I sat back down and looked at my very human looking feet as I cradled my head in my hands.  "So what's that supposed to mean?I have butterfly wings or something?"
"Not butterfly wings, but  aura wings.  And I'm going to help uncover it for you."

Seth

"Rusul is dead," Nessa said, peering at me through the silver bars that took the place of a door to a bedroom with windows filled with glass so thick, it distorted the outside view.  
"They are blaming you for everything."  Edan added with arms crossed as he constantly looked over his shoulder to make sure his father wasn't coming.
"I kind of got that impression when they put me in here."  I let out a breath of air.
Uncle Hes was dead too, and it was my entire fault-the thought of it was there, but it wasn't soaking in.  
"What about Ayil and Yolanda?"  I asked and not sure if I wanted to hear the answer.
"Yolanda is grieving, but is alright, and Ayil is healing."  Nessa let her gaze mix with mine for a moment.  "I'm sorry about your Uncle Hes.  I didn't know him very well, but I'm sure he was a good monster."
I really didn't know him either, but he was blood of my blood and that had to mean something.  
"I have to get out of here," I whispered to Nessa.
"Yeah, especially since my dad wants you to be executed-archangel style," Edan said plainly.  "He's taken over Rusul's place for the time being until Yolanda can recover."
"Archangel style?"  Nessa questioned.
"Hey," I interrupted.  "Get me out so we can find April and Malachi."
"How do we know where they went?  My father has sent out guards and scouts, and they're not in the Shadowlands.  The portal Eveie made, is a dead end and impenetrable." 
I rubbed my chin and then my head as I let out a sigh.  I wished Ezra could communicate with me and tell me where April was, but no matter how much I tried to reach out and find the smallest piece of her, I only found the emptiness of the darkness.  My time, April's time and Malachi's time was running out.  And now with Isaiah running Shangri-La, I would probably be executed archangel-style whatever that meant, I didn't want to know.
"I know where Eveie went," a tiny voice said.
Nessa and Edan turned as I stepped towards the barred doorway.
"Ella, I told you to stay put, and I'd be back soon."  Nessa, who wasn't much taller than Ella, said looking down at the dark-haired girl.
"But I know where Eveie went and where she took my brother.  If you want to come, then come along, because I have the key."  Ella held up a silver wand that I knew was a Fae-made etch.  She could make a portal.

April

Eveie and I stood nestled between the vibrant, green knolls that looked like giant waves of green water frozen forever.  Black rocks jetted out of the ground like teeth in random places, and the blue sky overhead was filled with puffy clouds.
I stood in front of Eveie as she smiled down at me. Gently she placed her scaled hands on my shoulders.  Immediately, tiny tendrils of electricity curled inside of me.  I didn't expect the sudden force and thought of pulling away when a voice entered my head.
Let her help you, April. You are more than a monster-I can see that clearly in you now.  Eveie is pure of heart that is a mixture of Aleena and her own.  Their love for you is strong.  Don't push it away?you belong here?
"Ezra," I said her name out loud as Eveie deepened her smile at me.
"Listen to the voice of your strength," Eveie said.  
I expected Eveie to explain what she was going to do, not just place her hands on me and jump right in with uncovering my aura.  But just as quickly the fear and confusion filled me; it was quickly extinguished by understanding and the bond that had been created between Eveie and my mother so many years ago.  Their desire to protect and love me was shared between them.  Their minds, heart and soul slowly mingled as one.  It was almost as if they had become another being that they created together.
I closed my eyes, and  thought of Ezra.  She was strong, and mixed with my strength only made us stronger.  
My body felt light, and I couldn't feel the ground beneath my feet.  The green landscape faded into a glitter-filled one as the air around me lifted me up as if it had arms holding me.  I tilted my head backwards and looked up at the blue sky that was electrified with colors.  I had never felt so happy, and didn't want it to stop, but I felt the air around me weaken.
Slowly, I glided downward until I felt the ground against my body.  The air had cleared, and the blue sky was just blue again.
I smiled at myself with the lingering effects of what just happened, still giving me a buzz.  But what just happened to me?  I forced the question in my head.
I sat up to see Eveie sitting on a rock gazing at the landscape as if nothing had happened.  My head spun as I tried to steady myself by clutching onto the thick blades of grass. I drew in a deep breath causing my lungs to suddenly hurt.  I coughed as silver glitter fell around me dusting the green blades of grass.  I then noticed the skin on my arms was covered in silver flecks and my royal hexmark was no longer black.
Gingerly, I ran my fingers over the silver lines that looked like someone had poured metal into a cast, and then fastened that metal design onto my skin. It even had a solid feel to the lines, like a scar would.
Eveie casually turned her head and gazed at me with her blue eyes surrounded in all of her white and silver.  She slid off the black boulder and came up to me, lifting me by my hands.  She twirled a strand of my hair between her fingers then reached behind me and flicked something on my back.  Silver glitter exploded between us.
"What-what is it?"  I frantically asked as I reached over my shoulder and felt something like stretched paper or sheer material.  I started to pull on it as pain shot through my back.  "Ouch!"  I yelled as a pang of worry filled me.  
"Don't pull on them.  They are part of you now, and I must say," she nodded her head, "you are the first of your kind, April."
"Kind?first?Eveie what have I become?"
She smiled and flicked some more glitter.  "You are the result of when a monster and a Fae have offspring, but you look just like them, and I knew it was in you the whole time, April."  Suddenly, Eveie's voice shifted and her hair started to turn brown.  Her face filled with color and her eyes matched mine.
"Mother?" I breathed.
She smiled and then her image was gone.  Eveie smiled back at me as my vision faded and I felt the cool ground next to my skin.


Seth

"Stand back," Ella said, pulling a small disk from her pocket.
"Where did you get that?"  Edan asked standing beside Ella and pointing at the disk.
Ella cocked her head towards him, and smiled with a raise of her eyebrows as she swiped it across the lock.  "They have Fae stuff all over this place and with no one watching or paying attention to me, well?no one is paying attention or watching so I helped myself."  The locked clicked and the barred gate slightly swung open.  "How were you planning on getting Seth out?"  Edan's cheeks flared red.
"Come on, we need to go outside to make a portal."  Ella reached into her pocket and threw dust all over me.
"What was that?"  Edan asked as I brushed the grey dust off my sleeve wondering the same thing.
"Don't you know about anything Faeish?"  She shook her head.  "It's unseeing dust-stole that too.  Come on, we only have about five minutes before it wears off."  Ella took off down the hallway as Edan and Nessa looked behind them at towards me with surprised looks on their faces.  By their expressions, they couldn't see me.
"Seth?"  Nessa questioned.
"The dust works, let's go before it wears off or one of the guards comes and finds me not in my cell."  I placed one hand on Nessa's shoulder and one on Edan's, both flinched, and gently nudged them to move.
I followed closely behind them as Ella led us to a secluded garden with a small fountain in the center.  It was encircled by tall shrubs and grey stones covered the ground.  Benches were scattered around the fountain that had water bubbling out of a slender column in the center of it.
Ella knelt on the edge of the fountain and pulled out her etch.  She dipped it in the water several times before a thin, clear line of water was attached to it like a thread in the eye of a needle.  Slowly, and with a proud smile on her face, she lifted the thread of water into the air.
"How do you know how to do this?"  Nessa asked as we watched in awe.
"Eveie and I have a house at The Isle of Stars and I picked up on a few Faeish things while I was there.  Making a portal is the most elementary ability you need to know how to do."  She flicked her eyes for just a second at Nessa.  "It's how they travel to other realms."
"And how are we to get April and Malachi back here?  Eveie is a demon, and wanted by the archangels.  She can't be just running around causing havoc for us," Edan said, as Ella finished the portal with a star shape in the center of portal that wasn't much taller than her.  
I wasn't too worried about Eveie right now; I was worried about getting through the portal.
Ella turned, and glared at Edan.  "Eveie doesn't want to cause havoc.  She wants the archangels to leave her alone," she said firmly with eyes set on Edan.
"We need to have a plan."  Edan looked at me.  "Where exactly are you taking us with this portal?"  He shifted his attention back to Ella.
"It will open up close to our house near Sothis which is in the southern part of The Isle of Stars."  Ella looked over her shoulder at Edan with her etch still connected to the portal by a tiny thread of light.  She smiled.  "You worry too much archangel."
"We have every right to be cautious."  Edan looked back at me as Ella continued with her portal-making as Nessa stood beside her mesmerized by the structure.
"I couldn't get your stone back. So what weapon will we use to contain this demon?"  Edan asked in a low voice as he pulled me away from Ella.  "I didn't plan on her doing this and was going to try one more time to get the stone so we could make our own portal, not have Eveie's daughter make it for us."
Edan had every right to be suspicious and untrusting of Ella, but at the same time, I knew we could trust her.  Since my connection with the stone, my intuition had grown.  I had to get Edan to follow Ella and trust her.
I grabbed onto Edan's arm, and locked my eyes with him.  I was using persuasion on him, and I nearly knocked us both to the ground from the unexpected force.  The lightstone, I felt, had left a little of its power in me each time I used it.  It was kind of like taking sips out of a glass, and after each sip, the glass was getting closer to being empty.  My ability to persuade was strong before, but now it was even stronger.
I quickly steadied myself, and kept Edan's attention.  He didn't question me or pull away.  I had him.
"Ella can be trusted, and is to be trusted by you.  She will lead us to The Isle of Stars where you will be cautious, but not untrusting of her intentions."  I held my gaze steady as I felt the power in me surge and fall like waves.  I had to release him without a sudden break.
"What are her intentions?"  Unexpectedly, Edan asked.  This took me by surprise.
"To take us to Malachi and April," I said quickly and released my hold on him.
I took a step away as Ella finished the portal with a final flick of her hand with the etch in it.
She looked back at me as Nessa examined the portal.  "It's ready, let's go," Ella said, as if we were simply getting on a bus and going downtown on an errand. 
She shoved the etch into her pocket, Looked back at me and smiled, and took Nessa by the hand.  "You guys will love it there."
Ella pulled on Nessa's hand, and into the portal they went.  I took a step forward as Edan followed behind the two girls without hesitation.  I had used my persuasion, but I didn't think it would be that strong.  Edan entered the portal stone-faced as if he would follow Ella off a cliff is she went and suggested that he go too.  I would have to re-persuade Edan so that didn't happen. 
Suddenly, the sound of footsteps and voices erupted through the cover of the tall shrubs.  I could hear Isaiah's voice giving commands to his guards and coming closer.  
"If Edan is involved in this, bring him to me first-unharmed.  I don't care about the others."
Quickly, I leaped into the portal and hoped we could close it before Isaiah and his guards could follow us.
Chapter Fourteen

April

I had wings protruding from my back like the kind you find in the Halloween costume section in a store-except mine were real.  I couldn't see them very well, but from what I strained my neck to see, they weren't really a color, but glowed in a yellowish light. Eveie seemed pleased as if she had been waiting for this for a long time.  I sat outside of Eveie's fairytale-style cottage and looked at the landscape surrounding me.
Just a few weeks ago, all I wanted was to leave Sunrise Acres and my life there with it, and hopefully have a normal life.  All I've done is escape from foster homes, institutions, and the darkness that followed me like a shadow.   
"Keep fluttering them or they'll get stiff."  Eveie said, coming out of the house and into the sunshine that she smiled up at.  "It's a beautiful day, and I'm not saying for what finally happened, but the weather is really nice-almost like it is celebrating with us." 
I closed my eyes trying to let everything soak in.  I should be running around half-crazed at what has just happened.  I mean, how was I to wear clothing and take a bath, or do I just flutter around in some birdbath somewhere that Eveie has probably got around here somewhere?  I felt I couldn't think anymore-I wanted to run away.  That's what I've been doing my whole life-running away and always searching for that safe paradise over the next hill that was just out of reach.  But I've reached that hill, and I was in paradise. Only paradise wasn't what I expected, or was it?  I knew and felt I was always different, but not this different.
"You look like you are thinking about something deeply."  Eveie sat next to me, watching.
I looked at her.  She was the darkness that followed me, saved my mother from death, and feared thinking one day I'd conquer that shadow that followed me and finally be free.  The darkness that haunted me as a child wasn't evil in the end, but held the answers to questions I didn't know I had.
"What about my father?  Who was he?"  I finally asked.
Eveie took in a deep breath, and gazed out at the sunlit scenery.  "He's Fae and lives here on The Isle of Stars."
My heart skipped a beat.  "Here?" I said, standing up pointing towards the ground.  "You said he died, and never got the chance to see me."
Eveie gazed at me with her blue eyes surrounded with the silver scales that caught the light.  "His name is Eldon, and his lives in Braithwaine in the east.  And as far as what I said before, it was a lie to protect you," she said without emotion as if she was reading it from a book or letter.
"April," she said my name as I turned away.  "We are safe here, and protected.  As long as we live quietly here, nothing will bother us."
I swung around just as she tried to reach for me.  I gazed into her eyes, now filled with nothing but tenderness.  "I want to go and see him."
"He is the crowned prince of The Isle of Stars; we can't just go and see him."  She pushed my hair back, and for some reason, I let her do such a motherly thing to me.  "When he met your mother, he had no intentions of being with her and caring about her.  The Fae are that way-they leave the ones they touch suffering in a sick love that nothing can cure.  I'm sure Eldon had no intentions of you even being born as they can control that, but your mother really did want you and so do I."
I sat dangling my feet letting them skid across the grass-covered stone as my thoughts melted together.  How can this have even happened and when was I going to wake up?  I had wings for goodness sake!
"April?"  Malachi said, standing in the doorway.
I turned around with my heart jumping into my chest as I tried to fold my wings behind me to hide them.  But all they did was awkwardly flutter. Malachi and I looked at each other, and I didn't know how to explain this to him. 
I felt like running into the green hills until I knew no one could see me.  I still felt this was a dream, and I would wake up at Sunrise Acres.  Part of me wanted to run, and the other wanted to stay here staring into Malachi's confused, blue eyes.  But I knew that wouldn't happen, and running away never did solve many problems.  Knowing I should feel scared, I didn't have an ounce of fear in me.  As I gazed at Malachi, something clicked like a switch inside of me. For the first time in my life, I felt like I was finally complete and had reached the point that I was supposed to be at.
"Yes, I have wings."  I stated the obvious.  "Eveie," I looked at her for a moment, "had them sprout out of my back and I'm not just a monster."  I stepped closer to Malachi.  "I'm a Fae-monster-demon-bit girl with wings."
Malachi shifted his eyes from me to Eveie as a sour looked filled his face.
"She did this to you?"  He asked with slight disgust.
For a split second, I felt he found me suddenly mutilated rather than beautified.
"No, she didn't.  They were already there waiting to come out."  I placed my hand in his.  "My father is a Fae, but doesn't know about me.  Eveie brought me here, and has protected me my whole life.  She saved my mother from death by doing a Taking.  She risked protecting me even though her sisters didn't want her to.  She risked everything to bring me to this point."  I gently touched the bruise on his neck.  "And she healed you otherwise you'd be dead by now."
Malachi quickly glanced at Eveie who stood away from us, but close enough to hear our conversation-just like she had all my life-looming in shadow protectively watching.
"I'm free of my sisters, Malachi," Eveie said, stepping beside me.  "I'm free to make my own decisions and put into action what I want."
"And what is that?" Malachi's voice was laced with suspicion.  "You're still demon."
Eveie, for a moment, had a hurt expression flash over her face, but faded with a smile.  "You don't understand all demons, Malachi.  Ebony thought the same as me, this I know, because I have her power, we both want demons to be not known for the evil they can spread, but gain the trust of the angels as we once did.  For too long we have been judged by the actions of just a few.  I intend to start anew and prove my alliance with the archangels."  
Eveie looked like a newly opened flower-all white and pure without the weathering of the elements to age her.  "You are both young, and haven't lived enough to see the things we have witnessed from the shadows unable to help or correct as they happened.  Our bodies were confined along with our spirts in the darkness to have learned much, but unable to act."  She switched her blue eyes from me and then back to Malachi as she placed her hands on each of our shoulders.  "Not all angels are pure of heart, not all monsters should be feared, and not all demons are evil."


Seth

"Isaiah is behind us," I said, trying to close the portal by waving my hands.
"What are you trying to do?"  Ella asked.  "Why don't you just yell at them too?"  She quickly traced the portal with the etch.  "It won't stop them, but should slow them down."  Ella stood back and admired the portal for a moment.
"So where is this Sothis?"  Edan asked.
"It's close, about a fifteen minute walk."  Ella looked around with a satisfied look on her face.  "I got us pretty close, and in such a short amount of time."  She motioned with her hand.  "Come on, this way."
Ella took off dashing through the green hills with her black hair bouncing as she raced down the knolls that were dotted with jagged rocks embedded in the ground.  I followed her with Edan and Nessa behind me as the blue sky and puffy clouds rolled overhead.  Sunrays pierced through the clouds like illuminated daggers stabbing at the countryside as light spilled over the green landscape like pooling blood.  Even under the dire circumstances, I found The Isle of Stars to be a beautiful place-especially for a demon to live here.  
"Just over the next hill!"  Ella shouted as she glanced over her shoulder at me with her hair nearly covering her face.
As promised, just as we crowned the next hill, sat a house or more like a cottage nestled beside a stream and flowers surrounding it like colorful guards.  There were three people outside: Eveie, with all of her silver and white gleaming in the sunlight, to my relief, Malachi, and another-a girl with something glowing on her back.  She slipped behind Malachi when we made our presence.  
"Is that April?"  Nessa whispered to me.
I looked at her as she gazed back at me with a familiar smile-Ezra's warm smile.
"Yes, it's April," I replied.
"Mother!"  Ella yelled breaking our gazing trance at each other.  It was the first time I heard her call Eveie that since the Shadowlands.  She ran to Eveie's waiting arms.
If I didn't know Eveie was a demon, I'd guess her another enchanted creature.  It was like she had become a different creature, but I still remained cautious.  
"What do we do now?"  Nessa asked.
"Come on," I replied as I headed towards them.
"Come on?"  I heard Edan scoff.  "That's your plan?"
"Do you have a better one?"  Nessa asked following behind me.
Eveie embraced Ella as Malachi greeted me.  "What is going on at Shangri-La?"  He asked as I looked at him and grabbed him by the arms.  "What are you doing?"
"Are you alright?"  I asked switching my gaze between him and April.
"Yes, believe it or not, we are well here and Eveie cured not only me, but turned April into a demon-bit-Fae-monster girl.  It turns out our little spell-struck is part Fae and part monster."  Malachi stepped aside as Nessa, Edan, Malachi and I looked at April as if she was a sideshow spectacle at a circus.  She looked uncomfortable.
"April, you?"  I started to say as she let out a huff and turned around fluttering her transparent and glowing wings.
"Are those wings?"  Edan asked as Nessa elbowed him and gave him a stern look.  "I'm just asking."
"I've got wings, and like Malachi said-I'm a Fae."
"You are Fae, are you sure?"  Edan asked tipping his chin down as if to make sure he heard her right.  "I've seen a few Fae before, but not with wings.  Are you sure this isn't just some monster deformity?" 
"She is Fae-not deformed."  Malachi stepped closer to Edan, looking at him as if insulted.  "Her father is the crowned prince of The Isle of Stars and the Fae here have wings.  You know, archangels don't know everything."
"Well?"  Edan cocked his head and shrugged his shoulders as if going to elaborate on why that wasn't true, when Ella cut between them.
"And you are my brother," Ella said, gazing up at Malachi's confused face.
She smiled at him and slightly bounced up and down as she waited for him to reply.  Malachi's face paled as his eyes slipped from Edan, and focused on the girl in front of him.
"What?"  He asked with disbelief.
"It's true, Malachi," Eveie said, stepping towards us, but far enough away as if she sensed his uncomfortableness.  "Your sister never died that horrible day.  I kept her for you, for us?"
Malachi didn't reply, but just looked down at the girl who smiled back at him.  Ella took him by the hand and examined his fingers.
"I used to hold onto your index finger all the time when we went somewhere because your hand was too big for mine, but not your finger."  She lifted her eyes to him searching his as if he remembered too.  "I couldn't say Malachi, so I called you Mal, instead." 
I stood beside Malachi as everyone watched.  
He looked at the girl as if he wanted to believe her, but at the same time didn't want to.  I knew years had passed since then, and he spent most of them trying to move on and bury the massacre that took his family and way of life.  Ella stood patiently gazing up at him.  She was the reflection of Malachi, even down to her steady stare that always reminded me of a hawk searching the vast fields in hopes of finding a mouse for dinner.
I didn't say anything as I watched Malachi's doubt fade.
"If you still don't believe me then," Ella rolled up her sleeve and showed him her hexmark.  "Incomplete-it's incomplete, and you used to tease me about it."
Ella's hexmark was faded in places like someone had erased parts of it randomly.  She kept her eyes on Malachi as she rolled her sleeve back down, and Malachi stopped her.  He looked at her hexmark and ran his fingers over it.  
How much more evidence do you need?  I wanted to say to him.
"I told you that two Stelhollow hearts still remained in this world."  April stepped beside Ella, but instead of April's eyes gazing at him, it was Ezra who was speaking.  "This is Myra, your sister, and she is alive."  Ezra glanced over her shoulder at Eveie.  "The demons that took your village were not all evil.  She has healed you, protected Myra, and April as well.  Trust lies were least expected and suspicion sits in the most unexpected places that we'd never guess.  Judge by actions rather than what you perceive."  Ezra gazed at all of us.  "There will be disturbances in the future-find your alliances now, or you will perish in the outcome."  She let her eyes rest on me before she faded.
"Ezra," I said as I stepped in front of her just as April's head dropped then lifted.
She looked at me with confusion as I gently touched her cheek. She looked at me with bewilderment at first, then with understanding.
"Ezra," she confirmed, and I nodded.
"But your name was Myra, not Ella."  Malachi gazed down at his sister.
"She picked that name since I didn't know her true name," Eveie said, still standing a slight distance away as a servant would do waiting on her employer.
"It's true, I did."  Ella confirmed with a smile.  "Eveie told me about you, and said this day would come, and it has."  She wrapped her arms around Malachi with a giant, content smile on her face.
Malachi was taken by surprise by her gesture, and stood with arms out, frozen as if contemplating to hug Ella or not.  He looked down at her as she continued to embrace him, eyes closed.
"She's your sister," I said, as if he was waiting to be formally told.  
Malachi glanced at me, and then back at Ella. Slowly, and almost like a rusted gate, Malachi's arms curled around Ella.
"Myra, I dreamed of this day, but never thought it possible. And your hexmark is beautiful." 
Ella smiled u at him.  "I know,"
 Malachi lifted his eyes to Eveie, and nodded.  "I have you to thank."  
Eveie's eyes filled with shock, and I'm sure being a demon, no one had probably ever thanked her for anything she did.  Her surprised expression faded into a smile.
Suddenly, April ran past me with her translucent, glowing wings behind her.  
"April?"  Nessa ran after her as they both stopped at the crest of hill.
April turned and looked over her shoulder at me.  The blue sky framed her and the wind gently blew through her hair as Nessa gazed into the distance trying to see what April had noticed.
"What are you looking at?"  Nessa asked.
I joined them along with Malachi, Ella and Eveie.  We looked into the green-scape that surrounded us.
"You don't have dragons or gargoyles around here, do you?"  Edan asked Eveie.
"No," she said, not removing her eyes from the horizon.  "But this is the Isle of Stars.  Many creatures live here, and could be any number of them."
I touched April on the shoulder, and was going to ask her what alerted her to dash up the hill as if someone had called to her.  She quickly placed her hand on mine and turned to me with Ezra's indigo eyes.
"The archangels are here," she said, trembling.  "But so are demons."

April

"How can you see them?"  Nessa asked. 
"I sense them." I replied, with my hand still on Seth's.  I felt Ezra surface inside of me like a fishing bobber floating on water.  We were one, but yet a small piece remained of her, and it still reached out for Seth.  "They travel quickly-both of them."
"Can demons withstand being here?"  Malachi asked no one in particular.  "They aren't strong enough to leave the shadows, unless?"  He turned to Eveie.  "The serum?"
His eyes narrowed as he looked at Eveie who stood expressionless at first, and then started to shake her head.
Even though Eveie had done nothing but prove herself as a good demon, Malachi still held a piece of suspicion for her.  Having Ezra to guide me, I honed her ability to see into and past things, and seeing things for what they are. 
"It isn't the serum-it's something else."  I cut in front of Eveie as she opened her mouth to defend herself.  "The serum can't be made without this."  I raised my hand showing the engagement ring Ben had given me.  I felt it had been years since he had proposed to me, and looking at it made my heart ache.  "It's something else that is making them materialize."
"I still don't see anything."  Nessa reported as she kept her eyes focused on the peaceful looking landscape. 
"Even if I did have the serum, I would never give it to any of the demons in the shadows."  Eveie stepped towards Malachi with chin raised.  "You have no idea what sort of things exist there, and I never want them to leave that horrible place."
Malachi's eyes softened as a sudden whooshing sound passed over our heads.  We ducked and frantically surveyed into the bright sky.
"Please tell me that was just the wind," Nessa said, as a cawing sound gave her reply.
I stood up as Malachi pressed himself next to me and grasped onto my wrist as you would a small child so they don't get lost.  I closed my eyes, and reached out to the invisible creature that flew over our heads.
It was by itself-a scout, maybe.  It had no intentions of hurting us, but it did try to send a message.  Without thinking, I blocked the message.  It tried again, and I blocked it again.
I felt the air around me stir as if a large fan had been placed over our heads.
"Fine, if you overpower me, then I will take a sample with me."  A voice, female, said as I opened my eyes and scanned the skies overhead.
"Where did that come from?  I can't see anything!"  Edan yelled over the wind and the sound of wings flapping overhead.
I looked up at the empty sky knowing something was there, but was invisible. Malachi, Seth and Edan stood in front of me with Nessa beside me gazing up at the sky as well.
"Who are you?"  I demanded worming my way between Seth and Malachi.
Malachi grabbed my arm, but I jerked it away as I glared into the blue sky.  "I said, make yourself known!  Who are you?"  I repeated.
Suddenly, right over my head, the sky started to ripple like water.  Slowly, a shape began to take form as I watched it pull the colors from the sky making it almost translucent, but solid enough to see it.  If I had to guess what it was, I'd call it a dragon.  It had a long neck, oval head, glistening, iridescent scales, and webbed wings that gracefully flapped behind it.  Its eyes reflected the clouds surrounding us as it made eye contact with me.
I should be scared out of my mind, but I wasn't.  The creature had a majestic appearance to her, and from what I sensed, she wasn't here to hurt us-at least that wasn't her duty right now.
"It's a sky serpent!"  Edan yelled as he grabbed Nessa.
Malachi pulled me back, and started to run towards the cottage along with everyone else.  I didn't think the structure would protect us from whatever a sky serpent could do.
"Fine," the serpent huffed as her shadow glided over us and then landed right in front of Eveie's home, gracefully.
We stopped dead in our tracks as the ghost-like sky serpent blocked the entryway.  She towered over us as she gazed down with dark eyes that were like two sponges that soaked up what color she had to her.    Her skin slowly reflected the color of the flowers, the grey stones, and blue sky that made her look like a watery cutout of the space before us.
"Stay back!"  Edan commanded to us as he held out his arm like a traffic cop stopping vehicles.  "I've training with sky serpents before."
The serpent cocked her head, and looked bemused even through her translucent appearance.
"I'm impressed, little angel."  Her voice was pleasant, and very human-like.  "Most don't claim experience with us, and lived to tell others about it-yes, very impressed."  Her voice rang with amusement.  
"You serve the Fae here, don't you?"  I asked, stepping forward as Malachi pulled me back, and gave me an are you crazy look.  
I kept my eyes on the sky serpent as Malachi grasped onto my wrist.  With eyes that looked like two organs, a heart maybe, that had tiny veins and capillaries trailing to it, she glanced between Malachi and me.
"He protects you, young Fae."  She sounded pleased.  "My time here isn't supposed to be long as others are treading on our ground."  She glanced in the distance.  "I bring no resistance with me, and come in peace as that is the way of the sky serpent on The Isle of Stars."  She looked at Edan who held a dagger in front of him.  "You would know this, Edan, son of Isaiah Tollwick, if your experience was correct."  She still had an amused tone to her voice as Edan lowered his blade slightly.
"How do you know my name?"  He asked.
"I can see through all of you, and that's why the Fae employ me and others like me as their watchguards.  My name is Rowain, and I'm the personal guard of Eldon."  Rowain set her eyes, feathered with color, on me and slightly bowed.  "He sensed you, April Snow, but didn't know who you were exactly, but I can tell you are Fae mixed with other creatures.  You bring an un-pure presence to our lands."  Her eyes pulsated with color as they narrowed.
Seth, Malachi and Edan, acting on her threating looks and words, stepped closer to the serpent with daggers toward her.  Nessa slipped in between them as Edan gave her a discouraging look that she ignored.  Eveie, who stood a few steps behind me, clutched her arms protectively around Ella.  Rowain glanced at all of us as if she was studying our movements, and summing us up.
"Sky serpents are not immune to the blades of angels."  Edan threatened.
"No, they are not, little angel."  Rowain didn't appear impressed or worried at the three of them.  "But I am not here to hurt you-I'm a messenger, guard, and scout.  What you should be frightened of is the feet that trample closer to you.  They come after the April Snow for her nectar that runs through her.  Demons have struck, a deal and found their father that they've been searching for.  Angels with their power chase them, and if not stopped, both will be obliterated.  We don't like war on our lands, and will eliminate all who try.  We are strong, we are numberless, and we will not discriminate."
"Why are you telling us this?"  I asked unafraid of Rowain, even though her appearance should have made me scared, and a few weeks ago would have.  "You could kill them all, including us, but you don't.  Why?"
Her eyes fluxed with color and understanding.  "You have ties to these creatures, and as a single flower that belongs to a larger plant, you, April Snow, are part of this world and we've waited a long time for you to come.  We are giving you a chance to save the ones you love-a rare opportunity from a sky serpent and the Fae."  She turned her attention to Edan.  "And you, Edan Tollwick, you should know this from your experience with sky serpents."  With those words, Rowain's image liquefied, and she disappeared with a whoosh of her wings. 
Chapter Fifteen

Seth

Somehow demons had materialized enough to escape the shadows.  But how many had come, and what strength did they have?  So many questions ran through my head as everyone talked at once, and I couldn't understand anyone.
"Quiet!" I yelled, catching everyone's attention.  "Malachi and Edan, go to the hill and watch for anything."  I pointed towards the knoll where we were at.  "Tell us if you see anything."  
With slightly surprised looks, they nodded and took off.
"I can sense if anything is coming before Malachi or Edan can."  April stepped in front of me and looked at me with brown eyes.  I searched them quickly for a glimpse of Ezra.  "Let me join them."
I studied her for a moment then nodded for her to join them.  
"The demons won't be strong without the serum."  I turned to see Eveie, arms wrapped around Ella as a mother would do protecting their child.  "They have to have a willing host in order to escape the shadows, and I have a guess at who might have been willing."  She raised her right eyebrow as the scales glistened in the slight movement.  
"Who?"  I asked
"Benjamin Marsh, April's companion that just wanted her for what she could do.  He isn't done with her."  Her eyes shifted to April.  "Allow me to make a barrier around them-they need protection.  We all need protection from not only the angels and demons, but the Fae here as well.  If this isn't resolved quickly, they will release the sky serpents and all will perish.  We are lucky they are allowing us to settle this on our own, unless they are bored and in need of entertainment."  She looked away for a moment.  "Seth, the Fae are very strong here, and possess many magical implements-it's a containment facility for the Fae world, and they do have use of it."
I looked at Eveie, and then over at Malachi, April, Edan and Nessa who followed him.  They were under my protection, and even though Uncle Hes was gone, I still had a mission to complete.  
"The Fae are not unreasonable, that is how I came to have sanctuary here."  She tightened her arms around Ella.  "They want April, and will protect her here along with us." 
There was something in Eveie's voice she wasn't telling me.  A demon living on The Isle of Stars with access to all kinds of magical implements and given a house by the Fae didn't add up.  Why didn't I see this before and question Eveie?  Because I was worried too much about Ezra and April-I let my personal feelings get in the way of what's going on.
"The Fae would put a stop to this."  I stepped closer to Eveie.  "This is their pristine lands, and they are letting demons and angels tread freely on it.  There something more going on, and I know you know what it is."
Eveie shook her head as Ella looked up at her.
"Their king is dying-April is the closest heir.  But she must prove herself to the Fae or a new line of Fae will control The Isle of Stars."
I started to put the puzzle together.  "You found April for them, and by doing so, they promised you a home here."
She nodded her head.  "We have to win against the demons that come here and make peace with the angels.  April must guide us and prove her strength to them or?"  Eveie tightened her hold on Ella.  "The new line of Fae will wash the lands of her blood."
"What do you mean?kill her?"  I asked and she nodded.
Before Evevie could reply, the sky darkened and a gust of wind pushed on us like two giant hands.  I nearly fell, and managed to catch myself as I turned to see a black, boiling cloud fill the sky.  It looked angry as it rapidly engulfed the blue sky. Ghost-like, deformed faces of demons, protruded out of it like they were desperately trying to escape.  Screeching filled the air as an image formed out of the billowing clouds.  It was clearly a man with dark hair and wearing a long coat that swirled around him like black ink in water.  His eyes focused on April as he descended from the sky like a bird landing gracefully on the ground.   
"April," he said, with a smile.
From behind him, and as if attached to him, the black clouds swirled with the faces and bodies of demons trying to claw their way out as  the man extended a hand towards April.
"The demons-they are here," Eveie said, with fear hanging on her every word.
Ella suddenly grabbed my arm and I twirled around.
"Here," she said calmly and with a slight smile.  "This is a demon blade, and yes, I stole it.  The Fae should watch little girls more carefully or have a better security system."  Her smile deepened.  "I knew one day it would be needed.  It's the only thing that will kill demons as strong as this one."
I took the black blade that looked like it had been carved out of glass.  It was light in my hand, too light to kill a demon-surly it would break.  But magic surrounded it, and I felt it.
The man stood in front of April, and was talking to her in a way a couple would tenderly talk to one another.  Malachi, Edan and Nessa stood motionless in poses that looked like they were going to attack him.  They had been frozen by a spell, I'm sure, and that left me to stop this demon and his army that was literally behind him.
I glided up the hill, dagger in hand as I heard the hum of Eveie placing a barrier around her and Ella and me as well.   
I've never had a barrier placed on me before, much less by a demon that seemed to care about me.  I felt like I was moving through thick mud.  I glanced behind me as Eveie nodded holding onto Ella. 
I turned around, and with all my strength, I ran up the hill towards the demon with dagger raised as his surprised eyes met mine.

April

"Come with me, April," Ben said cupping my cheeks with his hands.
I felt tears of joy sting my eyes as I touched Ben's arms to see if he was really standing in front of me, or if he was just a figment of my imagination.  Confusion filled me as to how I got here with Ben, who appeared to be alright.  My disbelief, I let get washed away with the elation of him standing before me.  "I thought you were dead."  Could this be happening?   "I saw you die in the blast.  Are you really here, and everything is ok?"
Eveie had tried to get me from him, and to protect me, Ben died in Eveie's blast.
He smiled as his brown eyes gazed tenderly at me.  "I could never leave you, and we can live here in Avalon."  He stepped aside and motioned towards the city of light that framed the indigo sky with twinkling stars.
It was night, and the city glowed like a zillion diamonds under bright light.  Everything about it was perfect.  But it couldn't be happening-other things have happened since Ben proposed to me-I couldn't remember.
"It was meant to be for us, April."  His words curled around me like a warm blanket.
I looked at the city.  It was Avalon-city of the Fae?the Fae.  I was Fae, and, I now had wings-Eveie uncovered them for me. My memory pushed through my happiness for a happy ending with Ben, even though I didn't want it to.  
"I don't understand," I said, felling something pull at me.  "What about the rest of them?Malachi?"
Ben's face turned to a scowl as he extended his arm out in front of him, and yelled an incoherent command.  Immediately, a thin, grey arm covered in loose flesh, crept over his like a fog, and then curled its bony fingers around Ben's.  A ball of grey mist shot from his hand.
I turned, following its path, and realized Seth was behind me.  The grey mist exploded in front of him, sending Seth tumbling down the hill.  The lights, twinkling stars and the city filled with diamonds, crumbled from my vision.
"No!"  I yelled realizing I wasn't in Avalon, and ran towards Seth.
"You're staying with me, April!"  Ben yelled as he grabbed hold of my wing with his demon covered hand.
I screamed as Ben turned me around.
"Let me go!"  I cried as Ben gave me a sympathetic look.
"But I loved you, April.  I gave my life for you."  He pleaded as his face shifted from the gentle one I fell in love with, to one of hardness and hate.
He's infested-it's not Benjamin Marsh you are looking at, April.  It's the face of thousands of demons. 
It was Ezra's voice in my head.
Kill him!
Ebony demanded. To my surprise, a piece of her remained within me. My heart ached as I looked at Ben struggling between the two identities.  
"Ben, if you're in there-fight!"  I begged, ignoring Ebony and Ezra.  "Fight!"  I repeated.
He groaned as his face twisted painfully from Ben to that of several different looking demons with scales, withered skin and some with long straggly hair, to some that looked as beautiful as Eveie.  They were all trying to get out through Ben, and he was suffering.
"I'm gone, April."  Ben struggled to say as his face twisted from a silver-scaled demon that scowled at me, and then back to Ben.  "They took-me over-kill me and you-kill them."
I shook my head.  "Get them off of you!"  I screamed and batted at the mass of grey clouds that hovered over us.  
I tried to use my power to dissolve them, evaporate them or vaporize them-something to save Ben.
It's too late! 
Ezra yelled in my head, and suddenly a hand, scale covered and muscular, reached from the mass of faces and other body parts that the grey cloud contained, and latched onto my wrist.  I tried to pull back and looked at Ben, but he was gone, and a demon with long hair and black eyes surrounded by green scales stared ravenously at me.
I closed my eyes and thought of my hexmark and the demon that stared into my eyes.  Gathering the focus I needed, I let my gaze entangle with his cold, almost reptile-like eyes.  I moved closer allowing myself to reach into him.  It was like entering a cold, damp cave where the air hadn't moved in centuries.  It was empty, and just like those reptile eyes, he was without any feelings.  He was an animal that destroyed without remorse.
I pulled deeper into the demon's soul-if it was even called that.  I felt him weakening, but he didn't feel fear.  He hung onto life as any living thing would, until suddenly, something sparked between us.
I was ripped away as if someone had tied a rope around my waste, and pulled hard on it throwing me backwards and off my feet.  I caught my breath as I found myself on the ground, and Seth standing with a long, black dagger in his hand.
The grey clouds and mass of looming demons were gone.  Seth stood gazing down at the ground and at a lifeless body heaped in an unnaturally twisted way.  I pushed myself up and joined him.  He looked at me with a mix of empathy and sorrow.
"It had to be done," he said, and I nodded as I looked down at Ben's body.
I knelt beside him, and he looked like the Ben that I had known and was going to marry.
"He was gone long before," I said, more to myself.  I knew this when I tried to do a Taking on the demon, and found no solid trace of Ben anywhere.  The demon had consumed him right before my eyes. 
"April," Malachi said, kneeling beside me as he lifted me up and cradled my face in his hands.  "Are you alright?"
He looked at me the way he had done when we came through the portal at Shangri-la when we were running from Edan.  It was a look that fell between I never want to lose you and I'd die if anything ever did happen to you.  I haven't known Malachi for very long, but something fell into place with us-kind of like a puzzle that was big, complicated and probably contained a thousand pieces.  Our puzzle wasn't finished, and with no picture to follow off of, we were putting the pieces together blindly.  
I smiled, and curled my fingers around his wrists.  "I'm fine."  I reassured him.
"The demons-they're gone."  Evie looked around smiling in a joyful relief.  "You did it April, and Seth!"  She rejoiced.  "We are free of the demons!"
"Not all of them," said a voice behind her.
I turned to see Isaiah, hand raised over his head, eyes fixed on Eveie, and mouth clenched tight as he held a silver disk in his hand.  With one quick movement, he released the disk towards Eveie as Ella screamed wrapping her arms around her mother. 
Malachi yelled, pulling Ella away from Eveie and wrapped his arms around the screaming girl.  
Pushing Seth out of the way, and without thinking about what I was doing, I lunged towards Eveie.  The disk sliced through the air like a sizzling blade that I caught in my hand.  It cut into my skin, but I felt no pain, instead, I felt relieved I had saved Eveie.  
Standing in front of Eveie with my arm extended, I gazed into Isaiah's eyes.  I curled my fingers around the disk crumbling it like it was a giant cookie, letting the crumbs trickled from my hand to the ground.
"This is The Isle of Stars, and these are my lands you are treading on," I said, with an even voice, and a slight uncertainty that it was Ebony or Ezra that was talking, but I didn't sense them-only me and my words.  "You are here without permission and attempt to kill and make judgement on someone you know nothing about."
"What is the meaning of this?"  Isaiah extended his questioning gaze to Edan.  "Are you a part of this?!"  He yelled as more archangels all dressed in grey-white clothing that sparkled like flexible armor, came from behind Isaiah and looked at us with their penetrating eyes.   
I looked at them as they stood tall, strong and beautiful behind Isaiah.  I was in awe of their beauty-like statues that had come to life.  And then, through the crowd Yolanda and Ayil, who looked slightly out of place among them, stood beside Isaiah.
"Have you gone against me, and are taking the side of monsters and demons?"  Isaiah asked as I turned to Edan.
He didn't answer as his mouth trembled.  Nessa, with her white hair and strong eyes, stood beside Edan and slipped her hand into his with a disapproving look from his father.
"He can see things you fail to see.  You only see in black and white, good and bad, but there are the grey places that exist where true loyalty lives.  Eveie is a demon, but she is a good demon that not only saved the lives of the innocent, but helped protect us from the demons that could have taken over this world, and you'd be fighting right now."
He gave me a disgusted look.  "You know nothing, monster, or whatever mongrel you are."  Isaiah's mouth tightened as if he had eaten a whole lemon.  "Kill them all, and take my son.  I'll deal with him later."  Isaiah fixed his eyes on me.  "Keep her body-I want to dissect it later."
Yolanda and Ayil looked grimly at one another as the twenty or so archangels raised their swords and charged towards us.
As if something had suddenly exploded inside of me, I raised my hands and felt strength blossom in me like a geyser.  My thoughts ran wildly from the first Taking I did on the man in the alley, to the demon that I had barely touched his soul.  It was swirling inside of me like a tornado throwing around cars, destroying buildings and reining chaos in its path.
Stop, little Fae! 
A voice pierced through my head, but I ignored it as the army of archangels fell to the ground until all that was left was Isaiah.  I locked my eyes with his, and ignored everything around me as I put a shield up as I stood in front of him.
Fear erupted in his eyes as his army and weapons had turned useless to him.  It was just him and me.
"I could kill you now, and rid you of my lands, but I won't."  I kept my unblinking eyes entangled with his.  
"You've killed my army, and have taken my son," he breathed.
"Your army, I did not kill, and Edan made his own choice, and I'm giving you a choice as well."  I pulled closer to Isaiah-almost on the verge of doing a Taking, but different.  "Demons are still with us, and will keep trying to take over any lands they can.  We are strong, but stronger together." 
"Are you asking me for an alliance?"  He bitterly asked.  Isaiah's ego, even in a dangerous situation, knew no bounds.
"Like I said, I could take your energy and leave on the ground like crumpled paper waiting for the wind to blow it away."  I held my gaze.  "But you are Edan's father, and because of that reason too, I won't hurt you."
His mouth tightened.  "I've been around for hundreds of years.  I don't think a little mutant is going to bring me down."
I reached for his collar and lifted him up by it until his feet were off the ground. 
"It's the unexpected things that get us," I said as I reached farther into him just to give him a taste of what a Taking was like.   
Little Fae, stop!
Suddenly, the barrier I had put around Isaiah and I, shattered.  I let go of him as Rowain, the sky serpent, descended from the sky and with a glance of her colored eyes, casted me through the air and to the grassy knoll behind me.
Feeling a sudden weakness, I laid down on the ground as Malachi came to me.
"April," he said my name as he pulled me up.  
I looked to the sky to see more sky serpent, all translucent, flying in groups like liquefied clouds drifting in the blue sky.
The archangels slowly got up as the sky serpents darted towards them like angry hornets.
"You have proven yourself to us, April Snow, but they all must die as they are impure to us."  Rowain said as she took her silver talon and pierced it through Isaiah.

Seth

"No!"  Edan yelled as he ran to his father.
The sky serpents darted around us at first as I ran towards Ayil and Yolanda.
"Are you alright?"  I asked as they, along with the rest of Isaiah's stunned army, stood up and looked to the sky.
"Sky serpents," Yolanda said, with eyes wide on me.  "We can never fight them."
"How do we protect ourselves?"  Ayil asked.  "We'll never make it back to the portal."
Yolanda looked up at the sky filled with what looked like hundreds of sky serpents.  They haven't attacked us yet as the archangels in all of their white and silver, looked up at the serpents that glided past us as if waiting for us to make the first move.
"They won't attack us," Yolanda said, stepping out in the open as a sky serpent glided past her with a hard look of its large eyes bleeding with color absorbed from its surroundings.  
"I don't think hundreds of them would gather to not do anything."  Ayil stepped beside her and then turned towards the archangels.  "Draw your swords!"
"No! Don't!"  Yolanda desperately yelled as she waved her arms.
"What are we going to do, let them shish kabob us without so much as a fight?!"  Ayil glared at Yolanda as if she had gone mad.
"Yolanda's right," I said, as more sky serpents began to descend.  "They won't hurt us because they do not want a fight.  They want to see what we want to do.  If we fight, they will, if we don't, they won't."
"Are you an expert on sky serpents?"  Ayil asked with her hand on the hilt of her sword.  "We are outnumbered, but not by our enemy.  This is The Isle of Stars."  Yolanda looked at Ayil as if this should mean something.  "They would have killed us before we even stepped out of the portal."
"Father!"  I heard Edan yell as he knelt next to his father's body with April standing beside him and looking up at Rowain.  Nessa was beside Edan, and both looked down at Isaiah.
Rowian, with eyes fixed on April, suddenly took off leaving with a rush of wind.
"They've already killed one of ours?"  Ayil slid her eyes to Yolanda.
"Eveie!"  April yelled as she ran up to her and pushed the archangels that had surrounded the demon.
April took Eveie by the hand as the archangels showed no resistance, and went towards Isaiah. 
"She's going to heal him," Ella said, slipping up behind me.  
Ayil, Yolanda and I looked down at her as she smiled.  "That's what they want her to do."  Ella looked up at the sky as the sky serpents continued to encircle us, but showed no strike against us.  
Watching from where we stood, Eveie knelt on one side of Isaiah and April on the other.  Eveie looked down at Isaiah with compassion as she gently ran her hand over the side of his cheek, and then said something to April and then to Edan.  
Eveie took April's hand and placed it over Isaiah's fatal wound.  April closed her eyes as Eveie did the same and their hands, barely touching one another, glowed with a bright light.
I watched until the light grew so strong, it was like looking into the sun.  We all turned away to shield our eyes as the images of April, Eveie, Malachi, Nessa, and Edan faded into the light.  
Everything around us closed in as if a giant blanket encircled around us, and all we could hear was the sound of the sky serpents' wings beating like ceremonial drums.  I looked up to see several of the creatures gliding casually over us.  They were truly magnificent in all of their translucent beauty.
"April and Eveie has done them proud," Ella said, as the light began to fade. 
Yolanda and Ayil, along with the rest of the archangels, rubbed and tried to focus their eyes from the near blinding light.  When my eyes returned to normal, I ran up to them to see Isaiah blinking his eyes with confusion as Edan repeated his name over and over while thanking April and Eveie.
Ayil and Yolanda and all the archangels, surrounded the resurrected head archangel with  silent awe and the wings of the sky serpents still beating overhead.

April

"You have done well, young Fae," Rowain said, as she hovered over us.  "But your journey here has just begun, and there is much to learn from us.  Your father waits for you?time he has not much of."  Her eyes, colorful as they were, faded slightly.  "You will continue his reign as you have proven your worthiness to us.  You rid us of demons, released the one you had loved, and saved and reasoned with the angel that did not plan to do the same to you."
Bravery is nothing without thought.
Rowain said privately to me, and though I couldn't see her smile, or even if she could, I felt her warmth fill me.
You can come with me now.
"I will call for you soon.  Let me say goodbye to my friends," I said, as Rowain nodded and then took off.
I watched her go as I turned to see Malachi halfway up the hill.
"I think Isaiah must have at least thanked Eveie at least a half dozen times."  He pointed behind him.
I looked at them-angels, monsters and demons all standing beside one another.  "I never thought anything like this would ever happen to me.  All my life I felt I never belonged and I was a freak."  I kept my gaze on them, and then met Malachi's blue eyes and smiled.  All of my past worries and fears seemed to melt when I stared into his eyes.
"What," he said, with a laugh.
"You have amazing eyes," I said.
"So do you," he replied quickly.
"They're brown-nothing special there-they are the color of mud."
"Well, yeah, a good match, but where your eyes are the color of mud, as you compared them to, your wings, and what's in here," he patted his chest where his heart was, "surpasses any form of beauty this world has to offer."  Malachi's words where the most sincere words that I've ever heard.
I stepped closer, and let my lips brush past his.  We kissed as we did when we entered the portal at the night market in Nethopania, all tangled in the panels of colorful cloth.  It was at that moment everything changed, and nothing would ever be the same for me again.
When I planned my escape from Sunrise Acres, I just hoped to get a ride far away from there-never did I expect to find a monster that opened a world that I would never had guessed existed. 

Seth


"Well, where are you going to go now?"  Nessa asked.  
We stood on the steps on the Light Hall, on The Isle of Stars.  How many monsters have done that?  I thought to myself as I gazed at the forest in the distance, and then the jagged cliffs with waves that crashed into them.  
"I don't know," I said, with a shrug.  "Ayil invited me to join her in Iethia to train with her."  I looked at the magnificent pillars of clear stone that pulsated with dim light, and sat in rows as if they were frozen guards.
Nessa grabbed me by the chin.  "You have to let her go," she said, with a tilt of her head.  "You have to let Ezra go."

Ezra was still a part of April, but Nessa was right, I didn't want to leave her side.  Edan had invited Nessa to go with him to Shangri-La along with Isaiah and Yolanda.  
Eveie and Ella were to stay in their little home here on The Isle of Stars, as promised by the Fae.  
Malachi, being Ella's brother, was granted citizenship here by April's first official act.  
A new era between monsters, angels and even demons, had started.  Things were changing in our worlds, including Iethia, but I wasn't sure if I was ready for that change.  

"I knew you'd be here on some balcony overlooking the ocean."  A voice said behind me.
I turned to see April looking at me with Ezra's indigo eyes.
She stepped closer to me and then held out her curved arm and moved it in front of her face.  April's hair smoothed to lie like silk across her shoulders, and her wings faded behind her.  Ezra, as I remembered her, stood in front of me smiling.
"The ocean had always fascinated you."  Ezra wrapped her arms around me.
"It's you," I said, hugging her back.  "Come with me."  I wanted to say it, but knew it could never happen.
Ezra smiled.  "I am in April now, and it's her life that keeps me.  I am her guide and her strength-we can never be together, but my memory doesn't have to die."
"There has to be some way-maybe the Fae?"
"I can't stay long."  She looked into my eyes.  "I wanted to give you one last gift before I fell into silence."
She pulled me close and we kissed as everything faded around us except for the constant crashing of the waves and the wind curling around us as I clung to the last moments I had with her.
You will do great things Seth Fairstone-you will do great things?
 Her image faded as April's eyes opened, and she looked at me with slight confusion.
"Um, Ezra, was it?"  She uncomfortably asked, and I nodded.
"Thank you," I said.
April smiled as a woman dressed in a white gown and the same translucent wings behind her, asked April to follow her.
"It's my dad," she said, with a sigh.
"Is he?"
She shook her head.  "No, but he isn't well, and I've got a lot to learn from him."
I nodded my head as the Fae woman prompted April again with a timid voice.
"I'm working on something that would extend our relations to Atlantis."  She smiled.  "I never thought that place actually existed until Malachi told me about it, and everyone here confirmed it."  She slightly chuckled.  "Anyhow, if you don't have anything else going on?would you like to help with it-I don't have anything started yet, but?Ezra said you liked the ocean, and I've never been to Atlantis, obviously, but I'm pretty sure there's probably a lot of ocean going on there."  She shrugged her shoulders as her wings fluttered slightly behind her.
I smiled and searched her eyes for any spark of Ezra, but she was silent.  Ezra had given me one last gift-my dream of traveling to the ocean, and even though I wouldn't be with her, her gift would forever be with me.

Want more novels by M.M. Gavillet?
Visit her at her blog at
mmgavilletblogspot.com
or her facebook page
for new releases, chapter excerpts, and most importantly-giveaways!
Seriously, she has amazing giveaways.

Want More of the fae world
first chapter to
People of fae
book one in the
fae trilogy





Chapter One 
Eli

"Do you know where she is or not?  You know who I speak of," Eli demanded in a quiet whisper.  "Answer wisely."
The three fur covered creatures hovered before him growling their warning.  Bright, silver, vine like bars was the only separation between Eli and the beasts.  Their eyes of silver disks reflected the dimly lit dungeon.  Eli knew he had to be quick or he would be joining them in this dreadful place.  Guards would be coming soon and the last thing he wanted was to be in prison again.  
"Why should we tell you?" the largest of the three creatures asked staring at Eli.  "Give me a good reason.  I need some amusement, sentry."
Eli knew little of the nature of Mogs, and negotiation was not one of them.  If only she was easier to find and didn't mingle with these horrible creatures.  It was her nature to befriend the most unlikely creature and now Eli had to resort to getting information out of them. 
He had to come up with something without sounding desperate, even though he was.  He had to remain in control or he would get nowhere with the creature.  Mogs were short tempered and serve no one but themselves.  Eli remembered lost sentries get torn apart by them just for being in the wrong place at the wrong time.  But, he had no choice.  He owed something worse than a Mog.
The Mog snorted at him showing his sharp canine teeth.  Six silver eyes focused on him as he scrambled to think of something.  The creatures were not stupid, but they were very superstitious.  The Mog's nostrils of his flat, wide, lion-like nose flared slightly.  
"Did she tell you she has something that would interest you?"  Eli said quickly and caught the attention of the Mog.  He really didn't want it to come out like that, but he had to be enticing without revealing too much. "It is something of great power," Eli tried to say in a tantalizing voice.
The Mog stopped, slowly turned, andlowered himself to Eli's level.  With gleaming eyes, the Mog stared at Eli, wrapped his talon claws slowly around the metallic bars one by one, and glared at him.  Eli swallowed hard hoping the Fae made dungeon was strong enough for three Mogs.
"We don't associate with Faeish things.  You are trying to trick us into something.  Go away-or I'll have you as a play thing."
"I don't have time for trickery," Eli stated.  "This is something so great it could change the course of history.  And all you have to do is lead me to Lil." He hoped mentioning her name would persuade them.
"I don't care about history.  I want the sentry that put us here!"  The Mog growled showing his teeth and showering Eli with droplets of the beast's spit. He wiped his face and smiled at the Mog.
"That can be arranged," Eli said, in his most convincible tone.
The Mog looked at him for a moment then turned to the other two.  Growls and grunts came from their huddle.  Eli wished he could understand what they were saying.  Minutes went by and he grew impatient waiting for their decision.
"Come on, I don't have all day," Eli prodded as he paced the floor.
Eli turned to find the Mog peering at him through the bars.  Startled, he jumped with the Mog's smiling face staring back at him.  At least he thought it was a smile. It was hard to tell with their sharp teeth and flaring nostrils that looked more like a snarl.
"Fine, let us out," the Mog said.
"We have a deal then?"  Eli asked confirming it.
"Yes we want a sentry's blood in our mouth," the Mog replied.
"And you will track her for me?"
"We are good at tracking, we can find her easily."
Eli looked at them for a moment knowing this was his last chance at finding Lil. He had to trust them.  From his pocket, he took out a small black disk.  It had been years since he was actually a sentry and hoped it worked or he would be hunted by three angry Mogs.  Quickly, he slid it across the lock.  With a quiet click, the door swung open.  The beasts came out, walked past Eli, and peered at the darkened stairwell.
"Your word!"  Eli demanded thinking they were going to leave.
The lead Mog turned to Eli with crescent glowing eyes and a faint rumble vibrating from the beast's throat.  Placing his hand on a small dagger, he had under his cloak, Eli held it out in front of him towards the Mog.  The beast gave a deep, raspy chuckle with the other two behind joining in.
"Do you think a Fae piece of cutlery is going to stop us?"  The towering beast snarled.
"Your promise you have better keep.  I am not afraid to use my training in magic."  That was a lie.  Eli had not even an ounce of magic running through him.  His confident tone said otherwise.
"No exiled sentry can do magic, and I do believe your blood would satisfy my thirst for revenge."  The Mog bent down and advanced towards Eli.
Eli backed up with his insignificant dagger pointed at the towering Mog.  Six silver eyes glared at him.  He was cornered at his own doing.  Eli's desperation cost him his life he thought with the Mogs slowly coming closer.  He was not good at negotiations and he had better master the art quickly.  He had been in tighter situations than this he thought trying to calm himself.  He had to come with something quick.  
"Magic isn't something a sentry loses," a voice said to the right of Eli, "and can be used as he wishes."  The voice had a ring of authority to it that caught the Mogs' attention for a moment.
Eli could only see a shadowy figure standing in the middle of the cell beside him.  His crumpled shape slowly emerged from the darkness.  Shadows covered his true identity as the advancing Mogs paid no attention to the man Eli gazed at.  
"Go on sentry, show them who the boss is here," the man prodded in an almost amused voice. 
"Who are you?"  Eli had to inquire, now pinned against the slimy dungeon wall.
The man didn't answer as the lead Mog with gleaming eyes, claws extended, and sharp teeth all in view and ready to sink into his flesh.  Eli had nowhere to go thinking this was the end.  He extended his small dagger in front of him hoping to at least poke one of the Mog's eyes out.  Closing his eyes, Eli waited for the impact.  But instead of razor sharp teeth, fur and claws digging into him, he felt nothing.
Still holding his dagger in front of him, Eli slowly opened his eyes and saw the two remaining Mogs.  A fine, grey, glittering dust covered Eli and the ground around him.  The lead Mog had simply turned to dust.  They stood wide eyed with a baffled look on their face.  Eli equally surprised, looked over to the man standing beside him shrouded in darkness.
"I suggest you two listen to this powerful sentry or become dust yourself," the man said, retreating to the shadows when Eli stepped closer to the cell.
"Who are you?  What's your name?"  Eli asked peering into the blackness.
"I save your skin and now you demand to know my name?" the man replied in an insulted, hushed whisper as commotion of guards echoed in the stairwell.  "I suggest you go-I would hate to see you use any more magic on your once comrades."
Eli wanted to know who this man was and take him along.  Looking at the Mogs who stood side by side as if waiting for orders reminded Eli for a split moment of his past sentry days. That time was gone and he had no one to blame but himself.  He had to save the man who helped him.  He reached into his pocket, but his disk was gone.  Eli jerled on the cell door rattling it until dust settled around them.
"What are you doing?!"  The man yelled.  "Go or you will be joining me!" 
Reluctantly, Eli had to go to save his own skin.  He ordered the Mogs to go up the stairwell and take out any sentry in the way.  They seemed glad to do this as Eli turned one last time to the man whose face was voided in blackness. 
"Find her!"  He yelled out before retreating to the shadows, "find Lil!"
Despite the urgency to leave the prison, Eli was more intrigued to speak to the man rather than make a quick escape.
"Do you know her?"  Eli asked with no reply.  The man was gone absorbed into the darkness.  "I said do you know her?"  The man appeared to have vanished into thin air.
Eli had no choice but to leave the ghost of a man behind.  He knew her name or actually one of her alias.  Lil's plot thickened the more he dug.  Eli knew she wouldn't leave a straight path to find her.  He wasn't about to give up no matter how many twist and turns she threw at him.
Eli followed the Mogs bloody trail until he reached the street above.  More sentries would come and he ordered the two Mogs to run as fast as they could into the dreaded Shimmerick woods.  Not many would enter as all who did, were at the forests mercy.  Believed to be a gathering place of everything evil, Eli knew different.  It's just a forest shrouded in mystery and folklore.  Once he was out of prison, he spent many nights there in hiding and sure that those who were after him thought the forest would take care of him and they were right.  Still steeped in superstition, the sentries wouldn't venture here.  He could regroup and make his plan with a new army.

Eli kept up with the Mogs until he ordered them to stop.  They stood side by side.  Eli looked at them.  Their eyes were round and black, not silver disks of venom, their tawny mane that encircled their lion- like face gently floated in the breeze making it look silky and soft.  Now, they looked like somewhat gentle creatures, reasonable to deal with.  With the help of magic, that is.  
Eli wondered about the man in the dungeon and if he knew his intentions.  The man must know Lil well enough to know what he is after.  He had vanished into thin air, dissolved a very large Mog into dust and that could only point in one direction as his identity-he had to be a sorcerer of some sort, or maybe a warlock.
Eli didn't have time to deal with it right now.  He had to find Lil and his tracking machine stood before him.
"What does master want us to do now?"  One of the Mogs asked in a rough voice.
Eli gazed up at them.  "I want you to track the owner of this." Eli took from the side pouch a leather shoe, delicate and unadorned with a pointed toe.
The Mogs naturally good at tracking, bent down took in a deep breath inhaling her scent that reminded Eli of lilacs.  He wasn't sure if the Mogs interpreted her like that, but he couldn't help to think of how she felt in his arms.  Quickly, he put the boot away along with his remaining memories of the past.
"We know of her.  She's in the Etherworld," the Mog said.
"The Etherworld?"  Eli said turning from them.
A distant land of Faeish past, the Etherworld was a place they once thrived until magic was discovered.  It isn't spoken of much and deemed an undesirable place to spend much time in. Etherworlders are not the same creed of the superior Fae. Fae are the holders of all magical implements and therefore chosen, superior and unbreakable.  It was the Fae who controlled the magic. Etherworlders had no business with it.  Their ignorance and misuse of the element was put to a stop by the Fae who hid it.  The Fae used it to create their world sealed from Ehterworlders.  The rest is nothing more than myth and legend for Etherworlders.  A perfect place to hide, Eli thought with a curled smile.  
Lil was always associating with all sorts of creatures and Fae society.  She had many allies as well as enemies.  Eli felt he fell somewhere in the middle of that spectrum.  He had to push his feeling away and focus on finding her and making things right.
"Take me to her."  Eli commanded.
The Mog with the lighter mane smiled slightly, grasped Eli by the back collar, and hoisted him up onto his back.  Eli nearly fell off the other side and only managed to hang on by clutching the beast's fur. 
"Hang on Master!"  The Mog yelled jolting into the darkness of the low limbed forest.
Eli had never ridden a Mog before but knew to hang on tight.  The sharp, precise movements around trees and boulders were razor sharp.  The Mog's stamina didn't quit until sunrise. They stopped at the forest edge.  Eli dismounted, his muscles aching from hanging on so long, but it was worth it.  He looked over a ruined city he'd never seen before.  
Ancient stones crumbled to the ground in the quiet landscape that once looked as though it housed hundreds of Fae in its deteriorating grand structures.
"Where are we?"  Eli asked looking at the grey stones.
"The First City," The lighter mane Mog said.
"Arrinia," Eli said looking at the ruins, "The First City of Fae."
Eli had never seen it, but heard of its existence.  It was the first city build by the escaping Faes from the Etherworld.  Magic ran wild creating the lands for them that they learned to live in.  Now, Eli was looking at a fabled legend of Faeish past and it was real.  
"Lil knew of this place and never told me."  Eli clenched his fists controlling a ping of anger that flowed through him.
"She knows lots of things," the lighter mane Mog said.  "The portal is over there."
Eli followed the Mogs extended talon towards an arched stone sculpture.  It sat in the middle of the ruins untouched by time or weather.  Eli walked closer to it with the Mogs behind him.  There were no markings on the grey stones, but something radiated from it. 
Humming filled his ears, the ground beneath his feet trembled slightly, Eli looked at the arch feeling it was filled with life; almost a being of its own.  
"It leads to the Etherworld."  Eli stated looking up at the oblivious Mogs.  "We are at a threshold between worlds."
Eli shook his head at their blank expressions.  He couldn't expect Mogs to understand what was before them.  Lil was there in the Etherworld and what she had he wanted not only to save her, but destroy something before it blossomed.  Eli looked at the simple arch, the gateway to a world forgotten, and now lived with the fables of its very own past.
"Take me to her."  He stated.
Eli again was placed on the back of the Mog and before he could say a word they jolted through the arch with a blinding light into the Etherworld.
Lyssa
Lyssa Cleverthorn had never been to a funeral before in any of her seventeen years.  She'd never thought of going to one either.  It's something that's supposed to happen to old people, not someone her own age.
The diminutive town of Briarwood, Illinois was shaken to its core just a few days ago when a girl's body was found along the marshy banks of a slough off the Mississippi River.  She was badly beaten and almost torn to pieces that dental records had been used for identification. 
Rumors flew like squawking blackbirds through town.  Everything from drug trafficking to relations with the mob was speculated by the town's people.  The authorities quickly came to the conclusion that it was a mountain lion attack.
Mountain lions are the big rage now and said to be just a rumor, but large tracks had been found and livestock attacked proved otherwise.  The girl was simply in the wrong place at the wrong time-a victim. The town where you could leave your door unlocked at night or parents letting their children run around freely has ceased.  A blanket of uncertainty had wrapped around the community. 
Lyssa dressed in a pair of black pants and a crinkly black shirt looked outside from her second story bedroom window.  She usually loved this time of year.  Trees changing into brilliant oranges, reds and yellows are the mark of autumn.  A grim presence has replaced the fondness she once had for this changing season.
Stepping away from the window, she looked at herself in the mirror.  Lyssa pulled up her curly, shoulder length, brown and very unruly hair with a rhinestone clip allowing a few wild strands to hang freely.  She put more powder on her pale skin and tried to cover the hundreds of thousand freckles that she hated-every last one of them.  Even when told they were Angel Kisses by Zoey, her dad's ex-girlfriend couldn't convince her.  No matter how much she liked Zoey.
The funeral wouldn't start for another hour.  Lyssa plopped on her bed and looked up at the grey sky through her skylight.  She missed Zoey.  Lyssa could talk to her about anything just like a real mom. 
Lyssa's mother died when she was just a tiny baby.  A house fire claimed her, only Lyssa and her dad were spared.  With her mother gone before she even knew her, a black void was always there waiting to be filled.  She thought Zoey was that filling, but like all the others, she left too.
Holding onto a worn out teddy bear, Lyssa decided to comfort herself by going through her "moms" in chronological order. 
Julie was a teacher who helped her through grade school, Samantha a hairstylist that showed Lyssa how to do hair and make-up, Rebecca a chef that now has her own restaurant in New York told her all things are possible if you want them and gave her one recipe on how to make wicked good apple turnovers. The last of her "moms" was Zoey-everything she ever wanted in a mom.
Zoey had no special degree or important job.  She liked to sing, tell stories and go on walks.  She listened to Lyssa no matter how stupid it was or insignificant.  Zoey seemed to relish it, living each day as if it was the last until one day it was.  
A note left on the kitchen counter explained unresolved issues from Zoey's past had to be dealt with and she'd be back soon.  That had been a year ago.  Lyssa didn't hate her for this.  All of her "moms" left at one point, but she felt a piece of her was gone, incomplete and left to die on the vine.  Lyssa would survive though, as she always did.
Her dad is what you would just call a father figure.  He didn't play ball with her when she was little and barely made it to any school functions when she was grade school.  He provided the necessary material things, but something about him seemed distant.  
He was never mean-just never there and a perfect equation for the freedom every sixteen year old craves.  That would be great, but Lyssa wanted something more.  She wanted the connection that never sparked between father and daughter. 
Why couldn't he have just hung on to Zoey and she might still be here.  Maybe he had so many girlfriends for her benefit, to teach her things he couldn't.  Did he care that much? Talking to her dad was like talking to the refrigerator.  It opened and the light was on, but it was always cold and just functional-nothing more. 
The hour of reflection had come to an end and Lyssa went downstairs.  She put on her black wool pea coat Samantha gave her.  Every girl has to have one because it goes for about every occasion Samantha told her.  This was the first occasion she's wearing it to.   Lyssa then walked into the cool autumn air.  Grey clouds lingered refusing to give way to the brilliant blue underneath it.
Lyssa's house was on the edge of city limits where it opens to the rural areas surrounding Briarwood.  Her rugged A frame house with a split rail fence was surrounded by thousands of flowers, shrubs and other flowering things.  Her dad was obsessed with plants or actually whatever blooms or has leaves.  She often wished her dad would treat her like he did his plants-with love and nurturing.  But Lyssa is't a plant and has no leaves.
The funeral home was a few blocks away, but she made it in good time.  It was crowded as expected.  She got in line to get in where it was standing room only. 
Bright flowers blanketed the inside in contrast to the black clothed sea of people.  It was dimly lit and pictures of the girl slowly shifted on a large T.V.  Pictures shifted from family, friends, school events, her pets, to vacations all of them she was smiling.  It appeared to Lyssa she had a full life that was cut short.  She didn't really know the girl personally, but seen her at school and she always seemed happy.  "I would be happy to die if I had an ounce of her family life."  Lyssa thought to herself, even though it was morbid. 
Mournful gasps, along with soft crying, mingled with the gentle music playing overhead.  Lyssa couldn't cry for the girl even though she felt bad that she'd never go to college, have a family of her own and grow old with someone she loved.  Lyssa opened the folded piece of paper she was given when she came in.  The girl's picture was on the front and inside told about how she enjoyed basketball, cheerleading, animals and 4-H.  Her name was Lynsay Montgomery and she was too young to die.
Lyssa stood in the back as she saw people from her class. A quiet somber filled the air.  Alone, and quietly tilting her head down as prayers were spoken and stories fondly remembering the girl said with sobs of sadness and poems trying to give comfort to those who suffer her loss.  Lyssa felt bad but couldn't cry.  She didn't know the girl very well and really doesn't belong to any of the cliques at school.  She's like the weird, dark colored puzzle piece that you know doesn't belong to the beach scene puzzle, but to some other puzzle.  Lyssa has yet to find that box and she is beginning to think she will never will.
Suddenly she felt eyes on her.  Lifting her head she glanced to the right then left to find the most magnificent green eyes looking at her.  They held her for only a moment and then like a summer cloud drifting across the sky, they leave her with a bag of mixed emotions.  
Those mysterious pools of green eyes belong to Toby.  Her face flushed and hormones raced.  She has liked him for a long time and before her emotions got away she remembered where she was at-a funeral of a girl her age.
Lyssa pulled her eyes away and glanced at the ground.  She then lifted her eyes to Toby one more time as subtle as she could.  He wasn't looking at her so she lets her eyes rest on him for a moment longer.  
His hair was the color of chocolate and his eyes look like uncut gems that leave you mesmerized.  Lyssa never talked to him, but lately she had caught him looking at her in not just a casual way, but something different.  
She looked one more time at Toby hoping to catch him in a glance.  Instead, her eyes met with his girlfriend, Megan.  She was blonde, popular and beautiful.  Lyssa quickly looked away.  She could never compete with her.
Lyssa discretely moved closer to the exit and left, but not before she said a small prayer for the girl who she couldn't cry for.  She wasn't sure if she felt wrong for not crying, but she still felt the same sorrow for the girl and her family.  With a silent "amen" she left into the grey covered sky.
She couldn't stop thinking about Toby.  How their eyes met in the most sudden and enchanting way that could lead to conversation, but never did.  It's just as well.  Toby is beautiful and perfect along with his beautiful and perfect girlfriend.  They are Barbie and Ken and she is the generic, spinoff of a dime store Barbie with the dumb expression on her face, not nice like the genuine one.  She's a Barbie wannabe.  Lyssa put her thoughts away.  She had to think of something else to cool her emotions.  She still hadn't planned anything for dinner yet-that would take the edge off her feelings as well as doing the dishes afterwards.  
The clouds thickened letting a few drops of rain fall to the ground.  A large drop went splat right on top of Lyssa's head.  It ran down the back of her neck making her shiver. She pulled her coat tighter. The well-manicured lawns, paved roads and security of people close by gave way to fenced pasture grounds and slightly brushy areas with tall grass and a thicket of thorny hedge trees now lined the road. 
Lyssa house was more than a block away.  Distant thunder rumbled threatening the promise of rain.  Lyssa feared her wool pea coat would be ruined if she got caught in the rain.  Quickening her pace, she thought she heard the patter of feet behind her.  She stopped, looked around and saw nothing.  Again, another raindrop plopped on her head.  Again from behind a warning of something more than just thunder-something was in the tall swaying grass. 
Growling erupted from the thick timber.  Lyssa couldn't see what it was, but it was coming in her direction.  The strengthening wind broke a dead limb that was quickly swallowed by the tall delicate grass. More growls and what she thought must be paws of an animal thumped on the ground.  Her heart pounded in her chest.  Whatever it was definitely was coming after her and all she could think was mountain lion. 
Reports of Lynsay Montgomery's death ran through her head.  Her body was practically mauled, only identified through dental records, Lyssa's dad who never paid any attention to her, would he even know she was gone?  Only if there was no food in the house.  
She ran as fast as she could in her slightly heeled boots.  Her run felt like she was in a nightmare when you couldn't run any faster than a walk no matter how hard you tried.  Rain began to come down in a steady pace.  
She didn't look behind her, only kept her eyes fixed on the road and then her front door.  The patter of feet thumped like a heart behind her throwing gravel into the air with each step.  With her door in sight, she turned the knob thankful she forgot to lock it and slammed it shut.  
Leaning against it she caught her breath.  Everything was quiet except for the rain outside.  Lyssa felt stupid and shook her head laughing slightly at her own imagination.  Why would a mountain lion be in this area anyhow?  They like seclusion, to be sneaky and not seen by people.  Her and her stupid scaredy cat imagination.  Then something thumped on the door.  Lyssa held her breath and whatever it was began to scratch desperately.  The scratching stopped followed by a pitiful meow.
"Beyoncé," Lyssa said opening the door to her tabby cat.
She picked up Beyoncé scratching her head as she purred.  "Sorry kitty," she said letting the cat down. 
The cat jolted as soon as Lyssa let go of her.  A cold wind gust funneled through the open door, Lyssa turned to shut it when all she seen was fur, teeth and claws coming at her.  She fell to the hard wood floor with a thud.  She would have screamed, but the air had been knocked from her lungs.
Eli
"The Body of Lynsay Montgomery was found Sunday along the banks of the Mississippi River.  Her body brutally mutilated by what authorities believe was an animal attack.  The town of Briarwood mourns for such a young life lost and police are searching for the animal that had done this.  Police warn residents to take precautions especially with small pets and children."  Eli read from an old discarded newspaper.  "Animal attack," he said questioning the papers words.
"Stop with the language of Etherworldsers!  It hurts our ears!"  The Mog held his head in about the spot his ears would be.
"Please don't torture us!"  The lighter mane Mog said.
Eli looked at them holding their heads and slightly moaning.  He let the paper go floating to the litter covered ground.  Looking around at the overgrown landscape of weeds and twisted trees dotted with loose bits of paper, boxes and other unidentifiable things, some fresh and some half rotting, Eli thought Etherworlers are dirty beings with little regard to their homes.  How could they do such a thing to their very own home?  He had better hopes for them, but his first impression was that they simply don't care.  He didn't either; he was here for only one thing.
"You idiots," Eli said bringing the Mogs superstition induced ailment to an end.  "This is the same language as the Fae. It won't hurt you."  The Mogs slowly removed their hands from their heads.
"Do you still have her scent?"  Eli asked getting back to business.
"It,s faint, but goes in that direction."  They both pointed behind Eli.
Eli turned and went up the steep incline to the crest on the hill.  A forest sat in front of him all thick and untamed.  The littered ground seemed to only be contained within the hole they stood in.  At least Etherworlders keep their rubbish in one place and didn't live in it.  For a moment he wondered about them, did they have any Faeish qualities to them?  Were there any influences that they hung on to all of these years or were the Fae just a myth to them now?  Eli wanted to ponder this, but his business was with Lil and getting back what he had set out to get.  
"Follow it."  Eli commanded as the lighter mane Mog smiled whisked him off his feet and onto its back.
Eli clung to the thick haired Mog.  The Mogs darted around trees, crisscrossed paths like they were enjoying themselves.  They were more likely trying to get rid of him hoping a low branch would come in contact with his head.  He would have to put a stop to their reckless travel.
The forest became less dense and Eli ordered them to stop.  He got off and looked around wondering if he was close to the Etherworlders village, city or whatever living arrangements they had built themselves.  
Suddenly, a single voice echoed in the distance caught his attention.  The voice was masculine in sound and seemed to be addressing a large group of Ehterworlders from his tone.  Eli followed the voice until he barely came to the forests edge.  They were dressed in black and a group of them were carrying a large wooden box.  They embraced one another, crying and throwing flowers on the box as it went by.  Eli took a step back and looked at the scene in front of him.  The ground covered in rows of grey stones with markings on them, the wooden box and flowers.  
"The scent was strong here master.  It is gone now," The lighter mane Mog said stepping forward.
Eli motioned for to step back as he took one last look at the funeral procession.  Faes did the same thing only they committed their dead to the ground in a different way.  Compassion must still exist between Etherworlders, Eli turned away looking up at the Mogs.
"Find another scent.  I want her," Eli said, determined to stop at nothing. 
Toby
Toby looked around to see if Lyssa was still there.  Her petite stature was easily swallowed up by the gauntly dressed people.  He tried to be discreet so Megan wouldn't notice.  After about a half an hour, he realized Lyssa must've gone.  
 Looking down at Megan's hand interlocked with his, he wondered what was wrong with him.  Lyssa Cleverthorn was a quiet, short and plain Jane of a girl, that is until he looked into her eyes.  
It was English Lit, and for no reason he looked back at her.  Their eyes met on cue.  Lyssa's eyes were the color of a summer blue sky, the kind of day so nice; you wish you could bottle it up and open in the middle of winter.  It was a poetic thought and appropriate for Lit class, but it went deeper than that.  Toby felt a string, thin and delicate as a spiders silk connected them.  
He looked at her in a new light.  Her hair had a reddish cast of copper flecks, especially in the sun, her delicate frame reminded Toby of his mother's figurines of fairies that she had in her curio cabinet.
 Lyssa wasn't like the girls he usually dated with make-up always on and perfect, the clothes they wore were skin tight and revealing, pushing the dress code to the limit.  Lyssa didn't fit the mold, but something deeper got his attention when he looked into her eyes.
Toby tried so many times to stop, but couldn't, something spark in him and he had no control over it.  He closed his eyes erasing her image and looked over at Megan to replace it.  She smiled at him as he looked her up and down.
"Let's go," Megan whispered in his ear.
"Go where?"  Toby asked whispering in her ear and smelling her sweet perfume.
"If you have to ask?"  Megan playfully said running her finger down the front of his shirt allowing it to fall short of the top button of his pants.

Heron Lake's blue water reflected the oranges, reds and yellows of the trees framing it.  The park is a major attraction for people during the summer with fishing, boating, and swimming.  Now is sits vacant and quiet, perfect for couples in love to make love without being disturbed. 
Toby parked his truck overlooking Lake Heron on one of the many lookout points.  Megan slid her hand over his arm and started to unbutton his shirt.  Gently she kissed his stomach making it tickle slightly under her touch.  This usually excited him, but his mind was a million different personalities away from Megan.  
Toby thought Megan was the perfect girlfriend, tall, blonde, a hot body and willing to have sex at the drop of a hat.  He had only dated a few girls before Megan and she was nothing like them.  She had something different that he couldn't place.  It was in her voice, the way she walked and the way she barely touched his skin that electrified him.  She made the first advances and like a little lap dog, Toby went along with whatever Megan wanted.  He didn't know why and it irked him that she had that power over him.  He simply couldn't say no. Until only a few weeks ago, Megan was the only girl he really cared to look at then something changed.  Internally a match was lit one day when he looked at Lyssa.  
"Oh, I almost forgot.  We are going to the movies with Jake and Ann tonight.  Pick me up at eight," Megan said with her hair nearly covering her face sitting in front of Toby.  "You need a bigger truck," She said hitting her elbow on the window.
"I am hanging out with Craig tonight," Toby said feeling his plans already shattered.  "And my truck is just fine."  He added.
"Geez," Megan said playfully.  "Don't get all hissy on me."  She smiled and kissed him hard on the mouth.
Megan then started undoing his jeans, running her hand down the crease of his leg.  Normally this would be perfect, except they just came from a funeral of a classmate and with Toby's mixed emotions it just didn't feel right.
"Stop," Toby finally said.
"Why?"  Megan asked almost insulted.
Toby ran his fingers through his hair, buttoned his shirt and gently moved Megan off of him as she huffed in protest.
"We just came from a funeral, Lynsay Mongomery's funeral," Toby said starting the truck.
"Yeah, well I'm sorry she's dead, but she was a bitch and she always wanted you."  Megan's pouty lips curled into a pouty smile.
Toby looked out the window, shook his head and put the gear lever into reverse.  He could feel Megan glare at him.  
"You are so lame," Megan said defining each word as if trying to insult him. It didn't work.  He only gave a chuckle; Megan didn't even know the meaning of lame.
They rode in silence.  Toby didn't want to talk to Megan and glanced over at her a couple of times.  Sitting with her arms crossed she looked like a spoiled child.  Megan was just that a spoiled child that he had as a hot girlfriend; a trophy he could show off.  Yeah the sex was great, but he needed something more than that.  For the first time in Toby's life being shallow wasn't deep enough.
Megan left with a slam of the door and Toby left with his tires spinning gravel.  The more he thought of Megan the more he began to not like her even though she was good looking.  She was selfish and heartless not to mention cold.  He knew Lynsay liked him and he knew Megan hated her, but to say something bad about her was disrespectful.  Toby couldn't stand it anymore.  Driving around town he stopped and got something to drink at Wild Bill's Gas Station and drove some more.
His aimless drive led to where the pavement ends and the openness of pasture grounds replace the cookie cutter ranch style homes that sit all in neat rows.  He had been thinking about Lyssa more and more wondering what she was like.  She was mysterious and quiet, uncharted ground for Toby who never really had a relationship based on anything but sex, drinking and partying.  She was none of this and for some reason captivated him.  In front of a Yield sign he looked down the desolate, gravel road that led to Lyssa's house.
Lyssa
Lyssa screamed with her hands pushing against the animal.  A very wet and sandpaper like tongue ran over her cheek.  The beast that chased her all the way down the gravel road was Sam the yellow, three legged lab that belonged to her neighbor.  He was only a puppy when he lost his leg when the mailman's truck ran him over and is none the slower as a result of it. 
Lying on the floor Lyssa's heart raced at the sound of Sam's feet scratching against the floor.  Lyssa put her hands to her forehead knowing she'd better get the cat chasing dog before he destroyed the house.
"Lyssa are you O.K.?"  A concerned voice said in front of her.
Quickly removing her hand she looked up at the most mesmerizing pair of green eyes.  Did she hit her head too hard or was Toby really standing in front of her?  She could feel her face flush with blood and then jumped to her feet with her heart pounding.  Lyssa didn't know what to say as she stood with gaping mouth and dog slobbers on her cheek.
"Toby," His name felt good rolling off her tongue.  "What are you doing here?"  Lyssa felt confused enchantment take over.
Toby looked baffled like she was asking him a trick question.  "I was, umm, just, uh, driving by and seen your door open."
Lyssa was filled with everything going on around her.  She could hear the drama of the cat and dog chase behind her and ignored it staring into Toby's eyes.  He looked really good in black with his broad shoulders and slightly wavy brown hair the color of a Hersey's Kiss.
"You might want to get your dog," Toby said pointing behind her.
"He isn't mine; he's the neighbors' dog," Lyssa corrected him just before the crashing of glass broke not only a vase but the enchantment Toby had on her.
Lyssa turned to see Beyoncé clinging to the curtain, claws embedded into the thick material with Sam barking beneath her declaring victory.  
"Sam!"  Lyssa yelled getting the dog's attention.
Grabbing the leash she kept for emergencies like this, she went over to Sam who sat on the floor with big, innocent, brown eyes.
"Bad dog," she said putting the leash around Sam's neck.
Lyssa looked back towards the door at Toby who stood looking at her.  Why had Toby come to her house now?  Just driving by and seen her door open isn't something that needs investigating.  Lots of people leave their door open.  
"Do you need any help?"  He asked stepping in and petting Sam.
"Well, you could hold Sam for a moment while I pry my cat from the curtain," Lyssa said handing him the leash. She was embarrassed, but what was she going to do.
Her hand glided past his and in that one moment she felt a spark run through her.  Quickly she turned from him and paw by paw releasing Beyoncé from the curtain. The tabby cat ran off and hid with only one bark from Sam.
"Thanks," Lyssa said taking the leash from Toby.
"So does this happen a lot?"  He waved his finger in the air.
"Only when Sam gets the urge to chase my cat," Lyssa said petting Sam behind the ears which led to him rolling to the ground belly up, legs bent expecting a belly rub.
"Sam!"  Lyssa said pulling on the leash.  "Get up boy."
The dog didn't listen even when she pulled on the leash.  Lyssa was embarrassed as Sam lay on the floor not listening.  She usually played with him a little before taking him home, but with Toby there she felt like dragging him out.  Lyssa continued to pull on the leash telling the stubborn dog to get up. 
"Come on Sam," Toby suddenly said walking towards the door.
The dog listened to the command without hesitation.  Lyssa stood baffled.  Toby could have any girl at school, was liked by teachers and perfectly gorgeous.  Now he can make deaf command dogs listen in a heartbeat.  
"You just have to make them listen to you," Toby said with a smile.
"You were just lucky," Lyssa said with a slight scowl not knowing why she did.
They took Sam outside, Toby handed her the leash, their eyes met.  Sam sat beside Toby with his tongue hanging out watching them to see what would happen next.  Lyssa wondered the same thing only she kept her tongue in her mouth.
"I have to get Sam home," Lyssa said breaking the silence.  "Thanks for helping me him." 
"No problem.  I was glad I drove by," Toby said as he put the tailgate down.  "Do you want a ride to your neighbor's house?  We can put Sam in the back of the truck."
"No he hates vehicles," Lyssa said looking down at his three legs.  "He lost his leg to the mailman's truck a long time ago and you can't get him to ride in a truck."  No sooner had she said that than Sam bolted for the truck jumped in and looked back at Lyssa as Toby petted him.  She wasn't buying Sam any more dog treats with her own money again.
Lyssa stood amazed eating her own words as Toby laughed.
"It isn't funny.  Sam is scared of vehicles.  I've never seen him ride in one." Lyssa looked at the tail wagging dog that had leaped into the truck bed.
"Get in," Toby said with a wave of his hand.  Was she supposed to leap in the vehicle as well?  This unexpected event had her confused, angered and absolutely astatic.  
Lyssa got in the truck feeling like she shouldn't.  The lingering smell of Megan's perfume was a reminder that Toby had a girlfriend and Lyssa wasn't it.  Toby was just driving by saw an open door, investigated it, helped her with Sam who made a fool out of her and that was it.  Surely she had just entered an alternate world and was living a different version of Lyssa Cleverthorn's life.  
"I take it that Sam is Mr. Johnson's dog."  Toby asked letting his truck creep down the road.
"Oh, yeah, Sam, he belongs to Mr. Johnson."  Lyssa is still a nerd even if this is her alternate life.
Mr. Johnson is an old man with a large garden and lives by himself.  His wife died a few years ago and now he grows produce to sell at the local farmer's market.  Pulling up in front of a two story, white farm house, Sam leaped from the truck to greet his owner.  Dressed in bib overalls and a ball cap advertising seed corn, Mr. Johnson waved at Toby and Lyssa as Sam barked at them.  
Darkness slowly crept in turning the sky to indigo blue mixed with fiery oranges.  Everything about this day seemed not real to Lyssa.  Lynsay Montgomery funeral, Sam scaring her and now Toby coming to her house to help her with the neighbor's dog; everything was surreal.  
"Sam is an amazing dog; you know only having three leg," Toby said suddenly evidentially thinking about Sam.
"Yeah, he's an amazing dog."  She replied thinking of the glass she had to clean up when she got home-amazing.
"It was a sad funeral."  Toby continued.  "It's going to be weird to not see Lynsay at school."
Lyssa looked at Toby.  She really didn't know her, but just being around someone your own age who is now gone is weird. 
"Yeah, it doesn't seem possible.  The whole town has change,." Lyssa said, keeping the conversation going even though it involved the grim topic of death.
"Do you ever buy any of Mr. Johnson's strawberries?"  Toby suddenly asked.
"I usually help pick them and they are pretty good,"  Lyssa replied feeling the conversations was like being on roller coaster.  
Lyssa looked over at Toby and smiled and then out the window watching her house go by.
"Hey, don't forget to drop me off!"  Lyssa was jolted forward when Toby slammed the brakes on.
She sat up and realized she smacked her head on the dash.  Gingerly she touched her forehead and felt a bump already.
"Are you alright?"  Toby asked turning to her.
"Fine," she said getting out of the truck quickly.  "Thanks for the ride."
She began to walk up her sidewalk when from nowhere came a large blackened figure.  She screamed at the same time the figure had its hands raised and growled at her.  Just as fast as it came out of the bush it was laughing at her removing the rubber werewolf mask from his head.
"That was perfect!"  Craig said bending slightly and laughing at her.  "Perfect."
Craig was tall with short blonde hair that stood out from his black clothes.  His broad stature skidded past Lyssa to Toby's truck.
"I thought you were coming to my house.  I had to follow you here.  What's up?"  Craig said getting in the truck.
Lyssa could see Toby lean over and look as though he was going to say something to her, but before he did Lyssa quickly went into her house and locked the door.  She could hear Toby's truck drive away.  It was nothing more than a prank Lyssa thought.  Why else would Toby Winslett bother to come by her house?  

Lyssa cleaned up the glass, made dinner that she ate alone and then went upstairs to get a shower.  She looked at herself in the mirror. A small bruise looked back at her that she got in Toby's truck

About the Author

M.M. Gavillet lives in west central Illinois with her husband, two children, one dog, three cats, several ducks and two demanding guinea pigs where she drinks more tea than any sane person should and likes to play in the dirt planting flowers. She has been spinning stories since she was little, but only recently discovered her passion for writing.


