

Dating Dilemma

Book 1



Published by Violet Star Publishing.
United Kingdom
Category: Teenage, Fiction
First published in e-book format 2013
Copyright Michelle Leyland © 2013
Cover design by Robin Ludwig Design Inc
www.gobookcoverdesign.com

Background © Givaga on Dreamstime.com
Vanessa model © Agencyby on Dreamstime.com
Gina model © Martin Applegate on Dreamstime.com
Chloe model © Paffy1969 on Dreamstime.com
Kate model © Martin Applegate on Dreamstime.com

ISBN : 978-0-9926320-1-4

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, events or locales is entirely coincidental.

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or in any form or by any means, without the prior permission in writing of the author, nor be otherwise circulated in any form of binding or cover other than that in which it is published and without a similar condition including this condition being imposed on the subsequent purchaser.
Contents:

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Cool guide for flirting and dating
Quiz: Which character are you?
Cool Dictionary
About the Author
Book by Michelle Leyland
Chapter 1


"What took you so long?" I demand to Kate, who has finally arrived at McDonalds. Her brown hair is tied up in a messy ponytail and she's wearing her football t-shirt, tracksuit pants and trainers.
"Coach wanted us to do extra practice 'cause we've got a game coming up," she answers, looking pretty tired as she slumps herself into the empty seat next to me.
It's Tuesday evening, so we're here at McDonalds to hang out after school as usual and have dinner together. My other two best friends, Gina and Chloe, have been for a quick look around the shops with me, before we waited for Kate at McDonalds for the last half an hour.
I feel so relieved that Kate's finally here. Gina is busy texting her boyfriend Lee. She has dark, twisty hair that reaches her shoulders and looks great. 
Chloe is equally busy eyeing up a fit guy serving at the counters. Chloe is one of those really pretty girls who always look perfect. She has straightened, long blonde hair, blue eyes and looks like a model, even when she's wearing her school uniform.
As for me, I have light brown, short hair and green eyes, but I'm more ordinary looking. I look boring against Chloe and Gina, so no potential guys around here will notice me.
"Hey, guess what?" Kate begins excitedly. "Jamie's joined our team."
I can't help but grin as I see her eyes light up with happiness. Jamie's been her crush for a few weeks now and so far she's had no chance to talk to him, so I feel pleased for her.
"Are there any other fit guys on your team?" asks Chloe, suddenly showing us more interest instead of the McDonalds guy. "I've been single for ages and I'm dying to have a boyfriend again."
I roll my eyes. Chloe's only been single for three weeks, which to me is hardly any time at all, since I haven't even had a boyfriend yet.
"I guess so," answers Kate vaguely. "You should come to one of our games and check 'em out. There might even be one for you, Ven," she says looking at me.
I blush. Even if there was a guy I like on her team, I would be so hopelessly shy that there's no point trying. If any good looking guy comes anywhere near me, I suddenly get tongue-tied and blush so much I look like a tomato.
"There's no way I'm standing around in a muddy field watching you kick a ball around," protests Chloe, wrinkling her nose. "I don't know how you stand playing in it."
"It's not the end of the world to get dirty y' know," Kate reminds her. "Anyway, football is fun."
"Yeah right," says Chloe, making it obvious that she hates all sports and thinks they're pointless.
"I think it's really cool for Kate," Gina finally speaks as she puts down her mobile. "I mean, she gets to hang out with guys all the time. How lucky is that?"
"It's okay for you, you're not looking," Chloe reminds her, sounding quite jealous.
Gina has been in a relationship with Lee for just over a year now. Even I admitted to Chloe and Kate that I'm pretty jealous too, although I would never tell Gina that. She's one of my best friends and I'm happy for her. I just really wish I had a relationship like hers.
"Anyway, it's not as if Kate's been so lucky with guys," remarks Chloe.
I think she's starting to get a bit jealous of Kate now. She is pretty close to a lot of guys at our school, although like me she hasn't had a boyfriend yet.
"That's 'cause they're my mates," protests Kate. "I've only ever fancied Jamie."
"Did you manage to talk to him today?" I ask her.
"No, not really," she answers. "I feel nervous around him." 
That's very strange for Kate, since she can easily chat away to any guy. I think Chloe has just realized Kate's gift to talk to guys the same time as I do, because her eyes quickly light up with excitement.
"Since you're so good with guys, Kate; could you ask that guy over there for his number for me?" Chloe asks her.
"No way," answers Kate. "Do it yourself."
"I can't do it myself. The whole point is you're supposed to go up to him, say I fancy him and hopefully get his number," Chloe explains. "Please do it for me? He's so hot."
"I said no, and anyway he'll probably give it to you soon without my help," replies Kate.
As much as we all secretly hate it, Chloe is a boy magnet. She always has guys admiring her and has even managed to have six boyfriends so far, which is more than me, Kate and Gina put together.
Chloe looks annoyed at Kate's answer, "Well let's hope so 'cause I'm tired of being single," she moans again.
'Me too' I think to myself, but I don't want to say it out loud like Chloe.
"It's not all great having a boyfriend y' know," Gina tells her. "They let you down and say stupid things."  
"Yeah, boyfriends aren't everything," agrees Kate.
"Oh really? Like you're not that bothered about being Jamie's girlfriend?" Chloe accuses her.
Kate blushes, "maybe, but I don't moan all the time about being single like you." 
"I know I'm being a bit stupid," says Chloe, finally seeing sense. "It's just I miss having someone around and being without a guy makes me feel so lonely."
I feel miserable, knowing exactly how she feels. I've been longing for a boyfriend ever since I started high school and all this talk about the lack of one seems to be getting me down. I quickly remind myself that I've been fine on my own until now so I shouldn't care so much. Anyway, I've got my three best mates with me right now; what more could I want?
Chapter 2


"You'll never guess what!" says Chloe enthusiastically, as we all meet up for lunch together the next day. "Danny in my history lesson asked me out on a date this weekend!"
Me and Kate exchange glances. We should have known it had something to do with boys. With Chloe, it always did.
"Honestly Chloe, you've hardly been single and you've already got someone else," says Gina, but you can tell she was pleased for her.
Chloe smiles at the compliment. "It's not as if we're officially together yet though," she says, although she looks excited anyway.
I can't help feeling a pang of jealousy. Why can't I get asked on dates for once instead of Chloe? She's already been lucky with boyfriends; why can't I have one for once instead of her?
I quickly try to block out my miserable feelings because I don't want to look like a saddo in front of the girls.
"Where are you two going?" I ask Chloe, trying to keep my tone light and happy.
"Watching a movie at the cinemas," she replies. "I think he wants to watch this stupid sci-fi movie, but hopefully I'll get him to watch something else."
I can't help thinking that I wouldn't mind sitting through a boring science-fiction movie as long as a boy was taking me for a date.
"Anyway, since you're the Queen of Dating right now; could you give me some advice about Jamie?" Kate asks Chloe, looking hopeful.
"I would have, but you didn't help me out yesterday," Chloe reminds her, thinking of the hot guy at McDonalds. 
"Well even if I had, you wouldn't need it now would you?" Kate reminds her. "Come on, I've got to see him for footie practice after school."
"Just talk to him like you do with all the other guys," Chloe answers simply. "Pretend he's just one of the lads and then you won't be so nervous." 
"I guess so," Kate considers it. 
"Anyway, I need to go on a mega shopping spree for something to wear on Saturday," says Chloe. "You girls wanna go after school?"
"Sorry I can't, I said I'd meet up with Lee later," answers Gina and looks apologetic. 
"I've got footie practice, remember?" Kate answers. "Besides, shopping is so boring."
"You can come though, can't you, Vanessa?" Chloe asks and looks at me pleadingly. It's obvious she doesn't want to go on her own, so I can't say no even if I was busy tonight.
"Yeah, of course I can," I say, hoping that a shopping trip might take my mind of my lack of boyfriends.
"Great!" says Chloe excitedly. "You'll have to help me find a gorgeous top to wear."

At home time, we say goodbye to Kate, who heads off to the sports changing rooms to get ready for footie practice. Gina happily strolls off with Lee, who's waiting for her by the school gates, so we say goodbye to her too and then the two of us go off to town together.
"Do you reckon Kate and Jamie will get together?" Chloe asks me as we do the fifteen minute walk to the Town Centre.
"I suppose so," I answer vaguely. 
I didn't want to get onto the subject of boys, since I'm secretly jealous of all three of my best friends and just want to forget about it. You already know I'm jealous of Gina for having a long term boyfriend; and with Chloe for having every guy in the World fancy her and getting a date on Saturday. 
Yet, now I'm even starting to feel jealous of Kate. I know it's stupid, since she's as far out as me at the moment. It isn't as if she and Jamie are going on a date or in a relationship; but I can't help envying her for having someone who might be her boyfriend one day. I don't even have any crushes now, which would have at least felt better than nothing.
"What's up with you anyway?" asks Chloe, sensing that something's wrong.
   "I don't know. I guess I just feel pretty lonely right now, not having a boyfriend." 
I know I can tell Chloe and she would understand, with saying the same thing yesterday in McDonalds, but I still feel embarrassed. 
"Don't worry, we'll do some serious shopping for boys too," Chloe says excitedly. 
It does cheer me up a little as we play our hot guy shopping game. It's pretty simple to play. All you have to do is look out for potential guys and rate any you spot from a score of one to ten. Getting scored a ten means they're mega hot.
"He's definitely a seven," says Chloe.
I look over to the guy stood outside a music store. He has black floppy hair and is wearing a hoody. 
"I reckon nine," I answer quietly since we're passing him. 
"If you like him, why don't you go and flirt a little?" she asks. 
"I can't."
"Go on, Ven. You don't have to talk if you don't want to. Just eye him up or wink at him, see if he's interested."
"No way," I cringe, knowing I'm way too anxious with guys to do that. 
"Do you want me to ask him for his number?" she asks, trying to be helpful.
"No, don't," I beg her, blushing madly. 
"You're hopeless, Ven," she says, rolling her eyes at me.
I happily go along with her doing some real shopping, letting her try on lots of tops. However, I can't help looking at different guys hanging around, even though I know I'm too afraid to make any moves. At least it gives me something to do instead of just following Chloe around on the hunt for clothes.
"I'm just going into the changing rooms," Chloe informs me. "Wait outside for me, okay?"
"Alright," I agree and let her rush into a nearby changing cubical, seizing three tops.
I sit on the leather seat in the changing rooms, waiting for Chloe to come out and ask my opinion on the new clothes. As she's changing inside the cubical next to me, I start to look at the advertisement posters pinned up on the changing room wall. 
There's one flashy poster advertising the super cool, new nightclub that we're all dying to try. 
'Want a special night out with your partner on Valentine's Day?' it reads. 'Come and join us at Bliss night club and dance the night away with the one you love.'
I sigh, wishing more than anything that I could go with someone. I notice that the date underneath is on a Friday night, which means there is no way any of us could go to that event anyway. We're only allowed to go to sixteen and under nights yet, which are on a Wednesday night. Even so, I can't help but have that empty, sad feeling at knowing that this Valentine's Day I will probably be sat at home watching a movie by myself. Maybe Katie might join me, but Gina and Chloe will definitely have plans 
I'm just starting to feel miserable about it when Chloe swishes open the curtain and interrupts my thoughts.
"What do you think?"
"Looks great," I answer quickly, pushing my sad thoughts aside.
I look at the pink vest top decorated with roses that she's wearing. Chloe looks in the long mirror and thinks about it for a while.
"I'll try the others on anyway," she says, not wanting to miss out on trying on any gorgeous clothes.
She quickly returns to her cubical and pulls the curtain shut again.
I can't help but look at the poster again, and while I'm waiting for Chloe, I start to daydream of the perfect Valentine's Day. 
Instead of sitting at home pretending to forget what date it is, I would wake up feeling excited and receive a huge Valentine's card from my boyfriend. Of course, in my daydream, my made-up boyfriend looks incredibly hot, something between Orlando Bloom and Zack Afron. He would buy me flowers and a cute 'I love you' teddy bear, and he would take me out for a romantic meal at Nandos, which is the most posh restaurant around here.
If only daydreams were real?
Chapter 3


"I found this gorgeous, pink top yesterday," Chloe tells Kate and Gina the next day at school. And yes, in case you're wondering, she did end up going back to buy the very first top she tried on.
"Where from?" asks Gina, looking interested.
She hasn't been shopping in a while because she's with Lee most Saturdays, so she's probably dying to feed her shopping addiction by talking about clothes.
"Jane Norman," Chloe tells her proudly. "Wasn't it lovely, Ven?"
"Yeah totally," I reply automatically in agreement.
I'm still busy worrying about Valentine's Day, but there's no way I'd let on to any of my best friends. They would just feel sorry for me because I will probably be the only one of us staying at home that day.
"Uh oh, Jamie's here," says Kate and tries to hide her blushing face.
I look over and see Jamie walk past, talking with a few guys from Kate's football team.
Kate tries her best to act normal as she calls 'hi' to them all, but then Jamie starts to approach us and I can tell she's nervous. 
"Hi Kate," he says, smiling at her.
"Hey," replies Kate, trying hard not to blush, although she already has.
"I can't wait for the game on Saturday, can you?"
"Yeah, I'm really looking forward to our team kickin' their butts," answers Kate, looking excited too.
Jamie grins, "I think it's awesome you play. I mean, not many girls like sports."
"Well, I love footie," says Kate and looks down at her shoes shyly. "I've been playing with my dad since I was five."
"Cool," replies Jamie and looks impressed. "I think you're really ace at it."
"Thanks," replies Kate, blushing even more.
"I'll see you at the match," he says and starts to walk away, "See ya, Kate." 
"Yeah, see ya," she replies and then starts to cringe as soon as he's gone. "Why do I always act like a total idiot around him?" she asks us, looking annoyed.
"I think you were fine," I say reassuringly.
"He's so into you," declares Chloe grinning.
"No he's not," objects Kate, looking embarrassed and gives her a playful nudge. "He was just being friendly."
"Sorry but even I agree with Chloe," says Gina and starts to do an impression of Jamie being a love sick puppy, "Oh Kate, I think you're soooo ace at football."
Me and Chloe giggle.
"Shut up," says Kate, giving Gina a playful shove. 
"What do you think, Ven?" Kate asks me, probably looking for support so that Gina and Chloe don't tease her anymore.
"It's hard to tell," I reply.
Secretly I do agree with Gina and Chloe, but I don't want to let Kate down or embarrass her anymore. 
"You'll see," Chloe tells her confidently. "One day we'll be attending yours and Jamie's wedding." This earns her another playful shove from Kate. 

At break time, I go off to find the girls. Unfortunately, I've been the only one of us to take Geography for my GCSEs, so for once none of my best mates were with me in class. 
I'm walking down the corridor to find them when I see a bright and colourful, red poster stuck to the wall. It's got my full attention right away because it has a border of pink love hearts and cute pictures of cupid to make it stand out.
'Looking for love? Want a date for Valentine's Day?' the first sentence reads in fancy, violet writing. 'Try our Valentine's Lucky Dip today and find that special someone.'
 And do you know what? I'm so tempted to do what the poster is telling me that I want to do it right away. Luckily, I hold myself back and carefully read the instructions on the poster:

Here's what you need to do:

1.Visit our Valentine's stall located beside the Reception.

2.If you're a single girl, fill out our form, which will need your first name and email address, and then post it through our box. 

If you're a single guy, all you need to do is randomly pick out a piece of paper and take out whichever girl you have chosen.

3.Enjoy your date on Valentine's Day. 


My heart is beating fast as I finish reading. This is my chance! I will finally be able to get a date for Valentine's Day and wouldn't have to daydream about it. 
I feel too embarrassed to go over to the stall outside Reception and do it right now. It feels a little daunting in case someone sees me. What would I do if there were already people there? Or if there was someone looking after the stall?
I decide I'll think it all over for the rest of the day and then hopefully I'll have more courage to do it another time. 

That evening after horse riding lesson, I have a shower and finish my homework. I feel pretty bored, because the girls and I haven't arranged to do anything, so I decide to text them and see if they want to hang out.
'Fancy doing something 2nite?' I type into my mobile and then send the text message to Kate, Gina and Chloe.
I sit watching TV for a while and then hear my mobile buzz. I check the screen to see a text message from Gina:
'At bowling with Lee. Wanna hang out 2morrow?'
I wasn't surprised by this because Gina always hangs out with her boyfriend at least four times a week, so I text her back and then wait for Kate and Chloe to reply.
Kate's message arrived next:
'Soz I already told Jamie and the lads I'd play footie wiv them at the prk.'
I feel disappointed, but at least I can count on Chloe. 
Seconds later, her reply arrives: 
'Hangin out with my Sis, maybe some other time?'
I read her reply and feel gutted. How could it be possible for all three of my best mates to be busy on the same night? 
I try not to mind too much. Besides, I'll see them all at school in the morning and we can always hang out tomorrow night, so what's the big deal? 
I try to concentrate on watching Scrubs. It's my favourite TV show at the moment, but even though it's funny, it's an episode about JD and Elliot getting back together and that makes me feel even lonelier. Why can't I have a boyfriend to go out with instead of staying in while my best friends were out having fun?
That's when I remember about the Valentine's Lucky Dip at school. Maybe I should go for it? At least it will mean that I get a date for Valentine's Day. I know I might risk having to be with a complete loser that day, but even that would be better than nothing at all.
I start to daydream about Valentine's Day all over again. What if I was lucky enough to get a date with a totally hot guy? Okay, maybe that's way too shallow. How about a guy who is really nice and makes me laugh? That seems better. Maybe after the date we could start a relationship?
After daydreaming about it for the next half hour, I finally decide that I'm ready to take a chance. This time there's no way I'm staying in on Valentine's Day. I'll be going on a date!
Chapter 4


The next morning, I go to school extra early so I can sneak over to the Valentine's Lucky Dip stall while hardly anyone is around. I quickly go past the reception, which is empty for now, and walk over to the stall positioned at the side of it. The stall table has a red table cloth over it and is decorated with heart confetti. 
There is a pile of small, pink forms to fill out, so I get a pen out of my bag and scribble down my first name and my email address onto the piece of paper. I do a quick check around the corridor and then fold the piece of paper and post it through the sparkly pink box labeled 'Single ladies'.
I quickly walk outside and towards the school gates to wait for Kate, Gina and Chloe to arrive, pretending I haven't been anywhere near the Valentine's Lucky Dip stall. I know it's silly, but I'm already starting to feel excited about it. I know the date might be a total fail and I might regret it for the rest of my life, but there was always a chance of things going well. I knew one thing though; at least it seems as if my love life is going somewhere for once.

All day I can't stop thinking of the Valentine's Lucky Dip. I really want to tell my best friends about it because I'm so excited, but I know I can't. I'm way too embarrassed to admit taking part in it. It's been so hard keeping it to myself and having to act normal, in case they get suspicious and start asking questions. It's killing me having to keep a secret from them, since we always share everything and never keep anything from each other.
Luckily, it's pretty easy to keep quiet since Chloe is going on and on about her date tomorrow. I can't help feeling a little jealous again, so I decide to talk to Kate, who's already yawning with boredom. 
"So, how was it with Jamie at the park last night?" I ask her.
She blushes as usual at hearing his name.
"Pretty good actually," she replies. "We got talking a bit and had fun playing football together. Plus he didn't throw a tantrum when our side won, so at least I know he's not childish like the others."
"Cool," I reply, trying not to feel jealous. 
"The only problem is I always feel so nervous around him and its stupid 'cause we're mates now," continues Kate. "I wish I wasn't like that and I could talk to him like I do with all the other lads"
"Welcome to my world," I reply. 
"So what do you wanna do tonight?" Kate asks me and I suddenly remember our conversation via text yesterday night.
"Dunno," I answer. "Aren't you at footie practice after school?" I know the match is tomorrow, so Kate would be having extra football practice.
"Yeah, but I'll be home for about six," she answers. "We could watch the new comedy film with Jim Carey in it. I saw the DVD advertised at Blockbuster yesterday."
"Sounds good," I agree, since me and Kate are both fans of Jim Carey and we hadn't seen the movie when it was out at the cinema.
"I'll pick it up on my way home," offers Kate.
"Okay," I agree, feeling great to be doing something after staying on my own last night.
"Hey," Kate calls to Chloe and Gina. "Do you two wanna watch a film tonight?"
"What are you watching?" asks Chloe.
"The new Jim Carey film," answers Kate.
"I guess I'll come," answers Chloe, not looking so interested in the film. She doesn't really find Jim Carey funny like me and Kate do.
"What about you, Gina?" I ask her.
"Yeah I'll be there," she answers. 
"So you're not off somewhere snogging Lee?" Chloe teases her.
"No, I wanna have fun with you lot tonight," she replies.
"Cool," says Kate. "Come over to my place at half seven. I'll even provide the popcorn." 

We all meet at Kate's house that evening and settle down with a bowl of sweet popcorn to watch the movie. It's so funny I end up choking on the popcorn and Kate has to give me a big slap on the back.
One of the scenes is so hilarious that Kate and I laugh until our sides hurts. Gina giggles a lot through the film too. She won't dare have a drink of Pepsi while watching it, in case she ends up choking like I did. Even Chloe laughs at a few parts, although she says the film is stupid.
I have such a good time with them that night that I manage to forget all about the Valentine's Lucky Dip until Saturday morning. Chloe is going on her date, Kate is off to the football match and Gina is probably doing something with Lee; so I'm alone again.
I'd arranged to meet up with Kate after the football match, so we can watch the movie again before she takes it back to Blockbusters; so at least I get to see someone and not be stuck in for the whole of Saturday. I mean, how bad would that be?!
I decide to quickly finish the coursework I'm doing for Science on my laptop, since it's due in for Tuesday. I log into Facebook, Twitter and then my email account, just to have a quick check if I've got any messages. 
I'm deleting all the junk mail from my email account when I notice a message from someone I don't know. Curiously I open the email and my heart starts beating fast as I read it: 

Hi Vanessa,
My name is Matthew. I chose you from the Valentine's Lucky Dip at school so that's why I have your email address. Are you still single?
From Matthew x

I can feel myself blushing already. My heart is still beating fast and I can't believe it has worked.
I start to reply back, feeling excited:

Hi Matthew
It's great to hear from you. Yes I'm still single. So how are you?
 From Vanessa x

I was so looking forward to getting a reply back that I can hardly concentrate on the project anymore. Luckily, just before I'm about to give up and log off the laptop, I see another email arrive in my inbox from him. 

Cool, I'm glad you are ;-) I'm good thanks, how are you doing? Are you up to anything this weekend? x

I feel happy butterflies flutter inside my stomach as I continue our conversation, feeling as if I have struck lucky after all: 

I'm good too. I'm meeting up with my friend later on to watch a movie. We rented the new comedy film with Jim Carey and it's so funny we want to watch it again. What are you up to this weekend?

He replies back a minute later:

Cool, I really wanted to see that movie too. Jim Carey is hilarious, so I'll definitely rent that sometime.
I'm watching the football match tonight with my Dad. We both love Manchester United, so hopefully our team wins. What are you into? Do you like any sports?

I quickly reply back:

I like to hang out with mates, listen to music and watch movies. I also take horse riding lessons every week. I love animals and I'd really like to be a vet when I leave school. Apart from that, I don't really like any sports, although badminton and swimming are quite fun.
How long have you been a Manchester United fan? Do you enjoy playing football in your spare time? 

By the time I've sent the email, my Dad starts nagging about wanting to use the laptop for work. I reluctantly log off and hand it over, starting to daydream about my maybe future boyfriend Matthew.
Chapter 5


It's hard to keep the secret of Matthew to myself when I meet up with Kate later on. I'm dying to tell her all about him and about his e-mails, but I know I can't because then I'd have to confess all about joining the Valentine's Lucky Dip, so I keep my lips firmly sealed.
Luckily, Kate's too busy telling me all about her football match, so I'm safe. Kate's team won 3-1 so she's still all hyped up about it.
"Jamie came for a drink at the café with me and the lads after the game too," says Kate. "We're really getting on well."
"That's great," I say, feeling pleased for her. At least now I don't have to feel jealous for once, not now that I have Matthew secretly e-mailing me.
"I feel worried though," reveals Kate.
"Worried. Why?" I ask feeling surprised, since Kate is definitely not the worrying type.
"It's just with me and Jamie being good mates now, I'm scared he'll only think of me as that from now on. All the other lads just think of me as one of them, and that's fine since I hate lads treating me differently just 'cause I'm a girl; but I don't want Jamie seeing me as just one of the lads too or else he might just completely forget that I'm a girl."
I try hard not to laugh. I can't help it, just thinking of a lad completely forgetting that someone is a girl is pretty funny.
"Yeah," I reply, trying to show that I kind of understand what she means and successfully hold back my laughter, "but I don't think he will. Chloe and Gina are convinced he's got a thing for you."
"Yeah but y' know what those two are like, they don't even believe that you can just be mates with a guy, which is pretty dumb," says Kate. "Anyway, I don't see it so maybe they're just misunderstanding. He's treating me like everyone else on the team so he obviously just wants to stay mates."
"I guess we'll have to see what happens," I say, not knowing what else to say. I'm nowhere near an expert on boys, that's Chloe's job.
"Yeah. Let's watch the movie. I need to take it back soon, plus we'd better raid the kitchen before my bro steals all the Pringles."

After dinner, we all meet up at Chloe's at seven to hear all the gossip about her date.
"So, how was it?" Gina asks her as soon as we're in her bedroom.
"It was good," answers Chloe. "I managed to get him to watch this other film instead. I don't know how I could have sat through that awful sci-fi film. Plus he bought me popcorn and a drink too, wasn't that sweet?"
I smile, starting to fantasize about Valentine's day when Matthew and I will be going on our date.
"Do you like him?" Kate asks her.
"He's okay," answers Chloe, not sounding as enthusiastic as I expected. "He's not what I'd want as an ideal boyfriend, but I thought I'd give him a chance and see how things turn out."
"I bet she's only dating him because she's fed up of being single," Kate says to me quietly.
"I heard that," Chloe playfully hits Kate with a pillow, but we all notice that she doesn't exactly defend herself or say it wasn't true.
"So you are then?" Gina accuses her giggling.
"Okay, I admit it," confesses Chloe. "I wasn't that interested in him, but it just felt so nice for someone to ask me out on a date, so I said yes. Anyway, when we get to know each other better I might start to like him."
"You're so mean, Chloe, leading him on like that," jokes Kate.
"Am not," insists Chloe and hits her with a pillow again. Kate hits her back so hard that Chloe falls backwards giggling. Anytime soon a mega pillow fight is going to kick off. 
"I think it's nice you're giving him a chance," Gina interrupts them. "You never know, he might turn out to be your next boyfriend."
"I hope so," says Chloe. "He is pretty nice, just not that good looking."
"Has he asked you on another date?" I ask her.
"Yeah," answers Chloe. "I said I'd meet up with him tomorrow."
"Hey, that reminds me," Kate suddenly exclaims. "Keith's birthday party is tomorrow night. Are you guys coming?"
We all chorused a "yeah" feeling pretty excited.
"Let's all meet up here before the party so we can get ready together," says Chloe excitedly. She loves doing makeovers, so this is a pretty good opportunity for her. "I could always just meet Danny there, I'm sure he'll be invited."
We all agree to the makeover and changing plans at Chloe's place.
"Is Jamie going?" Gina asks Kate.
"Yeah, he's going with a few of the lads from the team," says Kate blushing.
"Did you have a good time with him today at the match?" asks Chloe, looking keen to hear all about it, since she's dying for something to happen between Kate and Jamie.
"Yeah, it was great," answers Kate "There's just one problem though."
She tells them all the stuff she's told me this afternoon about Jamie maybe just wanting to be mates.
"We need to change that quick!" says Chloe thoughtfully. "There's nothing good about being stuck in the friend zone with a guy you fancy."
"But how?" asks Kate. "I'm probably already in the friend zone."
"Make him notice you," says Chloe, her eyes sparkling with excitement. "If he sees you as an attractive girl then he'll soon realize that you're dating material."
"Oh no, what are you planning?" asks Kate, sensing that Chloe is getting ideas already.
"I think we should give you a mega makeover for the party," reveals Chloe excitedly.
"No way!" says Kate and looks horrified. "You know I hate make-up and girly stuff like that. Plus the lads will have a right laugh at me turning up at the party looking like a girly-girl."
"But it'll help make Jamie notice you," says Gina, backing Chloe up, "and you don't have to wear a lot of make-up, just a bit."
"No," protests Kate. "Y' know what Chloe's like, she'll turn me into a stupid, pop star wannabe."
Chapter 6


"I can't believe I'm letting you do this," grumbles Kate. 
It's Sunday evening and we have all met up at Chloe's house as planned to get ready for the party. As you can tell, we've somehow managed to convince Kate that a makeover would be good, although she still isn't pleased about it.
"Chill out," Chloe tells her, busy applying blue eye shadow on Kate's eye lids. "You'll thank me once I've finished and you see how great you look."
"You do look pretty good, Kate," Gina tells her, looking up as she helps do my hair with Chloe's straighteners. 
Gina has already finished doing her usual hair do with the curling irons and it looks amazing.
"And I've kept to the rules we agreed," Chloe tells Kate to reassure her.
Before the mega makeover started, Kate had made strict rules that there was no way she was wearing any pink or purple clothes and make-up, since they were too girly for her. Also foundation and lipstick were out too. So Chloe had started by adding a little bit of red blusher, that you could barely notice; some clear lip gloss that makes your lips look shiny, and then had started on the blue eye shadow. 
"What about mascara?" she asks Kate when she's finished. "That would look good."
"Fine, but just a bit."
Chloe adds the mascara and then triumphantly hands Kate the mirror.
"Done!" she announces. "Do you like it?"
Kate studies herself in the mirror for a few seconds, "Yeah, it looks pretty good," she answers, sounding a little impressed, "but that doesn't mean I'm using make-up from now on."
"Why not? You look gorgeous with makeup," says Gina.
"I just prefer looking natural, plus I can't be bothered doing make-up all the time."
"I bet Jamie will like it," says Chloe.
"Let me straighten your hair too," Gina instructs as she finishes doing my hair.
"Do I have to?" complains Kate. "It's fine as it is."
"Kate, there's no way you're going to a party with a boring pony tail," says Chloe. "You'll look much better with your hair down."

An hour later, we all turn up at Keith's house for the party. I'm feeling pretty excited because for once I feel great. I'm wearing a purple top that Chloe advised me to wear off shoulder, so it looks sexier, and a short, denim skirt that I borrowed off Gina. I have cute, gold sandals, which I'd recently bought on one of our Saturday shopping trips, and Chloe has done a great job on my make-up. 
Gina looks gorgeous too, wearing a sexy, red top and some dark denim shorts with a shiny belt. She's wearing dark high heeled shoes and also has a makeover done by Chloe.
Kate looks very pretty for once, instead of her usual scruffy self. She has borrowed a blue vest top from Chloe and is wearing her best skinny jeans, which Chloe has put a silver belt around to make them look fancier. She agreed to wear Gina's blue sandals and also has make-up on and her hair down and straightened. 
Chloe of course looks the best out of all of us. She's wearing another tight pink top and a white, denim mini skirt with pink high heels to match. She has beautiful silver bangles on her wrists and a pink beaded necklace to accessorize her outfit. Her hair is straightened as usual but she's curled little strands of her hair to make it look stylish. She's also done a full makeover on herself, using more makeup than any of us.
Kate looks nervous as we enter Keith's house for the party. A few of the lads from her football team are already there messing around in the living room, so she looks scared to go near them in case they make fun of her. 
"Come on, Ven," she says, hiding behind me in case they spot her. "Let's head to the kitchen."
"I'm going over to Danny," Chloe informs us and goes off to meet him.
I see that Gina has already disappeared to find Lee, so I start walking to the kitchen with Kate.
We soon realize this is a mistake when Jamie comes out of the kitchen doorway as we approach.
"Help!" squeaks Kate as she sees him.
She isn't quick enough to hide behind me and he spots her and does a double take.
"Kate?" he asks and looks puzzled.
Kate stands there and looks embarrassed, "Yeah, it's me," she says, looking down at her feet shyly.
"What happened to you?" he asks and starts to laugh.
I feel so sorry for her. If a boy I fancied laughed at the way I looked, I'd probably run away crying. Yet, Kate's a lot braver than me and grins back at him as if it's all a big joke.
"Yeah, it's awful, isn't it?" she says, beginning to be her normal, confident self again. "Chloe got me in my sleep."
Jamie laughs, "Poor you," he says, looking sympathetic for her. "I hardly recognized you for a second."
"Well, that's my secret plan," jokes Kate, "to avoid all you football jerks by going in disguise."
This makes Jamie laugh again and Kate grins happily.
"Looks like you failed that one," he jokes back, "so I guess you're stuck with me now."
They both head off to the lounge together to join the other lads. 
I follow them, but I might as well be invisible. Kate is so busy with Jamie that she has forgotten all about me, but I decide to forgive her. I guess there might be a time when I'll do the same thing and it isn't as if she's doing it on purpose. 
I hope I could sit down next to her, but Jamie seems happy to sit in the space next to her, so I sit at the other side of the sofa instead.
"Whoa Kate, what's with the Barbie appearance?" one of the lads jokes as he sees her.
The others lads snigger and gawp.
"Shut it," says Kate and gives the lad a playful punch in the arm. "I'm doing a sponsored dress up."
I don't know if the other boys believe her story, but they keep quiet after that, knowing they shouldn't mess with her. I'm sure they still remember the time Kate punched a boy and broke his nose for calling her names.
After a while, I got bored with sitting around with Kate and the other boys, mostly because they just talk about football and mess about; so I go in search for Chloe. However, when I spot her, she's busy dancing with Danny in front of the music stereo, so I don't want to interfere.
I don't bother going in search for Gina, since she'll be busy snogging Lee somewhere; so I go around looking if there's anyone else I know. Luckily, there are a few girls from my class and I chat with them for a while, but they soon drift off together in their group to do some secret gossiping, so I'm left alone again.
I know it's sad, but at that moment I feel like being at home instead of at the party. At least then I can finally get to reply back to Matthew's emails and hopefully chat to him if he's online.  
Unfortunately I'm stuck here and there's no way I'm going to embarrass myself by leaving. I just wish the girls would be with me instead of going off and then I'd be having a good time instead of feeling fed up. 
I don't know how long I'm sat there drinking Pepsi and just listening to music, but finally Chloe appears beside me.
"Hey Ven, what are you doing sat here on your own?"
"Kate's with the lads, Gina's with Lee and you were busy with Danny; so I've been disowned," I reply.
"I'm so sorry babe," says Chloe sympathetically and gives me a hug. "I had no idea you were on your own. You should have come to me or something."
"I didn't want to disturb you. You looked like you were having too much fun dancing with Danny."
"Believe me, it would have been great if you had interrupted us," she says and sits down next to me. "He's so annoying."
"Why? What's he done?" I ask.
"Well, I went over for a chat with him and he was trying to be all over me as if I'm his girlfriend. He's only acting like that 'cause his mates were around," she replies. "Anyway, I agreed to dance with him for a while, but he's getting way to clingy with me. I had to say I was going to the toilet just to get away from him."
"That doesn't sound good," I agree.
"Tell me about it. I'll have to spend the entire night trying to avoid him now."
"Well at least I can help you," I offer. I'd already been used as a person to hide behind for Kate earlier, so it was the least I could do to help Chloe too.
"Thanks Ven," she says. "You're a great mate."
"You are too, when you're not obsessing about boys."  
"I can't help that!" Chloe grins at me. "Come on, let's have a dance." She pulls me out of my seat before I can make up an excuse. "There's no point us sitting around at a party, is there? Plus if I'm dancing with you, Danny might not bother me."
"Okay," I agree and let her drag me over to where everyone is dancing. I don't really know how to dance, so I just copy Chloe.
"Hey! You didn't invite me!" Gina accuses us jokily, suddenly appearing beside us.
"We thought you'd probably prefer dancing with Lee," I answer.
"Of course not, mates come before boyfriends," she replies and starts to dance with us.
We see Kate still hanging around with the lads at the other side of the room. 
"Oi Kate! Get over here and dance with us!" Chloe shouts to her.
Kate rolls her eyes at us and looks as if she won't; but she soon leaves them and comes to join us.
"How much are you paying me to dance with you again?" jokes Kate.
It feels so good dancing around with my best mates and having a great time. How could I have wished I was at home instead? I must have been crazy to think that. 
Chapter 7


We're all still feeling tired at lunch time the next day. I'd only got home at ten o'clock, so my parents were pretty miffed about it all. I'll probably be in for a mega lecture from them when I get back from school.
"That was a great party last night, wasn't it?" asks Gina excitedly, as we sit together at a table in the Cafeteria.
"Well it was, apart from Chloe making me look awful," says Kate, giving Chloe a pretend evil look across the table.
"I was only trying to help," Chloe defends herself. "Anyway, I thought you looked nice."
"Well Jamie didn't, he laughed his head off at the sight of me," complains Kate. "I've never felt so embarrassed in my life." In that case, she'd hidden it very well at the party.
"Poor you," says Gina, giving her a sympathetic pat.
"So from now on, no more makeovers for me," says Kate, and Chloe looks disappointed.
"I thought he would like you looking nice for once," says Chloe, looking confused by it all.
"Maybe that just proves that he doesn't like me in that way after all," says Kate, looking a little sad.
"I'm sure he does fancy you," insists Gina. "Maybe he's a little embarrassed to show it to you. I mean, y' know how Lee was with me at first. He wouldn't even ask me out himself and had to get one of his mates to do it for him."
"Maybe you should ask him out?" suggests Chloe.
"No way, do you know how bad I'd get teased for it," says Kate. "The lads will be on my case for months and Jamie will go all weird on me."
"If you don't then you'll have to wait until he does," replies Chloe.
"You should just show him you're interested," suggests Gina, "to make him less embarrassed about liking you."
"Then it'll be easier for him to ask you out," continues Chloe.
"What am I supposed to do? Wear a t-shirt around him that says Jamie, I fancy you," she sighs.
"Of course not," Chloe says and rolls her eyes. "Just flirt with him."
"And what if the lads see me?"
"You could pretend you're joking," I suggest, since that had worked for her last night.
"But lads are slow, Jamie might get so confused that he'll think you were just joking, which will make things worse," says Gina. "Then there will be no chance if he thinks you're not interested."
"I'll just wait until he asks me out," decides Kate, "but I might turn ninety before he ever does."
"How was it with you and Danny last night?" Gina asks Chloe excitedly. "I saw you two dancing together."
"It went awful," says Chloe, cringing. "He's already treating me like his girlfriend and showing me off in front of his mates. I don't think I can stand him."
"So you're telling him you're not interested?" asks Kate.
"I want to, but y' know what lads are like. He'll probably nag me to be his girlfriend for the next two years if I tell him; so I'm just going to ignore his texts from now on and hopefully he'll get the message."
"That's pretty mean," I say, feeling sympathetic for him. 
I know I wouldn't like it if someone ignored my texts just because they couldn't be bothered to tell me they didn't like me.
"What else can I do?" asks Chloe, looking pretty guilty. "Tell you what, I'll ignore him for a while and if he asks me about it I'll tell him straight, okay?"

After dinner, plus a long lecture from my parents about partying too late last night; I finally escape to my bedroom and log myself onto my email account on the laptop. 
There is already a message waiting from Matthew:

How long have you been doing horse riding? And what's your favourite animal? I guess it's a horse. 
I've been a Manchester United fan all my life. My dad and I have always gone to their matches together ever since I was old enough to walk. I'm not that good at playing football though, so I prefer just to watch it.

I quickly start a reply back:

Yes, my favourite animal is a horse but I have a few others too, like dolphins and rabbits. I've been doing horse riding for a few years now, so I'm pretty good at it. I'm going to my horse riding class tomorrow night. 
Did your team do well at the match this weekend?

Matthew is online so I soon get his reply: 

Yeah, we won Liverpool 2-1, so I'm really chuffed about that.
Are there any films you're into other than comedies? I watched the Jim Carey film you mentioned and you were right, it was very funny.  

I quickly email back, hoping he will stay online:

I like animated films and sometimes romance ones. I'm not really into action or horror movies, but I bet you love those?

I'm waiting for his reply when I hear my Mum call up the stairs to me, "Vanessa, Chloe is here to see you."
"Coming!" I called down and quickly log off, feeling disappointed that I can't talk to him longer. 
Chapter 8


"I wonder why Gina's so late?" I ask Chloe, as we sit nibbling fries.
We're both in McDonalds, for our usual Tuesday hang out, waiting for her. We were so hungry that we got ourselves a drink of Pepsi and some fries to eat. Kate will probably be coming back from football practice around now, so she'll arrive soon. We still haven't heard anything from Gina to say why she's late, so I'm starting to worry.
"She said something about her and Lee meeting up after school," answers Chloe, "but she said she would easy make it in time to meet us here at five."
It's now half past five. It's not like Gina to be late, and if she is, she would have rang or text one of us by now.
"She's probably having such a good time with Lee she's forgotten what time it is. Maybe she even forgot about meeting us," says Chloe, looking pretty annoyed.
"Maybe we should call her?" I suggest. "At least then we can remind her."
"Okay," says Chloe and grabs her mobile to start ringing Gina's number. "If she has forgotten, I'll kill her."
I watch as Chloe rings her, but from Chloe's annoyed look I know it isn't good news.
"She's not answering. I bet she is busy with Lee."
I see Kate arrive through the entrance to McDonalds.
"Hey guys!" she calls over to us both and falls into the seat next to me as always. "Where's Gina?"
"Good question," says Chloe.
"We haven't heard from her," I explain to Kate, "but I'm sure she'll get here soon."
"In that case, give us a chip. I'm starving," says Kate and pinches some of my fries.
"Go get your own if you're so hungry," I tell her, giving her a playful nudge with my elbow.
"I will," she says, eating the few fries she already has. "You guys want anything else?"
"I'll have a cheese burger," answers Chloe and gives her some money. "There's no point waiting if Gina's not going to show."
"Yeah, get the same for me too," I say, so Kate collects my money then goes off to the counter.
"It's a pity that fit lad isn't in today," says Chloe and looks sad. "I was looking forward to seeing him."
"Have you heard anything from Danny yet?" I ask.
"Yeah, he's sent me three texts already. Hopefully he'll stop soon."
Kate arrives back with our orders.
"You greedy pig," jokes Chloe as she sees that Kate has ordered large fries and a Big Mac burger.
"I do use a lot of energy running about y' know," she answers back.
There's still no sign of Gina when we finish our meals. I quickly check my mobile for messages or missed phone calls from her, but there's nothing.
"Anyone else heard from her?" I ask them both. 
They quickly check their mobiles and shake their heads. Where could she be?
I look up and see Gina through the window outside McDonalds, walking towards the door. 
"Hey, there she is?" says Kate, seeing her too, but she soon stops when we all notice that something's wrong.
Gina's head is down as if she's crying and I can see the mascara running down her face. I quickly run over to her, feeling a tight knot of worry in my stomach.
"Gina, what's happened?" I ask her.
She seems as if she can't answer just yet, so I give her a hug. She rests her head on my shoulder, still sobbing.
"Poor Gina," says Kate. She comes over and gives her a comforting pat on her back.
"Let's get her out of here," says Chloe, taking charge.
We link arms with Gina and quickly leave McDonalds. Chloe decides to take us to her house, since Gina might not want to confront her parents just yet, and it's the nearest place to go to. 
When we get up to Chloe's bedroom, Gina is still crying and hasn't spoken a word to us. Chloe lets her sit down on her bed and puts her arm around her.
"Tell us what's wrong, Gina," she says.
Gina cries loudly before answering, but manages to get the words out.
"Lee?dumped?me," she says between sobs and then starts crying on Chloe's shoulder.
Chloe quickly grabs a box of tissues and hands them to her, while Kate and I exchange shocked glances. We definitely weren't expecting this. Gina takes a tissue and starts wiping her eyes.
"How did this happen?" Chloe asks her, looking concerned.
Gina stops crying so hard for a moment and seems to be able to speak.
"He saw me after school and we went to my bedroom to talk," says Gina, her voice shaky with sobbing so much. "He said he thought we'd been together long enough, he just wanted to move on and didn't want to be stuck with the same girlfriend."
Chloe patted her shoulder sympathetically.
I felt sorry for Gina too. Hearing that from a boyfriend you thought might be with you for a few more years must have hurt.
"Well, if that's the way he feels then you shouldn't bother with him," Chloe tells her sternly. "You deserve a boyfriend who does want a long term relationship."
"But I really care about him," weeps Gina. "I miss him already and I can't just stop my feelings for him, can I?"
"You'll have to accept he's gone eventually," Chloe tells her.
"And don't you dare think of begging him to give you another chance," says Kate, knowing that Gina is probably thinking about it. "You can find someone better than him."
"But I don't want to find anyone else," says Gina.
Chloe pats Gina's shoulder reassuringly because we all know that one day Gina will have to move on eventually and I can tell in her eyes that Gina is beginning to realize this too.
"I'll go and get us all some hot chocolate," offers Chloe. "You definitely need one, Gina."
Poor Gina is shivering, so Chloe quickly goes off to the kitchen to make some. I sit down on the bed next to her and Kate sits on the other side, ready with extra tissues if Gina needs any more.
"I just don't know how I'll live without him," cries Gina. "We've been together for over a year so it's so hard thinking of not being a couple anymore."
I put my arm around her and Kate offers a tissue.
"Don't worry," I say. "We're all here for you and I know it'll be hard at first, but we'll get through it together."
"Yeah, you don't need a stupid lad when you've got your best mates to have fun with," Kate joins in. "We'll have a great time while you're single, okay? So don't worry about him."
Chapter 9


The next day, I decide to wake up earlier so I can call for Gina on my way to school. The girls and I have decided to stick to her like glue so that if she is feeling upset, one of us will be there for her. 
Gina doesn't look too good when she comes out of her house. She looks as if she hasn't slept and her eyes are still puffy and red with crying.
"Hey Ven, thanks for calling for me," she says, looking pleased to see a friendly face.
"It's okay," I say. "How are you doing?"
"I feel awful," she tells me, as we start to walk to school. "I don't know how I'm going to cope being in school today. I hardly slept last night thinking about it."
"You don't have to worry," I reassure her. "Like we said last night, we'll be there for you."
"But what should I do when I see him at school?" she asks looking terrified. "Just thinking about it makes me feel ill."
"We'll try our best to avoid him," I reassure her, although I have no idea how we can keep that up, "and if we do see him, just ignore him and pretend he's not there."
"Okay," she says, unsurely.
Kate and Chloe are both waiting for us at the school gates when we arrive. 
Chloe gives her a friendly hug, "You okay, babe?" she asks her.
Gina nods weakly.
"Don't worry, he's not around," Chloe tells her, sticking to our rule of calling Lee by the name of 'he' or 'him' since it's still too hard for Gina to hear his name yet.
"And if he starts to bother you, I'll get rid of him," Kate volunteers.
"Today will be fine," Chloe reassures her and links arms with Gina.
We all set off to our form room together. 

At lunch time, we all feel nervous in case Gina bumps into Lee. So far we've successfully stayed out of his way. 
"Kate, you be look out," Chloe orders her quietly. "If he's spotted, we'll evacuate."
If we all weren't so nervous about our friend feeling ill or hurt at seeing Lee, we'd find this mission thing pretty hilarious, especially Chloe and her serious mission speech.
"What do we do if we can't avoid him?" Kate asks her quickly, before Gina can come out of class.
"We do Plan B," Chloe informs us and flashes her new copy of Heat magazine.
Kate and I look at each other puzzled. What are we supposed to do? Roll it up and hit Lee with it until he eventually leaves? Or maybe hide behind it like they do in the movies?
"It's to distract her until he's gone," Chloe explains.
"Clever," I agree and see Gina approaching us.
"Hi guys," she says, looking a lot more nervous now its lunch time.
"Want to go have lunch?" Kate asks her trying to act like normal.
"I don't think that's a good idea," answers Gina, looking unsure about the possibility of seeing Lee there. "I don't really feel hungry."
"You're eating something," Chloe tells her sternly, "and we'll make sure he isn't around before we go in, if that will make you feel better."
We arrive at the cafeteria and Kate does a quick check to see if Lee is there.
"All clear," she informs us.
We join the queue and order our food. Gina is still feeling nervous though, so we take our food outside instead and sit somewhere we think will be away from Lee.
"You can't avoid him forever y' know," Chloe tells her, "so eventually you will have to see him and get used to it."
"I know," sighs Gina. "Just not right now. I'm not ready for it."
We eat our lunch, talking happily about stuff and trying to avoid the topic of boys. Gina doesn't eat much of her lunch, but we pretend not to notice, since nagging her about it wouldn't help her get her appetite back.
"I have a great idea!" Chloe informs us. "Since we're all single, how about a girly shopping trip together this Saturday?"
"Yeah, that sounds good," I say, feeling pretty excited too. It's definitely a good idea to keep Gina busy.
Kate nods too, deciding not to complain about her boredom of clothes shopping for Gina's sake.
"You will come, won't you, Gina?" Chloe asks her.
"I don't know," answers Gina unsurely.
"Come on, you love shopping," I say.
"We can check out some guys while we're there," says Chloe temptingly, but Gina still seems uninterested in any other guys for now. 
"I'm going even though it's not my thing," says Kate, "so you can at least come along since I'm making an effort."
"Alright then," Gina says, giving into our pleading looks, "but don't moan if I act like such a downer while we're there."
Chapter 10


Gina looks a little better when we meet up with her on Saturday morning. She's dressed up, has some make-up on and is acting like her normal, happy self. Chloe informs us that this is a good step forward, since getting to look great is a huge effort when you're feeling down, and now that Gina looks great she'll start feeling great too.
We all catch the bus together and head for town. After an hour's shopping and lunch at KFC, we're all feeling better and have forgotten all about boy troubles.
We check out a few more clothes shops. By now Kate is pretty bored with clothes shopping and is starting up a game where she has to find the most awful thing in the shop and pretend to love it. 
I giggle as she shouts to me loudly across the shop that she likes a ridiculously, ugly top, and everyone in the shop starts giving her funny looks.
She strikes again at the next shop. She immediately spots a horrible pair of bright orange high heels for clubbing and runs over to them as if they might be bought any second.
"I so totally love these shoes!" she proclaims loudly in a fake, girly accent and starts to put them on.
She starts to parade along the shop as if she's a model, wriggling her hips from side to side in such a silly way that we all fall about laughing. The woman at the counter looks shocked at her daft behavior, which makes us all laugh even more.
We rush out of the shop in fits of giggles, hardly able to keep standing with laughing so much. Then, all of a sudden, I notice Chloe see something ahead and her laughter stops. A look of horror falls over her face and I stop laughing too, wondering what's up.
What could she possibly see that's so awful? Her mum emptying the entire contents of her wardrobe into a charity shop maybe?
When I look where she's staring, I see that it's much worse. Lee is a distance away with his arms around a blonde haired girl from our school called Chelsea and they look as if they're already a couple. 
It's too late for me or Chloe to do anything because we see that Gina has already seen them too. She looks hurt and suddenly turns and runs, bursting into tears.
"Gina!" calls Kate and starts to run after her.
Chloe and I follow them, but we don't have to worry since Kate is a fast runner and easily catches up with her. 
Gina heads straight for the toilets avoiding Kate and immediately goes into a cubical and slams the door behind her. We know she's locked the door, so we stand outside and give each other worried looks. What do we do if she refuses to come out?
Chloe knocks gently on the door, "Gina, let us in so I can give you a hug," Chloe says softly to her through the door. 
Gina doesn't answer or open the door, but we hear that she's still crying.
"Come on, Gina," I say. "We can take you home if you like?"
"I'm not going out there," we hear Gina sob from inside.
"I'll take a look if he's around," says Kate and heads for the door.
Chloe and I try our best to talk to her, while Kate stays at the toilets entrance watching to see if Lee is still there. However, Gina won't talk to us at all.
"He's gone now, Gina," says Kate, coming back inside the toilets.
"See? You can come out now," Chloe tells her. 
We hear her unlock the door and feel relieved as it opens. Poor Gina is crying more than ever.
"Look at the state of you," says Chloe, quickly taking Gina by the arm. "Let's get you sorted before you leave here."
Chloe takes her over to the mirrors and quickly starts to wipe away all Gina's spoiled make up so at least she looks normal again. 
"You sure he's not around, Kate?" asks Gina unsurely. 
"I'm positive," answers Kate after taking another look.
"Okay, let's go home," says Chloe and links Gina as we walk out of the toilets. 
We sit in silence on the bus journey home, not knowing what to say. Gina won't say anything and carries on crying. The rest of us don't want to say anything in case it embarrasses her being in public, but we give her comforting pats and extra tissues.
When we finally arrive at Gina's house, we make it to the safety of her bedroom where we can talk in private.
Gina's still crying a lot. "How could he move on so quickly?" 
Chloe puts her arm around her.
"All lads do that, believe me," Kate tells her. "It's not that he's moving on 'cause you don't mean anything to him. It's just lads are stupid and they'll just go with any girl just to avoid feeling upset."
"Yeah, I bet he's only moving on so fast because he's finding it hard to get over you," Chloe tells her. 
"But what if he wanted to be with her all along?" weeps Gina. "I bet that's why he broke up with me, so he can be with her instead."
"That's not true," I reassure her. "I know it looks bad, but he's probably only just got interested in this girl and he's just moving on like he told you."
"Anyway, I heard that girl he's with is a total slut," says Chloe with hatred. "It's probably her that came onto him. They might have only just got together today knowing her reputation."
Gina continues to cry, using up most of the tissues that are left in the box.
"You know what you should do?" says Chloe strongly. "You should just think sod him and get on with your life. If he's moving on then you should too. There's plenty guys out there better than him."
Gina sniffles a few times, but you can tell that Chloe's advice makes her feel a bit stronger.
"You're right," replies Gina, "but I'm just not ready for that yet."  
"Take your time," says Chloe. "Forget all about him, he's no-one to us and eventually you'll find someone better and be happy again."

Chapter 11


It's a typical, boring Sunday the next day, so I log onto my email account to see if there are any emails from Matthew. Unfortunately there aren't any new emails from him, so I log off wondering what else to do. 
I know from yesterday that Chloe will be visiting her sister and Kate will be going out with the boys playing football, so I decide to text Gina to see if she wants to do something. After all, she really needs a friend here for her right now.
I grab my mobile and send her a text message: Hi Gina fancy watchin a movie or something?
I have to wait ages until she finally replies back: Yea ok mine or urs?
I feel so relieved that she does actually want to hang out and quickly reply:
 I'll cum round urs n bring a few dvds. B round in half an hr.
Gina is already waiting for me when I get there and she looks a lot better than yesterday.
"What took you so long to reply earlier?" I ask her.
"Slept in," she replies.
"Lazy," I tease her and we head up to her bedroom.
We both sit on the floor and spread the DVDs out so we can choose.
"Let's have a comedy so we can have a good laugh," I suggest.
"Good idea."
So we settle for one of the Pink Panther movies and sit on her bed watching it while stuffing our face with mini choc chip cookies. 
After the film, an episode of Scrubs is coming on the TV, so we decide to watch that as well to make us giggle even more.
"I think JD's pretty cute," I say as I look at the main character and wonder if Matthew looks anything like him, 
"I prefer Turke," says Gina, looking dreamily at him.
"That's funny, I thought you might go for Kelso," I joke and she hits me with her pillow since Kelso is a seventy-five year old. 
Just as we are half way through another episode, both our mobiles buzz. We have received a text from Kate, who has finished her game of football: 
Wanna meet at the café 4 hot chocolate? 
We both answer 'yes' and make our way over to the local café near the beach called Butterflies. It's a really trendy café where most teenagers hang out, with stylish butterfly patterns on the walls and plastic butterfly decorations hanging from the ceiling.
When we get there, Kate has already saved us a table near the window. We all get a hot chocolate from the counter and sit, staring out of the window at the beach. We can see a few children running riot and a dog that is running away from his owner.
"Have you asked Jamie out yet?" Gina asks Kate, who starts to blush.
"No way, I told you the lads will laugh at me if they find out," answers Kate.
"Has he not asked you out either?" I ask, hoping that he will. Jamie does seem interested, even if Kate is denying it, so I don't know why he's holding back.
"No," sighs Kate, looking sad. 
"If you really want to know if he's interested, you should ask him out on a date," urges Gina. "Lads are too slow to do stuff, so most of the time it's up to us girls."
"You shouldn't bother what the other lads will think," I tell her. "You usually don't anyway."
"I know, but this is different," she says. "What if I ask him and he doesn't want to? He'll probably get all awkward and ignore me."
"There's only one way to find out," Gina tells her. "You'll have to ask him."
"But I can't, it's too awful," she says looking shy.
"I could ask him for you?" offers Gina, trying to be helpful.
"No thanks, I'd rather not," answers Kate.
"Okay then, I dare you to do it on Monday," I say, looking at Kate eagerly.
Gina grins at me, knowing that Kate can't resist a dare.
Kate hesitates.
"What's the matter? Are you chicken?" Gina teases her playfully and we both do chicken impressions and giggle. 
Kate gives us both an annoyed look, "Fine, I'll do it, as long as the lads aren't around." 
"But you have to do it on Monday," I remind her. 
"Alright," answers Kate, looking nervous, "but if he goes all funny with me afterwards, I'm blaming you two."
Chapter 12


On Monday morning, Gina and I tell Chloe about Kate's dare.
"That's pretty brave," says Chloe. "I wouldn't be able to do it." 
"You don't need to, guys are always asking you out," Kate reminds her. 
We're walking to our form room when Chloe sees Danny nearby.
"Oh crap," she mutters under her breath, not wanting to see him. 
"Are you still ignoring his texts?" Gina asks her.
"Yeah. I've still not got around to telling him I'm not interested yet."
Danny has already seen her and calls for her, starting to come over.
"I think you should just tell him, put him out of his misery," suggests Kate. 
Chloe nods in agreement, looking nervous.
"Hi Chloe," Danny greets her, smiling. 
"Hi," she answers nervously.
"Why didn't you answer my texts this weekend?" he asks, looking confused. "I was hoping we could go on another date." 
"I'm sorry," says Chloe, looking a little ashamed. "I just don't think it's a good idea that we date anymore." 
"Why not?" he asks, looking sad. 
"The thing is, I just don't like you enough to be your girlfriend. I'm really sorry."
He looks really hurt at her answer, but then it's replaced by anger.
"I wouldn't want to be with a stupid slag like you anyway," he retorts and storms off. 
I'm really shocked by his reaction. Do all boys act like that after rejection? 
Gina goes and puts her arm around Chloe, "you okay?"
"Of course I am," answers Chloe, not bothered at all by what he just said. She rolls her eyes. "Boys are so pathetic, they can't even take no for an answer." 
I smile at her. She took it better than I would have, but she has had more practice than me.
"Most lads act like that," Kate tells me, as we start walking to form room. "They hate to show when they're upset so they just go all moody instead if they're rejected."
"I hope you're not like that if Jamie turns you down," I joke.
"No way, I would take it a lot better than any immature lad could," she says.
She still looks nervous at asking Jamie out on a date though.

When school finishes, we all wait outside the school gates. It was Physical Education last lesson, which we all have together, so luckily we don't have to waste time waiting for each other at the end of school.
"What if Jamie's gone home already?" Chloe asks, looking impatient. 
"Then we'd be total idiots standing here for nothing," replies Kate.
I think she's just trying to get out of it.
"How can he have left, we got out before the bell, remember?" says Gina.  
"He'll probably be with the lads and I told you all I'm not doing it in front of them," Kate reminds us.
Luckily, we spot Jamie saying goodbye to his friends and heading in our direction alone. He must walk home in a different direction to the other guys, which is a great advantage right now
"Go on, Kate," Gina urges her. "Ask him." 
Kate nervously walks towards him. "Hi Jamie."
"Hi Kate," he greets and stops to talk to her.  
Me, Chloe and Gina quickly pretend to be mega busy on our mobiles so he won't notice we're listening.
"I was wondering if you want to go to the cinemas Wednesday night?" she asks nervously.
We can all see that Jamie is surprised at her asking him and Kate probably notices this too. "The thing is, there's this awesome horror film I wanna see and the girls are too chicken to come with me," she says innocently, "so I thought I'd ask you instead."
"Yeah, I'll come with you," he answers. "Are you inviting the other lads too?" 
This catches Kate off guard, "Well, I'd rather not?they'll probably spoil it acting childish and throwing popcorn around," she answers. "Unless you wanna invite them, so you're not just stuck with me?"
   "No, that's fine," he answers quickly. "I think I can put up with you for a few hours."
Kate grins knowing he's joking. "Okay, I'll see you tomorrow at football practice then," she says.
"Yeah, see ya," he says and starts walking away.
"I can't believe I just did that," Kate says to us as soon as Jamie is a safe distance away.
"I told you he'd say yes," says Gina, looking happy.
"And that shows he's interested in you, like I said," adds Chloe, looking chuffed that her prediction was right. "He wouldn't go to the cinemas with you alone if he didn't."
"What's this horror film you want to watch anyway?" I tease Kate, knowing she'd made it up.
"Oh no!" cringes Kate. "I hope there is a horror film on or else I'll look like a right idiot." 
"I'm sure there will be," Gina reassures her. "There's always a horror movie on."
"If there is, you can pretend to be scared and cuddle up to him," suggests Chloe grinning. 
Kate blushes, "No way I'm doing that. He'll think I'm a right wuss."

The girls and I don't have anything planned this evening, so I take the laptop to my bedroom and check my emails.
Matthew has sent me a new email so I open it excitedly read his reply:
I like heaps of action films and I love all the Saw films with all the gory parts. 
Would you still like to go on a date with me on Valentine's Day? We could watch a movie at the cinema? I promise not to make you watch any scary films. We could watch a comedy if you like?

My heart leaps with happiness. I can't believe a boy has finally asked me out on a date! I'm so incredibly happy that I'm dying to grab my mobile and tell the girls, but then I remember they still know nothing about Matthew or me taking part in the Valentine's Lucky Dip at school; so I have to stop myself. I'll have to confess all and explain everything to them tomorrow so I can finally tell them the good news.
I happily reply to his e-mail:
Yeah okay. Where should we meet? And what comedy film do you have in mind?
Unfortunately he isn't online and I don't get a reply back, so I eventually log off the laptop. 
I begin to feel nervous, although I'm still very excited. I need to think how I'm going to break my news to the girls and how I'll cope with being on my first ever date with a boy. I decide to tell the others after school, so we have more privacy to talk, and then I can get their help on the dating part.
Chapter 13


The next morning, I still feel mega excited and nervous. I wake up early so I can log onto my email account before I go to school. Matthew has sent me another e-mail:
Great! We can meet at the front of the Cinema in town at 8pm? And I guess we can choose a movie together when we get there? 
I reply back: Okay, that's fine. 
After sending it, I log off and leave for school. I'm trying to think of a way to tell the girls my news later on, while I'm stuck in form room that morning; but Kate is busy chatting to me about Jamie so I don't get much chance to think.
"What if he tells the lads?" asks Kate nervously. "I'll die of embarrassment if any of them find out."
"He might not say anything," I answer.
"He probably will," says Chloe. "Guys like to brag about going on dates." 
"If he has, I'm going to get a serious teasing from the lads," says Kate cringing at the thought of it, "and I have football practice with them all later on."
Luckily, we see Jamie on our way to French class and Kate quickly runs over to him.
"Hi Jamie," she calls.
"Hey Kate," he smiles at her. "Y' still up for the cinemas tomorrow night?" 
"Yeah," answers Kate. "What time do you wanna meet?" 
"Is seven alright?" he asks. "We can meet outside?"
"Yeah, that's fine. Just don't tell the lads about it?y' know what they'll be like if they find out."
"Sure, it can be our secret," he winks at her and leaves. 
"Did you see him wink at me? I feel like fainting," says Kate, looking surprised. 
"I bet he knows it's a date really," says Gina grinning.
We're still busy talking about it in French class. Chloe has Fashion Design instead, so there's just me, Kate and Gina. We try and talk quietly to each other, hoping not to be heard by the teacher, who is busy explaining something to the class.
We had once tried speaking in French to each other during lesson, so it would seem as if we were working instead, but we either got stuck with the words or said something wrong and ended up giggling; so we decided to stick to quiet English today. Besides, if the teacher heard us talking in French he might listen and obviously understand what we're really talking about.
"Didn't I say he likes you?" Gina says quietly to Kate. "It's so obvious the way he's really happy to see you."
"I know, it's weird that he didn't ask you out on a date," I say. 
"He's probably just scared of the lads teasing him, he seems relieved that I didn't want to say anything about it earlier, didn't he?" says Kate. 
"Okay everyone," announces our French teacher loudly. "I want you all to get into pairs for this next exercise."
Kate and I quickly pair up.
"What about me?" asks Gina, pulling a sad face.
"We've disowned you 'cause you're bad at French," replies Kate jokily and Gina sticks her tongue out at her.  
"We can be in a three though, can't we?" I ask, since we've got away with it a few times in the past, but not today.
"Georgina, you have to go into a pair," the teacher reminds her, spotting us together. "There are enough people in the class today for everyone to have a partner."
Gina pulls a face.
"I'll be your partner," offers Chad, a ginger haired guy who sits at the desk in front of us.
Gina looks up in surprise. It's not every day a guy jumps at the chance to partner with a girl, unless they are in a relationship. Whenever I have to pair up with a guy, they usually moan about it and try to sit as far away from me as possible.
"Okay," Gina replies, still looking startled as she moves to sit next to him on his desk.
"Looks like Gina's got a new boyfriend," Kate teases her loudly. 
Chad blushes as he hears and Gina gives Kate an evil look in reply. 
"Don't, you'll embarrass him," I whisper to Kate, feeling sorry for poor Chad. 
"I'll leave them alone," promises Kate. "I don't want to spoil things." 
We both grin at each other; sure that Gina has a new admirer. 

We all meet up at McDonalds after school as usual, since its Tuesday.
"So, do you like him then, Gina?" Chloe asks her.
Kate and I have already filled her in about Chad at break time and we haven't stopped teasing Gina about it yet.
"Of course not, we just worked together that's all," answers Gina, looking embarrassed.
"He likes you though," Kate teases her. "You can tell by the way he started blushing." 
"Shut up," says Gina, giving her a playful shove across the table and starts to blush herself. 
"How did Jamie act at football practice?" Chloe asks Kate, looking eager to find out any news.
"He acted like normal," answers Kate. "I told you he feels embarrassed about it in front of the lads." 
"I bet you're excited for tomorrow," I say.
"Yeah, but nervous too. It's gonna be weird meeting up on our own together." 
"Hey, maybe if it goes well you two can have another date on Valentine's Day!" Gina exclaims.
Kate blushes. "Maybe."
I smile, remembering how excited and nervous I am about meeting Matthew. I have to confess it to them now that we're all together on our own.
"Actually, I have a confession to make," I say, feeling very nervous.
They all look at me as if I'm about to admit that I've committed a murder or something. 
"I have a date for Valentine's Day."
They all look surprised for a few seconds and then start firing questions at me.
"Who it is?"
"How did you meet him?"
"Why haven't you told us?" 
"Chill out, I'll explain," I say and they finally give me chance to speak. 
"I joined the Valentine's Lucky Dip thing at school," I tell them, feeling embarrassed and looking shyly down at my food.
They all look shocked at my news and I hope they wouldn't think I'm a total loser for taking part in it.  
"Why did you do that?" asks Kate, looking surprised.
"It's just?well?I haven't had any luck with guys," I tell them, finding it hard to say, "so I thought I'd try that."
"But Ven, there might be some awful guys taking part in it," says Chloe, looking a little worried for me, "and what if he's a psycho stalker or something?"
"I know, don't worry. I've been really careful," I say, not wanting them to think I was stupid. I know it's dangerous emailing a stranger, even though they are at my school, because I still don't know whether I can trust him or not. "I've not given him any details about me or anything, just my e-mail address and my first name."
"Why didn't you tell us?" asks Gina. "You kept it a secret all this time."
"I'm sorry," I say, feeling bad. "I felt embarrassed about telling you all so I kept it to myself until he officially asked me." 
"You should have told us, you idiot," says Kate, grinning at me. "We wouldn't have teased you about it."
"I know," I say, knowing that I have great friends and they wouldn't let things like this put them off me, "and anyway, I was scared I wouldn't get a date after all, so I didn't want to tell you until I got one." 
"But you have found someone?" asks Chloe excitedly.
"Yeah I have," I admit. "I've been e-mailing him all week, and yesterday he asked me out on a date."
"So what's his name?" 
"How old is he?"
"Where's he from?"
So I start to tell them all I know about him to answer their questions. 
"I said I'd meet him at the cinemas on Friday night."
"We'll go with you," offers Gina, "just in case he turns out to be some weirdo." 
"Yeah, we can spy on you from inside the cinema," suggests Kate, looking eager to do a bit of spying. 
"And I can help you with your clothes and make-up before you go," says Chloe excitedly. 
I feel so relieved to finally tell them and I don't have to keep it a big secret anymore. At least now I have their help, so there is one less thing to worry about.
Chapter 14


In French the next day, we have to revise for a test in pairs and Gina ends up with her new admirer Chad. However, instead of revising, we're all chatting to each other quietly while the teacher is too busy marking another class's work to notice.
"So Gina, are you single?" Chad asks her.
Kate and I both look up as we hear this. I know he's interested in her but that makes it too obvious.
Gina blushes. "Yeah, unfortunately," she mutters uncomfortably and pretends to be reading something.
"I thought you were going out with that guy Lee?" he asks.
"We finished a week ago," she answers quietly.
Poor Gina, I bet she feels upset talking about it. She probably looks upset because Chad gives her a sympathetic look and pats her shoulder.
"He must be an idiot," he says. "If I was lucky enough to be your boyfriend, I'd never want to split with you."
Kate and I exchange glances with the same surprised expression. Honestly, this lad was flirting for England.
"Thanks," replies Gina, avoiding eye contact with him.
Luckily for Gina, the teacher finishes his marking and starts to test us on what we revised, or in our case hadn't revised, so Chad doesn't get any more time for flirting.  
After the lesson, we see Chad follow Gina out of the classroom.
"Gina, I was wondering," he starts, "since it's Valentine's day on Friday and you're single, would you be interested in going on a date with me?"
He blushes so much his face is nearly as red as his hair, and Gina looks at the floor looking pretty uncomfortable.
"I'm not ready to get involved with any other guy yet," she replies. "I'm sorry."
He looks gutted at her reply and I feel sorry for him too and want to beg Gina to go with him. Gina turns and walks along the corridor, so Kate and I have to run to catch up with her.
"Why did you say that?" Kate asks her.
"Like I said, I'm not ready to start dating or having relationships with anyone else yet," replies Gina.
"But you have to move on sometime," Kate reminds her, "and Chad's so sweet to you."
"I know, but it's only been a week. I'm not going to move on so quickly as if it meant nothing," says Gina, with tears in her eyes. She's probably thinking that although she's being loyal to Lee by not moving on so quickly, he has regardless of her feelings.
I put my arm around her sympathetically, knowing it must be hard for her.
"And I'm still hurt over it, so I don't want anyone else yet," Gina finishes and then leaves us to go to her next lesson.
I watch her go, feeling sad for her.
"Do you think she'll be okay?" I ask Kate, feeling worried.
"Yeah, she will," answers Kate. "Don't worry, we'll check up on her at break."

Gina seems fine at break time, so Kate and I keep quiet about earlier, not wanting to set her off again. Instead, we fill Chloe in on the gossip about Chad. This is a mistake as Chloe continues to nag her to go on the date. This goes on right through break time, third lesson and to lunch time. By then Gina is sick of her talking about Chad. However, we both know Chloe is right, she should just go on the date and forget about Lee.
"Like I said to you," Chloe starts off again as we eat lunch, "Lee's moved on so you should too. It'll help you get over it if you start going on dates with someone else."
"I've already said I'm not," insists Gina.
I look at her worriedly hoping that Chloe's pestering won't upset her.
A blonde haired boy comes over to our table and Chloe immediately stops bothering Gina and gives him flirtatious looks. Kate rolls her eyes at me to say: 'Honestly, we can't take her anywhere!'
"Chad asked me to give you this note," he tells Gina, giving her a folded up piece of paper and then leaves.
"What does it say?" Chloe asks her excitedly.
Gina unfolds the paper and we all read the scruffy writing:
Please say you'll go on a date with me? From Chad x
"Why can't he just take no for an answer?" says Gina, sounding annoyed.
I guess this wasn't the best time to give her that note, especially since Chloe has done enough nagging already.
"Maybe he's fallen for you and won't leave you alone until you say yes," suggests Chloe grinning.
"I hope not," replies Gina. "I've got enough with you on my case."
"Come on Gina, just date him," Kate says to her. "He might leave you alone if you do and then you could say you're not interested afterwards if you're still not ready."
"And you deserve a date right now," insists Chloe. "Just go for it. You won't know whether you are ready or not until you try."

Late that evening, I'm sending another e-mail to Matthew when Kate signs in on Facebook as promised and sends me a message. I quickly go onto Facebook to reply.

Kate: Hey.

Ven: Hi, how did the date go?

Kate: Great! He asked me out on another date afterwards too, an OFFICIAL date!

Ven: It must have gone well! Glad things worked out for you.

Kate: He knew I was asking him out on a real date, even though I pretended it was a mate date (Cringe!) He said he thought it was pretty funny that I did, but he would have said yes to a proper date anyway, so now we're officially dating! Can't believe it!

Ven: When are you seeing him next?

Kate: Tomorrow night.

Ven: He must be keen! Good luck with it! How was the film?

Kate: Scary. I had to look away a few times so I wouldn't jump so much. What are you and Matthew watching on Friday?

Ven: You should have used Chloe's advice and cuddled up to him. We're going to watch a comedy film.

Kate: Cool. Nervous?

Ven: Very.

Kate: Don't worry, if he turns out to be some weird psycho I'll rugby tackle him. 

Ven: LOL thanks. Hey! You and Jamie will probably be going on a date on Valentine's Day too.

Kate: I hope so.

After chatting to Kate for another half hour, Chloe and Gina come online too, so I chat with them. My mum eventually starts nagging me to get off the laptop, so I quickly type goodbye to all of them, shut down the laptop and go to bed.
Chapter 15


The next day at school, Chad is waiting for Gina outside the school gates.
"Oh no," moans Gina, but it's too late to hide behind us because he sees her.
"Hi Gina," he calls and walks towards us.
"Hi," Gina greets him, sounding uncomfortable.
"I got this for you," he says, giving her one of those pretend, red roses. "I know it's not Valentine's Day until tomorrow, but I wanted you to have it."
"Aww," says Chloe quietly, thinking Chad is very sweet.
"Thanks," says Gina, blushing, "but I did say I wasn't going on a date with you."
"I know. I just really hope you'll change your mind. You're a really nice girl and I don't think you should stay away from lads just because someone didn't appreciate you enough." He looks at her hopefully. "Will you please come on a date with me and give me a chance?" he asks her again. 
Gina looks uncertainly at us. I think our 'move on' talk and Chad's sweet pleading is slowly winning her over. We all mouthed 'say yes' to her, hoping she will.
"Alright," she says, turning back to him, "I'll go on the date, but if I don't feel ready for a relationship afterwards then we'll have to stay friends."
Chad smiles happily at her answer. "That's fine. So I can see you tomorrow? About seven?"
"Yeah, okay," she answers.
"I'll message you on Facebook tonight. See you around," he says and walks away looking very happy.
We all give Gina a hug.
"Well done," says Chloe, feeling pleased that she's finally moving on. "I thought you would say no."
"I know, I did too," says Gina, looking startled but happy.
"Trust me, you won't regret it," Kate reassures her. "I bet you two will end up together."
"We'll see," replies Gina.
"I'm so fed up. That means all three of you will have a date for Valentine's Day and I won't," Chloe says pouting. 
"That'll be a first," jokes Kate, grinning. 
"Don't worry, maybe you'll get asked out by that hot guy from McDonalds," I remind her.
"I might have been if Kate would have fixed us up like I asked," she replies moodily.

After horse riding lesson that evening, I start on my English coursework and then log onto Facebook, so I can chat with the girls. Luckily, Chloe and Gina are already online, so we start a group message.

Gina: Chad just sent me a message about seeing him tomorrow. I'm so nervous. I don't know whether this is a good idea.

Chloe: Trust me, you'll be fine once you're on the date.

Gina: I still miss Lee and I don't really want to move on.

Chloe: Chad is much better than him.

Ven: Yeah, Chad's really sweet to you. You're so lucky. I bet he'll be a great boyfriend.

Gina: But he might not be my boyfriend yet, if I'm not ready. Chloe, I know I'm an idiot for still liking him but I still really care about him, so no matter how awful he is I'll still like him unfortunately.

Chloe: Just remind yourself that you deserve better.

Ven: We'll be here for you. I know moving on must be a big step but it'll be okay.

Gina: Thanks.

Chloe: Chad's a good catch so take him!

Gina: I said I'll see how it goes.

Ven: I wonder how Kate's going on for her date.

Gina: They'll probably be all over each other by now.

Chloe: Yeah, she won't be single for long, so it'll be just us three, but then you two are both nearly fixed up so I'll be left alone.

Ven: Now you know how it feels LOL

Chloe: Cheeky!

Gina: Don't worry, I'm sure your boy magnet powers will catch a boy sometime soon, even if you have to wait until after Valentine's Day. 

Chloe: Let's hope so, I hate being single.

Ven: Chloe you saddo, you don't need a guy to be happy. I should know.

Chloe: LOL Yeah I know you're right, I just can't help feeling lonely.

Ven: It's only been just over a month since you had a bf!

Gina: It's 'cause she's used to having male attention all the time so it probably feels weird for her not having it.

Chloe: You two are making it sound as if I'm a slag LOL.

Gina: Knowing you, you'll end up having 2 boyfriends by the end of the week LOL

Chloe: LOL if only.

   At that moment, Kate came online, so I added her to our group message.

Ven: Hi Kate! How did the date go?

Kate: Brill!

Chloe: Lucky thing! Are you his girlfriend yet?

Kate: No, he's not asked me out yet, but he did flirt with me a lot on the date (blush)

Gina: Ooohh, Mrs Jamie Anderson LOL

Kate: LOL I wish!

Ven: Has he asked you on a date tomorrow?

Kate: Not yet, but he said he'd like to spend more time with me and he's been texting me loads. So maybe he will eventually ask me. 

Chloe: I bet he does and he's defo asking you to be his gf soon!

Kate: Fingers crossed!

Gina: Ven, have you talked to Matthew?

Ven: Yeah. We've been sending e-mails to each other every day and he says he's really looking forward to meeting me.

Chloe: Be careful though. I hope he's not some loser.

Kate: He won't be! Don't listen to her Ven, she's just jealous.

Gina: Yeah, bet he's really nice.

Ven: I'm really nervous. What if I get all tongue-tied with him on the date?

Chloe: Don't worry, lads won't mind that, trust me. They just hate it when girls go on and on.

Kate: Like you LOL

Chloe: Maybe?

Gina: I hope he doesn't talk too much about football or you might fall asleep on the date LOL.

Ven: LOL. I hope not.

Kate: How dare you say football is boring! It's the best! 

Chloe: Are we still meeting at your house so I can do your make-up?

Ven: Yep.

Gina: And I can help you with your clothes! We can all get ready together before our dates.

Ven: Okay. Thanks.

Kate: Don't let her do it Ven! I'm never letting Chloe put make-up anywhere near me after last time.

Chloe: It wasn't my fault he didn't like it.

Gina: I thought Chloe made you look great.

Chloe: So I guess that means no Valentine's Day make-over for you, Kate? 

Kate: No way!

Chloe: *pouts*

Ven: Sorry, gotta go now. Need to finish the rest of this boring English coursework for tomorrow. Seeya.

Chloe: Aww

Gina: Byeeee! (hugs)

Kate: See you tomorrow.

Chloe: Bye Ven.
Chapter 16


The next morning it's Valentine's Day! I don't get any cards in the post, worst luck. I do get a cute email from Matthew saying 'Happy Valentine's Day' with a wink and kisses, so I was pretty chuffed with that. 
When I meet the girls at school this morning, Chloe is in a mood as predicted.
"I didn't get anything! Not one card," she moans to us.
"For once," Kate mutters to me. 
"There's still time," Gina reminds her.
"Maybe you'll get one from Danny," I tease her. 
She pulls her tongue out at me in reply, "I hope not. So did you get one from Matthew?"
"No, he doesn't know my address, so he sent me an email instead."
"Sweet," says Gina. "Did you get anything from Jamie, Kate?"
"I'm not sure," she answers, "I did receive a card but there's no name on it."
"I bet it is from him," Chloe insists. "He might be too embarrassed about your team finding out."
"Are you giving one to him?" I ask her.
Kate blushes, "only once I'm on the date. I don't want anyone else to see it."
"And what about you, Gina?" Chloe asks her.
Gina grins and pulls a big Valentine's card out of her bag.
"Wow! That's impressive," Chloe says, looking jealous.
The card looks gorgeous. It's in the shape of a heart with two teddy bears in the center kissing and 'Happy Valentine's Day' written across the top.
"To Gina, I'm so happy you're my Valentine. Love Chad xxxxx," we read, which follows a series of 'awws' from all three of us. Gina goes even redder. 
"And look how many kisses there are," Kate teases her.
Gina quickly snatches the card back and hides it back inside her bag, looking embarrassed. 

At lunch time, we all eat at the cafeteria together so we can chat about tonight.
"I'm so scared of seeing Jamie," says Kate nervously. "I haven't seen him all morning and things are going to be weird now it's Valentine's Day and we're going on a date tonight."
"You'll get used to it," Chloe reassures her.
"But what if he acts all normal with me instead?" asks Kate, "like if he just acts like a mate to me in front of the lads in case they find out."
"Well there's a chance he might," says Gina thoughtfully, "but I'm sure if you were in a relationship he won't pretend you're still just mates."
"If he does go all friend mode on you it's probably 'cause he doesn't want you to get embarrassed. Especially if all the lads say stuff and put you off the idea of dating him," says Chloe.
"Yeah, I guess so," says Kate, "but the lads will probably find out soon anyway. I know they're stupid but they're not blind. We've been pretty lucky keeping it a secret for this long."
"I bet you're wishing it was French today Gina, so you could snuggle up with Chad," Chloe teases her.
"I might be," she replies, but she still looks a little nervous at the thought of going on the date tonight.
"I wonder if you see Matthew today at school, Ven," says Kate excitedly.
"Well, we might, we just won't know it," I reply, feeling a little sad.
I still don't know what he looks like, so he could be sitting near me in one of my lessons and I won't have a clue. On the other hand, it's kind of exciting and mysterious to be having a blind date. He might turn out to be one of the school's hottest guys. Let's just hope he isn't one of the idiotic boys in my classes.
When we finish lunch and walk outside, Kate immediately sees Jamie nearby hanging out with all the lads from the football team.
She blushes, "do you think I should go over and talk to him?"
"No, let him do the chasing," advises Chloe.
Jamie is busy messing around with the lads at first, but then he notices Kate walking past and calls over to her. Kate blushes even more because he noticed her.
"Hi Kate," he says, running over to her. "Do you mind if we go somewhere more private to talk?"
Gina, Chloe and I exchange glances at this.
"Yeah, that's fine," answers Kate and they walk off.
"Let's follow them and listen," Chloe whispers to us.
I'm not usually a nosy person like Chloe, but I can't help wanting to hear what Jamie is saying to Kate, so I go with Chloe and Gina as they follow them.
Jamie and Kate walk around to where the bikes are parked, since no one is around there, and sit on a bench to talk. Gina, Chloe and I stand behind a wall, since this is the closest we can get to them without being seen.
All three of us stay silent and listen. We can only just hear what they're saying.
"I've really enjoyed our dates together," we hear Jamie say to her.
"Me too," answers Kate, looking shy.
"The thing is, I really like you," he says, looking shy too, "so I was wondering if you wanted to be my girlfriend?"
Me, Chloe and Gina grin at each other.
"Yeah, okay," answers Kate, smiling happily at him.
Jamie smiles back at her too, looking very happy that they're now in a relationship, "I thought it would be pretty cool to ask you today, y' know with it being Valentine's Day and everything," he says, looking down at the floor and scuffing his trainers.
"Yeah, I suppose so. I guess it was you who sent me the card this morning?"
Jamie nods, "sorry, I just didn't want to put my name in case the guys found out about it."
"I understand, but I wouldn't have said anything about it if you had put your name on."
"So how long have you fancied me?" he asks her.
"Well?for weeks I guess," answers Kate, looking down shyly.
"Really?" he asks, looking surprised. "I've liked you for a while too, but I was scared to tell you in case you just thought of me as a mate."
"I thought that too," admits Kate. "I'm really glad I asked you out on that date."
"Me too, but I wish I'd asked you out on one sooner," he says. "I've been trying to think of how to ask you for days and then you beat me to it."
Kate grins at him.
"You're not really that scared of the lads teasing us once they find out we're together, are you?" she asks him.
"No, 'course not. It doesn't matter about them finding out I like you 'cause we're together now."
"We'll still be in for a big teasing though," she reminds him.
"It'll be worth it," he says, looking at her. "By the way, did you dress up at that party for me?"
"Maybe," answers Kate and Jamie grins at her.
"You didn't have to y'know, I like you the way you are," he says and Kate looks as if she's going all shy again.
"You're the most amazing girl I've ever met," he tells her. "I love that you like playing football and you're not bothered about hanging out with lads. Plus I'm really glad that you don't fuss about your hair and make-up the way other girls do."
"Thanks," says Kate, blushing. "So you don't mind having a girlfriend who's better at football than you?"
Jamie grins at her joke. "No way, I'm better than you any day," he teases her and she pushes him playfully.
"So do you want me to call for you tonight?" he asks. "We could meet at the park and play a bit of football together?"
"Yeah, that'll be cool," she answers.
"I'd better get back to the lads before they wonder where I am," he tells her. "I'll see you tonight."
He gives her a kiss on the lips and then runs off to catch up with the lads.
"I'll see you later," she calls back to him smiling.
Gina, Chloe and I quickly press ourselves against the wall as he walks past, trying to avoid him seeing us. Luckily, he must be busy thinking about Kate and doesn't notice us at all. However, when Kate walks by she spot us.
"Have you been spying on me?" she asks, but she's too happy to be cross with us.
"A little," admits Chloe. "I'm so happy for you!" she says and gives her a hug. "I told you he'd ask you out soon."
"I know, I can't believe I'm his girlfriend now," says Kate excitedly, and me and Gina both hug her too because we're all so happy for her.
"That's so sweet that he asked you out on Valentine's Day," I say, wishing more than anything that it would happen to me. It's so romantic.
"It might still happen for you and Gina," Chloe reminds us. 

That evening, Gina and Chloe arrange to come over to my place after dinner, so we can get ready for our dates together. Kate is just wearing her newest top and jeans for the date, so she's staying at home instead to wait for Jamie.
"Chloe's not coming," Gina informs me when she arrives.
"Why not?" I ask, feeling pretty fed up since she'd promised to do my make-up.
"See for yourself," says Gina and hands me her mobile phone to read a text she has received from Chloe:
Sorry can't make it. U'll never guess what! I've been asked on a date 2nite by that fit guy who works at McDonalds! How cool is that?! I'll tell you all the goss 2morow.
"Lucky thing," I comment.
"That's just Chloe, isn't it? We should have known there was no way she'd be staying in on Valentine's Day. I can't believe she actually managed to get a date with him," says Gina. "So wanna just get ready together? We can do each other's make-up and hair."
"Okay," I agree and we go up to my bedroom to get ready. 
Chapter 17


I feel mega excited for my date as Gina and I get the bus to town together, but even though it feels great to actually be going on a date, I suddenly feel sick with nerves. 
"Feeling nervous?" Gina asks, looking concerned.
"Yeah," I answer, feeling even more ill as I look at my mobile and realize I will finally meet Matthew in half an hour's time. 
"I can't wait to see what he looks like," says Gina excitedly. "I hope he's hot."
The bus journey seems to take forever and my heart doesn't stop pounding hard the whole way. I feel so anxious as we get off the bus and nearly want to turn back; but I remind myself how much I want this and go the rest of the way to the cinema. 
Gina made me look gorgeous before we left my house. She chose my indigo vest top and best jeans with some sexy, black boots that I've borrowed from her for the night. I'm also wearing my favorite necklace and Gina's silver hoop earrings. I've put on mascara and lip gloss. We didn't have any indigo colored eye shadow, so we had to do light blue instead, and Gina straightened my hair again.
"I hope it goes well for you," she says.
"Me too." I still can't believe I'm finally going on a date and I might be meeting my future boyfriend soon.
We arrive at the cinema right on eight o'clock.
"You stay here while I go ahead," she tells me in her mission speech.
We organized our plan before setting out. The plan is that Gina will go into the cinema before I arrive, so she can see what's happening and keep an eye on me from inside the cinema, without looking suspicious. 
I feel a little safer at knowing that at least I have Gina as back-up if anything goes wrong, but I still feel anxious about the actual date. I watch her walk ahead towards the cinema and wait, counting the seconds until I get to three minutes, then start to walk towards the cinema. 
My heart beats wildly as I see a teenage boy with black hair waiting outside the cinema entrance. I know its Matthew right away and, for a moment, I feel relieved that he looks like a normal, good looking guy, and not some idiot or trouble maker.
I walk towards him, feeling sick with nerves. He looks up, sees me approaching and smiles. His smile is so wonderful I feel butterflies inside.
"Hi," he greets. "You're Vanessa, right?"
I nod, feeling so shy I just want to go to the toilets and stay there hiding, which is stupid since I'm so lucky to be here on a date with him.
"Feeling shy?" he asks me.
I manage a 'yes', beginning to blush. I know if I say anything else I'll just get tongue-tied as usual, like I always do around good looking boys.    
"Don't worry about it," he reassures me. "I don't mind doing all the talking. If I talk too much just tell me to shut up."
I smile at his joke and he smiles back at me.
"So, do you want to pick a movie and then go get tickets?" he asks.
"Okay," I reply and we both walk into the cinema together.
We go over to look at the big cinema poster with all the movie details. We decide on one of the comedies, which starts in fifteen minutes, and join the queue to buy tickets at the counter.
I see Gina watching us over from the Pick & Mix section and she smiles at me and gives me the thumps up sign, to indicate that she thinks he looks good. I quickly give her a smile, while Matthew isn't looking, to tell her that he seems safe and I'm okay with being alone with him for the next two hours. 
I quickly look away from her, not wanting Matthew to realize we're being spied on. He starts telling me all about the football matches he goes to and about the team he supports. Luckily I don't find it too boring because I can just relax and listen to him, instead of panicking about being asked questions and trying to think of what to say. 
We get to the front of the queue pretty quickly and he pays for our tickets. I look around and notice that Gina has now left to meet up with Chad for her date at the ten-pin bowling center next door.
Matthew buys us a box of popcorn to share and we go into Screen Room 2 and sit in the middle row together.
"I think it's really cool you have a hobby like horse riding. Don't you ever get afraid of falling off?" he asks me as we start on the popcorn.
Alarm bells start going in my head because being asked questions by guys always makes me panic in case I say something stupid.
"Well, I have a few times already, but nothing serious," I answer. 
"Let's hope I'm not visiting you in hospital for our next date," he jokes and I giggle, feeling so happy that I've met him. I love a boy who can make me laugh.
"Where do you go for your lessons?"
"It's at a farm half an hour's drive away from my house," I answer, feeling less shy now I know I can talk to him. "They own a few horses so they do lessons there."
"Cool," he answers. "Are your parents not thinking of getting you a horse?"
"No way," I answer. "My parents said they'll never buy me a horse, but I might get one when I get a job."
"Never mind, if you don't want me as your boyfriend I could be your horse instead," he says and does a very silly impression of a horse that makes me laugh.
The film is beginning to start, so I try to stop laughing, which isn't easy because Matthew starts telling horse jokes. The film is quite funny, so we're soon laughing again. 
When the movie finishes, we go for a drink at the café upstairs and talk about the funniest parts of the film so we can laugh about it all over again. Unfortunately, I'm giggling so much I'm scared of drinking, so I only risk little sips of Pepsi at a time.
"What year are you in at school? I haven't seen you there," he asks me, once we've calmed down and stopped laughing.  
"Year ten. What about you?"
"Year eleven," he says. "I can't wait to start college after summer."
"Do you know what you're studying at college yet?"
"Not sure, I'm still thinking about it. I guess you'll be studying to be a vet once you leave?"
I feel really happy that he's remembered. "Yeah, I bet it's going to be really difficult," I say.
I realize the time and start to feel nervous.
"I'd better be going," I say apologetically, feeling sad that our date is coming to an end. "I promised my parents I'd be back for eleven."
"Okay," he says, looking disappointed too. "Do you want to meet up again sometime?"
"Yeah, I'd love to," I answer, feeling very excited.
"Is tomorrow okay or is that too soon?" he asks.
"Tomorrow's fine, but I'm not sure what time yet," I say, remembering that I had agreed to meet up with Gina, Chloe and Kate tomorrow to discuss our dates. 
"Great. I can text you tomorrow and we'll arrange something," he says. "Can I have your mobile number?"
"Okay," I agree and we both swap mobiles and add our mobile numbers onto them.
I take my mobile back excitedly. He's the first guy I have ever given my mobile number to.
"Are you okay getting home?" he asks me as we walk out of the cinema. "I could walk you back or to the bus station or whatever."
I feel touched, but there's no way I can let him. I've already asked my parents to pick me up and I'm too embarrassed for them to find out I've been out with a boy.
"No it's okay, I promised to walk back with a friend," I lie.
"Okay, well I'll see you tomorrow," he says, smiling at me.
"Yeah, see ya," I say and he sets off in the opposite direction. 
When he's gone, I quickly ring my parents and they agree to pick me up in the car. I told them I've been out with Gina, so hopefully they still don't suspect anything, even if it is Valentine's Day. 
Chapter 18


On Saturday morning, I meet up with the girls at Butterflies cafe and they all pounce on me excitedly, eager to find out all the gossip about my date.
"How did it go?" asks Gina.
"Great. He's really nice," I answer.
"Gina told us he's quite fit," says Kate, making me blush at remembering how good looking he was.
"Yeah he is," I reply.
I'm still wondering if the date last night might have all been a dream, but luckily I have Gina as a witness to say it was real. 
"Did he ask you out on another date?" questions Chloe.
"Yeah, I'm seeing him later today," I answer, feeling excited.
"He must be keen," says Kate. 
I tell them all about the date, feeling so happy to be telling them all about a guy I've met for once; instead of me having to just listen to their stories.
It's always been Gina or Chloe who tells us all about their boyfriends or dates, and all I could do is talk about some silly crush I had where nothing ever happened. However, now things are different and I feel so lucky. I just hope that Matthew and I will become an item in the future, so I have more than just a date to talk about.
"So how did you get a date so soon, Chloe?" Kate asks her once I've finished. "That's surprising even for you."
Chloe grins, looking mega chuffed with herself and starts to tell us the whole story, "My mum went to pick my little sis up from ballet class and we needed to go somewhere for dinner, so I quickly suggested McDonalds," she says. "I thought he might not be working, especially with it being Valentine's Day, but he was! I went to order our meals and we flirted a little, and once he knew I was single he asked if I wanted to go on a date after his shift, so I said yes."
"And you left me and Gina on our own," I say jokily and nudge her.
"I'm sorry," she says, "but I just really wanted a date, since all of you lot were going on one, and I couldn't miss a chance to see him. I'm glad I did turn you down anyway or I wouldn't have been going on a date. I mean, it's not every day you get asked on a date by a hot guy."
Gina, Kate and I give each other looks as if to say 'with Chloe it is' and Chloe pulls her tongue out at us.
"Anyway, I can hang out with you girls anytime so it's no big deal," she says.
"It doesn't matter, me and Ven managed without you," says Gina. "So what happened after?"
"Yeah, how did you get your mum to let you go?" I ask, knowing that my parents would definitely not be happy if I went off with some stranger who was older than me. 
"Obviously I couldn't tell her the truth. I lied that I was meeting up with Kate at her house, saying we both didn't have dates tonight so we were just going to watch a movie together," she explains. "I said I'd walk over to Kate's from there, so once she'd driven away I left with Dave," she smiles. "He's so amazing. I can't believe I'm lucky enough to be dating him; and he's seventeen! He's at his first year at college so he's working at McDonalds part time."
She tells us all about her night, looking excited. "Then he said he'll take me out for a meal at this new restaurant tonight, so I'll be seeing him again later," she finishes.  
"I'm really happy for you," says Kate. "Now we don't have to put up with you moaning about being single."
Chloe gives her a nudge, "it's not my fault single life is boring."
"So how was your night, Kate?" I ask her.
"It was great. It feels so ace being his girlfriend."
"So did you just play football with him at the park?" asks Chloe, obviously thinking that sort of date would have been boring.
"We did for a while and then we went for a walk and ate ice cream," answers Kate.
"Aww, that's cute," comments Gina.  
"And then we went back to his place and watched a DVD and ordered pizza. It was so cool."
"Did you do more snogging?" I ask her, grinning.
Kate blushes, "maybe, but we couldn't do it much while we were at his house 'cause his parents were around."
"I bet you got up to some snogging with Chad," Chloe teases Gina, 
"No, we didn't," she giggles. "We just talked and played ten-pin bowling together."
"So do you want to start going out with him?" Kate asks her.
"Well I do fancy him, but I'm still not sure I want a relationship yet. We talked about it when he walked me home and he said he'd wait for me, until I feel ready for him to be my boyfriend. I agreed to meet up with him later today but we're still just friends for now."
"You won't be for long," says Chloe. "He's going to win you over in the end, I can tell." 
Chapter 19


I get a text message from Matthew after lunch with the girls. He asks if I want to go to the ten-pin bowling center and we arrange to meet there at three o'clock.
I have to go home to make myself look pretty for the date and then I catch the bus there. 
On the way, I feel all worked up again. I know I should be a little less nervous now I know he's a nice guy and I saw him recently, but because I fancy him it seems to make things worse.
I'm so worried that he might decide he doesn't want a relationship with me after our date. We're only dating yet and he can easily change his mind about me at any time. I know that if he didn't want to make me an official girlfriend, I'd feel so hurt and gutted, because I want more than anything for him to be my boyfriend. At least it's reassuring that we've got past the first date, so that must mean he likes me. 
I try to distract myself by texting the girls on the way there and soon arrive outside the ten-pin bowling center. Matthew is already there waiting for me.
"Hi," he greets cheerfully. "You okay?"
"Yeah, I'm fine," I answer quickly, although I feel anything but fine because I'm so nervous.
"You look great," he comments, looking a little shy for once.
"Thanks," I answer blushing.
"So are you any good at bowling?" he asks me, turning back to his wonderful, chatty self.
"Not that great," I admit, although Chloe told me this is a good thing, since boys hate losing.
"Me neither," he admits, which surprises me.
Doesn't a boy usually act like they're great at everything because they're too embarrassed to admit they're bad at something? Most boys do, according to Kate. I just hope Matthew doesn't throw a tantrum if I win, like Kate warned me. 
"Don't worry, I'm not that bothered about it being a competitive game or anything. We're just here to have fun," he says, probably realizing I look nervous. 
"Okay," I agree, although I still feel worried all the same.
We pay at the counter for two games, change into bowling shoes and then go to our alley, which is right at the end. Not many people are playing so far and I'm glad there isn't. Hardly anyone being around makes me feel more relaxed.
"Do you want to go first?" he asks as he types our names into the machine.
"No it's fine, you can go first," I answer, feeling shy and less confident.
He takes his go and knocks down six pins. I feel nervous as I watch him. What if I'm terrible? He'll probably wish he's nothing to do with me. He'll be embarrassed that I'm actually his date and maybe future girlfriend. 
He takes his second turn and knocks down two more, leaving two at the edge still standing.
"Okay, your turn," he smiles at me.
I smile back at him nervously and walk over to get a bowling ball. I'm still nervous as I pick up the first one and try to lift it, but it's so heavy I nearly drop it on my foot.
"Here, take this one, it's much lighter than the others," he offers, handing me a smaller, pink bowling ball that children probably use.
"Thanks," I say gratefully, taking it off him. I awkwardly place my fingers into the holes and walk to the line on our bowling alley. 
All of a sudden, I completely forget how to bowl. That's what happens when I'm nervous, my memory just goes. I know I have to roll it into the pins, obviously I'm not that stupid, but I've forgot how I'm supposed to position myself and swing my arm, and I don't want to do anything in case I do it wrong and look like an idiot.
"Need help?" he asks.
I cringe, feeling so embarrassed that he's noticed. "Yeah please," I answer. "How do you bowl it?"
I feel myself cringe even more. He'll probably think I'm a complete idiot now.
"Don't worry, it's easy," he reassures me and helps me position myself correctly. My skin tingles with excitement at feeling his arm against mine.
"Now you just swing your arm forward and let go of the bowling ball," he says, holding my arm to show me how to swing correctly.
"Okay, thanks," I say, still feeling very embarrassed.
He goes back to the seat to let me do it on my own, so I take a deep breath and bowl. The bowling ball rolls from one side to the other while going down, but it hits five pins over when it gets to the end.
"Well done," he congratulates me. At least he doesn't think I'm stupid. "Now you just need to try and get the five on that side."
I get another light bowling ball and try again. I only manage to hit two more, but I'm still pleased.
We continue our game for another half hour. Matthew is heaps of points ahead of me at first, but then I start catching up, getting the hang of bowling at last, until I'm only nine points behind him. 
At the end of the game, I'm in the lead by four points, but I suspect Matthew deliberately didn't do well on his last two turns so I could win.
We play a second game after that and this time Matthew wins. Luckily, he doesn't start bragging about it like most boys do and just smiles as I congratulate him.
We both get a Slushy drink from the cafe and sit having a chat. I'm surprised how easy it is to talk to him now I'm not so nervous around him and we seem to be getting on well again.
When it's nearly six o'clock, Matthew walks me back to the bus stop and stays talking with me while I wait.
"Do you want to see each other tomorrow?" he asks, looking a little sad that I have to leave.
I feel bad, "I'm sorry but I promised to hang out with my friends tomorrow," I answer, knowing that we need some serious catching up to do. "Maybe we can see each other Monday after school?"
"Okay," he smiles, "I can meet you outside the school gates, or after dinner if that's better?"
"After dinner would be great," I say and smile too, feeling so happy that he wants to see me again after our second date.
Obviously this is a very good sign. I wonder how many dates we have until we start a relationship. I'll have to ask Chloe tomorrow to see what she thinks. 
"I'll text you," he promises. "I'm really glad you still want to see me."
"Me too," I answer. "I mean, I'm happy you want to meet me again."
We both feel pretty shy and embarrassed now, so he quickly changes the subject.
"Well, enjoy tomorrow with your friends," he says.
"Thanks, I will," I answer.
I spot the bus coming into view and put my hand out to signal. The bus slows down and pulls up in front of me.
"See ya, Vanessa," he says, giving me a quick hug before I leave.
I smile and blush, shyly giving him a hug back. "Bye."
I jump onto the bus, feeling so happy I feel like I can fly home, and drop into an empty seat. The bus starts up and I wave to Matthew through the window as the bus pulls away and starts driving me back home. 
Chapter 20


I can't stop thinking of Matthew when I arrive back home and have dinner with my family. I feel so incredibly lucky, knowing there is a better chance to be his girlfriend now.
I can't wait to talk to the girls, so I log onto the laptop and go onto Facebook to talk to them. At first, none of them are online, so I finish some of my homework ready for Monday.
Finally they come online so we do a group message and begin some serious gossiping.

Kate: So, how did the date with Matthew go, Ven?

Ven: Really well. We had a good game of bowling and he said he wants to see me Monday after school. 

Chloe: You're definitely in there, babe.

Gina: Was he okay doing bowling? He didn't go into a boyish strop did he?

Chloe: And please tell me you let him win!

Ven: He was fine. He didn't act like that at all. We both won a game each but I think he let me win the first one.

Kate: I'm so shocked! Is this guy real? LOL

Gina: Sounds like a good catch.

Ven: Chloe, how many dates am I supposed to have before me and Matthew start a relationship? 'Cause things are going pretty well so far. 

Chloe: Sometimes it only takes 1 or 2, then others it might take 3 or more. It depends on how long it takes you both to decide whether you want to be together or not. 

Ven: I hope it doesn't take too long. I already know I really want him to be my bf.

Gina: It shouldn't take long. It sounds as if he really likes you too. 

Ven: (blush) I hope so. 

Chloe: Speaking of good catches; how was it with your future bf, Gina?

Gina: I told you, it's not like a date. We just hung out as mates today. 

Kate: So have you decided whether you're actually going to go out with him yet? 

Gina: I'm still not sure. He seems so sweet and I admit he does seem like he would be a great boyfriend. Maybe I will be his gf once I'm ready.

Chloe: I think you should just go for it instead of being boring and waiting around. Who wants to be single anyways if you've already got someone you like begging to be your bf. 

Kate: Yeah Gina, just forget about that creep and go out with Chad. He'll be sad if you keep him waiting long.

Gina: I know, I feel mean as it is. 

Chloe: Then just say YES!

Gina: I'll think about it.

Kate: (rolls eyes) So how was it with Mr Dishy at McDonalds, Chloe?

Chloe: We had a great date and he asked me out! Updating my relationship status now!

Ven: I'm so pleased for you! Way to go Chloe!

Gina: Lucky thing.

Kate: I wish I knew your secret. You've only known him for a day! But I guess now Jamie and I are finally together it doesn't really matter.

Gina: So you're saying that after Ven gets with Matthew I'll be on my ownio?

Kate: No, you'll finally see sense and be off snogging Chad LOL. 

Ven: Don't worry, we'll all still hang out with you, even if we do have bfs. 

Chloe: Yeah just be with Chad. You know he's perfect for you!

Kate: Yeah and I'd love to see that creep's face when he sees what he's missing.

Gina: Kate! Don't be so mean to Lee. That's one of the reasons I don't want to go out with Chad yet.

Chloe: Babes, I'm sorry to say this again, but he didn't really give a stuff about your feelings when he moved on, so just do what you want and don't bother about him.

Gina: ?

Ven: You okay Gina?

Gina: Yeah, I'm fine.

Ven: Don't worry, I'm sure he would feel hurt if you do go with Chad, but you can't feel like you're not allowed to move on with your life just because of him.

Kate: Yeah, you're single now so you have a right to get with someone if you want to.

Chloe: If I was you I wouldn't worry too much about things. Just let him deal with it.

Gina: Got to finish my homework now, I'll see you all tomorrow.

Ven: Ok, bye!

Kate: See ya Gina

Chloe: Really hope I haven't upset you Gina. Bye
Chapter 21


After having fun on Sunday with the girls, it's back to school on Monday morning. We all look pretty glum now the weekend is over, but strangely Chloe arrives looking very excited, but we guess it has nothing to do with getting back to school 
"Guess what?!" she exclaims to us, a little too loudly for this early in the morning. "Y'know that totally cool, new night club called Bliss?"
"Yeah," we all answer. 
Luckily we manage to remember, even though it is early in the morning. 
"Well, I saw the posters up this morning when I passed it on the way to school, and it said the under sixteen night will be starting this Wednesday!" continues Chloe and we all smile at each other excitedly.
"Cool," grins Kate. "So I guess we're all going?"
"Obviously! There's no way we're missing this," says Gina. "I can't wait to go."
"Me neither," I say, feeling so happy at thinking maybe Matthew will go with me. "We could all bring our dates!"
I feel extremely excited. In the past, it would have made me feeling lonely and sad going to a club without a date or boyfriend, since I don't usually have one, but now things are different. For once I'm lucky enough to have a guy who will go with me and that feels great.
"Well, you three could go with your guys," Chloe says, looking sad. "Danny's too old to go, remember?"
"Aww, that's sad," Gina says sympathetically. 
"Will you be inviting Chad?" Kate asks Gina.
"Of course I will," she answers, blushing.
"What's with all the blushing?" asks Chloe suspiciously. "I thought you weren't interested in having a relationship with him?"
"I know, but he's just been so sweet to me," says Gina, looking blissful. "He keeps sending me wonderful texts and they're much better than the ones any of my other boyfriends used to send."
Kate does a quick impression of Gina's blissful look, over exaggerating it a bit, and I giggle. Gina is too busy in Chad World to notice, so Kate luckily gets away with it. 
"So you're changing your mind about him now?" asks Chloe hopefully.
"I might be," answers Gina grinning.
"Good for you," says Kate. "I'm glad you're finally moving on from that creep."
"Wait," says Gina, suddenly looking serious. The blissful smile is vanishing from her face. "What if he's going to be there?"
Obviously the 'he' she mentioned is her ex-boyfriend Lee. We are all still being sensitive around her and not saying his name, so he is still known as 'he' or 'that creep'. 
Chloe looks awkward, not knowing what to say. "Well?.heaps of people from our school will be going?so maybe he will."
Gina looks scared all of a sudden, "I can't go if he's there! There's no way I'm going to be anywhere near him, especially if he's with her."
As you might have guessed, 'her' is the girl Lee is now with. We're not allowed to mention Chelsea's name either, so she's usually referred to as 'her', 'that girl' or even 'that slag' in Chloe's case. 
"Don't worry about him," Chloe reassures her. "It's a big club and they'll be loads of people there, so even if he does go, you might not even see him. Plus we'll be here for you and we'll stay well clear of him if he does turn up."
"Yeah, you have to come. You can't let him spoil all your fun, Gina," insists Kate.
"And you can't just not go somewhere just in case he's there," I say reasonably. 
"But I can't," she insists. "I can't bear to see him and that girl all over each other again. It makes me feel sick just thinking about it."
"Oh, you don't have to worry about that," says Chloe, with a sly grin. It's always a tell-tale sign that she's got some mega goss. "I heard on Friday that the slag's gone off with someone else now."
"Really?" I ask and feel surprised.
I do kind of wish I could just get another boyfriend that quickly; although I don't want as many boyfriends as Chelsea has had. Chloe is right, that girl is getting a bad reputation with the boys and that isn't a good thing. 
"Yeah, I heard she's going out with Gerry Parkinson now," replies Chloe excitedly, loving to spill the hot news.
"Eww," comments Kate and looks disgusted.
Gerry Parkinson is in the year above us and he's the worst behaved boy in school. There's even rumors going around that he takes drugs.
"So he's single now?" asks Gina, looking stunned.
Chloe playfully hits her on the head with her magazine. "Don't even think about it!" she warns her. "You don't want to get back with that creep again, even if he does come crawling back to you. Besides, you've got Chad now."
"Yeah, you're right," says Gina and looks a bit shameful. "Just hit me over the head if I think about him again."
"Deal," says Chloe and then jokes, "but next time it'll have to be with my maths textbook, there's no way I'm getting my mag confiscated in class."

At lunch, we all eat together at the cafeteria as usual. I've been feeling excited all day in case I see Matthew. I look out for him at every opportunity, hoping that maybe we can chat at school now that we're going on dates and know each other.
Unfortunately, I haven't seen him at all yet, so I decide to text him instead:
Hi Matt, I'm going to Bliss night club with my mates on Wednesday night. Wanna come? xxx
He soon replies:
Yeah sure. Thanx 4 inviting me. Do u want me to call for u and walk there? Or do u just wanna meet there? xxx
"Where are we meeting before Bliss?" I ask the others.
Chloe looks thoughtful, "can we meet at yours, Gina?" 
"Yeah, that's okay," she answers.
"So we'll all meet at yours at seven and get ready together?" Chloe asks us and we all agree. "It opens at eight so we should get there in time."
"Where should I tell Matthew to meet me?" I ask them, feeling a little sad that he won't be able to call for me at my house and walk there with me like he'd suggested.
"The park?" suggests Kate. "Me and Jamie are meeting there anyway 'cause we'll be walking through on our way there."
"Chad said he'll meet me at Bliss," says Gina, sounding quite excited.
I quickly send a text message back to Matthew, explaining the arrangement. 
"I so wish I could take my boyfriend," says Chloe, looking all miz.
"Never mind, you'll see him over the weekend," I remind her.
I feel my mobile buzz as a reply arrives from Matthew:
I'll meet you outside Bliss. Can't wait xxx
I quickly reply back: Can't wait 2 c u either xxx
I'm buzzing with excitement. Wednesday night at Bliss is going to be the best night out ever! 
Chapter 22


Unfortunately, I don't get to see Matthew on Monday night. I'm gutted when he texts me after school, saying he has a practice exam on Wednesday morning and needs to stay in and revise. However, I know his exams are mega important, especially as he's taking GCSE exams in a few months' time; so Matthew and I agree to see each other on Wednesday night as planned and I can't wait.
Tuesday seems to fly by and Wednesday we are all buzzing with excitement at going to Bliss tonight. Nearly everyone in the school is talking about it and will be going too.
We meet at Gina's house as planned and get ready, then walk there together, feeling hyped up. Kate sees Jamie waiting at the park and runs ahead to greet him.
By the time we've strolled over and caught up, they're still kissing and cuddling. They see us approaching and quickly break apart, look embarrassed and start walking ahead. I stay talking with Gina and Chloe while we follow behind them.
When we arrive at Bliss, I see Matthew stood outside looking out for me and quickly go over, feeling shy. I introduce him to everyone and he doesn't seem at all nervous, acting friendly and chatty with them. I really wish I could be like that around guys I didn't know.
When we start queuing up outside the entrance, Matthew casually reaches out to hold my hand and I can't help blushing madly. I feel so proud to turn up at the club with him and know that all the girls around will presume he's my boyfriend!
Kate and Jamie join up with the other lads, who are waiting in the queue before us. They don't seem at all embarrassed anymore about showing that they're in a relationship and Jamie even has his arm around her. 
When we finally arrive inside the club, I look around in amazement. It's very trendy, with a huge dance floor, flashing disco lights and a DJ blasting out new, cool tunes.
There's a bar decorated with silver fairy lights at the side of the room, so we all go over to buy some fizzies. Obviously they aren't allowed to serve any alcohol at the bar tonight.
We all sit together on the white leather sofas stretched out around the walls and chill out for a while; listening to music, chatting and sipping our bottles of Pepsi. Not many people go on the dance floor at first, but soon a few girls get up to the dance to a cool song. I sit watching them and Chloe suddenly nudges me. 
"Look at Lee over there," she whispers to me and giggles. "He looks well cheesed off."
I glance over to where she is looking and see Lee hanging out with two guys nearby. He's looking enviously over at Chad, who is sitting close to Gina on the sofa and feeding her crisps. I must admit, it really does look like they are a couple; even though we know from Gina that they are still just friends. No wonder Lee looks so jealous. 
"Do you think he regrets finishing with her now?" I ask Chloe quietly, thinking that he does look pretty gutted.
"Definitely," answers Chloe. "Serves him right anyway. Lads usually only realize stuff when it's too late."
I giggle. I hope Matthew hasn't overheard Chloe calling guys stupid, but luckily he's too busying talking with Jamie to overhear.
"Gina and Chad look pretty close now, don't they?" I say. "I bet they end up together by the end of the night."
"Yeah, definitely! I said that all along," answers Chloe. "No wonder Lee is getting all jealous. I bet he wishes he was the one who is cuddling up to Gina right now."
We see Lee walk away, looking pretty miffed. 
"I feel kinda sorry for him," I say, feeling a pang of sympathy. He must feel how Gina felt when she saw him with Chelsea. "It must be hard for him to see Gina with someone else, especially now he's been dumped."
"He made his choice so he'll just have to deal with it." 
I feel really happy for Gina though. She looks so happy as she laughs with Chad, unaware that Lee was nearby. She deserved to find a nice guy after what happened with Lee and I hope she will finally be able to move on. Gina and Chad would make a cute couple.
"Matthew's pretty nice. I think you got a good one there," says Chloe, looking over at him.
I look at him too, feeling my heart fill with happiness at knowing that he's actually here to be with me.
"Yeah, I think so too," I say, feeling so incredibly lucky. I still can't believe I've found a wonderful guy who is so close to becoming my boyfriend.
Matthew catches me looking at him and smiles, making me blush. I smile back, feeling shy all over again. He leaves Jamie and comes back over to me. 
"Wanna dance?"
"Yeah, okay," I answer, with a big smile on my face.
He takes my hand and we walk over to the dance floor. I'm so excited that I finally have a guy to dance with?but then I start to feel all shy. I'm so nervous I completely forget how to dance. I don't even know how to dance with a guy yet!
I look back at Chloe for help, knowing she will know what to do. She gives me a look as if to say 'just go for it', so I start to dance the way I usually do with the girls. I even pretend that I'm just dancing with them, so I won't feel so shy.
I start to wiggle my hips to the music like Chloe does and feel more relaxed. I feel Matthew put his arms around my waist as I dance and feel a flood of excitement rush through me at feeling him so close. He gently puts my arms around his neck and we dance together for the rest of the song. 
"Thanks again for inviting me," he says into my ear. "I've loved meeting all your friends, they're really cool."
"It's okay, and I bet they've really loved meeting you too," I say, feeling thrilled that they all get on so well. "It's cool that we can all hang out together."
We dance for a few more songs, and then he asks, "Do you want to go outside for a while?"
"Okay," I agree, feeling tired from dancing. 
He takes my hand and leads me through the crowds of people until we finally reach the entrance. The person at the door lets us go through first, before dealing with the rest of the people waiting outside. 
The cold, night air makes me shiver and I start to wish I'd worn a jacket over my light blue top.
"Here, take my jacket," he offers generously and carefully wraps it around me to keep me warm.
"Thanks," I say, feeling wonderful to wear his jacket. I never want to take it off. I want to cuddle up inside it forever and just think of him.
We stand outside the club and it's much quieter outside, although we can still hear the thudding of dance music from inside. 
"I've wanted to talk with you for a while now," he says, "so I thought maybe this would be the right time."
I look up at him, feeling nervous.
"I really like you, Vanessa," he says, looking shy, "and I was hoping that maybe we could go out with each other, if that's what you want?"
I'm so happy! I feel like soaring through the stars.
"Yes," I answer, feeling so incredibly happy that he wants me to be his girlfriend. "I'd love to."
He smiles at me, looking very happy too.
"Good, 'cause I don't know what I would have done if you'd turned me down," he jokes.
"I would never do that," I reassure him. "I really like you too."
He strokes my cheek affectionately and then leans forward and kisses me. I'm dizzy with excitement as I feel his lips on mine. He's such a great kisser that I melt inside.
I feel dazed as we break apart. My head is buzzing because I still can't believe it. I have finally had my first kiss with the best guy ever and he's now my boyfriend! I'm sure I'll wake up any minute and find out the whole thing has been a dream; but luckily it's real. 
"Do you want to go back inside before they send out a search party?" he asks jokily. "I don't want your mates to worry about you."
"Yeah, okay," I agree, although I feel like staying out here with him forever.
We go back into the club, holding hands, and Kate immediately springs on us as soon as we get inside.
"We've been looking for you," she says.
"Sorry, we just went out for some fresh air," I say, although I blush so much it's pretty obvious that it was more than that.
"Well, are you coming for a dance with us or not?" she asks me.
I see Gina and Chloe waving over at me madly from the dance floor. I look back at Matthew, not wanting to leave him.
"Go on, have fun," he assures me. "I'll be fine talking with the lads for a while."
"Okay. Thanks," I say, handing his jacket back to him reluctantly. 
I give his hand a squeeze to show I'm really grateful that he's letting me hang out with the girls for a while. He smiles back at me to show he understands, and then Kate drags me off to the dance floor. 
We join Chloe and Gina, who are still dancing.
"What have you and Matthew been up to?" asks Chloe suspiciously.
"Yeah, we saw you both sneaking outside," teases Gina.
"They were snogging," says Kate and grins at me.
I blush madly, feeling my whole face heat up and turn red. Had Kate really seen us kissing?
"Were you?" asks Gina, starting to giggle.
"We did kiss a bit," I admit shyly.
They all give me a hug and tell me how happy they are for me.
"So he's asked you out?" asks Chloe, looking excited.
"Yeah, he did," I answer, still feeling stunned. "I can't believe I'm finally no longer single."
"I'm chuffed for you; but tell him that if he ever hurts you, I'll make him regret it," jokes Kate protectively and I laugh.
I happily dance along with them, feeling as if I can dance away all night long because I'm feeling so high with excitement. I feel so incredible lucky, but not just because I have a boyfriend. I have three, amazing best mates who will be there for me when I feel sad and lonely, and also be there to have fun when I'm feeling as happy as I am right now. 
I don't know why I've been so obsessed with getting a boyfriend. I've already had something much better right in front of me all this time. Sure, having a boyfriend feels like the best thing in the world, but I know from Gina that boyfriends don't always last. 
I'll make sure I enjoy every second of being Matthew's girlfriend for however long we're together. Even though I know there's a chance he might not be long term, I know that my three best friends will be there.
I'm sure nothing can ruin our hyper mood as we dance the night away?but then Lee appears beside Gina and I know immediately our night out is ruined?

Read the next book in the series!

This story is told by Gina.


GINA is happy being with Chad, but when her ex-boyfriend Lee begs her for a second chance, she's not sure what to do.

CHLOE is annoyed with her boyfriend Dave. He's always jealous and telling her what not to wear.

KATE is worried that something is going on with Jamie, but he doesn't want to talk about it.

VANESSA loves Matthew, but her mates say they're spending way too much time together. Should she choose seeing her boyfriend over her friends?

INCLUDES FREE RELATIONSHIP GUIDE!

Available to download now!

England: £1.99
America: $2.99
Canada: $3.36
Australia: $3.99


Ven (Vanessa)


Age: 15

Relationship status: In a relationship with Matthew.

Facebook status: So happy to finally have an amazing boyfriend!

Hobbies: Horse riding and reading teen romance books.
Gina (Georgina)


Age: 15

Relationship status: Single.

Facebook status: Still upset over my break-up, but my mates are helping me through it.

Hobbies: Acting and watching TV soaps.
Chloe


Age: 15

Relationship status: In a relationship with Dave.

Facebook status: I have a hot college boyfriend! Sorry guys, I'm taken.

Hobbies: Fashion and following hot celebs on Instagram.
Kate (Katie)


Age: 14

Relationship status: In a relationship with Jamie.

Facebook status: Can't wait to play footie with the lads tomorrow.

Hobbies: Playing football and watching comedy movies.
Cool guide to
flirting and dating

By Chloe, Gina, Ven and Kate

Flirting


What to do:

-  Give compliments:
   Tell a person they look nice, have nice hair, nice clothes etc. Even if they don't fancy you back, they will still be pleased that you're saying something good about them.

-  Say you look forward to seeing them:
   Implying that you enjoy their company will make them feel good.

-  Ask them to go somewhere with you for a date.
   If things don't look good, you can always make out you were inviting all your mates along too, so it sounds like a normal hang out.

-  Look at them and smile.
   If they smile back, that's a good sign. If they just look away, they might not be interested or they're just being shy. 

-  Talk to them about something that their interested in. They'll like to talk about their hobbies/interests.

-  When talking by email or message, add a wink sometimes to make the conversation more flirty; but don't put them too much or they'll get freaked out by it.


What not to do:


-  Don't follow them around, they won't like stalkers. 

-  Don't be way too obvious or throw yourselves at them, guys sometimes get scared off by that kind of thing. 

-  Don't try touching them or hugging and kissing if you're not up to a dating or relationship stage, it'll make them feel uncomfortable. 

-  Don't constantly talk, email or text them. You don't want them to think you're their new stalker. 

-  Don't try to make them jealous to get their attention. This will either put them off or hurt them. 

-  Don't flirt with other people around them, even if you're single. They like to think that they have your full interest.

How to tell if they like you too:


-  They'll smile at you.

-  They might flirt back.

-  They talk to you and act friendly.

-  They try to impress you.

-  They talk to you about something you like. 

-  They remember stuff about you.

-  They text, email or talk to you a lot. 

-  They give you compliments.


If they haven't done any of the above, don't worry too much. They might be too shy or embarrassed, or haven't had the chance to do it yet. 


How to tell someone that you're not interested


What to do:


-  Tell them when they're alone. They won't want to be upset or feel embarrassed in front of other people. 

-  If you have fair reasons for not liking them, be honest. If you don't want to be with them for reasons like because they smoke or other things that can be changed, let them know and they could change for you.

-  If the reason is because you don't feel attracted to their looks, try getting to know them instead of judging them based on that. It's pretty shallow and you might like them once you see the real them.

-  If you don't like their personality, just tell them you don't think of them in that way and that you can only be friends. Telling them their bad points could hurt their feelings so be careful about what you say. 

-  If the reason is for bad habits, like having a reputation, cheating or sleeping around, tell them straight that it puts you off. You should also suggest fixing bad behaviour such as being rude or selfish.

-  If it's for an unfair, mean or hurtful reason, just say you aren't interested and don't say why. If you do, you'll hurt their feelings and probably regret what you said and feel very guilty.

What not to do:


-  Don't tell them in a bad way, unless they have done something to deserve it.

-  Don't gossip about it to everyone and make fun of them about it. You wouldn't like to be treated that way.

-  Don't pretend you are interested just to spare their feelings; it will just lead them on and make you feel unhappy.

-  Don't say you're not interested because they're not good looking enough or they are "out of your league". It can make you look shallow and arrogant if you don't give someone a chance and get to know the real person they are. 

-  Don't say you're not interested if you secretly are. Guys like you to be honest, so tell them the truth. If you feel embarrassed or shy to say you are, try to work on it. 

Best places to meet guys:

-  School, college or work.
-  Clubs (under or over sixteen), bars and pubs.
-  Parties
-  Restaurants, take out places or cafes.
-  Sports centres
-  Town Centre
-  Shops

Guys to consider before going out with:

-  One of your friend's/family member's ex-boyfriend:
Your friend or family member might feel upset or jealous if you go out with a guy who used to be with her. If you really want to be with him, talk to your friend and see what she feels about it. She might be okay and not mind; but if she does have issues, try to work them out. It's best not to choose a guy over friends.

-  Someone who your friend or family member fancies:
They'll be really upset if the guy chooses you over them, so talk to them and give them time to get over it. They might fall out or avoid you for a while, but hopefully you can work things out and stay friends eventually. 

-  Your friend's brother or cousin:
Your friend might have issues or find it awkward, so talk to them about it first. 

-  Your Cousin or Step-Brother
It's not exactly illegal to marry them in the future, but people might think it's weird.

-  An ex-boyfriend
You finished with them for a reason, so make sure the problems are resolved or it won't work out. 

-  Your friend
Changing from friend to boyfriend would be a big thing. Make sure it's what you really want. Remember that there's a risk of losing him as a friend if your relationship doesn't work out.

-  A guy who has a bad reputation:
Always be careful before going out with them. If they aren't a nice person, they can sometimes treat you badly too. Don't forget about their bad points just because you fancy them. 
Guys NOT to go out with:

-  Someone else's boyfriend
Never do anything with a guy who is already in a relationship. He is unavailable so nothing can happen between you. If you both really like each other then it's better for him end his current relationship first before starting one with you.

-  A teacher or manager
This isn't allowed no matter how you feel about them. Having relationships with them can get you into big trouble with your school, college or work place. 

-  Someone's parent
It's better not to go there. They are a lot older than you and it will be so embarrassing and awkward if the person finds out you want to be with their parent.
Dating
(going on a date with someone who isn't your boyfriend yet)


What to do:

-  Make plans for something interesting to do, something you'll both enjoy, otherwise one of you will be bored. 

-  Try not to eat awkward foods before or during the date. The last thing you want is stains on your clothes or bad breath.

-  Always tell a friend or family member where you'll be, just in case anything bad happens. 

-  Take your mobile and keep it turned on and with you at all times, just in case you need it. 

-  Be on time. It's better to be a little early and risk looking too eager, than being late and looking like you don't really care. 

-  If you are running late for some reason, try to get there as quickly as possible and be sure to text them to let them know. You don't want them to think you've stood them up. 

-  Offer to share the costs or pay for yourself. Guys will often try to pay for you and you can accept, but it would seem impolite just to assume they will pay. If they do pay for you, thank them.

-  Ask questions, it'll show that you're interested in getting to know them.

-  Research what they like and talk about that. 

-  Try not to go all quiet and shy, it'll make them feel awkward if you don't talk to them. 

-  Don't feel nervous, just relax and enjoy it.

-  Try to laugh at their jokes. Guys love to make girls laugh, so this will make them feel good. If it's not a funny joke, don't act rude and just smile politely. 

-  If the date gets kind of scary, go to the toilets and phone your friend or family member. They can talk and come over to find you if needed. Being on your own with a scary guy isn't good. 

-  Make sure you have a friend or family member to pick you up or walk you home. Having a guy take you home can sometimes be polite; but it can often give them the wrong signals, especially if you're alone with them in their car. 
What not to do:


-  Don't wear anything tarty. Wearing revealing tops or too short skirts might get their attention but it'll give the wrong impressions and make you look cheap and easy. 

-  Don't wear too much make-up. It will look wrong and guys often don't like to kiss or hug girls if they will get covered in make-up. 

-  Don't wear lipstick. This will make it obvious if you kiss and make the guy embarrassed about getting it on his lips. Wear lip gloss or Vaseline instead. 

-  Don't let them make you pay the bill. Make it clear that they either pay for you or you both pay your share. It's rude to make a girl pay for both and can also show that they're just using you to get free stuff.

-  Don't try to hug, kiss or hold hands, unless they seem as if they want to. They'll think you're being too forward if that's not what they want at the time. 

-  Don't talk about something that won't interest them, it'll just bore them.

-  Don't laugh at or make fun of them if they say something that you think is stupid. If you embarrass them, the date won't go well. 

-  Don't let them go too far. If they want to do something and you don't, tell them to back off. 

-  Don't do anything more than a kiss, it's way too soon for that and will make you seem cheap, easy and slutty. 

-  Don't think just because you're dating that they are your partner or future partner. Dating is a test of whether you like someone or not, so remember that they can still turn you down and change their mind. They're not your boyfriend just yet. 

-  Don't agree to a date unless you think there's a chance you can be together. You'll just be leading them on or using them if you don't. 

-  Don't go on a date to make someone else jealous or because you have no better offers. This is unfair on them and will waste yours and their time.  
Feelings Scale

These are the different types of feelings from the less to most powerful.


Attracted to someone:

-  You are physically attracted to their looks and/or personality.
-  You like to admire them.
-  If they weren't interested or broke up with you, you'd be upset and disappointed, but would get over it after a few days or weeks. 

Fancy someone:

-  You feel the above statements.
-  You want them to be your partner. 
-  They make you blush or make you feel shy.
-  You experience feelings of lust. 
-  You enjoy kissing, hugging, talking or being with them.
-  You think, fantasize or dream about them.
-  You are or would be happy as their girlfriend. 
-  You'd cry a lot if they weren't interested or broke up with you; but you'd probably get over it in a few weeks or months' time and move onto someone else.

Have strong feelings and really care about someone

-  You feel all the above statements. 
-  You really want to be in a relationship with them or really need to stay with them. 
-  You're really happy to be with them and it feels special. 
-  You'd be very upset if they said they weren't interested or broke up with you.
-  You miss them when they're not around. 
-  They make you feel really happy.
-  You always want to be with them. 
-  You put their needs before yours.
-  You'll be there to help and support them at any time. 
-  It would take you up to a few months to get over them. 

True love

-  All of the above but a lot stronger.
-  You would do anything for them. 
-  You would risk your life for them. 
-  You hate spending time away from them. 
-  They are the most important person to you.
-  You definitely want a future with them and think your relationship will last. 
-  Seeing them hurt would hurt you ten times more. 
-  You feel strange feelings like: walking on air, feeling light, being extremely happy for no reason, getting forgetful, unable to concentrate and you can't stop thinking of them. 
-  Your heart fills with love when you see them.
-  If they ever hurt or upset you, your heart feels as if it's been pieced with a knife. 
-  If they ever left you, you would be devastated, heartbroken and you'd feel dead inside. 
-  You feel as if you will never get over losing them and it can take years to get over them or stop having feelings for them. 
Which character are you?
Ven, Gina, Kate or Chloe?

Find out with this quiz!
Keep a record of how many As, Bs, Cs and Ds you choose.


1.What's your fashion style?

a)Skinny jeans with a t-shirt.
b)Vests and denim shorts.
c)Sporty, t-shirt and tracksuit.
d)Dresses, skirts or high heels.


2.Do you wear make-up?

a)Sometimes, not every day.
b)Basics, mascara and lip gloss.
c)Can't be bothered with make-up.
d)Every day and lots of it.
3.What is/was your favourite lesson at school?

a)English
b)Drama  
c)Physical Education
d)Art


4.Which of these would you most like to work as?

a)Vet
b)Actress
c)Sports player 
d)Fashion Designer


5.What hairstyle do you like to have?

a)Natural and shoulder length
b)Curled/Wavy   
c)Pony tail
d)Long and straightened
6.Do you diet for your body image?

a)I don't diet but don't eat too much.
b)I eat what I want, no diet for me.
c)I exercise regularly, no need to diet.
d)I sometimes diet if I want to be slimmer.

7.What do you like doing for fun?

a)Watching movies and reading books.
b)Watching TV soaps and acting.
c)Playing football and video games.
d)Shopping and following hot celebrities on Instagram.
Mostly A's

You're like Ven!


Appearance isn't mega important to you but you want to look nice. If you're going out with the girls or a boyfriend, you'll spend more time to look good.
Mostly B's

You're like Gina!


You like to look good but don't waste hours on your appearance. You look fab on the days that are important. You stick to what you like and want to wear rather than copy fashion. 
Mostly C's

You're like Kate!


You have more important things to concentrate on than fashion or make-up. You don't really have time for it. You look fine as you are and natural is more your style.
Mostly D's

You're like Chloe!


You spend a lot of time on appearance and you always want to look perfect. You like attention and looking beautiful. You have a girly personality and love make-up and fashion.


Cool dictionary

Boy Magnet - (slang) A girl who attracts a lot of boys.

Saddo - (slang) someone who isn't fun to be around because they're always sad and give a negative presence. 

Mega - (slang) Can mean either 'big' or 'very' depending which word you use after it.

Footie - short for football.

Hot - (slang) Handsome.

Moves - (slang) to approach a hot guy and flirt with them.

Ace - (slang) Fantastic.

Loser - (slang) someone who is weird and uncool.

Shallow - (slang) someone who is only interested in looks and not personality.

Friend Zone - (slang) When you get stuck being thought of as a friend with someone you fancy, so it ruins any possible chance of being their partner.

Wannabe - someone who wants to be or look like another person and copies them.

Chill out - means calm down or don't worry.

Sad - (slang) Describes doing something that is considered weird, stupid or uncool.

Miffed - (slang) Annoyed, fed up or in a mood with someone. 

Laughing his head off - Means laughing a lot.

Get the message - Realise something.

Chuffed - (slang) Very happy.

Downer - (slang) Either being miserable, too worried or too serious about a situation.

Wuss - Coward.

LOL - stands for Laugh Out Loud. Used in text messages or when using Social Network sites.

Bf - Short for boyfriend.

Bfs - Short for boyfriends.

Gf - Short for girlfriend.

Defo - Short for definitely.

Tongue-tied - When it's hard to speak because you're nervous.

On and on - Going on for too long.

Goss - Short for gossip. 

An item - In a relationship.

Ownio - (slang) on your own.

Give a stuff - don't care.

Mag - Short for magazine.

Miz - Short for miserable.

Hyped up - (slang) Getting ready and excited for something good to happen.

Tunes - Songs.

Fizzies - (slang) Fizzy drinks.

Well - (slang) Means very.

Cheesed off - (slang) Annoyed.

Gutted - (slang) Disappointed, sad or hurt.

Kinda - Short for kind of.

Go out with each other - Be in a relationship.

Snogging - (slang) Passionate kissing. Officially means open mouth kissing.
It can also be used jokingly when you're referring to seeing two people kissing on the lips and you're exaggerating it.
About the Author and Illustrator

Michelle Leyland was born in 1990 and spent all of her life living in Lancashire. She has always loved writing and drawing and since the age of 13 has dreamed of becoming a published author and illustrator one day. She has written several fiction stories for children, teenagers and adults. 
 
Michelle also loves to drum, dance, sing, daydream, go to concerts and read.

Visit her website: www.michelleleyland.com

Twitter and Instagram: @MLeylandAuthor

Facebook page: Michelle Leyland (Author and Illustrator)
Books by Michelle Leyland:

Farm Frenzy (Children's)
Lunar Eclipse (Children's)
Freedom Fighters: Twilight City - Book 1
Freedom Fighters: Dragon City - Book 2
Freedom Fighters: Lost City - Book 3
Dating Dilemma - Book 1 (Teen's)
Boyfriend Dilemma - Book 2 (Teen's)
Sexy Love - Book 1 (Teen's)
Bounty Hunter (Teen's)
Secret Love (Adult's)

Coming soon:
Break-up Dilemma (Book 3)

