
 
 
Surviving: High School
(And other drama)
By: Bronsen Hawkins
 
 
 
Contents
Surviving: High School
Jaded
Starting
All Before Bedtime
Princesses and Queens
Starry Eyed
Head On
Break
Beautiful Soul
Careless Whisper
We Tear It Up
Collision
Bright Side
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To my late Grandparents Jerry and Velma Hawkins, as well as Odessa and Earl Joseph, for constantly striving to be examples of light in a dim world.
 


Friendly Disclaimer



Clearveil is a place not much unlike any other city, place, or town anywhere else. Its schools, Clearveil Academy, Eluxer High School, and Sherrod Day surround the city in a somewhat off triangle. Kids here go to school, parties, events, and try to have the time of their lives. Just like any kid anywhere else. 
Before you read this story, I want to tell you that all the events are mostly true. Slight fabrication may have been used to hide people’s identities, along with the changing of several names. Nevertheless, these things did happen. How do I know you ask? It’s simple really, I was there. I grew up in Clearveil and I attend Clearveil Academy. I try to help my friends as much as I can. But the thing you have to understand about Clearveil is that everyone’s true colors show eventually. Some faster than others. And that nothing, no matter how well kept, remains hidden for long. Clearveil is big on truth, honesty, transparency. As long as it’s the truth about other people. So as you read this story, try to put yourself in my shoes. And remember that I handled my situations as best as I could, but I can't control everything. Sometimes you have to let other people make their own mistakes. 
 


Jaded 

“And I think about it over and over again…”
Over and Over by Nelly
 
Another car swerved close to Breslin’s fathers. The vibration almost knocked his phone from his hands. This was a good thing considering that he was tired to replying to Ava’s nagging.
“Read any good books lately?” His father, Kenneth Eliot, asked as his car glided down one of the main streets of Clearveil.
“Yea.” Breslin replied. He knew he was lying. Ken knew he was lying.
 He hated reading. All of it seemed like a huge waste of time. Scratch that, to Breslin all of it was a huge waste of time. Beyond video games boxes and magazine articles that is.
“Really now, anything I've heard of?” Ken replied enthused.
“Nope.” Breslin lied with a small smile. “It’s a foreign book.”
Breslin’s phone vibrated again. This time he put it on silent as scuffed it back into his front pocket.
“Well can you read a book a little closer to home?”
“Like yours?” Breslin asked.
“Exactly. Like mine. It was written with you in mind you know.”
“I know dad.”
Downtown Clearveil was known to be extremely foggy at night. And Mr. Eliot's black Grand Prix didn't make things any better. While glancing over at Breslin's blank face staring out of the window Mr. Eliot decided to shift gears in the conversation.
“So how are you and Rory?” He asked.
“Fine.” Breslin replied.
Once again he was lying for his Father’s sake. Breslin’s and Rory’s relationship had been deteriorating every since Bres hit puberty. Two guys, two brothers always going for the same girl was bound to end badly eventually.
“Somehow, I don't believe that.”
“We really are.”
“And what about Avalon? Is she going to be ok too?”
“Dad!”
“I’m just saying you need to come out of your shell.”
“Dad the red light!” Breslin screamed at the top of his lungs.
At that moment a red pickup truck came slamming in to the driver’s side of the Eliot's car. Breslin's airbag deployed instantaneously, and his rag-dolled head went straight into it. Mr. Eliot wasn’t so lucky however. His steering wheel airbag had gone bad months ago, but instead of getting it fixed he chose to invest in his book. His seat beat cut into him hard as his head collided into the window next to him. His brain crashed against his skull, as his chest became one with the steering wheel.
It took Breslin a little time to come to. When he did, he noticed that there car was on the sidewalk now. He could hear the sirens in the background. Next to him, his father wasn't moving.
“Dad.” He whispered. He was winded. He couldn’t breathe. He couldn't concentrate. Everything was blurry.
“Dad.” He tried again. Mr. Eliot wasn't responding. And someone was now talking into Breslin's ear.
“Are you alright son?” The voice said.
He could care less.
“Dad!” He tried one final time. He wanted him to be ok. He needed him to be ok. But those words took everything out of him. And he passed out in his seat.
 
****
 
“Dad!” Breslin screamed as he sat up in his bed. He had the same nightmare almost every week. He would be sitting in the car with his dad, and they would get hit by the truck.
He could never get the car accident that took his father’s life out of his head. It was becoming so frequent to the point to where he started writing down the number of times he had the dream. He was up to twelve. 
His father passed a little over two years ago, and with him died every ambition Breslin had.  
Freshman year, he was on it. AP classes, football, journalism, he just couldn't be stopped. Now he was a high school junior, he was supposed to be a senior, and didn't truly know where he belonged. And after a year away, he was back in Clearveil. Back to place that held all of his memories. And the place that held most of his pain.
He didn’t want to come back, but his mother, Elise Eliot, wasn’t listening again. She managed to get there old home back, and she wanted things to return to normal. Or whatever was left of normal that they could get to. She was going to force him to go to Clearveil Academy. Be normal. Fit in. She didn’t have time to be his constant guardian anymore. He had to learn how to take care of himself.
“Whatever.” Bres whispered to himself as he rolled over and closed his eyes again. 
He would rather feel the pain than be awake in this town; he was starting to like the pain.
 
 
Starting
  
“Heaven’s gates won’t open up for me…”
Savin Me by Nickelback
 
 
“Get up!” Elise screamed at Bres while throwing the sheets off of him. 
The yelling didn’t break his slumber, but the cold chill did. Jerking upwards, he managed to make sure the rest of his body was covered. “The hell?”
“Do you want to fail? Again?” He heard her say as she was heading for the door. He sneered at her and slammed his door.
After two years of moving around, lots of things tend to change. 
Breslin Darcy Eliot had gotten taller, for one. Elise lost weight. The death of her husband made her look at least ten years younger. However the front door of the Eliot’s family home still sounded like a police raid every time someone knocked on it. Today being no exception.
Bang Bang Bang.
Bres ignored it at first.
Bang Bang Bang.
Giving the door a tug, it gave way to a skinny blonde with a huge smile.
“Slugbug” Avalon Clark screamed as she slammed her left fist into Breslin’s right shoulder.
“Ouch Ava.” Breslin said as he rubbed the bruise that was starting to form. “There are no beetles around here.”
“Not necessarily.” She redirected as she pointed to her yellow 2011 Volkswagen on the street in front on Breslin’s house. “So are you going to invite me in or do I have to stand outside all day?”
“Sorry, come in.” Breslin said as he stepped aside.
Avalon’s smile hadn’t changed. Avalon’s laugh hadn’t changed. She was the same girl that used to pick on Breslin in elementary school. The same girl that Rory and Bres fought over constantly. The same girl that both of them ended up losing in the end.
“Are you here to beat me up for not telling you I was back?” Bres said while closing the door behind him.
“I should.” Ava started. 
“But?” He said as he tried to fill the silence.
“But nothing.” Ava said as she hit him again. “So what were you doing anyway?”
“Writing.” Breslin said as his eyes automatically began to roll. “What does it look like I’m doing?”
“Don’t get smart with me.” Ava quipped while punching him again. She really missed this boy. But before she could explore that thought, the glimmer of a shiny notebook caught her eye.
“Oh I remember this,” Ava said, picking up the book. “You probably still haven’t written anything in this.”
“I’ve tried.” Bres cut in. “Just waiting to get my second wind.”
“Or you’re first.”
“Hey I’m working on it.”
“Come on Bre-Bre, this book isn’t going to write itself”
Breslin chuckled a little bit but his facial expression gave away how he truly felt, as it always did. And like the great friends she was, Avalon picked up on this without even trying.
“I’m going to kill it.” She said as she closed the notebook.
“Kill what?”
“Whatever did this to you? Was it a girl?”
“Why does it have to be a girl?”
“When isn’t it a girl?” Ava says as she sits down on the couch next to Breslin. 
“It really has nothing to do with any girl anywhere. Well beside my mother.”
The second Elise’s name entered the conversation, Avalon backed out of it. “I’m not getting involved in that one; she hasn’t like me from the start.”
“She just doesn’t understand us.” Breslin said as he slung his bag over his shoulder. “So are we gonna do this thing or not?”
“After you.” Ava said as she followed Breslin out of the door.
 
****
Moments later, Avalon’s car came to a screeching halt in front of Clearveil Academy’s newly renovated building. While stepping out of the car, Breslin straightened his shirt and waited for Avalon to follow suit.
“We don’t have all day ya know.” He said as he started to slowly tap his foot.
That was a nervous habit of Breslin’s. He had no patience. He never wanted to wait for anything. If a girl liked him, he rather her just tell him then to play hard to get. And he hated being late despite the fact that he always was.
“You know, you haven’t changed.” Ava hissed as she stepped out the car. 
Breslin smirked as he pulled his hood over his pitch black hair. His caramel complexion complemented his light hazel eyes. The earphones to his iPhone in his pocket slowly began to fall out of his ears. The green and black Superman symbol that shown on his chest was just that, for show. His black messenger bag is casually hanging by over his right shoulder. A single book is in his grasp, Ender’s Game, along with his room assignments. A chain attached to the wallet in his pocket gleamed at his side.
He looked nothing like he did four years ago. If anything, he made sure of that.
“Let’s go!” Ava said as she starting moving towards the building. “You’re going to be late Bre-Bre.”
 “Could you please stop calling me that?” Breslin screamed after her in vain. She was already far ahead of him. He could hear her softly chuckling to herself as she made her way to the door. And before Breslin could get another word in she was already entering the building, forcing him to run to catch up.
“Ugh.” He said as he blindly chased after her. Not knowing which direction she took off in. 
The halls of Clearveil Academy spiraled into a maze before him, making him feel like he was trapped. And he hated feeling trapped. This wasn’t the first time Breslin had been to Clearveil Academy. He used to always enjoy listening to the book readings Ava used to drag him to. But this was his first time entering the building as a student. Before this, he was home schooled. Elise always thought she could do a better job than any school system. Public or otherwise. But her new job didn’t afford her the time she needs to school Breslin, so now he was here. However he didn’t like jumping in the middle of the junior year. And out of all the things he didn’t like in life, starting over was in the big three.
He could still hear the words his father spoke to him years ago. Back when he started Junior High.
“Just try your best here.” He mouthed threw the car window. Breslin could barely make it out with all the dirt stains on it. His smile was genuine, but concerned. As far as they both knew, the last couple of years had just been a string of bad luck. From job losses to new positions, starting over was an Eliot manufactured thing.
 But now he was back in his home town, living in his old house that shared more moments that he cared to remember. In the town he never really cared for in the first place.
“No promises.” Breslin replied as his Father that day as he slowly pulled out of the parking lot and disappeared down the road. 
Nevertheless, it was time to put on a brave face and be that new guy once more. The one he hated more than anything. Or was at least in his big three. Spiders were still a thing.
As he walked through the courtyards that lead into the principal’s office, Breslin’s phone gave him a little tickle. A simple good luck, compliments of his older brother. Rory Eliot, who moved out, was a struggling artist who was barely making it. In some ways, Breslin blamed their current living situation on him. Simply because before he left everything was “fine”. Now everything was out of wack and Rory was in lalaland. However that wasn’t the only reason. That’s just the lie he chose to believe.
Pushing his way into the building, Breslin noticed two things at a glance. The first, this school had way to much free time on its hands. This might have been coming from the fact that there was a camera pointing dead in Breslin’s face. Was there even a need for so much security? He felt like he was being spied on rather than protected. The second thing was the massive crowd of students. Ironically being pushed through the halls by kids twice his size was a lot less scary than the cameras. But he was going to make this school work. He had to.
Stepping into the main office of Clearveil, Principal Cain greeted Breslin with a business-like smile. 
“Welcome to Clearveil Academy Mr. Eliot,” Cain started, slowly moving from the window behind him to his desk chair. “I hope you are going to like your stay.”
“About as much as all the rest.” Breslin replied.
“First things first, on behalf of the Clearveil school district I want to give you our condolences about your Father. He was a good man, who did good work for this town.”
“It’s ok.” Bres said, though he wasn’t sure what he meant by it. Sure it happened a few years ago, but it was still fresh in his mind. 
“Also, if you ever need any counseling of any kind you are more than welcome to come and talk to me about it. Keeping our student in a positive mindset is our utmost important goal at CA. We will even foot the bill if deemed necessary.”
A small fragment of light from a window above hit Cain’s eyes at that moment and as if a giant curtain fell his true intentions were revealed. He didn’t actually care about Breslin or his well been. Well not directly of course. The only think that Cain cared about was keeping his school as clean as possible. If that meant shipping a few kids to the crazy house than by all means.
“Um.” Bres choked out.
“I’m sorry if I’m about to make you feel uncomfortable,” Cain started while standing up. “But we have had some unsavory students in the past that have given this school a bad rep. My job is to make sure it never happens again. But I know we understand each other.”
“Sure.” Bres said while slowly backing away from the crazy person.
He didn’t know where all of this was coming from. He knew that this move was going to be harder than all the rest. He knew that Clearveil was unlike any other town on the planet. He had lived her before. But this seemed a little bit extreme. 
“Good, very good.” Mr. Cain said as he stood up and reached out to shake Bres’s hand. 
Cain’s grip felt like he was crushing his hand with concrete.
“It seems like we will be having no trouble from you. Just remember to keep your nose clean. That is the CA Chameleon’s way.”
Before Breslin could get another word in he was rushed out of Principal Cain’s office and escorted to his first class.
 
****
 
 Breslin was now looking out of the window of his English class as Mr. Biye’s words blurred past his ears. Apparently, the class was working on creative writing so on his desk sat Ender’s Game and a tablet open to a blank page. He had trouble coming up with his own creative ideas, and it was much easier for him if somebody just gave him an idea and he ran with it. He was nothing like his book counterpart Ender Wiggin, a genius among geniuses; however at this moment he was wishing he could blast off into space like him rather than sitting in yet another classroom. Classes, clubs, events, sports, school activities, all these things would have sounded great to somebody who wasn’t slightly anti-social. Breslin wasn’t extraordinary by far. He wasn’t an extreme athlete or even that intelligent. In fact the only real talent he had acquired from his family was his ability to hold everything in. Other than that, he was a perfectly normal teenage high school junior/senior.   
He had only started writing because of his Father, so if he was going to take inspiration from anyone than Ken was it. However just as Breslin was starting to form an idea, a paper ball slams into his temple.
“What the…” He whispered to himself.
“Sorry about that.” Eric Sincere apologized as he scooted his desk closer to Breslin’s. “I wasn’t aiming for your head, but I’m a terrible shot.”
Eric Sincere was just as his name sounded, one of the nicest guys you would ever meet. Being only a tad bit darker than Breslin himself, Eric seemed to have the market cornered on sincerity. His smile was heartwarming. His eyes were comforting. His laugh was infectious. And his glasses made him look more trustworthy than studious. Among all of that, Eric was also an up and coming reporter for the Clearveil Whisper.  
Yet even though Eric seemed kind enough, Breslin wasn’t really feeling the whole “let’s make the new guy feel less like a loser” scene. It was really the same routine everywhere. First came the silent stares, and the murmurs of wonder. Where did he come from, they will ask. What is he like, they will ponder. Then comes the judging smiles. They literally come up to you “all smiles” and prod you for information while silently calling you a loser or a whore in the back of their mind. Last but not least, the judgment. And really, who wants to be branded as an instant outsider their first day at a new school. Isn’t it already tough enough trying to figure out where you’re going?
Breslin gave Eric a soft smile and slowly stood out of his chair.
“Ok broody.” Eric whispered to himself.
 Even though he had been to multiple different schools, he was grateful that the class time was relatively the same across the board. So as he stood up, the bell rang and he was the first one to shoot out of the door. While doing this, Breslin got ran over by the girl behind him. 
He fell for her, quite literally.
“I’m such a spaz.” Daisy said with a smile. 
Glancing up at Daisy, he finally noticed the brown-haired girl sitting next to him on the barely acceptable, cold floor. Unlike all of the other kids in the hallway, she was the only one not staring at him like he was on fire. Breslin was actually kind of surprised he hadn’t noticed her when he walked in.
Daisy Gale’s arsenal contained light brown eyes, tan colored skin, long legs, and soft-looking hair. A natural book worm, Daisy could often been seen walking slowly through the halls of Clearveil while thumbing through multiple different tomes. Yet at the same time, she was most notably known for being the captain of the Clearveil’s dance team The Queens.
 He must have been staring to long because she had time to slowly lift herself off of the ground, fix her hair, and stare back into Breslin’s hazel eyes with her left hand outstretched towards him.
“Can I offer you a lift?” She said as everyone else just simply walked around them.
And for a moment in time, Breslin felt like it was just the two of them in the hall; still blocking the door to class they just exited.
“Sure” He replied while taking her hand. Daisy’s hands were soft. Too soft for anyone who had done any type of work for a living. And she looked about seventeen. Her birthday must have come early in the year.
“Thx.” Breslin says as he straightens his shirt.
Noticing Breslin’s book on the floor, she bends over to pick it up. 
“Ender’s Game, nice pick, I love this book.”
“Oh, thank you, again.” Breslin replied as he began to look down. He didn’t know why, but Daisy was making him feel really awkward.
“Well, see you around?” Daisy says in a half whisper. They were already making enough of a scene; she didn’t want to add to it.
“Yea, sure” Were the only words Breslin was able to formulate without falling over. She really was beautiful. And she was someone who definitely wouldn’t fall for Breslin.
Breaking through the newfound silence, Eric came crashing next to him.
“Yea, I’m sorry that I didn’t have enough gum to share Jack. No, you can just take the last piece.” He said with a forced smile on his face.
“Are you ok?” Breslin asked. 
Eric wasn’t a small guy, but Jack was huge.
“I’m cool Broody, don’t worry about that guy, I’m here to show you around school.”
“Thanks, but no thanks.” Breslin replied while turning to leave. “I don’t need Cain babysitting me on my first day. I’m not going to mess up his system. And my names not broody, its Breslin.”
The bell had already rung, and he had wasted enough time in the hall with Daisy as it is. 
“Aww come Broo…. Breslin, it will be top notch.” Eric begged as he gave Breslin some puppy dog eyes.
The look reminded him of his brother. How they used to joke around together. How they used to have fun. Used to.
“Sure, whatever, why not.” Breslin finally replied when he figured out that Eric wasn’t going down without a fight. Too his advantage, Breslin wasn’t a fighter.
“Spectacular. First things first, I got to introduce you to the guys.” Eric practically mumbled as he pushed Breslin towards the nearest exit.
 
****
 
Breslin had a hamburger, or what was supposed to be a hamburger, in one hand and his phone in the other. He was starring at the screen aimlessly while waiting for Eric to come back to the table with the people he was suppose to be meeting. The people who were suppose to “change his life”. Whatever.
“Peek-a-boo.” Ava said as she covered Breslin’s eyes.
“And why are you so happy?” Breslin questioned as he removed her hands from his face.
“Why you ask? Because you’re not being melodramatic.” Ava started. “I asked Eric to show you around.”
“So you put him up to this?” Breslin asked as he lightly shoved Ava.
“Be nice, he’s a sweetheart.” Ava said as she shoved him back.
“Oh,” Breslin said. “So you like him like him.”
“Not even!” Ava screamed.
“Whatever.” 
“By the way, Rory text me. Said he texted you and you didn’t answer.” Ava said. She knew Rory was a touchy subject, but she promised that she would at least try. 
 Breslin didn’t really see the need in having the phone considering nobody ever called him except his mother. And even when she did call, he never answered.
“Must have missed it.” Breslin lied. 
He knew coming back to Clearveil meant he was going to have to deal with Rory sooner or later. He just thought it was going to be later rather than sooner. However, the crash of Jade and Dexter sitting down knocked Breslin back to reality.
“I’d like you to meet Jade and Dex.” Introduced Eric as the couple sat next to Breslin.
Jade Chantelle has known Dex and his friends since middle school, and an avid lover of the color pink. Her straight black hair fell down her back and somehow always managed to fall in front of her face. Jade was way nicer that anybody gave her credit for, but being best friends with Daisy meant that nobody messed with her. On the flip side of that coin was Dexter Brawn, the self proclaimed king of everything. Dex, as he likes to be called, liked to be a part of whatever seems to be relevant at the time. Dance, he did that. Rap, he did that. Sing, draw, and act. He was a one man show. However, Dex was having trouble connecting with the ones that are closest to him.
“Jade’s a dark name.” Breslin pointed out.
“High school isn’t a picnic.” Jade retorted.
“What is?” Dex interjected.  
“Touché.” Breslin said and he took another bite of whatever his burger was made out of. “So what’s the deal with the principle giving me the fifth degree? Is that just how he says hi?”
“Did he give you the whole crazy student routine? Ava asked.
“Complete with therapy and evil eye.” Breslin responded.
“It’s just a scare tact.” Dex said as he pulled a notebook out of his bag. “I believe he saw it in a movie once and thought it was a cool idea.”
“But don’t tell him it doesn’t work.” Jade cut in. “It’ll break his heart.
An eruption of laughter broke out at the table, and for the first time in a long time Breslin felt accepted. It wasn’t like he didn’t have friends growing up in Clearveil. Since it was a small town, it was hard not to know almost anyone. He just never really tried to open up; because he knew eventually someone was going to have to leave. And he hated saying good-bye.
“So Breslin, why don’t you let me show you what the town has to offer?” Eric was finally able to get out after all of the laughter.
“He isn’t new here.” Ava cut in. “He just came back.”
“Nevertheless, you’ve never seen Clearveil through our eyes.”
Breslin pondered the idea a while, maybe a fresh prospective was something he needed.
“Umm, sure why not.” Breslin allowed himself to say. He wasn’t normally the “out on the town” type. But there was something about Eric that made Breslin feel like this was the right choice.
“So, are you guys going to be joining us?” Eric asked as he shifted his attention from Breslin to Dex and Jade.
“Definitely.” Dex said as he shot up.
“Not.” Jade said as she pulled him back down. “You were supposed to be having dinner with me.”
“Oh.” Dex said while trying to save face. “Oh yea. Sorry guys.”
“Naw it’s, it’s cool.” Eric replied as he slowly started scooting away from Jade who was fuming. He could see Hurricane Jade coming from a mile away. “Oh would you look at the time, let’s go Breslin.”
As Eric pulled Breslin away from the danger zone, Jade turned her attention to Dex. While folding her arms and staring at Dex, she managed to think about everything in the past three weeks that he had done wrong.
“…what?” Dex finally asked.
“You know what. Always trying to ditch me. Always leaving me for your boys.” Jade growled back at him.
“Come on Jade. You know it’s not like that. We’ve been dating  four months now. You know I love you.”
“And I’ve bet you’ve said that to all the girls.” Jade whispered as she walked off. 
“Jade wait, comeback.” Dex screamed as he ran behind her.
He always ran behind her.
 
****
 
While walking away from the cafeteria with Eric and Ava, Breslin crashed into Daisy. Again.
“Oh, I am so sorry.” Breslin started.
“No it’s my fault; I wasn’t looking where I was going.” Daisy replied.
Breslin’s cheeks grew red as he helped her pick up her stuff off the ground. Students around them stared and laughed. 
“We got to stop meeting like this.” He uttered, still recovering from the embarrassment.
“Why?” She started, and then realized she was blushing.
“Daisy.” Eric cut in.
“Eric.” Daisy shot back.
“Pick your battles.” Ava said as she tried to pull Eric along.
Looking at her watch, Daisy shot up. 
“OMG, I am so late.” She said as she took off down the hall, leaving Breslin to stand there with a blank look on his face.
Breslin was surprised he hadn’t dropped the rest of his burger in the initial crash with Daisy. But a flash went off in his face that cleared up that mistake.
“Sorry about that, thought you were ready.” Eric said as he lowered his camera. 
Breslin gave Eric and blank stare until he put the camera away.
“Fine,” Eric started. “No more surprise shots.”
“Thank you.” Breslin shot back.
“However, I did see that little run in with you and Daisy.”
“And.” Breslin egged on.
“Let it go,” Ava said as she tried to glaze over the situation. It hardly ever worked.
“No, I think he should know. I just wouldn’t willing go walking into that battle zone.” Eric finished, while looking around to make sure nobody hear him say that.
“Battle zone,” Breslin started. “You’ve got to be kidding me.”
“Afraid not.” Eric said. “Ever since this new space opened up, both Daisy and Laci have been fighting nonstop over who gets to use it. Laci says that the student council needs and office. Daisy says that the dance team needs a private practice space. Something about football players and staring. And to top it all off, the principal is so non-confrontational that he is just letting the girls duke it out all over the school.”
“I believe you’re over exaggerating things.” Breslin said as he straightened his shirt. “It can’t be that bad.”
“Sure, and the American Revolution was just a temper tantrum.” Eric retorted.
Breslin looked around the halls of Clearveil. He didn’t think that so much drama could be contained in such a quiet school.
“Look, all I’m saying is being careful is the key. Because sooner or later they are going to want you to pick a side.” Eric mumbled out as he turned to walk away.
“But I don’t even know this Laci chick.” Breslin screamed after him. But even he knew that didn’t matter. He could feel himself falling for her. He wanted her for some reason. Even if he didn’t want to. 
 
 
 
 
 
 

All Before Bedtime

“You are my Cinema, I could watch you forever…”
Cinema by Skillex
 
 
Breslin rushed out of the doors of the school faster than he entered the building. He had to get away from Daisy. He didn’t need her messing with his head. He didn’t have a car and Avalon had a makeup test to take, but anything was better than waiting inside Clearveil for his mother to swing by and pick him up. Nine times out of ten she was going to be late anyway. 
While stepping off of the curb and into the parking lot, a pale blue dodge pickup truck came swerving around the corner and almost slammed dead into him.
“What the…” Breslin uttered as his body began to tense up.
Eric’s friendly face appeared from the passenger side of the truck. “Whoa, it’s Broody.” He said as he raised his hand for a high five.
Breslin just stared at him; this wasn’t the first time he contemplated doing bodily harm to Eric. 
“Why?” Breslin asked as he stepped out of the street. “Is this yours?”
“Nope.” Eric said as he pointed over to the kid in the driver’s seat. “Allow me to introduce you to Conner Lombard.”
“Hey.” Conner shrugged. 
Conner wasn’t big on introductions. He didn’t really care who you were, as long as you were cool. He didn’t do well with overly dramatic people. Conner was the type of guy who just wanted to find his place and sit there. High school graduation, college, and marriage were just a part of the plan. He normally liked to stick to himself, and stay away from people who attract attention like a magnet. Eric and Dex being the only exceptions.
“We were just heading to The Cove. Didn’t you say you were down?” Eric asked as he took out his camera and took a picture of Breslin. This time the flash was off.
“The Cove?” Breslin asked.
“It’s the name of the mall, they were being exotic.” Conner answered him.
Breslin took another look at Clearveil and decided to choose the lesser of two evils. “Sure, why not.”
Not even two minutes later, Breslin was already seriously regretting his decision. Sure he didn’t really like his situation, but he would have gotten over it and been home within the hour. And at least he would have still been alive. But Conner’s driving was dangerous at best. He would race other drivers, accelerate at stop signs, and even speed in front of elderly people. Breslin wondered how he even managed to get his license at all. It was almost as if he wanted to hurt someone. Eric seemed like he was used to it. All the sliding and bouncing didn’t bother him at all as he sat in the backseat and texted on his cell.
Breslin on the other hand was holding on for dear life and trying not to become one with the burning hot asphalt. This whole experience was made even worst by that fact that Conner was blasting rock music. All Breslin could think about was the huge car crash in this horror movie he watched a few nights ago, which was one way he didn’t want to go. 
“Relax dude.” Eric said from the back seat. “Conner here is an excellent driver.”
“I’m so sure.” Breslin said as he held on to his seat for dear life.
 “Yea man,” Conner started while turning his attention to Breslin. “I have been driving for years.
“The road, Conner, look at the road.” Breslin practically screamed as Conner dodged another car.
He was so thankful when they finally reached the mall that he jumped out of his seat. He contemplated kissing the very ground he stood on but he felt that it would have been a little over kill.
“Dude.” Eric started “You’re not going to survive here if you keep acting like that.”
“Come on man.” Conner cut in. “It wasn’t even that bad, you are still alive are you not?”
“Yea, your driving was totally fine.” Breslin spoke while mostly out of breath. Avalon better answer her phone because he wasn’t planning on riding home with these guys. But it wasn’t like he had a choice.
Once inside the cove, Breslin just followed behind Conner and Eric. He wasn’t really interested in anything that this place had to offer. That was before he stumbled upon the book store. 
“See something you like.” Eric asked while trying to fit a whole slice a pizza in his mouth at once. Conner and Eric were having an eating contest, and Conner was winning.
“No, I just, it’s nothing.” Breslin said as he turned back to the table they were sitting at.
“Why are you so broody?” Eric asked after almost choking on his second slice of pizza.
“I’m not broody.” Breslin replied as he pulled out his phone and stared at the screen.
“What’s broody?” Conner asked as he choked down his fourth slice of pizza, taking Eric’s piece right off his plate.
“It’s nothing.” Breslin said as he stood up and walked over to the bookstore. 
He never bought anything; he just liked to look at the titles and covers. But every time he walked into a bookstore with his father, he always picked out a book. He didn’t really like vampires and werewolves, but he had taken a liking to banshees. He liked books with just a hint of supernatural. But nevertheless, he had about twelve unread books that his father bought because other things took up his free time. Mainly games. So as he walked through the bookstore he couldn’t help but feel sad. In more ways than one, he had let his father down. While sliding through the aisles, he bumped into Daisy. 
She didn’t look harmful at all, as she stood there reading Shakespeare. He imagined her trying to pronounce the words softly in her head. It was kinda cute. Almost like watching a kitten play with a ball of string.
Daisy looked up and smile as she walked up to him.
“Hey.” Breslin said when she finally spotted him.
“What, no running me over this time?”
Breslin laughed, still a strange sound to him. And he felt his relaxation kicking in.
“You actually read these things.” Breslin said as he took the novel out of her hand and started reading the back.
“Hey!” Daisy replied as he snatched it back from him, laughing. “It’s actually not that bad.” 
“I bet it isn’t.” Breslin replied as he tried to mimic to pose of the guy on the cover.
Still laughing at him, she hit him on the arm with the book.
“So this kid Eric said something about a gang war between you and some student council chick. I was just wondering if I should be dodging bullets or not.” Breslin said with a smile.
Daisy gave a nervous chuckle and hit Breslin with the book again. “Don’t listen to what the people around here say. Most of the time, its incoherent babble.”
“Says the person who just hit me with Romeo and Juliet.” 
Breslin proceeded to give his interpretation of Romeo by getting on one knee and talking in old English. Daisy couldn’t control her smile and played along, trying her hardest to remember the words to say. 
“Dith my heart lovet till now, for swear its sight, for I never saw true beauty till this night.” Breslin said as he pulled Daisy close and looked deep into her eyes.
“And of our hearts we make this love known.” She replied. Not the exact words, but a close translation.
Breslin shuffled his feet. “Swoon.”
“Swoon?” She repeated.
“Swoon.”
She had no idea what to say next, so instead she pulled herself away. Regaining her composure.
“So, I’ll see you around?” Daisy asked as she went to go pay for her stuff.
“Definitely.” Breslin replied, and then a book was thrown at him. “Ow.” 
Conner and Eric came around the corner mimicking the conversation.
“So, I’ll see you around?” Eric said as he batted his eyes.
“Definitely.” Conner replied as he tightened up his chest.
“Very funny guys.” Breslin said as he walked out of the bookstore.
“Oh come on broody, it was a joke. You know a ha-ha.” Eric started as he followed after Breslin. “So when did you become all buddy-buddy with the war general Daisy herself anyway.” 
“She’s not like that ok.” Breslin replied while finally stopping and turning around.
“Oh no, he is going to the dark side.” Conner said as he started pacing back and forth.
“She is bad news my friend, I wouldn’t mess with her.” Eric stated as he began to walk away.
“Everybody has a past man.” Breslin said while trying to revive the moment. 
 “Trust me; just watch your back dude.” Conner said as he followed Eric.
 Allowing his head to wander, Breslin followed closely behind, quietly wishing he had actually been in a car crash so he wouldn’t have to deal with this.
 
****
 
Conner’s blue pickup truck slammed into a parking spot in front of Breslin’s house.
After coming down from his tension high, Breslin reached down for the handle.
“Thanks for this really, it was an experience.” He said as he opened the door and stepped out onto the side walk.
“No problem, anytime.” Conner said as his V8 engine revved up.
“Keep it cool broody.” Eric shouted out of the passenger side window as the truck became another blur in the backdrop of Breslin’s life.
The lock slowly gave way as Breslin entered the two bedroom two bathroom house. Getting his own room was just a bribe for him to actually try at this new school. The job Elise received was very generous with its benefits, and she has been making it up to Breslin for all of the drama that they have been through these last four years. As Breslin made his way to the main hall of the house, he noticed Elise standing dead in front of him with a not so warming look on her face.
“Why do I feel like that look is not my friend?” Breslin joked as he dropped his schoolbag on a nearby table.
“And where have you been?” She asked, straight to the point.
“The Cove, with a war general and a joker.” Breslin mumbled under his breath.
“What was that?” She snapped.
“Nothing, I’m sorry I didn’t check in. Still getting used to my surroundings.” Breslin apologized as he tried to make his way past her. She wasn’t having it.
“Used to your surroundings? You’ve lived here before.” 
“It was the first day.”
“And you’ve been missing for most of it. Did you even go to school?”
“Yes! Why would you even ask me that?”
“I’m sorry; I just don’t want you to end up like your father.”
I that moment Elise knew she shouldn’t have said anything. And that saying something at all would start an argument.
Breslin paused to glare into her tired eyes. “How dare you.” He said as he shoved past her.
“How dare I?” She said as she moved out of his way and watched him slam the door behind him. “How dare I?”
Before Breslin could sit on his bed his door was thrown open. 
“Listen here you ungrateful child. You parade around here like I owe you some sort of an apology. But I didn’t kill Ken. That damn book killed Ken. And he wrote that book for you. Just so you wouldn’t to the stupid thing you’re doing right now. You’re the reason my husband is dead. And right now, I would rather have him than you here with me.”
And then she turned around and walked away.
Breslin collapsed on his bed. He wasn’t surprised by his mother’s words. Deep down he always knew she felt this way. Deep down he felt this way too. 
Too much drama in such a small town, he thought to himself. But then again, Clearveil had always been like this. It was part of the reason he was home schooled in the first place. While turning over, he looked at the books on his shelf. In the book store, Daisy seemed really nice. He could see himself with Daisy, but then he would have to actually try. Actually open up for once. He wasn’t keen on doing that. 
However, before another thought could cross his mind, his phone went off.
 
Nice meeting you Broody, just messaging you to give you some important information. I noticed that you signed up for the Newspaper and I really need an extra hand to help out on my assignments. We could totally be a team, the dynamic duo of reporting. Lois Lane and that other guy. Anyway, if you are interested then just stop by the Whisper tomorrow. See you at school Broody. –Sincere
 
“How did he get my number?” Breslin whispered to himself as he read the message. He had been a mediocre writer for the last few years and he had never once thought of doing anything with it. Full blown journalist seemed like a major step. He didn’t even sign up for newspaper, his mother signed him up. So it looked like a new door was presented in front of him. However that wasn’t the only door; he still saw the one with the big D on it. He wanted to see how his life would turn out with a girlfriend in it, but he was afraid to open that door again.
But he wasn’t going to stress himself out. He wasn’t doing that anymore. What he was doing was getting rest. And right before he faded off to sleep, he heard it. Although it was faint at first, it soon became clear as day. The sound of Elise crying.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Princesses and Queens
 
“I’m always here, waiting for you all alone…”
If You Run by Boxer Rebellion
  
Beep Beep Beep 
 
“I don’t wanna.” 
 
Beep Beep Beep
 
Mashing the snooze button on his phone one more time, Breslin rolled over and stared at the ceiling. He loathed waking up early. To him, there was nothing worth doing before twelve o’clock. He contemplated rolling over and sleeping a little bit more, but the banging on his door took that choice away from him.
“You’re late.” Elise screamed on the other side. “You’re going to end up failing.” 
“I’m not late, it’s only six thirty.” Breslin whispered to himself. Upon uttering the words, he looked at his cell phone clock and noticed it was seven o’clock. “Dang it all!”
Rushing in the morning was something Breslin loathed more than waking up early. It took more energy to rush than to just wake up earlier. And he was not in the mood to be late. After rushing to put on his clothes and slinging his bag over his shoulder, Breslin opened his door to find Rory standing there.
“Well speak of the devil.” Breslin sneered as he tried to move past him.
“Do you have a minute Breslin” Rory asked calmly
“No Rory, I’m going to be late” Breslin shot back at him
“Well I could give you a ride, if you want. We could talk.”
“No thanks” he said as he turned his back “Elise is driving me”
"Guess what’s for breakfast, pancakes", Elsie interjected as she walked up to Rory. The air between the brothers began to thicken.
“No time, I’m late, let’s go” Breslin said as he turned his back on his brother and left the room.
Elise watched her conflicted son storm off to the vehicle and then turned around to pat Rory on the back.
The ride to Clearveil was taken in silence. Breslin had his headphones in, but he wasn’t listening to anything. He just didn’t want to walk into any unwanted confrontations with his mother. It was bad enough that Rory was back in the picture. Of course he would magically pop back up just as they started doing alright. 
As the car screeched to a halt, Breslin took out his earphones and began to open the door.
“You have no reason to be angry.” Elise said once his ears were free.
“Whatever.” Breslin shot back once he was finally free of the car. 
He really didn’t want to hear that.
“Everything peachy?” Ava asked as she walked up to Breslin. 
“Did you know he was going to be there this morning?” Breslin fired. He knew that Ava had done nothing wrong, but he just needed someone to be mad at.
“Whoa, can we retract this conversation back to the point where I knew what you were talking about.” Ava returned.
“Rory, he was standing outside my bedroom door.” Breslin said as he tried to move past her.
“Oh.” Ava said.
Breslin stopped.
“You knew?” He screamed, turning his focus back to Ava.
“No. Well not technically. He said he was thinking about dropping by and I advised against it.”
“And you couldn’t have told me.”
“I didn’t think it was that important.”
“Thanks a lot.” Breslin said while he shoved his way past Ava.
As he pushed his way past the crowd of people what still managed to surprise Breslin about Clearveil was how cranky everybody was despite the fact that they don’t have to pay for their education and get up to two square meals a day. The thinking really didn’t make much sense to him, but he wasn’t about to complain because he wasn’t in the best of moods either.
And sure enough, standing in front of the school with his smile and his camera stood Eric. 
“Please man, no more pictures.” Breslin pleaded in a tired voice.
“Are you sure Daisy is no trouble.” Eric asked in a serious tone. Something that even Breslin picked up on as odd. 
“For the last time, yes.” Breslin replied while moving past him.
“Ok.”
Breslin pushed past the huge crowd that was gathering in the main hall in order to see what everyone was gawking at. And if his day wasn’t already bad, things were about to get a whole lot worst.
 
****
 
“Morning beautiful.” Dex said as he got out of Chloé, his black mustang GT, to meet Jade in the back of it.
“Am I important today?” Jade responded, mockingly, as she turned to walk inside the school.
“Awe, don’t be like that.” Dex started as he reached into his bag and pulled out a pink rose.
Jade smiled at the notion of ceasefire. Only when she was furious at Dex was he the most romantic. The most spontaneous.
 “Ugh, you!” She half squealed, half yelled at him as she walked into the school.
“What.” He giggled out as he followed behind her.
Upon entering the school, Jade froze in place as she noticed that Laci was being confronted by Daisy in front of everyone.
 
 
 
****
 
“The names Conner, and yours” Conner started as he escorted Natalie Edel into the building.
“Now what’s the fun in that” Natalie responded as she walked into the main hall.
Natalie was really pretty. And by really pretty, she was really pretty. And that was really all Conner went for. It didn’t matter the attitude with him, as long as she had the face to back it up. However, Natalie was smarter than your average party chasing, fun loving, and table dancing teen. She knew how to use her beauty as a weapon. And she won her battles not with words, but with actions.
“Oh, I see how it is.” Conner said as he slid in front of her, walking backwards as to stay in her line of sight. “So can I get your phone number?”
“You’re funny.” Natalie said with a smile.
“How about your address? Zip code? Relative location on a Saturday night?”
Natalie just giggled as she entered the commotion that was in the main hall. Turning around, Conner’s smile slowly left his face and he folded his arms. 
“Here we go again.” He said as he looked ahead.
 
****
 
“Really Laci, what an easy blow.” Daisy screamed at a tall skinny brown haired girl.
“And you would know all about being easy wouldn’t you.” Laci hissed back at Daisy. A host of people watching the confrontation had now gathered behind them.
“This isn’t cute anymore Laci, you know that the Queens need that space.”
“To do what, hid your rhythmless flailing from the general public? Well I would love to help you hun, but I have my own agenda.” Laci started, slowly stepping towards Daisy. “Face it, the dance squad, if that’s what you call dance, is useless. And seeing as the student council’s constant fund raisers are basically funding this school that would make you guys irrelevant. 
On those last words, Daisy lunged at Laci and pushed her. Daisy pushed Laci back and they both fell to the floor, with Laci sitting on top. Laci smacked Daisy in the face and Daisy returned he lick with a knee in the back. Before anymore blows were traded, security pulled the two girls apart.
“Would somebody tell me what’s the meaning of this!” Mr. Biye demanded as he walked in between the girls.
“She started it.” Laci scream as she reached for Daisy.
“No, you started this.” Daisy screamed back.
“Enough, both of you have detention. And I expected more for the dance captain and student council president. 
The security guards moved the girls away as the crowd started to diminish, leaving Breslin and a few other stragglers to stand there. 
“Yea, totally not a war zone.” Eric said as he moved past Breslin. “If you continue standing there you’re going to be late.”
“Right.” Breslin replied as he followed after him.
 Whisper didn’t look like much from the outside, just two classrooms pushed together. Needless to say the inside put the rest of the school to shame. A plasma TV hung on the wall in front of the desks. Two more hung on the wall that overlooked the desks of Whisper’s staff. Every desk had a computer on it, tuned into the schools website. The locked supply cabinet next to the door was stocked with cameras, the one next to that stocked with laptops. If Breslin was going to get any work done, it was going to be in here.
“So as I mentioned before, there’s a spot open on the news paper. And if you’re interested, it’s yours.” Eric said as he sat behind his desk in the newsroom.
All of the assignments for the media classes were posted on the schools website, and since Eric was a part of Whisper he had a choice of sitting in his stuffy desk of lounging in his padded office chair as he worked.
“So what would I be doing?” Breslin asked as he began to look at the articles on Eric’s desk. One after another had something to do with either Daisy or Laci. Food fight here. Keyed car there. Never any actual witnesses, just a whole lot of speculation. Breslin wondered what in the world got these two girls to act like this.
“In a nutshell..,” Eric started, breaking through Breslin’s thoughts. “You will be helping me on assignments until your good enough to handle your own. Shouldn’t be too hard. Everything does go through Mr. Biye though, so no writing about rebelling against the school. We lose a lot of good interns that way.”
“So what’s the deal with those two?” Breslin asked while showing Eric the article he just picked up. On the cover was a headline that read “Friendly Competition or World War Pink.”
“Forget about them.” Eric said as he turned his attention back to his computer.
“No seriously.” Breslin tried to interject.
“Breslin, if you pursue these girls they are just going to drag you down with them.”
While sitting the article down, Breslin stood up and dusted off his shirt. “I’ll take the position.” He said with a straight face.
“Great, we can start you off tomorrow.”
As Breslin stepped out of Whisper, he slid the guidelines to his new position in his bag. He wasn’t sure what happened between Eric and the girls but he wasn’t going to find out by just hanging around. He had to be where the action was. And what better position than on the newspaper.
He didn’t know why, but he really wanted to know what was going on. The way Daisy was acting was scary, like crazy drama scary. And at this moment, Breslin didn’t know if he wanted to be a part of that or not. However, in true Breslin fashion, he didn’t really have much time to decide because Daisy was walking his way.
“Hey.” She said with a smile when she got to him.
“Hi.” He replied as he tried to move past her.
“Please don’t be like that.” She pleaded, hoping that it didn’t fall upon deaf ears.
“I’m sorry; this whole thing is still kinda shocking.”
“She just drives me up the wall.” She said as she leaned against the lockers next to Breslin.
“Would you like to tell me what happened?” He asked in the most serious yet caring tone he could muster.
“Sure, just not here.” Daisy said as she reached for Breslin’s hand. He was apprehensive, but he wanted to know the history between those two. “Trust me, I don’t bite.”
Breslin allowed himself to grab Daisy’s hand and she led them to a place where they wouldn’t be overheard. Pushing past all of the judging stares and snickering grins, Daisy lead Breslin to an empty room. The hollowness of the room somehow mirrored the look in Daisy's eyes as she stood next to a nearby window.
“Is this room what all fighting's about” Breslin asked as he turned his attention to Daisy.
“Sadly, yes.” She responded, never taking her gaze from the window. “There are times where I want to just give it to her so she can leave me alone.”
“So what happened between you guys?” Breslin finally summed up the courage to ask. This single question had been eating him up since he saw the confrontation. Anger like that just doesn't pop up over night.
“It’s a long story”
Breslin took another quick look around the room. Besides the windows, there was no outside light entering the room. After simply locking the door, Breslin returned his attention to Daisy. “And it looks like we have nothing but time.”
Smiling at him, Daisy took a seat in front of Breslin.
“Ok, so Laci and I used to be really close. Like shared birthdays and sleepovers close. Middle school was where we really shined, and we used to do everything together. But high-school, that's another beast entirely. And it always manages to bring out the worst in people. Laci being no exception. So when she started stepping on people to win her student body president election, I had to take a stand.”
“What happened?” Breslin somewhat impatiently interjected.
“I didn’t help her, and she flipped out. Literally. She even kissed my boyfriend. That didn’t go over well.”
“I bet.” Breslin said with a smile.
Daisy didn’t sound mad when she explained what happened, she sounded tired. Being in a state of constant war would do that to you.
“So what now, why don’t you just give her the space. You look like you don’t really care.”
“I don’t.” She started. “But The Queens need this space. Having a gym full of boys ogling you as you try to practice a routine in short shorts doesn’t help performance ratings. Either there too shy or just not paying attention at all. Either way, we need the space to get back on our game.”
“Have you told this to the principal?”
“Do we look like a gang to you?” Daisy shot back.
“Well.” Breslin replied with a smile.
Daisy slugged him in the arm.
“You sure are an aggressive on aren’t you?” Breslin asked as he moved closer to her.
“Growing up in a house full of boys, you learn a few things.” Daisy said as she continued to focus on his eyes. His calming hazel eyes.
“So now you know my gritty past, what about yourself. Why are you so broody?” She asked while scooting closer to him.
The gap that used to exist between their bodies was virtually gone now. 
“You’ve been talking to Eric haven’t you?” Breslin asked. His eyes were a little less kind.
“Close, Avalon.” She replied.
Breslin clenched his jaw.
“Whoa, don’t go all papa bear on me. I think the name is kinda cute.”
“It’s nothing.” Breslin said. “Really.”
“Now you know I don’t believe that. It’s like you’re carrying around this huge weight on your shoulders. I can see it in your eyes.”
“Well,” Breslin started. This was going to be the first time he retold these events out loud. “So I used to live with my father. He was a writer, always trying to get me to read. I hated reading. He always used to guilt trip me. “You can’t tell any stories if you don’t know any” he always used to say. And it never failed to make me mad. He used to always use it guilt trip me into reading.”
“Where’s the quote from?” She asked.
“It was his, he was like that.” 
“Oh.”
“Well it kinda worked, so it wasn’t a totally lost.”
“Where is he now?” Daisy asked, she had a hint but she wasn’t too sure.
“He’s dead. Guy fell asleep at the wheel.”
“Oh.” Daisy said again, this time looking directly into Breslin’s eyes.
He had an inner sadness, something he did a subpar job hiding from the world. But in that moment she didn’t care, she had a sudden urge to make him happy. And before she knew what she was doing, she leaned in to kiss him, retracting almost instantly. 
The air grew stale around them as they stared at each other, neither one knowing what the appropriate response was.
“I think we should go to class now.” Daisy finally muttered as she shot up and headed out of the door, leaving Breslin to stare at the four walls closing in on him.
“Sorry.” He whispered as he picked himself up and walked into the dead hallway.
Slowly walking down the Breslin managed to not draw his teacher’s attention as he slid into the classroom and sat down next to Conner, but in doing so he noticed Conner was already preoccupied.
“What’s up?” Breslin asked while pulling out his writing pad. He wasn’t planning on using it, merely placing it there for show.
“.........huh?” Conner replied in a daze.
“Dude, are you alright?”
“Yeah, I just got to go use the restroom.”
“Well then... um.., why don't you?”
“Because of her.” Conner stated with a daze type expression.
Breslin looked behind him about three rows back to find Natalie, a very pretty girl with long brown hair, light brown eyes, and a light skin tone, softly scratching notes into her soft pink spiral. She wasn’t even acknowledging the boys existence, but that never stopped Conner before. Breslin then looked back at his indisposed friend who was now turning an off-shot red. 
“So man, I just had the best conversation with Daisy.” He said as he pulled out his books.
“Oh really, what is her name” 
“Umm, Daisy?” Breslin replied, just a tad confused.
“Cool.” Conner said.
“Yea, and she’s really nice.”
“Cool.”
“And she kissed me.”
“Cool.”
“Right before abducting me in her spaceship.”
“Cool.”
“And taking over the human race, ending the free world as we know it.”
“Right, well more power to you.” Conner said as he continued to stare at Natalie.
Breslin turned back around and dipped into his bag.
“Thanks man, you were loads of help.” He mumbled as he pulled out his water bottle and took a few sips.
Conner broke his attention away from the girl only to hear the sound of water rushing down Breslin’s throat.
“Oh no.” Conner said as he rushed out the classroom. 
“What is wrong with him?” Natalie asked as she moved up to Breslin.
“He seems as if he was just about to burst.” He responded with a smirk.
“Okay? Well do you happen to have a pack of colored pencils. My AP History class wants homework before the first day of school is over and this map of Africa has to be fully colored and labeled. What a drag.”
“No prob.” Breslin said while handing her his colored pencils from his bag. “Why are we still coloring anyway? Aren’t we a little too old for that. I mean do I lose points off my average for going outside of the lines?”
“I know right. And thank you, you’re such a life saver.” She said as she flicked her hair and extended her hand “My name's Natalie, by the way."
"I'm Breslin. Oh, and that was Conner.” Breslin replied as he shook it.
“Your friend going to be ok?” She asked, with a small hint of worry on her tongue.
“Yea, he’s cool.”
“Who’s cool?” Conner said as he came strolling back in the classroom. He had regained his composure and was ready to try another mode of approach. 
However, at that very moment Coach Jau stood up from his computer and started to arrange the class into groups for an assignment. 
“So do you like her?” Breslin probed while sitting down in the first available seat next to Conner.
“What?” Conner deflected. “Naw, I’m just trying to be friendly.”
“Right, it doesn't seem that way to me.”
“Speaking from what experience?” Conner sneered in frustration. “Besides, she’s dating somebody else. She told me that this morning. I got this; just leave it all to me.”
“Fine man, you got this.” Breslin said as he started to write.
Breslin had experience in this department; he knew the system very well. The girl system or at least he thought he did. It wasn’t the fact that he never had a girlfriend. It’s just that he wasn’t ready to reveal that story yet. His relationship with his ex put him in positions that he wasn’t ready for and that he never wanted to find himself in ever again.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Starry Eyed
 
“A moment of love, a dream, a laugh, a kiss, a cry…”
Sweet Disposition by The Temper Trap
 
On any other Saturday night, the halls of Clearveil would be far from the minds of all of its inhabitants. Junior movie day was one of the only exceptions to that rule. The one day in which the whole class gathers to “bond” together over a movie. This year they choose Romeo and Juliet, the remake.  
“Say cheese.” Eric announced as his camera flashed in Jade’s face.
“Eric if you ever take another unannounced picture of me in going to rip your heart out and punt it.” Jade barked at him.
“Of course I announced it, I said say cheese.” Eric said as he slowly started to back off of Jade.
“Eric, stop poking the bear.” Conner chimed in. “So who are we waiting on?”
“Who do you think?” Jade said as she looked at her phone and redialed Dex’s number. He still wasn’t answering. He never answers.
“I don’t even know why I asked, of course he isn’t here.” Conner said as he leaned against the locker next to him.
“I’ve got the camera right here, what’s the emergency?” Breslin asked as he hustled up to Eric
“Junior movie night.” Eric said with a smile.
The worried look that was residing on Breslin’s face was quickly replaced by a blank stare. “You mean to tell me that I left my warm bed on a Saturday night just to come up to school and watch Romeo and Juliet!”
“The remake.” Jade added.
“Great, I’m going home.” Breslin said as he turned around and began to walk away.
“You can’t leave, it’s a work day.” Eric cut in.
“You don’t pay me.” Breslin shot back.
“Details details now get in there and take some shots for the website.”
Breslin moved around Eric, giving him the evil eye before disappearing into the room.
“And don’t be so broody,” Eric yelled after him before bringing his attention back to Jade. “He’s fine.”
Just as quickly as he a Breslin disappeared, Dex appears out of a classroom with a female classmate.
“Oh I can’t believe this.” Jade said as she began walking towards Dex.
The look on Dex’s face dropped once he saw Jade’s cold expression. “It’s not what it looks like.”
“Oh really, and what is it exactly?” Jade asked while folding her arms.
“We were making lemonade for the rest of our class.” Dex responded while reaching a cup to Jade.
Jade looks down at the cup, then slaps it out of Dex’s hand. The lemonade spills all over the empty hallway.
“I’m not cleaning that.” Conner said as he dodged the splash of the drink.
“Hey!” Veronica Gale squealed. 
“Oh shut up.” Jade shouted at Veronica. “Why are you even still standing here?”
“Jade I would never t...”
“Leave.” Jade screamed at Veronica, causing her to run down the hall.
“Jade, it wasn’t like that. I would never cheat on you.” Dex said as he tried to comfort her.
“Whatever.” Jade screamed as she stormed off; leave Dex to stand in the hall with Conner and Eric.
“She looks pissed.” Conner said as he reached into his pocket to look for his phone.
“She’s fine.” Eric retorted.
After finally catching up to Jade, Dex tried to take a seat at the bench she was sitting on.
“That seats taken.” She said in a low voice. She didn’t yell. She didn’t scream. She actually seemed pretty calm. And that’s how he knew this was serious.
“Look, I’m sorry, is that what you want me to say.”
“No,” Jade said. “I don’t want you to say anything.”
“I don’t know why your hurt, but I want to make this up to you. I need to make this up to you.” 
“Whatever.”
“No, not whatever. Friday night, just you and me.”
Jade just sat there in silence.
“Please.” Dex begged.
“Fine.” Jade replied, and then disappeared back into the school.
 
****
 
Upon Conner entering the schools cinema room the first thing that came to his attention was Natalie, the second thing was the guy she was slung on. He didn’t care about the guy’s name, he only cared about how he was making Natalie feel. 
“I can't stand seeing her with him.” Conner proclaimed while placing himself right next to Breslin.
“Then do something about it.” Breslin said while snapping a shot of a car drive outside. He could care less about the assignment, but Conner’s sighing was driving him up the wall. And seeing his pathetic expression made Breslin decided to take a more practical approach to this problem. Sure he could have just brushed it aside. But he wanted to help. And be left alone. Two birds with one stone.
“You know what Conner, why you don’t give up is beyond me because you will never get with her.” Breslin said and then moved past Conner leaving him to stand there with his mouth wide open.
"Wow thanks for the help, useless" Conner said, in a sarcastic tone, as he thought about leaving this whole matter behind him and going home. But out of nowhere, he got a burst of confidence.
“Um excuse me Mr. Biye but I have an announcement to make?” Conner said, letting the words flow out. 
With that, most of the students in the room gave him their attention.
“Sure Mr. Lombard but I don’t think this is the right time. Maybe come back after the movie.
Conner rushed to the front of the room ignoring everything Mr. Biye was saying. “I just have a few things to say, and I won’t be long. Look Natalie I already know you have a boyfriend, or a boy toy, or whatever. And I don’t want to make you unhappy but I haven't been able to think about anything else but you for the last couple of weeks and I have to tell you this. That guy, whatever his name is, is all wrong for you.”
“It’s Shane.” Shane Thorp cut in, he wasn’t smiling but he at least wanted to be acknowledged. 
 “Right, anyway he can't treat you like I can and I just have to tell you I have never felt this way towards any girl ever. Natalie I’m really falling for you but if you tell me that you don't like me and that in fact right now you hate me than I will walk out that door. But if that’s not the case and you actually like me than there may be a small chance that we could actually work. And I would love to try, so please tell me!”
The words flew out of Conner's mouth in a romantic like rhythm. Natalie stood up. She was blushing and it looked like she had just been hit with a reality check. This was all too much, he was all too much. 
“Conner I .... I ......” Natalie tried to say.
 But before the words could come out of her mouth she decided to leave out of the room. Conner just looked at her as she rushed out of the room along with two other girls. He then looked at Mr. Biye for reassurance.
“Well then, that was bold.” Mr. Biye started as he stood up and moved towards Conner. “Now could you please stop blocking everyone’s view of the movie?”
“Um, sure.” Conner said as he awkwardly left the room.
Conner had reached the main doors of the school and kept going. He was tired, really tired of the high school nonsense. After spending so many years at Clearveil he normally should have fallen into some sort of routine. He should have been able to see how this was going to end a mile away. He just put himself in more drama than he had bargain for. And it was time to go home. 
He just couldn’t believe that he knew what areas to avoid in traffic, and which areas have to most fights in the school. But he was still trying to learn the difference between fighting for what you love and fighting for a lost cause.
 
****
 
Daisy hated being late to the schools social events. It made her look bad. It made The Queens look bad. Two more doors and she was home free. Two more doors and she would have been safe.
“Hey beautiful.” Wes called as he slid in front of Daisy.
“Dang.” Daisy whispered to herself.
Wesley Jason was the pinnacle of sliminess. He didn’t care who you were, where you were from, and sometimes what you had. Whatever he felt, he went with it. Classic good looks didn’t make him any less deadly or any more humble. His signature beanie covered up his neatly groomed hair. Embedded on it, was a upside down crown, deemed the twisted crown by anyone who knew Wes.  He was used to getting what he wanted, and rarely heard a complaint. Not until Daisy. 
“What do you want Wes?” Daisy asked as she tried to push past him.
“You.” Wes cooed at her.
“How sweet, now could you please move I’m already late?” 
“Aww, but I miss you. Haven’t you missed me?”
“Hardly.” Daisy sneered. She was getting really angry. “You should be going. I’m sure Laci is missing her lap dog.”
“Body shots, now that’s the D I know and love.” Wes said. He loved it when Daisy got feisty. Almost more than he loved being ordered around by Laci. 
“I’m not that girl anymore. I’m not going back to that.” Daisy whispered out. Wes was doing it again; he was turning her into a monster.
 Wes moved closer to her. The smell of mint on his breath was making the hairs on the back of her neck stand up. He always had this effect on her. Daisy knew that Wesley was forbidden. She knew that any move against him was a full on act of war against Laci. She wasn’t going to play that card. Wes however was a wild on. You never truly knew where his allegiance fell.
“You already are,” He whispered in her ear. Her body tingled with ever word. She hated him. She hated the effect he had. She hated that he seemed to hold a special interest in her.
And as if something wanted things to go from bad to worse, Breslin walked up to the spectacle. Some smelly cologne wearing, polo shirt sporting jock. Breslin didn’t want to see Daisy fighting with Laci. But he really didn’t want to see some guy whispered sweet nothings into her ear. Her face was hard to read, but through the confusion he could see that she enjoyed it. And Breslin knew a little something about body language, he was fluent in it. Not his own, but he always knew how other people felt. 
Daisy looked up and saw Breslin standing there. “Could this day get any worse?” She murmured to herself.
“Smile.” Wes said as he brushed her hair out of her face. By this time Breslin had turned to walk away. 
Before she had time to react to Wesley, he was already kissing her. And before she could shove him off a flash went off behind her.
“Get off me.” She screamed as she finally was able to push Wes aside. She wanted to deal with Wesley now, but she had to find Breslin first.
Chasing Breslin isn’t as hard as it sounds. He isn’t making a huge scene. He isn’t screaming down the halls. He is just sitting in the library, reading. Not the first reaction Daisy was going for, but she wasn’t in the position to be looking a gift horse in the mouth. 
“Hi.” Daisy said as she sat down next to Breslin.
Breslin was shaking, probably because of the temperature of the library but it was most likely because of Wes.
 “Breslin it wasn’t what it looked like.” Daisy said after a long pause.
“Ok.”
This answer threw Daisy for a loop. Breslin wasn’t doing anything by the book. He was supposed to be mad. He was supposed to yell. And in time, he was supposed to get over it. 
“Um, ok?” She asked. She wasn’t sure what to do next.
“Ok.” Breslin continued.
“So you’re not mad?”
 “No.”
“Are you sure? You’re shaking.”
One word answers were never good. She needed to get him talking.
“So how was the movie, I’m sorry I’m so late.” 
“Fine.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes!” Breslin screamed back. 
“Why are you so angry?” Daisy asked, while trying to put her hand on his.
Breslin moved away from her. “Trust me, were fine.”
“And what is your definition of fine?” 
“Look!” Breslin snapped at her. He was speaking more than one word now. “Were not a couple, were not together. You’re a free woman; you can do whatever you want. So if you want to be with him than just be with him.” 
Before Daisy could respond, Breslin got up from the table they were sitting at and moved towards the door. He knew he didn’t want this. Eric had been right all along.
“But I don’t want him.” Daisy screamed. The library was empty, but she still felt that all eyes were on her.
“Great,” Breslin whispered as he headed out of the door.
He didn’t feel like dealing with Daisy and her drama. He just got out of a situation that put him through hell. With a girl that put him through hell. That was the very last thing he wanted. 
“Wait.” Daisy gasped out, if she wasn’t crying before she was crying now. She knew that Laci had something to do with Wes cornering her in the hall. That was too organized of a strike to say it was an accident. Daisy wanted to get back at her, and right now it seemed like she had nothing to lose.
 
 
“Dude where have you been?” Eric asked 
“I’m going home.” Breslin said as he shot past Eric, shoving his camera into his chest.
“Dude.” Dex said as he caught up to Breslin.
“Save it.” Breslin said. “I’ll talk about it tomorrow.”
And with that he shoved his way out of the front door. He didn’t know how he was going to get home. But he would rather walk home than stay here.
It’s easier to run.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Head On
 
“Nobody said it was easy, nobody said it would be this hard…”
The Scientist by Coldplay
 
 
“…and we just move on.” Conner said as he placed his helmet on his head. By now Conner had already gotten the memo. Play well, the jocks leave you alone. And Conner liked being left alone. 
“I don’t think it’s that simple.” Breslin replied, nonchalantly. He was too busy flicking through his pictures to care about whatever Conner was saying. 
It had been at least a week since he had spoken to Daisy, and he couldn’t get her out of his mind. He had to find something, someone to take his mind off of her. That was the whole reason he was at Conner’s football game. Take some nice pictures, meet some nice cheerleaders. Either way, he wasn’t going to be thinking about her.
“Well we can talk about this later,” Conner said as he stood up. “It’s show time.”
Following behind the team, Breslin adjusted his earphones. Noise cancellation was a dream come true. He never liked sporting events, and he didn’t need to hear in order to take great shots. Conner on the other hand only truly felt at home on the field. And as he stepped out into the place that held most of his most precious memories, he knew it was the only place he could truly be himself. The Clearveil Football stadium roared with excitement as the football team came marching in. Of course the fans weren’t as excited at Conner as they were at Jack.
Jack Gunn, the head quarterback, was undefeated on the field. Jack smiled at the cheerleaders, shook hands with his fans, and controlled his team with ease. He was the natural born leader that everyone loved to follow. However, Breslin could clearly see his nasty attitude that he tried to mask with confidence. Or maybe it was just Breslin being bitter about Daisy. It wouldn’t be too off since he couldn’t go a few sentences without thinking about her or mentioning her name. He had to get over her.
“Do you see Eric; he was supposed to be doing this job.” Breslin said to Conner as he began to scan the crowd. No Eric, just a bunch of screaming fans.
“Still don’t see him.” Conner replied. He knew Eric wasn’t the type of guy to just blow a person off. That just wasn’t how he operated. But what he did see, all cozy in a corner, was Shane kissing Natalie.
He thought if he just ignored them that it would all just go away. But all the school seemed to talk about was him pouring his heart out. Ninth graders though it was a bold move. Tenth graders couldn’t stop laughing. His classmates really thought he had finally lost his mind. And the seniors, well the seniors have seen worst.
“Still thinking about the Romeo incident?” Jack said as he walked up to Conner.    
“I don’t think that was my best decision.” Conner replied as he surveyed the field. 
“That wasn’t your best play.” Jack said, as he shifted his attention to his coach “But think of the silver lining, now you can use this anger as fuel.” 
 “I try not to let my anger control me.” Conner shrugged as he began to walk away.
“Not control, just take it out on them.” Jack said while pointing to the other team.
“Fine.” 
As Jack stepped onto the field the crowd went nuts. He scoped out the situation and when he spoke his voice boomed in the ears of all that could hear him.
“Listen guys, we are here to do one thing and one thing only, win! So I don’t want to hear any excuses or any complaining. We are going to fight and we are going to bust our butts until I get tired. So what are we?”
“Chameleons!” The whole team cheered.
“I can’t hear you!” Jack screamed.
“Chameleons!” The team yelled even louder.
“Then let’s get it.”
Conner began to walk away when he was stopped by Jack.
“Alright Lombard, I’m throwing to you” he said as he adjusted his helmet.
“Wait what, why?” Conner replied, confused and bewildered.
“Because.” He started as he looked down upon Conner. “I’m trying to let you get some of that frustration out.”
So with the game started, Jack snapped the ball and held it at the ready. One of the players broke through the line and went to tackle Jack, but was immediately cut off by Mac Austin. Being more than just a muscle bound jock, Mac was devastatingly smart and had connections to everything you could imagine. Thus making him a force to be reckoned with on and off the field and Jack’s right hand man.
Taking a step back Jack fired the ball to Conner who was already in motion. And it was in that moment that it seemed like everything slowed down with the ball coming right for him. And in the miracle of the moment, he caught it. His feet spun around and he took off. The 50, the 40, the 30, he was almost there.
 Conner had never really done anything fantastic on the field. And even when he attempted to he was always over shadowed by Jack. However, in this moment he could almost hear his name being called over the P.A. system in the morning for his excellent performance. He could almost see the crowd cheering him on. He saw how he could use this as leverage to try to make Natalie his. He wanted to see the look on Natalie’s face as he got closer to the end zone.
 As Conner looked over, his whole world crashed. Natalie wasn’t paying attention to him, but Shane was. And he was smiling. Whatever, he had seen this before. But this distraction was enough for the defense to catch up to him.
 “That’s it Conner, keep going!” the crowd shouted in the stands.
“Conner’s something else.” Breslin whispered to himself as he continued to report on the game for the newspaper.
“He better not screw this up,” Jack said as he watched the play in anticipation.
Conner felt like nothing matter. No matter what he did or what approach he took it was futile. Natalie was with Shane. And then number thirty three slammed into him. Crashing into the ground he fumbled and gave it right to the opposing team who was able to run the ball back for a touchdown because Conner’s whole team was still trying to figure out how he let them catch up to him. Only the third play in the game and they were already down 7 points on a fumble. When Conner finally stood up and dusted himself off he realized the whole crowed was yelling and screaming at him. Even the cheerleaders had looks of disgust.
“Dude almost made it,” Breslin thought to himself while shaking his head and trying not to laugh.
“He has totally screwed us.” Coach said as he shook his head.
“I’m going to kill him!” Jack yelled. “Conner, get over here!”
Conner slowly walked over to Jack who looked furious.
“Are you serious, are you pulling my chain here? You call that running.” Jack yelled at him. In all honesty, he wasn’t really that mad. A simple mistake that could easily be fixed. But coach was ticked, so he had to show no mercy. 
“Look Jack, I’m so sorry. It was my mistake.” Conner uttered as he tried to defend himself. “I just got distracted, my bad. It was my mistake.”
“No, it was my mistake for believing in you in the first place, you’re benched.”
“You don’t have the power to do that, you’re not the coach” Conner screamed back, furious.
“The hell I do.” Jack shot back. 
Jack really didn’t care about this situation as much as he let on. But he had to keep the fans happy, and the fans wanted Conner out of the game.
“Oh, I’m sorry, am I making you upset” Jack whispered.
“No, I’m fine.” Conner spat out fast, while trying to humble himself. 
Cracking a devilish grin on his face, Jack slowly moved closer to Conner. “Well then go sit your butt on the bench!” 
Conner didn’t look at Jack and decided to just leave the game all together. He saw Jack as a mentor, somebody he could look up to. And the second he messes up Jack just flips out on him. 
“Saw the play, man that was brutal.” Breslin said as he walked up to Conner on the outside of the stadium.
“Yea, brutal.” Conner agreed.
“Why don’t we just go get some pizza or something?” Breslin offered. He wanted to get Conner as far away for the school as possible. Right now, Conner seemed like the only person who would truly listen to him.
“Aren’t you supposed to be covering for Eric?” Conner asked. 
“Eh, I’ll get somebody else to cover the game.” Breslin said with a smile as he disappeared back into the stadium.
A slow smile appeared on Conner’s face.
 
****
 
Thick pieces of salt scattered off of a French fry as it went flying past Breslin’s head and hit the girl behind him. 
“Hey.”
“Sorry.” Breslin apologized as he dodged another fry.
“We can do this all day.” Conner said, a piece of bread flying a mere seconds above his head. 
“Ok, I give I give.” Breslin chucked out. His hair was full of food bits. So much so to the point of which he was wonder how much of the meal had Conner actually eaten.
“So I’ll ask you again.” Conner started. “And don’t throw anything at me this time. What happened between you and Daisy?”
“I really don’t wanna talk about it.” Breslin said as he scooted back in his chair.
“I don’t think I gave you a choice.” 
“Alright, alright. So I thought we were cool. She even kissed me.”
“Oh really now.” Said Conner with a smile.
“Yeah, on the lips and everything.” Breslin said with a confused look. “She’s a nice girl. At least I’ve thought”
“So then.” Conner egged on.
“I was going to ask her out on a date, but then I saw her with that slime ball.”
“Wes?” 
“I don’t know his name. How do you?”
“News travels fast at Clearveil.”
“Of course it does.” Breslin said as he slouched a little bit more. He didn’t think that anyone would notice. The last thing he wanted was everyone feeling sorry for him.
“So then what did you do?” Conner asked as he sipped on his soda.
“I walked away, what was I supposed to do?” Breslin asked. Even though he didn't mean for it to sound like a question, that's the way it came out.
“You could have heard her out?”
“I'm tired of hearing girls out. I just want something simple. Something fun. Something real."
“You’re too young for real.” Conner interjected. “However, fun is something we can do.”
“What do you have in mind?” Breslin pondered. At this moment in time, he was down for anything. Even if it included skydiving from a helicopter in his boxers. On second thought that probably would hurt.
“Laci's having a party tonight. I wasn't planning on attending but after the day I'm having I think it wouldn't hurt.”
“Laci?” Breslin questioned. “The girl with all the drama.”
“We don't have to talk to her.” Conner replied with a smirk. “I'm pretty sure she has other female friends to flirt with.”
“I'm sure. But does introducing another girl into our equations make the situations any less dramatic.”
“You haven't been to many parties around here have you?” Conner asked?
“No.” Breslin said.
“Then allow me to introduce you to a world you might never want to leave.”
“I guess...”
****
 
Huge expensive house were few and far between in Clearveil. Most of the kids that went to Clearveil Academy either lived in an apartment or in the multiple suburban neighborhoods that surrounded the school. Laci wasn’t an exception to this rule. However, her father did own the Skyline Suites that housed multiple of the schools inhabitants. Thus making the building in the far back, B-7, Laci’s own personal space. Building B-7 was a pearlistic white, compared to the off white of the rest of the complex. Laci even had a security station right outside of her door. 
As Conner pulled up to the guard, he flashed a smile.
“Willis.” Conner greeted casually. 
“Mr. Lombard, haven’t seen you around these parts in a long time.” The guard responded kindly.
“Just been busy, I’m going up and I’m taking a friend.”
“I’ll let Miss Vincent know you’re on your way.”
Breslin gave Conner a blank stare as he pulled into a parking spot under a dim white light.
“What?” Conner asked.
“And what do you call all that. Did I miss a few chapters?” Breslin said as his left eyebrow raise; exposing his hazel eye to more of the light above them.
“You mean the thing with Willis; oh he and I go way back. Laci likes to do this whole proper thing so I just play along. Keeps her off my back.
“Whatever floats your boat!” Breslin said as he followed Conner into the elevator and up into Laci’s penthouse on the top floor. The elevator door opened to a second set of double doors that lead into a giant room. Breslin floated into a room full of teens dancing and conversing as a heavy bass played in the background.
“So this is where Eric disappeared to.” Conner said as he spotted the sharply dressed young man flashing away at the guest.
“You’ve been here this entire time?” Breslin asked as he walked up to Eric.
“Laci asked for me personally, who’s taking pictures of the game?” Eric asked as he continued snapping away.
“Another team member jumped at the opportunity.” Breslin explained. “Are you ok?”
“Of course,” Eric lied. “This is just really important.”
And with that Eric disappeared deeper into the party.
“I thought I was the broody one?” Breslin jokingly asked Conner.
“He’s fine.” Conner retorted. “Seriously, go have some fun. Go meet a nice girl.”
“Alright,” Breslin said as he spotted a girl dancing by herself. “Let’s do this.”
Blowing up his chest, Breslin moved closer to a girl who was in tune with the beat. Her movements were mesmerizing and Breslin couldn’t help but stare at her. Catching on to what he was doing, she got close to him and pushes him against the wall, almost making him drop his phone. Holding on to him, she moved in closer, allowing herself to kiss him, and he did the same. A soft flash could be seen in the background. But he stopped himself; try not to go down that road. 
“I’m sorry.” He started “I can’t.”
“Relax kid.” She responded. “It was only a kiss.”
And then she left, leaving Breslin to stand there alone. Nobody else was looking at him because nobody else cared. It wasn’t that big of a deal to them. So you kissed a random girl that you will probably never see again, in a random house that you’ve never been to before.  No biggie happens all the time. But that was not how Breslin felt about the situation. When he kissed someone he wanted it to mean something. When he told a girl he loved her, he meant it with his whole heart. And when he was with a girl, he went all out. So, maybe the high school scene wasn’t the place for Breslin to be worried about relationships. It seems that he was out of sync with the rest of the “high school” world. Maybe it was time for him to put all this Daisy business behind him, but it was hard. It seemed as if she was this wasted opportunity. If this Wes guy wouldn’t have gotten in the way they might have even be dating by now. At this point, drama was drama. He hadn’t gotten over it. And as he leaned on the wall watching the people dance around him he realized that he still had feelings for her, and he might even wanted more with her. And then Wesley appeared out of the back room. 
“You’re that guy.” Breslin said as Wes walked up to him.
“And you are?” Wes responded.
“Breslin, Daisy might have said something about me.” He said as he put his hands in his pockets. Breslin fidgeted when he was in a confrontation, he hated people being mad at him.
“Nope, don’t know you.” Wes said as he continued to stroll right past him.
“Well that went well,” Conner said as he stood beside Breslin.
“Yea, tell me about it.” Breslin replied through an exhale.
“No, I mean that went really well,” Conner cleared up. “Made a bet with Eric that he was going to try to fight you. Needless to say I owe him ten bucks.” 
“Great.” Breslin said as he turned his back to Wes who was now whispering in some girl’s ear.
Breslin didn’t really hate Wes; he hated what he stood for. No rules, all pleasure. Just like Rory. But someone had to be the responsible one. Someone had to pick up the pieces when guys like Wes and Rory come crashing through on their “good” time. Breslin thinks what he hates the most is that he always has to be that guy.
Cutting off his thought completely, Breslin’s phone vibrated in his pocket. He didn’t know why, but he was staring at a picture of Daisy kissing Wesley. And as he scanned the room, he realized that several other people were staring at the picture as well. 
“I can’t believe you,” He heard Laci scream as he ran up to Wes.
“I’m sorry.” Wes responded, but it was obvious his heart wasn’t in it.
“Ugh.” Laci shrieked as she stormed off, followed by several other female who all gave Wes disgusting looks.
Backing away from the crowd, Wes took the elevator down to the entrance.
“I have to go talk to him.” Breslin told Conner as he made his way to the elevator.
“No you don’t.” Conner called after him. “No you really don’t.”
 
As the elevator screeched to a halt, Breslin saw Wes staring at the moon.
“Hi.” He said as he walked up to him.
“Do I know you?” Wes asked.
“No, no you don’t.” Breslin responded. “I’m Breslin; I go to your school.”
“Wes.”
“I know who you are.”
“Well that makes one of us.”
There was an awkward pause, which lead Breslin to notice the crown on Wes’s beanie.
“Why is it upside down?” Breslin asked.
“Excuse me.”
“The crown, its twisted.”
“That’s the point.”
“Look.” Breslin said while cutting through all the mindless chatter. “Why did you kiss Daisy if you’re supposed to be with Laci?”
A twisted smile appeared on Wes’s face. He knew that Breslin was interested, and that intrigued him, “Because I can.”
 
 
 
Break
 
“Maybe we’ll live and learn; maybe we’ll crash and burn…”
Ordinary People by John Legend
 
 
All of Dex’s friends were either at the football game or at Laci’s party. However, this afternoon he wasn’t going to be able to join them. Things had been really rocky between him and Jade so tonight was the night he made it up to her. No distractions, no miscommunication, just Jade and a movie of her choice. Dex’s roses idea went over so well with Jade that she decided not to pick a movie that was to girly. And halfway into watching the bulging hunk make out with the over glamorized blonde, Dex drew his attention to Jade.
Her skin looked so soft in low light, or any light. He loved the way she licked her fingers while eating her popcorn, and how she slowly pushed her hair behind her ears every time she laughed. While gazing at her she looked at him. He was the perfect guy. Cute, sensitive, and charming. He was also a risky choice. Dex could be with anyone, and that thought was the one that scared her. At this moment she couldn’t handle being in another relationship with another player. So moving close to him with butter glossed lips, she kissed him, feeling his body shift and his senses break.  
Kissing him wasn’t the plan, she wanted to make him work a little harder,  but there was something about Dex that she couldn’t resist. Maybe it was the determination in his eyes. He wouldn’t give up on anything, not without a fight. That fascinated her above everything. 
 
 
“Thanks for the movie.” Jade said with a smile as they exited the theater. “I guessing your taking me home now?”
“Well sorry to disappoint,” Dex started handing her a blindfold. “But you are going to have to wear this.”
“A blindfold, you’re not going to hurt me are you?” 
“Only if you want me to.” Dex cooed.
Stepping onto Dex’s car, Jade blindfolded herself and leaned back in her seat. She couldn’t see the stars, but she knew they looked beautiful. They always looked beautiful over Clearveil, as if the sky wasn’t allowed to hide them. 
“And the nights not over yet.” Dex cut through her silence with his calming tone.
“What do you mean?” Jade asked.
“Well I took you to a movie and now I want to take you to dinner.” He said with a smile as he pulled in Alforenzo’s parking lot.. “If that’s alright with you?”
 “Oh Dex.” Jade said as she looked out of her window. “You didn't.” 
“Well, I felt like this was the best way to make up for all of the distractions.” Dex said while getting out the car and proceeding to help her. Dex was on fire, but then again he always succeeded at anything he put his mind to. And he loved the look Jade had when she could think of nothing else but him. 
 
 
 
****
 
After the fallout with Breslin, the picture of Daisy kissing Wes was all over school. Laci played the hurt girlfriend roll and managed to turn everyone against Daisy. And she was taking it very hard. And it was at this moment that she realized that she had nobody to turn to. 
Seeing Daisy this was wasn’t something Avalon was used to. Avalon looked up to Daisy when Breslin left. She always seemed so strong, even when dealing with Laci’s foolishness. And Ava surely wasn’t going to let Daisy just hid herself up in her apartment.
As the pink door to apartment 105 opened, Avalon slowly stepped inside. Behind the door was a severely less cheery Daisy. Her contacts were out, replaced by light pink glasses. Her hair was frizzed and out of control. Her natural smile was replaced by a semi blank stare. And her phone was glued to her hand.
“Wesley has been texting me all day.” She barely mumbled out as to keep herself from crying. Wes had Daisy right where he wanted her. Her emotions were his to control.
“Ok, put that down.” Ava said as she yanked the phone and tossed it across the room.
“Hey.” Daisy screamed.
“Don't worry about it. Sit.” Ava commanded while pointing to the couch in Daisy's living-room. With all the junk on it, there was barely anywhere to sit, but she made room by shoving a pizza box aside.
“What happened?” Ava asked.
“I've just been receiving txt about me and Wesley all week. At first they were fine, people being stupid. But some of these people were suppose to be my friends. Worst is that Principle Cain gave the space to Laci. It’s over, she won.”
“What did Breslin have to say?” Ava asked. She had to get Daisy's mind off of Wes.
“He hasn’t said anything to me in weeks. It’s only making this situation a whole lot worst.”
Avalon’s eyes darted to the side, and Daisy could tell that she was thinking.
“So how do you know Breslin?” Daisy asked Ava while trying to get her out of her own head.
 “Our families used to be really close. We used to play together when we were kids. But then...” Ava stopped. She really didn't like talking about her past. Especially the parts that involved Breslin.
“But then what?” Daisy egged on.
“But then his father died, and his brother left. After that, his mother decided to up and leave. Nobody was told. I just went to his house the next day and he wasn't there, the place was totally empty.” 
“They couldn't have disappeared in one night.” Daisy said as she took a sip from a glass of water that sat in front of her.
 “Not exactly no. Mrs. Eliot had sold most of the furniture when Mr. Eliot died. She had to offset the cost somehow. She probably just gave the rest to charity.”
“So why is he back?”
“I don't know the answer to that either. He just popped back up a couple of weeks ago. He won't talk to me about what happened. All I know is that some girl was involved, and he came back.”
“Oh.”
Ava could tell that Daisy had pretty much lost all hope. It seemed like Breslin wasn't going to open himself up to be hurt again. 
“Look,” Ava started while putting her hand on Daisy's shoulder. “You just have to show Bre-Bre that you’re not the person everyone thinks you are.”
“But what if everyone is right?”
“Well then, that requires you taking a good look at you.” Ava said with a smile. “But you’re different, I can tell.”
After the words were uttered Ava let herself out, leaving Daisy to sit alone in her room. And in the next second, she got a picture message with Breslin kissing a random girl from Laci. Seems like he's over you, the fine print read. Daisy could hear the words in her head as if Laci was right in front of her.
She had to talk to him. Clear the air once and for all. 
 
****
 
Jade’s eyes shined brightly with the glow of the city as Dex took off down the highway, stopping the car right in front of her house. 
“Thanks for the lovely dinner Dex.” Jade said as she turned to get out of the car, only then realizing where she was. “But Dex, I told you that my parents are out of town for the night.”
 “I know, I felt we needed some alone time.” He said as he got out the door and helped her out. Dex poured Jade a glass of orange juice and handed it to her, turning on the TV to the first comedy he could find. Nothing to serious, nothing to drastic, just them lying together and watching something silly. Then Dex's phone vibrated.
“Who’s that?” Jade asked as she repositioned herself.
“Conner wants me to come to Laci's party.”
“Are you going?” 
“He said he needs to talk to me, something about public football humiliation. Wouldn't want him to do anything drastic, like flirt with Laci.”
“Of course you’re leaving.” Jade mumbled as she got up and went into the kitchen.
“What is that suppose to mean?” Dex asked as he jumped up and followed her.
“Nothing, just go.” Jade commanded.
“No really.”
“I said nothing.”
“I’m coming right back.”
“Don't bother.”
“What’s your problem?” Dex screamed as he stood in front of her, blocking her way into her room.
“You want to know what my problem is? My problem is that you put everything and everyone before me. All the time.”
“But this evening was for you. I did it all for you. Doesn't that mean anything?”
“You did this because I was mad at you. If everything was fine between us you wouldn't be here. If we were cool, you would have been at that party tonight.”
“That’s not true.”
“Like hell it is.”
“You know I didn’t have to do this. Your right, I could have been at that party. I don’t need this from you.”
“Well if you didn’t want to be here with me you didn’t have to. You know what Dex, just go.”
“But J...”
“Get out!” Jade screamed. The words echoed throughout her empty home. 
“Fine.” Dex said as he walked to her front door. “But I’m tired of being the bad-guy. And I don’t feel like dealing with your personal drama anymore.”
“What are you saying?” Jade asked, she didn't want to know the answer.
“I’m done with you.” Dex said as he walked out of her house, out of her life, and slammed the door behind him.
He didn't say it loudly, but she felt as if he screamed it at her. The words bashed around the inside of her head and made her feel sick to her stomach. This isn't what she wanted. She didn't mean to drive him away. She just wanted him to see things like she did. 
She just wanted him to care.
 
 
 
Beautiful Soul
 
“Even if things end up a bit too heavy, we’ll all float on.”
Float On by Modest Mouse
 
 
The halls weren’t moving fast enough. The students weren’t moving fast enough. Daisy’s brain wasn’t moving fast enough. She was pissed at Laci. She was hurt by Breslin. She wanted to strangle Wes. All in all, Daisy felt like she needed a new start. Or at least go back to the days where she was invisible. Back to the days where she could do whatever she wanted and no one cared. Now all eyes were on her, and those days of invisibility were over.
“You ok,” Jade asked as Daisy stumbled into the empty room she was sitting.
“Daisy noticed that Jade’s eyes were red, and watery. “Are you ok?” Daisy replied.
“Of course.” Jade responded.
“It’s about Dex isn’t it?” Daisy continued.
“No really, I’m fine. So how are you and Breslin?” Jade reversed.
 “There is no me and Breslin, I’m not sure there ever was.” Daisy said as she sat on a desk next to Jade. “Everything was great, and then along came hurricane Wesley.”
“That bad huh?”
“He wouldn’t even let me explain, he just washed his hands of me.”
“So what are you going to do now?”
“What do you think I’m going to do?” Daisy said as she stood back up. “Put my big girl pants on. Confront him, and then get over him.”
If Daisy couldn’t be strong for herself, she could at least be strong for someone else. She was never close to Jade. But she didn’t need to be. She was someone who needed help, needed encouragement, and that was good enough for Daisy. While stepping out of the room, Daisy saw Breslin in the distance.
“It’s now or never.” She whispered to herself and she began to walk in his direction. 
Upon seeing her approach, Breslin tried to think of what he wanted to say. It was good to enter these types of things with some sort of game plan. He knew not to enter any type of confrontation without having what he wanted to say all planned out.
“Hi.” Daisy said.
“Hi.” Breslin replied.
An awkward calm fell between them.
“I had something to tell you, but I can’t remember.” Breslin said as he dragged his fingers through the back of his head.
“Then it wasn’t that important was it.” Daisy said with a smile.
The silence between them was temporarily restored.
“Look, can we just start over.” Daisy suggested. 
“That sounds like a great idea.” Breslin said as he relaxed his muscles. “My name is Breslin.”
“Daisy.” She responded and held out her hand for him to shake it.
“So what we do now?” 
“Wanna go for a ride?” Daisy asked as she reached into her purse.
“Umm, sure.”
“Then let’s go.” Daisy replied as she pulled out her car keys.
“But what about class?” Breslin asked.
“What about it?”
A small smile appeared on Breslin’s face. He wasn’t sure where this was going to take him, but he wasn’t going to look back. The car sped off the second he got into it and the next stop was the mall. He loved looking at Daisy’s hair fly in the wind. Even without trying, she was one of the most beautiful creatures on earth. She was fierce, and independent. She was the type of person that made you want to believe in her. And as he stood there in Forever 21 with her, he realized he barely knew anything about her. 
“Do you always skip class like this?” He asked, while trying to start up a conversation.
 “No.” She responded while sounding a little offended. “Only if I need to get my mind off of something.”
 “That being?” 
“Wes and Laci.” She said under her breathe as she shuffled threw the rack.
“So why do you stoop down to their level.” Breslin said before he could stop himself.
“Ouch.”
“No seriously, why do you let them get to you?” 
Daisy thought long and hard on the question. She knew the answer, even if she didn’t like what it was. “Because we were friends.”
“So what now?” Breslin asked.
“Now.” Daisy started. “We go dancing.”
Right across from the Forever 21 was a cheesy teen dance club. Trying to capitalize on the youth of Clearveil, it featured school mascots and ever song that was playing on the radio. Daisy had to all but drag Breslin into the place. 
“You can’t be serious?” Breslin asked as Daisy started to gyrate offbeat. “And you’re totally serious.”
 “What, are you worried I’m going to totally school you on the dance floor?” Daisy said as she began to do the sprinkler.
“Yea, that’s what I’m worried about.”
“Oh come on.”
“Ok, ok.” Breslin said as he stepped onto the dance floor.
Smiling at him, Daisy slowly pulled him closer. “I just wanted to let you know, I’m truly sorry for everything. And I don’t even care that you kissed some other girl.”
Breslin looked a little confused. “How did you even know about that?”
“I was sent a picture.” Daisy said as she slowly pulled out her phone and showed it to him.
In the moment, Breslin got extremely ticked. He was tired of the way these kids were running around and causing havoc. Taking things out of context. Someone needed to stand up.
“You have to realize that this isn’t normal,” He said while still holding on to Daisy. “Something has to be done about them.”
“What can you do?” Daisy questioned doubtfully. “Most of the school is on her side. Nobody is going to stand up to her. She’s won. The best thing to do now is to just stay out of her way.” 
 
****
 
Sitting alone in at his desk in Whisper was one of Eric's only traditions. But he wasn't supposed to be alone; he was waiting for Breslin to show up. As the door creaked open behind him, he merely reached for his fancy overpriced coffee sitting next to him and smiled.
“You’re late.” Eric said as deleted another paragraph from his paper.
“I didn't know you were expecting me?” Laci said with a smile as she draped her arms around Eric.
Instinctively jumping up, Eric spilled his coffee as he made some distance between them. “What do you want?”
“Oh, don't act like you don't miss me. Miss us.”
“There is no us. And I can't believe anything you say.” 
“I’m hurt. Really.” Laci started as she took a step closer to Eric. “But I need a favor.”
Eric couldn't frown any harder. His normally relaxed frame was now tense and pensive. He could care less about Laci; at this point he wanted her to just disappear.
“I am done doing favors for you. Every-time I do, somebody I like gets hurt.”
“Would you open up your eyes to the bigger picture E,” She all but screamed at him. “Who needs friends when you have worshippers?”
Laci's long dirty blonde hair twisted and curled down her back as he stood in front of Eric. Her light green eyes stared straight through him. To her, Eric was just another tool in her arsenal. She was just as feisty as he remembered her. It was something that drew him to her to begin with. He just never knew how dangerous she actually was.
“I’m not like that.” 
“Well you might as well be. All those pictures you've taken off Breslin and Daisy without their permission. Do you really think you’re any better than me?”
“Yes, well no I...”
“Let me let you in on the dirty little secret. Once you start playing the game, you’re no better than the rest of us. You’re no better than Daisy. You’re no better than Wesley. And you’re no better than me.”
Laci's position was firm, and she was close to what she wanted.
“So one more favor, and I won't tell your little friends what you don't want them to know.”
Looking out of the window of the newsroom he whispered to Laci. “Just one more.”
“Good,” She said while reaching into her purse. “Scan this then send it to Jack, and I’ll leave you alone to wallow in you self pity.”
Snatching it out of her hand, Eric glanced over it then met her icy stare.
“And what exactly are you trying to accomplish with this.” He asked, to afraid of what might be lurking in her mind.
And as she turned to walk out the door, she threw her answer over her shoulder. “Fun.” 
 
 
As Laci stepped outside of Whisper, she caught Wes leaning on a locker in the corner of her eye.
“You always did like following me around.” She said as she pulled out her cell phone.
“You know what I don’t get.” Wes replied, now giving his full attention to Laci.
“How someone as arrogant as Jack could be captain of anything?”
“Funny, try how even though you’re the clear winner, you’re still pushing for more damage. Daisy lost, you’ve broken her. She’s nothing. So why are you still trying to prove a point. It seems like a waste of time.”
Slamming her phone back into her bag, Laci stepped into Wes’s face. “Daisy took everything from me!” She screamed. The intensity of her voice was so strong it was as if the walls themselves were quivering. 
Wes backed up, adjusting his sunglasses and his smile. While stepping out of the girl’s restroom on the side of Whisper, Avalon walked up the hall but then stopped before being noticed by neither Laci nor Wes. 
“Instead of finishing off Daisy myself, I’m just going to have someone else do it for me.”
“Oh yea, how so?” Wes asked.
“I still know a secret or two about little miss imperfect. And come tomorrow, she won’t want to live in this town anymore.”
Upon hearing than, Avalon went down the opposite hall, as to avoid the demonic duo all together. She didn’t know what she was going to do. Daisy hadn’t been answering phone calls all day. And even if she did, what was Ava supposed to say. She had just gotten Daisy back on her feet. She didn’t’ want to tell her something that had the potential of putting her out of commission for good. All she knew for sure was something had to be done. And if she wasn’t sure about Daisy. At least she could trust Breslin.
 
 
Careless Whisper
 
“There’s no need to complicate, our time is short…”
I’m Yours by Jason Mraz
 
 
The light from Conner's TV flickered off his face as faded into the darkness that was his room. Within that darkness, also sat player two, otherwise known as Dex. Conner wasn't really paying attention to what he was playing. It was serious, and it had shooting. That was good enough for him. As the final score was presented on the screen, Dex put down the controller and leaned further away from the light.
“What now?” Conner asked.
“Another round.” Dex replied.
“You know what I mean man.” Conner said as he tossed his controller at Dex. “What now between you and Jade?”
“Nothing, I’m tired of her crap.”
“You have crap too.”
“Yea, but she doesn't hear about it every day.”
Leaning over to turn on the light in his room, Conner nodded in agreement. “True.”
“So what are you going to do about that random chick you started trying to talk to but never really got anywhere? Huh?” 
“Hey hey hey, were not talking about me.” Conner defended. “Were talking about you.”
“And now we’re talking about you, magical isn't it.” Dex replied, a pillow went flying in his direction. “Keep this up and you won't have anything else to throw.”
“Fine,” Conner said while putting down his graphing calculator. “So what do you want to know?”
“Why did you give up?”
“She wasn't interested.”
“Try again.”
“She won't listen”
“Try again.”
Conner leaned over his bed to find his phone. “And apparently you won't either.”
“All I'm saying is the Conner I know wouldn't just give up. He would save the world, recover the missing artifacts, and get the girl all before bedtime.”
“You play to many video-games.” Conner responded.
“Maybe so, but you don't want to live your life with regrets. If she won't listen, find a way to make her hear you.” Dex said and then backtracked. “A nonviolent way. I don't need to see you on the six o clock news.”
“Right.” Conner mumbled. “Like how you made Jade listen.”
Smiling at him, Dex stood up. “Jade listens all too well.”
“Ok, ok. But where am I even going to find her.” 
“She’s at the movies.” Dex responded while pulling out his car keys.
Conner gave him the strangest look he could muster, “How did you know that?”
“Magic. Or Facebook. Facebook magic.”
“Well than, let’s go.” Conner said as he rushed out the door, Dex following on his heels.
Chloé swerved through traffic with ease. In her front seat sat a very patient Dex and a very impatient Conner. He didn't know what he was going to say. He didn't know how he was going to say it. He tried the smooth approach. Got blown off. He tried the romantic approach. Failed miserably. He tried giving her space. And now, he was about to run out of options. He didn't even know if she was worth all this trouble. But he never had to fight for something so hard in his life. He was an easy come easy go kinda guy. But there was something about her that made him want to fight. And fight he was going to do. Dex swerved one last time, this time slowing down so he wouldn't hit a car in the mall's theater parking lot. Chloé fit comfortably in between a scuffed up truck and a red beetle. Before Conner could get out of the passenger side Dex slammed him in the arm.
“Really.” 
“What. Slugbug.”
Conner still managed to hop out of the car and practically run into the movies. Before he opened the door, he could have sworn that he saw Wes leaning on the side of the building. His signature dark blue beanie covering up his messy hair. But he was in such a rush that he wasn't sure. What he was sure of was he was going to be successful, he had to be. Shooting up the stairs he made it into the reception area of the theater and slowed down. Even from where he was standing, Natalie looked beautiful. So here he went, it’s now or never. 
“Natalie.” Conner spoke.
She turned around slowly.
“Can I speak with you alone?”
“You’re not going to embarrass me again are you?”
“Not this time.” Conner replied with a smile. 
Natalie returned his shy smile and slowly allowed herself to move away from her friends.
“I’m listening.” She said.
“I like you. And I came here to ask you out on a date.”
“Oh.” Natalie said slowly. At first, she thought Conner was just a clown. Then, she thought he was just embarrassing. But now, now she could tell he was serious. And she liked that about him. It was charming. Different. No guy has ever come to her in serious fashion. She felt like he really wanted to be with her.
“Yup. So will you go out on a date with me?”
“What did you have in mind?”
“I’m thinking pool,” Conner said. He felt really in control of the situation. This being a first.
“I think I would like that.” Natalie said as she pulled out a slip of paper from her bag.
“Here's my number so you can give me more details.”
Conner couldn't hold back the permeant childish grin on his face, and he didn't even try. He couldn't wait to see how things were going to unfold. And in the moment that Natalie walked away to rejoin her friends, Dex came up behind him and put his hand on Conner's shoulder.
“I believe this is score one for Dex,” He said as he made an air basket.
“Well I guess were about to be even.” Conner said as he pulled out his phone.
“What do you mean?” Dex replied, but deep down inside he knew the answer. 
Conner dialed Jade's number and handed Dex the phone. “Fix it.” 
“Hello.” Jade's voice rang on the other end.
Dex looked at the phone for a second, and then lifted it out of Conner’s hand. If he could give great advice, the least he could do was follow it.
“Conner?” Jade asked
“It’s me.” Dex said, allowing the words to fall out and float around his head.
There was silence on the line, and he feared that she hung up.
“Dex?” Jade asked after some time.
“Hi.”
Silence again
“How are you?” Dex asked, trying to breathe life into a dying conversation.
“Good.” she replied.
“Look, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said what I did; I just wanted to vent some of my frustration. It shouldn't have been directed at you. I apologize for hurting you.”
“It’s ok.”
“No its not.”
“No really, its fine.”
“Jade?”
“Dex, it takes two people to argue. I said something’s I didn't mean either.”
Silence a third time.
“So what now?” Dex asked, again not truly wanting to know the answer.
“We move on, either as a couple or as friends. But we move on.” Jade responded. Her voice wasn't shaky. She was ready to get past this. “But there is one thing I need to do first.” 
“Do whatever you need to do, and I will be by your side.” Dex said as he got ready to end the call. “I love you, and I will talk to you later.”
And for once, she believed him
Handing Conner’s phone back to him, Conner slugged Dex in the arm.
“Ow.” Dex said.
“Now were even.” Conner said as he began to walk off. 
“Whatever, I'm thinking Chinese food,” Dex said as he followed behind Conner.
“Great, you’re paying.”
“No I'm not.”
“Yes, you are.”
“CONNER!” Avalon screamed from behind the two boys, bringing their good time to a halt. 
Conner was taught that if a girl screams, you listen. 
“What?” Conner said as he rushed to her side. “Whats going on?”
Laci's trying to hurt Breslin. “You've got to help him.”
“Where is he?” Dex asked.
“They’re here.”
 
 
 
We Tear It Up
 
“I believe, this is heaven to no one else but me…”
Elsewhere by Sarah Mclachlan
 
 
The outside of the Gunn house was supernaturally quiet this evening. Jack sat on the porch and lifted hand weights while watching the cars fly by. Despite Conner's little fiasco on the field, the Chameleon’s reputation remanded unscathed. And Jack remanded on top. And even though he really didn't like being cruel, he had to play the part. He was a football captain, always expected to be a drill sergeant even when he didn't want to. And he hated being angry. Because when he was angry he couldn't control his actions. He just wanted to hit somebody or something until he felt better. 
There was only one girl who he was truly himself around. Daisy. But they were over, and he accepted that. That was, until he got at blocked message.
She cheated on you, the text read. Complete with a picture of Daisy kissing Wesley. He wasn't moved by it. This picture could have been taken way after they broke up. But then that’s when he spotted the bracelet she was wearing on her arm. It was the bracelet he gave her on their first date. And the one he made sure he took back when they broke up. There was no way she had it, unless. 
Jack at that moment was completely shaking. His eyes couldn’t focus. He was having a hard time breathing. Only one thing kept running through his mind. How could she?
A figure appeared in his peripheral vision and it took all of the control Jack possessed not to toss the 35 pound weight at Wesley’s head.
“What do you want?” Jack growled and he stood up, effectively towering over Wes.
“Just seeing how you were holding up.” Wes said as he looked up into Jack’s eyes.
“I’m not buying this; you’re just trying to use me.”
“I assure you that this is one hundred percent true.”
“Oh really Wes, and when did you become a beacon of honesty.”
Wes flashed a polite smile, “When I realized that Daisy hurts everyone she touches.”
Jack thought back to the day that Daisy broke up with him. They were sitting in the grass just above the pier together as they always did after school, and he was holding her hand. He was surprised that she didn’t want to bring any of their friends with them, it being her birthday. A day by the water sounded like a Clearveil summer dream. But she wanted to be alone, and right then and there he should have known it wasn’t going to end well.
She said that they didn’t have any chemistry. That they were too different, but deep down inside he knew that there was something wrong. He always speculated that there was a guy on the side. She never wanted to be seen in public together. She didn’t tell her friends that they were exclusive. She just always made it seem like they were having fun. But Jack wanted more than fun. And she ended it. After she finished talking he took his bracelet back and chunked it into the lake in front of them. She didn’t deserve to have it, and she didn’t deserve to have him.
“Why did you kiss her?” Jack asked Wesley in a calm voice. He was trying to control his emotions.
“I’m not the one you’re mad at.”
“Really now, because it feels like I’m mad at you.”
“I didn’t know she was your girlfriend.”
“LIAR!”Jack yelled as he lifted Wes off his feet by his shirt.
“Seriously.” Wes gasped out. “She kissed me, I didn’t know.”
Jack hesitated; Daisy wasn’t the most trustworthy person in the world when they dated. It was very likely that she did cheat on him. 
“Are you lying to me?” Jack asked, still lifting Wes into the air. “Because if you’re lying to me swear to god I’ll...”
“I’m not lying. She is at the mall right now, go and ask her yourself.” 
Releasing Wes, Jack ran inside and got his brothers keys. Jack’s car was in the shop, so instead he took his brother faded blue truck. 
Jumping in the car, Jack pointed at Wes. “If I find out your lying to me, after I deal with her, I’m going to kill you.”
After he was far out of sight, Laci’s black mini cooper pulls up next to Wesley. Jumping in the car, Wesley fixed his crown. 
“He looks pissed.” Laci asked as she began to follow him.
“He is pissed.” Wesley responded.
“So I’m guessing it worked.” 
“Like a charm. Daisy won’t know what to do.”
Laci grinned “And I’ll be there to watch.”
 
****
 
Sitting outside of Super-brew coffee shop, Jade waited patiently as Veronica slowly walked up to her.
“You wanted to see me.” Veronica asked, arms folded.
“Yea.” Jade said while standing up. “I just wanted to let you know I’ll sorry for how I acted a month ago. I was having a problem, and it wasn’t in my place to take it out on you. I’m sorry.”
“Apology accepted.” Veronica said.
“I also came to ask you to please give me and Dex some space. We are going to try to work through some problems and I feel it would be easier if there weren’t that many outside distractions.”
“Oh, are you guys getting back together.” Veronica asked as she let out a chuckle.
“I was planning on it, why?”
“No reason,” Veronica said as she turned around. “He just didn’t mention it to me when he had his tongue down my throat.”
A bright flash of red filled Jades mind.
“He what?!” She screamed. 
“I’m guessing he hadn’t told you yet. Gosh, maybe you guys do need to talk.” 
Veronica began to walk off, her heels clicking under her feet. Leaving Jade to stand there, breathless. She knew this was a problem that needed to be handled between Dex and herself, but screw it all if Veronica thought she was going to get out of all of this unscathed. So while pulling Veronica’s shoulder to turn her around, Jade slammed her fist into her face. Jade wanted it to stop there, but Veronica recovered quickly and swung back. Catch Jade in her right shoulder. Feeling the pain mix in with the adrenaline, Jade yanked Veronica by her hair, punched her in the stomach, and then tripped her. Jade had brothers; the first thing she learned how to do was defend herself. Noticing the confrontation between the two girls, a passing by pedestrian pulled Jade off of Veronica, allowing the girl to get one free lick in before somebody grabbed her as well.
“Stay away from Dex.” Jade screamed. Her lip was busted. Her shoulder was bruised, and she felt like she scrapped her leg. But at least she was doing better than Veronica. Veronica didn’t say anything, a byproduct from the blow to the face. She instead muttered fiercely. 
Jade didn’t feel any better about herself. Yeah she managed to shut Veronica up, literally, but it wasn’t really worth what was sure to follow. A ticket for fighting. Suspension from school. Grounded by her parents. All in all, she should have just walked away. But Veronica had made that extremely difficult, almost impossible. But as she sat in the back of the police car, she realized she wasn’t really swinging at Veronica. She was swinging at Dex.
 
****
 
At this point, Dex was running. More than running. Try sprinting frantically through the mall. Daisy was here. Breslin was here. Jack was here. That situation already sounded like trouble without adding Laci and Wes. He felt like this was a joke. And that at any moment somebody was going to pop out of nowhere screaming you’ve been punked or something. But as he cleared another row of stores he realized, this wasn’t a game. And people were seriously going to get hurt. As he crossed paths with Conner, he was about to relay how hopeless this was. They could be anywhere, on any floor. Clearveil Mall had three. 
“I’ve looked everywhere for them.” Dex panted out.
“We have to look again.” Conner said just as he phone vibrated.
Pulling it out of his pocket, his eyes lit up. The good news was, Avalon found Breslin. The bad news was, so had Jack. 
“Stay right there.” A mall security guard yelled as he gained on them. Running wasn’t allowed in the mall.
“You thinking what I’m thinking.” Conner asked, a tired smile appearing on his face.
“Yea.” Dex replied. “Time to call in the cavalry.” 
Dex and Conner took off, two security guards in hot pursuit after them, leading the right towards their friends.
 
 
 
Collision
 
“We’re building it up, to break it back down…”
Burn it Down by Linkin Park 
 
 
“So what are you going to do?” Breslin said as he gently played with Daisy's hair. 
“Well I was thinking a massage.”
“Funny. But seriously, what are you going to do about Wesley?”
“Yeah Daisy,” Jack's voice called out. “What are you going to do about Wesley?”
Daisy leaned up, “Well hello to you too Jack.”
“I just can't believe you.” Jack said as he stepped forward, he wasn't yelling yet. That was a plus.
“I don't know w...”
“Don't play dumb with me Daisy.” He said, allowing his voice to start rising.
The other patrons that were moving around them were now slowing to watch. Looking at them from a balcony above stood Laci and Wes.
“Jack, what’s the matter.” Daisy said.
“....You cheated on me.” He was finally able to get out. In that moment, everyone around them went quiet.
Daisy couldn't believe what was happening. Of all the drama in her life, she never wanted Jack to get dragged into this mess.
“Who told you that?” Daisy said, feeling flustered.
Jack didn't answer her. Breslin stood idly by.
“Who told you that?!” Daisy screamed.
“So it’s true?”
“No its not.”
“Way to waste my time Sanders. And to think I defended you when everyone was talking behind your back. I took the bullet for you when everyone said you cheated on me! And now. Now you prove them all right.”
“I didn't cheat on you!”
“Don't try to make out like a saint now. It’s far too late for that.”
Jack was doing well for himself, he was calming down and he was just going to walk away. 
“Was it Wesley?” Daisy called from over his shoulder.
Jack felt all the blood in his body rush to his head. He knew she was lying, he knew she couldn't be trusted. Noticing Jack tensing up, Breslin stepped in between the two forces. “Look, if she said she didn't do it than she didn't do it.”
“I don't even know who you are.” Jack said as he shoved Breslin aside.
“Wesley lied to you didn't he?” Daisy asked.
“No, no somebody’s telling me the truth for once in my life and surprise surprise, it isn't you.”
“Jack I never cheated on you, in fact the whole reason I broke up with you was so that you wouldn't get dragged into this stupid war that Laci just won't let go of.”
“I don’t want to hear your excuses.” Jack said as he brought his attention to Breslin. “So who is this new guy that you’re dating now.”
“Jack, leave him out of this.” Daisy screamed. She was losing ground, she could feel it.
“She’s telling the truth.” Breslin blindly agreed with Daisy. He didn’t know for sure.
“Ah, my naive friend, see that’s where you’re wrong. That’s what she does. She ensnares you. Makes you think she actually gives a damn about you. Then, when you think it can’t get any better, she crushes you. She crushes everything you ever stood for.” 
Jack was shaking at this point; it looked as if he was going to just snap. But coming up behind him to break the tension was Avalon.
“Breslin.” She screamed.
“Avalon?” Breslin responded. “What are you doing here?”
“Trying to stop people from getting hurt. Next time, answer your phone.” 
“Oh.”
“Shut up.” Jack boomed.
In that moment everyone grew quiet. It was as if the whole mall stopped moving. Avalon slowly pulled out her cell phone; she had to let Conner know what was going on. Maybe he could help.
“Look,” Breslin started. “I know this looks bad. And I’m sorry for the things that happened in the past. But if I have learned nothing else from Daisy, it’s how to not let your past dictate your future. After all the stuff I’ve seen her go through, she has never let it drag her down. And if she says she didn’t cheat on you, she didn’t cheat on you. Let it go.”
“Breslin.” Daisy said.
Jack loomed in front of the three. Somewhat angry. Somewhat confused. But nevertheless he was trying to process what was happening. All he was trying to do was call out Daisy for what she was and her little pet was barking at him. Jack wasn't broken, far from it. He was angry. Ticked the hell off. Who did Breslin think he was coming up to Jack and acting like he knew him? Acting like he knew the hurt Jack felt. Breslin knew nothing. He understood nothing. He was nothing but a child that stumbled into the hornets’ nest. And Jack was angry.
Lifting up Breslin by his shirt, Jack dragged him closer. "What do you know about me? You don't know the hell this girl put me through. You don't know how she made me feel."
"Put him down." Daisy cried.
"Jack." Ava pleaded.
Both girls feel upon deaf ears.
“If you won’t listen to reason, that’s fine with me. Maybe I’ll try beating some sense into you.” Jack said as he slammed his fist into Breslin's gut. 
“Do you understand how I feel right now?” He screamed.
Breslin felt faint. He was already having trouble breathing, but that blow took all the air out of him. Meanwhile, Jack wasn't seeing straight. He had fully let his anger take over him, and he just wanted to keep hitting Breslin until he could clear his head. So shoving him away, Jack kicked Breslin hard in his right leg. Breslin trip and slammed his head on the steps behind him. Jack’s eyes where mad with rage and his breathing seemed irregular. He was acting out, no long caring for the safety of the people around him. 
“Answer me!”
“Breslin.” He heard someone scream. At this point, it was hard to differentiate voices, everything looked and sounded groggy. 
“Why is no one stopping him?” Laci said from the balcony. Everything was a game to her. She figured that Jack would be angry, yell, and leave. She didn’t think that he would go postal and try to kill Breslin.
“Because you unleashed a monster.” Wes responded.
He felt firsthand how strong Jack was, he wasn’t even considering throwing himself between that plane crash and Breslin. 
“Maybe you’ll start to realize that you actions have consequences.” Wes said as he began to walk off.
Breslin no longer had the strength to stand; he could barely keep his eyes open. The only thing he could clearly hear was footsteps, several footsteps.
“No running.” He managed muttering to himself before he lost all consciousness. And then, there was nothing.
 
****
 
A bright light shined into Breslin's eyes. 
“Breslin, can you hear me.”
The guy almost sounded like his father, but there was a clear difference. He father at most times sounded distant, as if he was there but not really. 
“Breslin, can you hear me.” The voice called again. This time, Breslin's body stirred in the hospital bed. Slowly opening his eyes, he was met Rory's concerned stare.
“Oh.” Breslin mumbled.
“What did you do?” Rory asked as he backed off of his younger brother.
Breslin felt fine as he laid in what was probably Clearveil Medical. Sitting next to him on the table was a stuffed bear, a card, and several balloons.
“Nothing.” Breslin responded as he tried to sit up. He felt a sharp pain in his back, probably a result of falling on the steps.
Rory directed his attention to the swollen bruise that now presented itself on Breslin's leg. "You’re telling me this is nothing."
“It’s fine.”
“Breslin, getting man handled by some guy twice your size in front of a crowd that does nothing isn't fine.”
“You weren't there.”
“Why did you pick a fight with that guy?”
“Are you saying this is my fault?”
“No,” Rory said as he sat back in the chair behind him. “It’s mine.”
“What?”
“If I wouldn’t have left, maybe you wouldn't be so angry.”
“I'm not angry!” Breslin yelled at him. The pain that appeared in his head made his instantly regret the choice. 
“Ok, so then why.”
There was a long pause between the brothers.
“I was trying to protect her.”
“Who.”
“Daisy.”
“What made you think she needed protecting?”
Breslin pondered the question. Was all this truly his fault. Maybe if he hadn't stepped in, maybe Jack would have just left and everything would have been fine. But Breslin wasn't going to gamble on a maybe.
“I wanted to show her,” Breslin started. “I wanted to show her that even if she didn't need me. Even if she didn't think so. That I would always be there for her.”
“Whatever, all you have to ask yourself is, was it worth it?”
Breslin didn’t know the answer to this, but he felt like he made the right choice.
“Look. About Mom.” Rory started.
“Don’t.” Breslin cut him off. “She is who she is. I’ve accepted that.”
“Ok.” He said as he looked to the side to realized that Daisy was standing in the doorway.
Looking up, Rory let escape a small smile. “I’m leaving, but we still need to talk.”
“Bye Rory.” Breslin said as Rory walked out of the door.
As he door closed behind her, Daisy stepped over Breslin's bed and let only one word slip out of her mouth. “Why.”
“Because, I'm an idiot.”
Daisy popped Breslin in his arm.
“Ouch.” He winched.
“Are you crazy, he could have killed you?”
“Maybe, but I wasn't going to let him talk to you like that.”
“Well,” Daisy said as she pulled up a chair next to him. “What now.”
“What do you mean, I’m going to walk this off and in a few weeks I’ll be good as new.”
As the room grew quiet again, Daisy knew it was the right time to speak up.
“Breslin listen, about Jack...”
“Don't worry about it.” 
“Seriously.”
“I don't want to know. Everyone has a past, who says it has to affect our future.”
And in that moment, Daisy smiled. Not because Breslin looked adorably helpless while lying in his hospital gown. Not because he was telling her everything she wanted to hear. But for the simple fact that at this moment, she knew they were going to be ok.
Leaning in, she kissed him softly. And he returned while by pushing he hair back softly. 
 
 
Bright Side
 
“This could be a ship wreak on the shore, or we could sail away…”
Sink or Swim by Tyrone Wells
 
 
Breslin Darcy Eliot stood in the mirror the hung from the inside of his bedroom door. In two months, a lot of things have changed. He’s gotten taller, bolder, and some would even argue wiser. Breslin has made great friends, found someone who likes him for him, and stood up to a guy twice his size. But some things never change, like the sound of Breslin’s front door.
 As the door gave way to the sunlight outside, Avalon Clark’s smile faded into view.
“Slugbug” she screamed as she slammed her left fist into Breslin’s right shoulder.
“Ouch Ava.” Breslin said as he rubbed his shoulder. It will still sore from being dropped on the ground.
“I’m so sorry, I’m such a spaz.” She said as she playfully rubbed Breslin’s shoulder “So are you ready to go back to the grind?”
“I’m not sure yet. I loved sitting at home.”
“Oh well,” Ava said as she turned around and headed to her car. “Let’s go!”
As Breslin stepped out of the door, he was greeted with Rory’s friendly face. 
“Where’s mom?” Rory asked as he was about to pass him.
“Kitchen.” Breslin replied while pointing
“Hey, have a nice day at school.”
Breslin smiled, “Will do.”
“Hurry up!” Avalon screamed from her yellow beetle.
As Breslin sat in the car, he picked up his notebook. 
 “Writing?” Ava asked as she pulled off.
“Yea, a short story. I think I’m going to call it, a dream of reality.”
Ava burst into a fit of laughter at the idea.
 “Hey I’m working on it.” Breslin defended
“Come on Bre-Bre, this book isn’t going to write itself” Ava rebutted
Breslin chuckled a little bit, in the last couple of months; he probably had enough stories to fill a book. But he wanted to expand. So many problems left unsolved, so many emotions left untouched. And he wanted to write them all.  
Moments later, Avalon’s car came to a screeching halt in front of Clearveil Academy’s newly renovated building. While stepping out of the car, Breslin straightened his shirt and waited for Avalon to follow suit.
“We don’t have all day ya know.” He said as he started to slowly tap his foot.
A paper ball went flying in his direction. 
“Well if it isn’t broody, heard you got into a fight? Care to tell Whisper all the details?” Eric asked with a smile on his face.
“Leave him alone.” Dex said as he stepped up to Breslin. “You’re tougher than you look.”
“Seriously, what’s broody?” Conner asked.
Past the three of them he could see Jade, standing next to Daisy. And at the current moment, he didn’t know what the future held, but he wasn’t scared to find out. 
 “You know, you haven’t changed.” Avalon said as she stepped up next to him. Her smile was the best of them all.
“I know.” Breslin replied. “I know.”
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
 
 
Bronsen Hawkins was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. By way of Hurricane Katrina, he moved to Arlington, Texas when he was 13. Since 5th grade, Bronsen has been writing both poems and stories. His first book, "Surviving: High School," was recently released onto the kindle market. Bronsen feels that everyone has a unique story, not for themselves, but to help someone else.

 

