






Deliverance

Brittany Comeaux








This book may not be produced, copied, or edited without permission from the author. The world and characters of Deliverance are fiction. Any resemblance to real world people, places, or other works of fiction are pure coincidence.



Copyright (c) 2012 Brittany Comeaux
All rights reserved

Cover art (c) 2015 Brittany Comeaux

Smaswords Edition



Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 







Keep reading at the end for an excerpt of Brittany Comeaux's new novel, Half-Breed: The White Wolf!
TABLE OF CONTENTS

Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Epilogue
About the Author



PROLOGUE

THE LINGERING ODOR of arid smoke filled the dawn air over a small village now lay in a pile of ash after a brutal attack. The vicious attack was carried out the previous night by soldiers from the kingdom of Daldussa. The village they ravaged was in Cierith, a smaller kingdom that lay to the east of Daldussa.  Only three nights before, the invading king had sent out his troops to take the rest of the land. This village was one of the first of many that suffered at the hands of the greedy king of Daldussa.
Fortunately, a small group of soldiers from Cierith that escaped from Cartigo with the last member of the royal family, the princess, and they were staying in the village during the attack. Since she was only a child, the villagers, who were so loyal to their beloved king, sheltered the little princess without hesitation.  Daldussan soldiers raided the village a few hours later and ordered the citizens to hand the princess over, but they refused. As punishment for the villagers’ insolence, the Daldussan soldiers then burned the village to the ground and even though many lives were lost that day, the Cierith soldiers fought with all of their strength and managed to halt the attack and save as many people as they could.
“How many survivors are there?” asked a tall, armored knight. He had just plunged his sword into the back of a Daldussan soldier at his feet and was speaking to a Cierithian foot soldier who stood a few feet away.
“Only half a dozen or so, General Fletcher. There were so many Daldussan soldiers that we could only save a small group of villagers,” replied the soldier. The General was loyal to Cierith and he wore lighter colored armor of silver with gold trim and had a long, royal blue cape that floated in the breeze behind him. The battle helm he wore on his head matched his body armor and covered the sides of his face and his nose.
The General looked behind the other Cierith soldier present to see a group of village refugees huddling together, trying in vain to comfort one another after the horrors they had witnessed in the middle of the night. The early morning light peeked over the horizon, but was in no way a new beginning for anyone in Cierith.
“You did your best, as did the other soldiers.  Sometimes one can only save so many innocents from harm,” the General regretfully muttered.  The General then looked around and noticed the other soldiers that escaped from the castle with him, but then he realized someone was missing. “Where is the princess?” he asked in a panic.
The soldiers all heard him and looked around frantically, muttering to each other, “I thought she was with you!”
The General suddenly looked in the direction of a pile of burnt wood where an inn used to be and his heart sank.
“Amelia!” he yelled, dropping his sword and dashing into the rubble. He anxiously sifted through the wreckage to find the floor, praying with all of his soul that she was all right. A few of the other soldiers came to help him, and eventually, the General spotted the door that opened to a cellar under the floor. He lifted the door and peeked inside and, with a great sigh of relief, saw the shape of a little girl huddling in the corner, clutching her doll to her chest. She was weeping and didn’t look up when she saw light.
“Thank goodness! Amelia, are you hurt?” the General asked the little girl.
The frail little child shivered and muttered, “My arm hurts.”
The General quickly jumped down into the room, pick up Amelia, and carry her out of the cellar. The first thing he noticed when they reached the sunlight was blood on her night dress and her doll. The General found a place to set her down, while trying to shield her from the ruined village. After she was seated at the foot of a tree, the General rolled up her sleeve to check for a wound and saw a long gash on the top of her forearm. The General called another soldier over to clean it and wrap it with bandages.
“The poor child,” muttered one of the other soldiers as the General walked away from Amelia.
“What are we going to do now, General?  Where can we take her?” asked another soldier.
“The old mage who trained her mother lives in the Dwarven Mountains, and since the dwarves were friends of the king, we should have no trouble seeking refuge there, especially because we have Amelia,” explained the General.
“Oh, I think remember him. What was his name again?” asked the first soldier.
“His name is Thaddeus Coburn. Amelia has inherited a talent for magic from her mother. Given the circumstances, it would be best that she learns to defend herself, and the magical arts will serve her well. Nevertheless, I will not break my promise to her father. Before he was killed, he begged me to protect her with my life and I vowed on my sword that I would,” replied the General.
“G-General?” stuttered the soldier tending to Amelia. When the General turned around, he came upon a heartbreaking sight.
Amelia stared at the wreckage of the village. Meek and small as she was, she clutched her doll in one hand and let it hang by her side as she stared helplessly at the burnt buildings and corpses. The General saw the little girl start to shake, and so he slowly walked around her and knelt down in front of her. The General removed his helmet to reveal a soft, sad expression. The soldiers were taken aback by this since they were used to the stern, stone-like expression that the General usually wore. The General’s warm brown eyes locked onto Amelia’s big green ones and without a word, he embraced her and let her cry on his shoulder.
“Is this . . . my fault?” she cried.
“This is not your fault,” the General said softly. He then pulled her off of his shoulder, looked her in the eyes again, and said, “Listen to me, Amelia. There are very bad people in this world, some of whom will kill others to get the things they want. You’ve just witnessed what bad people can be capable of.  However, just as there are bad people, there are also a lot of good people.”
The little girl sniffed and with a weak smile, asked, “Like my mommy?”
The General managed to smile, “Yes, your mommy was a very good person, and she loved you more than anything.”
“My daddy was a good person too, right?” Amelia innocently asked.
“Amelia, your father was without a doubt the bravest and kindest man I have ever met. Your parents were very good people, and they raised you to be the same way. They did not deserve their fate, and you don’t deserve to suffer as you have,” replied the General.
Just then, two more Cierith soldiers came running over a hill next to the village. One of them gasped, “General Fletcher! More Daldussan troops are coming! This time, the king is with them!”
“Damn! Why in the world is he coming too?” one of the soldiers cursed.
“We killed his men and so no one was able to report in. The king is most likely coming to see to this matter himself,” said the General.
“This . . . this King is a bad person, huh?” Amelia asked, even though the poor child knew the answer.
The General looked at her, sighed, and said, “Yes, Amelia. In fact, he is as bad as they come. His name is Bogdan, and he is the cruelest, most vile human being alive. I know now that he will stop at nothing to find you.”
“But why?” asked the little girl with big watery eyes.
The General sighed again and said, “You don’t want this to happen again, do you?”
The little girl glanced at the ruins again and shook her head. Her messy, light brown hair bounced around her shoulders as she did.
“Well, I’m afraid this will keep happening until the king finds you. You are the only member of the royal family that is still alive, and so until you are dead, the king will continue to destroy villages and towns looking for you. However,” the General paused when he saw Amelia’s eyes start to well up again and then continued, “If we can make him think that you died here today as he intended, he will not hurt any more people to try and find you. No more innocent people will be killed looking for you, but you will still live.  Are you willing to leave your old life behind for the benefit of your people, Amelia?”
The little girl looked down at her slippers for a moment and then looked back at the General and tearfully nodded. When he grabbed her doll from her hand, however, she protested.
“No! Don’t take her!” she cried, trying to pull it back.
“Amelia, I’m sorry, but I need you to be strong.  You’re a big girl now and I am sorry your childhood had to end this way, but we have no choice,” the General replied.
Amelia then tearfully and gradually released her grip on the doll.
The General then handed it to one of the other soldiers and said, “I want you to dress in the Daldussan armor from one of the soldiers we killed and present that to the king when he arrives. Tell him that her body was burned beyond recognition, but that you killed her yourself and guarantee that she’s dead. I’ll be waiting with Amelia a mile south of here; when you get a chance, tell the other soldiers you are going to check out the area and head in our direction. All of us will then continue south to the Dwarven Mountains.”
“Yes, General!” the soldier replied, saluting.
The General stood and placed his helm back onto his head. Amelia grabbed his armored hand, which seemed to swallow her little hand whole, and asked in a weak voice, “Gavril, what are we going to do once we get to Master Thaddeus’s house?”
Gavril stood still for a moment, and then looked down at the little girl and replied, “I don’t know. We will just have to move one day at a time and try our best to survive whatever trials may come next.”



CHAPTER 1

CRYSTAL AWOKE WITH A START from a troubling dream that had been reoccurring every night for several weeks. In the dream, she always saw an enormous shadow and a blood red glow in the sky. Every night the terrifying creature wreaked havoc on the land, brutally killing everyone in its path. The part that frightened Crystal the most was that the shadow seemed to look directly into her eyes. Its eyes were blood red like the sky, and when she looked back at them, it seemed that the cold whisper of death whispered her name. The dream always ended with a red beam shooting straight into the sky, causing the earth to shake violently.
Crystal came back to reality and looked above her headboard through the window. Even in her hazy, dreamy state, she could still barely make out the sound of a light winter rain tapping on the dirty glass.  She could see that it was very early morning, but she decided not to go back to sleep for fear of the dream haunting her again. She sat up and with a snap of her fingers, a small fire appeared in her hand. She immediately lit the candle on the nightstand next to her bed. Her cobalt blue robe hung on a hook next to her nightstand; she quickly grabbed it and wrapped it around herself to warm the chill growing inside her bones. She also donned her boots and sash, but most importantly, she put on her pendant with the fuchsia colored gem.
While most mages used a staff to control their powers, Crystal chose a gem that was often built into a staff to conduct magical energy and made it into a pendant. If she were to cast a large spell without wearing the pendant, she would not only lose control of her power, but her body would be drained of energy. The little fire spell she used was simple enough to control for a more advanced mage like herself without the use of such gems.
For three years, Crystal had led many people who wanted their precious Cierith to be the way it was before the neighboring kingdom, Daldussa, invaded.  For ten years, the power hungry king had occupied the castle and had allowed the soldiers to occupy the cities and order all civilians around. There were those who finally got up the courage to stand and fight, and so they joined Crystal in her quest to take back the once peaceful kingdom of Cierith. They, along with Crystal as their leader, were known as Deliverance, the sworn defenders of the persecuted people of Cierith.
The rebels took refuge in the Dwarven Mountains in southern Cierith. There was a village in a hidden rocky valley that the rebels used as their hideout.  Even though humans were the race that ruled Cierith, the human king had always treated the other races with respect and honor. Naturally, when the king was murdered, the dwarves jumped at the chance to help bring his and his queen’s killer to justice. Therefore, when Deliverance was formed, they built the hideout amid their mountains to shield the rebels from the rest of the world.
The elves that once lived by the eastern sea border of Cierith also aided the rebels for the same reasons.  The Daldussan soldiers had also destroyed the forest that most of them called home, so when elf refugees found their way to the dwarves, Crystal saw to it that they were protected. Even though dwarves and elves never got along, they still banded together hoping that by tolerating each other they would bring the kingdom back to the way it was before the invasion.
Suddenly, there was a knock at Crystal’s bedroom door which startled her.
“Are you awake yet, Boss?” a familiar voice asked, following the knock.
“I just woke up, Taryn,” she replied. The door suddenly opened to reveal a very short, red-haired teenage boy. He wasn’t abnormal in size, however, for Taryn was a halfling. Halflings were beings that were very small, roughly half the height of a human, but they were very fast and nearly impossible to catch off guard. They aged a bit slower than humans as well.  Taryn was about twenty-eight years old, but as a halfling, he was the equivalent of a thirteen- or fourteen-year-old human. Halflings, as well as dwarves and elves, were allied with Cierith for many years and, therefore, they chose to join the rebels in bringing down Daldussa.
Because of their small and often fragile nature, halflings were enslaved by the Daldussans upon the invasion, causing more and more of them to rise up to protect their own kind. Many of the halfling rebels had lost their entire families, and many were still even children. Naturally, when Crystal formed Deliverance, her first act as leader was to form a plan to free the enslaved halflings.
For the first several months as leader, Crystal successfully led raids on work camps and freed hundreds of halflings by the end of it. With time, the halflings began to regain hope and some even dared to escape the camps. They were indeed small people, but it did not stop them from gaining courage and fighting back. The rebel hideout soon saw hundreds of halfling refugees who wanted to join in their fight. The halflings used their small statures to their advantage and used their speed and quick wits to help bring down their oppressors.
“Thaddeus said to come find you. He says he has something urgent to talk with everyone about,” Taryn stated. Suddenly, Taryn’s sister, Maryn, came running up to Taryn’s side from down the hallway.
“Taryn! How dare you walk in a lady’s bedroom without knowing if she is decent! You’d better hope Mom doesn’t find out—”
“Hush, Maryn! Thaddeus told me to wake her up,” replied Taryn.
“All right you two, knock it off!” Crystal scolded, “What did Thaddeus say this was about, Taryn?”
“He didn’t,” replied Taryn, “he just said that he needs to talk to you right away.”
“Gavril was already awake and outside training, so we found him and told him first. Kerali went to find Sigurd to wake him,” added Maryn.
“I wish I could be there to see that fat, old dwarf’s face when an elf wakes him! I can’t wait to see his ears turning red at the meeting,” said Taryn.
Crystal shook her head amusingly.
“Thank you both for the message. Go and inform Thaddeus that I will be there momentarily,” Crystal ordered.
“Gotcha, boss,” replied Taryn. He and his sister then darted down the hall and out of sight.
Taryn and Maryn were twins who fought alongside Crystal. They were among the slaves that the rebels freed in their first assault. Crystal found the twins herself and then led them out of the camp; they have been close friends of hers ever since and have stuck by her in battle. Both of them were incredibly nimble and sneaky, so they often scouted areas with other halflings and found shortcuts in dangerous areas.  Though they were still children, they were invaluable to Crystal in battle, and she had much respect for their bravery.

Within fifteen minutes, Crystal arrived to the meeting room. It was in the same building as her bedroom, as was all the lead members’ bedrooms.  The building was three stories and though it wasn’t much, it was still sturdy and gave the rebels plenty of room. The building overlooked a training yard, which was directly in the middle of the hideout.  Surrounding the training grounds were other housing buildings and storage areas. Most of the houses were only large enough to fit one family, but there were so many refugees that often, two or more families had to share a house. No one complained, of course, for it was better than having soldiers breathing down their necks in the outside world.
When Crystal walked into the meeting room, all of her closest allies were waiting for her. Taryn and Maryn were seating on top of a large barrel and were pushing one another to make room for them. Kerali, the prince of the wood elves and a very intelligent and agile archer, was standing near a group of other elf rebels. As Taryn predicted, Sigurd, the dwarf leader, was already steaming about “that damned elf” waking him up. As usual, when Sigurd became angry, his ears were turning red. The twins often purposely annoyed him to see them turn red and they would laugh behind his back.
Sigurd was standing next to a tall, middle-aged warrior with long, black hair that he tied back at the nape of his neck. He had a few gray strands that stretched from the front to the back of his head and some gray in his goatee. Crystal could tell that he had been training like Maryn had said because his long hair was slightly damp from the rain. His face was stern and serious as usual, but it was the face Crystal grew up knowing and loving. When the man saw her enter the room, he approached Crystal.
“Good morning, Crystal,” he greeted her.
“Good morning, Gavril,” she replied.
“Sorry to have you woken so early, but Thaddeus said it was an emergency,” said Gavril.
“I was already awake anyway. Besides, since I am the leader here, I am the perfect person to present if there is an emergency,” she responded.
“Of course, my lady,” Gavril bowed humbly.
“You do not need to be so formal, faithful knight,” she said, with a slight grin.
“Maybe not,” he said, “but as you know, I have sworn to serve and protect you with my life.” Crystal smiled. It was then that Thaddeus finally entered the room.
He was an old man, nearly a quarter of a century old, and he was quite experienced in the ways of magic. He wore a tattered old robe and had long gray hair with a long, wavy beard. He carried a scroll as he hurried into the room. He approached Crystal and with his free hand, gave her a slight hug and a pat on the back.
“Good morning, Master,” she said, hugging him back.
“Good morning, my dear,” the old mage replied.  He then turned his attention to everyone else. “I am sorry to wake you all so suddenly, but I have received troubling news that I think you all should hear.”
He then rushed over to the old wooden table in the middle of the room, opened the scroll he was carrying, and laid it down on the table. Everyone inched closer and hovered over each other to see it. The first thing they noticed was that the words were scribbled in a strange language that no one could decipher.
“What is this language, Elvish?” asked Gavril.
“The letters are curved delicately like our language,” responded Kerali, “but no, it's not Elvish.”
“It is written in the fairy language,” explained Thaddeus. “No being except a fairy can read or translate it. Usually mages send messages like this to other mages when they want no one else to read it.  The fairy who delivers the message translates it from the sender’s language into their own language, and then the fairy delivers the message and translates it back for the recipient. It is a special precaution used in emergencies like this.”
“So a fairy delivered it?” asked Crystal.
“Yes, and she used her magic to translate it for me,” replied Thaddeus.
“Why is it still in the fairy language?” asked Gavril.
“Fairies only change it into a readable language temporarily. They will only translate for the intended recipient, and then the words revert back to the fairy language after a few minutes to prevent anyone who would compromise the situation from seeing it,” explained Thaddeus.
“So what did it say?” asked Gavril.
“I will let the fairy tell you,” replied the old mage.  He then made a whistling noise, and before anyone knew it, a tiny blue creature came flitting into the room on graceful, shimmering wings. Her enormous, sapphire eyes looked curiously around the room.
“Little one?” said Thaddeus. The fairy immediately flew to him. Then he said, “Will you please translate this message for everyone here?” The fairy then bowed and hovered over the scroll. She held out her little hands and waved them around, making the letters on the paper change shape. Everyone watched anxiously as the words began to take the form of a familiar language. Finally, the words came to form and the message on the scroll read:

Thaddeus, the City of Magi needs the immediate help of the rebels. King Bogdan plans to invade. I cannot give more information at this time. Please send your response with the messenger fairy.
-Malcolm

“Malcolm?” Kerali said.
“He’s your older brother, right Thaddeus?” asked Gavril.
“Yes, Gavril.” replied Thaddeus, “He knows that we fight Daldussa every day, so when I saw that the king was plotting to invade, I wanted to call a meeting and inform our leader. After all, it is her decision to help them if she chooses. What do you think, Crystal?” 
Everyone turned their attention to Crystal, but she was not listening. She continued to stare at the message, particularly at the name written in it, Bogdan. It was a name that had haunted her for the past ten years. She could still see the empty eyes of the man who mercilessly killed her parents right in front of her. He forced her out of her home and forced her to live as a fugitive. Because of him, the kingdom of Cierith lay in ruin. He was the very reason she fought and led others to do the same.
“Crystal?” Gavril whispered softly as he rested his hand on her shoulder. She then came back to reality.
“Sorry . . .” she muttered.
“No need for an apology, Crystal. I should have known this may upset you some. It is I who should apologize for not warning you,” Thaddeus replied.
“No, Master Thaddeus. I have sworn to fight this man until I have found justice for those that have died by his hands, and I will therefore move to go to the City of Magi to protect its people from the invasion,” Crystal responded.
“The elves are behind you all the way,” said Kerali.
“As are the dwarves,” added Sigurd.
“Don’t forget us!” said Taryn and Maryn simultaneously.
“And of course, as always, I will defend you to the death,” said Gavril.
“As will I and all of the others here that have sworn to do,” added Thaddeus. All of the rebels in the room then raised their weapons and shouted:
“For Cierith!”
“Thank you all,” she said, quite humbled, “I know we can win this war if we all fight together. Now let us go to the City of Magi and show that joke of a king that we will take our kingdom back.”

The team began their journey to the City of Magi that same day. It was decided that Crystal and the other lead members of Deliverance would leave first and then the other troops would take alternate routes at different times. As Crystal had explained to them earlier, it would draw too much attention to them if they traveled in such an enormous group. Therefore, they were ordered to all travel in small groups to appear as if they were lone travelers.
Thaddeus knew the way well and directed them through shortcuts. For the next several days, Crystal and her team traveled north through the terrains of Cierith, avoiding the watchful eyes of Daldussan soldiers by blending into crowds and sending Taryn and Maryn to scout the areas. The cold January air made traveling difficult, but the rebels still pressed forward wrapped in thick cloaks. As they traveled further north, the land was covered in more and more snow.
The City of Magi was located in a mountainous domain directly between the northern border of Cierith and the southern border of Dwyp, the winter tundra home to dark elves. The city itself was set against a wall of mountains that circled a large area of rocky plains. The wall stretched for a mile or so and a path to the city started just outside of the valley. The wall of mountains stopped on either side of the path and when the rebels walked through the opening, they gazed in awe at the beautiful mountain valley. The city was only barely visible from the opening of the valley, and by nightfall on the fifth day after they had set out, the rebels finally arrived at the front gates of the mystic city.
“Who goes there?” the gatekeeper standing on a walkway atop the gate called. Thaddeus stepped forward and removed his hood.
“I am Thaddeus Coburn, younger brother to High Elder Malcolm Coburn. My brother has requested the immediate aid of myself and my comrades. May you please grant us entrance into the city?” he shouted up at the gatekeeper.
“Very well then,” the gatekeeper replied. He then turned around and shouted, “Open the gates!”
The enormous doors then opened inward to reveal marvelous marble buildings lining cobblestone streets. The streets were lit with glass globes that held small balls of light floating around in each one. The rebels stepped through the gates and passed by several different stores, such as scroll and book shops as well as magical ingredient and herbals shops for potions and alchemy. There was also a shop with colorful robes and other clothing in the window. It not was a sight that the rebels often saw due to their humble living situation.
Thaddeus beckoned the other rebels to follow him to the Elder’s Hall which was located directly in the middle of the city. As Crystal followed by his side, the others trailed behind them. Messenger fairies of all colors fluttered about overhead. Sigurd shooed away an old, ginger-colored cat that was following him and trying to latch onto his cloak, which was dragging across the ground; this of course got a laugh out of Taryn and Maryn. Kerali hid his chuckle while Gavril tried in vain to help the dwarf, whose ears where turning red again, to keep his cloak off of the ground.
“This city is enormous! How much further do we have to walk?” asked Taryn.
“After all this walking, I think my legs are gonna fall off,” Maryn added.
“And we’re halflings. Our short legs have to work harder to keep up!” Taryn griped.
“You complain too much! Dwarves can walk for days without tiring, and our legs are much thicker as well as much shorter,” said Sigurd.
“They are only kids, Sigurd. They tire much easier than more experienced travelers like you and me,” Kerali retorted.
The dwarf snorted in retaliation but said nothing more.
“We are nearly there, everyone.” said Thaddeus, “However, before we can sleep, we must hear details of the situation and decide what our plan of action will be.”
“We must inform the High Elder that many others will be arriving and that we have given them a special code phrase to use with the gatekeeper,” said Crystal.
“Do not worry, Crystal. I am certain that my brother will see to it that they enter the city without a problem,” replied Thaddeus.
Soon they reached the steps of the Elder’s Hall.  The hall itself was well more than five stories tall, and the front steps took up an entire story. The hall was built on a large, rocky hill that had apparently been carved away to add the hall, for the walls on the sides of the building were covered in rock and the steps in the front of the hall had been carved into the hill.
Once the team reached the top, they were amazed by the tall, white marble pillars lining the front of the hall. The entrance was a tall archway that nearly reached the ceiling. Thaddeus stepped in first and then the others followed.  It was then that Crystal saw the seven elders lined up in the foyer waiting for them.
Crystal assumed that the old man in the middle was the High Elder not only because he resembled Thaddeus, but also because his robe was different from robes the other elders wore. Each of the other six elders wore a light gray robe with silver trim, but the High Elder wore a white robe with gold trim.
The High Elder approached them first. “I am grateful that you came on such short notice, my brother,” he said. Thaddeus put a hand on his shoulder and held out his other for a handshake, which the high Elder accepted and returned the gesture.
“Anything to help, Malcolm,” he replied.
“It has been so long, Thaddeus,” Malcolm said to his brother. He then turned his attention to the elders behind him and said, “These are the elders elected by the people of the city. I am sure that you recognize most of them, my brother, but I believe they would like to introduce themselves to your comrades.”
Malcolm then stepped aside and motioned to the first Elder, a shy, short, plump man. The round little man timidly stepped forward and adjusted his round glasses. Under his arm, he carried a stack of papers and parchment. “I am Elder Bredewig.”
As the round Elder stepped back, the next Elder stepped forward. Standing well over six and a half feet tall, this Elder's rugged appearance hardly gave away his magical talents. He had long, ragged, dark gray hair that covered his shoulders along with thick sideburns and eyebrows. His dark skin and eyes only added to his brutish appearance. In a loud, rough voice, he said, “Elder Halmez, at your service.”
The following Elder was a thin, aging woman. Her long silver hair was tied in a loose bun high on her head. Her facial features were bold and sharp. “I am Elder Orwynn.”
Next was a tall, thin man with gray hair that was slicked back out of his face. His pale features were sharp and thin and his gray eyes were sunken into his head and had dark circles around them. “I am Elder Saitar.”
Next was an elf. Though he appeared youthful, Crystal new well that elves were far older than they appeared to be. Capable of living for nearly a millennium, elves aged even slower than humans, halflings, and dwarves. This elf had long, platinum hair that was tied on the ends with a ribbon. “I am Elder Ydon.”
Next the final Elder, a tall man with gray hair and a mustache, stepped forward. He removed his pointed hat from his head and tipped it to the rebels. “Good day to you all. I am Elder Leldor.”
“I am pleased to see you all again,” said Thaddeus, “It has been far too long since my last visit.”
“We are thankful to have you return, especially under such dire circumstances,” said Malcolm.
“Well now that the elders have introduced themselves,” said Thaddeus, “I am sure that our leader and the others would like to make their introductions.”
“Is it not you?” Saitar asked.
“I beg your pardon, Elder?” Thaddeus replied.
“My apologies, Thaddeus,” replied Saitar, with an embarrassed smile, “I was under the impression that you were the rebel leader.”
Thaddeus chuckled.
“No, my friend.” he said, “I am not.”
“Oh well, no matter. Who is the leader then?  Where is he?” asked Saitar.
“She is right here,” replied Thaddeus, motioning to Crystal who was standing next to him. She then stepped forward and bowed slightly.
“My name is Crystal, dear elders.” she greeted, “I am the leader of Deliverance. Allow me to introduce my closest comrades.”
She then turned and motioned to Gavril.
“This is my second in command, Gavril Fletcher.” she stated, “He is an adept warrior and teacher, and if anything were to happen to me, he would take my place.”
She turned to Kerali. “This is Prince Kerali Gladomain of the wood elves. The elves have respected the royal family for generations, as did the dwarves.” She then motioned to Sigurd, “And the leader of the dwarves, Sigurd Olvirsson, is a dear friend of mine as well.”
Sigurd straightened up in a proud manner. Then Crystal gestured to the twins.
“The halflings have also aided us and Maryn and Taryn Acker here are very skilled rogues.”
Malcolm then stepped forward. “I am pleased to meet all of you, and I wish we could have met under better circumstances, but we must retreat to my study and speak in private immediately.”
“Yes, sir,” Crystal replied politely. “Please lead the way.”
The rebels followed Malcolm and the other elders down several corridors of the Elder’s Hall. Crystal heard Orwynn whispering to Leldor briefly about how she was surprised how young she was to be a leader.  Crystal didn’t think much of it and continued walking.  An enormous staircase led them to the different floors of the structure. Taryn and Maryn struggled to climb the stairs while Sigurd growled, “Suck it up!”
They reached the top floor and finally cleared the staircase. Malcolm led them to the right and stopped at the door at the end of the corridor. He pushed the door open and beckoned everyone to go inside ahead of him. He held the door open, standing to the side as, one by one, elders and rebels entered the study.
“WHOA!” exclaimed Taryn and Maryn simultaneously. The study was so enormous and elaborate that even the other rebels stood their ground in awe. The walls were white marble and lined with pillars holding a second-story walkway. The walkway was connected to the floor below by a spiral set of stairs, and several bookshelves lined the walkway all the way around the room. The staircase led further up to yet another walkway with even more bookshelves.
Also on the top walkway was an elaborate telescope that stood on three legs before a large, round window. On the ground level, an enormous fireplace sat directly across from the entrance, and the chimney ran up the wall and through the ceiling. The floor was gray marble and lined with a rich, mahogany carpet with gold trim. Malcolm’s desk was to the right of the entrance, directly across the room from the spiral staircase. In front of the fireplace, two antique chairs with a small table in the middle welcomed visitors forward.
Taryn and Maryn dashed to the chairs and took each a one before anyone could blink. They sank in and nearly fell asleep on the spot.
“They’re more comfortable than they look!” said Maryn in a dreamy voice.
“And they look like heaven covered in rich, velvety clouds!” added Taryn.
“Stop that right now!” shouted Sigurd. “You two are a disgrace!  Have some respect for the High Elder’s property!”
“Oh it’s not a problem.” said Malcolm, chuckling, “I know they must be exhausted, so I have no problem with the two of them resting while we elders discuss the situation with the rest of you.” Malcolm then shut the door behind him.
“Now, let me start by expressing my gratitude once again,” said Malcolm. “I would especially like to thank you for coming to our aid on such short notice. It is lucky that Elder Bredewig heard of the attack when he did.” He then turned to the plump Elder and said, “I will let you explain it from here, Elder.”
Bredewig timidly stepped before the rebels. He adjusted his glasses and in a shaky voice began to speak.
“W-well, I am the lead scholar here in the Elder’s Hall, and I often travel to other kingdoms to visit scroll and book dealers and bring the materials back to the library here. On my way back from a collector in Ordale, I stopped in a tavern in a mining village east of Cartigo. While there, I happened to overhear a conversation between several Daldussan soldiers.  They were quite drunk and loud, so the whole tavern, myself included, overheard them. They were bragging about their next mission, which was an invasion of the City of Magi.”
“Go figure,” said Gavril, “those pig soldiers get away with everything and think the whole world has to hear about it.”
“Good thing they’re all morons,” said Sigurd, “Those obnoxious soldiers hurt Bogdan’s cause more than they benefit it.”
“Yes, but he trains them well and they are not to be underestimated in battle,” said Crystal.
“You must never underestimate any enemy, or else you will dig your own grave,” said Kerali.
“You’re absolutely right,” said Crystal. She then turned to Bredewig, “Elder, did you have any idea why they would attack the city? What do you think Bogdan has to gain?”
Bredewig adjusted his glasses again and cleared his throat. “Actually,” he said, “I heard them say something else, and I may have figured out what they want.”
“What is that?” asked Crystal. 
“They mentioned that their King wanted ‘the big red gem’ that is hidden in the Elder’s Hall.”
“There are many artifacts here in the city that we all protect, but there is one that very few know about, and it fits the description,” added Malcolm. “Unfortunately, it is also the most dangerous of the artifacts. If Bogdan gets his hands on it, it could mean the complete and utter destruction of life as we know it. The world we live in will cease to exist.”
Crystal’s heart sunk as she remembered the nightmare that had been haunting her mind. She then stammered, “What kind of gem could cause such destruction?”
“It is a large, blood red gem known as the Eye of Gaull,” explained Orwynn. “It sits in the heart of the Elder’s Hall sealed away in a secret chamber. Only the seven of us know about it.”
“I have heard stories of a dark entity known as Gaull,” said Thaddeus. “Might this be the same Gaull?”
“Yes, my brother,” said Malcolm, “Gaull was a destructive and demonic being. Even the holy mages of Caris could not defeat him. They could only seal him away into a stone pillar. Gaull’s followers managed to get his power in the form of a gem out of the stone.”
“It is said that when a human host comes forward and places the stone into the pillar, Gaull’s power will enter the host and all hell will break loose,” added Halmez.
“So in other words, Bogdan will become extremely powerful and destroy everything, correct?” asked Crystal.
“And he will gain immortality, so there will be no stopping him if he succeeds,” replied Ydon.
“Immortality does not mean invulnerability,” Crystal pointed out.
“But with that power, you will not be able to touch him anyway,” said Leldor.
“Well then, I will have to do my best to prevent Bogdan from getting the Eye of Gaull,” said Crystal.
“Once again, thank you for your help, all of you,” said Malcolm.
“When can we expect the invasion?” asked Crystal.
“The soldier said that the attack will happen within a fortnight, and that was seven days ago,” replied Bredewig.
“So we have another week to prepare,” said Gavril, “That should give plenty of time for the others to arrive.”
“You have more coming?” asked Saitar.
“Well of course,” Gavril replied, amused, “You can’t expect us to fight off an entire army with only the seven of us helping, can you? Though we believe every little bit helps, we intend to be fully prepared.”
Saitar stuttered, embarrassed, “Of course not, I apologize.”
Gavril said, “Not a problem, Elder,” and then he turned to Malcolm and added, “We have given the other rebels a secret phrase to give to the gatekeeper so that they may enter. They will arrive in several groups, and so can you deliver the message to the men at the gate?”
“Of course, I will see to it that the other rebels enter the city without a problem,” replied the high Elder. “In the meantime, I am sure that you are all tired, so I will have your rooms set up right away.  In the morning, we will discuss further plans for defense.” He then turned to Ydon, “Please tell the housekeepers to set up bedrooms down the hall.”
“Yes, High Elder,” replied Ydon, who then left the room.
“Thank you for your hospitality, High Elder Malcolm,” said Crystal. She then reached out her hand to shake his, which he accepted.
“You are welcome, my dear,” he replied.
The rest of the rebels then shook the hands of the other elders. Crystal turned to find Maryn and Taryn fast asleep in the chairs they had claimed. She smiled and shook her head in amusement, but Sigurd shook his head in shame of the twins. Crystal nudged their shoulders in an attempt to wake the twins.
“Wake up, you two,” she said, “You’ll be able to sleep in a nice warm bed soon.”
Taryn shot up. “If the beds are any better than these chairs, I won’t be waking up in the morning!”
Maryn, in a half-yawning voice, said, “They had better be that good for me to get up and make the effort to walk to one.”
Malcolm laughed. “Much better, young ones. You will rest well tonight.  I guarantee it.”
The twins then forced themselves to leave their haven of comfort and walk groggily toward the door. 
The other elders left to return to their quarters while the housekeepers led the rebels one by one to the rooms that were waiting for them. The twins bolted into their rooms to find two small beds waiting for them. They jumped into bed without even removing their shoes or pulling off the blankets and fell instantly asleep.
Crystal’s room was at the end of the corridor past the stairs. It was a fairly large room, much bigger than her one at the hideout. It was not too gaudy but decorated for her taste, so she found the atmosphere comforting and welcoming. The bed was covered in the softest cotton sheets she had ever felt, and it wasn’t long after she rested her head on her pillow that sleep found her.



CHAPTER 2

THE GRAND CASTLE IN CARTIGO, the capital city of Cierith, stood high against the full moon and cast a heavy shadow across the city. The forest surrounding the city whispered eerily throughout the night, and the townspeople bolted their doors shut in fear of the soldiers who patrolled the streets looking for an excuse to arrest someone.
With an eye as black as his heart and the other white from blindness, the man responsible for this tyranny sat comfortably on his stolen throne and ruled the land with an iron fist. The long scar that stretched from his forehead, across the left eye, and down his cheek, was the very reason for his blindness.  No one knew for sure how he received the scar, but then again, few people wanted to know. His sharp facial features gave him a fierce and threatening look that even the toughest and bravest warriors feared.
Bogdan Dracnov was his name, and on that night, he sat on the throne and gazed proudly down upon the young man who knelt before him. He was a fine, well-armored warrior whose skills in battle were second to no one but the king himself. The young man bowed his head with respect and pride, and Bogdan couldn’t help but grin with triumph as he finally spoke.
“You have done well, my son,” Bogdan said to the young man who continued to kneel before him. He then asked, “Was there any further resistance?”
“None, Father. The soldiers who revealed your plans were dealt with and the villagers who heard the plans were exterminated.” replied the young man, “I oversaw everything and can guarantee you that not a single person who heard the soldiers boasting in the village is alive. The soldiers I brought with me took care of that.”
“That is very good, indeed. That will teach those incompetent fools to blabber secret matters.” replied the king, “You may stand now, Prince Blaze.”
The young man did as he was told. His long, straight, jet black hair no longer covered his face and he looked at his father with ice blue eyes. His face was regal and stern, but he envied the sharp features of his father’s face, for he was always told that he mostly resembled his late mother.
“Thank you, Father,” he replied.
The king then turned to his two generals standing a little way behind the prince and said to them, “Perun, Orodan, I would like to congratulate the two of you as well.”
Perun, a dark elf, stepped forward and bowed. “I speak on behalf of all my people in Dwyp, allies of Daldussa, when I say that it is an honor to work with you, King Bogdan,” he said. He then looked up to the king with his gold eyes. The General also wore light, black armor and a dark purple cape. His weaponry consisted of a sword and several hidden blades.
Orodan then stepped forward. Being well over seven feet tall, the enormous General easily towered over the others. His size was only outmatched by his strength. It was because of that strength that Bogdan chose Orodan as a General. His body was covered in multiple scars, or “trophies,” as he liked to call them, and he was completely bald save for a thick, black beard on his face.
“I easily outnumbered those weak little peasants,” he bellowed in a deep, loud voice.
“Yes, Orodan, your brute strength is second to none. With Perun’s cunning and swiftness, the two of you combine the best qualities of battle. Now that my son is learning my strategy skills, my army will soon be unstoppable,” said Bogdan.
Blaze nodded, “I learned from the best mind in Daldussa, possibly the world.”
“I will not be possibly the best for long, my son,” said Bogdan, “For you see, I am planning an invasion of the City of Magi to claim an artifact that will give me the utmost power. I will be a god!”
“You mean that city full of mages? Father, how do you intend to fight masters of the magic arts?” asked Blaze.
“Do you doubt your father’s skills, Blaze?” Bogdan asked.
“Not at all. I only wanted to know your strategy,” Blaze replied.
“If you must know, I have recruited help from within the city,” replied the king.
“This is going to be an inside job?” asked Perun. “How fun.”
“Not just any inside job,” said Bogdan. He took a pause and then said, “I have enlisted the help of one of the city’s Elders.”
“You mean you convinced one of the city’s leaders to help you?” asked Blaze.
“Actually, he came to me out of the blue and told me about the artifact,” explained Bogdan. “He came to the castle and offered to tell me how to get unimaginable power and only asked for control of the city after I claimed it.” 
“Who is he?” asked Blaze.
Suddenly, a cloud of black smoke and ashes appeared and then faded as the shape of a man began to form. Once he took complete shape, the man walked forward and approached the throne.
“Here he is now,” said Bogdan. He then stood from the throne and said, “Welcome, Saitar.”
Saitar bowed before Bogdan. “Good evening, my King.”
“You may rise,” replied Bogdan. “So how are things in the city?”
“I am afraid there is a problem,” replied Saitar as he stood up.
Bogdan’s grin faded quickly into a frown. He slowly walked down the steps beneath his throne, never taking his eyes off of the Elder. In a low, eerily steady voice, the king said, “What kind of problem?  You know how much I despise for a plan to go astray.”
“I-I . . .” Saitar stammered, “I hear that some of your soldiers have revealed your plans.”
“Yes, Saitar, I am quite aware of that. However, it has been taken care of. The village was burned to the ground and the villagers killed,” said Bogdan. He then stopped smirking when a thought crossed his mind. “Wait a minute, how did you know about that?”
Saitar gulped. “There was someone from the City of Magi who was traveling in the village at the time your soldiers were there. He overheard what the soldiers said and left before he was discovered to warn the city.”
“Well who was it?” Bogdan asked.
“It was one of the other elders, my King, Elder Bredewig, to be exact,” said Saitar.
Bogdan stood as still as a statue for some time.  After what seemed like an eternity, he slowly approached a small table and, without warning, grabbed it and threw it through a nearby window.  The window shattered and the table flew to the ground below and smashed into pieces.
“You mean to tell me that the mages know of my attack? The whole mission could be compromised now! Surely now they will build their defenses before the invasion!” Bogdan bellowed. 
“I am afraid there is more, my King,” said Saitar in a weak voice.
“What else could possibly be wrong?” Bogdan asked angrily.
When Saitar began to speak again, his voice became weak and frightened. “The High Elder has contacted the rebel group, Deliverance, and they have agreed to protect the city.”
To everyone’s surprise, Bogdan did not become angrier, but calmer. He even managed a weak grin as he muttered, “Yes . . .”
“Father, what do you have in mind?” asked Blaze.
Bogdan paced and stroked the sides of his face. He kept muttering to himself, but eventually spoke.  “Perhaps this is not a bad thing.”
“I beg your pardon?” asked Saitar.
“If I can plan the perfect strategy, perhaps I can eliminate the leader of the rebels. Without their leader, the rebels will surely fall. They have been a thorn in my side for three years, so perhaps I can now make an example of those who try to stand in my way,” explained Bogdan. He then asked Saitar, “Have you met the leader?”
“Yes I have, my king,” replied the Elder, “It is a young woman who goes by the name, ‘Crystal.’”
Bogdan stopped in his tracks. “A woman?”
“Yes, my king,” said Saitar.
Bogdan scoffed. “Leave it to a woman to cause nothing but trouble for a man. Tell me Saitar, what do you know about her?”
“She didn't reveal much about herself to the other elders, but the High Elder's brother seems to know her well. I do know that she's a mage, but I don't  recall her ever training in the city,” explained Saitar.
“I'll have to make it a point to find out more about her. A blade may pierce your enemy's heart, but knowledge of your enemy is the far superior weapon. For the time being, I want you to bring false plans to the City of Magi, Saitar. Inform the other elders that you interrogated one of my commanders and found out the attack strategy. Give me the night to make a plan and return here in the morning to get them from me. We will fool the mages, sneak to the Eye of Gaull, and I will claim it. Understood?”
“Yes, my King,” replied Saitar, “I must return now before they find my bed chamber empty.”
“Very well,” replied Bogdan, “remember, you must return here in the morning, perhaps around sunrise before they notice you are gone.”
“Yes, of course,” replied the Elder. He then disappeared in a flash of smoke and ember.
“Are you sure we can trust him, Father?” asked Blaze.
“What do you mean, Blaze?” asked Bogdan.
“I mean, it seems odd that he is going to help you gain ultimate power and all he asks in return is for control of the city. Why just the city? And why didn’t he just take the Eye of Gaull for himself rather than tell you about it?” asked Blaze.
“Some fools do not wish for the burden of ruling the world, but rather keep their ambitions small,” replied the King.
“Very well, I trust your judgment,” replied Blaze.
“I have planning to do, so you are all dismissed,” said Bogdan.
Blaze and the generals bowed once again and then one by one, left the room.

Crystal awoke long after dawn. She felt bad for oversleeping, but she didn’t blame herself, considering how little sleep she got in the past several days before lying in the luxurious bed she lay in.  She slept so hard that she either did not dream or did not remember dreaming. She considered this a blessing, since she had not been haunted by the recurring nightmare for the first night in weeks.
Crystal quickly got dressed and left her room. She did, of course, make her bed first. It was good manners, after all. As she left her room and walked down the corridor, Gavril trotted up the stairs.
“Where is everyone?” she asked.
“Downstairs in the meeting hall,” replied Gavril.
“Meeting hall?”
“High Elder Malcolm is discussing the invasion details with the council. He hasn’t told anyone outside of the elders about the threat, and so he wants to prepare everyone,” explained Gavril, “He also said that they may have uncovered invasion plans that we can strategize with.”
Crystal’s eyes widened. “How did they get these plans?”
“Elder Saitar was out searching for more information early this morning and found a commander of the Daldussan army. He interrogated him and found out how Bogdan was going to attack and when,” explained Gavril.
“Good, now we can form a better plan. Let’s go to the meeting,” said Crystal.
Gavril nodded and said, “Very well, follow me.”

The meeting hall was packed with council members and rebels. The High Elder kept his promise and many more rebels were allowed into the city.  When Crystal and Gavril walked into the room, Thaddeus approached them.
“Good day to you both,” he said, “Sorry for the crowd. I am afraid we will have to stand in the back of the room while the elders conduct the meeting.”
“That’s fine, Master Thaddeus,” replied Crystal.
For the next few minutes, several rebels approached Crystal and greeted her, and one by one the elders began to enter the room. It was when Malcolm entered that everyone grew silent. He walked around the front of the room behind the elders’ tall podiums, walked up the steps to his podium, and began to speak.
“Good morning, council members, elders, and members of Deliverance,” he said. He stood behind his high desk in the middle of the elders. The other elders sat three on each a side of the High Elder, and each seat was lower than the last. On Malcolm’s right sat Bredewig, then Halmez, then Orwynn, and on his left, sat Saitar, then Ydon, then Leldor.
“I am sorry for the seating arrangements,” he continued, “but this is an urgent matter and the rebels need to be present for this. The council members may be wondering why I have called the rebels here.  Please understand that this is an emergency and we need their help.
“As most of you know, Deliverance is a Cierith liberation group bent on fighting the tyranny of King Bogdan of Daldussa. Everyone in this city knows that our number one rule is to never swear allegiance to one kingdom. We have always stood by anyone from any kingdom who wishes to learn the magic arts, and therefore, we have not taken sides so we will not cause controversy between nations.
“However, it pains me to inform you that we are being threatened by the king of Daldussa. He intends to attack the city and steal a powerful artifact from the Elder’s Hall,” Malcolm explained.
The council members began whispering back and forth. Malcolm cleared his throat loudly to calm the room down once again.
“I am afraid it is true,” said Malcolm, “The King plans to make off with something called the Eye of Gaull. It is the essence of a great evil and if the king obtains it, he will have absolute power over everyone and everything. Deliverance has graciously agreed to help us defend our city. In return . . .” Malcolm trailed of, took a long pause, and then continued, “I have offered the rebels allegiance from the City of Magi.
The people in the crowd stood and began shouting out all at once.  Agitation and confusion swept over the room and Malcolm had to bellow, “Order! Order!” to get the people to calm down.
“May I speak, High Elder?” said a man in the middle of the crowd.
“You have the floor, councilman,” replied Malcolm.
“Thank you, Sir,” the man replied, “With all due respect, Sir, we cannot possibly offer such a thing! We have mages that reside here who come from kingdoms that were enemies of Cierith before the invasion; it would cause unnecessary conflict between members of the city to allow an allegiance. I also feel that it is dangerous to get involved in the middle of the conflict between Cierith and Daldussa.”
“I understand your concern, councilman, but without the help of the rebels, there may not be a city for our mages to go to. As for the conflict, Bogdan involved the City of Magi the second he decided to invade us,” said Malcolm.
“May I have the floor, High Elder,” asked a female council member.
“You may, councilwoman,” replied Malcolm.
“Thank you, High Elder,” she said, “I do not believe we need the rebels to defend the city. I feel that because you believe so, that you do not believe in the abilities of your fellow mages. Can we not defend the city ourselves?”
“Let me assure you, councilwoman, I have the utmost faith in our mages. However, I know that Bogdan’s army is great in numbers and that he himself has never failed in an invasion. I will take no chances in defending this city, even if it means breaking the rules to do so,” replied Malcolm.
Before Malcolm could even finish speaking, Crystal began walking toward the front of the room.  Council members turned their heads to see her walk past.
“What is she doing?” asked Maryn.  Taryn shrugged.
Crystal ignored the whispers of her “rude behavior”, and approached the High Elder's desk. She stopped directly in front of his desk and looked up at him.
“High Elder Malcolm, may I speak to the council?” she asked.
Malcolm paused for a moment and then said, “You have the floor, Crystal.”
Crystal turned to the crowd and stood silently until they all stopped talking. She looked around the room and began to speak, “Good members of the council. I am Crystal, founder and leader of Deliverance. I know all of you are doubtful and possibly even afraid now that your home is being threatened. I know all too well what that fear is like. I have seen this monster destroy lives in less than a day. Being a mage myself, I am confident that you are masters of your skill.  However, it will take more than studying and training to defeat Bogdan. He is a cunning, manipulative, and masterful strategist. No matter how well your defenses are, he will find a way to use it against you.  Developing your skills is useless if you cannot outsmart him. I have seen many people, even children, murdered in cold blood. I have seen the ruthlessness of one man destroy an entire kingdom in less than a week, and even ten years later, the people live in fear, wondering every day if that day is their last. It is no way for anyone to live.
“I started this Deliverance to free our homeland and its people, and I will not let any other land suffer as our Cierith has. If the King conquers this city, he will take everything from you: your children, your family, your friends, and your freedom. Therefore, I wish for you to allow me to stay and protect your beautiful land and stop Bogdan from causing any more suffering. I know that my friends are with me all the way, so please, council members, let us stay and end this tyranny before it begins.”
The entire room remained silent. Crystal’s words still hovered around them, and it was apparent that several of the council members were quite moved by her speech. Many had tears swelling in their eyes.  After a long silence, Malcolm stood again and spoke.
“I will now call a vote. As you know, a majority rule of the council is required to make a decision,” he said, “All in favor of the rebels leaving, raise your hand.”
Only half a dozen council members raised their hands.
They held them up until the High Elder spoke again, “All those in favor of the rebels staying and helping us to defend the city, raise your hand.”
At this point, the remaining council members all raised their hands. There were roughly three dozen hands in the air, and many of those council members still had tear-soaked eyes. Crystal smiled at the sight of the support, and even more so when Malcolm said, “Then it is settled. The rebels will stay and defend our city alongside us.”
The rebels and the supporting council members clapped. Malcolm then climbed down from his desk and stepped before Crystal, hand outstretched. Crystal then shook the High Elder's hand and sealed the alliance.



CHAPTER 3

THE REBELS FOUND THEMSELVES once again in the High Elder’s study in less than a day. They left for the study immediately after Malcolm concluded the meeting and dismissed the council members. He assured everyone that Elder Saitar had the battle plans and that the other elders and the rebels would decide on a strategy. To avoid causing a panic throughout the city, the council was then advised not to spread the word of the invasion until a defensive strategy was formed.
“I set out into the nearest town to find more information.” explained Saitar, “I had a hunch that soldiers would be posted close to the City of Magi would be keeping watch for more information. My suspicions were confirmed when I found a commander about five miles from the city walls. As it turns out, he knew the entire battle plan, and so I used a hypnosis spell on him to get him to spill every detail of it.” Saitar then unrolled a scroll with messy handwriting on it, as if someone had written it in a hurry, and flattened it out on the High Elder’s desk.
Crystal put each a hand on the rolled ends of the scroll to keep it in place. Gavril peered at the parchment over her shoulder while the other rebels waited a few feet behind.
“He’s going to attack directly from the front of the city?” she asked.
“That is what the soldier told me,” Saitar replied proudly.
“That cannot be right,” replied Crystal.  
Saitar frowned. “What do you mean?” he asked.  
Crystal shook her head. “This plan is too obvious.  Bogdan never attacks directly.”
“He is a master strategist.” added Gavril, “I agree with Crystal. I hardly think that the best strategist in Daldussa would attack a city full of mages head on; he would have an extra plan.”
“Are you saying that these plans are false?” asked Malcolm.
Crystal wasted no time in answering, “Yes, High Elder.”
“Just what are you saying?” Saitar snapped.  Everyone then turned to look at him suddenly.
“I beg your pardon?” Crystal asked, taken aback.
“You tell me that these plans are false,” retorted Saitar, hiding his anxiety. “Are you accusing me of lying?”
Crystal stared at him in disbelief. Everyone else remained quiet, shocked by his defensive reaction. “Elder Saitar, I in no way intended to insult you by claiming these plans were false. I merely suggested that the soldier you interrogated did not know the real plan. Perhaps Bogdan did not tell lower rank soldiers for that reason, which wouldn’t surprise me in the least.”
Everyone then watched the Elder for a reaction. He was clearly agitated but seemed to be calming down.
“I apologize for my rudeness,” Saitar replied.
“Do not fret, I am sure you are as nervous as everyone here about this whole situation,” replied Crystal.
“Might I ask, young lady, how do you know so much about the king’s tactics?” asked Leldor.
Before she spoke, Crystal pondered for a moment, considering her words. Then she spoke, “Let’s just say that . . . I have seen his attacks firsthand. I know what he does in battle, and so I know he will not attack so obviously. He loves having the satisfaction of successfully tricking his enemies. No one will know he's there until it's too late.”
“Oh, I see,” replied Leldor.
A brief silence followed, at which point Malcolm interjected. “Would everyone please give me a moment to speak to Crystal alone? You may all wait out in the hall.”
“Yes High Elder,” said the elders simultaneously.
Crystal nodded to the other rebels in assurance.  Gavril nodded back and directed the other rebels to the door.
Once everyone was out of sight and earshot, Malcolm walked over to Crystal. She eyed him curiously and asked, “What is it, High Elder?”
“Crystal, I am starting to fear that you may be too emotional to complete this task,” said Malcolm.
Crystal sighed and assured the High Elder, “I will be fine. I want justice, and I refuse to run away from this.”
“I am sure all your friends do as well, but after what has happened to you, are you sure you can control yourself when you see Bogdan?” he asked.
Crystal sighed and responded, “I’ll do my best. I know if I blow this, I will regret it forever, but I also know I will regret not trying more. That is why there is no way I am going to sit around and do nothing.”
“Your parents would not want you to get killed for them, Amelia,” said Malcolm.
Crystal straightened up. “Don't call me that. Amelia is dead.”
Malcolm took a deep breath and replied softly, “I am sorry . . . Crystal. I just want to make sure you are ready and can handle this.”
Crystal looked down at her feet, then back up again when she cleared her thoughts. “I've been ready to stop him for ten years, and I will do whatever it takes to overthrow him.”
“Very well,” replied Malcolm. “Do you have an idea about what the king might do?”
“I have a hunch. It seems to me like this fake plan may be a diversion. Our best bet would be to prepare for the frontal assault, but to have watchers along the walls of the city, and maybe a mile or so outside of the city, to alert everyone if they see anything. As for me and my team, I would like permission to guard the Eye of Gaull directly. That way, if Bogdan somehow gets past the defenses, my team and I will be there waiting for him,” explained Crystal.
Malcolm thought for a moment and stroked his beard. Then he nodded and said, “That’s not a bad idea.”
“On the day of the attack, will you guide us to the chamber the Eye lies in?” Crystal asked him.
“Of course, I will bring you there myself,” replied Malcolm.
“Good, I will let my team know and we can start preparing for battle. I will tell the other rebels to help out where they can around the city,” replied Crystal.
Malcolm nodded and said, “Very well, let us begin preparations immediately.”

Over the next few days, the last groups of rebels began arriving and, not soon after they set foot in the city, they found themselves hastily preparing for battle. As the High Elder expected, many people in the city began to panic when they heard of the invasion.  It was only after Malcolm made a public speech, assuring everyone that there the rebels had arrived to help and that there was a plan of action, that the people of the city finally began preparations.
Teachers altered their normal lessons and taught extra combat spells to all students, beginner and advanced. Orwynn, who was head of the education department of the city, saw that the more advanced students were giving special equipment, such as magically enhanced staves and robes from different shops in town. Leldor, who owned several of the other shops, had assured the equipment shop owner that he would be reimbursed later, and he himself began giving out supplies from his own shops. The healing supplies were brought inside the town infirmary, which had been heavily barricaded so that the building could withstand severe blows. Crystal suggested this, stating that if the infirmary is destroyed, then no one could be healed and could return to battle.
Halmez was in charge of the city defenses and he hastily recruited every able mage for the defense team, including students. Upon receiving Crystal’s advice, he gave locations for the rebel troops to report to when the attack was beginning. Several dwarf and human rebels offered to venture outside of the city walls to fight off foot soldiers, and Ydon, Kerali, and the other elf rebels planned to go into the surrounding area of the city to watch for troops and warn the people of the city when they spotted the army.
Bredewig and several other scholars searched through every inch of the library for scrolls that could be used for the battle. There were barrier spells that the mages along the city wall could use to deflect arrows and other objects being shot at them.  Whatever could be used, Bredewig had the scrolls sent throughout the city to anyone who needed them.
From the time the High Elder announced the plans to the city to the day before the invasion was set to begin, Thaddeus worked side-by-side with his Elder brother and they both contemplated the plans for the days ahead. Crystal and Gavril helped plan at times, but any other moment of their time was spent preparing the rebels for the battle. Gavril heavily trained some of the less experienced swordsmen for a week. The more experienced fighters, including Crystal, also helped to teach the less experienced and weaker fighters.
Crystal also practiced with her short sword. She had especially trained to fend off sneak attacks, a skill she learned from the elves. She became very quick and agile over the years, and she vowed to never be taken by surprise. Even though she had trained as a mage for many years, she still admired how her father and Gavril would spar in the garden area at the castle. She had always yearned to train with a sword, and when she begged Gavril to teach her after the invasion, Thaddeus came up with a suggestion.
Over the years, Crystal trained primarily in magic with Thaddeus, but the dwarves forged a short sword for her and Gavril trained her to use it as a secondary skill. When the halflings began to take her side, they also taught her to use the light weapons that they used. It was this reason that she did not carry a staff, but rather, wore her necklace to control her magic energy. That crystal necklace was in fact how she got the idea for her new name.
About three days before the attack was planned, Gavril approached Crystal while she was training. He watched as she navigated through rocky terrain with the speed and agility that could have rivaled those of an elf. She swung her short sword around in a deadly fashion. She was the best fighter in rough terrains because she often took the enemies by surprise with her quick reflexes and impeccable precision.
“You’ve gotten better, I see,” Gavril called out to her. She then dropped onto the ground a few feet from him and caught her breath.
“I don't take any chances,” she said. “I will be at my peak physical condition when I fight Bogdan.”
“Well, I can see your agility is in check,” replied Gavril, “but how would you like to practice your sword skills with me?”
“You know I can never refuse a challenge, Gavril,” said Crystal. She then pointed her sword at Gavril and he repeated the gesture with his own sword.
“Neither could your father,” Gavril replied with a sly smile. “On the count of three. One. Two. Three!”
In less than a second, Gavril swung his sword at Crystal, to which she instantly blocked with her short sword. He swung again, this time from above. Crystal brought her sword above her head and she bent her knees and crouched slightly. Gavril’s sword bounced off of hers. More slashes came from Gavril’s end, and Crystal effectively evaded and blocked all shots.
“I must admit something,” said Gavril, while still swinging his sword.
“What is that?” Crystal asked.
“You have become far too quick for me,” replied Gavril, who finally stopped swinging his sword.
Crystal laughed and admitted, “Well, only because I stay focused and do not get distracted easily. If I had lost that focus, with your strength, you could easily have overpowered me.”
Gavril sheathed his sword. “Strength can only go so far.  It takes a lot of skill to defeat your enemy, and you have it. The way you deflected a larger sword with a small one like yours takes a lot of practice.”
“That’s true. I have always valued skill and intelligence in battle over brute strength, because in the end, I want to outsmart Bogdan and beat him at his own game,” Crystal stated.
“I will help you until the end, Princess,” Gavril replied, bowing.
“I already scolded High Elder Malcolm for calling me ‘Amelia,’ so I would ask you not to use my title either, Gavril,” Crystal corrected.
Gavril chuckled. “Sorry, Crystal. It’s been ten years, but it still seems to slip sometimes. You are worthy of that title, so don’t you forget it.”
Crystal looked at her feet again to hide tears that were trying to form in her eyes. She did not want to hide who she was, but to protect her people she had to make them all believe that the only surviving member of the Cierith royal family was dead.
“I won’t, Gavril,” she quietly replied.

Just days before his assault was set to begin, Bogdan led his army to the east of Cierith toward the City of Magi. He and Blaze rode their horses and the generals walked on either side of them. Both father and son wore heavy battle armor and black capes. Bogdan’s armor consisted of dark grey metal gauntlets and shoulder, chest, and leg armor. Blaze wore the same color armor on his shoulders and forearms and wore a similar metal around his waist like a belt. Both of them wore black, dark red and gray clothing underneath. The soldiers wore similar, but less elaborate armor and colors.
“Now remember, Orodan, you will lead the frontal assault on the city. You must stall at least for half an hour; do not take the enemy out too quickly,” ordered Bogdan.
“Understood,” replied Orodan, who was barely shorter than the king, even though the king was riding a horse.
The King then addressed his dark elf General. “After the first assault begins, Perun, you will wait half an hour with your troops and then attack the city from behind while their forces are defending the front gates. There is very rocky terrain that your men can sneak behind. Once again, you must stall so that phase three can be initiated as planned.”
“Yes, my King,” replied Perun.
“What is phase three?” Blaze asked.
“You will accompany Saitar and me and sneak into the city with us. According to Saitar, there is a secret passage outside of the city that leads into the meeting room in the Elder’s Hall. The secret entrance to the Eye of Gaull is in the meeting room. We will sneak in, grab the Eye, and I will use it to gain its power,” the king explained.
“Very well, so we will go in after Perun’s army moves in?” asked Blaze.
“Yes. Orodan’s troops will set off the catapult and launch a fire ball into the city wall. That will be Perun’s signal to start his assault and our signal to move forward. Saitar will meet us outside of the city beforehand and guide us there. He said that it is well hidden from the eyes of the city as well, so it will be too easy to get in undetected,” Bogdan explained.
“What will you do about the rebel leader after you have the Eye? Will you find her and kill her?” asked Blaze.
“Not just kill her,” Bogdan replied, “I will publicly incinerate her so that nothing but her ashes remain.”
“What of the other rebels?” asked Blaze.
“I know slave traders that could use plenty of humans to sell,” said Perun. “You could send the men to work in camps, and the women could be sent to brothels.”
“That sounds like a fitting punishment,” replied Bogdan.
“What about the elders?” asked Orodan.
“I am sure Saitar will decide what to do with them.  After all, control of that pathetic city goes to him after all of this,” replied Bogdan.
Blaze still felt uneasy about the Elder’s request, but he did not dare mention his doubt to his father again. He was glad that he would accompany his father with the Elder, because he could keep a close watch on Saitar.  Something about him made Blaze feel anxious, but he could not put his finger on it.
“We shall set up camp a few miles from here before it gets dark. Have the soldiers set up my tent and Prince Blaze’s tent as well. We will also need watchmen for the night,” Bogdan ordered a commanding soldier marching behind them.
“Yes my King,” said the commander.
Bogdan then turned to Blaze and said, “In less than three days, my son, we will have the power to abolish all of those who oppose us. You and I will become more powerful than anyone can ever imagine, and no one will ever be able to stop us. Are you prepared to stop at nothing to get this power?”
With a sly smile, Blaze replied, “Absolutely.”
Bogdan grew a twisted smile and replied, “That’s what I wanted to hear.”



CHAPTER 4

MALCOLM HURRIED DOWN the corridors of the Elder’s Hall toward the meeting hall. He had just received word that the Daldussan army had been spotted about two miles outside of the city. The elves who had sighted the army rushed back to the city and delivered the message straight to Malcolm first, as he had requested. He then gave the order to the elders to announce to the city to get ready for battle.  
As he rushed forward, several council members and other mages ran frantically from room to room, some carrying scrolls outside and others getting their equipment together while rebels readied their weapons and bravely marched outside to await the upcoming battle.
Malcolm entered the meeting hall and discovered not only Crystal, but Gavril, Thaddeus, Kerali, Sigurd, Taryn, and Maryn waiting for him to arrive.
“My goodness, all of you will be protecting the Eye?” he asked.
“Actually, my brother, I was about to let my comrades know that I would like to join you in helping with the battle outside,” said Thaddeus.
“You won’t guard the Eye with us?” asked Crystal.
“I am confident that all of you are able to protect it well, and Malcolm and I planned on investigating the enemy’s strategy more,” Thaddeus explained.
“I would greatly appreciate your help, Thaddeus.  Something seems unsettling to me about this whole thing, although I cannot understand why. I could definitely use your help figuring it all out, Brother,” replied Malcolm.
“Very well,” replied Thaddeus. He then turned to Crystal and said, “Do not worry, I have trained you well, and I believe in your abilities. I will meet you once we figure out the plan.”
Crystal paused and then nodded after Thaddeus gave her an assuring look.
“Well then, let us go to the chamber, but before we do that, I must do something really quick,” said Malcolm.
He then walked to the open double doors, looked side-to-side in the corridor, and then closed the doors. He then waved his staff and a glowing lock shape appeared around the door handles.
“Why are you locking the doors, brother?” Thaddeus inquired.
“Aren’t we going to the chamber?” Gavril added.
“Yes, we are, but you see, the entrance to the chamber is right behind you,” replied Malcolm. The rebels turned around to see the desks that they saw the elders sit at during the meeting. 
“Where?” asked Crystal, “Behind the desks?”
“Not behind the desks, in the desks,” Malcolm replied. Without acknowledging the confused looks on everyone’s faces, Malcolm motioned for the rebels to step aside. Once they did, Malcolm stepped in front of his middle desk and traced the symbols carved into it with his staff. The glowing gem on the end of his staff left a glowing trail as it scratched across the silver granite. Once the symbol was finished, the glow became brighter and eventually disappeared, leaving an empty archway that led down a dark hall.
“Astonishing!” exclaimed Thaddeus. Maryn and Taryn ventured off on either side of the desks and peeked behind the other side.
“There’s nothing here!” exclaimed Maryn.
“Just empty space!” added Taryn.
“The tunnel you see here is a portal that leads into the nearby mountain. Only an Elder has the ability to open it and no one can blast it open from the outside.  We are given special magic abilities when we are elected, so even if someone memorizes the spell pattern, unless they are an Elder, they cannot activate the spell.” explained Malcolm, “Now, then, follow me.”
The rebels followed the high Elder as told, and he led them through the tunnel, which was shrouded in complete darkness. As soon as everyone was inside, the tunnel door sealed shut again. No one could see the person in front of them, so navigating through it proved quite difficult.
“Aaagh! Taryn, you stepped on the back of my heel!” shouted Maryn, startling everyone.
“Don’t shout so suddenly when it’s this damned dark!” scolded Sigurd.
“Did they frighten you, dwarf?” asked Kerali, from behind Sigurd.
“HA! As if I would scare so easily! No one asked you anyway, elf,” replied the disgruntled dwarf.
“Would you all be quiet? There is an echo in this corridor and you are far too loud!” ordered Crystal, who was walking directly behind Malcolm.
“We are nearly there, everyone,” said Malcolm, “No need to fret.”
“How can you tell?  It’s nothing but black in here!” said Taryn.
“There is a red glow up ahead,” Kerali answered.
Sigurd snorted and muttered, “Leave it to an elf to see things before anyone else and to brag about it,” he said.
“You brag about your ‘toughness’ and ‘endurance.’” countered the elf prince, “I merely pointed out the obvious.”
“I can last for days on end in battle!  I have a right to brag!” replied Sigurd.
“You are all talk and no brains,” Kerali remarked.
“LISTEN YOU DAMNED EL—”
“That is enough!” Gavril scolded. Even elves and dwarves knew to keep quiet at that point.
With everyone finally quiet, Malcolm instructed everyone to stop. Now that they had reached the origin of the dull, red glow, Crystal could barely make out everyone’s silhouettes. The glow was coming from a wall at the end of the corridor with strange symbols much like the ones Malcolm had carved into his desk. The High Elder then began muttering an incantation and before anyone knew it, the wall disappeared. The hallway continued and everyone could see a dim light ahead.
“This is where I leave all of you. There are no more doors to open here, so you can go on without me and wait. My brother and I will now return to the city.  Good luck to all of you,” said Malcolm.
The rebels gave their farewells to Malcolm and Thaddeus, and Crystal then led her team forward towards the dim light.

Bogdan and Blaze hid amongst a densely rocky area, waiting for their chance to strike. The frontal assault was moving in, and from where they were hiding, they could hear the mages casting defense spells. Blaze sat near the top of a large boulder, giving him a decent view of the battle.
“There are warriors charging from the wall with swords. Rebels, no doubt,” Blaze called down to his father.
“Fools, they are playing right into the trap,” laughed Bogdan.
Blaze continued to keep watch of the battle, giving feedback to his father here and there. After a few minutes of telling his father what he saw, Saitar appeared out of nowhere right next to him atop the boulder.
“Sorry I'm late. It is a frantic mess in there,” Saitar said.
“No kidding,” Blaze remarked. He then dropped from the boulder and landed next to his father. Bogdan and Blaze then looked up to see Saitar contemplating a way down.
“Just jump down, Elder,” said Blaze.
“As easy as you make it look, Prince, I regrettably do not have the leg power to handle such a landing without my bones snapping in two,” replied Saitar.
Blaze rolled his eyes and muttered, “We’ll be here all day.”
Eventually, Saitar could not find a safe way down, so he disappeared and reappeared next to Bogdan.
“That’s quite a convenient power there,” commented the King.
“Not many mages can do it, or choose to do it,” replied Saitar.
Soon a deafening explosion sounded from the battle. Blaze, who had peeked over another boulder, saw that the catapult had been launched.
“That’s our signal,” Blaze said. “Let’s go.”
Saitar then led the two through the rocky area closer to the city wall. They hid behind boulder after boulder in hopes to avoid detection from the city. Fortunately for them, the boulders blocking their view of the city were densely packed together.
“You will see why the mages put them together like this soon,” replied Saitar after Blaze questioned it.
Eventually, they came across an old well that was surrounded by a wall of thick, tall boulders. Saitar approached the well and removed the wooden lid. Dust and cobwebs flew off of the top and a thick cloud of dust came out of the well.
“Here we are,” said Saitar.
“You mean that the entrance is in this well?” asked Bogdan.
Saitar nodded. “The rock formation was kept like this so that if there was an emergency, the elders could escape from the Elder’s Hall, go through a secret tunnel and come out of this well. The rock formation would block them from view of the city, and so they could escape while avoiding detection. We are doing the exact opposite; we are sneaking into the Elder’s Hall. From there, I shall guide you to the chamber where the Eye of Gaull is kept.”
“How cunning it is to use their own escape route against them!” replied Bogdan, “I like the way you think, Elder.”
Saitar then unrolled a rope ladder on the rim of the well and let it fall into the hole. “Here is where we go down. I will go first.” He then climbed over the edge of the well, latched onto the ladder, and climbed down. Bogdan went in next and then Blaze followed behind him. When they reached the bottom, they saw an old tunnel that opened at the bottom, and one at a time, they each walked through it. At the end of the tunnel was a door with no doorknob, but that was decorated with strange symbols. Before Bogdan or Blaze could ask questions, Saitar muttered an incantation and the door disappeared.
They then entered through the round archway into another tunnel. The walked around curves until they could no longer see any light, at which point Saitar lifted his iron staff and tapped it on the ground. This caused tip end to glow, lighting the way for himself, the king, and the prince.
As they walked through the old tunnel, they could hear the battle ensuing overhead. With every booming explosion from the mages’ attacks, dirt and debris from the tunnel ceiling fell onto all of their heads.
“You couldn't be bothered to find a less filthy route, Elder?” Bogdan remarked as he brushed a chunk of dirt off of his shoulder armor.
“I am sorry for this, my King.” replied Saitar, “By my estimation, we are most likely right under the alchemy shop. We are about halfway to the Elder’s Hall.”
“This city must be larger than Cartigo!” exclaimed Bogdan.
“It has to be big. All of the mages in the world come here to learn and gather supplies,” said Saitar.
“It's evident why you covet this land so,” Blaze said. “The city is well built, and with all of the magic artifacts and items, a mage like you could rule this city completely unopposed.”
“Not to everyone, of course,” replied Bogdan, obviously hinting at his own power and authority.
“Just don’t forget, Majesty,” said Saitar, “I am getting you into the city, so you had better keep up your end of the deal.”
Blaze’s body grew stiff for a brief moment. It was not a wise thing for anyone to talk to his father that way. Even he knew to watch his words carefully. The king always demanded authority over everyone, and if someone talked to him with such disrespect, they had better pray they still had their tongue before it was over.
To Blaze’s surprise and relief, Bogdan laughed and responded, “You have my word, Elder, you will rule this city. I’ve no use for it.”
“Very well then.” replied the Elder, “Let us press forward. I believe we are now passing under the fountain in the classroom area. We only have a little ways to go until we reach the Elder’s Hall and be able to enter from below. This tunnel leads straight to the meeting hall, and the entrance to the chamber is in that room. I can listen for anyone in the room before opening the door to assure that no one will see us enter.”
“This is going to be far too easy.” replied Bogdan, “Those fools might as well have just handed the Eye to me.”
“Which is why it will be too easy to rule these simpletons,” Saitar said with grim smile.
The King laughed, but Blaze still couldn’t shake the uneasy feeling that this plan was not going to go as expected and he did not know if that would be good or bad.

Crystal waited in the dark until she suddenly heard voices. She sat on a ceiling beam above the platform where the Eye of Gaull was placed on a pedestal. A dim light hanging in a glass orb shined under the beam, barely casting its light on the blood red gem.  The gem was about the size of a human skull and was round with dozens of facets all around it. Behind the gem was the stone pillar where the Eye was to be placed. The pillar had strange black runes marked around the depression that spiraled outward around the rest of the pillar.
When Crystal heard several voices, she realized Bogdan had planned a sneak attack after all. She then whispered urgently to her friends, who were also hiding in different places around the room, to get ready to defend the Eye. She clutched the hilt of her sword and took a deep breath. Her heart began pounding in her ears when she saw the entrance to the chamber glow. However, Bogdan was not the first person she saw . . . or heard.
“Here it is, my King,” said Saitar.
Crystal’s face burned. She should have known an Elder was behind this. How else could Bogdan have known about the Eye in the first place? It made sense how defensive Saitar became whenever Crystal claimed that the plans he presented were fake.
Bogdan himself then stepped into the room with who she could only assume was the infamous Prince Blaze Dracnov. Crystal had never seen the Prince in person but had heard plenty of stories about all the times he destroyed villages and murdered hundreds of people throughout Cierith. Crystal’s pounding heartbeat made in nearly impossible for her to hear Bogdan’s words of praise to the traitor Elder. Her hand that brandished the hilt of her sword trembled with rage and she had to pray to Caris to control it.
Bogdan stepped forward and gazed at the Eye lustfully. “Amazing . . . all that power, and it is only feet away from me!”
Crystal breathed out and brazenly dropped from her hiding place onto the floor in front of the Eye and said, “You will step no further, Your Majesty.”
The three men stopped in their tracks and Bogdan stared her down.
“How dare you speak to me that way!” he spat. “I am the King, and you will refer to me with respect!”
Crystal stood up and fearlessly glared at the false king. “I would sooner hang.”
“I assure you that can and will be arranged,” Bogdan spat.
Saitar stepped closer to Bogdan and whispered, “It’s her, my lord. She’s the rebel leader.”
“Is she now?” said Bogdan with a smug little grin.
“You are just as pathetic as he is, Saitar.” Crystal shouted angrily, “You brother and sister mages trusted you to help lead them. How could you betray those who depended on you to protect them?”
“That won’t matter now,” retorted Bogdan.“We are here for the Eye and you are in my way as you have been for the past three years, so today you will die by my blade. You’ve caused me too much trouble. Of course, unless my son wants a bride . . .” Bogdan turned around to face Blaze, waiting for his reaction.
“I don’t know, Father.” said Blaze, who stepped forward, “She’s quite a beauty, but she’s got too much of a mouth on her for me to want to deal with.”
“You could always train her mouth to go to better use,” Bogdan suggested with a leering smile.
Crystal, utterly disgusted, spit on Bogdan’s boots.  She then glared at Blaze, who just stared back.
“You will pay for that you bitch—” Bogdan said, but as he stepped forward, he was interrupted by an arrow that flew across his path from his left side, missing his nose by inches. The arrow struck to the pillar on Bogdan’s right and stayed in place.
“That was a warning,” said Kerali, stepping out of the dark with his bow drawn with another arrow. “I never miss on accident.”
Bogdan looked at the elf and laughed. “You’ve brought a friend with you I see? No matter, I'll just have fun killing two rebels instead of one.”
“Make that six,” said Gavril, stepping out from behind the pillar where the arrow shot. His sword was drawn and pointed directly at Bogdan.
Sigurd and the twins each stepped out of their hiding place, ready to attack. The old dwarf brandished his axe and growled under his breath, and despite their small bodies, Maryn and Taryn showed no fear.
It was then that Gavril added, “Only we won't be the ones to die today.”
“Did you honestly think we were stupid enough to come unprepared, or that we would fall for an obviously fake plan?” Crystal said with pride, “Really, Bogdan, you should know to give us more credit by now.”
“Regardless of how many of you there are, your skills are nothing compared to ours,” replied Bogdan.
“Then why don't we make it more interesting?” Crystal said.
Intrigued, Bogdan took a step forward. “I'm listening.”
Crystal smiled proudly and said, “I challenge you to a one-on-one battle.”
Bogdan burst into laughter. “You cannot be serious!” he watched her face for a while, and when it did not budge from the stern look she gave him, he continued, “Very well then, little girl, if you want a fight, you’ve got a fight.”
Crystal lifted her hands and emitted sparks. She then shot an energy blast at Bogdan with both hands, which he blocked by quickly removing his two-handed sword from the belt that crossed his back and blocking it with the blade. He counterattacked by charging at her with the enormous blade. She quickly jumped sideways and shot icicles at Bogdan. He blocked most of them with his gauntlet, but one icicle hit him in the face, catching him off guard.
Crystal then lunged at him with her fist ready to strike. Fire surrounded her fist and she aimed straight for Bogdan’s face. He managed to bring his own hand in time to catch her fist, but the fire burned through his glove and singed his hand. He released his grip and Crystal threw a punch with her other fist, also aflame, but Bogdan was able to block it with his sword.
Crystal jabbed with each hand, leaving burn marks on Bogdan’s sword. He finally brought another, small knife out of his armor and attempted to strike Crystal from the side. She easily jumped away in time, and then Bogdan charged at her again, this time, bringing his sword down on her from above. Crystal once again dodged and the enormous sword crashed to the floor loudly. The nimble mage bounced onto the pillar behind her and to Bogdan’s amazement, stuck onto the pillar for a split second, and then with a small burst of energy, she bounced off and landed on the other side of him.
“How did you do that? That’s impossible!” he shouted.
“Obviously not if I just did it,” she remarked.
Enraged, Bogdan charged at her again. She flipped backwards again and returned fire with a lightning bolt, striking Bogdan’s armor. It gave him a nasty shock, and while he was disoriented, Crystal struck him in the chest with her fist aflame again, knocking him to the floor.
As Bogdan lay on the ground, Blaze brought his sword out and attempted to strike Crystal from behind. Gavril ran straight for the path with his sword drawn, but before anyone could say, “look out!” Crystal had drawn her blade, turned to face Blaze, and blocked his enormous sword with hers. Both father and son watched in shock as she held back the prince’s enormous sword with her small one. All the while, not once did her arms tremble under the weight.
“How could you possibly hold against my blade?” the prince gasped.
“Brute strength isn’t everything! With the right skill, a doe can defeat a lion!” replied Crystal, who then, with quick movements, released her grip and knocked Blaze's sword sideways. She then turned back to the king just in time to block an attack from him. When Blaze attempted to attack her again, Gavril blocked his path.
“It is cowardly to attack an opponent from behind!” he said to the prince, “However, she is not your opponent; you may fight me if you wish!”
Blaze grinned smugly.  “Very well.”
“I will be your opponent as well!” Sigurd said, proudly jumping in beside Gavril.
“No Sigurd,” replied Gavril. “I wish to fight the prince alone.”
Just then, they turned their attention to the back of the room, where Kerali was shooting arrows at Saitar, who was knocking them aside with force fields.  The rogue Elder began shooting energy blasts at the elf, putting him on the defensive. The twin halflings attempted to help by throwing knifes at the Elder, but he blocked those as well.
“Help the others keep the Elder busy, Sigurd,” said Gavril.
The dwarf tapped the bottom of his huge axe on the ground and shouted, “Dirty traitor! Let’s see how you like my axe in your skull!”
As Sigurd ran off to fight, Blaze laughed and said, “You should have accepted his help, because you’re the one who is going to need it.”
The two exchanged blows between swords as Crystal continued to fight Bogdan. More ice strikes, fire punches, and energy blasts did not fell the wicked king, but Crystal refused to give up. She bounded back and forth across the room, avoiding attacks and blocking others, striking back when she had a chance to.
Gavril fought gallantly against the prince, but he could not deny that his opponent was strong. Of course, as Crystal had stated, strength is only part of a warrior’s power. She should know it, after all, because he taught her that.
“I must admit, you are more skilled than you look,” stated Blaze, while their swords forced against each other. They both pushed their swords towards the other, but they were evenly matched.
“I was about to say the same about you,” Gavril countered.
Just then, there was a flash of light, catching them both off guard. Everyone looked in time to see another flash that knocked Maryn and Taryn against the wall, the first flash having knocked out Sigurd. Saitar then shot a beam at Kerali, which acted as a rope and latched around him. The elf then fell helpless to the ground. Without fail, the rogue Elder then shot the same binding spell at Crystal. She dropped to her knees and struggled to break free. Then, just as Gavril ran to help her, Blaze disarmed him, knocked him down with a kick to his abdomen, and pointed his sword to his throat.
After a brief moment, Bogdan laughed with triumph.
“Well, my dear,” he told Crystal, “It seems that six against three is no guarantee of a victory. You had a good run with your little rebellion—you even posed something of a threat—but now it appears that you're out of luck.”
“Luck?” Crystal spat as she struggled against her bindings. “Luck had nothing to do with it! You don’t know how to fight a fair fight! All you know how to do is cheat your way through everything! How can you live with yourself?”
“Hold your tongue,” Bogdan barked. “I shall now make an example of you and anyone else who dares to raise a blade to me.”
The King brandished his sword over Crystal’s neck when another sudden flash of light nearly blinded everyone. Crystal then realized that the binding spell has gone and she could move again.
She looked in time to see the Malcolm and Thaddeus enter the room. Thaddeus had disarmed Saitar and was holding his own staff pointed at the rogue Elder. The bindings on Kerali had disappeared as well, and Malcolm struck Blaze, which made him lose his sword and gave Gavril time to grab his own.  Sigurd had come to and groggily stumbled over to the High Elder.
“About BLOODY time!” the dwarf barked.
“I am sorry, my friends,” replied Malcolm. “I finally realized that Saitar had betrayed us when Thaddeus had pointed out that Bogdan wouldn’t have known about the Eye unless an Elder told him. I figured the King would just threaten us into opening the entrance to the chamber, but then I saw that Saitar was missing and knew what happened.”
“Filthy wretch!” shouted Thaddeus, shoving his staff into Saitar chest.
It was then that Bogdan took advantage of everyone’s confusion and hurriedly grabbed the Eye of Gaull.
“Stop!” cried Crystal. She rushed toward him with her blade drawn, but he just inched closer to the pillar.
“Yes. . . .” he muttered lustfully, “I can feel its power. It's almost . . . intoxicating!”
“Bogdan, stop! You do not know what you are doing!” shouted Malcolm.
“I don't need to know anything except power! I want the power to make nations bow before me! The power to make mountains fall in seconds! The power to be a god!” Bogdan shouted.
“Bogdan, I warn you! Turn away from the pillar, or else . . .” Malcolm trailed off and then saw Blaze lying on the ground. Malcolm felt he had no choice, so he pointed his staff at the Prince, emitted an orb of energy from the end of the staff, and said, “or else he dies!”
To everyone’s shock, Bogdan did not yell or plead with the High Elder. He simply turned to Malcolm with a smug grin and said, “Go right ahead.”
The High Elder paused, unable to believe what he just heard. Though he tried to stand his ground, the old mage couldn't honor his threat. He removed the tip of his staff from the Prince's neck, at which point Bogdan laughed.
“That's what I thought,” the King said. “You don't have the guts.”
Blaze sat motionless on the ground. All of the color had drained from his face as he stared at the man who once called him “son.” Crystal almost felt empathy for him, for he now understood the monster his father was.
“How could you gamble your own son's life?” Gavril shouted.
“Don't be naïve, you fool,” Bogdan spat. “I won't allow anything to stand in my way, not even my own son.”
“You heartless bastard!” screamed Crystal.
Bogdan laughed again. “Hearts are for the weak. I have never felt the need to carry such a burden! Now then, I believe I have a world to conquer,” replied Bogdan, who then turned to the pillar.
“You will not take the Eye!” yelled Malcolm, who suddenly shot a beam of blue light toward Bogdan.  The beam hit the gem and pulled it away from the greedy king. For several minutes, Malcolm fought with Bogdan for the gem. The beam struggled against Bogdan’s grip, trying to retrieve the Eye and give it to Malcolm. No one could believe how well Bogdan resisted.
“Don't bother fighting me! I will have the Eye one way or another.” yelled Bogdan.
“Then I will see to it you spend the rest of your days searching for it,” replied Malcolm. Suddenly, the High Elder’s body glowed and he seemed to grow weaker. The light was so intense that everyone had to shield their eyes.
“Brother! Your spirit is fading! What are you doing?” screamed Thaddeus.
“I am sorry, Thaddeus, but I can see no other option. I must use my life energy to get it away from him,” replied Malcolm.
“No, I will not let you!” yelled Thaddeus.
“Stay away! You must let me do this!” Malcolm then turned his attention to the others, “Listen to me, everyone. I am using my own life energy to split the Eye into five pieces! I will spread them throughout the kingdom, and you must find them before the king does!” he then spoke directly to Crystal, “You must learn the ways of a holy mage, Crystal! You have the blood that runs through you! It will be essential to destroy the Eye once it is fused together again! You must find the power of light!”
With that, Malcolm glowed even brighter, and with an explosion of energy, the Eye of Gaull shot through the ceiling and into the sky. The red beam shot up and then five separate beams split apart in different directions. When Crystal looked again, Malcolm was gone, and only his staff remained on the ground.
The blast had knocked everyone off of their feet, but Bogdan managed to regain his footing faster. He stumble around searching for the Eye, but his efforts were in vain.
“That Eye, it's gone!” he yelled. He then saw the pillar, “Saitar, get us out of here, now.”
“What about the Prince?” Saitar said.
“I don't see him, and there's no time! Just leave him,” the King said.
Saitar then rose and ran to Bogdan’s side. Thaddeus attempted to stop him, but grew dizzy when he tried to stand. Saitar put on hand on the pillar and the other on Bogdan, and with a flash, they both disappeared in a cloud of smoke with the stone prison.



CHAPTER 5

THE RAGING BATTLE ENDED not long after Bogdan and Saitar escaped. Some of the mages along the city wall saw the king and Saitar appear outside of the city and order the surviving troops to retreat back to Cartigo, and then he and Saitar disappeared again.  The death toll was fairly high, but in the end, it still seemed that the mages and the rebels held their own very well.
“The damage outside is massive!” Elder Leldor told the rebels, “It will take months to rebuild everything!”
The elders met Crystal as she and Gavril emerged from the chamber where the Eye of Gaull had been.  The seal of the chamber had been broken after the Eye had burst through the ceiling, so the sealed door now stayed open. Crystal delivered the good news that Bogdan failed to acquire the Eye to the elders, but she regretfully informed them of Malcolm’s death, Saitar’s betrayal, and finally how the Eye was separated into five shards and how Malcolm spread them across Cierith.
“How terrible! The High Elder was such a good man!” cried Bredewig.
“He will indeed be missed. He was as kind as he was wise, and not many men can have that said of them. And may Saitar be cursed for the rest of his life!” Halmez said.
“Of course, if it had not been for Elder Bredewig, there would have been many more deaths,” Leldor pointed out.
Bredewig looked over his thick glasses and with a stutter, replied, “W-what?  B-but I—”
“He’s right, Elder Bredewig.” agreed Ydon, “If you had not told us of the threat, things would have ended much worse. You may very well have saved hundreds, if not thousands of lives today.”
The plump little elder then smiled nervously and adjusted his glasses.
“I am confused about something else the high elder said before he died, though,” said Crystal.
“What is that?” asked Orwynn.
“Well, he told me that I needed to obtain the powers of a holy mage. He said that it was the only way to destroy the Eye of Gaull after fusing the shards back together,” Crystal told them.
“How can you become a holy mage?” asked Orwynn, “You weren’t born one, and there are none left.”
“I . . .” Crystal paused, and everyone stared at her waiting for her response. She finally ended with, “Let’s just say I have it in my blood. Some of my ancestors were holy mages. Maybe Malcolm believed I had the potential to use holy magic.”
“Well, to our knowledge, no mage has become a holy mage later in life, but perhaps the High Elder knew something we did not,” stated Halmez.
Before anyone could speak again, they heard Taryn shout from inside the chamber, “Crystal! Gavril! Come quick!”
Crystal and Gavril, followed by the remaining elders, dashed into the chamber. Upon entering, they all looked at the two halflings, who then pointed to a pillar on the side of the room. None other than Prince Blaze lie out cold against a pillar in the Eye's chamber.
“Who in the world is that?” asked Ydon.
“Prince Blaze,” Crystal said.
“We found him after Sigurd moved some debris off of him,” Taryn said.
“I can’t believe his father just abandoned him!” said Crystal, ignoring the elders’ questioning glares. She rushed over to him, knelt beside him, and felt for a pulse on his neck.
“He’s still alive,” she confirmed.
“Then allow me to dispose of him! The elders can have his head!” Sigurd growled.
“No,” replied Crystal.
“What do you mean, ‘no’?” Sigurd retorted, “He has caused nothing but trouble for Cierith for years! He's more valuable dead.”
“Killing isn't always the answer, Sigurd! Bogdan raised Blaze to fight for him and then, at the drop of a hat, he abandoned him! I can’t imagine the torment the prince felt when his father said those horrible things. I say we take him to our hideout and persuade him to join us,” Crystal announced.
“WHAT?” exclaimed all of Crystal’s friends at once. She did not stir or look offended by their protests, but expected this reaction.
“Think about it the big picture here,” she offered. “Prince Blaze knows the Daldussan army’s battle tactics and Bogdan’s secrets! If we can convince him how much his father could lose by his aiding our cause, maybe he will agree to join us.”
Everyone paused momentarily, but the silence was suddenly broken by a moaning sound. Crystal quickly turned toward Blaze and realized that he was waking up. When he saw her, he suddenly became alert and attempted to grab his sword and strike, but with a quick flick of her hand, Crystal flashed a fog in Blaze’s face that instantly knocked him out again.
“Whoa! What did you do?” asked Maryn.
“Don’t worry. It was just a simple sleeping spell.  He’ll be out for a few more hours, but he won’t have any more damage than a headache when he wakes,” Crystal explained. She then stood and faced the other rebels.
“Crystal, I know your heart tells you this is right, but think about the logical side of things,” Gavril stated. “What will you do if the prince still refuses to join us after you've spoken to him?”
“He will,” Crystal stated. “I saw the look on his face when Bogdan told Malcolm to kill him, so I know that he will listen to reason.”
“Then I stand behind you,” Gavril humbly replied.
“Thank you,” she replied.
Halmez then stepped forward and spoke, “Well then, I would personally like to thank you and the rebels for coming to our aid. If you had not arrived, I believe that we would have fallen to the king’s army.”
“As would I, and I am certain that the other elders agree. As promised by the High Elder, you have the allegiance of the City of Magi,” said Orwynn.
Crystal smiled.  “I thank you, elders, for your kindness. Should Bogdan threaten you again, send a message and Deliverance will be there.”
The elders and rebels then exchanged handshakes and the rebels began preparations for the journey home.

“Damned mage!” yelled Bogdan, as he paced back and forth in his throne room.
After leaving the Eye's chamber, Saitar and Bogdan appear near his army's encampment south of the City of Magi, where he ordered a full retreat. The former Elder then transported Bogdan as well as the stone pillar into his throne room in Cartigo. No sooner than stepping out of the smoke after arriving, however, did the king begin to angrily vent out to everyone who could hear.
“All we have to do is find the shards, my King.” said Saitar, trying to calm the king down, “We can track them down easily! If the rebels go after them, which they most likely will, we can trap them as well. Although, I do hope the rebels do not apprehend the Prince.”
“He more than likely died in the blast, but perhaps I should send men to search for him and keep him away from the rebels,” Bogdan said.
“Shall we put a bounty on him? I have heard stories of many legendary hunters who could track him down without breaking a sweat,” asked Saitar.
“No,” replied Bogdan, “I do not want the public to know of this, otherwise more people may grow the audacity to join the uprising. I will send my best warriors to find him privately. You and my generals can lead the search.”
“Yes my King,” replied Saitar.
“And as for the rebel leader . . .” Bogdan said, trailing off.
“My Lord?” asked Saitar.
Bogdan brushed his dark hair behind his head nervously and said, “I can’t put my finger on it, but I know I have seen her face before.”
“I regret that I know little more than her name,” replied Saitar.
Bogdan shook his head. “Who she is is of no importance. For now, begin your search for Blaze. I will round up my best soldiers to accompany you, and as soon as my generals arrive with their troops, I will order them to do the same.”
“Yes, sir,” replied Saitar, who then bowed and left the room.
Bogdan then walked to the throne and sat down, exhausted. He rested his forehead in his palm, trying to plan his next move. If Blaze indeed survived the blast, he needed to be sure the rebels wouldn't coax information from him. Blaze, after all, knew most of Bogdan's battle strategies and secrets. Yet at the back of his mind, though he tried desperately to ignore it, the familiar girl's face continued to haunt him.

Blaze awoke in a small, shabby room. He groggily scanned his surroundings, trying to figure out where he was. His head started to spin as he sat up and tried to remember what happened before he blacked out.  Slowly but surely, it all started coming back to him.
Blaze remembered being led through a dirty tunnel and finding the Eye of Gaull with his father.  He remembered the rebels ambushing them, a big fight, the High Elder showing up, and then . . .
Blaze was abruptly overcome with a sense of anger and confusion when he remembered his father’s careless gamble with his life. Even though his blood boiled with anger, he calmed down enough to remember a bright flash of light, which is where his memory seemed to end.
Where was he now, then? His head throbbed with pain, so he figured that he couldn’t be dead. This wasn’t his bedroom, nor was it the dungeon in the castle. The room was indeed old and run-down, but this would pass as a first class inn compared to the castle dungeon.
Blaze rose from the bed he lay on to discover that his armor and weapons were gone. The only clothing he wore was his long-sleeved gray tunic, his dark red vest, and his gray trousers and black boots. Even angrier now, he marched straight to the door of the bedroom and turned the knob, but it was locked. He shook it violently and eventually started pounding on the door.
“What’s going on here? Where am I? Someone answer me!” he yelled. He banged on the door repeatedly and eventually backed up and attempted to kick the door down.
After the third kick, Blaze heard a stern voice on the other side of the door say, “If you will stop making such a fuss, I will open the door.”
Blaze then backed off and snapped, “Fine, I’ve stopped, now open the door!”
The door opened slowly. Even if Blaze tried to make a break for it, he wouldn’t have gotten past the three rebels who held out their swords to him, blocking the doorway. The prince then recognized the middle one as the old man he fought in the chamber.
“Rebels? I’m your prisoner now?” Blaze barked resentfully.
“Not a prisoner, yet,” the old man remarked. “My name is Gavril Fletcher, and I have been commissioned by our leader with ensuring you stay put.”
Blaze then remembered the woman who fought his father. “What does she want with me?”
“I will let her explain that,” replied Gavril. He then turned to the other two rebels and ordered, “Find Crystal and tell her that the prince has awakened. I can handle him from here.”
“Yes sir!” the rebels replied and then obediently turned and exited the room and closing the door behind them.
Blaze rolled his eyes, and muttered, “Am I her pet now?”
“Don’t trifle with me, Prince.” replied Gavril, pointing his sword at him, “All Crystal has to do is give the word and within a second I can decapitate you and never have to deal with you again.”
“I’m shivering,” Blaze growled with gritted teeth.
“Sit down,” ordered Gavril, gesturing to the wooden chair in the corner of the room.
When Blaze didn’t budge, Gavril held his sword against the Prince's neck. Blaze then put his hands up and did what he was told, never breaking his glaring gaze from Gavril’s.
After a few minutes of silence, the door opened once again. Crystal then entered the room, along with the two rebels from before, and then they shut the door again.
“All right, you went through the trouble of dragging me here and disarming me,” Blaze remarked, “so tell me what you want.”
Crystal approached him cautiously, but confidently. She looked at Gavril and said, “You can put your sword away, Gavril; he won’t be any trouble.”
Gavril nodded and did as he was told.  He replaced his sword into its sheath on his belt.
Crystal returned her attention to the captive Prince. “I have brought you here because I believe you can be a valuable asset to our cause. I would like to ask you, Prince Blaze, to join Deliverance.”
Blaze showed no initial reaction, but instead stared dead-eyed at Crystal and said, “You’re serious? I am the son of your mortal enemy!”
Crystal shrugged, then said, “I know you find the idea of joining us ridiculous, and I figured you would. However, I have seen what this man you call ‘father’ has done, and I saw the look of betrayal on your face when he said those things in the City of Magi. You can say it didn’t upset you, but you and I both know you’d be lying. Believe me, the best thing you can do to make him pay for that would be to join us.”
Blaze simply stared at Crystal with his icy stare. He finally muttered with a sly smile, “I don’t know. After all, how can you trust me to keep your secrets?  And another thing, what’s in it for me?”
“For one thing, you could prove to your father that you aren't just a means to an end, contrary to what he believes. Imagine his reaction when he realizes that you, the son he tossed aside, helped in bring forth his demise. He will be alone and powerless, and he will have us, aided by you of course, to thank for it,” Crystal countered.
There was a long pause. Blaze was not smirking anymore and was looking up at the ceiling and leaning back casually in the chair, deep in thought. “On one hand, I can get revenge on my bastard of a father by either becoming your lackey. On the other hand, I could throw caution to the wind and go on a dangerous and perhaps impossible mission to kill him myself. Either take orders from rebels or go on a suicide mission. Choices, choices,” he muttered to himself.
“If you are going to be reckless, forget it,” Gavril retorted. “The last thing we need is you endangering our fighters to protect your pride.”
Blaze glared at him and remarked, “I don’t need your lectures about honor, old man.”
Gavril gripped the hilt of his sword tightly and resisted the urge to draw it. Blaze then looked at Crystal.
“Even I know where the limit is. I know that storming that castle on my own will just get me killed, and the last thing I want is for my father to look down at my bleeding body and gloat about always winning,” he stated.
Crystal straightened up and asked, “So you’ll join us, then?”
Blaze sighed and answered, “I suppose I’ll tag along with you people for now, but I don’t want to be held back. The second I get my shot, I will kill my father. After that, I want nothing more to do with you or anyone else in this place. I will take the throne in Daldussa and you rebels can have Cierith back.  Although, I don’t know how you will manage without the royal family.”
“What do you mean?” asked Crystal.
“They’re all dead, aren’t they? Who will take the throne of Cierith once you get the kingdom back? Did you even think of that?” Blaze asked.
Crystal replied, “The King and Queen are indeed dead. However, that night, their daughter, Princess Amelia Atteberry, escaped.”
“She was killed in a small village three days later. My father’s troops tracked her and the General of the Cierith army to the village and burned the place to the ground. A soldier came forward, claimed responsibility for her death, and presented her bloody doll to my father and claimed to have killed her,” replied Blaze.
Gavril chuckled and replied, “I’m afraid that story is not completely true, Prince.”
“What do you mean?” he asked.
“It’s true that Amelia was in the village when it was attacked, but she was not killed. You see, some of the villagers served their kingdom well and hid her in their cellar and covered the door with a rug. Most of the villagers were killed, but the General and some of the escaping soldiers of Cierith killed the invaders. During the battle outside, the princess sustained a cut on her arm from debris falling on her which bled onto her doll. One of the soldiers then disguised himself in a dead Daldussan soldier’s armor and when Bogdan arrived with his troops, the imposter soldier then claimed that he killed the princess and then presented the doll to the king. It was all a trick to make Bogdan believe that she was dead so that he would stop looking for her. The princess, you see, is still alive and well to this day, and she is using a new name and waiting for the time she can take the throne in her father’s place,” explained Gavril.
“Where is she then?” asked Blaze.
Gavril paused briefly to see if Blaze would realize the answer to his own question.  When the prince still looked confused, Gavril shook his head and answered, “Standing right in front of you.”
Blaze’s head snapped to Crystal’s direction. She had a soft, but serious expression on her face and she never took her eyes off of him. Blaze suddenly had a feeling of anxiety; it made sense that a little girl whose parents were killed would grow up training to go after their murderer, and that she would lead others to do the same.
“And the General . . .?” he asked.
“Has never left her side,” Crystal replied, turning to Gavril’s direction and smiling.
The old man smiled back and proudly stated, “He still honors his best friend’s wish to protect his little daughter to this day.”
Blaze rolled his eyes and spoke, “Now that the sentimentalism is out of the way, might you want to leave me in peace while I can still enjoy it?”
“Very well, Blaze,” Crystal responded.
“I will bring you new clothes later.” said Gavril, still a little peeved by the prince’s attitude, “You need to blend in with the common folk as much as you can.  Maybe even cut your hair.”
Blaze merely grunted in response. As if the General had room to talk with that long mane of his.
The rebels then left the room and Blaze was left alone. He heard the door lock behind them. Figures, he thought. Why would they trust him right away? The rebel leader just revealed her deepest, darkest secret to a man who hates her guts. Of course, he didn’t really consider himself very trustworthy to begin with. All he hoped was that those rebels would give him time to train outside with his sword, if they even kept it for him. He wanted to be sure that when he faced his father, he would be ready to slice the bastard’s head open.



CHAPTER 6

THE CLOTHES GAVRIL BROUGHT to Blaze were hardly “new” like he said they would be. In walked the General with a pile of hand-me-downs folded neatly in one arm and carrying a pair of brown boots in the other.
“I know it’s not what you are used to wearing, Prince,” Gavril said when he saw Blaze’s displeased expression, “but it is necessary for you not to look like a prince at this point. These are some old training clothes of mine. I apologize if they don’t fit well, but it was all I could find.”
Gavril gently laid the clothes on the bed and the boots on the floor. Then another rebel, the dwarf from the chamber, came in and set a sword and small dagger onto the bed.
“If it was up to me, you wouldn’t get any bloody weapons!” the dwarf grumbled.
“We need to let him train so that he may aid us in battles. We have plenty of people to watch him, Sigurd. You can help them if you want,” Gavril explained.
The dwarf grumbled more under his breath and left the room, glaring at Blaze.
“Where is my sword?” asked Blaze.
“I have it stored away safely. It has the Daldussan emblem on it, so bearing it in public would draw too much attention to you. When this is all over, you will get it back. I promise it will be taken care of.”
“Don’t waste your pity, old man,” Blaze muttered.
“I am not, believe me. It was Crystal who ordered us to give you new equipment. If it was up to me, you would only hold a sword under my supervision. She must see something in you that none of us do,” Gavril remarked.
“More than what’s even there,” Blaze muttered, mostly to himself.
“Go ahead and get dressed, Blaze. Crystal will be coming by later to show you to the training ground,” said Gavril.
“Fine,” replied Blaze.
When Gavril left the room, Blaze unfolded each article of clothing and examined them. There was a white, short-sleeved shirt and a faded blue jacket with rolled up, elbow-length sleeves and light, metal shoulder armor on it. The trousers were a light brown color, and there was a pair of gloves and a pair of boots that were all a darker brown.
The sword that the dwarf brought in was attached to a dark brown belt with a gold buckle. The sword itself had a faded gold hilt with dark blue leather wrapped around the handle.  The sheath was a dull metal that was also colored dark blue with gold trim.  The dagger had a leather sheath and was small enough to be able to hide in his boot.
Blaze then began to change out of his old clothes.  He removed his vest and tunic, and when he felt his hair fall onto his bare shoulders, he then remembered what Gavril said about cutting it. He did not initially want to do it, just for the fact that he hated the idea of doing what that old man told him to, but then he realized that his father would most likely put up wanted posters that would picture him with his long hair. He figured Gavril must have told him to cut it for that reason, so he then made up his mind.
Blaze picked up the dagger, removed the sheath, and examined the blade. It was fairly sharp, indicating that it had not been used much. He spotted the tall mirror on the other side of the room and approached it with the dagger. The glass was pretty dirty, but he could see well enough. He braced the dagger in his main hand, held his hair at the base of his neck with the other, and sliced through the hair with the dagger.
For several minutes, Blaze stood in front of the mirror slicing away his hair and his long, black strands littered the floor around his feet. He did his best to make the strands even, but they still came out messy and stuck outward. When it was the length he desired, he began snipping off little strands until he decided it was good enough.
Blaze then took a step back and examined his handiwork. Before, his hair draped over his shoulders in board straight strands. Now it was shorter than his chin and the strands where jagged around his angular jaw; this made his jaw look more pronounced as well as make his neck look thicker. The hair on the back of his head was more jagged and spiked out a little on the ends. His hair had not been so short since he was fifteen, and so after six years of long hair, he had forgotten how thick it was.
The prince shook his hands through his hair and brushed his shoulders to get the loose strands to fall to the floor. Once they had all fallen to the floor, he returned to the bed and finished changing.
Despite what Gavril said, Blaze was surprised to find that the clothes fit him almost perfectly. He also thought they would look dumb on him, but he looked in the mirror again and admitted to himself that it wasn’t that bad.
I’ll manage, he thought. Now all he had to do was wait for the princess to show up so he can get some fresh air for a change. He had felt cramped in that room long enough.

Later that evening, Crystal had called a meeting for the rebels to discuss the plans to find the Gaull shards. After giving it some thought and realizing that he could help with planning, Crystal decided that Blaze should attend the meeting as well.
“Are you sure that’s a good idea, Crystal?” Thaddeus asked.
“Thaddeus has a point; we can’t exactly trust the son of our enemy,” added Kerali.
“I understand your concerns, but I have faith that all of you can keep Blaze under control should he snap,” replied Crystal.
“Believe me, I can unload all of my arrows into his body in less than five seconds,” Kerali claimed.
“I don’t doubt it,” Crystal admitted.
Once everyone began to get ready for the meeting, Crystal left to go to Blaze’s room. Two other rebel men accompanied her even though she didn’t think it was necessary.  Once down the hall from Blaze’s room, she turned to the other two and said, “You two may wait here; I won’t be long.”
They nodded and stayed their ground as Crystal walked down the hall, knocked on Blaze’s door, and said, “Blaze? Are you dressed yet?”
“As I'll ever be,” she heard him say from inside.
Crystal took a key out of her robe and unlocked the door. Inside, she saw Blaze sitting on his bed and leaning back against headboard with his arms folded across his chest and one of his legs crossed over the other. At first, she did not recognize him, because his new outfit, not to mention haircut, made him look completely different.
“Oh, you cut your hair after all!” she said with a little smile. She then noticed the pile of his discarded hair on the floor in front of his mirror. She then added, “Oh my, that’s quite a mess.”
“I didn’t have any way to clean it. I’m stuck in this room, remember?” Blaze remarked.
“Well, it’s nothing that a broom can’t fix,” she stated. “We are about to hold a meeting downstairs about the Gaull shards and we could use your help.”
“Why? I don’t know anything about that damned gem,” Blaze retorted.
“I was actually hoping you could tell us what you think Bogdan will do so that we may find the shards before he does,” Crystal corrected.
Blaze grunted and stepped off of the bed. “In other words, you don’t know where to go and need me to light the way for you? You’re a clever one, aren’t you?”
Crystal ignored his rude remark and responded, “Well, it will give you a chance to get out of your room anyway.” Before turning out of the room, she then added, “By the way, I like it better that way.”
“Like what?”
“I think your hair looks better shorter,” Crystal replied with a smile.
As soon as she turned around, Blaze rolled his eyes, shook his head, and muttered under his breath, “As if I care what you think.”
Crystal led Blaze to the meeting room and the rebels who accompanied her before followed close behind them. As soon as they all walked into the room, the enormous crowd waiting inside instantly became silent. Crystal became uncomfortable, even though she knew that they weren’t silent because of her. She glanced at Blaze, who was straight-faced and looking around the room.
Crystal cleared her throat and spoke, “Thank you for coming, everyone.”
“What is he doing here?” a man standing near a group of dwarves blurted out.
“We’re from a village that he had burned down!  He ordered Daldussan soldiers to kill everyone! Why are you allowing him to wander among us?” added another man who was standing next to the first.
“Many people died in that village, children even!” the first man shouted.
“I understand how you all feel,” replied Crystal. “Although I by all means do not condone Blaze’s past actions, he has agreed to help us defeat Bogdan.  Therefore, we should at least give him the chance to redeem himself.”
“How can he ever redeem himself after that massacre?” the second man yelled.
“You realize I never actually killed any of those people myself, right?” Blaze countered, glaring at the two men.
“You ordered your men to carry out the deed, which makes you just as guilty as they are!” stated the second man.
“Please, everyone calm down,” Crystal interrupted, “I know fully well how you all feel, but if defeating Bogdan means we ally ourselves with his son to do it, then that's what I will do. I am your leader for a reason, now trust my decisions.”
Everyone remained quiet. The two men grudgingly stepped back into the crowd. After a momentary pause, Crystal spoke again, “Now then, we need to figure out how we will find the shards. There was a huge flash in the sky and five different beams of light shot into five different directions, so I believe that some people may have seen where they could have landed. I believe that if we send scouts into the surrounding areas, we may learn a few things.  Maryn, Taryn, can you bring halflings to scout the areas?” Crystal said.
“Sure, Boss,” replied Taryn.
“We’ll ask around in the nearby villages,” Maryn added.
“Good. Now, I believe we need to keep an eye out for Daldussan activity as well. Blaze can help us there,” continued Crystal.
“Yes?” muttered Blaze, without looking at Crystal.
“What do you think Bogdan will do to find information? What should we look for to see if they have discovered the location of one?” asked Crystal.
Blaze let out a long sigh and answered, “If I know him well enough, he will send his best warriors for something like this, if he didn’t actually go himself. I can imagine he will send one of his two generals, Perun and Orodan. If you see either of them and possibly an impressive amount of soldiers in any small towns or villages, then they are most likely heading to where a shard may be found.”
“I believe that Saitar may be there as well,” replied Thaddeus. “He disappeared with Bogdan, so it wouldn’t surprise me if that traitor stayed with his master.”
“Thaddeus may be right, so I would like for a few groups of rebels to travel through villages asking if anyone has seen them.  Just try to keep a low profile about it,” Crystal explained, “What do the generals look like, Blaze?”
“Perun is a dark elf from Dwyp and Orodan is an enormous warrior covered in scars and who carries an axe that is too big for anyone else to wield. They are both impossible to miss,” replied Blaze.
Crystal nodded in Blaze's direction, then returned her attention to the rest of the rebels. “Do not confront these people if you see them, just send someone to report it to us and trail them carefully. Any volunteers for this mission may report to me or Gavril.” Crystal then nodded in Gavril’s direction and he raised a hand slightly to acknowledge his presence. “Once anyone hears any credible news, report it immediately. I will then assemble a team to find the shard.”
“I will be preparing things for you here, Crystal.  The elders gave me some holy magic books for you to study, and I will be ready to help you when you get to them,” said Thaddeus.
“I would appreciate that, Master Thaddeus, thank you,” replied Crystal. Then she spoke to the crowd again, “Everyone begin preparations immediately. As soon as you are ready and rested, head out.”
With a “yes ma’am!” everyone in the room began to leave to do their assigned jobs. Crystal approached Blaze after they began to file out of the room.
“I am sure you would like to train while we wait on any news,” she said, “If you follow me, I can show you where the training grounds are.”
“Fine,” replied Blaze.

The rebels went an entire week without hearing any news. In the meantime, Blaze trained heavily every day, but always under the watchful eyes of the other rebels. Everyone was amazed at his sword skills, and some people whispered that it may have even rivaled Gavril’s, which of course did not please the formal General to hear. After witnessing Blaze’s tactics firsthand during a training session, Gavril considered the prince to be a rash, albeit skilled warrior.
Blaze on the other hand, was extremely irritated to have so many people watching over him.  He knew that they still didn’t trust him, but having everyone constantly looking over his shoulder was starting to get on his nerves. He couldn't make a single move without someone grasping the hilt of their sword, ready to draw it at the first sign of Blaze making a break for it.
The dwarves in particular crowded around the training area and never gave the former Prince a peaceful moment. Blaze glared at Sigurd as a warning for him to back off, but the dwarf simply glared back and continued his own training.
In an effort to ignore his “fellow rebels”, Blaze turned his attention to the landscape surrounding the outer walls of the hideout. The terrain surrounding the hideout was extremely rough and rocky, so Blaze figured he was in the mountains somewhere. He was never told where the hideout was after he awoke, probably because if he tried to escape, he would be unfamiliar with the area and get lost easily. The rebels, who lived and scouted in the area on a daily basis, would easily find him if he dared to run off.
Since there were so many dwarves around, Blaze concluded that he must have been in the Dwarven Mountains in southern Cierith. He knew that the soldiers had checked the area before, but it seemed that it hadn’t been checked thoroughly enough. Blaze himself had tried for several years to discover the location of the hideout. Now that he was actually there, he couldn’t care less if Bogdan found out, but he wasn’t going to be the one to tell him.
As the day went on into the afternoon, Blaze trained alone with several wooden dummies. He took his anger and frustration out on several by slicing the dummies in half with each one move, and he eventually gave a larger dummy a brutish beating rather than using his actual skills. After slicing it several times, he noticed several people staring at him. He stood there awkwardly and gave a cold stare again, but it apparently only seemed to work on the soldiers he used to order around.
“I think you’ve had enough for today,” said Gavril, who was the only person daring enough to approach him.
“Mind your own business, old man,” Blaze barked.
Ignoring Blaze’s comment, Gavril continued, “Maybe you should try practicing with another fighter, rather than destroy all of our training equipment.”
“I work alone,” Blaze retorted and then sheathed his sword and stormed off. Two rebels approached him as he walked in their direction and Gavril walked up behind him.
Gavril grabbed Blaze’s arm, pulled him forward, and stated, “If you aren’t going to train any more, then we will take you back to your room.” 
“Leave me alone!” Blaze spat as he shook Gavril’s hand off of his arm. The crowd of onlookers that were distracted from their own training then readied their weapons at Blaze, which agitated him more.
He was about ready to start slashing his way out of there when Crystal came running onto the training field and shouted, “Everyone stop!”
The crowd dispersed as she walked onto the field.  Gavril approached her and she stopped about a foot away from him. “Gavril, I know that we need to keep an eye on Blaze, but we also need to gain his trust so that he can help us. Restricting his freedom isn’t the way to get him to do it.”
“What do you suggest then? We can’t let him go freely about the hideout,” Gavril argued.
“Actually, Thaddeus has come across a spell that could give Blaze all the freedom he wants, but that can guarantee that he won’t get far if he tries to escape,” Crystal explained.
“What kind of spell?” Gavril probed.
“It’s called a tracking mark. It’s small and is placed on a person’s skin. It does take a lot of magic energy and supplies to use, but Thaddeus thinks he can manage it,” explained Crystal. Gavril pondered for a moment and then spoke.
“Then let’s bring him to Thaddeus,” Gavril said. He then ordered the two rebels to grab Blaze and follow him, much to Blaze’s distaste.
When they finally arrived in Thaddeus’s work room in the main building of the hideout, they saw him thumbing through an old book.
“So what is this about a tracking mark, Thaddeus?” Gavril asked.
“It’s quite an amazing spell!” the old man exclaimed. Crystal and Gavril then set Blaze down in a wooden chair under Thaddeus’s instructions and they both stood on each a side of him. Blaze was of course very annoyed by this and didn’t bother trying to hide it.
“What does that old mage think he's going to do?” he asked loudly.
“He's going to grant you more freedom and privacy, Blaze.” Crystal answered, “After this, we won’t even have to lock your bedroom door.”
“I'd give up my blade before I didn't lock his door,” Gavril retorted.
“Now Gavril, I assure you, we won’t have to treat Blaze like a prisoner anymore after I do this,” replied Thaddeus.
“Just what are you doing, exactly?” asked Blaze.
“I am going to put a tracking mark on you,” Thaddeus explained. “The mark will alert me if you venture further than a set distance from me. I will have visions of where you are and I will be able to alert the other rebels to find you. If I am awake, I will get the images in my head and tell the nearest person what I see. If I am asleep, I will be instantly awakened. Therefore, even if you leave in the middle of the night, you won’t get far.”
Blaze rolled his eyes.
“So we can leave him alone and if he tries to escape, we can find him quickly because of this spell?” asked Gavril.
“Precisely, it gives him freedom and gives us peace of mind that he will not reveal our hideout location,” Thaddeus assured them.
“Is the spell permanent?” Crystal asked.
“Not at all! In fact, there is a spell on the next page to remove it,” replied Thaddeus. “Now then, I shall apply the mark. About how big is this hideout, Gavril?”
Gavril pondered and then answered, “I’d say about a quarter of a mile wide, at the most.”
“All right then,” replied Thaddeus. He then reached into a small, cloth pouch on his desk, pulled out a handful of orange sparkling powder, and muttered an incantation as he scattered the powder around the tip of his staff. The powder floated around the tip and glowed like embers. Once they disappeared, the tip of his staff glowed orange.
Blaze leaned back in the chair hesitantly and blurted out loudly, “Are you going to set me on fire?”
“Of course not!” Thaddeus promised him, “Now lift your head so I can get a good view of your neck.”
Blaze hesitantly complied. He stared up at the ceiling and braced himself for whatever was coming.
“Now this may sting a little. Of course, I have never used this spell, so I am not entirely sure,” said Thaddeus.
Before Blaze could yell “What?” the mage pressed the tip of his staff into the prince’s neck. Blaze felt a surge of heat through his body and then and explosion. For a moment, he thought he was dead, but then he realized that his chair had fallen backwards and that his neck stung.
“Is he all right?” asked Gavril, whose question was answered when Blaze moaned.
The prince covered the side of his neck with his hand, where it burned. He opened his eyes to see Thaddeus, Crystal, and Gavril hovering over him.
When he removed his hand, he heard Thaddeus shout excitedly, “It worked!”
“Wow, excellent work, Thaddeus,” Gavril praised.
“Someone help me up!” said Blaze. Crystal bent down and offered him her hand, which he took. She pulled him up and without thanking her, Blaze stumbled over to the nearest mirror. Blaze immediately saw the solid black mark that curved upward and made a round curve at the bottom, making it resemble a flame.
Crystal eyed the Prince and asked, “Are you all right?”
Blaze exhaled sharply, then responded, “Oh of course. I've always wanted to be branded like cattle.”
“Don’t worry, lad,” replied Thaddeus, “You will enjoy the peace and quiet you will get now.”
Blaze turned to the old mage and asked, “Just so I’m sure, you can’t invade my thoughts or anything like that now, can you?”  
The old mage laughed and assured him, “No, and even if I could, I wouldn’t invade a person’s mind like that.”
“Fine. Now may I please have some time alone?” asked Blaze.
“Of course, Blaze. You are free to go anywhere you want around the hideout now,” replied Crystal.
Blaze responded by immediately walking out of the room.
Gavril marched to the spot where Blaze once stood, then growled, “What an ungrateful—”
“Now, now, Gavril, don’t fret.” interrupted Thaddeus, “It’s only natural for him to react that way.”
“Especially after being locked up like a prisoner,” added Crystal.
“Well, I still don’t trust him.” replied Gavril, “You may be able to see if he leaves, but he could slay one of our rebels within the hideout and no one would be able to stop him in time if he were alone.  He can’t be any good for our cause; just look at the man who raised him! If only—” Gavril then stopped abruptly as if to catch himself before saying something he didn’t want to.
“What? If only what?” asked Crystal.
“Nothing,” Gavril muttered. He then left the room without another word and shut the door behind him.
There was a brief, awkward silence until Thaddeus muttered, “Strange fellow.”
“Father always said he was quite the mysterious man,” Crystal agreed.
“Indeed,” Thaddeus replied.



CHAPTER 7

A FEW DAYS AFTER Thaddeus had applied the tracking mark to Blaze’s neck, the halflings returned with important information about a possible Gaull shard sighting. It was late morning when Maryn approached Crystal with the news, and she soon found herself rushing around the hideout telling everyone she could about an emergency meeting.  She then made her way to Blaze’s room after not finding him in anywhere else in the hideout.
Crystal stopped just outside the Prince's door, knocked, and said, “Blaze, wake up!”
She opened Blaze’s bedroom door and peeked inside. The irritated prince groaned, sat up in bed, and rubbed his eyes. He’d only slept in his trousers, so Crystal was surprised and a little embarrassed to see him without a shirt on.
“What do you want?” he groggily asked as he tried to flatten his hair with no luck.
“Maryn just brought her team of halflings back from the northeast, and she says that they discovered where a Gaull shard may be,” Crystal explained. “We’re having a meeting as soon as everyone organizes in the meeting room, and I want you to get up and come to the meeting so we can assemble a team. Get dressed and come to the meeting room.” With that, she dashed off down the hallway.
Crystal then made her way to the meeting room to see all of her friends as well as plenty of other rebels waiting for her. Maryn stood in the middle of the room with a group of older halflings surrounding her.  When Crystal approached her, she could see Maryn gloating to her brother.
“I told you I’d find something first,” she teased.
“You had a head start! It’s not fair,” Taryn pouted.
“You're the one who kept chasing after tavern maids,” Maryn countered.
Once Crystal cleared her throat, the twins saw her and immediately stopped arguing.
“Hello Boss,” Taryn greeted.
“When do you want me to start?” Maryn asked.
“In a moment. I want to give more people a chance to arrive first,” replied Crystal.
Within a few minutes, a few more groups of people as well as Blaze arrived. Blaze walked over to a space by the wall and stood alone while the other rebels joined their friends. Once everyone was settled, Crystal beckoned for Maryn to begin.
Maryn then climbed up onto the table in the middle of the room and began, “My team and I were passing through a village northeast of here when we heard some people talking about a red flash of light they saw in the sky about two weeks ago. It was around the time of incident at the City of Magi, so we asked around some more and heard that there were some old ruins half a mile outside of town. It was there that people said the red flash came from and everyone who goes near it sees these weird and scary creatures wandering around. The creatures attack anyone who goes near the ruins and the people are worried that they will attack the village before long. When we heard of this, we headed back immediately to report it to Crystal.”
“So you don’t know for sure that the shard is even there?” asked Gavril.
“No, but the villagers all reported seeing the flash stretch across the sky and then land around the ruins area, so it’s a safe bet that we will find one there,” replied Maryn.
“Even so, we can’t let those monsters threaten the villagers either. I believe that this lead is worth investigating, so I will assemble a team immediately,” Crystal stated. “Thank you Maryn, and let's not forget your team.”
“Not a problem, Crystal!” replied the halfling girl, who then jumped down from the table.
“In the meantime, I believe we should still send people out to search the areas for more rumors,” Gavril said.
“I agree,” replied Crystal. She then turned back to the twins and said, “In the mean time, I want you two to continue to lead the searches in the surrounding areas.”
“Will do!” the twins said simultaneously.
“Sigurd, will you stay here and watch over things while we are gone?” asked Crystal.
“I shall make you and my brethren proud,” the dwarf confidently responded.
“I have no doubt you will, my friend.” replied Crystal, “As for the mission, I would like for Gavril, Thaddeus, Kerali, and Blaze to join me on the journey to the village.”
“Why me?” asked Blaze.
“You can help us get there before your father by helping us predict what moves he would take,” Crystal explained.
“Fine,” replied Blaze.
“Good.” said Crystal. She then turned to Gavril. “Can you round up some of your warriors to guard the village while we investigate the ruins?”
“Of course,” replied Gavril. He then turned to Maryn and asked “How many people do you think will be enough to guard the village?”
“The village isn’t that big, so not that many,” Maryn answered him.
“We also don’t want to travel in such a large group, so about three or four of your best men will work fine, Gavril,” replied Crystal.
“Very well,” replied Gavril.
“Let’s begin preparations immediately.” said Crystal, “If we leave in about an hour, we can get there before sunset if we don’t make any stops. Now then, let’s get to work.”

Crystal and her team set out to the northeast around midday. The air was still cold out from the late winter, but spring was approaching and the sun was shining upon them. The land was drenched with melting snow as the sun laid its blanket of warmth across its path. Throughout the day, as the afternoon came and went, the team did not even have to clutch their cloaks around them to keep warm.
The sky had already begun to glow orange by the time the rebels reached the tiny village. The citizens confirmed what Maryn had told them about the ruins, so after a brief rest and a meal, they venture southeast of the village towards the ruins. As Crystal requested, three of Gavril’s best fighters stayed behind in the village.
“According to the tavern owner,” said Gavril, as they walked across the plains, “the ruins were once an old mansion that burned to the ground about thirty years ago. The owner of the mansion apparently lost everything in the fire and died from a disease some years later.”
“It sure is getting dark,” said Crystal. “I hope we can find the shard when we can’t see well.”
“Or see the monsters well enough to fight them,” Thaddeus added.
“I should not have a problem with my eyes,” said Kerali. “If you all cover me, I can take out quite a few of them in the dark.”
“Good idea,” replied Crystal, “and Thaddeus and I could light the way with our fire spells.”
“Of course,” replied Thaddeus.
“I can take the front lines and I am sure that Blaze can as well,” said Gavril.
Blaze didn’t say a word and walked behind the group.
“Try to keep up, Blaze,” Crystal called back to him.
“I’m fine, Princess. Just keep walking,” Blaze remarked.
The team reached the ruins in less than an hour. The sun was already below the horizon and the faint orange glow that peeked overhead was steadily fading into the black and starry night sky. As the dark curtain of night shaded the land, the dull shape of a crescent moon started to peek out in the east.
When the rebels finally came upon the ruins, they found an old, rusted iron gate lining the property. The group daringly but cautiously ventured into an old courtyard in front of the wreckage and saw that the ruins of the enormous manor were covered in soot and cobwebs. The beams that once lined the walls were still standing upright and the archway of the front door was still intact. Several floors above the ground level still stood, but did not seem to still be able to support anyone’s weight.
Not long after stepping into the courtyard between the gate and the front of the ruins, the rebels heard a low growl followed by steady footsteps.
“What was that?” Crystal whispered.
“It definitely didn’t sound friendly,” Gavril remarked.
The rebels immediately braced their weapons and backed against each other to avoid a sneak attack. They watched around the courtyard, waiting to see the source of the noise.
“Watch for any signs of movement,” Crystal warned.
The growling continued and seemed to be coming from more than one source.
“How many are there, Kerali?” asked Gavril.
“I hear about three different growls and judging by the sound of their footsteps, I believe they are quadrupeds,” replied the elf.
“Quadawhat?” asked Blaze.
“It means they walk on four legs,” Crystal clarified.
It was then that Blaze caught sight of a dark, scaly creature with red eyes that ran toward him.
“Over here!” he yelled. He then charged at the creature with his sword. It ran at him on four claw-like legs and whipped its spiked tail back and forth menacingly. It had a gargoyle-like face with enormous fangs and two curved horns on its head. It also had spikes that ran along its back from the head to the base of its tail.
The creature roared as it lunged through the air at Blaze. Blaze brought his sword up and swung at the creature from the side, striking the creature in the ribcage. It landed to the ground roughly, but it immediately rose to its feet like nothing happened.
“How can that be? My sword didn't even leave a scratch!” Blaze yelled, befuddled.
“Look out!” cried Kerali, who shot an arrow at another creature that crept behind Crystal. It bounced off of the creature’s snout, and Crystal immediately shot a fireball at the creature’s face and it whined with pain. Gavril then attacked a third beast coming from another direction, and Thaddeus cast a thunder spell on the one Blaze was fighting.
The shock paralyzed the beast momentarily, and so Blaze took advantage by swinging at it again. This time, his sword easily sliced through the beast’s scaly skin and poured dark blood onto the dead grass. The creature moaned and cried out in pain, and Blaze responded by slicing its throat. The beast then fell to the ground and became still.
“Thunder spells weaken their scales, Crystal!” shouted Thaddeus.
“Got it!” Crystal shouted back. She then shot a lightning bolt at the monster she and Kerali were fighting and Thaddeus then did the same to Gavril’s monster. Gavril then sliced the monster apart, and Kerali loosed his arrows into the other. Once the three creatures were dead, Crystal examined one of the bodies.
“What are they?” she asked Thaddeus.
“I haven't the slightest idea,” the old mage replied. “You've seen plenty of odd creatures, Kerali. Have you any idea what this is?”
“I have lived for three centuries and have killed thousands of monsters, but never have I seen anything like this,” said Kerali.
Upon further examination, Gavril noticed something.
“Their eyes are blood red, and I feel the same dark presence as I did with the Eye of Gaull when we first saw it in the City of Magi,” said Gavril.
“Yes, you’re right,” Crystal said softly.
“What do you mean? I do not sense this presence you speak of,” said Kerali.
“The Eye of Gaull can only be used by a human, so it only tempts the humans who go near it, but elves, dwarves, and others are not affected.” Thaddeus explained.
“Why would only humans be affected?” Blaze pressed.
Gavril knelt beside the beast and said, “Because the souls of man are the most corrupted of all species. Our souls are full of greed, hatred, and fear unlike the souls of elf and dwarf kind.”
“There is no doubt about it; there is indeed a shard in these ruins,” Thaddeus said.
“Perhaps the monsters are originating from the shard?” asked Gavril.
“This is only a hunch, but perhaps the monsters are demons, possibly even followers who sold their souls to Gaull, that are protecting the shard,” the old mage supposed.
“At least we know how to kill them, now.” said Crystal, who then stood and looked at the ruins and added, “Let’s head inside, and we’d better watch for any more of these demons, just in case.”
The five of them then grouped together still grasping their weapons and ventured cautiously inside. Crystal held a small fire in her hand above her head to light the way, and Thaddeus lit his staff behind the rest of the group. They walked through what used to be the foyer, their every footstep creaking on the rotting wood floor. They tried a few different rooms around the ground level, but some rooms were inaccessible due to the massive damage.
Room by room they walked on with no sign of the shard. The rebels were becoming tired from fighting all of the demons, but they knew that the shard had to be close. They finally came to what looked like a kitchen area that led to an archway where the rebels assumed a back door used to be.
“We’ve looked in every room that we could get to,” said Crystal. “The shard has to be in the backyard.”
Once they stepped outside, they could see numerous old trees against the night sky and a dense, overgrown hedge that lined the property.  There were dead bushes and a cobblestone walkway that led further to the back of the property.
“This must have been a garden at some point,” said Gavril.
“I feel the dark presence further towards the back of the property,” said Crystal. “Let’s find our way there.”
The rebels followed the walkway, which twisted and turned around rows of bushes and trees almost like a maze. The group could see old and crumbled statues that once resembled human form, but now had fallen apart from years of decay. Dead leaves crunched under their feet as they walked, but it was the only sound they heard other than the cool wind.
The rebels eventually came across the end of the walkway. They stopped a few feet away from an old fountain that lay against the hedge. A faint red glow came from the dirty water, and when Crystal inched closer, she could see the red shard.
“It’s here! The shard is in the fountain!” she called out.
No sooner than Crystal said this, however, did a voice say, “Thank you for finding it for us.”
The rebels turned around to see none other than Saitar. He was no longer wearing his elder robe, of course. He now wore a black robe with silver trim and carried his staff like a walking cane.
“What are you doing here, traitor?” yelled Thaddeus.
“Oh I didn’t come alone,” replied Saitar. After he said this, half a dozen high ranked soldiers jumped over the hedges and landed near the rebels. Perun had also appeared on top of the fountain. He had somehow slipped past the rebels without either of them being aware and now had the shard in his hand.
“We are here to take this back to King Bogdan, and we owe you for doing the work for us,” said the dark elf from atop the fountain. He then jumped forward into the air, flipped and twisted around in midair, and then landed next to Saitar.
“My, my, Prince Blaze, you look different!” Saitar exclaimed, “Your father has been looking for you. I am here to personally escort you back to the castle.”
“Forget it,” Blaze snapped.
“Oh? You refuse?” Saitar asked.
“Does that wretch really think I’ll go running back to him like a lost puppy? You can tell your King that he’d better watch his back, because if he doesn’t, he’ll find my sword plunged into it!” Blaze threatened.
“I see. Well then, if you refuse to comply, I have been given orders to kill you,” replied Saitar.
“As well as bring the rebel leader into custody,” Perun added.
“You'll have to kill the rest of us first,” Gavril shouted.
“With pleasure,” replied Saitar.
The former Elder then launched a wave of rock and dirt that came up from the ground in a path towards Crystal. She blocked the flying earth with a force field and counterattacked with icicles that flew around and shot at Saitar from the side. He blocked the ice with his robe, but Thaddeus had attacked with a lightning strike from his hand from the other direction, catching Saitar off guard.
The shock knocked him off of his feet, and so Perun attempted to attack Thaddeus while his comrade was down. Gavril, however, stepped in the way and blocked Perun’s attack. Kerali also teamed up with Gavril against the dark elf. The elf hurled arrow after arrow at the dark elf and was attempting to distract him so that Gavril may grab the shard.
Blaze had begun fighting three soldiers at once while Crystal fended off the other three. Crystal managed to incapacitate two of them with various spells, and it wasn’t long before she was able to defeat the third. She turned to Blaze in time to see him kill the last of his opponents by making him stab himself with his own blade.
“Must you use so much force?” she yelled.
“It’s either us or them,” he shouted back. He then ran in Perun’s direction to attempt to grab the shard.
Perun slowly became overwhelmed by everyone attacking him, especially since he only had one hand free.  Crystal could see that he may cave in, but she looked to Thaddeus first. He was fending off Saitar well, but the rogue elder was younger and quicker, so Crystal decided to jump in to help her mentor.
Saitar was trying to help Perun, but with Crystal and Thaddeus keeping him busy, he could not defend his comrade. It wasn’t long before Kerali’s arrows distracted the General to the point at which he lost focus and allowed Blaze to plunge his sword straight through his chest. The Gaull shard slid out of Perun’s arm and rolled in the dead grass. The dark elf then fell to the ground and bled to death.
Blaze grabbed the shard, held it up, and shouted, “I’ve got it!”
Crystal turned to face him, at which point Saitar quickly took advantage and shot a gust of intense wind at her.
“Crystal!” yelled Thaddeus as he jumped in her way. He was hit by the wind and fell to the ground hard, and so Crystal quickly rushed to his side.
Saitar then teleported next to Blaze and grabbed his neck with one hand and the shard with the other. The two struggled against the other, but before anyone could rush to help Blaze, a blast of energy emitted from Saitar’s hand that gripped the prince’s throat. Blaze was knocked to his back by the force of the blast and Saitar didn’t waste a second after grabbing the shard and disappeared before anyone could stop him.



CHAPTER 8

ONCE SAITAR HAD DISAPPEARED with the shard, Thaddeus suggested that they cremate the bodies of Perun and the other fallen soldiers. Crystal agreed to help him, stating that even though they were enemies, it was not right to just leave their bodies to decay out in the open.
“I’ll kill the unconscious ones so they don’t go crawling back to Bogdan,” Blaze offered.
“You’ve done enough needless killing for one day,” Crystal remarked.
Instead, once the soldiers awoke, Crystal informed them that their leader abandoned them. When they realized that the rebels had spared their lives, the soldiers begged for forgiveness. Crystal informed them that if they wanted redemption, they could join the rebels. The soldiers agreed to do so, but claimed that they needed to get their families out of harm’s way. An agreement was made that a group of rebels would meet them back at the village once they had their families and bring them all to the hideout to start new lives.
Though disappointed by the loss in the ruins, when the rebels returned to the village, Crystal assured them that it did not mean defeat. “They only have one shard that we know of. As long as we can get our hands on just one, it would mean that they didn’t have them all, so the Eye of Gaull cannot be used.”
“You are far too optimistic,” replied Blaze, who walked past Crystal without looking at her.
“Sometimes optimism is the only thing that keeps us alive,” Thaddeus offered.
“I think we should stay in the village inn for the night,” Crystal suggested. “I will go ask the owner if there is a vacancy.”
“I will let my men know that they can rest too,” said Gavril.
“Good idea,” responded Crystal.
Once the innkeeper heard from Crystal that the monsters were no longer a threat to the village, he gladly let the rebels stay the night for free, even though Crystal objected. Even when she asked the innkeeper if he needed help cleaning or cooking, he would not hear of it. He was quite amiable and insisted that the other villagers would be just as thankful for their deed as he was.
“It is the least I can do for you and your team mates,” said the kindly old innkeeper.
“I appreciate your generosity. We will try not to be a burden,” Crystal replied graciously.
Crystal was given a smaller, separate room to herself. The innkeeper’s jolly wife insisted that she take their daughter’s old bedroom because she felt it was not proper for a young lady to share a room with a group of men. Even though Crystal didn’t think anything of that sort of thing, she was still grateful to have privacy.
Gavril’s men were given one room and Gavril, Blaze, Thaddeus, and Kerali were given another. Each room had four narrow beds that were each covered with fresh, linen sheets and feather pillows. When the men lay on the beds to sleep, they noticed that the beds weren’t very comfortable, but still better than the beds at the hideout.
“It’s better than sleeping on the dirt outside,” Gavril claimed.
“I have slept on worse things than dirt in my younger years.” replied Thaddeus, “Try a prison cell in Dwyp.”
“You’ve been imprisoned by dark elves?” Kerali inquired curiously.
“Yes, man years ago,” replied Thaddeus. “I traveled quite a bit in my youth and I went to Dwyp with my brother to find an artifact for the High Elder at the time. Needless to say, we were captured by the king’s men and locked into his dungeon for trespassing.”
“I never knew that about you,” replied Gavril. “That must have been terrible!”
“Indeed, it was,” Thaddeus responded. “There weren’t even any beds to sleep on, so we had to sleep on the cold, hard ground that was covered in urine and feces for ten days straight! Thankfully, the High Elder discovered we had been captured and, considering many dark elves were students in the city, the king was forced to release us to avoid conflict within the kingdom.”
Blaze thought about the dungeon Thaddeus spoke of. It sounded almost like the dungeons back home in Daldussa, only at least the cells had beds.
Blaze’s thoughts were interrupted when he suddenly heard Gavril say, “Try lying in agony on a raft floating down a river in the dead of winter.”
“That’s right, I remember that,” Thaddeus exclaimed.
“Remember what?” interrupted Blaze.
Gavril paused and then said, “I was . . . very seriously injured many years ago and was left to die on a raft in Daldussa—”
“You were from Daldussa?” interrupted Blaze.
“Yes, I was. I floated down the river from Daldussa into Cierith for many days. King August, Crystal’s father, finally found me and Elaine, Crystal’s mother healed me. After that, I stayed in Cierith and served the royal family for years.”
“I do not ever recall you ever telling anyone who gave you that injury, either,” Thaddeus pointed out. “I don’t even think August ever knew. It would have taken someone horrible to do that to another human being!”
Gavril’s head snapped up, he looked at everyone nervously, and said, “I do not care to discuss it.”
“I apologize, Gavril. I did not mean to upset you,” replied Thaddeus ruefully.
“No, don’t be sorry. I just . . . it’s too painful to talk about. I have my demons from the past and do not wish for them to surface,” Gavril responded.
“Well then, I will not press the matter.” replied the old mage, “Now then, I believe we should all get some sleep. We have a long day tomorrow.”
“Yes, you are right,” replied Gavril.
Within the next few minutes, Blaze’s three roommates were fast asleep, but he was wide awake. He never knew the old General was originally from Daldussa and yet he hated them so much. What could have happened to him in his homeland that made him serve another kingdom? Not that Blaze cared, of course, but curiosity was getting the best of him. However, something else nagged at his mind. It could be that he was just tired, but when Gavril spoke of the demons from his past, Blaze could have sworn that Gavril looked straight at him.

The following morning, Blaze woke to see his roommates were gone. Figuring they were in town somewhere, he decided to head to the tavern for a drink before he had to leave. He got up, put his jacket and gloves on, and walked downstairs. Before Blaze even asked him, the innkeeper told him that his friends were all in the village. Even though he hardly considered any of the rebels his “friends,” Blaze didn’t tell the innkeeper anything and just nodded. 
Outside, the villagers were conducting their everyday business. The quiet little village was filled with jovial citizens who lived modest lives. Blaze didn’t really care much for the town, so he began walking and scanned each building. He could see a bakery with dozens of rolls and cakes in the window, a few houses, and eventually caught sight of the tavern.
Upon entering the tavern, Blaze caught smell of strong ale and was immediately drawn inside.  Before he sat at the bar, he froze when he saw that Crystal was already sitting there.
Blaze frowned and said, “You are the last person I would expect to see in a tavern.”
Crystal turned around. “Oh, you’re finally up.  Good, now we can get the team together and get going.”
Blaze eyed the cup in front of her curiously. He gestured to it and said, “Little early, don’t you think?”
She looked at her cup and then looked back at him annoyed. “It’s water, thank you very much. I’ve never had a taste for alcohol. What about you? I doubt you came here for a little cup of water,” she retorted.
“I meant that it was early for you,” he responded, “I am well adapted to drinking, so I can drink whenever I like without being hindered. Besides, I haven’t had any ale in a while because I have been cooped up in your hideout.”
Crystal glared at him and turned back to her drink. Blaze grabbed the empty seat right next to her and ordered a cup of ale from the bartender. For the longest time, they sat in silence. It wasn’t until Blaze received his drink that Crystal broke the silence.
“You didn’t by any chance ask around for more rumors?” she asked him.
“No,” Blaze responded quickly.
Neither Blaze nor Crystal looked at each other. It seemed that the two of the really had nothing in common enough to even make conversation.
Crystal glanced at Blaze from the corner of her eye every now and then, but all she could see was how quick he drank his ale. She then decided to improvise.
“So . . . you drink often?” she asked.
Blaze plopped his drink down on the counter and gave her a look that made her feel two-inches tall.  “What the hell kind of question is that?” he asked rudely.
Crystal’s face turned red with embarrassment. “I was just trying to make conversation,” she responded.
“Don’t be stupid,” he muttered and continued to drink.
“I was only being polite and trying to ease the tension. Not to mention, if you are going to be working with us, I thought I would try to get to know you more,” she replied.
“I don’t need you to cozy up to me,” he said. “As soon as this is all over, I don’t want to hear from or see you or any of your other buddies again.”
Crystal sighed and said sharply, “Fine.” 
She then finished her water, paid the bartender, and walked away. Just as she was about to reach the door, everyone heard shouting outside. Gavril, almost out of breath, threw the tavern door open and darted for Crystal.
“Crystal! Come outside, quick!” he shouted.
Crystal bolted out of the room, and Blaze soon followed outside.
Blaze’s stomach sunk when he saw Daldussan soldiers marching into the village. The others had already drawn their weapons and were blocking the path out of the village. A lieutenant dressed in heavier armor and a long, red cape stepped forward.
“I am here on official business for the king. This village is to be locked down and all of the citizens arrested! You rebels will be placed in special custody!” said the lieutenant. Several villagers cried out in protest, but the lower-ranking soldiers simply held out their swords to silence the crowd.
“What is Bogdan's reason for doing this?” asked Crystal.
“I am not authorized to reveal that information,” replied the lieutenant. He then saw Blaze and added, “His Majesty has also placed a bounty on the head of Prince Blaze.”
Figures, Blaze thought.
“First he abandons him, then he wants him dead?  And you still serve that pig?” shouted Crystal.
“Insulting the king is a crime that is punishable by death! Stand down and surrender immediately,” yelled the lieutenant, drawing his sword.
Crystal responded by lifting her hands and emitting an electric aura between them. The lieutenant seemed taken aback, but he obviously expected her power and charged forward anyway. He underestimated the strength of her spell and was knocked off his feet by the blast she sent in his direction. Before she could attack again, however, the other soldiers began to charge forward.
Gavril and Blaze fought off several soldiers that tried to attack Crystal and incapacitated them one at a time. Each swordsman fought well and didn’t give their enemies much time to attack. Thaddeus froze several soldiers in blocks of ice and electrocuted others while Kerali jumped onto the rooftops and shot arrow after arrow into the necks of his enemies. The elf ran along the top of the buildings as he continued to shoot, and he jumped from building to building with the reflexes of a wild cat.
The rebels fought well, but it was quickly becoming apparent that they were greatly outnumbered by the soldiers and it even with all of their efforts to fight the troop, the scene was becoming dangerous for the innocent villagers. Even Blaze and Gavril were becoming surrounded by enemies on either side and they stood back to back to avoid being flanked, and Crystal was quick, but with all the enemies she tried to fight off, she was losing energy fast.
“Surrender, now!” the lieutenant ordered.
“You will have to kill us!” Crystal yelled back.
“Believe me, I can do that—” the lieutenant was interrupted by a rock hitting the back of his helmet.  After being disoriented and knocked off his feet, the lieutenant looked in the direction the rock was hurled from and saw a little boy glaring at him.
The entire battle halted as the lieutenant yelled, “Arrest that boy!”
However, before soldier made a move, dozens of villagers stepped in front of the boy wielding shovels, pitchforks, and any other weapons they could find. The lieutenant suddenly took several steps back, and as the fed-up villagers continued to stare him down, they inched closer.
Crystal grinned when the villagers then yelled and charged into the crowd of soldiers. The battle resumed, only this time, the Daldussan soldiers were slowly becoming outnumbered. One by one, the soldiers fell to the crowd of villagers until the tides of fate began to turn.
“All of you will be put to death for disobeying the king!” yelled the lieutenant, but these were the last words he would ever speak. Blaze appeared out of nowhere and ran his sword straight through the gap in the side of the lieutenant’s armor. He bled out so quickly that he was dead before he hit the ground.
Once the surviving soldiers saw that their commander and over half of their comrades had fallen, they hastily retreated. Kerali quickly began shooting more arrows into the backs of several escaping soldiers, but even with his quick hands, there were roughly half a dozen men that escaped alive. The elf ruefully jumped to the ground after losing sight of them, and even when Crystal assured him that he did a great job, Kerali still felt like he could have stopped them.
Once the chaos and confusion, not to mention the loud cheers of the villagers, had settled, the old mayor of the village then timidly stepped forward from the crowd. “How can we ever repay you all for what you have done for our village?”
“It's our sworn duty to protect the people of Cierith, so no payment is necessary. However, I strongly advise that all of you leave this village at once,” Crystal responded.
“Why on earth do we have to leave?” the mayor asked, puzzled.
“Those soldiers that got away will report what happened here to Bogdan, and I am positive that after he finds out that we were here, he will send even more troops to this location to find us. Considering the fact that several of the villagers helped us, he would no doubt have everyone here killed on the spot, maybe even worse. Therefore, the wisest thing you can do is leave right away. You are all more than welcome to take shelter in our hideout, and those of you who know how to fight can join the rebels. You can find our hideout in the Dwarven Mountains southwest of here. We will have rebels waiting for your arrival and guide you to the secret entrance,” Crystal explained.
“Very well,” the mayor responded, “I do not want those soldiers coming back and hurting any more innocent people. What is your name, Miss?”
“I am Crystal,” she responded with a smile. “I am the leader of Deliverance.”
“Thank you, Crystal. I will have the villagers prepare for the journey,” replied the village leader.
“Very good,” Crystal responded. She then added before walking away, “Don’t bother to pack your material possessions, only what you absolutely need.”
The villagers showed their gratitude by giving the rebels supplies they needed for their journey. Neither of them had eaten breakfast, so the baker gave them fresh bread, which they gratefully and hungrily accepted. The farmer also gave the rebels extra horses he bred and by noon that day, the rebels set out for the hideout on horseback.



CHAPTER 9

IT HAD ONLY BEEN A WEEK since they returned to the hideout that Crystal received news of yet another shard. Crystal stood in the meeting room with Thaddeus, Gavril, and an unenthusiastic Blaze standing beside her. A group of elves approached her and explained to her that a shopkeeper had found a shard outside of the city of Ordale and sold it to a nobleman for enough money to set him for life.
“What is the nobleman’s name?” Crystal asked the group leader, a female elf named Breuvial.
“I believe his name was Lord Victor Valamar,” replied Breuvial. “He is originally from Daldussa, but he purchased the land in Ordale after the invasion. His estate is the biggest in town.”
“You saw where he lived?” Crystal asked.
“I didn’t have to look for it, his gaudy mansion can easily be seen from the city gate,” Breuvial responded.
“He must have quite a fortune to afford a house of that size,” Gavril uttered.
“His entire family has been very renowned and wealthy for centuries,” Breuvial explained.
“I take it he’s fairly popular?” Crystal muttered.
“Oh yes, and from what we gathered, he's quite a womanizer,’” Breuvial said.
“Did you find out where he keeps the shard?” Crystal asked.
“Valamar is said to keep it in his art collection somewhere in his mansion,” Breuvial answered.
“What does he think it is, an eccentric statue?” Gavril blurted out in disbelief, “At least he doesn’t know of its power, so that should put us at ease a bit.”
“Still, we need to go to his mansion as soon as possible and somehow obtain the shard,” responded Crystal.
“What are you going to do, strut right in and ask him for it? It's not like he's going to toss it to you and say, ‘have a nice day,’” Blaze snapped.
Crystal annoyingly replied, “No, I was hoping to scrape up enough money to offer him more than he paid for it in hopes of buying it. Seeing as he thinks it’s just a piece of art, we may have a shot.”
“Are you kidding? Let’s just take the damned thing,” Blaze remarked.
“We cannot risk stealing it,” Gavril argued. “If Bogdan hears that rebels stole from one of the wealthiest men in the land, he will scour the town and massacre innocent people to get information about where we went.”
“Exactly. If we buy it, we avoid drawing too much negative attention to ourselves. Valamar will see us as art collectors and think nothing more of our sudden arrival,” explained Crystal.
“But I am afraid, Miss Crystal, that finding enough money to top his payment won’t be an easy task,” Breuvial ruefully stated.
“How much did he pay for it?” Crystal asked her.
“I am not sure of the exact amount, but from what I understand, the shop owner was able to buy a small mansion with roughly three acres of land,” replied Breuvial.
“We’ll never find the money for that!” exclaimed Gavril.
“We could always go with my plan,” Blaze muttered.
“I hate to admit it, Crystal, but Blaze may be right,” Gavril stated.
“Even if I erased the shard from his memory, the townspeople remember Valamar buying it! He will still know it is stolen!” Crystal replied.
“Perhaps you can come up with another way to get the shard,” replied Thaddeus.
“But how? What could we tell him that would make him just give us the shard?” asked Crystal.
“Tell him it’s cursed. It isn’t exactly lying,” replied Gavril. “It may be the only way that we get it away from him without causing a scene.”
Crystal looked at her feet and though for a few minutes. The room remained completely silent before she spoke again. “All right, I suppose that it’s the only way.”
“Well then let’s assemble our team,” responded Gavril.
“If Kerali goes along, tell him he had better kiss me goodbye first this time,” Breuvial muttered.
“Don’t worry, Breuvial. I’ll drill it into his head for you,” Crystal laughed.
“Thanks! Can you believe him? I am his fiancée and he doesn’t have the decency to kiss me goodbye before leaving for a dangerous mission! I’ll have to have a nice long talk with him,” Breuvial replied.
After thanking Breuvial and her team for their good work, Crystal then began to make the plans for the trip with Gavril.

By that afternoon, it was decided that all of Crystal’s friends would travel with her northwest to Ordale and even Blaze unwillingly went along. As Gavril had pointed out, Ordale was a large city with a large amount of crimes that happened on occasion and, even though he was confident she could defend herself, he felt better knowing that more people would travel with her.
Sigurd proudly walked alongside Crystal and warned, “If you do not watch yourself in that town, you will be robbed before you can blink.”
“Also, we cannot risk the shard being pick-pocketed by a lowly thug,” added Kerali. “This way, we can stick in a group to avoid such a thing.”
“Very well,” Crystal finally agreed. Even though she knew she would be fine, it made her feel much better that she had so many protective friends.
It seemed, though, that Crystal and her friends spent the whole trip to Ordale sitting together talking and laughing together as a group, mostly with Taryn teasing Kerali about the way Breuvial scolded him before he left. Taryn even imitated the way she “nagged” him and then, while embracing the air, he imitated a kiss and a high-pitched girl’s voice, which made everyone else laugh except for Kerali, of course. 
Blaze, however sat alone and away from them, and Crystal couldn’t help but notice his antisocial behavior. The night after they ventured out, the team set up camp in a wooded area and lit a fire. While Crystal visited with her friends, Blaze sat on a rock a little ways off and minded his own business.
Crystal didn’t understand why, but she wished that Blaze would join them. She could only imagine the loneliness he felt, and for reasons unknown to her, she wanted to be near him so that he may open up and learn to trust her. Then again, maybe she wanted to share her own pain with him, so that they would have kindred souls to reach out to. She decided to approach him and ask him to join them one night, but when she did, he muttered, “No thanks,” and then remained silent until she left him alone.
By the sunset on the third day of their trip, the ornate city of Ordale came into view. The rebels walked through the front gates without a problem, and as Breuvial had said, they could see the rooftop of Valamar’s estate.
“Gaudy” was a gross understatement for Valamar's  mansion. The outer walls and roof glittered under the setting sun, flashing its brilliance to anyone who walked through the front gate.
“Why does that guy have to show off his wealth so much?” asked Maryn.
“Because rich people have nothing better to do,” replied Taryn.
“I don’t think you’re very far off from the truth, Taryn,” replied Gavril.
“Well, we aren't going to get the shard by standing around admiring Lord Valamar's taste in architecture. Let's go,” said Crystal.
“Wait, wouldn’t it look odd for so many of us, especially with an elf, a dwarf, and two halflings to show up and tell this man that the shard he bought is haunted?” Thaddeus brought up.
“Thaddeus is right,” replied Gavril. “Maybe only a couple of us should go up there.”
“I will go,” Crystal replied. “Who will accompany me?”
“I will,” Gavril immediately volunteered, as if it were a contest to see who answered first.
“Actually, I think it would be better if we sent Blaze,” replied Thaddeus. Everyone suddenly jerked their heads and stared at the old mage. He took a defensive step back and added, “What if something happens in there? Sure, Crystal can hold her own in battle and Gavril could protect her, but from what we hear, Valamar has far too many guards for you two to fight off yourselves. If Blaze goes in, I can stand by the gates so that he is far enough away—”
“—So that you can see what Blaze is doing, and therefore see if he and Crystal get into trouble,” Kerali finished for him.
“Precisely. I can alert you all so that we can help them in time,” replied Thaddeus.
Gavril muttered under his breath and approached Blaze. He then pointed a finger in the prince’s face and said, “I swear to Caris, if you let any harm come to Crystal, I will have your head before your father does.”
Blaze glared at the former General until Crystal came forward and separated them.
“It’s all right, Gavril. I will be fine,” she assured.
“I will wait here at the gate,” Thaddeus reminded them.
“I will wait here with you. If you go into your trance, I do not want someone to harm you while you are vulnerable,” Gavril offered.
“Thank you, old friend,” replied the kindly old mage.
After the twins, Kerali, and Sigurd agreed to patrol the area waiting for a signal from Thaddeus, Crystal motioned to Blaze to head forward, and so they both set off downtown.
The roads were lined with paved stone and elaborate stores with expensive merchandise. Carriages that were led by horses carried wealthy citizens around the city, and a large restaurant was just starting to see the rush of evening customers.
The sky was getting very dark by the time they had passed the restaurant, and some of the nocturnal lowlifes that littered such cities started coming out. As Crystal and Blaze passed a group of thugs near a tavern, they whistled and yelled obscenities at Crystal. She shot them a dirty look, but it only made them laugh and leer more than before.
“Pigs!” she muttered.
“They’re men, so get used to it. Not every man you meet will be a knight in shining armor like your General. More often than not, men will think with their dicks first, and I’m sure even the noble and brave Gavril has been that way at some point,” retorted Blaze.
“Not every man is like that,” Crystal replied.
“Well not every woman is a prude little virgin like you,” Blaze blurted out rudely.
Crystal stopped in her tracks and stared at Blaze like he had slapped her. Blaze rolled his eyes and said, “Oh don't give me that look. It’s quite obvious that you’ve never made love.”
“And you have?” Crystal spat.
“Of course I have,” Blaze said proudly. “You don't really think I'm the type to save myself for marriage?”
Crystal rolled her eyes. “Leave it to you to bed the first woman who shows an interest in you.”
“What makes you think there was only one?” Blaze remarked with a smug smile.
At that moment, Crystal decided she wanted no further part in the conversation, so she simply said through gritted teeth, “Let's just get going.”
Eventually, after what seemed like hours of not speaking to or looking at each other, Crystal and Blaze eventually made it to Valamar’s estate. It was even more elaborate and gaudy up close. Two guards stood in front of the gates and when Crystal and Blaze approached them, they immediately straightened up.
“Who goes there?” the taller, skinnier one asked.
“I am a mage from the City of Magi,” Crystal began, “and I have recently heard that Lord Valamar purchased a red gem shard from a shopkeeper in town. I need to speak with Lord Valamar about this shard right away.”
“Who is that man? He doesn’t look like a mage to me!” the skinny guard retorted.
“He is a hired mercenary entrusted with my safety. I am the granddaughter of . . . Elder Bredewig,” replied Crystal. She had suddenly remembered that Bredewig had traveled to Ordale recently and hoped that the guards had heard of him.
“Oh, yes, I remember him. He came here to the estate a few months ago,” said the other guard, who was much shorter and thicker around his mid-region.
“I had no idea he had any grandchildren,” muttered the skinny guard.
“I am here on official business on my grandfather’s behalf. May we please have an audience with Lord Valamar?” Crystal asked again.
“Yes, my lady. You may enter,” replied the short guard. The two guards then opened the iron gates inward and Crystal and Blaze stepped forward.
The manor had a large courtyard in front with rose bushes lining the stone walkway. Lush green gardens grew on either side of the walkway behind the rose bushes and the front gates connected to a six-foot-tall cobblestone wall that was covered in vines. It seemed that there was not an inch of the property that did not show off the owner’s vast wealth.
Crystal and Blaze finally arrived at the front door and saw a handle for knocking. Crystal lifted the handled and banged on the door three times and after a minute of waiting, a scrawny, middle-aged man in fine clothing that clashed with his ragged appearance answered the door.
“Welcome to the Valamar estate. I am Lord Valamar’s steward, Quincy. How may I help you?” he asked in a weak voice.
“Good evening, Sir. I am Crystal, granddaughter of Elder Bredewig of the City of Magi, and I need to speak with Lord Valamar about the object he recently purchased,” replied Crystal.
“Very well, I shall announce your presence to Lord Valamar. You may wait in the foyer while I find him,” replied the butler. He turned around and Crystal and Blaze followed him inside.
The inside of the manor was even more fancy and decorative than outside. The walls were a rich mahogany color and moldings along the corners were painted gold. A large double staircase, also gold, sat in the middle of the room. The stairs were lined with an expensive, dark red rug with gold trim. A similar but larger rug lay across the dark marble floor beneath Crystal’s feet and had gold tassels on the ends. Along the walls were several large paintings of various subjects, but mostly of women.
“I shall return shortly,” said the butler, bowing.
Crystal politely thanked him as he climbed the staircase. She was looking around the room again when she caught Blaze picking up a decorative vase from its pedestal.
“Put that down before you break it!” she scolded.
“Get a grip, Princess,” he retorted.
“Don’t call me that out loud!” she spat.
Blaze rolled his eyes and carefully placed the vase back in place, but not before pretending to lose his grip on it and childishly laughing at Crystal’s reaction, and began eyeing a portrait of a woman that hung on the wall above the vase.
Just as Crystal rolled her eyes at Blaze's careless behavior, she heard hurried footsteps coming down the stairs. However, they were not as light as the butler’s, but quicker. She then saw a man coming down the stairs who she could only assume was Valamar.
Even though she did not find him attractive, Crystal could understand why many women did. Valamar was quite tall with warm skin and long, gold hair that barely brushed against his wide cheekbones. His jaw was strong and wide and his face was clean-shaven. He had dark blue eyes that most women would melt after staring into. Crystal guessed this was what was known as a “god-like” physique, but she was not affected by his charming and devilish good looks.
“Good evening, my guests,” he said with a deep, calm voice.
“Good evening, Lord Valamar. My name is Crystal,” Crystal said to him, holding out her hand for a handshake.
Valamar stared at her for a moment, and then, instead of shaking her hand, he gently grabbed it, lifted it to his lips, and kissed the top of her hand tenderly. If this “god” noticed that she became uncomfortable from this, he did not acknowledge it.
Valamar removed his lips from her hand and said, “Lovely to meet you, Miss Crystal. Quincy has already informed me of your grandfather. Interesting fellow, I can hardly believe he has such a beautiful granddaughter.”
Crystal felt her face burn with embarrassment, and clearly Valamar noticed, because he chuckled. Blaze then interrupted by clearing his throat. Loudly.
Valamar turned his attention to the interruption and, with a slightly irked expression, said, “I am sorry, who are you?”
“Blaze,” the prince quickly blurted out.
Crystal froze up, but she relaxed when Valamar did not seem to recognize his name. “He was hired to be my bodyguard. My grandfather is a little over-protective.” She then gave a nervous, but very fake laugh.
“Well then, I welcome you both to my humble home,” replied Valamar. Crystal thanked Caris that Valamar didn’t notice Blaze snicker at the “humble” comment. Valamar then continued, “What is it I can do for you this evening?”
“My grandfather has recently heard of something that you purchased. It was a large red gem that a shopkeeper found outside of town,” Crystal explained.
“Ah yes, It intrigued me so much, so I felt I just had to have it. I cannot understand why,” the nobleman replied.
An uneasy feeling brewed inside of Crystal’s gut. She knew well that it was the shard’s dark aura that drew Valamar to it, and she now knew that it would be even more difficult to get him to relinquish it.
“Well, it just so happens that my grandfather lost that gem whenever he left Ordale several months ago, and he sent me back to retrieve it once he heard you had claimed it,” Crystal lied.
Valamar paused and stared into Crystal’s eyes with so much intensity that it made her want to shudder.  “With all due respect, darling, why would I just give up something I paid an incredible amount of money for?”
Crystal did not like being referred to with a pet name, but she hid her contempt and replied, “Because it is a very dangerous artifact.”
“Dangerous?” Valamar asked curiously. He began to stroke his chin with interest.
“I am afraid so,” Crystal regretfully responded. “My grandfather was attacked by thieves outside of the city, and though he got away unharmed, he dropped the artifact. Unfortunately, by the time he realized it was missing, he had already made it home. It has a dark spell on it, and I fear that if you hold onto it, you will become very ill and possibly die. It is the duty of the elders to ensure you are not harmed.”
Valamar thought for a moment, and then said, “I am sorry, my dear, but I spent far too much money on the gem to just give it away so easily. I regret to say this, but your grandfather needs to be less careless.”
“But Sir—” Crystal began, but she was interrupted.
“However, I may change my mind for a small favor from you,” Valamar said with a coy smile.
His smile made Crystal nervous and she was a little afraid to know what he meant, but she asked anyway, “What kind of favor?”
“I would be honored, Miss Crystal, if you would have dinner with me this evening,” replied Valamar, who grabbed her hand and kissed it again.
Crystal stood frozen in place with her mouth agape. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Blaze turn around, walk to the corner of the room, and try to cover a laugh with his hand.
“I-I . . .” was all she could respond.
“If you go out with me this evening, the gem is yours. You can bring it back to your grandfather and there will be no harm done,” Valamar said.
Crystal tensed up, then asked, “I only have to do it once?”
“Just once,” Valamar replied smoothly. “Then on my honor, you may have the gem.”
Crystal stood silent for a few minutes. The only sound was coming from Blaze’s muffled laughter. Eventually, she realized that it was the only way to get the shard, so she reluctantly stammered out, “A-all right, I’ll have dinner with you.”



CHAPTER 10

BLAZE WAS STILL LAUGHING when he and Crystal approached Gavril and Thaddeus at the front gates of Ordale. Before Crystal could explain why Blaze was laughing, Gavril interrupted her.
“We already know what Valamar said. Thaddeus saw everything through Blaze’s eyes,” the former General told her. He then glared at Blaze when he laughed again.
“I cannot believe he thought he could buy me like that!” Crystal fumed.
“I know. It disgusts me too. I honestly wish you hadn’t agreed to this,” Gavril replied.
“It’s the only way to get the shard. I had no choice,” Crystal regretfully admitted.
Just as Blaze managed to stop laughing, the twins, Kerali, and Sigurd showed up.
“What happened at the estate?” asked Kerali.  Everyone was silent except for Blaze, who burst into laughter yet again.
“What the bloody hell are you laughing at, whelp?” Sigurd scolded him.
“He . . . said he will only give me the shard if I . . . have dinner with him,” muttered a red-faced Crystal. Blaze suddenly turned away and laughed even harder. Taryn let out a muffled laugh as well, but stopped when Maryn slapped the back of his head.
“Stop laughing you fool!” Sigurd bellowed at Blaze, which made several startled bystanders stop and stare at him.
Blaze then turned back to the rebels and tried to calm down while everyone glared at him, particularly Gavril.
“What happened after you agreed to have dinner with Valamar?” Thaddeus asked Crystal.
“I told him that Blaze and I were going to rent each a room at the inn and that I would return afterward. He then told me that he would have an outfit waiting for me when I return and that once I was dressed, we would leave to go to the restaurant in town,” she responded.
“Well you should get going before Valamar gets suspicious. We will follow you to make sure you are all right,” Gavril said. Then he turned to Blaze and said, “You on the other hand will sneak into the mansion and wait for her to return.”
“Why me?” Blaze asked.
“Because I said so,” Gavril retorted coldly.

“You’ve returned!” Valamar said elated. Crystal walked through the front door of the mansion after Quincy let her in again.
“Let’s just get this over with,” was all Crystal felt like saying to him.
“Now, don’t worry. I promise you will have a grand time tonight,” replied Valamar. “Now follow Quincy to the guest room so you may change into the outfit I picked out for you. I know it will look spectacular on you!”
Crystal groaned and followed the butler to a bedroom on the ground floor. Once inside Crystal saw a glamorous, emerald green dress lying on the bed. She closed the door behind her, walked over to the bed, and examined it. The dress was long-sleeved with silver trim. The bottom was wide and billowy and the fabric was made of soft velvet. Crystal also spotted a pair of tiny, lace shoes on the floor, but she decided to just wear her boots. After all, the dress would cover her shoes, so it wasn’t like anyone would notice.
After undressing and struggling to slip into the large dress, she heard a knock at the door.
“Just a moment!” she called.
“I am the maid, Milady. Lord Valamar asked me to help you get dressed,” a woman’s voice called from behind the door.
Before Crystal could say, “I’m not dressed,” the door opened and a petite, dark-haired woman walked in and closed the door behind her.
“I see you need my help after all. Let me help you get that on properly,” the maid said.
After half an hour of buttoning, lacing, and tying, the maid not only got the dress on Crystal, but she also used a ribbon and hair pin to fix Crystal’s hair in a loose, twisted style over her right shoulder. Her wavy brown hair dangled over her pale skin and the green ribbon dangled underneath her hair. The maid even dabbed a little face powder and lipstick onto Crystal’s face.
Just when Crystal was beginning to wish she didn't have to wear makeup, the maid unhooked her pendant.
Crystal turned and snatched the pendant from the startled maid's hands, then snapped, “What do you think you're doing?”
The tiny woman took a frightened step back with the pendant still in her hand. “I am sorry, Ma’am, but Lord Valamar insisted that you not wear the pendant. He said it didn’t match your dress. I promise it will be well taken care of.”
“I don’t care what Valamar said. I'm wearing it,” Crystal spat.
“Oh please ma’am! He said he’d throw me out on the street if I didn’t make you look perfect!” the maid begged.
Crystal sighed. Even though she couldn't hope to control her magic energy without the pendant, she didn’t want to be responsible for throwing an innocent woman out on the streets, especially Ordale’s thug-littered streets. She then thought of the group of perverts she walked by earlier and shuddered to think of what would happen if this poor girl happened to walk by them.
“Fine,” she muttered as she handed the necklace to the maid. The maid thanked her and placed her pendant on top of her other clothes.
“Lord Valamar was right,” the maid said, taking a step back to admire her handiwork, “The color of the dress matches your eyes beautifully!”
Crystal was even more uncomfortable by the thought of Valamar starting into her eyes, but she brushed it off and assured herself that this would only last for one night and then she could leave with the Gaull shard.
When Crystal walked into the foyer all dolled up, she was not happy to see that Valamar was already waiting for her, and she was even less happy when he exclaimed, “You look gorgeous!”
Her face grew hot again. She hated this kind of attention, but for the sake of the shard, she tried to hide it by muttering, “Thank you.”
Valamar himself wore a dress coat that was the same color as Crystal’s dress, which nearly made her gag, a ruffled white collar, white gloves, white dress slacks, and black dress boots. He held out his hand to her, which she hesitantly took. With his other hand, he then gave her a fan to hold onto.
Crystal figured that she could use the fan for hiding her face out of shame, so she took it without question. Valamar then held out his elbow towards her and she looked at him with a puzzled expression. Noticing her confusion, he instructed her to lock onto his arm with hers, and she reluctantly complied. As soon as Quincy placed a dark cape onto Valamar’s soldiers, the aristocrat led her outside to the awaiting carriage, but not before she caught a glimpse of Blaze staring at her and trying to hide a grin from behind a rose bush.

The ride in the carriage seemed to take forever. Every inch of the street was covered in people who saw Valamar with a lovely new girl. They all whispered to each other wondering who the girl was, and several envious women gave Crystal dirty looks as the carriage passed. As she had planned to do, she used the fan that Valamar gave her to hide her face when too many people stared at her, but all that did was make people want to look more, it seemed.
Crystal caught sight of Gavril hiding in an alleyway. When he saw how well she was dressed, he stared at her and raised an eyebrow, but stopped and smiled amusingly when she stared daggers back at him. She then hid her face from Valamar with her fan and pointed to her neck to show Gavril that her pendant was gone. Gavril’s face suddenly hardened and he mouthed to her, “Be careful!”
Crystal nodded and moved her fan before Valamar noticed. She then saw Gavril turn around and the carriage moved far enough in time for her to catch a glimpse of Kerali, who had to take a second look at her to be sure he was looking at the right girl.
During the ride, she also saw Maryn and Taryn sneaking around on a rooftop; Taryn of course stopped to stare at her as well, so Maryn had to grab the collar of his shirt to shock him back to reality and continued moving. Even Sigurd, who blended into a crowd by a merchant cart, stopped to take a second look. Crystal decided then and there that she had never felt more like eye candy than she cared for in a lifetime that evening.
Valamar must have noticed she was looking around a lot, because he suddenly said, “Looking for a familiar face?”
Crystal quickly tried to think of something to say, and all she could come up with was, “I just . . . I noticed a bunch of people looking at us.”
Valamar straightened up proudly and replied, “Yes, I am very well known in this city, specifically to the female population. Every time I take a lovely lady out to dinner, everyone starts talking about it. Since no one has ever seen you, they are probably wondering where I found such a goddess.”
Crystal tried to keep from rolling her eyes and it seemed to work because Valamar either didn’t notice her annoyance or he didn’t care. He kept waving and blowing kisses to everyone as he passed. Girls were swooning and giggling, and Crystal was glad she hadn’t eaten yet, because she began to feel like she would vomit.
The carriage finally arrived at the restaurant that Crystal had walked by with Blaze earlier. It was late at night, so the dinner crowd was beginning to die down. Once she smelled the aroma of baked chicken and pork roast, Crystal began to realize how hungry she was. The carriage stopped right in front of the glass double doors and the driver stepped down, walked around to Crystal’s side of the carriage, and held out his hand to help her down. Even though she could have gotten down herself, she didn’t feel like arguing, so she accepted his hand and he helped her down.
Valamar had stepped down already and walked over to Crystal as soon as she stepped down. He held out his arm for her again, and she groaned silently and took it.
“This is the finest restaurant in Cierith, darling.” Valamar said.
Valamar led her to the double doors where two valets opened the doors for them. They were then led to a separate area from the restaurant where a lone table sat in the middle. Crystal was thankful that there were walls around the area for privacy. The room was much more decorated than the rest of the place, but once Crystal sat down, she found solace in the fact that not many people could see her where she sat.
“I am a regular customer, so I have my own separate room on reserve for when I dine here,” explained Valamar.
“That’s nice,” Crystal muttered. She was mostly being sarcastic, but Valamar took it as a compliment.
“Thank you my dear,” he replied with a coy smile. “Order anything you like.”
Crystal ordered a full plate of pork roast with bread and potatoes and ate almost every bit of it. She could see that Valamar was surprised at her appetite, but she had hoped he would be. Anything that would make him less attracted to her would make the night go much faster.

After dinner, Valamar brought Crystal back to his estate. As she walked through the front door, she turned to him and said, “All right, now where is the shard?”
Valamar chuckled and replied, “No need to rush off so quickly!  How would you like to join me in my parlor for a little while?”
“I would rather not,” Crystal replied sharply. “I need to get to bed so I can leave tomorrow morning. Can you please give me the shard?”
“I will give you the shard if you come to my parlor,” Valamar responded.
Crystal sighed and muttered, “Very well, then.”
She then followed Valamar to his study and as he stopped to open the door, Crystal caught a glimpse of Blaze peeking around the corner of the corridor. Before Valamar saw, she gestured for him to get back behind the corner, and luckily, he moved back in time to avoid being seen.
“This way, my dear,” Valamar said after getting the door open. He held a hand gesturing for her to enter first, and even though his oddly calm demeanor made her nervous, she stepped inside.
Valamar then closed the door behind them.  “Please, love, make yourself at home.”
Crystal saw a lit fireplace and sat in a small chair near it and sat down. She was getting more and more annoyed with the fact that every time she sat down, the bottom of her dress would puff up and she would have to keep flattening the fabric to get comfortable.
Valamar strolled over to a counter in front of a glass canister and pulled a bottle of wine out of an ice bucket. As he set two glasses on the table, Crystal said, “I don’t drink. I’ll just take a glass of water.”
Valamar stopped what he was doing and asked, “Are you sure? It is the best wine you will taste by far!”
“I’m positive. Just water, please,” she quickly responded.
Valamar mumbled under his breath and poured her a glass of water. Crystal didn’t really care if he got mad; she wanted the night to be over with anyway.
Valamar returned with his own glass of wine and Crystal’s glass of water. After handing her the drink, he took a seat in the chair next to hers. For what seemed like ages, they sat in uncomfortable silence and tended to their drinks. Crystal drank her entire glass in one gulp, which amused Valamar.
“I must say, Crystal,” he said smoothly, “you are unlike any other woman I have encountered.”
Crystal didn’t know whether he meant that as a compliment or if he had lost interest in her. She prayed to Caris that it was the latter. “I'm no one special.”
Valamar smiled, which made Crystal feel on edge.  He then said to her, “I have taken many women to dinner and have taken quite a few to my bedroom as well.” At this point, Crystal felt sick to her stomach again. “However, you are without a doubt the most beautiful and unique woman I have had the pleasure of meeting, and I cannot help but want to pursue you more. Every other woman I have courted considered themselves the luckiest girl alive to be seen on my arm, but you have refused all of my advances tonight. I showered you with riches and no matter what I did, you remained completely uninterested. It drives me mad that you are playing so hard-to-get!”
Crystal’s heart was pounding in her ears. She didn’t know what to say. She was even more uneasy when Valamar got up from his chair and leaned over hers with each of her hands resting on the armrests of her chair.
“What are you doing?” she asked, sinking into the chair cushions.
Valamar then moved closer to where he was inches from her face and whispered seductively, “Marry me, Crystal.”
“NO!” Crystal yelled. She then pushed him away from her chair and marched toward the door.  Without looking back at him, she angrily asked, “Where is the shard? I will be leaving after you give it to me!”
Without warning, Crystal was pushed to the floor and Valamar landed on top of her, pinning her to the ground. He turned her around so that she faced him and he tried to push his lips onto hers, but she moved her face away in time. She then tried to bring her arms up to slap him, but he grabbed both of her wrists and held them in place. He wouldn't let her move an inch as he then tried to force her legs open with his.
“GET OFF OF ME!” She screamed as loud as she could.
Valamar laughed aloud and then mockingly said, “Don't try and fight it. No woman refuses Victor Valama—”
Before the nobleman could finish his sentence, he was suddenly hoisted in the air above Crystal. Upon hearing her screams, Blaze rushed into the room, pulled Valamar off of her, and threw his hardest punch into the wealthy man’s face, knocking him out cold. She struggled to her feet to see the aftermath of the assault, and Blaze offered a hand to help her to her feet. He then turned to Valamar, who now lay unconscious and sprawled out on the floor, and spit on his coat.
When Blaze was satisfied, he barked, “Son of a bitch!”
When Blaze turned to face Crystal, she embraced him and buried her face into his shirt, and cried, “Thank you!”
Blaze, a bit surprised by her reaction, didn’t hug her back, but muttered, “You’re welcome.”
Crystal let go and looked up at him, trying to control her flow of tears and whispered, “Let’s go find the shard before he wakes up.”
“Good idea. I’ve got your things in a bag outside, but I think you may want to put this on now,” he replied.  He dangled her pendant in front of her face, which she grabbed and hurriedly put on.
Just then, a few guards ran into the room, but before they could blink, Crystal sprayed a mist at them and put them to sleep.
“Leave one awake next time. We can make him bring us to the shard,” said Blaze.
“All right,” replied Crystal.
Eventually, Blaze grabbed a guard and, while holding the knife from his boot to the petrified man’s throat, made the guard bring them to the art collection room where the shard was kept on a shelf.  Once Blaze grabbed the shard, Crystal cast the sleeping spell on the guard. Before leaving, however, Crystal crept into one of the spare bedrooms and changed out of the dress and into her robe.

“If anyone utters a WORD about the dress, I will turn them into a toad!” yelled Crystal, walking past her friends with her face pointed towards the ground and her hair dangling in front of it.
Gavril stared at her in disbelief. “Dress? Valamar tried to force himself onto you and you’re worried about us making fun of the dress?”
“I’m fine! I don’t want to hear another word about it!” Crystal replied. As she marched forward, she kept her head facing downward and walked toward the front gate of the city.
“Why is she hiding her face?” asked Maryn.
“She still has the makeup on,” Blaze said.
They then saw Crystal stop by a fountain, scoop up some water, and furiously scrub her face. Gavril then took a step closer to Blaze.
Gavril then took a step closer to Blaze. “Did you get the shard?”
Blaze reached into his jacket and once Gavril saw part of the red gem, he whispered urgently, “Wait, keep it hidden.”
Gavril held a cloth up to Blaze who grabbed it with his free hand and covered the shard with it. Gavril then held out his hand and Blaze placed the cloth-covered shard into his hand. Gavril then placed the shard in a supply bag that Sigurd carefully guarded.
“You did well,” was all Gavril said to Blaze.
Blaze looked back at the General and muttered, “Uh . . . thank you.”



CHAPTER 11

A MONTH WENT BY with no news on another Eye of Gaull shard. Crystal, however, pointed out that the rebels were in possession of one, and so as long as they had it, Bogdan could not use the Eye of Gaull.  Therefore, the rebels were not as agitated that they could not find any others. Even though he still thought Crystal was too optimistic about the whole situation, he couldn’t help but feel comforted by the things she said.
Blaze knew that his father, who he now got used to referring to as “Bogdan” rather than “Father,” would cover every inch of the land looking for that shard, but even he had to admit that Crystal was right.  Not to mention, after everything that has happened, Blaze didn’t think Bogdan would have an easy time getting the shard or if he would get his hands on it at all.
The air outside was becoming much warmer as mid-spring approached, and so Blaze decided to go to the training ground on a particularly pleasant day. He walked onto the ground and immediately saw Gavril training a group of rebels in swordplay. As soon as Gavril saw Blaze, his face hardened.
“Don’t stop on my account,” Blaze said to him.
“Actually I could use a volunteer. Would you mind?” Gavril responded.
Blaze didn’t think Gavril was going to make this easy, but he still nodded and asked, “What do you want me to do?”
“I have a few new recruits joining me today, and I wanted to give a little demonstration on swordsmanship. I needed an opponent to do so.” Gavril then turned to the rebels and said, “Everyone, you all know Prince Blaze, right? You know, son of the man who stole your lives and freedom away?” Gavril then patted Blaze on the back. Neither Blaze nor Gavril looked at each other and both bore an obviously fake smile.
“Cute, General,” Blaze remarked.
Gavril ignored Blaze’s comment and announced, “I am going to demonstrate a disarming technique with Blaze here.”
Gavril then lifted his sword to Blaze. The prince then unsheathed his sword and held it out the same way.
“Now, Blaze, now charge at me with all you’ve got,” Gavril instructed.
Blaze hesitated, but then Gavril nodded reassuringly, so he obeyed and charged at the general.  However, Gavril used his sword to block Blaze’s. The Prince then swung his sword from the opposite direction, but the general blocked it easily. Gavril then counterattacked by striking at Blaze’s sword just in the right spot to knock it out of his hand.
The rebels clapped as Gavril straightened up and faced them. “That is how you disarm an opponent.  You must catch them off guard—”
“—and then use their own strength against them.”
Everyone turned to see Crystal leaning against the wall watching them. She smiled and then said, “That’s what you always taught me.”
“Here you see my very first student, who uses my techniques with a short sword to block attacks,” Gavril said proudly.
Blaze looked at Gavril and asked, “Are you done making me look like a jackass now?”
“Sure, Blaze,” Gavril responded. “Thank you for your time.”
After rolling his eyes, Blaze then picked up his sword, placed it back into its sheath, and walked off, mumbling furiously under his breath. Crystal approached him and grabbed his arm.
“Hey, are you all right?” she asked.
Blaze moved his arm to release her grip. Even though he wanted to yell, he found himself calmly saying, “I’m just tired of that bastard always treating me like scum.”
Crystal sighed and replied, “I’m sorry, Blaze. I will talk to Gavril about that later. It’s just that he has this deep grudge against Bogdan.”
“I'm not Bogdan, and it's high time he realizes that,” Blaze blurted out.
“Look, Gavril is a great man. It’s just that he has a bad habit of holding grudges. He lost so much to Bogdan’s cruelty, and from what I understand, it went back to before the invasion,” Crystal explained. She then started walking and beckoned for him to follow.
He started walking and replied, “What do you mean?”
“Well, you see, my father first met Gavril when he found him injured and floating on a raft down the river that runs from Daldussa,” Crystal said.
Blaze then remembered the night that Gavril told the story at the inn, and muttered, “He’s mentioned that.”
“Well, he’s never told anyone who did it to him or anything else about the events leading up to it. Whenever anyone talks about Bogdan, he gets upset, defensive, and sometimes leaves the room. A couple of years ago, I finally convinced Gavril to talk to me about his past, even though it wasn’t much. He confided in me a secret of his that he never told anyone else; he told me that Bogdan murdered the woman he loved and made him watch,” Crystal explained.
“Who was she?” Blaze asked.
“I never found out her name or what kind of person she was, but I have a strong feeling that her murder and his being found on the raft are connected. I sometimes catch him looking out at the ocean too, and he has the same look on his face when he told me about his lover, so I have a feeling that it must have something to do with her. She must have been the world to him . . .” stated Crystal.
“I never thought the general had it in him to actually have a lover. He’s always so damned serious,” Blaze remarked.
“He’s hard to get to know sometimes, but deep down he's very kind. Anyway, after my father found Gavril floating down the river, he brought him back to the castle in Cartigo and my mother healed his wounds. After Gavril recovered, he joined my father’s army and eventually became general. All the while, he and my father became best friends. Even though my father never found out about what happened to him before he found him, he never pushed Gavril to talk about it. He did, however, assure Gavril that he would listen when he was ready to confide in him. When Gavril and I both watched my parents die at the hands of Bogdan, he vowed to bring them justice,” Crystal explained.
Blaze stopped walking and said, “You watched them die?”
Crystal stopped too and muttered, “Yes, when I was only eight years old.” When she saw his puzzled expression, she added, “It happened in the throne room. My mother brought me out of my bedroom and brought me in there to meet my father. He and Gavril were ordering soldiers to different posts, and I remember my father embracing us both when he saw us. The castle was surrounded by Daldussan soldiers and there was no way of leaving, so my father instructed Gavril to hide with me behind a large mirror that covered a secret compartment for that specific purpose.  
“At first, he told my mother to hide too, but she insisted upon staying with him. Gavril and I hid behind the mirror, which turned out to be a one-way mirror, so we could see everything in the room even though no one could see us. I remember the exact moment when the doors to the throne room flew open and Bogdan walked in.
“My father agreed to surrender if Bogdan just left his family alone, but Bogdan just laughed, claiming that it didn’t matter if my father surrendered because he had already defeated him. He then heartlessly plunged his sword straight through my father’s chest, and when my mother screamed and tried to embrace him as he fell, Bogdan grabbed her and stabbed her as well.”
At this point, Crystal began wiping away tears that soaked her cheeks. Blaze just stood there awkwardly, unsure of how to respond.
Once Crystal took a moment to compose herself, she continued, “After witnessing the murders of his closest friends on top of the murder of his lover, Gavril vowed to protect me with his life,” Crystal finished.
Blaze sighed. He felt uneasy sitting there while Crystal poured her heart out onto him. He then saw a stone bench and gestured for her to sit, and he did the same.
Once Crystal was seated, she cleared her throat and said, “Can I ask you something?”
“Go ahead,” he said.
“We all know who your father is, but what about your mother?” she asked gently.
“What about her?” Blaze asked.
“Where is she?”
“Buried in the ground near the castle in Daldussa. She died when I was a baby,” replied Blaze.
“Oh . . . I’m sorry,” Crystal muttered gently. “Well, what do you know about her?”
“Like what?”
“I don’t know . . . how about we start with her name?” Crystal responded.
After a short pause, Blaze muttered, “Althea.”
“What a beautiful name! What was she like?”
“I have no idea. Like I said, I was a baby when she died,” Blaze replied.
“Well I just thought someone must have told you about her. How did she die?”
“Fa—I mean Bogdan told me she got really sick after I was born and died a few months later,” Blaze said.
“Oh, that’s so sad . . .”
“It doesn’t matter. She’s gone now and not coming back,” retorted Blaze.
Crystal stared at him and said, “How can you say that? She was your mother!”
“There's no point in feeling sad for someone I never knew. All I know is what I just told you, her name, that I like just like her, and how she died. I don’t know what she was like or who she was at all. If she’s anything like Bogdan, maybe that’s a good thing,” Blaze muttered. He then rose and walked off without another word.
Crystal was grateful that Blaze finally decided to open up for a change, but she still felt like there was more to him that he didn’t want to show. She wondered why he was never told anything about his mother other than what he had told her.
Crystal was still wondering about it all when Kerali suddenly came running towards her and shouted, “Another shard has been spotted!”



CHAPTER 12

“THE SHARD IS IN TYPHOON CANYON,” Kerali explained everyone in the meeting room. He and his troop of elves, which of course included his fiancée, Breuvial, had returned from the northern territory between the hideout and Cartigo. Crystal and all of her friends were sitting in the room with her and they all exchanged worried glances.
“You mean the same canyon that is home to hundreds of criminals who escaped justice, including murderers, rapists. and thieves?” asked Gavril.
“The very same, I’m afraid,” responded Breuvial.
“What’s even worse is that these regularly violent criminals are beginning to act even more violent than usual. When we first heard of that, we suspected that a shard was involved, and we then confirmed this when we heard that a nearby village was raided by a group of thieves recently, one of whom was seen holding a dark red gem,” explained Kerali.
“The dark aura from the Eye of Gaull must be making them more aggressive. That is certainly not good news for us,” Thaddeus stated, stroking his beard.
“We will have to be very careful when we go there.  Who knows what kind of trouble we will run into,” Crystal said.
“I agree,” Gavril chimed in.
“What are your orders, Crystal?” asked Kerali.
Crystal looked down at her feet and pondered the situation carefully. Everyone remained completely silent while she thought, and then she finally broke the silence by saying, “Let us get several teams together. I believe I have a plan.”

Crystal decided that she and several other rebels would travel into Typhoon Canyon and a few separate groups of rebels would wait in the neighboring villages to protect the residents in case there was another raid. The group that actually ventured into the valley would be smaller so they would not attract a lot of attention, but more rebels would wait just at the top of either side of the canyon walls to protect their flank.
The main group would consist of Crystal, Gavril, Blaze, and Sigurd. Kerali would wait with the elves on one side of the canyon and shoot arrows at anyone who tried to jump the main group, and Maryn and Taryn would sit with the halflings on the other side and be ready to throw knives or darts if necessary.
Typhoon Valley, as they had discovered, was well over half a mile wide and ten miles long, and Gavril worried that the groups at the top of the canyon would not be able to see them or help them every minute they ventured through the area. However, Thaddeus came up with an idea to remedy such a situation if it were to occur.
Just as they had done in Ordale, Thaddeus agreed to stay further behind so that he could see the group through Blaze’s eyes and warn everyone if there was danger. Everyone agreed with him and the elves assured Thaddeus that they would sit by him once he entered his trance and would be ready to act the second he sensed danger.
The opening of Typhoon Canyon was in a very arid and rocky area a ways north of the hideout. The dried up canyon opened and traveled northwest for roughly ten miles. Crystal and the rest of the main group approached the opening of the canyon, which sloped downward from ground level and then stayed level for many miles. By the time the four of them had reached the deepest part of the canyon by late morning, the canyon walls were over eight stories high.
“This canyon has a lot of ground to cover,” Sigurd stated after observing how wide apart the canyon walls were. “How are we to find the shard with only the four of us?”
“The shard emits an aura that draws humans towards it,” Gavril explained. “All we have to do is let ourselves be drawn to the shard and we will find it.”
“I don’t feel the presence yet, though, so it must be further into the canyon,” replied Crystal.
Blaze then halted in his tracks and said, “Everyone stand still.”
The other three all stopped walking and turned around to face him.
“What is it?” Crystal asked him.
“I thought I heard something,” Blaze responded, turning his head around to find the source of the noise he heard. He looked in Crystal’s direction and grabbed the sheath of his sword. Before he could act, however, Crystal heard a cry of pain from behind her and turned in time to see a man in a hooded cloak collapse behind her with an Elvish arrow plunged into his back.
“You’ve got good ears, Blaze!” exclaimed Crystal.
“Good thing the elves have good eyes as well,” Gavril added. He then turned to Crystal and asked, “Are you all right?”
“Yes, I’m fine. He didn’t lay a hand on me.  I’m mostly just a little shocked,” Crystal replied.
“We'd better be more careful. We don’t want to speak too loudly again and draw more attention to ourselves,” stated Sigurd.
By early afternoon, the group had traveled a little more than halfway across the canyon, and they finally began to feel the shard’s presence.
“It’s definitely a shard,” Gavril stated. “I fear that if the aura is this strong, we will have more dangerous criminals to deal with here.”
“I am afraid you may be right,” said Crystal.
“Either way, I won’t hesitate to kill anyone who gives us trouble,” Blaze stated.
“Just don’t be reckless, Blaze,” Gavril pleaded.
In another hour or so, and after fighting off a few more criminals, Crystal spotted a group of huts off to the side of the canyon against a cliff. They walked over and stopped about twenty feet before the nearest one.
“The presence is strong here, so maybe we should check inside,” she stated.
“I agree, but we need to approach cautiously. You three cover me as I peek inside,” Gavril said.
Gavril walked slowly into the first hut with his sword drawn. Crystal stayed right behind him with her hand on the hilt of her short sword and Blaze and Sigurd faced the other direction to keep the other two from being flanked. Gavril concluded that the hut was empty, and the other three he checked were also empty.
“Damn! I was sure we’d find it here!” Gavril spit in frustration.
“I still feel the presence though, so it can’t be far,” Crystal assured.
Without warning, Gavril faced Crystal and in a split second lunged toward her and pulled her to the ground. Crystal then heard a loud thunk and looked up to see a large dagger stuck in the wooden door frame of the hut. It was still wobbling after hitting the wood and judging from the angle, it would most likely have nailed Crystal right in the head if Gavril had not pulled her out of the way.
After uttering a quick “thanks” to Gavril, Crystal got to her feet and prepared to fight off the person who threw the knife. Blaze and Sigurd already had their weapons out and were facing a group of seven angry-looking criminals. One particularly aggressive-looking thug had a Gaull shard strapped to his belt.
“The shard!” cried Crystal.
“You mean this?” the thug asked, pointing to the spot on his belt. The half dozen criminals that surrounded him laughed. “I don’t blame anyone for coveting this pretty gem. It has given me strength beyond belief. No one can stand in our way as we pillage more loot than ever!”
“You don't know what that gem is capable of,” Crystal warned. “You need to give it to us before it gets you into trouble.”
The thieves burst into laughter and the leader stepped forward and said, “And I suppose you know how to use it, beautiful?”
Crystal groaned with disgust.
“Be careful,” Gavril whispered. “He doesn’t look like he will be a pushover like the others.” 
“Looks that way,” Crystal whispered back.
“We are the Seven Storms, the most feared thieves in Cierith,” the leader declared. “You stand no chance against us.”
With that, the thieves charged toward the rebels.  Blaze and Sigurd charged forward and Gavril began to follow close behind. Crystal stayed a ways behind and cast several spells from afar, wounding one of the thieves. Blaze then sliced through the thief and killed him. Blaze and Crystal then began to fight each another thief. After slicing another thief’s knife out of his hand, Sigurd managed to defeat the thief by landing his axe into his shoulder. The thief then bled out in seconds after hitting the dirt.
Gavril, on the other hand, was being overwhelmed by the two remaining thieves and the leader while his friends were distracted. It didn’t take long for Gavril to lose his grip on his sword and fall to the ground helplessly. The leader stood above him with a possessed look on his face and attempted to drive his knife down upon the unarmed general.
The knife was soon blasted out of the leader’s hand with a fire ball delivered by Crystal. She had defeated her second opponent just in time to disarm the leader and send his dagger flying fifteen feet away. He cried in pain as the fireball burned through his glove and finally managed to rip it off. He furiously patted it and his burning hand into the dirt until the fire went out.
The two other thieves tried to attack Gavril, but Sigurd and Blaze blocked them off and engaged them in battle. Gavril shot a thankful look at Crystal and rushed over to his sword, which was lying several yards away.
Blaze had lost his grip on his sword after his enormous foe knocked him to the ground, but he managed to retrieve his hidden dagger from his boot and he sliced the large thief’s leg open. The brute fell to the ground and Blaze managed to get on top of him and stab him in the throat.
Crystal had just cast an electric spell on the thief that Sigurd was fighting, when the leader of the thieves suddenly lunged at her and shouted, “You burned my hand, you bitch!”
At that moment, no one realized what happened until everyone, even the leader of the thieves, had fallen still out of shock. The leader had charged toward Crystal after retrieving his dagger and attempted to stab her while her back was turned.  However, before the leader could reach Crystal, Blaze stepped in the way. The prince stood before the leader of the thieves with the dagger plunged into his left side, and everyone stood in horror as he dropped to the ground, bleeding heavily.

Blaze’s vision began to leave him and his body was covered in cold sweat. The sharp, intense pain in his ribs was suddenly being pushed on to stop the bleeding. It made the pain worse, and even though Blaze couldn’t hear it, he knew he let out a cry of pain. He could barely make out Crystal’s cries above his own.
“Blaze! Hold on!” he heard her cry. All sounds he heard were muffled, but he could still hear the desperation in her voice. He then heard who he thought was the thief leader yell and then heard something hit the ground hard.
Blaze then heard Gavril say, “The leader’s dead! Sigurd, grab the shard from his belt! Quick! Wrap this around him!” He then felt some kind of cloth behind wrapped tightly around him, and even though the pain grew, he no longer had the energy to cry out. It was soon, however, that Blaze’s body grew numb.
He then barely heard the dwarf shouting to someone, “We need help! The bloke’s hurt!”
The sounds around him were becoming more and more inaudible. The last thing he heard before blacking out was Crystal crying and Gavril muttering, “What was he thinking?”



CHAPTER 13

WHEN BLAZE FIRST AWOKE, he thought he was dead. His whole body felt numb and when he first opened his eyes, he could not see anything but black. It was when he heard Crystal’s voice that he knew he was alive.
“Blaze, You’re awake. Thank Caris,” she cried.
He felt a hand touch his forehead and his eyes were starting to adjust enough to see Crystal’s figure. He could see that he was in his room at the rebel hideout. Though his mouth was parched from thirst, he managed to mutter in a weak voice, “What happened?”
Crystal sniffed and wiped her face. Even though he couldn’t see her face well enough yet, he didn’t have to in order to be able to tell she had been crying. She worriedly uttered, “You saved my life, but you almost killed yourself.”
Blaze’s eyes were nearly focused again, and he could see that his torso was bandaged up. When he tried to sit up, he felt a sharp pain in his left side. Crystal put her hand on his chest and said, “Don’t move a lot. Your injury is still bad.”
“Just how bad is it?” Blaze asked hazily.
“Fortunately, the thief leader’s dagger only grazed your side, so even though the cut was deep, we were able to stop the bleeding long enough to get you stitched up and bandaged. Gavril wrapped his cloak around you and help arrived with a cart and a horse to carry you back to the hideout,” Crystal explained. “You lost a lot of blood, though, and you’ve been unconscious for two days. I am just so thankful you're all right.”
“Honestly, I didn’t think I would be,” Blaze muttered.
Crystal wiped another tear away from her face and asked, “Why did you do it?”
Blaze offered her a puzzled expression. “What do you mean?”
“Why did you jump in front of me?” Crystal asked. “You could have easily been killed and yet you never hesitated.”
“I . . . don’t really know. I wasn’t thinking about what I was doing,” Blaze replied.
Crystal smiled. “Thank you. I regret to admit that I never thought you would do such a thing, but I just want you to know that I will try to repay you for what you’ve done. I owe you my life.”
Blaze shook his head, and replied, “Forget about it.”
Crystal didn't respond, but she leaned closer to him and lightly kissed his cheek. Blaze was taken aback by the gesture, and when Crystal pulled away from him, her expression fell. “I . . . I'm sorry! I should go.”
Before Blaze could protest, Crystal stood and darted out of the room before she closed the door behind her.
The former Prince lifted his hand and lightly touched the spot on his cheek where Crystal kissed him. Four months earlier, he would have laughed at her, but now he actually felt better. He wished that she hadn’t left, and he didn’t know why.
He was still wondering what the meaning it all was by the time he fell asleep again.

For the rest of the day, several people went in and out of Blaze’s room. The medics changed his bandages every two hours, and not long after Crystal left, they brought a small bowl of soup to try to get Blaze to eat. Every time he was left alone again, he soon fell back asleep. The pain was still intense, but he was feeling somewhat better and was even able to sit up on his own after the medics showed him how to put light pressure on the wound to lessen the pain.
Blaze continued to drift in and out of sleep for the rest of the day. He awoke sometime in the evening, judging by the window in his room, to the sound of his door opening and closing again. With his eyes still closed, Blaze groggily muttered, “How many times are you going to change my bandages? I need to sleep.”
“I am not here to change your bandages, Blaze.”
Even before he opened his eyes, Blaze knew that the person who spoke was Gavril. He opened his eyes and saw the ex-general standing by the door with his arms folded and his usual stone expression.
Blaze sighed and allowed his heavy head to plop onto his pillow. “What did I do now?”
“A very brave and noble deed,” replied Gavril. He then crossed the room, grabbed the chair from the corner, set in down next to Blaze’s bed, and sat down.
“What are you talking about?” asked Blaze with an annoyed tone.
“You saved Crystal’s life when I failed to, Blaze,” replied Gavril. “I have spent the past few days feeling like I let her down. I felt like I let her father down. I finally summoned up the will to come down here, and now all I can say is . . . thank you, Blaze.”
Blaze didn't respond, for he was far too shocked and tired to come up with a reply.
“I seriously misjudged you,” Gavril continued. “You must care a lot for Crystal to do such a thing.”
“What makes you think I care for her?” Blaze asked.
“Well, there is only one reason that a man would sacrifice himself to save a woman,” Gavril stated.
“What might that be?” Blaze pressed.
Gavril shrugged his shoulders. “Because he values her life more than his own.”
Blaze laughed, much to Gavril’s surprise and retorted, “Look, old man, I wasn’t thinking straight. I was unarmed reacted without thinking. It was a momentary lapse of judgment that almost got me killed.”
Gavril didn’t push the subject further. “Well then, I suppose you want to rest.”
Just when Gavril was about to get up from his seat, Thaddeus entered the room. The old mage appeared to be startled, and said, “Oh, I am sorry, did I interrupt?”
“Not at all,” replied Gavril. “Oh, good, I see you’ve finished the tonic.”
Blaze then saw that Thaddeus was holding a small bottle with green liquid inside. “The what?”
“I’ve been preparing a special tonic for you, Blaze,” Thaddeus replied, holding up the bottle. “It will make your wound heal much faster. Here you are then, drink up.” Thaddeus then approached Blaze’s bed and held out the bottle.
After slowly sitting up, and wincing from the pain, Blaze held out his hand and hesitantly accepted the bottle from the old mage. He then removed the cork and took a slight sniff with his nose. He jerked back after the strong scent of the tonic made the inside of his nose burn slightly. “It’s . . . strong.”
“Yes, I apologize. It’s a work in progress, but I assure you it will work well enough. Once I can figure out a few more things, I will be able to make more tonics in the future that are less overwhelming in smell,” Thaddeus explained. “Go on then, drink up.”
Blaze hesitated again, but eventually took a quick swallow. The liquid felt cool as it traveled down his throat and became warm as it entered his stomach. After allowing the taste to settle, Blaze said, “This actually isn't that bad. What’s in this tonic?”
As Blaze started drinking again, Thaddeus said, “Well, I had to send for a few herbs from the City of Magi, but there were some that grow here in the mountains that I used. I also used a few I grow myself, like the sap of a special Elvish flower, spice root . . .” Thaddeus explained. He then paused for a moment and added, “Oh, and fairy excrement!” 
As soon as Thaddeus had uttered the last few words, Blaze spit the liquid in his mouth across the room. Thaddeus cackled loudly as Blaze gagged and wiped his tongue on his bed sheets while Gavril shook his head and buried his face in his hand.
“Relax lad! It was just a little joke!” assured Thaddeus as he walked towards the door. The old man then stopped at the doorway, turned around, and added, “Oh, and I am sure it will please you to know that Crystal helped me make the tonic.”
“What do you mean?” asked Blaze, trying to hide his temper.
“Well, considering you jumped in front of a knife for her . . .” the mage replied, trailing off at the end.
“Why does everyone assume that I have feelings for Crystal?” asked Blaze, no longer hiding how annoyed he was.
“I never said that, Blaze,” replied Thaddeus, “you did.”
Before Blaze could respond, the old mage began laughing again and left the room. Gavril tried in vain to hold back a laugh. Blaze gave him a cold look, which made him clear his throat and try to stop again.
“Sorry Blaze,” Gavril said. “Thaddeus has . . . an odd sense of humor.” He then choked back yet another laugh.
Blaze lay back down and muttered, “Senile old codger.”
“Thaddeus means well,” Gavril assured, “and he only plays his silly jokes on people he likes. If the rest of the rebels come to trust you as Thaddeus does, then that tracking mark will no longer have to burden you. I can assure you that you have gained my trust as well, and if I can learn to trust you, everyone else here can.” He then rose from the chair and added, “Well, I will let you sleep now. By tomorrow, you should be able to at least get out of bed and stretch your legs. Just finish drinking the potion so you can recover quicker.”
Once Gavril left the room, Blaze realized how tired he was again. Despite this, his thoughts were in a confused mess. Even he knew that his lapse-of-judgment-and-won’t-happen-again theory was about as true as Bogdan was a saint, but he couldn’t understand why he did what he did. Could the others have been right?
All Blaze knew was that he desperately needed a pint of ale.

Gavril wasn’t kidding when he said Blaze would be able to get out of bed by the next day. In fact, Blaze was well enough to walk around the hideout almost normally, aside from the fact that moving his left arm too much made him feel sore. He didn’t even need to wear bandages anymore because the gash in his side was already almost sealed up. Even his ribs, which he was told were broken and cracked in some places by the impact, seemed to have healed already. Even so, Thaddeus advised him against training for about a week.
Blaze’s clothes had also been covered in blood, so Gavril had given him another shirt to wear. This one had long sleeves and was cream white in color, and Blaze wore it with his usual trousers and boots.
Even though Blaze had nothing to do, he was just happy to have a chance to get out of bed. He exercised his legs by walking around the hideout, but he was not just doing it for fun. He still could not grasp the reason for why he jumped in front of the knife for Crystal, and he needed to talk her not only about that, but also about why she kissed his cheek.
By the time night fell, it seemed like Crystal had vanished from the face of the earth. Blaze checked everywhere, and no one had seen her in hours. When he finally became fed up with asking everyone, Blaze decided to look on his own, but after crossing the hideout back and forth four times, he still couldn’t find her.
It was when he leaned his head back to moan in frustration that he noticed something silhouetted against the moon. It was a cliff that he did not remember seeing before, and on top of it lay an enormous white tree. On one of the branches, Blaze could see what looked like a person sitting upright.
Blaze decided that since he checked everywhere else, he might as well give this new area a shot. He ventured in the direction of the cliff, all the while checking frequently to make sure that the figure he saw was still there, and eventually found a path that led uphill towards the cliff. It was hidden behind a warehouse that he had checked inside several times, but obviously he missed the path before. He began to walk upward, never taking his eyes off of the tree.
As he came closer to his destination, he could see that the white on the tree was made up of thousands of flowers that decorated it. The night wind blew stray petals that lightly brushed across his face and danced around his feet. Finally, Blaze’s suspicions were confirmed when he was close enough to identify the figure as Crystal. She must have heard him approach, because she turned her head and faced him.
“What are you doing here?” she asked.
“I should ask you the same question,” replied Blaze, stopping a few feet before her. “Being a loner isn’t your style.”
Crystal turned around, dropped to the ground from the tree branch, and landed on her feet. She then walked to the edge of the cliff. From where he was standing, Blaze could see more of the Dwarven Mountains in the distance and what looked like the ocean several miles beyond them.
The wind began blowing Crystal’s hair behind her, which took Blaze’s focus away from the scenery. He couldn’t help but take a few steps forward, but even though he was intrigued, something in the back of his mind made him keep his distance.
“I come here every now and then when I feel sad or lonely,” Crystal said without facing Blaze. “My parents used to have an enormous white tree like this one in the castle gardens, and my mother would often read to me while I sat on my father’s lap on a bench underneath the tree. Coming here makes me feel like they are still around, and it comforts me.”
“Why would you feel alone? You have no reason to,” replied Blaze.
Crystal turned around and said, “What are you talking about?”
“You have all of Cierith following you the end. You have friends out the ass who worship you, and I must have been thanked for saving you by every rebel in this damned hideout at least twice since this morning, so they obviously highly regard you. The only reason I ever got that kind of respect was because they were too afraid of what Bogdan would do if they didn't. If anything, I should be the one who—” Blaze suddenly stopped and trailed off.
Crystal’s faced softened and she suddenly walked toward him. His head was telling him to back away, but something else that was unknown to him was urging him to step forward. Caught in a struggle between the two forces, Blaze’s feet remained planted firmly to the ground.
Crystal then wrapped her arms around Blaze and held him. The first time she had done this in Ordale, Blaze felt too proud to return the gesture, but this time, he found embracing her back. Even though he did it hesitantly, he could tell that Crystal appreciated the gesture, because she held him tighter when he did it.
“No matter who you are or however happy you may be, everyone feels lonely at some point,” Crystal whispered into his shirt. She then released her hold on Blaze, looked up at him, and said, “Sometimes, you just need to know someone is there for you.”
Unsure of how to respond, Blaze silently stepped back and leaned against the tree trunk. His chest hurt, though he didn’t understand why. Then he remembered that he wanted to ask Crystal about the kiss, so he used that as an excuse to change the subject.
“By the way,” he began, “I wanted to ask you why you kissed my cheek yesterday?” His face suddenly grew hot with embarrassment, but then he saw Crystal’s face turn red in unison and she suddenly looked away.
“I’m so sorry!” she stammered, “I really don’t know what came over me!”
“Don’t worry about it. I was just curious, it didn’t bother me,” Blaze replied quickly, trying to calm her down. He then turned away from the tree to hide his embarrassment.
“Well I guess I wasn’t really thinking,” said Crystal. “I just wanted to thank you, and for some reason, that was the best way I could think of.”
Blaze turned back around to see her leaning against the tree trunk and staring at the ground. He suddenly had an amused look form on his face as he said, “Funny, I suppose we aren’t so different after all. I impulsively save your life, and you impulsively thank me by kissing me.”
Crystal gave out a little laugh. Blaze found himself staring at her smile and in a way, it made him feel better knowing that he put it on her face.
“I guess you’re right, Blaze,” she muttered. Crystal then looked right at him, and even though he felt like a weirdo when he was staring at her, he still didn’t look away. Before he knew it, his feet were moving, carrying him closer to her. Even when he felt he could control his movements, he still didn’t stop. The unknown force that opposed the feelings in his head seemed to have won control over his body.
When Blaze’s face was finally inches from Crystal’s, he stopped momentarily after placing his hand gently on her waist and whispered, “But for future reference, I would have preferred this.”
When he saw that Crystal’s puzzled expression soften and she stayed her ground, Blaze tenderly cupped her face with his free hand, leaned closer, and without any further hesitation, met her lips with his.
For a split second that seemed like hours, he could hear his heartbeat ringing in his ears. His head screamed obscenities as it tried to understand what he was doing. His mind, along with the rest of his body, relaxed when he felt Crystal’s lips move with his and her arms wrap around his waist.
When their lips finally parted, they stared at each other silently until Crystal finally whispered, “I’ll remember that.”



CHAPTER 14

VALAMAR’S STUDY GLOWED as the embers coming from the lit hearth danced around and illuminated the shadows. Since the early afternoon, Valamar tried to distract himself by reading several books, but he did not get past the first sentence of either one he picked up. His blood was boiling even hotter than the fireplace with anger and humiliation over the events that occurred over a month before. Not only had he been robbed of one of his most valuable possessions, but the woman he desired had been stolen as well.
Crystal was truly the most beautiful creature Valamar had ever laid eyes on, and with his promiscuous lifestyle, to say that was more than a compliment. He was desirable to every woman in Ordale, yet the one woman he wanted more than any other rejected him without a second thought. Never had a woman refused his advances before, and when faced with the fact that he wasn’t going to get what he wanted, he lost all control and attacked her. He had Crystal all to himself, and his heart raced when he thought of that moment when he lay on top of her and had her at his mercy.
Then he had to interfere!
Most of Valamar’s anger lay with Crystal’s mysterious companion, Blaze. Had he not been there, Valamar would have had Crystal all alone that night and she wouldn't have escaped. Instead, for an entire week, he sat with an enormous bruise on his cheekbone from where that insolent brute had punched him.
“If this leaves a permanent mark, I will personally send him to the gallows,” Valamar had yelled after regaining consciousness and learning what happened. His beautiful face had been damaged, and he did not dare show it to the public. For a week, after that night, he stayed locked up in his mansion, giving orders to bounty hunters to bring Crystal back to him unharmed and alive and also to bring back Blaze so that he may stand trial for robbery. After all, Valamar was well-connected and he knew that no matter what Blaze or Crystal claimed, no judge in Ordale would believe their story over his.
A knock at the door broke Valamar’s thoughts, and his head snapped in its direction.
“What?” he barked.
The door opened slowly and Quincy nervously stepped through the doorway and said, “My Lord, a soldier from Cartigo has delivered a letter for you.” The butler then held up an envelope.
“Cartigo? Who is it from?” Valamar pressed.
“I do not know, my Lord. I was instructed that it was for your eyes only. The soldier asked me to bring it straight to you and return to him with your reply once you have read it,” replied Quincy. He then approached Valamar, handed him the envelope, which had ‘Lord Victor Valamar’ written neatly on the front, and stepped out of the room, closing the door tightly behind him.
As soon as Quincy left, Valamar set his book on the small table next to him and flipped the envelope face down to open it. Immediately after spotting the dark red and gray Daldussa royal seal sticking the paper together, Valamar knew that it was from King Bogdan. He tore the envelope flap open with a nervous finger and pulled the paper out. The letter read:

Lord Victor Valamar,
I request your presence at my castle in Cartigo immediately to discuss an important matter with you in person. I have arranged for my soldiers to accompany you by carriage.  Failure to comply will result in your immediate and permanent imprisonment.  I shall await your arrival.

His Royal Majesty
King Bogdan Dracnov

Valamar sunk into his chair and let the paper fall from his hand and fall gently to the floor. He couldn’t possibly imagine what the king could have wanted with him, but it must have been something quite important if the king threatened to have him arrested if he didn’t go. All these unanswered questions on top of being robbed by Blaze were beginning to take their toll on Valamar. It seemed, of course, that Valamar had no choice but to comply with the king’s orders. He rose from his seat and approached his window, which faced the front gate of his property.
As the King had promised in his letter, several Daldussan soldiers waited with a carriage on the other side of the gate. It seemed he would have to leave sooner than he thought, just as it was also quite apparent that the king did not like to wait.
Valamar picked up the letter, folded it, and left his study. Quincy waited just outside the door and straightened up as soon as Valamar emerged.
“I have been summoned to the castle in Cartigo, so I will be gone for a few days, Quincy. Tell the soldiers I will come down to meet them as soon as I am packed,” he ordered the steward.
“Yes, my Lord,” Quincy responded with a bow. He then turned and walked away, leaving Valamar alone.

Once Valamar had packed his trunk, he walked down to the awaiting carriage and was on his way to the Cartigo only an hour after reading the King’s letter. The journey was a bore to the wealthy man, even though he brought plenty of reading material. The carriage made no stops on the way to the castle, and so much to his annoyance, Valamar was forced to sleep in the carriage without bathing or so much as being able to check a mirror to see if he was decent enough for the public to view.
As soon as he arrived in Cartigo, the carriage brought him all the way to the drawbridge of the castle. After it stopped, Valamar emerged from the carriage, which felt very cramped after being stuffed inside it for a day and a half, and was greeted by two castle guards.
“His Majesty wishes to see you immediately, Lord Valamar,” one of them said.
“Already?” Valamar muttered. When neither of the guards remarked back, Valamar kept quiet. They then told him to follow them and he obediently trailed behind them into the castle.
After the carriage driver assured Valamar that his luggage would be moved to his guest room, Valamar felt a little better knowing that he would not be stuck in a measly inn. He was a little curious to see how much better the castle interior was than his own manor, and walking inside the front doors, his heart nearly stopped.
The walls were made of light gray polished stone that were covered in rich, dark red tapestries and the floor was polished marble that was covered in matching rugs. What had once been the home of the royal family of Cierith was now covered in Daldussan culture.  In the foyer, which was twice as big as his the one in his own manor, a gorgeous, crystal chandelier dangled from the high ceiling.
The ceiling was high enough to show the second story that wrapped around the room and led to other rooms. The second story was connected to the ground level by a grand staircase in the middle of the room directly across from the front doors and as the guards led Valamar up the stairs, his shaking hand gently brushed along the intricate designs in the railing of the staircase.
After reaching the top of the stairs, the guards led Valamar to the left. They then turned the corner and walked down the side path and took the first corridor on the right. Further down, the corridor made another sharp turn to the right, and Valamar saw stained glass windows that had a view of the surrounding forest and some mountains beyond that. From what he had heard, he concluded to himself that those were the very mountains that the Daldussans snuck through to invade Cierith.
About halfway down this corridor, the guards stopped and faced another set of double doors. The stood on each a side and opened the doors at the same time. Valamar stepped inside to see an enormous library with a roaring hearth which was once again, bigger and nicer than his own. It was when he looked at the fireplace that he was greeted by a large man who he could only assume was King Bogdan.
The King was a rather large man who beamed from ear to ear when he saw Valamar approach. “Welcome, Lord Valamar! So glad you could come on such short notice!”
Valamar’s eyes were instantly drawn to the hideous scar across the king’s left eye and it didn’t take him long to see that the same eye was milky white from blindness while his right eye was onyx black. Well past middle-age, the king’s black hair was starting to become gray in some areas. He also had rugged sideburns, which Valamar considered to be hideous, paired with a patch of chin hair. The king’s rough and coarse look sharply contrasted Valamar’s charming and well-groomed appearance.
Valamar tried his best to ignore the king’s brutish appearance out of fear of losing his head, dared to approach him, and then bowed before him. The king told him to rise and then Valamar asked, “You wished to speak with me, Majesty?”
“Indeed, I did.” Bogdan replied, “This is a very important matter that must be discussed in private. I hope that my library will be comfortable enough.  Please have a seat.”
The King then gestured to an armchair in the middle of the room. Valamar did as he was told and sat down in one of the armchairs while Bogdan took a seat in another chair directly across from him.
“I must say, you are not what I expected,” the King said.
“I beg your pardon, Majesty?” Valamar asked.
“For someone with your vast wealth, I expected you to be much older. You do not look any older than thirty-five,” Bogdan responded.
Valamar smiled smugly and responded, “I just turned thirty-two in the early spring. I inherited my fortune from my father who passed several years ago. The Valamar family has been quite wealthy for many  generations.”
“I see,” Bogdan muttered. “I myself will be fifty soon. Amazing, isn’t it? Half a century old, and yet I have not accomplished all that I could have. Yes, I have conquered another kingdom, but I am an ambitious man, and there are things that I desire that most men would not dare to pursue.”
Valamar became slightly uneasy by the King’s strangely calm demeanor when speaking of such things, but he brushed it off. Then Bogdan gestured to a silver tray next to him and asked, “Would you like a drink?”
An unopened bottle of brandy, a bucket of ice, and two empty glasses sat on the tray. The expensive liquor tempted Valamar and he began to grow thirsty.
“I would, thank you,” Valamar replied with a dry mouth.
Bogdan then fixed two drinks, one for each of them, and after handing Valamar one of the glasses, the king relaxed and sunk into his chair.
“Now then,” Bogdan began, “I am certain that you are still wondering why I have summoned you all the way to Cartigo, correct?”
“I am,” replied Valamar, who barely removed the glass from his lips in between sips of the delicious liquor.
Bogdan had taken a sip of his own when Valamar was speaking, and he then took a break and said, “For starters, I understand that you have recently met a young man by the name of Blaze?”
The sound of his name made Valamar straighten up and fiercely grip the arm rests of his chair. His entire body shook with anger, at which point Bogdan bellowed with laughter.
“I figured that would set you off,” Bogdan said, “Then I am positive that you remember a young woman named Crystal?”
Valamar’s lips trembled as he muttered with gritted teeth, “He. Took. Her. From. Me!”
The King laughed again and replied, “Worry not, Lord Valamar. Those two have been thorns in my side for quite some time, so I can understand your anger.  You see, Blaze is actually my son.”
Valamar’s demeanor became calmer and steadier.  He then muttered, “You mean . . . he’s the Prince?”
Bogdan shifted in his chair and replied, “Yes.  However, Blaze has turned traitor by joining a rebel group bent on overthrowing me, and the rebels are led by none other than Crystal.”
Valamar’s eyes widened with shock and he muttered, “She told me she was from the City of Magi.”
“My good man, you didn’t actually think after the events that occurred at your residence that she had been truthful?” Bogdan asked amusingly. He then added, “She has kept her true identity a secret for some time, but I have discovered her dark secret . . .”
“True identity?”
“You see,” Bogdan continued. “I have an informant with the rebels who has told me something interesting. That, of course, is how I heard of the incident at your estate. I believe that you will be interested in this as well: ‘Crystal’ is not her real name.”
“It isn’t?” Valamar asked in disbelief.
Bogdan shook his head. “I suppose I should have known she was using an alias, but imagine my shock when I discovered her true name.”
Valamar suddenly became more intrigued than before. He leaned forward in his seat and asked the king, “What is her real name, then?”
“My, my, eager aren’t we?” Bogdan mused. “I think it would be best to show you a little something first.”
Bogdan then rose from his seat and beckoned Valamar to do the same. Once Valamar obeyed, Bogdan approached a tall, rectangular object off to the side of the room that was covered in a black cloth. Because of its shape, Valamar assumed it was a large mirror or a painting, but he knew he would see soon enough.
Bogdan stood on the side of the mysterious object and said, “When I took over the castle, I removed many of the things belonging to the original royal family and put them in a storage room. I had this family portrait brought in here to show you. However, I want to share a little secret with you before I do.”
“A secret?”
Bogdan nodded. “You have heard the story of how the royal family was killed during the invasion, correct?” Valamar nodded, and so Bogdan added, “Well I have recently discovered that one member of the family survived and is still alive to this day.”
Valamar raised an eyebrow and asked, “How did you discover this?”
“Well, my informant with the rebels told me that Princess Amelia, the only child of the King and Queen, escaped from her fate and is hiding amongst the rebels. They have been protecting her for all of these years, but it will all be in vain once my current plans to crush the rebellion are complete,” explained Bogdan.
“What does the Princess have to do with Cry—” Valamar suddenly stopped himself once he realized the answer to his own question.
Bogdan burst into laughter. “Now you’re getting it!” He then grabbed the black cloth covering the painting with both hands and said, “Feast your eyes on Princess Amelia Atteberry of Cierith!”
After Bogdan ripped the cloth off, Valamar’s eyes instantly fell onto the little girl in the portrait. She was standing next to a man in ornate armor and a cape who was seated on a throne, and a fair woman in a lovely blue gown was standing on the other side. Even in youth, the girl was all too familiar to Valamar. He instantly recognized her as the woman he desired more than anything.
He gazed at the green eyes that would never cease to enchant him and the only word that could escape his lips was, “Crystal . . .”
Bogdan laughed again and said, “Who would have thought the leader of the rebels, the woman who turned my own son against me, and the woman you covet is none other than the long lost princess of Cierith?”
“Who would have thought . . .” Valamar repeated absentmindedly.
Bogdan took a step closer to Valamar, who was still staring at the painting, and whispered, “I have a little proposition for you, Lord Valamar. If you help me by calling off your bounty on Blaze and the princess and send them to help lure the rebels into a trap, I will give you Amelia to be your wife. Because of her birthright, you will be royalty.”
Valamar’s expression suddenly changed. His lips curled into a sly grin and he held his head higher. He noticed Bogdan’s matching grin and deduced that this was the exact reaction he the king had hoped for. Valamar then muttered lustfully, “She will be my queen . . .”
“And you her King . . . her master,” Bogdan muttered back.  He then held out his hand for a shake and added, “So do we have a deal?”
Valamar eyed the king’s outstretched hand, and with another grin, he shook Bogdan’s hand and replied, “Only a complete fool would refuse.”



CHAPTER 15

CRYSTAL SPENT THE NEXT several weeks seeing Blaze in a whole new way. For the first time since she met him, she not only felt like he was finally willing to be her friend, but she also began to wonder if he wanted something more. Ever since he kissed her that night under the white tree, she couldn’t help but feel flushed when she saw him, and he seemed to be the same way. She would smile at him when she saw him, and when he noticed no one was looking, he would smile back.
Even though most people would think he was embarrassed to be seen smiling at her, Crystal laughed at the idea. He went from being a wicked and selfish prince to someone Crystal actually felt like she could trust. It was a good start, and sure, he still had plenty of room to grow, but Crystal felt that Blaze would become more open to everyone with time. She anticipated the time Blaze would become closer to her with enthusiasm and she even began to feel like she may be able to consider Blaze as more than a friend.
Despite her new found hope, something still did not stop Crystal’s nagging feeling that something was wrong. The rebels had not seen or heard anything about Bogdan or his soldiers in several months, and it was starting to seem odd. Several scouts looking for the last two shards came back to the hideout without any news not only about shards, but on any activity regarding Daldussa. Bogdan, it seemed, was inactive. Too inactive.
Crystal knew that Bogdan would never give up on this goal of his. She couldn’t help but feel like he was up to something beneath the shadows. She was also starting to worry that Bogdan may have already found the last two shards.
Crystal realized that Gavril shared her concerns, because he sat down with her one day and said, “Bogdan has to be planning something.” After he had just finished training, he sat on the ground in front of a crumbling wall, wiping his sweaty forehead with an old rag. He then continued, “If he were just looking for the shards like we are, we would have run into him by now. Ever since that incident with the first shard, we haven’t heard a peep out of Bogdan or anyone else from Daldussa. We now have two shards, after all, and so far, we only know of one that he has.”
Crystal sat on the ground beside Gavril. She held her legs up to her chest and said, “I know, and I fear he may have found the other two and may be planning an attack to gather the ones we have.”
Gavril gave her a concerned look and asked her, “You don’t think he knows where the hideout is, do you?”
“I don’t believe so. He would have attacked us by now if he did,” replied Crystal, who was looking forward at the rebels who were still training.
“That’s true, but we did drive off his troops at the City of Magi,” Gavril pointed out. “Maybe he knows not to attack directly. Then again, since you knew he was going to sneak in somehow, he could attack directly just to throw you off.”
“True, but attacking us directly just to make us think he has something else planned doesn’t really seem like something he would do. He knows we would prepare well for any kind of attack, so it seems like it would be a lazy effort on his part. Besides, how could he know where the hideout is anyway?” Crystal responded.
“I suppose you’re right,” replied Gavril.
“We will just have to keep our eyes peeled for any signs of trickery,” Crystal stated.
Gavril nodded in agreement and smiled. Crystal then stood up and after telling Gavril goodbye, she headed off.
For the rest of the afternoon, Crystal tried to get her mind off of her uneasiness, but to no avail. She sat under a tree near the training grounds and tried to read more of the books of holy magic. She even attempted a few of the spells, but unfortunately, she never got any closer to successfully casting holy magic than when Malcolm told her to do it before he died.
She was startled when she heard a voice behind her say, “Still reading those books?”
She recognized Blaze’s voice before she even turned to see him and she couldn’t help but feel upbeat by his presence. She turned around, smiled, and said, “Can’t I sit under any tree in this place without you finding me?”
Blaze grinned and muttered, “I'm afraid not.”
Crystal smiled again and was pleased to see that he was fully recovered. She turned back to her book.
Blaze soon sat beside her and peeked over her shoulder out of curiosity. When he saw the name of the chapter she had the tome opened to, he read the title aloud, “'Self-regeneration?'”
Crystal held the book up for him to see. “It’s a special healing spell driven by emotion. When a holy mage is gravely injured, a surge of emotion will give the strength back to their body so that they are fully recovered. It’s such a rare ability that it's only occurred a few times in history.”
“Can’t a holy mage just use a simple healing spell on themself?” Blaze asked.
“No, holy mages are sworn only to heal others. That's why only those who are truly selfless have the ability to use holy magic,” Crystal replied.
Blaze sighed, “You know, I’ve never believed in any of this ‘holy’ stuff, but after being through everything we've been through lately, I have to wonder if there is some holy goddess keeping us alive.”
Crystal looked up momentarily, and then at Blaze and muttered, “Us?”
Blaze blinked and replied, “Yeah, you know, all of us the rebels. I am considered one, right?”
Crystal turned away quick to hide her embarrassment and replied, “Of course! I just meant . . . um, I wasn’t actually sure you considered yourself to be one of us.”
“I guess I might as well be,” Blaze replied. “It’s not like I have any other place to call ‘home’ anymore.”
Crystal was just about to turn to face Blaze when she saw Taryn trotting towards her. He stopped just a few feet before them and stopped to catch his breath.
Crystal closed the book, set it aside, and asked, “Taryn, what’s wrong?”
“‘Nother . . . shard . . . in temple!” Taryn gasped out.
“Another shard?” Blaze asked.
“In a Caris temple,” Taryn added.
“A Caris temple? But the only Caris temple I can think of is—” Crystal had begun talking and then stopped.
“What is it?” asked Blaze.
Crystal looked at him nervously and finished, “The one I used to visit with me mother, which is only ten miles west of Cartigo.”
“So?” asked Blaze.
“So isn’t it a little risky to be traveling so close to Cartigo with Bogdan hunting us down? Also, don’t you find it odd that he hasn’t found that one yet?” Crystal asked him.
“I don’t know, but we need to go after that shard, remember?” Blaze replied.
Crystal turned to Taryn and asked him, “Did anyone actually see it?”
“We didn’t, but a couple of travelers passed through a town we were in and told us they saw it,” replied Taryn. “They said they got a bad feeling from it and left, so when we heard that, we came straight back here.”
Crystal’s gut feeling that made her guard rise up returned. Something about this story didn’t seem right.
“Well then let’s go before someone else finds it,” Blaze blurted out. After Crystal remained silent, Blaze then said, “Don’t you think we should? What’s wrong?”
“I don’t know about this. Something seems suspicious about this story . . .” Crystal muttered.
Taryn frowned and said, “Don’t you believe me?”
“Of course I do, Taryn. It’s not you I am worried about, it’s just the location of this shard,” replied Crystal.
“Oh, for a minute I thought you were calling me a liar. Well, I’ll let everyone else know about the shard.  Do you want me to tell everyone to meet up in the hall?” Taryn replied.
“Yes, go ahead,” replied Crystal. “I’ll be there in fifteen minutes.”
“Gotcha!” Taryn said, darting off.
“So what’s up with you?” asked Blaze.
“Nothing, I just . . . I guess I am just tired from reading all these books,” replied Crystal.
“Probably so,” Blaze said while rising to his feet.  He then held out a hand and said, “Come on, let’s get going to the meeting.”
Crystal gathered her books and took Blaze’s hand.  After he pulled her to her feet, she said, “All right, let’s go.”

After briefing everyone about the shard, Crystal set her usual team up. Gavril, Blaze, Thaddeus, Sigurd, Kerali, Maryn, and Taryn would all accompany her to the Caris temple. Though neither she nor Gavril were thrilled with the idea of traveling so close to Cartigo, they inevitably agreed that it had to be obtained before Bogdan could get it. After setting out, the team first traveled northwest toward Ordale and then turned northward after traveling about twenty-five miles. This way, they could avoid having to cross Typhoon Canyon.
For five days, the rebels traveled far north of Cierith. Thankfully summer had come, so there was no snow they had to navigate through as they did when they went to the City of Magi. It wasn’t until the team had reached the river that runs from Daldussa that they actually had to wear their cloaks.
Finally the ruins of the Caris temple came into view on the sixth day. The old building was set against the dark horizon that indicated it would begin pouring within an hour. The ruins were set on a tall, steep cliff set against the mountains that ran along the border between Cierith and Daldussa. Another river ran on the northwest foot of the cliff and into Dwyp, and as the team reached the top of the cliff, they could still barely hear the water trickling below.
The outer walls of the building were set right on the edge of the cliff, making it impossible to walk along the sides. The walls crumbled with age, and as the team ventured through the old, wooden doors of the temple, the smell of dust assaulted their nostrils.
The first thing everyone saw upon entering the temple was the altar built in front of a crumbling Caris statue and the Gaull shard sitting on top of it.
“There it is!” exclaimed Maryn.
Blaze then stepped toward the shard, but Gavril then said, “Blaze wait!”
Blaze stopped in his tracks and turned around and asked, “What is it?”
“Something isn’t right,” Gavril replied.
“What are you talking about? The shard is right there in front of us. Our job doesn’t get much easier than this,” replied Blaze.
“Exactly, Blaze,” Crystal replied. “This is too easy.”
“Look, I know Bogdan. If he knew about this shard, it would be at the castle, not sitting here in this decrepit place. He doesn’t waste time getting what he wants, so we can’t waste time either,” Blaze replied.  He then trotted up to the altar against the protests of the other rebels and grabbed the shard.
The second Blaze’s hand touched the gem, the front doors slammed shut behind the others. Sigurd and Gavril tried to open them by slamming into them several times, but they were sealed shut and would not budge. 
In the following moments, dozens of Daldussan soldiers came pouring out of various hiding places and pointed their weapons at the rebels. Crystal tried to shoot fire balls at the soldiers, but she was suddenly surrounded by a force field and none of her spells would work. She didn’t have to see Saitar standing a few feet from her to know that it was he who had trapped her. She then glanced at Thaddeus and saw the same force field around him as well. The two mages then watched helplessly as their friends were taken prisoner.
All except for Blaze.
“Wonderful job, Blaze,” said a voice from the shadows. Bogdan then walked towards Blaze and laughed.
“What?” Blaze asked, confused and in shock.
“You did a splendid job! Without your help, I never would have caught the rebels!” Bogdan said.
“What?” Gavril shouted.
“I never told you anything!” Blaze shouted at Bogdan. He then glanced frantically back and forth towards the rebels.
“Don’t be so modest, Blaze! It isn’t like you to not take credit for your work! Our plan to infiltrate the rebel base was a success! I never thought the rebels would be stupid enough to believe you, but they all fell for your little act!” Bogdan gloated.
“You liar! I had nothing to do with this and you know it!” Blaze screamed.
“I KNEW you couldn’t be trusted!” Sigurd yelled.  The dwarf then roared and charged at Blaze, but he was held back by several soldiers. He continued to yell as he was lifted up and his feet dangled above the ground.
“He’s lying!” Blaze yelled. He looked frantically at Crystal, but his heart sunk when he saw her face. He saw a look of complete and utter betrayal. A lone tear streaked down her cheek, and for a moment, the whole world seemed to stop before Blaze. The look she gave him absolutely killed him, and he wanted nothing more than to grab her, hold her and swear on his own life that he was innocent, but his words failed to escape his throat.
Bogdan then grabbed the shard from Blaze’s hand, but the Prince was still staring at Crystal and didn’t even notice.
“What about my part of the bargain?”
The rebels gasped when they saw Lord Valamar step from behind a group of soldiers and approached Crystal.
“Hello, Darling,” he said seductively to her. She then tried to back away, but the force field stopped her from moving more than a few inches.
“Ah yes, Lord Valamar.” Bogdan responded, “Because of your help, you are now free to marry Crystal, or should I say, Princess Amelia Atteberry.”
Suddenly, Crystal’s head snapped into Bogdan’s direction, who was smiling smugly and staring right at her. When he saw her shocked face, he howled with laughter.
“Yes, my dear, Blaze told me your little secret,” Bogdan said.
“Crystal please! You must believe me! I'm not the one who told him!” Blaze cried.
Crystal stared at him with nothing but an empty expression. “Then how could he have known?”
Blaze tried to speak, but all he could manage was, “I . . . I . . .”
Bogdan laughed again and said, “It’s time to leave with these fools. Saitar, transport Valamar and his fiancée back to the castle.”
“NO!” Gavril yelled. He then elbowed the soldier who held onto him in the face and charged toward Crystal with an outstretched hand to reach for her.  Blaze too charged forward to grab her, but they were both too late.
Saitar had grabbed hold of Valamar and Crystal and disappeared just as Gavril’s hand came within inches of the barrier. The force field surrounding Thaddeus disappeared after Saitar was gone but before he could cast a single spell, several soldiers disarmed him and tied his hands behind his back.
Enraged, Gavril then charged at Blaze and yelled, “You traitor!”
Blaze braced himself for the impact, but Gavril was still able to knock him to the floor and land on top of him. Blaze tried in vain to defend himself when he suddenly felt the weight lifting off of his body. He looked up to see Gavril being pulled away by a couple of soldiers and fighting them off. Blaze got to his feet and tried to reason with Gavril after he fought off the soldiers, but the General immediately charged at him again.
This time, instead falling to the ground again, Blaze felt glass breaking against his back. Blaze then realized that he was falling through the air and so was Gavril. He fell and fell for what seemed like an eternity and then he finally felt a sharp pain on the side of his body. He then realized he not only had fallen off of the cliff and into the river below, but he was also submerged under water.
Blaze struggled with all of his strength to find air, but the strong current of the dark river kept pulling him under as if an anchor was tied to his legs. He couldn’t breathe, and it was so dark that even though he could open his eyes, he could not see the surface. As his lungs burned, he could hear rain starting to pound onto the surface of the water, and so he tried to use his ears to find it. By some miracle, it seemed, something pulled Blaze to the surface.
However, just when Blaze gasped for air, something hard hit him in the face. He realized it was a fist when Gavril screamed, “I trusted you!” Another hit to his face, “We all trusted you!” Another hit, “I should have known you would never change!”
Gavril then somehow got onto land and dragged Blaze with him. He then started punching Blaze again, and even when he tried putting his hands up in self-defense, Gavril started punching his ribs and chest too. Every single hit caused Blaze immense pain, but Gavril stopped swinging once Blaze stopped struggling.
“Get up you piece of shit!” Gavril yelled. When Blaze still didn’t move, Gavril picked him up by the collar of his shirt and repeated, “Get up!”
“Just leave me alone! I didn’t do a damned thing, but apparently, my word will never be enough for you!” Blaze cried.
Gavril replied by punching Blaze yet again. He released his grip on Blaze and the prince fell hard to the ground. Blaze didn’t even bother to move. No one believed him. No one would ever believe him again. He had nowhere to go and no one to care about anymore, so even when he heard Gavril’s sword being removed from its sheath, he didn’t care about dying anymore.
Then why, he had to wonder, did he still have the will to live.
Blaze finally understood what that mysterious force that overpowered his mind was. It was one of those things that Crystal was always talking about. A heart . . .
Blaze was starting to actually feel like he had one after all. It was a shame that he could never share it, because now he stared death in the face, and frankly, he welcomed its sweet release. The seconds ticked by at an impossibly slow rate, and finally and without thinking, Blaze muttered, “Just do it, already.”
After that, he suddenly heard the sword being plunged into something, but he felt no pain. Did he die already? He knew his body couldn't be numb, because after all, he still felt the rain beating down on his face. He opened his eyes to see Gavril kneeling over him. The general had plunged his sword into the ground next to Blaze’s chest.
Blaze looked Gavril in the eyes and said, “Why the hesitation?”
Gavril pulled the sword out of the mud and stood up. Blaze's expression fell when he realized that the General had tears on his face. Even through the pouring rain, Blaze could see the anguish in his eyes.
When he realized that Blaze saw this, Gavril then turned around to face the other direction and called back to Blaze, “Get out of here. I never want to see you again.”
Blaze sat up and winced through the pain. “Gavril . . . please just listen . . .”
Gavril turned back to Blaze and yelled, “I said LEAVE! Leave before I change my mind! If I ever see you again, I'll kill you!”
Even though he had no idea why Gavril was letting him go, Blaze summoned all of his strength to stand up and then without another word, he ran.
For what seemed like hours, all Blaze could think about doing was running and even when his chest and his legs burned tremendously, he didn’t stop. Despite everything that had just happened, the one thing that caused him the most pain was the look he saw on Crystal’s face that was forever burned into his memory.
He finally stopped running and fell to his knees.  The image of her sadness and hurt felt like a stabbing pain in his chest. For a moment, he closed his eyes and faced the sky, allowing the pounding rain drench his face. He didn’t want her to remember him this way, the man she thought betrayed her. He didn’t want to ever leave her again, but rather, he wanted to find her, to hold her, and to protect her. Most of all, he wanted to stay with her . . . and to be with her.
As soon as the rain began to lighten up, Blaze looked ahead and saw what looked like a cave.  Hoping to find shelter from the rain, he rushed towards it and ventured inside. It was wet and chilly but he felt better now that he was out of the rain. He sat down on the hard stone ground and buried his face into his hands. Then, for the first time for as long as he could remember, he began to weep.
He couldn’t remember the last time he had any tears fall from his face, if he ever even had before. He didn’t know what he could possibly do to save Crystal, but all he knew was that he needed had to do something. He didn’t want to wait any longer, but Blaze knew that running around in the rain would get him nowhere, so he lay down and once he found a somewhat comfortable position, he prepared to rest for the night or until the rain stopped falling.
As he lay on the rocky floor, Blaze contemplated what he would do to get Crystal out of the castle.  Eventually though all he could think of was Crystal herself. He thought about the way he kissed her under the moonlight and how she was the first person to make him feel like he wasn’t alone. He finally realized that he wanted to kiss her again and again for many years to come.
Then, for the first time in his life, Blaze desperately prayed to Caris to give him the strength he needed to succeed before falling asleep on the hard cave floor.



CHAPTER 16

THE VISION OF THE RUINS disappeared before Crystal’s eyes with a flash of smoke and immediately afterward, the foyer of the Cierith castle surrounded her. The teleportation process made her quite dizzy, and even though she was able to keep her feet steady, she could not move in time to avoid Valamar’s grasp. As soon as they reappeared, Valamar wasted no time in grabbing Crystal by the arms from behind her so that she couldn’t get away.
“Let me go!” she yelled.
Valamar responded by bending her arms, locking them against her back, and clutching them even tighter. With a low, seductive laugh, Valamar playfully, yet lustfully muttered, “Got you.”
He then ran his fingers on his free hand softly from Crystal’s neck slowly down her chest, which made her skin crawl, and then suddenly grabbed her necklace off and yanked it off. “I’ll take this. Saitar told me about how this little thing controls your power, so I don’t think you’ll need it.”
Valamar dangled the pendant mockingly in front of her face, then tossed it to Saitar and said, “Store this away somewhere. Oh, and don’t forget this.” Valamar then untied Crystal’s belt, which had her blade sheathed on it, and threw it to the Elder as well.
“Very well,” replied Saitar, who then left the room through one of the side doors.
After he was gone, Valamar brushed his lips along Crystal’s bare neck and whispered, “Alone at last.  Only this time, there will be no interruptions . . .”
Crystal bent her leg and kicked Valamar in the shin, which made him release his grip on her and fall to the ground. Without her sword, Crystal couldn’t hope to fight him, and she would lose control of her energy if she tried to cast a spell, so the only option she had was to run like hell, and she took it.
As she ran towards the exit, she suddenly heard Valamar yell, “If you value the lives of your friends, I suggest you stop!” Crystal immediately stopped in her tracks, but did not turn around.
She heard Valamar stumble to his feet. He then continued, “It would be a shame if they were executed the minute they arrived because their leader fled without them. Go on and run if you want them to arrive with a noose waiting for each of them!”
Crystal stood shaking and clenching her fists.  Without turning around, she called back to him, “You bastard . . .”
Valamar laughed and replied, “Well you are too fussy to listen to me otherwise. When the King offered to use them to keep you under my thumb, I had no choice but to agree.”
Although she already knew the answer, Crystal sighed and asked, “What do you want from me?”
“I want you as my wife, of course,” Valamar replied. Crystal became nervous as she heard his steps coming towards her, and even more so when he continued talking, “You and I could have a glorious wedding here in the castle. I know you have certainly dreamed of it as a child, didn’t you, my princess?”
Crystal clenched her fists so tightly that she felt the skin of her palms start to tear. Valamar was so heartless it made her sick. She faced the floor as she heard Valamar’s footsteps stop right behind her.
“If you say yes at the altar, I swear on my wealth that your friends will live. If you refuse, they will be publicly executed . . .” Valamar paused, “. . . and I will make you watch.”
Before Crystal realized she was moving, she turned to face Valamar and swung her hand, slapping him across the face. He rubbed the red spot on his cheek with almost no emotion and then faced Crystal. He grabbed her by her arms again and pulled her towards him, stopping her to wear her face was only an inch from his. He was much taller than her, and so with his head tilted downwards to face her, he looked down into her eyes and said, “I will let that go this time, but defy me again and your friends will die!”
With that, he placed his hand on the back of her head and pulled her lips up to his. Crystal wanted to punch and kick and scream at him, but after what he just said, she was terrified of what would happen to her friends. The seconds felt like hours, and even though she didn’t think she could want to vomit any more than she already did, Valamar slipped his tongue into her mouth, making her have to furiously fight back tears. Just when she became overwhelmed with sickness and fear, Valamar pulled away, licking his lips and smiling.
Crystal’s legs buckled underneath her and she fell to her knees, wiping her mouth with her sleeves.  Valamar laughed under his breath and backed away.
“Even though it’s very hard to resist, I've made the decision to save the romance until our wedding night. It would seem you bring out the honest man in me. It’s awfully late, so I will have the guards bring you to your room. We can begin our wedding plans in the morning. Sweet dreams, my love,” he told her.
He then walked outside of the front door, and called a few guards over. Within a few minutes, two guards were walking on each a side of her and holding her arms by her sides. They led her to a guest bedroom on one of the top floors and after they shoved her inside, one of them locked the door from the outside.
There Crystal stood, all alone, in a big, lonely room. She saw the large canopy bed in the middle of the room and without hesitation, she rushed over, fell face first onto the blanket, and let all of her built up tears escape from her swollen eyes. She screamed into the pillow when her emotion built up too much, and she continued to wipe Valamar's putrid kiss off of her lips. 
Above all things there was one thing that hurt her the most. When she was able to take a break from crying, and with her face still buried into the blanket, she muttered, “Blaze, how could you?”

Blaze realized he had fallen asleep in the cave when he opened his eyes and early morning light was flooding the cave. The rain had stopped, and when Blaze turned around, he could see that the sun was barely under the line of the horizon. He rose to his feet and ventured outside in an attempt to determine his location. He didn’t pay much attention to where he was going the night before and as soon as he walked outside, even the approaching dawn didn’t shed light on his situation.
Nothing around Blaze seemed familiar, so he decided to climb up the cliff surrounding the cave to get a better view of the landscape. Once he reached the top, he was roughly three stories off of the ground. When he looked in what he assumed was the south, he saw what looked like a river in the distance.
Blaze concluded that this was most likely the river near the Caris shrine, he figured he must have run between half a mile and a mile north, judging by where the light from the sun was coming from.
Just when Blaze turned around to see if he could see any more, he suddenly heard voices and his heart sank when he saw three Daldussan soldiers coming out from behind a boulder further up the cliff, but thankfully facing the opposite direction.
“Shit!” Blaze instinctively, but very quietly cursed as he dropped to the ground behind another serious of rocks. He lay flat on his stomach, practically holding his breath while listening to the soldiers talk to each other.
“Dammit, we’ve looked in this area three times since before sunrise! Let’s just head back and tell the General he’s not here!” one of them complained.
“I won't do it. The General’s already miffed because the King made him look for the Prince and the other rebel that escaped all night, so we hardly need yet another earful from him,” another one replied.
“Orodan’s had his hands full since the Prince killed Perun. He'll have our heads if we don’t find Prince Blaze,” the third one cried.
Blaze’s heart sank. Bogdan had Crystal and the others imprisoned, so why worry about catching him now?
Following his thoughts, Blaze heard hurried footsteps coming up the cliff, and then one of the soldiers said, “Where have you two been?”
“We just came from the cave at the foot of this cliff.  We checked in and out, but no sign of Prince Blaze,” reported a man who Blaze assumed was another soldier. He then realized what amazing luck he had waking up when he did. If he had woken ten minutes later, he would be in chains already.
“Damn! We are so dead if we don’t find him!” cried one of the soldiers.
“You double checked the cave?”
“Yes, every inch!”
“I say we all check again and then split up and follow the foot of the cliff to see if he wandered off.”
With that, Blaze heard the footsteps leaving and as he poked his head above the rocks, he saw five Daldussan soldiers shuffling down the cliff. When they were out of sight and earshot, Blaze heaved an enormous sigh of relief followed by a nervous laugh.  He sat shaking for a few minutes and finally managed to get the feeling back in his legs, so he began to rise to his feet.
However, his heart nearly stopped when something grabbed his jacket and hoisted him off of the ground.  Once Blaze realized he was in midair, he turned around to see none other than Orodan holding him several feet off of the ground.
“Thought you could hide, could you, Prince?” the enormous general mocked in a deep, monstrous voice, “I’ve had to spend the entire night looking for you!”
“Why were you looking for me?” Blaze asked.
“That’s none of your business,” Orodan bellowed, bringing his free hand to Blaze’s neck.
“The hell it’s not!” Blaze yelled in a hoarse voice, “You know damned well I didn’t betray the rebels to Bogdan. Now how did he find out?”
Orodan laughed and replied, “Of course you did! He got all of his information from you!”
“That’s a lie!” Blaze yelled even louder. He attempted to reach for his sword, but Orodan grabbed it first, unsheathed it, and threw it aside. While Orodan bellowed with laughter, Blaze then kicked furiously in front of him, which hit the enormous general but unfortunately did nothing to hurt him.
Orodan continued to roar with laughter at Blaze’s feeble attempts to free himself, and he squeezed the prince’s neck tighter with every kick. Blaze was finally able to reach his boot and pull out the hidden dagger inside it. He stabbed Orodan’s arm with all of his strength.
“AAGGH! You son of a bitch,” Orodan roared. He then released his grip on Blaze who then tumbled to the dirt. Orodan pulled the knife out of his arm and threw it to the dirt away from Blaze. He then turned back to the Prince and said, “The King said to bring you in dead or alive, so I have no problem killing you here and dragging your corpse back to Cartigo.”  Without another word, Orodan then lunged at Blaze, gripped his neck again, and pinned him against the ground.
Unarmed and out of options, Blaze knew he had to think of something fast or else he would not live long enough to see Crystal again. He would never see her smile, hear her laugh, or look into her eyes again if he didn’t act quickly, and that was all he needed to think of in order to come up with an idea. Blaze reached his arm out to his side and searched frantically for something he could use, and within seconds, he found a fist-sized rock and readied it in a throwing position.
“HA!  You could not hurt me with your legs, so what makes you think that little pebble will hurt me?” Orodan roared.
“I’m . . . not . . . aiming for . . . you!” Blaze spat out. He then tossed the rock with all his might to the bottom of a huge, but visibly unstable pile of boulders.  The little rock was all it took to shake the boulders out of place, and they all began tumbling down hard. The distraction before they fell gave Blaze enough time to slip out of Orodan’s grip just in time, and the boulders piled on top of the massive general and buried him alive. Thick as his skin and muscles were, they were no match for the thousands of pounds of hard stone that crushed onto his body.
As the boulders lay still and the dust began to settle, Blaze coughed and hacked for air. Once he was able to breathe normally again, he heard low, but desperate cries coming from Orodan.
“Please . . . help,” the General hoarsely muttered.
Blaze stood in horror. As the dust settled, he could see the lower half of Orodan’s body had been crushed by the stones, yet the poor bastard was still alive.   “Please . . . kill me!”
Blaze couldn’t believe what he saw, and despite being taught to never show mercy in battle, he felt he had no choice but to show pity. However, he knew he had to get answers first. “Tell me how Bogdan found out about the rebels’ secrets, and I give you my word that I will kill you.”
“All . . . all right,” Orodan replied. Unable to look around and face Blaze, he pointed to his neck and muttered, “The mark.”
Blaze put his hand on the left side of his neck. “The tracking mark?”
“Yes. . . . Saitar . . . saw it . . . and placed a spell on it.  Anytime . . . the mage who put it on saw . . .  a vision of you . . . Saitar did too,” Orodan replied weakly.
Blaze then remembered the incident at the ruins where they found the first shard and how Saitar had grabbed his neck. He then concluded that that must have been when Saitar did it. He also realized then and there that this was how Bogdan knew about Valamar, because Thaddeus had had visions of that night. His heart then sank when he thought of how he had called Crystal “Princess” in the mansion, and realized that it was, in fact, his fault that they found out who she was.
“Kill me, please!” Orodan cried.
Blaze snapped back to reality. “Very well.”
Blaze then lifted his sword and plunged it straight through Orodan’s heart. The General then bled out and died within seconds.
Blaze fell to his knees again after removing his sword from Orodan’s chest. He felt so stupid for letting Saitar take control of him like that and vowed to never be reckless in battle again. At least now, he figured, he knew what was going on and hopefully could try to find Crystal now. He didn’t know how he would, however, if Saitar was seeing his every movement until he got close enough to the castle.
Suddenly, Blaze’s vision became very cloudy and he heard an echoing and booming voice in his head yelling, “BLAZE! I AM SORRY I DIDN’T BELIEVE YOU!”
Blaze instantly recognized it as Thaddeus’s voice.  The old mage must be far enough away to have seen the whole thing.
“I AM GOING TO PUT MYSELF UNDER A SPELL SO THAT I WILL FALL INTO A DEEP SLEEP, SO DON’T WORRY THAT SAITAR WILL SEE YOU!  JUST SAVE CRYSTAL, BLAZE, HURRY! VALAMAR PLANS TO MARRY HER DAY AFTER TOMORROW, SO YOU HAVE TO GET HER OUT OF HERE! GOOD LUCK!” Thaddeus’s voice boomed.
After that, the voice stopped and Blaze felt normal again. Just save Crystal kept lingering in his head, but Thaddeus didn’t need to tell him that for Blaze to know he had to do it. He then realized that he needed to move quickly, because if Saitar could tell the soldiers where he was, there was no doubt that the place would be crawling with them soon. Before he left, however, he shut Orodan’s eyelids and set up a smoke signal with some nearby flint rocks so that other soldiers could locate the General’s body and bury him.
It seemed that Crystal’s compassion had finally rubbed off on Blaze, and frankly, he didn’t really care if he seemed too soft anymore.
After looking up from the foot of the cliff and making sure that the smoke signal could be seen, Blaze headed off. Instead of heading straight east, however, he decided to move back towards the Caris shrine, pass it, and go back to the river, and follow it until he came near Cartigo. He would carefully venture around the land trying to avoid the eyes of the law and find a way to sneak into the castle.
Of course, even Blaze knew that this was going to be much easier said than done.

On the first day of his journey, Blaze made it back to the river, crossed it, and found his way to the other river. There were soldiers every now and then along the banks, but thankfully, the areas were covered with enough hills that he could navigate around them to avoid being seen. On occasion, he dared to sneak into the soldier camps to steal supplies, such as a cloak to cover his face and neck, a canteen with water, food, money, and a few knifes he figured would come in handy.
He traveled east along the river, and even though he was constantly exhausted, he only slept in areas he knew he wouldn’t be found, and he didn’t sleep for more than an hour or two at a time. On the second day, he figured he could cover more ground if he had a horse, so he traveled south a short distance to a village where he bought a horse with the money he stole from the soldiers. He somehow didn’t attract the attention of the soldiers nearby, and was even more thankful that the rancher who sold him the horse didn’t recognize him from the wanted posters that the soldiers had posted in the village. Blaze rode on his dark brown horse the rest of the day and once again slept only a few hours that night.
Blaze finally reached the edge of the forest around Cartigo by noon on the third day. After tying his horse near a small pond and giving him plenty of food, he set off towards the wooded area. Upon arriving, he crept around a canopy of trees and happened to catch eye of several soldiers patrolling the area.
Blaze assumed Saitar warned the soldiers of his arrival, so he began to carefully move to the side when his foot caught something metal on the ground.  Thinking at first that it was an old horseshoe, Blaze went to kick it off of his boot, when he realized that whatever it was, it was stuck in its place.
He bent down to examine the object and realized that it was not a horseshoe, but a handle that was attached to a small wooden door in the ground.  Overgrown roots and weeds covered up the little door, and after brushing it all off, Blaze pulled the handle and opened the door. Inside was a ladder that led straight down into a tunnel. Blaze wondered if it might lead to the castle, but then he remembered something Crystal told him: she and Gavril had escaped the castle ten years before through a tunnel that led just outside the forest.
He knew that Bogdan never found the tunnel, so he decided that this was the best way to sneak into the castle. He crawled inside and climbed down the ladder, quietly shutting the little door behind him, and once his feet were on the ground, he ventured forward into the unknown.
Thankfully, some holes in the ground let light escape into the tunnel so that Blaze could see where he was going. He walked and walked for a good while, and the further he went, the more soldiers he could hear above him. The tunnel continued forever, and curved and dipped downward or upward every now and then. He could hear rats squeaking and scurrying away from the sound of his boots splashing into small puddles of water.
Just when Blaze thought he would be navigating the tunnel all day, a small amount of sunlight shined on another ladder at the end of the tunnel. He grabbed onto it and climbed up to the ceiling where another small, wooden door lie, and barely lifted it.
Blaze slowly peeked through the crack and didn’t see or hear anyone, so he lifted the door all the way and came out of the tunnel. He realized he was in some kind of storage room, and there was a small window that sunlight escaped through. The room was small, and there were a few shelves with ceramic pots and a few brooms leaned against the wall. The little door he came through was covered with a rug and had fallen off when he lifted it, so just in case, he placed the rug back on top of it.
Blaze crept up to the door and pressed his ear against it. After hearing nothing on the other side, he opened a crack and peeked through it. He realized almost immediately that he was in a corridor on the ground floor near the kitchen, and also realized that the dungeon wasn’t far from there either. After making sure that no guards were around, he crept into the hallway and darted off in the direction of the dungeon.
Blaze sneaked around several corridors as he made his way to the east wing of the ground floor, and to his annoyance, there was a guard stationed right by the entrance to the dungeon. Dammit, he thought. He realized that he would have to get rid of him somehow, and then he had an idea.
When he raided the soldier camp, Blaze had found some poison throwing darts, and he had practiced with those after some halflings showed him how to do it, so he decided to give it a shot. When the guard looked in the opposite direction and exposed his neck, the rogue Prince swiftly flung his wrist and shot the guard in the jugular.
The guard dropped to the ground and died almost instantly, and so Blaze hurried up and dragged him into the dungeon door after unlocking it. He then closed the dungeon door, dressed himself in the guard’s armor, and carried the guard’s body to an empty cell, where he dropped the body down and left it.
Blaze then peeked through the bars of each cell, looking for a familiar face. Several prisoners cried to him for mercy, but he ignored them. Finally, he heard a familiar voice say, “That damned King of theirs,” and Blaze instantly recognized it as Sigurd’s.
He ran in the direction of the voice and saw Sigurd as well as Kerali, Maryn, Taryn, and an unconscious Thaddeus in the cell as well. The old mage sat upright with his legs folded and his eyes closed. He muttered dreamily when Blaze approached and then with a loud gasp, Thaddeus awoke and stared straight at him.
“Blaze! Is that you?” Thaddeus asked.
“Blaze?” Everyone exclaimed at once.
Blaze replied by removing the guard helmet, exposing his face.
“AHA! You made it, my boy!” exclaimed Thaddeus, who rose to his feet and ran to the cell bars to meet Blaze.
“How DARE you show yourself after what you’ve done!” Sigurd growled at Blaze, “If I had my axe, I swear I’d—”
“Oh hush, Sigurd,” Thaddeus scolded. “Do you honestly think if Blaze actually betrayed us that he would risk his life to sneak in here to help us?”
“What are you saying, Thaddeus?” asked Kerali.
“Blaze is innocent,” Thaddeus replied.
“And just how do you know that?” asked Sigurd.
“I saw it! I saw him fighting that big fellow . . . oh, what was his name?”
“Orodan,” Blaze clarified.
“Yes, Orodan. I saw Orodan tell you about the mark and how Saitar used that to get information. As soon as I did, I knew that the traitor could see the vision too, so I quickly alerted you and put myself to sleep so that Saitar couldn’t see anymore,” Thaddeus explained.
“Is that why you told us not to wake you?” Maryn asked.
“Exactly,” Thaddeus replied. He then turned back to Blaze and said, “I am so relieved that you came, but you need to find Crystal quickly! The wedding is in two hours!”
“I thought she was here?” Blaze replied.
“No, no, she’s been locked up somewhere else. The ceremony will be in the hall on the third floor, from what I hear,” replied the mage.
“Okay, we can split up and try to find her before the wedding,” Blaze replied and then began shuffling through the key ring.
“We aren't leaving,” Sigurd barked.
Blaze paused and replied, “Why?”
“Sigurd is right,” Thaddeus said. “If the guards notice that we are gone, they will immediately alert Bogdan, and Crystal will be put in much more danger than she is already in. If you do not find her before they notice we are gone, then she could get hurt because of us. I refuse to take that chance.”
“I will not disgrace her father’s memory by putting her in more danger so I don’t have to stay in this dirty cell,” Sigurd said nobly. “He was a great ruler and an even better person. Crystal is no different.”
“Yes, she has been a loyal friend as well as a wonderful leader, and I will not let her be hurt on my behalf,” Kerali added.
“Don’t worry, Blaze. We’re tougher than we look,” Maryn said.
“We can wait to get out of here a little while longer,” Taryn added.
Blaze sighed and said, “Very well, I’ll find her myself.”
“Oh and there’s something else you need to do once you have gotten her out of Cartigo,” Thaddeus said.
“What?”
“While I was asleep, I had a vision of my brother, Malcolm. He came to me and told me that the last Gaull shard was with him, and that he took it to the Lost Realm when he died.”
“The Lost Realm?” Blaze asked.
“Crystal will explain it. All Malcolm told me was that the shard was there and that the two of you were needed there. He also said that Crystal will be able to learn the secret to holy magic if she goes there,”  Thaddeus concluded.
“Does Crystal know how to get there?” Blaze asked.
“No, so you will need to visit the City of Magi to consult with the Elders about it, and they can also remove this,” replied Thaddeus, who then pointed to Blaze’s neck where the tracking mark was.
“Good, because this thing is more trouble than it’s worth,” Blaze replied.
“By the way, what happened to Gavril?” asked Thaddeus.
It just dawned on Blaze that the General wasn’t in there, so obviously after the incident by the river, he hadn’t been captured. “We got separated . . .”
“Oh, well, I suppose you can find him later,” replied Thaddeus. “Now go, hurry!”
With a nod, Blaze replaced his helmet and darted off down the corridor and out of the dungeon.



CHAPTER 17

GAVRIL CAREFULLY TREAD AROUND the edge of the forest outside of Cartigo to find a way past the soldiers stationed throughout the area. He saw all the soldiers in the surrounding forest, and even though he didn’t know why they were there, he knew there was only one way into the castle. He continued to search until he found the trap door he was looking for at the foot of a large tree. When he saw it, he went to open it, but realized it had been opened recently.
“Don’t tell me they've found this,” he muttered.
The young rebel traveling alongside him muttered back, “Wouldn’t they be stationed here, then?”
“Perhaps, but there’s plenty of open area for us to get away from an ambush, so they could be waiting to trap us on the other side of the tunnel where there is no place to run,” Gavril replied.
Whether he was right or not, he knew this was the only option he had to find Crystal. For the past two days, he traveled frantically south towards the rebel hideout. On his way there, he ran into survivors of the attack on the hideout led by the Daldussan General Orodan only a few hours after the team had left. The shards they had collected were stolen and the whole hideout was in complete ruin. Very few rebels survived, but those who did found a place for the weaker people to hide and those who could fight well enough traveled north to find their leader and warn her.
Along the route to the Caris shrine, they came across a weary Gavril, and the two parties traded information about their ambushes. Despite what they had just been through, the surviving rebels still wanted to fight, so Gavril took temporary charge as leader and planned a sneak attack on Cartigo to rescue their comrades.
“So what are your orders, Gavril?” asked the rebel.
“We’ll move in one group at a time. I will go in first and you can follow a little ways behind. When I see that it is safe to go in, you can go back and inform the others to come in as well,” Gavril commanded.
“Yes sir!” the rebel replied.
After they told the other rebels the plan, Gavril and the younger rebel traveled through the tunnel under the city. They walked carefully with their swords drawn in front and upon reaching the end, Gavril instructed the rebel to stay his ground. The former general then emerged from the tunnel after making sure it was clear. He then inched closer to the door and stopped dead in his tracks when he heard two male voices just outside the door.
“My, you make a wonderful groom, Lord Valamar.”
Gavril recognized that as Saitar’s voice. He then heard Valamar reply, “I have quite a luscious bride, as well.”
Gavril had to calm himself from shaking almost hard enough to shake the hilt of his sword.
“It amazes me how easy it was to get her to agree to this. All we had to do was threaten to kill her friends and she followed orders like a puppet,” Saitar coldly stated.
Gavril mouthed “son of a bitch” when he heard this; he wanted to slice through all of them for taking advantage of Crystal’s love for her friends.
“I can’t believe how easy it was to get her to not only trust the prince, but to fall for him too, it seems. I just loved the broken look on her face when Bogdan told the rebels the truth,” Valamar replied.
Gavril could feel his face flush bright red. Though he didn’t want to see it, it was evident that Crystal was falling in love with Blaze, and the fact that he led her on only angered Gavril more.
“Oh, but here is the best part, Blaze didn’t turn them in,” Saitar replied.
Gavril’s heart sank and his face turned from red to white. 
“He didn’t?” asked a confused Valamar.
“Not willingly, no. You see, I saw the little tracking mark they branded him with, so I left my own mark on it. Whenever Thaddeus would get a vision, I would too. I soon could see that the rebels were gaining his trust. The King decided that there was no better way to crush their hopes forever than to make them think Prince Blaze fooled them all,” Saitar stated.
“How nasty of Bogdan to trick them like that. He’s a genius,” Valamar stated.
“Indeed, he is,” Saitar agreed. “Oh, and the King will regretfully be unable to attend the wedding and asked me to apologize on his behalf. You see, we believe that Prince Blaze will try to sneak into the castle to save the girl, so the King will have his hands tied with the town defenses all afternoon. I will be joining him as well.”
“Oh, that’s a shame. I was looking forward to his presence,” replied Valamar.
“Well, the King wants to be sure your wedding isn't interrupted,” Saitar stated.
“Yes, I suppose so,” Valamar admitted.
Gavril suddenly felt a mixture of anger towards the two men and shame at the way he treated Blaze. Just as soon as he vowed to find him and make amends, Gavril could hear Valamar and Saitar laughing and walking away, so he cracked open the door and saw that the coast was clear. When he was sure no one could hear him, he shook his head and muttered aloud, “The bastard was telling the truth!”
Gavril then opened the trap door and called down to the rebel and said, “Tell the others it’s safe to come in here.”
“Yes Sir,” the young rebel called. Gavril then heard the rebel’s footsteps fading into the tunnel.

Blaze crept through the corridors of the castle in the stolen guard armor. Thankfully, he didn’t have to hide since the helmet covered most of his face, but he had to be careful not to attract suspicion from real guards by lingering around. He remembered how the Daldussan soldiers marched and tried his best to mimic it despite never actually trying it. Apparently, he was able to pull it off, and even though he got a few stares, he knew the other guards just thought he was a rookie by the way they shook their heads.
Whenever he was sure no guards were in the corridor he marched in, Blaze then creaked one door open at a time and checked inside each one for Crystal, but he could not find her. He didn’t dare check too many at a time, because he was afraid of getting caught and ruining any chance of Crystal escaping. He was beginning to get nervous after an hour of looking and not finding her, and he had to hide how frantic he was after another half hour.
Dammit! The wedding is about to start, he thought.
He was just checking in another empty room when he suddenly heard footsteps behind him. His heart sank when a knife suddenly appeared in front of his face and then was held to his throat. He was suddenly shoved into the empty room and the door was closed.
Blaze then heard a familiar voice say behind him, “If you make a sound, I will kill you. Now tell me where Princess Amelia is being held captive.”
Blaze then replied, “Gavril, it’s me, Blaze.”
The knife suddenly moved away and Gavril released Blaze, who immediately turned around and lifted his helmet off of his head. He looked at Gavril, who was accompanied by two other rebels, and he pleaded, “Look, Gavril, I know don’t care what you think—”
“I’m sorry,” Gavril interrupted.
Blaze straightened up and responded, “What?”
Gavril let out a long, deep sigh, and replied, “I’m sorry I didn’t believe you when you said you didn’t betray us. I overheard Saitar talking about what he did to your tracking mark. I then found Thaddeus and the others in the dungeon and they told me all about it that as well as how Malcolm told him Crystal is needed in the Lost Realm. They also told me you were here, so I figured if I looked for Crystal, I’d run into you eventually.”
“Well now that we’re on the same team, let’s go find Crystal,” Blaze responded.
“I couldn’t agree with you more,” Gavril said.
“Do you have a plan that doesn’t include threatening me?” Blaze remarked.
“No, but your disguise gives me an idea. Let’s get the other men together and get into position,” Gavril replied.
Blaze placed the helmet back onto his head and said with a smirk, “Let’s go crash a wedding.”

Crystal stood in front of a tall mirror and hated everything she saw. There were three elderly seamstresses making the final touches on a large, intricate wedding dress. To her dismay, the collar was very low and completely exposed her shoulders and showed far too much cleavage. Her hair was pinned up and had been dried with pins overnight to add curls, and once again, her face was smeared in makeup.
For the past three days, she barely slept and didn’t eat at all. She had only water that the castle servants would bring up to the room and refused to eat in the dining room where she knew Valamar would show her off as a trophy to Bogdan and the others. She knew all too well that Bogdan would laugh at the look on her face when Valamar called her a pet name, and she would give up her magic before she gave him that satisfaction.
“Almost done, dear,” the oldest seamstress muttered.
Crystal remained silent, as she also had been since she was first locked into her room. Her whole body was too numb for her to utter a single word.
Ten minutes before the wedding, Crystal emerged from her fitting room into the corridor of the sixth floor, and two guards were waiting to escort her to the wedding site on the third floor. Crystal saw that the guards stared at her for some time, and even when their commander came forward, he had to bark orders at them in order to snap them both back into reality. As much as she hated the leering, Crystal no longer had the will to stare daggers at anyone.
The two guards marched silently on either side of her, and as much as she couldn’t help but notice that something was odd about them. They were silent and continued staring at her as they walked. However, she didn’t feel like questioning anything, so she ignored this gut feeling and continued walking.
After finally reaching the third floor, Crystal’s heart pounded in her stomach as the two guards opened the double doors to reveal a heavily decorated room that was once where she prayed with her mother to Caris. What was once a small temple was now lined with floral decorations and rows of seats on either side of the room. Nobles from Ordale sat waiting for the ceremony to begin, and as soon as the doors opened, they all stood up to welcome the bride.
Crystal looked at her feet as she walked down the aisle, but she could still feel Valamar’s eyes on her.  The two guards stood on either side of the door and out of the corner of her eyes, she saw them stay next to the entrance and heard them close the doors behind her. At least eight other guards were stationed on either side of the room, giving no opportunity for escape.
Crystal finally arrived at the altar and turned to face Valamar. When she didn’t look up at him, he lifted her chin with his fingers and she jerked backward to avoid being touched. After receiving a warning glare from Valamar, however, she held her head up anyway so he wouldn’t try to touch her again. Both the bride and groom then turned to face the altar and waited for the judge to begin the ceremony.
“Welcome, one and all. We are brought here today to join this man and this woman in the union of marriage,” began the judge.
Crystal faded in and out for several minutes as the old judge continued to speak. She stared off into space and heard bits and pieces of what was being said, but then Valamar turned to face her, grabbed her hands, and held them up tenderly.
“I do,” Valamar said.
Crystal realized that the judge had asked Valamar if he would take her as his wife, and then he asked her the same thing.
“And do you, Princess Amelia Atteberry, take Lord Victor Valamar as your lawfully wedded husband?” he asked.
Just when Crystal sighed and readied herself to say “I do,” someone else suddenly blurted out, “She does not.”
The entire room immediately faced the entrance, where one of the guards who escorted her to the wedding stepped forward. He removed his helmet, and Crystal’s heart sank when she saw his face.
“Blaze?” she asked in disbelief.
“How did you get into the castle? Guards!” Valamar yelled.
The guard that stood behind Blaze then brought up his weapon and pointed it at the back of Blaze’s head.
“What are you doing here?” asked Crystal.
“I’m here to rescue you,” replied Blaze, completely ignoring the blade pressed to the back of his head.
“Why would you do that after what you’ve done?” she cried, “You have a lot of nerve!”
“Please, Crystal, just come with me,” Blaze pleaded.
“I can’t. He’ll kill the others if I do,” she cried, “Have you any idea what you’ve done? I can never trust you again!”
“Then trust me, Crystal,” said the guard behind Blaze, who then removed the sword from the prince’s head and removed his helmet.
“Gavril!” Crystal cried.
“Blaze didn’t betray us,” Gavril pleaded, “Just ask your husband-to-be.”
Crystal looked at Valamar, who smirked and said, “I admit that the story was less than truthful, but that doesn’t change the fact that none of you will be leaving.” He then snapped his fingers and barked at the other guards in the room. “Arrest them!”
However, the guards stood frozen for a good while, and eventually, they looked at each other and burst into laughter.
“What the . . .?” Valamar stammered.
Every guard in the room stepped forward and held their blades out towards Valamar instead of Blaze and Gavril, and one of them shouted, “Don’t worry Lady Crystal, the rebellion is still alive!”
“Rebels?” Valamar frantically exclaimed. The nobles in the crowd frantically gasped and whimpered.
“That’s right, Valamar,” Gavril said. “They all still have the will to fight and save their beloved leader. Now hand her over or else.” Gavril who then pointed his sword in Valamar’s direction, and Blaze did the same.
Valamar stepped closer to Crystal and grabbed the back of her neck. “Come on then, take her if you think you can without hurting her!”
“You coward!” Gavril bellowed.
Crystal managed to release herself from Valamar’s grip. She then begged, “Gavril, please! Go and help the others! Don’t let them get killed!”
“They refused to leave until you were safe,” Blaze replied. “We all knew the risks involved as much as they did. We all knew that this rebellion could cost us our lives.”
Crystal shook her head. “I can’t leave, Blaze. I just can’t watch them get hurt.”
“And I can’t watch you marry another man,” Blaze blurted out.
The room fell silent as Blaze’s last words sunk into everyone’s heads. Crystal’s heart pounded as she tried to understand if what she heard was correct. Even when Gavril and the other rebels stared at him in shock, Blaze’s eyes never left hers. He had clearly spoken before thinking, but he didn’t seem to regret it and stood his ground confidently.
“Another . . .?” she asked in a low voice.
Blaze sighed, lowered his sword, and took a step toward her. The room was silent enough to hear his nervous breathing, and Crystal’s heart nearly stopped when Blaze then said, “I love you, Crystal.”
She could hear the tears in his voice, even though his face was dry. She brought her hands up to her face and covered her nose and mouth. Blaze continued to stare into her eyes as he began speaking again, “I have never felt love for anyone until I met you. You opened my eyes to the real world and gave me kindness when no one else did. You also made me realize that I was capable of feeling those things too. By the time I realized I even had a heart, it already belonged to you.”
Tears were now soaking Crystal’s face and she watched as Gavril let out a sigh, walked forward, and placed his hand in Blaze’s shoulder in silent acceptance.
The silence was finally broken when Valamar began laughing. All eyes turned to him, and he offered Blaze an amused smirk. “That was quite . . . adorable. I honestly couldn’t do a better performance myself! However, that doesn’t change the fact that I am the groom and you aren’t.” Still chuckling, Valamar then grabbed Crystal’s arm and pulled her closer to him.
Crystal wrenched her arm out of his grip, stared him down, and said, “You can’t do any better because you can never give a woman real love. You don’t really want me as your wife, but as your trophy.”
Crystal then landed another slap across Valamar’s face. The crowd jumped and gasped at her audacity, and Crystal walked away proudly. As Crystal walked down the steps towards Blaze and was about to say something to him, she heard Valamar angrily mutter, “I warned you not to defy me!” Valamar grabbed Crystal’s arm and pulled her towards him and he looked at the judge and said, “She says ‘I do!’”
With that, he pulled Crystal towards him and planted his lips on hers again. She showed no fear this time as she punched and kicked at Valamar to get him off, but it did no good. She heard Blaze and Gavril yell and charged forward, but before they could get to her, Crystal felt her energy leaving her.
Her magic power erupted from her body and Valamar was sent flying in the air and he landed on the ground hard. Crystal collapsed after the blast and was too lightheaded to get up. She felt two sets of hands hold her up. When she managed to get her eyes open, she saw Valamar trying to get up, but then Blaze marched over to him and kicked him in the jaw. The groom flew backwards again and was knocked out cold.
Gavril then attempted to pull Crystal to her feet as the wedding guests flew out of the room in a panic.  Blaze came to her aid as well.
“Crystal, can you stand on your own?” Gavril asked, but before she could answer him, Blaze placed one arm under her knee and the other under her back and lifted her up.
“I’ve got her,” Blaze said.
“Now, let’s get out of here before Bogdan comes searching for us,” Gavril said.
The three of them managed to sneak away from the ceremony room before the guards came running to investigate the noise of the blast. Still in their guard uniforms, the rebels lured away real guards so that Gavril, Blaze, and Crystal could sneak by.
Blaze continued to carry Crystal the whole way.  His arms barely wrapped around the billowing dress, but he was too determined to carry her to safety to care.
“What happened to you two after we were captured?” Crystal hazily asked.
Blaze didn't deem it necessary to relay the details of his and Gavril's fight, so he instead told her, “We managed to get away and we were separated, but we ran into each other here in the castle.”
“Crystal, I hate to ask this, but did Valamar . . .” Gavril muttered, trailing off at the end.
Even though he didn’t finish his sentence, Crystal understood what he was asking. She shook her head and answered, “He left me unspoiled.”
“Good. I was sick with worry about that the whole way here. I’m glad to know you weren’t harmed and I won’t have to chop off Valamar’s member and feed it to a pack of dogs,” Gavril said with a relieved sigh.
“Judging by the size of his mansion, those poor dogs would probably go hungry,” Blaze muttered scornfully. Gavril couldn’t help but laugh at Blaze’s remark while Crystal merely rolled her eyes in amusement.
By the time they arrived on the ground floor, thankfully, Crystal regained enough strength to walk again, and they safely arrived at the storage room where the secret door lay. The three of them snuck inside while two other disguised rebels pretended to be canvasing the corridor outside.
“How ironic to be escaping through here again,” Crystal muttered.
Gavril smiled. “Isn’t it funny how fate works out sometimes? By the way, Crystal, I have your belongings here.” Gavril handed Crystal an old burlap sack. She peeked inside and saw her robe and the rest of her clothes as well as her blade and her necklace.
“Thank you, but why are you giving me this now?” Crystal said.
“Because this is where I take my leave,” replied Gavril.
“What?” Crystal exclaimed.
“You aren’t coming with us?” Blaze asked.
“I’m afraid not. There is something I need to take care of,” Gavril replied ruefully.
“But, Gavril . . .” Crystal whispered.
“Listen,” Gavril said, placing his hands on her shoulders, “I’ve done all I can to protect you. I’ve trained you well, I’ve defended you in battle, and you have become someone to be proud of. You must finish this journey on your own.”
Crystal bowed her head and embraced Gavril. The former General embraced her in return and muttered, “You have to be strong. You’re a big girl now.”
Crystal pulled away and asked, “What are you going to do?”
“I will make sure that our friends are not harmed. I also have the men I led in here to lead out of the castle safely. Their lives are in my hands, so I cannot let them down,” Gavril assured. He then turned to Blaze and said, “I know I do not have to ask you to protect her with your life.”
“No,” Blaze replied, “I swear that I will keep her safe.”
“Good. By the way, where are your clothes?”  Gavril asked.
Blaze responded by turning around, reaching into a large pot, and pulled out a bag with his sword sticking out and replied, “I put them in here after leaving the dungeon.”
“Good,” Gavril replied. He then looked at Crystal’s worried face and assured, “It will be all right, Crystal.  Go become a holy mage so you can end this once and for all.”
After Crystal nodded and hugged him again, Gavril smiled at her and left the room, but wondering what he planned to do next worried her, because his smile said “I will see you again,” but his eyes seemed tell them, “Goodbye.”



CHAPTER 18

AS SOON AS CRYSTAL STEPPED off of the ladder that led into the escape tunnel, she immediately threw her arms around Blaze and cried, “I am so sorry I didn’t believe you!”
Blaze lightly kissed her forehead and whispered, “Listen, we can talk later. Let’s get out of here before the guards catch us!”
“You're right, sorry,” Crystal replied while Blaze led her forward into the tunnel. Blaze’s guard armor clanked together with each movement and Crystal desperately tried to hold the bottom of her large dress high enough so that she wouldn’t trip. She felt her hair coming loose from its style and by the time she saw the ladder, her tresses had fallen around her shoulders in long, curly strands.
Once they reached the other end of the tunnel, Blaze turned to Crystal and said quietly, “I’ll go up first and make sure it’s clear.” After Crystal nodded, he turned to the ladder and climbed it. At the top, he waited a few seconds, listening for any voices outside. When he concluded that no one was waiting outside, he creaked the door open and looked out. He then lifted the door all the way and emerged from the tunnel.
Crystal climbed up the ladder and grabbed Blaze’s outstretched hands when she got to the top. When she emerged from the dark tunnel, the late afternoon sunlight nearly blinded her, but the warmth reminded her that she was free from Valamar, and so she welcomed it.
“This way,” Blaze said after Crystal’s eyes adjusted to the light. He then led her about a mile southeast of Cartigo, where a horse and bag of supplies awaited next to a small pond.
As soon as they stopped, Crystal threw her arms around Blaze again and kissed him. He wrapped his arms around her tightly and returned the gesture. Before he could maintain his balance, Blaze fell onto his back and Crystal fell on top of him.
Crystal then laughed and muttered, “I told you I would remember.”
Blaze let out a little laugh and replied, “Good thing I told you, then.”
There was then a brief silence followed by Crystal asking, “Did you mean what you said at the castle?”
“Every word of it.”
Crystal kissed him again, and then replied, “Tell it to me again.”
Blaze looked into her eyes and said, “I love you.”
Crystal smiled and responded, “I love you too.”
Without warning, Blaze rolled Crystal onto her back, landed on top of her, and gave her the most intense kiss that she ever thought she would feel. Her face flushed as Blaze’s hand began lightly grazing from her hip and up the side of her body. He then gently ran his fingers along the side of her face as he removed his lips from hers and kissed her neck.
“I promised myself that I would protect you, so even though I don’t want to stop, we need to start moving so we can get out of harm’s way,” Blaze whispered onto her neck. He then stood up and helped her do the same.
“But where are we supposed to go? Gavril mentioned something about learning holy magic, but he left before I could ask him what to do,” Crystal replied.
“Thaddeus said that his brother appeared to him in a dream and told him that you needed to go to some place called the Lost Realm to learn it,” Blaze said.
“The Lost Realm?” Crystal asked in surprise.
“Thaddeus said his brother was there and that he also took the last shard to the realm with him when he died,” Blaze replied.
Crystal’s face hardened. She turned around and looked at her feet, and said, “It’s . . . real,”
Blaze picked up the bag with Crystal’s belongings, held it out to her, and said, “Here, you can explain it to me while you get changed.” When Crystal turned around and gave him a dirty look, he added while rolling his eyes, “I won’t watch, of course.”
Crystal grabbed the bag and turned her hand in the air, gesturing for Blaze to turn around. He obeyed, mumbling, and Crystal began to slip out of the wedding dress. She felt nervous with the open air hitting her body, since the only article of clothing she wore at the moment was her bottom undergarments.  She never took her eyes off of Blaze for a second as she stood half naked behind him.
“The Lost Realm is only spoken of in legends,” Crystal explained as she began to slip her black dress over her head. “Most people know of three realms in existence: the gaia realm, which is where we live, the holy realm, where Caris and her children reside, and the dark realm, where damned souls and demons reside. When people die, their souls leave the gaia realm and in normal circumstances go to the holy realm if they were good and righteous in life, but they go to the dark realm if they were wicked.”
“Normal circumstances?” Blaze asked, slightly turning his head.
“Don’t look!” Crystal scolded.
“I wasn’t!” Blaze replied after jerking his head back quickly.
“Well, by normal circumstances, I’m referring to someone who died without a burden on their soul. When a person dies with a burden on their souls, it means that they either died before their purpose in life was fulfilled, they died with regrets or for some other reason weren’t at peace, or they took an important secret to the grave. There are other examples, but one sure thing is that if we have to go there, it means that someone is there that we have to free,” Crystal explained.
“The souls trapped in the Lost Realm can be freed?” asked Blaze.
“Yes, but it can’t be just anyone. It has to be someone affected by the burden the dead soul carries,” Crystal replied, who was now snapping her robe together.
“What does that mean?” Blaze asked, still facing the other way.
“I am afraid we’ll have to go there and find out, but I don’t know the way. You can turn around now, by the way,” Crystal said. She was mostly covered now and had just pulled up her gray tights when Blaze turned around.
“Thaddeus said we should ask the Elders. He also said that they could get rid of this,” Blaze said. He then pointed to the tracking mark and added, “Which, by the way, is how Bogdan knew about you,” He then went on to explain about the spell Saitar made and finished up just as Crystal tied her belt. He then added, “Thaddeus put himself in a magic coma or something, so Saitar won’t see us from now on.”
“I am so sorry . . .” she muttered.
“It’s only natural to assume I did it,” Blaze replied sullenly.
“No, it was wrong of us to assume you hadn’t changed just because of what you’ve done in the past. You aren’t that man anymore,” replied Crystal. “To be honest, even when I didn’t believe you, part of me prayed I would be able to see you again. I guess deep down, I knew you didn’t do it.”
“Actually, I have to admit that part of it is still my fault,” Blaze ruefully uttered.
“What do you mean?” Crystal asked.
“If I had kept my mouth shut in some of those situations where Saitar saw me, they wouldn’t have known who you are. If I hadn’t been reckless either, Saitar wouldn’t have been able to put the spell on me in the first place,” Blaze said, bowing his head.
“It’s all right, Blaze. Let’s just get ready to go before they discover we aren’t in the castle,” Crystal replied.  She had finally managed to fix the chain on her necklace and attach it around her neck.
“You’re right. Just let me get changed out of this armor,” Blaze said, bending down and grabbing the bag with his belongings. He then imitated the way Crystal gestured for him to turn around with his hand, and said with a smirk, “If I don’t get to watch, neither do you.”
Crystal turned around and walked over to the pond and while Blaze changed, she scooped up water with her hands and washed her makeup off and wet her hair a little to get it back to its natural wavy texture.  When she was done, without turning around, she asked, “Are you done?”
“Almost. You can turn around now, though,” Blaze called from behind her.
When Crystal turned, she could see Blaze sitting on a rock and pulling his boots on. He wore his trousers and his shirt, but not his jacket.  As soon as he finished with his boots, he grabbed his jacket and pulled it on, and then put his belt with his sword and sheath on and buckled it.
“Well, let’s head over to the City of Magi. They should let us talk to the Elders right away since they are allies of Cierith,” Crystal said.
Blaze laughed a little and said, “So you still aren’t giving up on the rebellion?”
“No, I owe it to my friends who gave up their freedom for me to keep moving forward,” Crystal replied.
Blaze then walked over to her and kissed her forehead. Crystal faintly leaned her entire body against him as the growling of her stomach made her realize that she hadn’t eaten in several days.
“Are you all right?” Blaze asked her.
“I’m . . . hungry,” she muttered.
Blaze laughed and replied, “Don’t worry, I’ve got food in the bag over there,” He then pointed to a large bag next to the horse. After leading Crystal to the horse and helping her mount onto him, Blaze then tied the bag to the saddle and grabbed a piece of bread out for her. She gratefully accepted the bread as well as the canteen of water Blaze handed her.
Just as soon as Blaze untied the horse and mounted him with Crystal sitting in front, he kicked his legs and the horse then began to gallop east towards the City of Magi.

For three days, Blaze and Crystal rode through the plains and wooded areas of Cierith. Each night, Blaze and Crystal took turns keeping watch while the other slept, and by the end of the journey, both were so exhausted and hungry that the sight of the mountains on the third morning elated them both.
“We should be at the city gates within the hour,” Crystal said.
“It just occurred to me that I have never seen the city itself,” Blaze muttered. He steered the horse while sitting behind Crystal and allowed her to lean back onto his shoulder.
“The city is a lot nicer if you aren’t sneaking around underground,” Crystal mused.
“I just hope the Elders aren’t still sore at me,” Blaze muttered.
“They trust me, so I will convince them you are trustworthy too,” Crystal told him.
Just as Crystal predicted, less than an hour later, the two of them arrived at the city gates. The guard above the gate, who just so happened to be the same guard from the first time Crystal was there, looked down and said, “State your business.”
“It is I, the leader of Deliverance,” Crystal called back.
“Oh, Lady Crystal. I almost didn’t recognize you. To what does the City of Magi owe the pleasure of your visit?” the guard replied.
“I have very urgent business and I need to speak with the Elders right away,” Crystal said.
“Very well, I’ll send a message to them,” replied the guard. He then called to the other guards, “Open the gates.”
As soon as the enormous gates opened, Blaze urged the horse forward and the three of them entered the city.
“It looks like they’ve rebuilt everything already,” Crystal said, admiring the new buildings.
“That’s good . . .” Blaze muttered.
Crystal sensed the guilt in his voice, and so she leaned back a little closer to him in an effort to comfort him. It seemed to work, because he put his arm around her and pulled her closer. When they finally reached the Elder’s Hall, Crystal and Blaze were greeted by members of the council.
“Welcome my Lady,” said a councilman. “The Elders have already been informed of your arrival, so let us take your horse into the city stable and bring you inside.”
After dismounting from their horse, Crystal and Blaze were then led into the meeting hall and were greeted by the five remaining Elders.
“Lady Crystal, we received word that you requested to speak with us immediately,” Elder Halmez said in his usual rough voice. “Is something wrong?”
“I’m afraid so,” Crystal ruefully replied.
Halmez was about to speak again, but he soon turned his attention to Blaze. “Is, that . . . ? It IS him! It's Prince Blaze.”
“Why did you bring him back here?” Orwynn asked sternly.
Blaze leaned in behind Crystal and whispered, “I think they’re still sore.”
Crystal stepped forward and held her hands on front of Blaze. “Please, Elders, I promise you that Blaze is a changed man!”
“How are we supposed to just let him walk back in here after what he’s done?” Halmez exclaimed. He then looked at Blaze again and commanded, “Leave, now!”
Blaze turned around without a word and despite Crystal pleading for him to stay, he walked away until he heard someone say, “We can trust him.”
Blaze and Crystal both turned to see Elder Ydon stepping forward.
“You used your telepathy, Ydon?” asked Bredewig.
“What's telepathy?” Blaze asked.
“It's the power to read minds,” Crystal answered.
“I can also generate my thoughts into other minds as well,” Ydon added. He then turned to Blaze and said, “Forgive me for intruding your thoughts, but I had to be sure if you were in fact trustworthy. I saw how you risked your life to save Miss Crystal, and now I know that you can be trusted.”
“Could you at least warn me next time you decide to violate my mind?” Blaze retorted, walking back to Crystal’s side.
“I will not do it again, I promise,” Ydon replied. He then turned back to Crystal, “I would also like to apologize for reading your thoughts as well. When you first came to the City of Magi and gave your speech, I thought it was odd that you were so willing to help us and yet tell us nothing about yourself, so I read your mind and discovered who you really are.”
Crystal’s eyes widened, and Ydon shook his head and added in assurance, “Do not worry, your secret is safe with me.”
“What secret?” Halmez asked.
“I am sorry, my fellow Elders, but I am not at liberty to say. What I can tell you is that Crystal has a noble reason for her actions,” Ydon replied.
“Very well, we trust your words,” Leldor said.
“Actually . . .” Crystal began. Everyone turned to look at her curiously and she continued, “There is no point in concealing my true identity anymore, because Bogdan has discovered it. That’s actually one of the reasons we came.”
“Well then, will you begin by telling us you real name?” Orwynn asked.
Crystal looked back and forth at the elders, and then after she felt Blaze place his hand onto her shoulder, she took a deep breath and said, “It’s Amelia. To be specific, it’s Princess Amelia Atteberry of Cierith.”
The Elders remained silent and all of them except for Ydon bore a surprised expression. They looked back and forth at each other and Halmez finally spoke, “I see we have a lot to discuss. Why don’t you two get washed up and we will all talk over dinner. We will have someone waiting by the stairwell on the third floor to take you to the dining room when you’re done.”
Crystal nodded, and not long after that, she and Blaze were led to separate rooms on the same floor where Crystal spent the night the first time she was there. The servant who showed Crystal to her room pointed to another room in the corner and told her a hot bath was waiting for her. 
“Just leave your clothes on the bed. There is a spare outfit waiting for you in the bathroom that you can use until your clothes are clean. When you’re done with your bath, just leave the water alone and someone will clean up while you eat dinner,” the old woman said.
“Thank you very much,” Crystal replied.
As soon as the servant closed the door behind her, Crystal walked over to the bed next to the bathroom and stripped naked. She then walked into the bathroom and saw a full tub of steamy water and stepped in without hesitation. The water felt scorching hot against her skin, but she didn’t care. After a while of sitting in the hot water, her skin turned pink and adjusted to the heat.
Crystal washed herself head to toe with sweet-smelling soap, which relaxed her tremendously. She was so relaxed that she nearly dozed off in the water, but somehow managed to coax herself to get out and towel off. After squeezing almost all of the water out of her hair, she walked over to the outfit that hung on the door.
It was another robe similar to her own, but it was a pale green color and instead of having bell sleeves that only reached her mid-forearm, these had longer, thinner sleeves. The robe was about the same length of Crystal's usual blue one, but it was solid down the middle so that instead of wrapping it around her and snapping in down the middle, she would have to pull it over her head. The robe also came with a fabric belt and matching boots. She dressed herself in the spare clothes and even threw on her pendant purely out of habit. Her hair was still damp, so she quickly toweled it off some more and left the room.
As she emerged from her bedroom, she heard a voice call from the other side of the door, “Finally.”
Crystal shut the door to see Blaze waiting for her. He was clean as well and was wearing a long-sleeved white shirt with a deep, turquoise tunic vest, gray pants, and dark gray boots. She could tell he had bathed too, because his hair was slightly damp. He leaned against the wall with his arms folded and his legs crossed slightly, looking amused.
“You look nice,” she responded, choosing to ignore his remark.
He then smiled back at her and to her surprise, he replied, “So do you. That green is a nice color on you.”
Crystal smiled and softly replied, “Thanks. I’m sure you are as hungry as I am, so let’s go to the dining room.”
“Okay then, let’s go,” Blaze said.

As Halmez promised, a servant waiting by the stairwell on the third floor led Crystal and Blaze to a large dining room. A dark wooden table covered in a silvery cloth sat in the middle of the room. Dozens of trays of delicious food lined the table and seven chairs, five of which were filled by the elders, lined up six on either side of the table and one at the end.
Elder Halmez sat at the head of the table while Orwynn, Ydon, and Bredewig sat on his right and Leldor sat on his left with two empty seats beside him.  Crystal figured that when Saitar and Malcolm had been around, Malcolm sat in the head seat and the others sat around him. Now that he was dead and Saitar had left, there were two empty seats for Crystal and Blaze to join them.
“Ah, there you two are,” Halmez greeted. “Come and join us.”
Crystal sat in the chair next to Leldor and Blaze sat next to her.
“Thank you for the spare clothes,” Crystal said.
“Anything to help a friend of the City of Magi,” Halmez replied. “As the newly appointed High Elder, I will honor Malcolm’s wishes to aid your cause.”
“You are the new High Elder?” asked Crystal. She then noticed that instead of the light gray robe he used to wear, Halmez now wore a white robe like Malcolm used to wear.
“Yes. After Malcolm’s death, the people appointed Halmez because of how well he led the defense of the city during Bogdan’s invasion,” Leldor said.
“Once a High Elder either retires, dies, or is, unfortunately, removed from his or her position, another Elder is chosen. An Elder must serve for at least ten years before becoming the High Elder.  Halmez has served for fifteen,” Orwynn explained.
“So what about the other two spots for elders?” Crystal asked.
“We have announced for the people to make nominations of worthy candidates, and once there is a small group of people to choose from, the people cast their votes and after they are tallied, the new Elder will be chosen. In this case, we will be choosing two of the candidates,” explained Ydon.
“Well now,” Halmez replied, “enough talk about all that. Let us get on with why our guests need our help.”
“Oh, right,” Crystal said. “Well, I already told you my true name, but if it’s all the same, I would rather be called ‘Crystal’ until Cierith has been free. It would feel wrong to take my true name back before the people of Cierith have their freedom.”
“Very well, we will honor your wishes, Miss Crystal,” Halmez replied. The other Elders nodded in agreement.
“Thank you,” Crystal replied.
For the next hour, she told them the events that took place after they had departed from the city the first time. She explained how they recruited Blaze and about the tracking mark that Thaddeus put on Blaze, and then explained all the shards they went after, even though she excluded most of the details about the incident at Valamar’s mansion.
As soon as she mentioned Valamar, however, Bredewig mentioned, “He's quite . . . an eccentric fellow. There were several brutish men who came here looking for you, Crystal, and they said that Valamar sent them. The guardsmen at the gates did not let them enter the city, but they passed the message along to me that Valamar wanted to speak with my granddaughter. I found that quite odd, but perhaps you could shed some light on that?”
Crystal and Blaze exchanged disgusted glances and then Crystal said, “We’ve already had the displeasure of dealing with him.”
“Mainly a ‘kick to the groin’ kind of displeasure,” Blaze added.
Crystal explained to Bredewig how she used his name and claimed to be his granddaughter to gain entrance to the Valamar estate and apologized to him for the inconvenience to him, but he brushed it off.
Crystal then told them that Blaze changed in those months and even told them how he was injured trying to protect her. The Elders listened intently as Crystal told them about being captured and how she and Blaze escaped, and then she asked them about removing Blaze’s tracking mark.
“I know the book that the counter spell is in and I can get that off after dinner,” Bredewig explained.
“Thanks,” Blaze muttered back.
Crystal went on to tell them about what Thaddeus said about the Lost Realm she then finished up her explanation by telling the elders how Gavril helped them sneak out of the castle, but went back in saying he’d make sure their friends weren’t hurt.
“Something makes me uneasy about what he said,” Crystal said. “He told me he had 'something to take care of.'”
“Well, that Gavril fellow seemed like he could handle his own,” Leldor assured.
“Yes, he is very strong,” Crystal concurred. “He’s always been there for me and has never once let me down.”
“I’m sure he’s fine,” Orwynn assured.
“Yeah, it would take more than a few of Bogdan’s guards to scare him,” Blaze muttered. “He’s a tough old man.”
Crystal laughed, but then cleared her throat and continued speaking to the Elders. “Why do you think Malcolm said that I would need to find the answer to using holy magic in the Lost Realm?”
“It could be a number of things,” Halmez answered her, “No one knows what lies in there, so the only way to find out is to actually go there.”
“Do any of you know where it is?” Blaze asked.
“I’m afraid not,” Halmez replied.
“We will do research on the subject and as soon as we can figure something out, we will get you both ready for the journey,” Orwynn said.
“Thank you, Elders,” Crystal gratefully said.
After they finished eating dinner, which was more delicious than they had eaten in a long time, Blaze and Crystal followed Bredewig to the library. He instructed them to sit at a table in the corner of the room and then started thumbing around on the shelves. They watched for several minutes as the elder pulled the spines of several books and replaced them after concluding that they were the wrong one. Finally, after several minutes of scanning shelf to shelf, Bredewig muttered, “Aha!” and pulled a book off of a dusty shelf.
He walked over to the table Crystal and Blaze were seated at and plopped it open with the pages facing upward. As he flipped through the pages, Crystal recognized it the same book Thaddeus found the tracking mark spell in and, just as Thaddeus said, the counter spell for the mark was on the next page.
“Here it is!” Bredewig said, pointing to the page.
“Do you need help gathering the supplies?” Crystal asked.
“I could use some help, thank you,” replied Bredewig.
Crystal then helped Bredewig find all of the ingredients listed in the book.  The plump elder even complimented her knowledge of magic ingredients, stating that Thaddeus taught her well. Once they both had armfuls of ingredients, Crystal and Bredewig walked back to the table and placed the bottle carefully onto the surface.
“Now then, this tracking spell requires a handful of fire sand as the primary ingredient, so this frost powder is needed to counteract it. I also need this willow leaf here, oh and a pinch of . . .” Bredewig continued muttering as Crystal handed him what he asked for.
Within the next ten minutes, Bredewig was sprinkling the blue powder onto the tip of his staff, and even though Blaze braced himself for a frostbitten shock, when the staff touched his skin, it was cold, but Blaze didn’t even have to wince. He saw steam rising out of the corner of his eye, and he watched Crystal’s expression of amazement as the staff pulled away.
“Is it gone?” Blaze asked.
“Yes, the mark is, but . . .” Crystal responded.
“I’m afraid the mark usually does leave a scar like that, at least from what I have heard,” Bredewig replied.
“Scar?” Blaze said. He then looked around and saw a mirror, so he got up and looked at his reflection.  Sure enough, there was a scar that matched the pattern of the tracking mark on his neck. Where solid black had been on his skin before, there was wrinkled skin that looked like a healed burn. The skin turned whiter where the scar traveled, and all Blaze could say was, “Damn.”
“I apologize. The counter spell is fairly recent, so no one that I know of has discovered a way to prevent a burn scar from forming where the mark was,” Bredewig replied.
“Don’t be sorry, Elder. At least Saitar can’t see his actions anymore,” Crystal assured.
“That's right,” Blaze said, turning around. “Thank you, Elder.” 
“Yes, thank you so much,” Crystal added.
“You’re both quite welcome,” Bredewig responded while adjusting his glasses.
Just then, Elder Ydon walked into the room.
“Are you finished, Bredewig?” he asked.
“Yes, we just removed it,” Bredewig replied.
“Well done,” Ydon replied, bowing his head to Bredewig in respect. He then said, “I was just coming to walk our guests back to their rooms.”
“Very well,” Bredewig said. “I’ll clean up here.  You two go on ahead.”
“Are you sure you don’t need help?” Crystal politely asked. After the plump Elder assured her that he would take care of everything, Crystal and Blaze thanked him again and followed Ydon out of the library.
Even though they both found it odd that the Elvish elder was walking with them to their rooms, Blaze and Crystal didn’t mention it. After stopping at Crystal’s door, she wished them both ‘good night’ and retreated inside.
Blaze’s bedroom was a little further down the hall, and when he opened his door and turned to thank Ydon, the Elvish elder spoke first, “I was hoping to get a chance to speak with you privately.”
Blaze leaned against the door frame and asked, “About what?”
“I told you how I read Crystal’s mind when I first met her, but I also read the mind of the man you called ‘Gavril,’” Ydon replied.
Blaze straightened up slightly. He paused, waiting for the Elder to speak again, but instead spoke first, “What did you see?”
“First, I want to tell you that when I saw your thoughts earlier, I saw that not only had you changed from a dangerous and cunning prince to a brave, noble warrior, but I also saw that you changed mainly because you fell in love with Crystal,” Ydon told him.
Blaze took a deep breath and slouched a little and faced away from the Elder, a little peeved at the thought of the he possibly knowing his entire life story.
“I also saw that she returns you feelings and I truly wish you both the best. That is why I want to warn you about something,” Ydon said.
Blaze looked back at him and asked, “Warn me about what?”
“I didn’t want to say this in front of Crystal, because she was already worried about Gavril enough, but when I read his thoughts, I saw . . . a certain event from his past. I am afraid, however, that it is something quite personal, so it is not my place to reveal it to you. After Crystal told us that he stayed behind in the castle to ‘take care of something,’ I became worried that . . .” Ydon explained. He trailed off at the end and took a deep breath.
“That . . . what?” Blaze asked.
“Based on what I saw in his mind, I can honestly say that you need to prepare to be there for Crystal and comfort her because I do not believe Gavril will be leaving the castle alive,” Ydon replied.
“What?” Blaze exclaimed. He spoke so loudly that Ydon had to hush him so that no one else would here.  Blaze then continued, “Why would you think that?”
“As I said before, I am not at liberty to tell you what I saw. I need you to promise that you won’t tell Crystal what I said and just be there for her should the worst happen,” Ydon said.
Blaze calmed down enough to reply, “All right.”
“Good. Rest well, Blaze. You will have a long journey ahead of you starting tomorrow. We Elders will be researching the Lost Realm and will try to determine the location of the entrance,” Ydon said.
With that, he walked off down the hallway and Blaze retreated into his bedroom. He rested his head on his pillow, his thoughts buzzing around one question: what happened to Gavril in Daldussa that would cost him his life?



CHAPTER 19

FOR THE PAST SEVERAL DAYS, Bogdan fumed over his soldiers allowing Blaze and Crystal to escape and even angrier that no one could figure out how they escaped. Even Saitar and Valamar avoided Bogdan at all costs, Valamar mainly because of the horrible bruise and busted lip that Blaze left him. Lucky for everyone, the fearful reactions Bogdan got seemed to give solace to him.
The one thing, however, that angered Bogdan the most was the fact that he had one shard missing from fusing together the Eye of Gaull. He had heard rumors that the rebels had three shards, but the army that raided the hideout returned only with two. He already had the first one that Saitar had returned with after his encounter with the rebels in the ruined manor, and Bogdan had sent a second shard his men found in the ruins of the Elvish forest to lure the rebels into the trap. Now, there was one last shard unaccounted for, and the King didn't have the slightest idea of where to look.
Saitar finally approached Bogdan in his study one day and said, “My King, may I speak with you a moment?”
Bogdan was hovering over a map of Cierith marking the places his soldiers already looked when he heard Saitar speak. He turned to the rogue Elder and barked, “What?”
“I . . . I . . . I mean, um . . .” Saitar stuttered, but when Bogdan gave him a mean look, he straightened his speech out quickly and spoke again, “There is a prisoner that was taken to a separate cell from the other inmates after surrendering in one of the corridors. He’s been requesting to talk to you for several days, but . . .”
“But WHAT?” Bogdan barked.
Saitar gulped loudly and continued, “But you’ve been rather busy, so we didn’t bother you. Then he told us a moment ago that he knows where the last shard is and he will not say a word about it unless he talks directly to you.”
Bogdan straightened up. His large stature made Saitar cringe and tremble. He nearly fainted when Bogdan spoke again, “Who is he?”
“His name is Gavril Fletcher,” Saitar responded. “He is second in command of the rebels.”
The name “Gavril” seemed oddly familiar to Bogdan, but he brushed it off and said, “The poor fool is tired of taking orders from a leader who abandoned her comrades and so he wants leniency in exchange for telling me where the last shard is. Very well, bring him here if he wants to talk to me so badly.”
“Yes, my King,” Saitar replied. He then bowed and left.
Fifteen minutes later, Bogdan turned to see his door open and reveal two guards escorting the rebel, Gavril, inside with his hands cuffed behind him.  Bogdan had seen this man, who he didn’t think was many years younger than himself, during the incident at the City of Magi and he also remembered him as the rebel that escaped the ambush at the temple. He stood before Bogdan now with all of his equipment gone; all the rebel wore was his long-sleeved, white shirt, his pants, and his boots.
Gavril stared at Bogdan with a stone face and a stiff body. The two men stood in silence staring at one another, and Bogdan sensed that the rebel was hiding tension. He stood in front of the rebel with his hands on his hips.
Bogdan said, “I understand you demanded to speak with me?”
Gavril straightened up and swallowed hard, but for some reason, Bogdan didn’t think it was out of fear. “Yes.”
“You know where the last shard is?” Bogdan asked.
“Yes, but that’s not what I am here to talk to you about,” Gavril replied.
“Well that’s what I demand you tell me,” Bogdan replied with an unusually calm tone.
“I have something to tell you that I can assure you that you will want to hear more,” Gavril replied, “but I will need my hands to be free before I continue.”
Bogdan stared at the rebel for some time, and then he nodded at the guards. They immediately unlocked his iron cuffs and Gavril shook his wrists to get the feeling back. The guards then stood on either side of him with their blades drawn.
“Now then, what do you want to tell me, rebel?” Bogdan asked.
Gavril ignored the blades pointed at him and responded, “I want to offer you a deal. You don’t harm the other rebels in any way and in exchange, you can take all of their punishments and your anger out on me.”
Bogdan burst into laughter. He looked at Gavril, who continued to stare at him stone-faced and emotionless. “And why would I do that?”
“I take it you don’t remember me then,” Gavril said coolly.
“What are you babbling about? I know you are second in command of the rebels, but to me, all of you rebels are the same. Why are you so much more important for me to punish than the rest of them?”  Bogdan said.
“I’m not talking about the rebellion, Bogdan,” Gavril retorted sharply.
The guards winced when Gavril referred to the King by his name, and even Bogdan became annoyed, but he was too intrigued to care.
“What do you mean?” Bogdan asked.
“You and I have a history that predates even the invasion. I’m surprised you don’t remember, but then again, you’ve destroyed so many lives that I’m sure it’s hard for you to keep track of everyone. It was a very long time ago too, but I remember every detail of that night. I thought I could forget and run from what happened, but every time I turn around, my demons from the past find me. I have decided to face them head on and end this once and for all,” Gavril remarked.
Bogdan was very irritated at this point, but he spoke anyway, “You're beginning to bore me. Get to the point.”
“I suppose just showing you what you did to me that night will jog your memory,” Gavril replied. He then grabbed the bottom of his shirt and was about to lift it when the guards straightened up and moved their swords closer to him. Gavril paused, but once Bogdan gestured for the guards to step away, he continued. Once he pulled his shirt off, the color drained from Bogdan’s face.
Gavril’s abdomen bore an enormous scar from an apparent knife wound, but this one was made by no normal blade. The skin around the wound resembled the remnants of a horrible burn. Bogdan remember the rebel, all right, and he remembered the very day he gave him that wound.
Bogdan’s blanched face suddenly became beet red with anger and a vein on his forehead threatened to burst. “You . . .”
Gavril smirked and replied, “I knew this would refresh your memory.”
Bogdan took several deep breaths, and once he could speak without screaming, he said to the guards, “Leave us!”
The guards obeyed and shuffled out of the room quickly as if to avoid an explosion. Now the two men were all alone.
“It’s been a while, hasn’t it?” Gavril said smoothly.
Bogdan pointed a finger at Gavril and bellowed, “You are supposed to be dead.”
“Well, obviously, I’m not.” Gavril muttered sarcastically, “I see that your scar is looking well too.”
Bogdan brushed his fingers over the scar that crossed his blind eye and spat, “I don’t know how you are still alive, but I guarantee that you won’t be after tonight.”
“Wouldn't that make things too easy?” Gavril said, “Why just kill me? I already told you that I know where the last shard is, and I am the only one who knows. Now, I’m daring you to beat, torture, or do whatever it takes to get it out of me, but only if my friends and the other rebels are left alone. If they are unharmed, you can do whatever you want to me, and maybe I can be convinced to reveal where the shard is. If my friends are harmed, however, the location will die with me.”
“How do I know you aren’t bluffing about the shard?” Bogdan asked.
Gavril shrugged. “I could be lying about the shard, but even if I was, you and I both know damned well you would still have fun trying to get it out of me.  You’ve already caused me more pain than most people could even imagine, so you can’t do much worse.”
Bogdan chuckled, stared Gavril down within inches of his face, and in a growling whisper, replied, “I will enjoy nothing more than proving you wrong.”

After waking up in the City of Magi, Crystal and Blaze thanked the Elders over and over again before preparing to leave for their journey. Each of them had their clothes cleaned and brought back to them so, before leaving, they changed out of their borrowed clothes and garbed their own.
The Elders had stayed up several hours longer than they had, and of course, Crystal felt terrible that they did the research while she and Blaze slept. She found the Elders in the library waiting for them when they awoke.
“You are the ones who have to go on this journey.” Orwynn assured, “You need all the rest you can get!”
“Besides, we may have found something,” Ydon added.
The Elders then explained how there was an area just outside of the southeastern border of Cierith that was unclaimed territory. As Bredewig told it, the area was nothing but a wasteland of dead forest that no one dared to venture near. He then read an entry from one of the books aloud:

As I looked upon this cold forest, I stared at the dwelling of death itself. I gazed at the rotted trees that still somehow had dead leaves attached, and as I tried to inch closer, my steed jumped back in terror. This cold, gray place did not seem worth my curiosity, for I feared I would go mad if I spent more than a minute in its deadly grasp, I would go mad.

“That was your ancestor, Crystal,” Bredewig explained after closing the book. He then added, “He was known as Mortimer, King of Cierith over three hundred years ago. He was not the first who fled from this forest, nor was he the last.”
“Do you think that this forest he mentioned is the Lost Realm?” Crystal asked him.
“Not the Realm itself, but after reading this book here,” Bredewig then carefully picked up a very old book, “I believe the entrance is in the forest. You see, this book is well over a thousand years old. It is a diary, to be precise, and it contains an entry about someone who actually went to the Lost Realm to free a loved one of his.”
Bredewig then slowly opened the diary and flipped ahead carefully until he found the page he was looking for. The pages appeared so fragile that if not handled carefully, they would burst into dust. They were darkened with age and the black ink was faded, but the handwriting was still legible. Bredewig adjusted his glasses and read the entry aloud:

I see the entrance to the realm. There is only one source of life in this dreadful place, and that is the pool of silver water I see before me. This area is surrounded by a clearing, but from here, all I see is gray sky like I did when I approached the forest, even though it was sunny before I came closer. I fear what I may find once I venture down those stairs, but my love calls my name, and I have searched too long to give up on her now.

Bredewig stopped reading and carefully shut the book. Crystal and Blaze then exchanged glances.
“That’s all?” Crystal asked.
“That’s the end of the entry,” Bredewig replied.
“What about the next one?” Blaze asked.
“That was the last entry in this diary.” Bredewig responded, “The rest of the pages are blank.  We don’t even have a name for this author; I bought this diary at an auction. When we started researching the Lost Realm and Ydon found that entry from the King, I remembered the how last entry in that diary perplexed me and brought it to everyone’s attention. I then realized that the two authors must have been talking about the same location, so we all concluded that the forest area southeast of Cierith is where you will find the entrance to the Lost Realm.”
“It's our only lead, so we had better follow it,” Blaze said.
“Yes, of course,” Crystal said hazily.
After a brief silence, Bredewig asked her, “What is on your mind?”
“Well, Malcolm told Thaddeus that I needed to go to the Lost Realm to learn holy magic, and we all know that people can only go there to free souls who are trapped there, and so I’m worried that . . .” Crystal then trailed off, “. . . my parents are there, or at least my mother is. She was the last holy mage, after all, and maybe she knew how I could become a holy mage, but never got the chance to tell me.”
Bredewig thought for a moment and adjusted his glasses, then said, “I hope you are wrong, but from what we know, I fear that may be the case.”
“Well wait, Crystal,” Blaze said, “we know that the last shard is there, so maybe that’s all we’re needed there for. Maybe Malcolm is still waiting there for us to give us the shard and when he gives it to us, he’ll be set free. Calling Thaddeus may not have set him free.”
“That’s right!” Halmez exclaimed.
“I shudder to think of Malcolm being trapped in that dreadful place,” Leldor said, taking off his hat and holding it to his chest, “Even though we do not know what lies beyond the entrance to the Lost Realm, the thought of the forest itself makes my neck hair stand on end.”
“Don’t worry, we will do everything we can to get Malcolm out of the Lost Realm if he is indeed trapped there,” Crystal assured the Elders.

Later that day, Blaze and Crystal were well on their way south of Cierith. After the Elders had given them supplies and money for the journey, Blaze retrieved his horse from the stable, strapped on the horse’s saddle and bridle, and rode him out in front of the Elder’s Hall to meet Crystal.
“If only we had any extra horses in the stables, then we could give you one so that you two didn’t have to share that one,” Halmez said to Crystal as Blaze helped her mount onto the spot in front of him.
“You’ve all done more than enough, and I thank you for it,” Crystal responded politely.
“Good luck, you two,” Halmez said.
For the rest of the day, Blaze led the horse south until they came about twenty miles from the northeastern area of what used to be the Elvish Forest. As Blaze said, there were a lot of soldier camps in that area since the forest was right next to the sea border of Cierith, so he suggested the avoided that area. The two of them then turned southwest and settled down in a small village for the night.
They checked into the village inn, and Blaze, not wanting to leave Crystal by herself, insisted that they be given a room together. The innkeeper then took their money and gave them a key to a room on the second floor and told them which door it opened. However, the innkeeper assumed that Crystal and Blaze were married, because he gave them the key to a room with only one bed.
“We have to go downstairs and ask for a different room,” Crystal said.
“Maybe we shouldn’t. There are soldiers looking for use everywhere. If the innkeeper thinks we’re married, he’ll tell the soldiers he hasn’t seen us, since they all know we aren’t married,” Blaze pointed out.
Crystal then glared at Blaze and he backed away slightly.
“What?” he asked defensively.
“You just want to sleep with me, don’t you?” Crystal muttered.
“Oh come on.” Blaze said, “I just meant that it will help us keep a low profile.  I promise I won’t seduce you . . .” Blaze paused for a few seconds and then added with his eyebrow raised, “. . . unless you want me to.”
Crystal rolled her eyes and walked into the room.  Blaze smirked and shut the door behind them and as a precaution, he placed a chair under the doorknob after locking it to make sure they would awaken if soldiers tried to break in and to give them time to prepare to fight them off.
Crystal carefully slipped off her boots and placed them next to the door. She also took her belt and pendant off and placed them on the small table, and she put her azure sash and robe neatly folded on another chair in the room.
Crystal lay on the bed and pulled the sheets over her body. Blaze removed his jacket, shirt, boots, gloves, and belt and then joined her on the other side.
“You had better not try anything,” Crystal warned.
“Don’t worry, I’ll try to keep my hands to myself.  You can even tie me up, if it’ll help,” Blaze retorted.
“Nice try.”
“It was worth a shot.”
Blaze lay next to Crystal for several minutes and just as she was falling asleep, she heard him whisper, “Why are you afraid of intimacy?”
Crystal opened her eyes to see Blaze’s blue ones staring straight into them. Even though the intense color was intimidating, his expression was soft and nurturing. Crystal never thought she would see him give her a look like that, and it made her feel instantly comforted.
“I’m not . . . afraid.” she began, “I’ve always been taught that even sharing a bed with a man was inappropriate unless you were married to him.”
“Well, I guess it’s understandable that you were taught to be all prim and proper as a princess,” Blaze muttered.
“Yes,” Crystal whispered.
“Not that I have room to talk, seeing as I’ve been ridden by more women than I care to remember. . .” Blaze paused at this point when he saw the way Crystal stared daggers at him, and then continued, “. . . but why would it be such a sin to make love with someone you care about? If you know that you would never love anyone else the same, why should it matter if you don't wait until you marry them?”
“I suppose there's no harm in it,” Crystal muttered, “but the thing is, I’ve never experienced any kind of sexual tension. Every man I’ve known before you was someone I grew up with. Gavril is like a surrogate father to me, Thaddeus, having raised my mother, is practically my grandfather, and the other men in my life are more like brothers or even uncles. You are the first man I've ever felt romantic feelings for.”
Blaze sighed. She could tell he felt a little guilty about teasing her earlier. She silently let him know it was all right by hugging him and pulling him closer to her.  He gently kissed her forehead and held her back as she rested her head against his bare chest.
“Sleep well,” Blaze whispered.
Crystal then fell asleep to the sound of Blaze’s steady breathing and his arms wrapped tightly around her.

The next morning, Blaze and Crystal awoke and set out again. The innkeeper’s wife offered to give them breakfast, but they politely declined and thanked her anyway. They both knew they couldn’t stay anywhere too long, and it was quite clear that they wouldn’t be able to settle into villages anymore after seeing bounty notices posted outside the inn describing them and offering a huge reward for their return to Cartigo.
“Can you imagine our luck that the soldiers didn’t bother to check the inn to see if we were staying there?” Blaze asked once they were out of the village.
“Thankfully most Daldussan soldiers are incredibly lazy,” Crystal responded.
“If Bogdan only knew . . .” Blaze muttered with a laugh.
Deciding they had traveled far enough away from the areas with soldier camps, Blaze steered the horse south of the village. They rode throughout the day, only stopping for a few minutes every few hours to eat. Crystal eventually came to like their horse and asked Blaze if he had given him a name.
“I’ve never really given a name to a horse before,” he said to her.  Crystal had just finished eating her food and was giving the horse some oats.
“Well he’s been a huge help,” Crystal said while rubbing the horse’s nose. “We have to give him a name.”
“You can name him,” Blaze replied.
“All right. How about . . .” she then trailed off, thinking for a minute or two, and then came up with a name, “. . . Bear! My father had a horse just like this a long time ago and that’s what he named him.”
“Fine with me,” Blaze replied.
After their meal, Blaze and Crystal mounted onto Bear and rode off. The afternoon began approaching before long, and eventually, the sky began to get dark with the sunset. Blaze found a place to settle down for the night in a rocky area that was several miles east of the remains of the Elvish Forest. He suggested they settle down before dark so that they wouldn’t have to set a fire, and Crystal set up a few magic traps in the area that would explode and warn them if someone approached.
“For some odd reason, I can’t help but feel like I know this place,” Crystal told Blaze after he began setting up a tent.
“What do you mean?” Blaze asked her.
“I don’t know, but this area seems familiar . . .” Crystal muttered, trailing off.
“Well, I don’t know, but thankfully there’s enough rocky terrain here so we can keep out of sight. I’m leaving an opening so that when the sun rises, we’ll be woken up by the sunlight in time to get packed and—” At this point, Blaze turned around to face Crystal, but instead, he saw her crouched down several yards away with her back turned to him.
He rose to his feet and approached her slowly, realizing that she was staring at something sticking in the ground. As he got closer, he saw that the object in question was a rusted sword that someone had plunged into the dirt. When Blaze was standing right behind Crystal, he then noticed that tied to the hilt of the sword was what looked like a faded blue ribbon.
Blaze suddenly heard Crystal sniff, and when he knelt next to her, he saw tears forming in her eyes.
“I can’t believe it’s still here after all these years,” she whispered.
“What is this?” he asked her tenderly. He then wiped a lone tear that fell down her cheek.
“The night we escaped from the castle,” Crystal began with a teary voice, “Gavril had the soldiers wrap my parents’ bodies up and take them with us so we could give them a proper burial. We wanted to wait until we had gotten to the Dwarven Mountains, but two days after our escape, Gavril decided that we shouldn’t just let them rot in the caravan anymore, so he found a place to bury them. This is it, Blaze; this is where my parents are buried.”
Blaze looked at the sword again and noticed about six feet behind it lay two, large, flat stones. His heart sank at the realization that the two people that meant the most to Crystal as a child now lay several feet underground before him. Blaze put his arm around Crystal’s shoulders to silently let her know that he was there for her.
“Why is this sword here?” Blaze asked.
“It was my father’s. Gavril plunged it in front of their graves and I tied this to the hilt,” Crystal replied.  She then held her hand out, grazed her fingers on the ribbon, and then added, “My mother made me this ribbon after I begged and begged her to for days.  After she finished it, I wore it all the time, even to bed.  I was wearing it the night they were killed.”
Blaze then saw the letter “A” that had been delicately embroidered onto one of the ends of the ribbon. It had faded so much after being exposed to the weather and time that the once white threads had become a dirty, creamy color that mixed with the blue dye of the ribbon.
Crystal then began to sob, at which point Blaze wasted no time in embracing Crystal and letting her cry on his shoulder. She held him back and leaned on him for support, which he responded to by holding her tighter. He felt helpless at the thought of not being able to take her pain away, but he knew he had to do something for her. He wasn’t the one who actually raised his sword to her parents, but he blamed himself for helping Bogdan destroy Cierith in the wake of their death. Being near their daughter alone insulted their memory, and Blaze decided that he had to find some way to make things right.
Later that night, after Crystal fell asleep in the tent next to Blaze, he lay awake contemplating what he was going to do. He decided that Crystal meant more to him than anyone or anything, and so, he set into his mind a plan of action. He carefully slipped out of the tent without waking Crystal and quietly walked back over to the grave.
The moonlight glittered on the surface of the rocks that marked the graves of the King and Queen, but the sword at their feet was so rusted with age that nothing but decay reflected from it. Even though he knew that it was a safe bet that no one would hear him, Blaze still knelt in front of the graves, bowed his head, and said, “Hello . . . Your Majesties.”
Blaze spoke almost in a whisper. He instinctively turned to see if Crystal was still asleep, and when he saw that she had not stirred, he continued talking. “I want you both to know that you have a great daughter. From what I hear, you two were well-respected and loved, so I can see where she gets it from. As for the King, if you’re anything like Gavril and Crystal said, you probably would have run your sword right threw me the second I announced that I love your daughter. I’ve done horrible things and I know that I don’t deserve to be with her. I doubt you would want the son of your murderer marrying your daughter anyway. Even so, I want to atone for my past.”
Blaze then put his hand on the scar on his neck where the tracking mark used to be and said, “I am glad this scar is here, because now I have a reminder of who I used to be, and it will also remind me to never go back to that life. Crystal is my life now, so if you give me the strength I need, I swear that I will spend the rest of my life making up the things I have done to her. I will always do my best to protect her and, if we both survive and we do stay together, I will love her until the day I die. I promise.”
Blaze hung his head, feeling slightly silly, but in a way, he still felt better than before. Even if the King and queen didn’t hear him, he had to get all of that off his chest. He eventually rose to his feet, walked over to the tent, and crawled inside. He was relieved to find Crystal still asleep, and when he lay down beside her, she moaned and stirred a little, but did not wake. Blaze lightly kissed her forehead and prayed that she would be his forever until he drifted off to sleep.



CHAPTER 20

THE FIFTH DAY AFTER BLAZE and Crystal left the City of Magi, they finally came face to face with the decayed forest. The southeastern border of Cierith was empty of any soldier camps and it wasn’t hard to guess why. The air seemed to grow colder as they drew nearer, even though it was summer. As they figured he would, as soon as they came close to the forest, Bear became agitated and eventually wouldn’t take another step forward.
“Looks like we’ll have to walk the rest of the way on foot,” Blaze said, trying to calm Bear enough so that he and Crystal could dismount.
After tying Bear next to a nearby pool of water with a bucket of food, Blaze and Crystal then set off on foot in the direction of the forest. The closer they came, it seemed, the darker the sky became. Crystal knew now that they were indeed closing in on the entrance to the Lost Realm after remembering the diary entry that Bredewig read to them.
Up close, the forest revealed black and gray trees with similar, brittle leaves and twigs still holding onto the branches. The air felt stale and decayed even several yards from the edge of the forest. The air was cold, but instead of a chill, it gave Blaze and Crystal more of a clammy feeling. The eeriest part of it, however, was the silence. No sound of wind blowing, birds chirping, or even bugs or snakes crawling came from the forest of death.
Once they read the edge of the forest, Crystal was overcome with a sense of sadness and grief. She began to cry, and she could not understand why.
“I'm not thinking of anything sad and yet I can’t stop crying,” Crystal said. She looked at Blaze, who had his hand on his chest.
“I don’t feel sadness, I feel guilt. My chest hurts too,” he said.
Crystal grabbed his free hand, squeezed it, and said, “I think the forest is bringing out our negative emotions, or rather, the Lost Realm is. Let’s just stick together and help each other through it.”
“Agreed,” Blaze responded.
They then walked forward with their hands interlocked despite their growing fears. Blaze led the way, striking dead branches out of the way with his sword, and Crystal stayed with her hand in his close behind him. As they ventured further, the trees grew more and more crowded together and it was getting increasingly hard to navigate through the thick, dead brush. The dead grass crunched under their feet, and if it wasn’t for that and the sound of Blaze’s sword slicing through the brush, Crystal felt she would have been driven mad by the silence in the air.
They continued walking until suddenly, Blaze stopped, turned to face Crystal, and said, “What?”
“What?” Crystal repeated.
“You said my name, what’s wrong?” Blaze said.
“I didn’t say a word,” Crystal replied.
Blaze gave her a confused look and then shrugged and said, “It must be my mind trying to make up for the lack of sound. Let’s keep moving.”
They walked along some more and after a while, every step involved stepping over a tree root.
Blaze suddenly snapped his head back to Crystal again and said, “Okay, I definitely heard it that time.  Did you say my name?”
“No, Blaze. I am not saying your name. I don’t even hear it,” Crystal assured.
“I can't wait until we get out of here,” Blaze muttered, turning around and marching forward again.
Eventually, Crystal spotted a dim light up ahead and a faint sparkle. When she pointed it out, Blaze marched right for it. They finally came across a small clearing where there was a rock formation covered in dead vines. At the bottom of the formation was a small pool of water, but neither Crystal nor Blaze could see the bottom, even though it didn’t look deep.
“It’s not muddy, but it’s so opaque that it looks like a bottomless pit,” Crystal said.
“Where are the stairs, though?” Blaze asked, “The diary entry said the traveler came across a set of stairs.”
“That’s right,” Crystal remembered. She and Blaze then circled every inch of the clearing, but found no secret passageways hidden under the rocks or even the brush.
“Damn,” Blaze cursed. “It has to be here. We better not have come all this way for nothing.”
“I’m sure we’ll find it,” Crystal said, trying to calm Blaze.
Out of frustration, Blaze then picked up a palm sized rock and tossed it into the water. However, instead of a splash, the two of them heard a CLANK several times after the stone hit the water. They heard the noise continue and then slow down and grow softer.
“The water didn’t ripple!” Crystal exclaimed.
Blaze then added, “That noise almost sounded like something tumbling down a flight of—”
“Stairs!” they both exclaimed simultaneously. They then knelt down in front of the water and tried to see past the surface, but could not. Blaze then daringly stuck his arm into the water and saw no ripples form.  Then, after he pulled his arm out, he discovered that it was completely dry.
“It’s just an illusion,” Crystal stated.
Blaze grabbed another rock and handed it to Crystal, saying, “Think your magic fire can light this?”
“Sure, magic fire can light anything,” she replied.
“Good, light the rock and throw it in the water, or illusion, whatever it is. Maybe it will light the path,” Blaze said.
“Good idea,” Crystal praised him.
Crystal concentrated on the rock in her hand and it was immediately engulfed in flames. She then tossed it onto the water and they immediately saw a set of stairs as the stone passed over them. The stone bounced down several steps and once it stopped, they could see the path.
“I’ll light the rest of the way,” Crystal said. She held her hand up like she was holding a lantern and her hand suddenly erupted in flames. Blaze grabbed her other hand and then the two walked side by side down the stairs and into the unknown.

As Blaze and Crystal stepped down the first few steps, the surface of the water once again lie still and did not stir. Once their heads were under, they realized that they could breathe as well, so they both relaxed.  They continued down the stairs completely dry and with Crystal’s hand still providing light.
“I can barely see where we are going. We’d better be careful not to trip,” Blaze warned.
“I can fix that,” Crystal replied. She then held her hand out in front of her and the flame turned blue.  Suddenly, a dozen small orbs of fire danced away from her hands and lined up on either side of the stairs.  The orbs stretched roughly eight steps in front of them, so Blaze and Crystal were able to see the next step and avoid falling.
Blaze raised his eyebrows at the spectacle. “It must be fun to be a mage.”
After smiling and shaking her head, Crystal continued down the stairs with Blaze trailing close behind her. They began hearing wailing and cries echoing in the distance, which made Crystal slow down and pull herself closer to Blaze for comfort.
Finally, the orbs shined their light on an odd archway. As soon as they stepped through the archway, the floor began to glow to reveal a large, round platform. The platform was surrounded by an enclosed gate that glowed dimly and didn’t resemble any kind of metal. The only opening was the one they came through even though another gate door lie directly across from it. The gate door, however, was closed and when Blaze tried to open it, he discovered it was locked.
“There’s no lock here. How can this thing be locked without a lock?” he exclaimed.
Crystal then waved her hand and the orbs disappeared. She looked all around her and noticed that the area surrounding the gate was completely black. There were no walls or any scenery beyond the gates surrounding the platform. It was complete emptiness.
Suddenly, a figure began to take shape in the middle of the platform in front of Crystal. White and gray smoke circled the floor up to eight feet high.  Fearing for Crystal’s safety, Blaze ran to her side and drew his sword.
He pointed his sword at the figure, who as soon as it took form, said in a deep echoing voice, “How foolish of you to draw your blade to something you do not know . . .”
The figure was well over eight feet tall and resembled and sounded like a man. He was definitely not human, but Crystal could not figure out just what he was. His body was covered in a long, gray, hooded robe that lightly brushed across the floor. His hood was up, but his white and gray patterned face could be seen. His eyes were empty and completely white, and he appeared to be bald, but his hood covered most of his head.
The being moved closer to them, but instead of walking, he seemed to glide across the floor, as if he didn’t have feet under his robe. He then spoke again, “Lower your sword, Blaze. It will not help you in the Lost Realm.”
“The Lost Realm? So we did make it,” Crystal said.
“Indeed, Crystal, you have,” the figure replied.
“How do you know our names?” Blaze demanded.
“I am the Guardian of the Lost,” the figure said. “I am a manifestation of the memories of those trapped here. I guide the souls to their resting place once they are free. If there were no souls trapped here, then I would not exist. I know every living being who comes through here because only those who the lost souls know can free them. You are both known here, and so I know you as well.”
Blaze then sheathed his sword hesitantly. He and Crystal then straightened up.
“Where is the soul we must free?” Crystal asked.
“Follow me,” the guardian commanded. He then turned around, approached the locked gate, and the gate disappeared as soon as he came within a few feet of it.
Crystal and Blaze walked side by side right behind the Guardian, and as he glided out into the black area, a small path appeared before him. The path led along into the darkness and the end was nowhere in sight. It was then that Crystal noticed small orbs of sparkling light floating around in the distance.
“What are those?” she asked the Guardian.
“Souls,” the guardian explained. “Their spirits may take their original human shape, but only when someone approaches to free them. Before that time, however, they float around as spirit orbs.”
Suddenly, another platform appeared a little ways ahead of them and they followed the guardian right onto it. Once again, this platform glowed as they stepped onto it, but this one was smaller than the first. Once Blaze and Crystal were both standing on the platform, the path behind them disappeared.
“Now then, it is time for you to release this lost soul,” said the guardian. He then said into the empty space, “Come forth, Malcolm.”
An orb appeared from somewhere in the distance and floated onto the platform. It hovered in the center of the platform for a few seconds and then suddenly took the shape of a man.
“Malcolm!” Crystal cried.
Malcolm’s body was mostly transparent, but his face appeared almost alive. He was covered in a misty cloak which had a hood pulled over his head.
“Crystal, thank heavens you were able to escape the castle. I spoke to Thaddeus in his sleep and he told me you had been captured,” Malcolm cried.
“Why are you here, Malcolm?” Crystal asked.
“When I died, a piece of the Eye of Gaull came with me here. It seems that I must give it to you so that Eye may be destroyed once it’s fused back together,” Malcolm replied.
“Thaddeus mentioned that I would learn what I need to do to use holy magic if I came here,” Crystal replied. 
“Yes, my dear,” Malcolm replied. 
“So then only I can destroy it?” Crystal asked.
“No, holy magic cannot destroy, Crystal. Holy magic and dark magic are both needed in the world for balance. One cannot exist without the other, and therefore, holy magic is needed to add balance to the darkness that makes up Eye of Gaull. This will weaken it so that an outside source may destroy it,” Malcolm explained.
“Outside source?” asked Crystal.
“Holy mages carry out Caris’s work on the world she created. Light and darkness cannot act on its own, but must live through the deeds of humanity.  Therefore, another human must destroy it after you have done your part,” Malcolm replied.
“I’ll do it,” Blaze offered.
“Good,” Malcolm said, “Just use your sword to smash it when the time comes, and it will be instantly reduced to dust.” 
“Malcolm, how is it you know this? I thought someone had to be born a holy mage?” Crystal asked.
“That’s what most people believe, but there are very rare occasions when a hybrid mage is born. A hybrid mage is someone who can use both elemental magic and holy magic. There are some hybrids also born with the ability to use dark magic combined with elemental magic. The last hybrid mage is said to have lived over five hundred years ago,” Malcolm explained.
“What does that have to do with me?” Crystal asked.
“Well, there is something I never told you, Crystal. You see, when you were a child, your mother wrote a letter to me about a concern she had. You had shown signs of elemental magical abilities at a very early age, so once you were older, Thaddeus was going to privately tutor you.
“However, your mother told me that she noticed something peculiar about you one day when she was playing with you in the garden. She said you noticed a bird with a broken wing in the grass and went to help it. You picked it up and asked your mother to heal it, but as you held it, it flew away like it had never been injured. Your mother told me that you thought she had done it, but she swore to me that she did not heal the bird, you had. In other words, you showed signs of both elemental and holy magic as a child, and therefore, you showed signs of being a hybrid mage,” Malcolm explained.
“Before you died, when you said I needed to use holy magic to destroy the Eye of Gaull, you didn’t mean that I needed to acquire it, you knew I had the power all along?” Crystal asked in disbelief.
“Well yes, but you must figure out how to awaken it. I am afraid all I can tell you is that you are stopping yourself from using it,” Malcolm replied.
“What does that mean?” Crystal asked confusingly.
“Just remember what we talked about that day in my study. Your emotions get the best of you, but only because you let them. It’s your negative emotions, to be precise,” Malcolm explained.
“How can I stop them from controlling me?” Crystal asked.
“I am sorry, dear. To truly defeat them, you must figure it out yourself,” Malcolm replied.
Crystal sighed and said, “I see.”
“What about the shard?” Blaze asked.
“Come forth and I shall give it to you,” Malcolm said.
Blaze walked hesitantly up to Malcolm’s ghost. Once he stood in front of him, Blaze held out his hand. Malcolm held out his own, transparent hand with his palm facing down, and the shard suddenly appeared in Blaze’s outstretched hand.
“By the way,” Malcolm said to Blaze, “I would like to apologize for threatening to kill you.”
Blaze laughed and said, “Well it opened my eyes to what Bogdan really was, so I suppose I should thank you for it.”
Malcolm smiled and slowly started to fade away when he said, “And I want to thank you for protecting Crystal.”
With that, Malcolm disappeared with a flash of light.
“His soul is free now,” the Guardian stated.
“Well then, let’s get out of here so we can destroy this thing,” Blaze said, turning back to Crystal.
“I am afraid you cannot leave yet,” the Guardian said.
“Why not?” Crystal asked.
“There is another soul that Blaze must free,” the guardian replied.
“Me? Who is here that only I can free?” Blaze asked confusingly.
The Guardian did not respond, but simply called out to the empty space once more, “Come forth, Althea.”
“Althea? My mother?” Blaze exclaimed.
Another orb floated right behind Blaze.  He turned around in time to see the form of a young woman taking shape. She had long, spiraling, black curls atop her head and she had the same blue eyes as her son. She had much fairer skin than he did, but Blaze still looked just like her.
“Blaze . . . my son,” Althea cried.
She attempted to put her hand on his face, but it went right through his skin and made him shiver. Blaze tried to speak to her, but he was so stunned that no words came out. Crystal walked to his side and put her hand on his arm, which startled him enough to help him speak.
“Mother . . .” was all he could say.
“It’s all right, I understand this is probably quite a shock,” Althea responded. She then turned to Crystal and said, “Who is your friend?”
“This is . . . Crystal,” Blaze stammered. Crystal smiled.
“Are you . . . courting her?” Althea asked.
Crystal blushed as Blaze muttered, “You could say that, yes.”
“She’s beautiful,” Althea said.
“Thank you,” Crystal replied, still blushing, even though she thought Althea’s beauty far surpassed her own.
“Wh . . .what are you doing here?” Blaze asked in a weak voice.
Althea sighed and began in a soft voice, “Well, when I was killed—” 
“Killed? Bogdan told me you died of an illness,” Blaze interrupted.
Althea sighed again and responded, “I can see you do not call him ‘Father,’ so that will make telling you this much easier. I am afraid that Bogdan lied to you about my death, Blaze. I knew he would.”
The color drained from Blaze’s face. Crystal felt stunned herself, but in a way, she wasn’t surprised that Bogdan wasn’t telling the whole story of the death of the mother of his child.
“How did you truly die?” Blaze asked.
“Well, the best way to explain my death is to show you the events that took place and led up to it,” Althea responded.
“Show us?” Crystal asked.
“Yes,” Althea responded. “Here in the Lost Realm, we are given the ability to show visions of our memories if necessary. I must warn you, however, because you may be shocked and disturbed by what you see.”
Althea then bowed her head and suddenly, a scene slowly appeared before them. They were in the middle of a wedding scene and dozens of richly dressed people sat in pews watching a judge delivering his speech to a bride and groom. Althea then stepped aside so that they could see the scene.
“This is the castle in Daldussa,” Blaze declared.
“Correct. This is the day I married Bogdan,” Althea responded.
Just then, the bride and groom turned and faced each other and Blaze and Crystal saw a much younger Bogdan. Despite his age, Crystal easily recognized him. She also noticed that he did not have the scar across his left eye, but his sharp, intimidating features were still there.
The young Bogdan lifted the veil from the bride’s face to reveal a very young and frightened Althea. Bogdan was nearly a foot taller than the frail young girl.
“You don’t look any older me here,” Crystal said solemnly.
“I had just turned seventeen the day before, actually,” Althea replied.
“You were still practically a child,” Crystal muttered in disbelief.
“Our marriage wasn't exactly my decision,” Althea explained. “My father was the king of Balim, which is a kingdom southwest of Daldussa, and he wanted to form an alliance with Bogdan. After Bogdan was crowned king three years before the wedding, my father offered to give me as his wife in exchange for an alliance. Bogdan agreed, and so three years later, once I was old enough to be married, here I was, petrified and unsure of what would come next.”
Crystal felt disgusted that a man could sell his daughter like that, but what made her gut wrench more was the look on the young Bogdan’s face when he said, “I do.” He then kissed Althea and the crowd clapped.
“Little did I know,” Althea said sadly, “just what kind of horrors would await me over the next four years.”
The wedding scene melted away and turned into a scene in a parlor. Althea stood before Bogdan, who was pacing and yelling at her.
“Why were you late to the dinner with my associates?” Bogdan spat. “They were expecting to meet my Queen and instead I had to explain why you weren't there.”
The vision Althea lowered her head and sheepishly uttered, “I'm sorry, I was reading and lost track of time.”
“Then perhaps you should stop worrying about your childish stories and worry more about your responsibilities,” Bogdan barked.
Althea lifted her head to argue. “But Bogdan . . .”
Before she could finish her sentence, the vision Bogdan struck the vision Althea with the back of his hand and knocked her to the floor. Crystal gasped and put a hand to her mouth and watched helplessly as the vision Althea lay on the floor sobbing and repeatedly saying, “I’m sorry. I won't disappoint you again.”
“Good, and you would do well to obey me next time as well.” The vision Bogdan then sneered at her before strolling casually out of the room and slamming the door shut behind him.
Crystal looked at Blaze, who had been silent the whole time, and saw the anger in his face. He brought his hand up to his forehead and closed his eyes, unable to take in what he just witnessed.
“Believe it or not, that wasn’t even the worst of the abuse I endured,” Althea muttered. Her younger self then rose to her feet when she saw she was alone, and Blaze and Crystal both had watery eyes when they saw the large, bloody bruise already forming on the side of her face. The poor girl touched the side of her face and looked at her fingers to discover the blood. She then walked weakly out of the room with a blank expression on her face. “Bogdan always found a reason to hurt me. He always made me feel like I was his slave rather than his Queen.”
Blaze began breathing heavily out of anger, so Crystal grabbed his hand and squeezed it in an assuring manner, which calmed him down.
“A year after we married, I even tried to take my own life, but thankfully, someone was there to stop me,” Althea said, “and he would be the one person that would not only make my life bearable, but he would give me all the things in life that no one else would.”
The scene then changed again. They were now in a large, run-down kitchen and a young man was on his hands and knees scrubbing the floor with a scrubbing brush and a bucket of soapy water. He was slightly lanky and had thin, dark hair that reached the bottom of his neck.  He wore torn old clothing that was too big for him that was covered in patches.
Althea soon came through the doorway after another apparent beating. Her eye was swollen and bruised, and her cheek was stained with blood and tears. The second the servant saw her, he dropped everything and wiped his wet hands on his clothes as he rushed over to her.
“Let me see,” he said urgently. It was clear by the way he said it that this wasn’t the first time Althea walked into the kitchen with a black eye. The young servant gently lifted Althea’s face with his forefinger and thumb, and carefully examined the wound.
After he gave her a reassuring expression, the servant then set Althea down on a nearby chair, wet a rag, and knelt by her side. She winced as he dabbed the cloth on her wound, but the servant patiently paused until she was comfortable and then started cleaning the wound again.
“He was always there for me,” Althea said. “He may have been just a kitchen servant to the rest of the world, but to me, he was the world. He always held me when I cried, treated my wounds when Bogdan hit me, and before long . . .” After trailing off, she watched herself stare into the servant’s eyes. Without warning, the servant gently kissed the vision Althea on the lips, and then the real Althea added, “. . . we fell in love.”
Crystal wiped a tear from her eye as she watched the servant brush a curl from Althea’s face as he continued to gently kiss her. She then looked at Blaze and saw a slight smile try to form in the corner of his mouth.
Upon looking back at the servant, however, she couldn’t help but notice his eyes after he pulled away from the kiss. They were brown, and the way he smiled at Althea made him seem familiar to Crystal, but she knew she couldn’t possibly know a servant from Daldussa.
“We tried to hide our feelings because we knew that it could cost us our lives if we acted on them, but neither of us could fight it anymore. Less than a year after we met, he and I finally confessed our love and we had an affair in secret,” Althea said.
The scene changed once again to Althea staring out of her bedroom window. From where she was standing, Crystal could see a carriage leaving a drawbridge and then traveling down a mountainous path.
“Throughout the next two years, when Bogdan had to leave for weeks and sometimes months at a time to see to business with his military, my lover would sneak into my bedroom every night,” Althea told them.
In the vision, they then saw the servant walk through the door and lock it behind him. He and Althea then approached each other and without hesitation, passionately kissed. Crystal blushed as she watched Althea unbutton the servant’s shirt and pull it off, and she looked away when she saw the servant begin to unlace the back of Althea’s dress as he kissed her neck. Crystal noticed that Blaze was looking away too, but fortunately, the scene changed again before it just as the two of them fell onto the bed.
The scene now showed Althea six months pregnant and sitting in a rocking chair with Bogdan looking down at her. He was smiling, but in his usual sickening fashion, and actually boasting about finally having a son.
“Bogdan often yelled at me for not giving him a son, and finally, he got his wish. I became pregnant, and even though no one could have known it was a boy, he still wanted to believe it was. I prayed and prayed that I would have a boy out of fear of what he would do if I didn’t. Obviously, though, my prayers were answered,” Althea then smiled at Blaze again, who managed to smile back.
The scene shifted again suddenly to a very sweet and heartwarming sight. Althea, who was the same age as the spirit speaking to them, was sitting in a chair in a nursery holding a tiny newborn baby with thick black hair and blue eyes. Crystal smiled and laughed as the baby Blaze grabbed one of Althea’s curls and smiled.
Crystal then looked at the grown Blaze that she knew and was stunned to see his eyes watering. It broke her heart to see Blaze this way and she wondered what would have happened if Althea had lived long enough for her son to have remembered her.
In the vision, Bogdan walked into the nursery and sensing his presence, the vision Althea grew silent and now bore a fake smile. He stepped behind her and put his hand on her shoulder, and Crystal could see her wince.
“He’s going to be a fine warrior someday,” Bogdan said proudly, “just like his father.”
Crystal saw the vision Althea close her eyes to fight back tears, and when she looked back at Blaze, she saw the guilt and shame flood across his face.
“That was the moment I decided that I could never let you be like him, Blaze,” Althea said. “Bogdan gave me only one choice the entire time we were married, and that was what to name you. I chose the name ‘Blaze’ from my favorite book as a child. He was a noble and kind hero, and I wanted you to be the same way.
“You see, my lover had found a way for us to escape the castle so we could flee the kingdom and get married, but I felt I couldn’t leave because I was afraid that you would both be put in danger. However, I finally decided that I was going to give you the choice to be the person you wanted to be, and so, my lover and I decided to leave Daldussa and flee to Cierith.”
“Why Cierith?” Crystal asked.
“There are beaches there in the south and east. In Balim, I lived next to the ocean and always wanted to go swimming in the water, but I was not allowed. My whole life I dreamed of swimming in the ocean, so my lover wanted to take me there. Obviously I couldn’t go back to Balim, because my father would have found me and shipped me back to Daldussa, so Cierith was the best option,” Althea explained.
Crystal’s heart sank, but then she directed her attention to the scene changing once again to the castle library. It was in the middle of the night and Blaze and Crystal watched as the servant led Althea, who was clutching the infant Blaze in her free arm, to a bookshelf. The servant flipped some kind of switch in the back of it, and then he carefully pulled the shelf outward like a door to reveal a secret passage.
“He found the passage a month before. It led to the outer walls of the castle, so we could have escaped without anyone ever knowing where to find us,” Althea said, “but . . .”
Before Althea and the servant could make their exit, dozens of guards flooded into the library with torches lit and swords drawn. Crystal’s heart sank and as she watched a raged Bogdan march into the room and yell for the guards to take Blaze. The screaming baby was heartlessly pried out of Althea’s arms and another guard holding her from running after him.  She cried her son’s name repeatedly, and the grown Blaze took several steps back shaking his head in disbelief.
When the servant tried to pull the guard off of Althea, Bogdan ordered several other guards to restrain him. He then marched over to the sobbing vision Althea and grabbed her by the hair. “Did you honestly think you can put out to a servant and not expect me to find out?” He then faced her towards the servant and gave him the most heartless and gut wrenching grin before taking a large knife out of his vest and plunging it into straight Althea’s chest.
Crystal cried out and cupped her hands over her mouth. Her tears began flowing uncontrollably as she saw the servant screaming in horror and blood dripping from the vision Althea’s trembling lips. Blaze was visibly shaking and fighting back tears, and he nearly lost it when the young Bogdan removed the knife and tossed Althea to the floor like an old rag doll.
The servant managed to break free of the hold the guards had on him and he fell to the floor next to Althea. The guards went to grab him again, but Bogdan held his hand out for them to stop. As sickening as it was, the King seemed to take pleasure in watching the heartbreaking scene.
Just when Crystal didn’t think she could cry anymore or could witness anything more shocking, the servant placed his hand on Althea’s face, and she breathed her last words, “I’m so sorry . . . Gavril.”
“No!” Blaze cried, “It can’t be!”
Crystal felt numb. She couldn’t believe she hadn’t recognized the same warm brown eyes that always comforted her and the same smile that assured her things would be all right. She then watched with a broken heart as the young Gavril leaned over Althea and sobbed hysterically, “Please don’t leave me!”
Then, Bogdan leaned over Gavril and uttered, “That's what happens when you covet another man's wife.”
In an act of vengeance, the young Gavril then removed a knife from his vest and blindly swung it upwards. Bogdan flew onto his back screaming, and Crystal had a feeling it was more out of rage than pain. When Bogdan looked up again, Crystal’s heart sank at the sight of an enormous and deep gash across his left eye.
In the ten years since she first saw Bogdan’s scar, she never in her life would have thought Gavril put it there.
Several guards ripped the knife out of Gavril’s hand and held him to the ground while holding his arms behind his back and his legs to the ground. Bogdan rose to his feet, clutching his face again, and ordered the guards to stand Gavril up. The men obeyed without hesitation and even though Gavril still struggled, he couldn’t budge an inch with all of the guards restraining him. 
Bogdan then walked over to an old desk and opened a drawer to reveal a black box inside it. Bogdan picked up the box, opened it, and pulled out a  dark and curved blade that had strange, demonic symbols on it. Bogdan began to chuckle as he turned to look at Gavril and said, “I never thought I would have to use this blade. There is a dark curse on this blade and once it is used to stab someone, the victim’s blood boils and the flow slows down dramatically. A wound that would normally bleed out quickly would take weeks to do so, and because the blade makes the blood boil, the victim lies in agony the entire time they wait to die. It will literally make the victim feel like they are being slowly burned alive. I can't think of a more fitting punishment for you.”
Bogdan smiled inhumanely as he twirled the cursed dagger in his hand mockingly as he walked towards the pale and petrified Gavril. When he got up close, he ripped Gavril’s shirt open with his free hand and without hesitation, he plunged the blade into Gavril’s abdomen. The then scene went dark as they all heard Gavril’s screams of agony.
Althea bowed her head, sniffed, and tearfully said, “The last thing I heard was Gavril’s scream, and it has haunted me for years. To this day, I have no idea how Bogdan found out about my affair but I am just so relieved that he didn’t harm you, Blaze.”
Blaze paced back and forth with his hand on his forehead. His anxiety reached its highest level, and he kept muttering to himself, “Why didn’t Gavril tell me?”
Althea’s head snapped up and she asked Blaze, “What do you mean, Blaze? Do you . . . know Gavril?”
Blaze, however, couldn’t respond out of shock, but Crystal wiped her face and managed to reply, “Gavril is still alive, Althea. I’ve known him my whole life, and Blaze knows him too.”
A hopeful smile grew on Althea’s face and she stammered out, “How did he survive?”
Crystal then told Althea the story of how her father found Gavril floating on the raft and then brought him to Cartigo where her mother healed him. She told him how he became her father’s general, how he and her father were best friends, and even tearfully told her how he hid with her and watched Bogdan kill her parents. She also told Althea about how she and Gavril met Blaze and recruited him with the rebels, leaving out the details of how Blaze and Gavril fought on a regular basis, of course. She then concluded by telling Althea what a great man Gavril was and how he dedicated his life to protecting her.
Althea cried tears of joy and said, “I am so happy Gavril is alive! I only wish I could see him again!”
“You can, Althea,” the Guardian said. Everyone jumped when they heard him speak, having forgotten he was there.
“How can I see him? Please tell me,” Althea begged.
“Just as you can show others your memories, you can view the memories of others. In this case, it is necessary for you to receive closure,” the Guardian explained. “Place your hand on Crystal’s and you will see Gavril.”
Althea stepped towards Crystal with her hand out, and Crystal smiled and did the same. When their hands touched, Crystal felt a chill over her whole body, and Althea gasped and closed her eyes.
“Oh my goodness,” she muttered. She then smiled and said, “I see him! He’s much older, but there’s no mistaking his eyes. I see him by your side, protecting you. He’s a wonderful fighter. He’d always wanted to learn to use a sword. Now I see him . . . oh, he’s looking at the ocean. He looks . . . sad here.”
Crystal’s heart sank again and she replied, “Yes, I sometimes found him staring at the ocean when we were near it, and when I asked him what he was doing, he would say, ‘just wondering what it would be like to live on the beach.’ I never understood what he meant until now.”
“I hate the thought of him feeling sad for me,” Althea said softly, “but from the sound of it, he’s led a great life.”
“Yes, he has,” Crystal assured.
Althea then removed her hand from Crystal’s and wiped a tear from her face. “That's all I ever wanted for him.” She looked at Blaze and then back at Crystal and said, “You two love each other, right?”
Crystal and Blaze both smiled and nodded.
Althea looked at Blaze again and said, “I want you to take good care of her, understand? Whatever you do, don’t take her for granted.” After Blaze nodded, Althea then added, “Now I need you to do something for me, Blaze. Only you can do it, so I will whisper it in your ear. Will you take this burden and lift it from my soul?”
“Yes,” Blaze answered quickly.
Althea then walked over to his side, put her hand in front of her mouth, and whispered into Blaze’s ear. Because she was much shorter than he was, Blaze had to lean downward a bit for her to reach.
For several minutes, Crystal watched Blaze’s breathing quicken again and his eyes growing wider.  Suddenly, the color drained from Blaze’s face and the Gaull shard slipped out of his limp hand and fall with a clank onto the floor. Althea finished whispering and then backed away.
Blaze’s legs began to shake, and Crystal rushed forward to catch him before he collapsed. They knelt down on the ground together and Crystal wrapped her arms around him. She wished she could ask what it was his mother told him, but she knew that he would not tell her.
Just then, Althea knelt down in front of Blaze and said, “I wish I was alive so I could hold you right now, Blaze. I want you to know how much I love you.” She then turned to Crystal and said, “I want to thank you for turning him into a good man and for being there when he needed someone.”
Crystal realized then that Althea saw her memories of her first encounter with Blaze. She smiled at her and said, “He always had the ability to be a good man. I only showed him the good he couldn’t see in himself.”
“Mother . . .” Blaze muttered. The two women looked at Blaze, who had his head turned down. He looked up with a tear-soaked face and said, “I swear that I will free you.”
Althea smiled and said, “I know you will. I love you.”
“I love you too,” Blaze muttered weakly.
With a flash of light, Althea’s form faded and turned back into a spirit orb and floated away.



CHAPTER 21

BOGDAN PACED IN THE CASTLE library in Cartigo.  Saitar, standing petrified a few feet away, had just informed the King that there have been no sightings of Crystal and Blaze. He waited in agonizing silence, wondering when the King would snap. The rogue Elder feared that if he said anything before Bogdan spoke again, his neck may be broken by the end of the evening.
“They couldn’t have just disappeared. Someone had to have seen them and they just aren’t coming forward to report it. If it gets out that the princess is alive, the people of Cierith will surely rise against me along with the rebels,” the King shouted.
“What do you think we should do, my King?” Saitar stammered.
Bogdan paced for a little while longer, muttering to himself, before finally saying, “Send an announcement out to every village saying that anyone withholding information will be put to death.”
“Yes my King,” Saitar replied and obediently bowed. He then turned around and left the library.
Bogdan had enough to deal with without those two slipping through his fingers again and again; he was also getting nowhere finding the last Gaull shard. The only person who claimed to know where to find it wasn’t talking, despite nearly a week of severe beatings and torture. Bogdan then felt it was time to pay his special prisoner another visit. After a quick gulp of a full glass of scotch, he left the library and headed to the west wing of the castle.
Bogdan climbed the spiral stairwell in the old western tower of the castle. At the top was where he kept his prisoner in a room that had filthy, rotting, wooden floors. It had been abandoned since the invasion, so Bogdan couldn’t think of a better place for him to have private talks with his prisoner.
Two guards were stationed around the clock outside of the door, and when Bogdan approached, the guards saluted him and granted him entrance.  One of the guards unlocked the door with a key tied to his belt and the King entered into the dark room, shutting the door behind him. The only source of light was a tiny window that was too high for anyone to see out of. The dim light coming from the window barely illuminated the room enough to reveal the silhouette of a figure huddled against the wall.
The room was void of a bed or any other furniture, so the rebel, Gavril, was forced to lie alone on the floor. Bogdan stared at Gavril, who did not look up when he entered, for several silent minutes. Even through the cloudy light passing through the window, he could see the cuts and bruises on his body. He almost smiled at the memory of putting them there.
“Are you ready to tell me where the shard is?” Bogdan finally asked.
A weary and broken Gavril lifted his head with all of his strength and replied, “What shard?”
“You know damned well ‘what shard’. Stop toying with me!” Bogdan rebuked.
Gavril managed to sit upright, despite having several cracked ribs and a broken arm, and through the bruises on his face he muttered, “What can you possibly do to me that you haven’t done already?  Nothing you can do to me will be worse than what you did all those years ago.”
“I didn't defile another man’s marriage. You deserved the punishment I gave you! You should have known what your fate would be when you decided to bed with my wife,” Bogdan growled.
“Althea didn’t deserve her fate,” Gavril argued.
Bogdan inhaled fiercely. “I gave her riches, jewels, and a life of luxury! How did she repay me? She not only spread her legs to you but she was also going to take my son away with you as well! You both deserved more than what you got!”
“She didn’t want riches or jewels! She just wanted love. I gave that to her because you are incapable of feeling anything,” Gavril shouted through the pain.
Out of anger, Bogdan then grabbed Gavril by the neck and squeezed. Even though his was already bruised and painful, Gavril stayed his ground and did not show weakness.
“Why won’t you give in?” Bogdan screamed. He then tossed Gavril by the neck back onto the floor.
Gavril coughed and hacked for air, which only hurt more, and rebuked, “I told you, no physical torture can be worse than the mental torture I went through all those years ago. Do you have any idea how it felt to make love to Althea knowing you would rape her the second you got home, and that there wasn’t a thing I could do about it? Not to mention, the pain I felt every time I saw a bruise on her body. When I watched her son get ripped out of her arms, it destroyed me.  Perhaps the worst part was the look you gave me before making me watch you plunge a knife into her heart.”
Bogdan then drove his fist into Gavril’s already cracked ribs and grinned with satisfaction when he felt them break under his knuckles. Gavril's agonizing screams calmed his nerves and instantly put the King in a better mood.
Bogdan rose to his feet, brushed himself off, and said, “Well, I believe I’ve relieved enough stress for the time being. I have other important matters to attend to, so I will be back later.”
With those last words, the King strolled out of the room as casually as if he had just been visiting an old friend.

The Guardian of the Lost led Blaze and Crystal back to the entrance of the Lost Realm. Crystal clutched the Gaull shard in one hand and held Blaze’s hand in the other. His face was still pale and he was covered in a nervous sweat. Crystal could not imagine what Althea told him to do, but it seemed like even though she couldn’t know, she would have to try and find a way to comfort him and help him accomplish his task in any way she could.
“You must not travel with the last shard while people are looking for you.” the Guardian said after stopping at the archway, “I will transport you both back to Cartigo.”
“We have our horse tied up about a mile outside of the forest,” Crystal said.
“Do not fret, your horse will be sent to Cartigo as well,” the Guardian assured.
“Thank you,” Crystal replied. She then turned to Blaze, kissed the scar area on his neck, and whispered, “I’m here for you.”
Blaze turned to her, squeezed her hand and smiled. She could tell he was still too much in shock to feel like talking, and she felt helpless watching him suffer.
“Stand in the middle of the platform,” commanded the Guardian. Crystal and Blaze obeyed, and once they were standing still, the Guardian then said, “Good luck to the both of you.”
With a flash of light, the scene around Crystal and Blaze disappeared and within seconds, the forest outside of Cartigo surrounded them.
“Bear!” Crystal cried.
As the guardian promised, their horse had been transported right next to them. Crystal hugged Bear’s neck and brushed her hand across his black mane.
“Why are you so attached to him?” Blaze asked.
“I like animals,” Crystal replied, “and this one has been so loyal and sweet! I guess I also feel attached because he will always remind me of the journey you and I have been through.”
Blaze smiled and embraced Crystal. She wrapped him arms around him in return and they held each other for several minutes.
“I don’t know what will happen once we go in there.  I have a feeling that this will be the final battle with Bogdan. Before we face him, I want you to know that I will love you until the end,” Blaze whispered.
“I love you too, Blaze,” Crystal whispered back.
Blaze then pulled away from her and kissed her.  Crystal felt her knees weaken and she held onto Blaze’s neck for support. He pulled his lips away from hers and stared into her eyes briefly.
“Let’s go,” he whispered.
“All right,” Crystal responded.

Thaddeus was beginning to feel tired again, despite having slept for several days. After waking from his first magic sleep and instructing Blaze to rescue Crystal and take her to the Elders, he put himself to sleep again so that Saitar would not see them going to the City of Magi. He suddenly woke from his self-induced sleep after three days and realized that he could no longer see through Blaze’s eyes, so he felt better knowing that he and Crystal could achieve their mission without being caught.
Thaddeus’s old body was crouched in the corner of the same cell he was sheltered in for nearly two weeks. His comrades were growing as weary as he was as they all desperately tried to get comfortable, but their efforts were in vain. Kerali worried mostly about Breuvial, for he did not know what became of his fiancée after hearing that the hideout was destroyed.  The twins, Maryn and Taryn, huddled next to each other and comforted one another, and even Sigurd wasn’t even pretending to be strong anymore.
A guard then approached the cell, passed a bag and a canteen through the iron bars, and dropped them on the ground.
“There’s your supper, rebels,” the guard barked.
Sigurd grabbed the bag and canteen, but not before glaring at the guard. The dwarf then passed out the pieces of stale bread that were inside to everyone. The pieces of bread were no bigger than a human fist, and when they were all handed out, they all realized they only had four pieces.
“You didn't give us enough,” Maryn argued.
“Yeah, in case you didn’t realize it, there are two of us!” Taryn added.
“And you’re both halflings. You are half the size of a human and therefore you only require half a piece of bread,” the guard spat.
“But you’ve been giving us each a piece up until now!” Taryn whined.
“We’re running low on leftovers, so be grateful you got anything at all,” the guard yelled back. He then banged his spear on the cell bars and laughed spitefully as he returned to his post.
Maryn sniffed as Taryn desperately tried to break the hard piece of bread in half, and neither Kerali nor Thaddeus could eat while watching the pitiful scene. Then, to everyone’s disbelief, Sigurd walked over to the twins and without a word, dropped his piece of bread onto Maryn’s lap.
“I’m not hungry,” he mumbled before making his way to the other side of the cell and sitting down.
“That was so nice of you, Sigurd. Thank you,” Maryn cried.
“Shut up and eat,” Sigurd growled.
The twins giggled and then hungrily ate their pieces of bread. Thaddeus smiled, shook his head and then began to eat his own.
About half an hour later, the twins had fallen asleep. Sigurd still sat with his arms folded on the floor and Kerali sat beside him while Thaddeus sat in the corner.
Kerali leaned over to Sigurd and muttered, “All this prison time has made you soft.”
“Mind your own business. I told them I wasn’t hungry, so why waste the little food they give us?” Sigurd remarked.
“Is that what you said to Maryn? I’m afraid I couldn’t hear it over the sound of your stomach growling,” Kerali mused.
“If you are so proud of those elf ears, why don’t you listen when I tell you to be quiet,” Sigurd growled as his ears turned red again.
Both Thaddeus and Kerali laughed as Sigurd pouted and mumbled to himself. Then there was silence.
“I wonder why we haven’t been executed yet, though. If we are still being fed, then they’re obviously trying to keep us alive,” Thaddeus brought up.
“You're right. The guards have been obnoxious as usual, but they haven’t physically harmed us, which is odd to say the least,” Sigurd said.
“Well, I didn’t want to say anything, but Sigurd’s stomach isn’t the only thing I have heard that none of you have,” Kerali said.
“What do you mean, Kerali?” asked Thaddeus.
“Whenever Gavril was in the dungeon, do you remember how he kept asking to talk to Bogdan but he wouldn’t tell us why?” Kerali asked.
“Yes. I remember how he left after a few days and hasn’t returned in over a week. I am worried that they killed him,” Thaddeus replied.
“They've done worse, actually,” Kerali ruefully replied. “Bogdan's been torturing him.”
“What?” Thaddeus and Sigurd exclaimed.
“I heard Bogdan telling the guards out in the corridor not to harm us because of a deal he made with Gavril. Gavril gave himself up and told Bogdan to torture him in exchange for our safety,” Kerali explained, the energy draining from his voice.
“That fool,” Sigurd said sadly, bowing his head.
Thaddeus closed his eyes and shook his head.
“I just don’t understand why Bogdan would agree to something like that. It's unlike him to show pity, especially to rebels,” Kerali said.
“Whatever the case, we must help Gavril somehow,” Thaddeus said.
“But how? There is no way out of this dungeon!” Kerali said.
As if on cue, two soldiers walked up and stopped in front of the cell. The shorter one pulled out a key, unlocked the door, and opened the cell.
“There is a way out if someone is there to help you,” said the taller one.
“Blaze?” asked Thaddeus.
After he said Blaze’s name, both soldiers removed their helmets and revealed their faces.
“Crystal!” the three rebels exclaimed. The twins woke up to the noise and they both jumped up and approached the cell door when they saw Crystal.
“I knew you’d make it back, Boss!” Taryn exclaimed.
Crystal put a finger to her mouth and said, “SHH! Don’t worry, we went to the Lost Realm and found the last shard. Let’s get going and destroy the Eye!”
“You can use holy magic now?” Thaddeus asked, struggling to stand up.
“It’s a long story, but I will explain it later,” Crystal assured, “Right now I—wait, where is Gavril?”
Thaddeus, Sigurd, and Kerali paused, unsure of how to tell Crystal what had happened. Crystal sensed their tension and feared the worst.
Crystal put a hand to her mouth with her eyes about to well up with tears and whispered, “Is Gavril . . . dead?”
“No,” Kerali replied, “but I’m afraid his situation isn’t any better than that.”
Kerali then went on to explain what he had heard again, and even though Crystal was relieved that Gavril was alive, she still felt the tears falling when she thought of what horrible things Gavril was going through.
“We have to find him,” Crystal declared.
“No, dear, we will find Gavril after we get our equipment. I have some more of those potions I made for Blaze in a bag so once we find Gavril, we’ll fix him up and join you,” Thaddeus assured.
“But . . .” Crystal protested.
“They’re right, Crystal. Gavril would want you to finish this before worrying about him,” Blaze said.
Crystal sighed before saying, “Very well.”
Blaze then turned to the others and said, “When you find him, can you tell Gavril I need to talk to him?”
“Of course, Blaze. Is everything all right?” Thaddeus responded.
“Yes,” Blaze answered. He gave Crystal a pleading face that silently asked her not to say anything, and she smiled in assurance.
“Whatever you do, please don’t let anything happen to him,” Crystal said.
“Do not worry, we will take care of Gavril,” Kerali assured her.
“I know,” Crystal replied. She then reached into her armor to pull out the shard and continued, “Here is the shard. Blaze and I will—WHOA!”
When Crystal looked at the shard in her hand, it had a glowing pulse and was pulling away from her.
“The shards must be reacting to each other because they are so close together! Quickly, you must go before Bogdan notices the other shards glowing!” Thaddeus cried.
After bidding the others goodbye, Blaze and Crystal replaced their helmets and Crystal put the shard back into her armor.



CHAPTER 22

IN HIS GUARD ARMOR, Blaze spoke to a real castle guard and managed to find out that not only that Gavril was still alive, but also where he was being held captive and where the rebels’ equipment was stored. After delivering the message to the others, they split up into two teams with one team consisting of Sigurd and Thaddeus, going to find Gavril, and the other team consisting of Kerali, Taryn, and Maryn, going to find the equipment and freeing the other rebel captives. Blaze and Crystal then set off to find the other shards.
Crystal walked ahead of Blaze and allowed the shard to pull her in the right direction. It pulled her up the stairs onto the second floor and she soon realized that she was being led to the throne room. They walked down the open hall that faced the courtyard and after stopping right in front of the doors to the throne room, Crystal felt the shard tugging from inside of her armor, so after Blaze peeked inside and saw no one was in there, he gestured for her to follow. Once they were both inside, Blaze then shut the doors behind them and used the legs of a small table to block the handles. He then hurriedly blocked the other doors in the room to make sure no one could get in.
The stone pillar prison sat just on the side of the throne and the Gaull shards, which were glowing in unison with the one Crystal carried, were set on a table beside it. Crystal pulled her armor off, and as soon as the shard she had was visible, the other shards began sliding towards her and a couple of them even fell on the floor and continued sliding. Blaze ran over to the shards and gathered them up after pulling his own armor off.
“All right, let’s fuse them together and destroy the Eye,” he said.
Crystal walked over to him while he held the other four shards in his hands and as soon as she held her shard up to them, they glowed brightly and with a quick snapping sound, the Eye of Gaull was whole again.
After he handed the Eye to Crystal, Blaze then removed his sword from its sheath and took several steps back, ready to strike. Crystal held the Eye out in front of her with both hands and concentrated on what Malcolm said. You are holding yourself back, rang through her ears, and she tried to think of what negative emotions she needed to overcome.
She thought hard, but her mind was clouded when she saw the mirror where she and Gavril hid while her parents were killed. She remembered the exact spot where she saw their bodies in a pool of blood. Even though Gavril tried to hide her face and even though he instructed the soldiers to keep her away, she still saw their bodies. Their eyes were still open in terror of their final moments, a memory that was burned into her mind forever.
Crystal remembered when Gavril begged August to keep his sword, and of course, now Crystal knew why, but the king kept insisted on being unarmed to negotiate with Bogdan peacefully.
Please keep it with you, August, Gavril had said.
I am willing to resolve this peacefully, August responded.
Believe me, this will not end peacefully no matter what you do. Please, keep yourself armed, Gavril pleaded.
I am ordering you, as your king, to step down and take my sword, August commanded.
And I am begging you, as your friend, to keep it, Gavril continued to plead.
Eventually, her father did agree to keep his sword.  She remembered when Bogdan burst through the doors and marched up to her parents. She could still remember her father pleading with Bogdan to spare his family and the way Bogdan ridiculed him in response. Bogdan drove his sword through August’s heart before he had a chance to defend himself or his wife. Bogdan laughed as Elaine cried out and embraced her husband as he fell, and before he even hit the ground, Bogdan mercilessly murdered her as well.
Bogdan had slain the last holy mage.
Crystal knew her mother was the last person who would deserve to die so coldly. She hated Bogdan. She wanted him to suffer for what he did.
Crystal struggled with her emotions while she continued to grasp the Eye in her hands.
“Come on, Crystal. You can do it,” Blaze said.
“No, I can’t. I can’t stop picturing the night my parents died,” Crystal cried.
Just then, the Eye started pulling towards the stone pillar while still in Crystal's hands. She knew that it was feeding off of her hatred for Bogdan and tempting her to use its power. She pulled away with all her might for several minutes, all the while with Blaze encouraging her to resist. Eventually, she was able to break free and the Eye of Gaull dropped from her hands and onto the hard floor.
She dropped to her knees and sobbed, ashamed of her inability to overcome her weakness. As Blaze bent down to hold her, she cried, “I don’t know what to do Blaze. I cannot find a way to overcome my anger!”
“I wish I knew what to say, Crystal. I wish I could take it away from you,” Blaze replied.
“I am pathetic. I can’t believe I have come this far just to fail,” she sobbed.
“You haven’t failed yet. Think of everyone who needs you, and you’ll find the power you need,” Blaze assured.
Just then, they heard a banging sound in the direction of the double doors. The doors shook violently as someone on the other side banged on them again, and after a third pounding, an explosion blew the doors open. Smoke filled the doorway as three people stepped through.
The Eye then rolled across the floor towards the person in the middle and he picked it up and said, “Here you are, my King.”
The smoke cleared and Saitar handed Bogdan the Eye of Gaull. He laughed and grabbed it while Valamar walked in Crystal’s direction.
“It was awfully rude of you to steal my wife before our honeymoon, but now you will be punished for high treason and Amelia and I will be leaving for my mansion so that we can finally consummate our marriage,” Valamar said to Blaze.
“Go consummate yourself,” Blaze spat back. He then stepped in front of Crystal with his blade drawn and Crystal put her hands up, readying herself for when she needed to cast a spell.
“You are without a doubt the rudest person I have ever had the displeasure of meeting,” Valamar countered.
“Blaze is twice the man you wish you were,” Crystal remarked.
“You will step aside and let the men handle this, dear,” Valamar told her.
Crystal responded by emitting flames from her hands and startling Valamar. She grinned when his eyes widened and he took several steps back.
“You must really enjoy being beaten to a pulp,” Blaze said to the nobleman, “because every time we are forced to interact with you, I end up knocking you to the floor.”
“Shut your mouth! This will most likely leave a scar!” Valamar bellowed, pointing to the spot on his chin where Blaze kicked him.
Bogdan stepped forward with the Eye in hand and said, “Enough!” He looked at Blaze and Crystal, laughed again, and said, “I must say, you two made this easier than I thought it would ever be. Here I was, trying to drag out information about the shard from that rebel you call Gavril, and not only do you bring it to me personally, but you were also thoughtful enough to fuse the shards together for me.”
“We will not allow you to hurt Gavril anymore,” Crystal stated. The flames around her hands then grew brighter.
“Oh, don’t worry, I’ve kept him alive all this time for a reason. You see, he and I had a little unfinished business to attend to, and now that I’ve got what I want, I will use the power of Gaull to fry him to a crisp,” Bogdan gloated.
“We know all about your unfinished business,” Blaze remarked.
“Is that so?” Bogdan replied.
“That's right,” Blaze replied. “You see, we just came from a little place called the Lost Realm, and I happened to be greeted by my mother there.”
Bogdan stopped smiling and stared Blaze down.  He did not speak for some time, and then he finally managed to mutter, “Did you, now?”
“Oh yes, and she told me some interesting things, one of which was how Gavril had an affair with her,” Blaze blurted out, “Oh and I also heard about how you murdered her.”
Bogdan rolled his eyes and responded, “Congratulations, Blaze, you know the truth now. It does not matter anymore, because she's dead and the bastard who slept with her will join her soon. There is nothing you can do about it!”
“Oh it does matter,” Blaze muttered, “and I have a little unfinished business of hers to see too, so you won’t be doing anything with that gem until I do.”
“We’ll see about that,” Bogdan replied. He then exchanged glances with both Saitar and Valamar and muttered, “Get them.”

Thaddeus and Sigurd climbed the spiral steps up the old tower. Both of them had trouble keeping the pace, Thaddeus because of his weak old bones and Sigurd because of his short, stubby legs. They eventually stopped when they saw two guards outside the door and cursing themselves for not getting their weapons first, but Thaddeus had an idea. He was an experienced mage, and even though he did not have his staff, he could still cast small spells without a problem.
“Wait here,” Thaddeus whispered. Even though it was barely audible, Sigurd read the old mage’s lips and nodded.
Thaddeus crept up the steps and found a hole in the floor boards under where the guards were standing, so he lifted his hand to the hole and shot two energy darts at the guards’ necks. The guards became instantly electrocuted and fell to the floor with a thud! Sigurd then came running up the steps and they both approached the guards’ unconscious bodies.
“Brilliant! How can such a small spell do so much damage?” Sigurd praised.
“Actually, it’s where I hit them that mattered. That spell alone is only strong enough to startle someone and doesn’t actually do harm unless it hits a sensitive spot like the jugular. It seeped through their skin and sent a nasty shock through their bloodstream, but it was still only strong enough to knock them out for an hour or so,” Thaddeus explained.
“Well, that’s still a job well done. Now let’s get Gavril out of there,” Sigurd replied.
“Of course. Oh look, this guard has a key!” Thaddeus said. He then grabbed the key from the guard’s belt and unlocked the door.
What Thaddeus and Sigurd saw next absolutely stunned them both. Even though they knew what had happened to Gavril, nothing could have prepared them for the site of his broken body lying almost lifelessly on the floor. Gavril opened his eyes and when he saw them, he smiled slightly and gave a sigh of relief
“By the grace of Caris . . . are you mad, Gavril?” Sigurd muttered.
“Are the others . . . free as . . . well?” Gavril asked weakly, taking a breath in between words.
“Yes, my friend,” Thaddeus replied. He bent down beside Gavril and examined his wounds.
“They were not harmed either, thanks to you,” Sigurd said.
“Thank . . . goodness,” Gavril stammered.
“Shh! Conserve your energy. The others are going to get our equipment and a bag of potions I had when we were captured, so I will give you one before we go to find Blaze and Crystal,” Thaddeus explained.
“Th—they’re here?” Gavril stammered loudly.
“Yes, and they have the last shard and they know how to destroy the Eye as well, so we need to go and meet them after you’ve had a chance to recover,” Thaddeus replied.
“No! I have broken ribs and a broken arm, but I can still walk! Let’s go find them!” Gavril pleaded. He tried to sit up, but he cried out with pain and fell back down.
“Stop pushing yourself, you fool. You will only make your condition worse,” Sigurd growled.
“Have to . . . find them . . . before . . . Bogdan . . .” Gavril weakly breathed out.
Just then, they all heard someone say, “Gavril . . .”
They turned to see Kerali holding a bag and Thaddeus’s staff in one hand and another bag as well as Sigurd’s axe and Gavril’s sword in the other. The elf had already equipped his bow and quiver. When he saw Gavril lying on the floor, he dropped everything except one of the bags, reached into the bag, and pulled out a small bottle of green liquid. He rushed over to Gavril’s side and picked his head up enough for him to swallow the contents of the bottle.
“Where are the twins?” Thaddeus asked.
“At the bottom of the stairs, waiting to ambush anyone who tries to come the stairs,” Kerali replied, still looking at Gavril. He had just finished swallowing the whole bottle of tonic and Kerali lie his head back onto the ground and waited for several minutes. Thaddeus and Sigurd then got their equipment together and continued to wait.
“The color of his skin is returning to normal,” Thaddeus replied. “Which arm did Bogdan break, Gavril?”
“Left . . .” Gavril whispered.
Thaddeus gently pressed on Gavril’s left arm and asked, “Does that feel any better?”
Gavril winced, but said, “Actually, yes. I think the bones fused back together already.”
“Excellent! This potion works much faster than the one I gave Blaze, so I estimate that within an hour or two, you will be back to normal,” Thaddeus said.
The conversation was halted when they heard an explosion somewhere in the castle on a lower floor.  They all exchanged worried glances.
“Crystal . . .” Gavril cried.
“Gavril, stay calm,” Thaddeus replied.
“It’s all right, I think I can walk now,” Gavril said.
“Okay then, help him get his shirt and vest on,” Thaddeus told Kerali.
“And my sword,” Gavril added.
“You can’t possibly hope to wield a blade in your condition,” Sigurd argued.
“My sword,” Gavril repeated.
“Very well, Gavril. Let’s make haste, because by the sound of it, Crystal and Blaze most likely require our help,” Thaddeus stated.

Crystal found herself facing off against Saitar, a much more advanced mage than herself, while Blaze fought Bogdan and pushed him away from the stone pillar. Crystal also had to keep an eye on Valamar, who she saw sneaking around the sides of the room. Saitar’s magic was proving to be more powerful, however, so she charged for him with her blade drawn and blocked spells that he sent her way.
She finally put him on the defensive as she struck from different directions with her short sword. He blocked her attacks with a magic energy shield, but she proved herself to be too quick for the old Elder and cut his arm. Saitar dropped to the floor from the impact but before Crystal could strike again to disarm him, someone grabbed her from behind with a knife held to her throat and she sprung into defense mode again.
It was Valamar who had grabbed her, as she soon discovered after she grabbed his hand that held the knife, twisted it, and turned around to knock it out of his and with her own blade. However, just as she was about to deliver a kick to knock him to the floor, Crystal was suddenly surrounded by the same magic binding that had trapped her in the City of Magi.
Crystal cursed Valamar for distracting her before she could disarm Saitar as she struggled to break free. She heard Blaze cry out her name, but when she looked in his direction, Saitar cast the same binding spell on him. Blaze fell to the ground and lost his grip on his sword. Valamar grabbed Crystal’s arms and held them behind her with one hand and wrapped his other arm around her neck. Bogdan then roared with laughter.
“You have become soft, Blaze! Before you joined the rebels, you would never have been distracted by someone else in danger. The Princess has become a weakness for you,” Bogdan bellowed.
“If it wasn’t for Crystal, I never would have had the strength to keep moving forward. Don’t forget, I managed to get away from the soldiers you sent after me and sneak into and out of the castle. It was all because of her, and that is a strength you will never be able to acquire,” Blaze yelled at Bogdan.
“Yet there you lie defeated at my feet. Don’t lecture me about your inner strength nonsense when it still failed you,” Bogdan yelled. He then lifted the Eye of Gaull, began to approach the pillar, and said, “Now then, I have the power of a god to acquire.”
Just as he came close to the pillar, however, a force field appeared around it that zapped Bogdan when he got closer.
“Not another step closer, Bogdan!” Thaddeus yelled.
Crystal turned to see her magic mentor holding up his staff and Sigurd, Maryn, and Taryn at his sides.  She then heard Gavril yell, “Crystal!”
Crystal then saw a beat-up Gavril being held up by Kerali from one of the side doors and her heart leaped.
“You’re all right!” she cried.
“Well, mostly,” Kerali shouted back. He then gently sat Gavril down and pulled out his bow and an arrow, readying them into the shooting position.
Kerali then shot an arrow at Saitar, who managed to dodge it, but it broke his concentration on the binding spell. Once freed, Blaze quickly grabbed his sword and charged for Crystal and Valamar but before he could save her, she elbowed Valamar in the ribs, swung her leg along the floor and tripped him, and when he was on his back, she gave him a swift kick to the groin. Valamar whimpered and howled with pain as he writhed across the floor in the fetal position, and all Blaze could say to Crystal in response was, “Remind me not get on your bad side.”
Crystal smirked back at him.
Just then, the doors flew open again and dozens of guards poured into the room with blades drawn.
“Get the rebels!” Bogdan commanded.
The guards obeyed and charged at the rebels.  Kerali stayed behind near Gavril shooting arrows from afar and making sure that he was protected while he waited for his body to recover more. Sigurd roared and charged head-on into a group of guards, swinging his axe furiously and incapacitating them one by one.  The twins ran quickly through the crowd with their blades drawn.  While Maryn shot poison darts and throwing knifes, Taryn sliced through several guards’ legs and knocked them onto their backs.
Saitar then threw an energy orb at Thaddeus, which made him lose his focus on the force field around the pillar. Thaddeus then sent ice daggers after Saitar, and the two quickly became interlocked in an intense battle. Crystal fought off several guards with her short sword and cast several spells as more arrived. Blaze incapacitated a couple of guards when he saw Bogdan sneaking his way to the pillar.
“Stop! Don’t you dare!” Blaze yelled at him.
Bogdan turned around and said, “Try and stop me.”
When Bogdan turned around, however, standing in front of the pillar was none other than Gavril. He was still weak, but had recovered enough to hold out his sword and block Bogdan’s path.
“How many of your bones do I have to break to get you to back down?” Bogdan spat, but Gavril simply glared back without a single word. The King brandished his mighty sword and attempted to attack Gavril. Even though his body was still weak, Gavril stood and blocked the blows with his sword.  However, with each swing, it became more and more difficult to hold on, and so with one final blow from Bogdan’s sword, Gavril was disarmed.
“Now I’m going to make sure you die once and for all,” Bogdan yelled. He swung his sword again, but this time, Blaze stepped in the way and blocked it with his own sword.
“Get out of my way,” Bogdan yelled.
“Never,” Blaze growled.
“I said move!” Bogdan screamed. Everyone in the room stopped what they were doing to watch as Bogdan swung his sword again. Blaze blocked it with his own sword again and glared at Bogdan.
“I will not let you hurt him anymore,” Blaze said.
“Don’t tell me you feel sorry for him now that you know he slept with your mother?” Bogdan mused.
“What? How . . . did . . .?” Gavril stuttered. Blaze turned to him and gave him a reassuring look, then turned back to Bogdan.
“I promised my mother that I would carry out something she couldn’t do before she died, remember?” Blaze asked Bogdan.
“Yes, of course. Your mother gave you some important task,” Bogdan muttered.
“What are you talking about . . .?  You . . . met your mother?” Gavril stammered in disbelief.
“Yes. She is in the Lost Realm and she told me everything that happened . . . or rather, showed me.  There is something she asked me to tell you so that her burden is lifted,” Blaze said to Gavril. He never took his eyes off of Bogdan.
“Fine, Blaze,” Bogdan interrupted. “Let’s all hear what great and important task your mother wanted you to do.”
Blaze smirked and while still staring Bogdan down, he said, “She wanted me to tell Gavril that he's my father.”



CHAPTER 23

THE ENTIRE THRONE ROOM was so silent that the sound of the wind outside was all that could be heard.  The cold, cruel irony drifted in the air and completely drained the color from Gavril’s face. Crystal’s whole body trembled with shock while the other rebels looked around, absolutely confused and lost.
Blaze however, stood proud and confident as he continued to glare at Bogdan and asked, “How does it feel, Bogdan? How does it feel to know that you’ve raised a son that was never yours? After mercilessly killing my mother and trying to kill my father, my real father, how do you feel now that their son is here to destroy you?”
Bogdan shook with anger, unable to respond. His face grew red hot and a vein grew on his forehead like a ticking time bomb.
“Blaze . . .” Gavril muttered from behind him.
Blaze turned around to see Gavril staring back at him. He was still quite pale and seemed to be growing faint. Blaze reached for Gavril as he saw his legs threaten to collapse and held him up by his good arm.
“Don’t worry, now that you know her secret, my mother’s soul is no longer trapped in the Lost Realm.  I have lifted her burden,” Blaze whispered. Gavril bowed his head, trying to fight back tears, and Blaze put a hand on his shoulder to comfort him.
“And just how does your mother assume that this wretch is you father, Blaze?” Bogdan blurted out.
Blaze faced him and said, “Actually, she knew for a fact that Gavril is my father as soon as she realized she was pregnant. You had been gone for about six months at one point in time and she estimated that the time she got pregnant was within that time period, so you couldn’t possibly have fathered me. Considering the only one other man that she had been with was Gavril, she knew he was the father. To protect him, Mother paid her midwife to lie to you about how far into the pregnancy. When she went into labor, the midwife told you that I was born early so you wouldn’t suspect a thing.”
Bogdan remained silent for quite a while. He trembled with rage, and every guard in the room began to step backwards as if to avoid the effects of an explosion.
“Why didn’t she tell me . . .?” Gavril muttered.
“She was going to after the three of us were safe across the border in Cierith. Unfortunately, your plan got a little sidetracked and she was killed before she could tell you the truth,” Blaze replied. He then glared back at Bogdan when he was done speaking.
Finally, Bogdan took a long, deep breath and began speaking again.
“No matter,” he calmly muttered. “This will make killing you much easier on me. When I thought you were my son, I felt disappointed that you were no longer the fierce and merciless warrior I was once so proud of. Now, I will have no trouble destroying you.  In fact, I think I will enjoy it.”
“I don’t need you to be proud of me anymore,” Blaze retorted.
Bogdan chuckled. “That’s a shame. Before I planned to take the Eye of Gaull, I was looking forward to having you rule under me.”
“Save your breath. There are more important things to me now,” Blaze remarked.
Bogdan laughed and said, “You are truly a pathetic fool for letting yourself be seduced by that girl. Now move.”
“Eat shit,” Blaze barked.
“Don’t make me slice you in half,” Bogdan growled.
“Don’t make me laugh,” Blaze retorted.
“Get out of my way!” Bogdan raised his voice.
“We will not move,” Gavril suddenly said. He was able to grab his sword during the argument between Blaze and Bogdan, and he now held it out in front of him and stood by Blaze’s side.
“I am done with the both of you. Step away from the pillar or die!” Bogdan yelled.
“We choose death,” Blaze yelled.
Suddenly, Blaze heard Crystal yell, “Watch out, Blaze!”
However, it was too late. An enormous gust of wind knocked both Blaze and Gavril off of their feet away from the pillar. Both of them landed several feet away onto the ground. Blaze stumbled around and looked in the direction of the gust and saw Saitar readying another spell. Before he could attack them again, however, Thaddeus yelled and shot an energy beam from his staff at the traitor Elder.
“I have had enough of your cheap trickery, Saitar!” the old mage yelled. Saitar sent an enormous energy beam back at him and the two forces met with so much intensity that all of the soldiers in the room ran for their lives and the rebels had to cover their faces to shield their eyes from the light.
Even Bogdan found himself disoriented by the light, and Blaze desperately tried to find Crystal to shield her from a possible explosion. He spotted her crouched down a few yards away and after Gavril assured him that he was all right, Blaze rushed to her side. Once she realized he was there, Crystal grabbed his arm and held it while he crouched in front of her with his back facing her.
Both Thaddeus and Saitar continued to expend more energy to outmatch each other, and each time they did so, an enormous ball of energy moved back and forth between the two of them. The situation was becoming quite dangerous, and Blaze felt he was forced to turn around and shield Crystal.  He wrapped his arms around her and tried to block every inch of her body from a possible blast.
“We will level this whole castle if we continue this, Thaddeus!” Saitar yelled.
“I’m afraid that if we release this much energy at once, Saitar, we will fare no better,” Thaddeus yelled back.
“Thaddeus!” Crystal cried, looking over Blaze’s shoulder. Blaze turned around to see the two struggling to keep control over the massive amount of energy.
The old mage glanced at Crystal momentarily, and even though it was for a brief second, Blaze saw what looked like a glint of sadness and sorrow in his eyes. He suddenly realized that it was an apologetic look when Thaddeus spoke to her.
“Crystal, this is the only way to save everyone!” the old mage cried. He then grinned back at his opponent as the two of them suddenly began to hover above the floor.
“W—what are you doing?!” Saitar screamed.
Thaddeus began to glow just as Malcolm had in the City of Magi, and the horrible realization of what he was doing hit Blaze like a brick wall. Apparently, Crystal realized it as well, because she then cried out, “No Thaddeus! Don’t!”
“You’ll kill us both, you fool!” Saitar screamed.
“Then so be it!” Thaddeus yelled back.
“No!” Crystal cried again.
She then tried to rise and run after her magic mentor, but she had to struggle to break free as Blaze used all his might to hold her back. He had one arm around the front on her shoulders and the other around her waist and she tried in vain to move them.
“Goodbye, Amelia. I am so proud of you!” Thaddeus cried.
The old mage then shot a brief glance at Blaze that silently said, take good care of her, before he and Saitar along with the built up energy between them shot through the door to the throne room, went outside, and flew a hundred feet into the air.
Blaze continued to hold his grip on Crystal as she tried to run forward. A large blast of light flooded the room and the explosion was so fierce that despite being as high as they were above the castle, the throne room still trembled violently causing the people who were standing to lose their balance.
Blaze held Crystal as she sobbed hysterically. He hated the sound of her tears and his arms tightened around her as she cried into his shirt.  He couldn’t get the image of Thaddeus’s sorrowful face out of his mind, and he even though he had always considered the old mage to be a senile old codger, he still had come to respect him for his eccentric, but cheerful ways. Blaze could honestly say that he shared Crystal’s grief.
Everyone else was so focused on what had just happened that before anyone could stop him, Bogdan suddenly rushed to the pillar with the Eye of Gaull held out in front of him.
“No!” Gavril yelled, but it was too late.
Bogdan placed the Eye of Gaull into the stone pillar and in less than a second, a red and black aura surrounded him.
“Yes . . . I feel Gaull’s power surging through my veins! I feel my body changing! I feel like a god!” Bogdan yelled.
The King cackled maniacally as his body shifted into a monstrous form. The clothing covering his torso was ripped apart as his arms and chest grew bigger. Horns and scales began to form on his back, shoulders, and head. His skin became a grayish brown color and his right eye turned red while his blind eye glowed yellow. Bogdan roared with laughter as the transformation halted momentarily.
“Now I can crush all of the rebels once and for all!” Bogdan yelled with a distorted, bellowing voice. Bogdan then looked back at Gavril, who was now standing and had his sword drawn again. Bogdan laughed again before saying, “And I will start with you! Only this time, I will watch the life leave your body instead of throwing you out to die in the cold!”
Bogdan summoned a large dark aura in his hands and then shot it at Gavril. The former General tried to block, but was hit by the dark blast and fell to the ground, still enveloped by the darkness.
Bogdan then held out his hand, which now had claws instead of fingers, with the palm facing up and slowly clench it into a fist. As he did, the dark aura surrounding Gavril tightened and crushed against his already weak body. He cried out in pain and before Blaze could stop her, Crystal fearlessly charged head on at Bogdan.
“Crystal, NO!” Blaze called after her, but she didn’t listen.
Instead, the enraged Crystal summoned a swarming, electric tornado and sent it flying Bogdan’s way. The destructive twister hurled towards the monstrous Bogdan, pulling everything in its path into its core. Once it hit Bogdan, however, it did not do much damage, but it distracted him enough to break his spell over Gavril, who then quickly rose to his feet to assist Crystal.
Bogdan howled with rage as he shot the same spell at Crystal, but she blocked it with an energy shield, causing the dark aura to disperse, and she continued to charge at Bogdan. She leapt into the air with her sword drawn and drove it down onto him, but he blocked the blade with his arm. In a split second, he then swung the same arm after blocking her attack and struck Crystal in her side in midair. Crystal was flung several feet away and rolled onto the floor.
“Crystal!” Blaze cried. He desperately ran into Crystal’s direction, but Bogdan hit him with another blast of darkness and sent him flying backwards onto his back. Gavril and Sigurd tried to run to her aid too, but Bogdan flung them both to the side with a gust of shadows that he cast with his hands. Kerali loosed arrows at Bogdan’s face from afar to no avail. They annoyed him, but did no damage, and so with another wave of his arm, the elf was thrown off his feet by another gust.
As Bogdan stomped closer to his intended victim, Maryn and Taryn made a last resort effort to protect her. The twins stepped in front of her with their arms held out in front of Crystal, which got another roaring laugh out of Bogdan.
“Foolish little halflings! Your larger friends couldn’t stop me, and yet you still mock me by standing in my way?” he taunted.
He then shot another gust of shadows directly at them, sending the small twins flying and hitting the wall several behind them. They hit the wall hard and fell to the floor with all of the energy knocked out of them.
Bogdan hovered over Crystal and laughed as he watched her struggle to get up and cast a spell. Before she could finish her incantation, Bogdan reached down and wrapped his enormous hand around Crystal’s neck and lifted her into the air. He then squeezed so hard that she couldn’t even cry out, and Blaze felt rage pulsing inside him as he watched Crystal desperately try to pull his hand off with her own hands.
Blaze screamed as he charged at Bogdan again like a bull seeing red, but Bogdan continued to knock anyone out of the way who tried to attack him, and most attacks did nothing to him anyway.
Suddenly, Valamar ran up to Bogdan and yelled, “What are you doing? We had a deal!”
The nobleman had been hiding on the side of the room somewhere and everyone had almost forgotten about him.
“I have had enough of this insolent tramp,” Bogdan roared, “I’ve decided to kill her and be done with her forever!”
“I held my end of the bargain. Release her!” Valamar screamed.
“All you did was lure the rebels into the temple. I could have done that on my own. I only wanted you to keep your mouth shut about the Gaull shard so that no one else would try and obtain them,” Bogdan retorted.
“You will keep your end of the bargain, you brute!” Valamar screeched.
Bogdan finally had enough of Valamar, and so with his free arm, he punched the nobleman in the gut, sending him flying into the wall. After he fell to the floor, Bogdan then summoned an enormous ball of dark fire and blasted Valamar with it. Valamar screamed as the fire covered his entire body and in less than five seconds, he was completely reduced to a pile of ashes.
Blaze finally recovered from the previous blow he took and his eyes fell upon a horrifying sight: Crystal’s body became limp in Bogdan’s clutches. Blaze could swear that his heart had stopped as he watched his love’s eyes close and her arms fall limply to her sides.  He suddenly felt an empty feeling in his body, and all sound surrounding him was gone.
Blaze ran towards her again and even though he knew he screamed her name, he could only hear the sound of his heart pounding. He saw Bogdan smirk smugly at him and he finally released his grip on Crystal’s neck. Her still body then fell to the ground, and Blaze reached her just in time to catch her. 
Crystal lay limp in Blaze’s arms, and nothing else in the world could take his mind away from her. Tears poured from his eyes as he begged her not to die. He paid no attention to his surroundings whatsoever, not even when Bogdan bellowed with maniacal laughter again as he sprouted enormous, spiny wings and flew out of the open doors and into the sky to wreak havoc and chaos on the world.



CHAPTER 24

CRYSTAL COULDN’T MOVE or feel a thing in her body. She heard distant, muffled voices, but couldn’t tell who they belonged to. She couldn’t see anything and she could not open her eyes. She tried to speak, but her mouth wouldn’t move. No sound escaped her throat. She couldn’t breathe, but oddly enough, her lungs weren’t burning for air. The last thing she remembered was Bogdan’s fist clenching her neck, and she began to fear that she was dead.
Crystal saw light through her eyelids, but still couldn’t open them. She tried to speak again, but failed. She realized that there was some kind of silhouette blocking the light in front of her, and soon, there was a second.
“She’s grown so much,” a woman’s voice said. It didn’t take Crystal long to recognize it.
Mother! She tried to say, but she still couldn’t speak. She could still picture in her mind her mother’s fair features. She imagined her mother’s smile and even though she had a feeling that her mother was smiling now, she still wished she could see it. Then another voice spoke, and once again, Crystal knew who it belonged to as well.
“I cannot believe my little girl is already an adult,” she heard her father say. She remembered the confident grin he always wore and how despite his amazing strength and skills in battle, he was always held her gently and sweetly in his strong, enormous arms.
She tried to call out to her parents and tried to open her eyes to see them, but it was no use. She wanted to tell them how much she missed them and loved them, but her heart sank when she continued to remain still and silent. August and Elaine were both in their daughter’s presence for the first time in ten years, but she was frantic at the realization that she couldn’t acknowledge them.
“I hate to send her away, but it seems that it isn’t her time yet,” Elaine said.
Wait! Don’t leave me! Crystal cried in her mind.
“You're right, my love. She has fought well and trained hard, so we can’t let her fail now,” August said. “I’m sorry Amelia, but our reunion will have to wait.”
“You still have a long life to live, Amelia, and there is someone in the living realm who needs you. You’ve shown him the light and delivered him from the darkest corners of his heart, and I am so proud of you for that,” Elaine said gently.
Do you mean . . . Blaze? Crystal tried to ask, but again with no luck.
“That’s right. I’ve had my eye on him for a few days, but after a while, I began to see just how much you mean to him. Besides, he made a promise to us, and I plan to hold him to it,” August said.
Promise? What promise? Crystal wondered.
“It’s time to send you back now, Amelia,” Elaine told her.
“We love you, Amelia,” August said. Crystal then felt a large hand resting on her forehead and she felt a tear streak down from her closed eye.
I love you too! She cried from her heart.
Just as she felt the light fading, Crystal then heard her father’s echoing voice say, “Oh, and I need you to deliver a message for me . . .”
Even though August’s voice faded away as he continued to speak, Crystal still understood the rest of his request and silently promised him that she would do it.
Crystal suddenly felt a tingling sensation in part of her body and more and more voices grew louder. She was finally able to breathe, and as soon as she gasped for air, she could hear Gavril’s muffled voice cry out, “Oh thank Caris.”
Crystal coughed and gasped for more air. She felt a hand brush the side of her face and heard Blaze’s anguished voice whisper, “Don't give up, Crystal. Wake up.”
Crystal finally managed to open her eyes and even though her vision was blurry, she could make out Blaze’s face just a few inches from hers.
“That’s it! Come back to us, Crystal,” Gavril said to her. She looked around and saw his form beside her. She blinked her eyes several times before they finally adjusted, and she finally saw that Blaze was holding her in his arms and that Gavril was kneeling on one knee beside her. Her heart melted when she saw Blaze’s tear-soaked face.
“She’s alive . . . She’s alive!” Blaze cried. He then rested his forehead on her collarbone and wept tears of joy. Crystal heard a few nervous laughs escape from Blaze in between sobs, and she regained enough energy to rest her hand on his face. Gavril let a few tears escape his face as well and he patted Blaze’s shoulder.
“I’m . . . alive . . .” Crystal muttered hoarsely.
“Try not to speak.” Blaze whispered after lifting his head, “Bogdan wounded your neck pretty badly.”
Crystal then realized that the skin on her neck hurt and wondered just how bad the bruise must be. Then she heard distant booming noises outside and cried in a hoarse voice, “Bogdan . . . we have to stop him.”
“You are too weak right now,” Gavril said.
“But only I can do it,” Crystal cried.
“Please, Princess, don’t push yourself,” someone suddenly said.
Crystal then looked up to see a crowd kneeling around her. Among her friends and dozens of other rebels, who were also overcome with relief and joy, were several servants and to her shock, even Daldussan soldiers kneeling before her. It was one of those soldiers who had spoken to her, and then he another soldier beside him stepped forward hesitantly.
They both knelt beside her and removed their helmets. The soldier that spoke first knelt on the left and was slightly older and had dark hair than the other soldier. The younger soldier had paler hair and was thinner; he was the next to speak.
“We want to beg you for forgiveness, Princess,” the pale-haired soldier said. “We were actually once soldiers for King August, but when Bogdan invaded, we foolishly began to serve Daldussa.”
“We both have families,” the dark-haired soldier explained, “and we feared what would happen to them if we resisted. Every day I live with the regret of my decision to betray your family, and all I ask now is that you find it in your heart to forgive us.”
Crystal stared at both of the men, who bowed their heads in shame. The crowd remained silent. Finally, Crystal found the energy to speak, and she replied, “Did you have children?”
“Yes, Princess. In fact, my youngest was only a baby at the time,” the dark-haired soldier answered softly.
“No child should live through the horrors of watching their father die,” Crystal said. “I have lived that nightmare, and so I understand why you did what you did. That being the case, I forgive you both.”
Both of the soldiers bowed their heads again and wept.
“Bless you, Your Majesty,” the pale-haired soldier cried.
“Same to both of you,” Crystal whispered.
Crystal then felt a warm, pulsing sensation throughout her body. She saw everyone in the room begin staring at her. Blaze looked upon her with a stunned expression and suddenly stammered out, “Crystal, you’re glowing!”
Sure enough, Crystal looked at her hand and a white aura surrounded it and was pulsing with light.
“Self-regeneration!” someone from behind the crowd cried.
Everyone turned around to see none other than the Elders of the City of Magi standing by the doorway to the throne room. The crowd stood and moved out of the way for the Elders to approach Crystal. Bredewig had been the one who spoke, and as soon as he stopped before Crystal, he continued, “Only a holy mage can achieve self-regeneration!”
Crystal remembered the book she read about it in, and at the same time, felt her body’s strength slowly returning. She not only realized that she had learned holy magic, but she also finally realized what was stopping her in the first place.
“I understand now,” she muttered. “Malcolm told me my negative emotions were stopping me from using holy magic, and I now know why. I couldn’t find a way to forgive Bogdan for what he did and because of that, my hatred for him overcame me. In order to defeat him now, I have to find a way to forgive him for his terrible deeds.”
“How will you do that?” Halmez asked, but Crystal had a feeling that he was giving her a push in the right direction rather than trying to get an answer.
Crystal closed her eyes and thought about the very first moment she saw Bogdan. He took everything she loved away, destroyed her kingdom, and nearly killed her and her friends on several occasions. She thought of the terrible things that happened resulting from his wrongdoings, but then her mind did something she didn’t expect.
She then thought of the wonderful experiences she had over the past ten years. She grew to love her people more after she had to abandon her old life to protect them. She trained day in and day out with Gavril and Thaddeus and became a respected fighter. She not only made friends that she would die for, but she also met and fell in love with Blaze.
Crystal realized that all of these memories would never have existed if Bogdan hadn’t done the things he did, nor would she be the strong person she was today. In a way, she felt thankful that she had those hardships, for she didn’t want to be anyone else than who she was now.
“Bogdan has done terrible things, but in the end, he made all of us stronger by doing so. I would never have been able to stand up for what’s right so easily before, and so, in a weird way, Bogdan made me who I am today,” Crystal said.
“And who are you?” Halmez asked rhetorically again.
“I am Amelia, and as of this moment, I forgive King Bogdan for his wrongdoings,” Crystal replied.
Suddenly, Crystal’s entire body glowed even brighter and she felt all of her energy return to her. Blaze held her in his arms and watched in awe as the bruises on her neck faded away. She finally gained enough energy to be able to sit up on her own, but Blaze still cautiously held his hand on her back. Once the glow finally began to steadily fade from her body, Crystal felt more alive than ever.
The crowd began to let out cheers and applause after Crystal rose to her feet on her own and stood confidently before them. Blaze and Gavril stood on each a side of her and she put a hand on each of their shoulders.
“All right, now let’s go stop Bogdan,” she said to them.
“We will both protect you with our lives,” Gavril assured her. He then placed his hand on her shoulder.
“That we will,” Blaze agreed and also put his hand on Crystal’s other shoulder.
“We have come to aid you in the battle as well. We have also already heard about what happened with Saitar and we will not allow Thaddeus’s sacrifice to be in vain,” Halmez said.
Even though Crystal was still saddened, she pressed on, “Thank you, High Elder. How did you know to come anyway?”
“We brought them.”
Crystal looked in the direction of the voice and saw several rebels that had gathered at the entrance to the throne room. Breuvial had stepped forward and Crystal then realized that she was the one who had spoken. Kerali turned around and ran towards her.
“Breuvial! You’re alive!” he cried. The two elves met and embraced and for several minutes, Kerali wouldn’t let her go even when Maryn and Taryn started snickering.
“Breuvial is my daughter,” Elder Ydon stated. “She led the women and children who survived the attack on the rebel hideout to the City of Magi. She arrived not long after the two of you left and asked to speak with me personally. I then persuaded the other Elders to allow the refugees to stay in the city, so they are all waiting there.
“However, a few days ago, Elder Bredewig made a startling discovery, and so we got a team together to come to Cartigo immediately to wait for you. By the time we arrived, we realized that Bogdan had already used the Eye of Gaull when we saw him flying above Cartigo.”
“What discovery?” Crystal asked Bredewig. The plump elder no longer had a shy or withdrawn demeanor, but rather, he straightened up at the sound of his name with sureness and confidence.
“I was doing more research about the Eye of Gaull when I realized something: why would Saitar offer to give the Eye to Bogdan rather than use it himself? On a hunch, I looked through Saitar’s belongings that he left behind and found something startling,” Bredewig explained. He then pulled an old bag out from under his arm and pulled a book out of it. It was a small leather diary.
“What is that?” Crystal asked.
Just then, a booming explosion was heard outside followed by echoing maniacal laughter in the distance.
“I will explain on the way. We need to stop Bogdan before his transformation is complete,” Bredewig cried.
“Why? What’s going on?” Crystal asked, but the elders had already turned around and began moving towards the exit.
Crystal then marched forward as well and shouted, “All right, then. Rebels, follow me into the final battle! Tonight, Cierith will finally know freedom!”
The rebels all cheered in unison and before she continued forward, Crystal stopped Gavril and said, “By the way, Father sad to tell you ‘Thank you.’”
Gavril’s face lit up and he shook his head amusingly. He then muttered, “I’ll be damned.”
Crystal then turned to Blaze and told him, “And he also said that he’s planning to hold you to your promise, although I have no idea what he meant.”
To her surprise and even further confusion, Blaze laughed and bowed his head.
“What’s so funny?” Crystal asked him.
Blaze looked up after a few seconds and answered, “I’ll tell you later.”
“All right then, let’s go,” Crystal replied. She then walked forward and Blaze and Gavril marched on either side of her, ready to defend her to the death.

As Crystal walked through the castle to get to the front entrance, she heard more explosions and screaming from the townspeople. Elder Bredewig continued to explain the short version of what he discovered, mainly about how the story about Gaull wasn’t entirely true.
“I found an old diary among Saitar’s things that was written by Gaull himself,” Bredewig shouted over the booming noises outside. “As it turns out, Gaull was not a demon at all, but a human. He was actually the High Elder of the City of Magi over five hundred years ago, and he was what is known as a hybrid mage; he could command both elemental and dark magic.”
Crystal then replied, “Malcolm told me that I was a hybrid mage as well, only I can use holy magic along with elemental magic!”
“That does make more sense than you becoming a holy mage out of nowhere,” Bredewig replied and then continued, “Anyway, I found out that Gaull became obsessed with dark magic and wanted to become the most powerful dark mage that ever lived. Gaull not only achieved this power, but he also became a demon.
“No one knows exactly how he did it, but the one thing he still had not achieved was immortality. Gaull claimed in the diary that he feared death more than anything, and so he linked part of his soul to the stone pillar to prevent his soul from passing should his body perish.”
“You mean that pillar wasn’t a prison?” Gavril questioned.
“No, in fact, Gaull was not defeated by holy mages either. It was a noble warrior who managed to defeat him, but instead of dying, Gaull’s soul became part of the stone, and the other part materialized into the gem. I found out in other documents that Gaull’s son spread the lie about the holy mages and kept the Eye of Gaull hidden in the Elder’s Hall and for several generations, Gaull’s descendants have been trying to find a worthy human sacrifice to pass Gaull’s soul into,” Bredewig explained.
“A sacrifice?” Blaze questioned.
“That is precisely why Saitar could not use the Eye himself. He is a descendant of Gaull and needed to find the right host for Gaull to be reborn into. Bogdan will not be gaining Gaull’s power, Gaull will take over Bogdan’s mind, body, and soul!” Bredewig exclaimed.
They were now running through the first floor corridors and Crystal could hear her heart thumping in her head. She then shouted, “So why did Saitar choose Bogdan?”
“The host needed to be someone with a strong, but very wicked heart. The host could not know about the true story because they were not supposed to be a willing sacrifice. Bogdan was the perfect choice because of his greed and lust for power, and Saitar knew that he would fight to keep his consciousness once possessed.
“Now that Bogdan has Gaull trapped inside his body, he is slowly going to lose his mind to the demon.  This will grant Gaull the immortality he lusted after for so long, because the more Bogdan will fight the final transformation, the stronger Gaull will be. Not only that, but he will be able to erase any form of light in the world and throw off the balance forever. In other words, Crystal, if you do not defeat Bogdan before he transforms again, there will be nothing in this world or any other that will be able to stop him from eradicating all forms of life,” Bredewig cried.
Crystal now began to run through the front entrance of the castle towards the drawbridge, and once she was across, she came across a familiar, yet unnerving sight. The same monsters that they had seen in the mansion ruins were now swarming the streets of Cartigo and attacking the townspeople.  Several Daldussan soldiers tried to defend themselves, but many of them were killed quickly.
Crystal turned to a group of rebels on her right and shouted, “Go and protect the villagers from those monsters. Gather them up and evacuate the city.”
After informing the Elders to use thunder spells to weaken the monsters, Crystal then asked them to do the same. They bid Crystal good luck and then entered the battle as well.
The sun was setting in the sky and turning the horizon an eerie red color. Dark clouds had formed and the land trembled at the sound of Bogdan’s booming, sadistic laughter. Crystal spotted Bogdan flying around overhead, shooting dark fire beams at the buildings and cackling madly.
“It’s almost like he thinks this is a game,” Gavril exclaimed in disbelief.
“I wouldn’t be surprised in the least if he did,” Blaze remarked.
“What do we do now, Boss?” Taryn asked Crystal.
Crystal stared up at Bogdan and thought up a plan.  She then answered, “We have to get him away from the townspeople. I need to get his attention focused on myself somehow!”
“Let’s go to the town square,” Gavril said. “It’s a large area, so we can get the rest of the rebels to evacuate the villagers out of that area.”
“Good idea, Gavril. Let’s go!” Crystal replied.
The rebels ran through the town slicing through monsters on their way there as Crystal used more thunder spells on them. She passed the word along to all of her friends what they were going to need to do in the battle and instructed them to wait for her to command them to start. She would initiate the battle and only asked that everyone covered her while she used her power, and not a single person was against the request.
The rebels made their way to the town square, which was already empty, and Crystal walked into the middle of the wide street. She told Blaze and Gavril to stay behind and wait for her to make her move when they tried to follow her, and they grudgingly agreed and stayed their ground.
Crystal now stood all alone and exposed in the middle of the square, which is exactly what she wanted.
“Bogdan, I am here to bring your demise. Come down here and fight me!” she called at the top of her lungs. She then sent a flare signal in the sky with her hands. The ball of fire shot up over a hundred feet in the air and exploded in the sky. Though this did not cause any harm, nor did it even touch Bogdan, it did alert him of Crystal’s presence. Once he saw her, Bogdan swooped down from the sky and landed with a crash on the ground in front of her.
The force of his feet landing onto the ground caused a huge gust of wind to blow Crystal’s hair and the bottom of her robe backwards, but she did not even flinch.
“How many times are you going to cheat death before I can finally be rid of you!” the monstrous Bogdan bellowed. His voice was deep and distorted from the transformation, and his body had become bigger and uglier since the first phase. His eyes were still the same colors except for the white part of his right eye, which was now black. His skin was rough and covered in spikes and scales and was a dark gray color now. His enormous wings had a span of at least twenty-five feet and he now had a long tail with spikes on the end.
“I will never be gone until you are, Bogdan, or should I say Gaull?” Crystal rebuked.
Bogdan roared with laughter that was so loud, the ground almost felt like it shook from a quake. Bogdan peered down at Crystal with a fanged grin and retorted, “Gaull is no one anymore. His power is mine now!”
Just then, Bogdan’s body began to shift and distort again.  He glowed with an eerie black aura and began to grow even bigger. He laughed more and muttered, “Yes . . . here it is, the final transformation!” 
“NO! Bogdan stop!” Crystal yelled.
“Now nothing can stop me!” Bogdan screeched. He laughed maniacally over Crystal’s warnings until he finally stopped and stammered, “Wait . . . what’s happening?”
Bogdan stumbled around as he continued to shift form, and suddenly a different, monstrous voice came from him and growled, “FOOLISH MAN!  I WILL BE FREE!”
Bogdan’s lips moved with the voice, but he was clearly not the speaker, for he then replied, “NO!  I have your power now! You will stay imprisoned where you belong!”
“THAT’S IT, MORTAL,” Gaull’s booming and sharp voice taunted, “FIGHT ME WITH ALL OF YOUR WRETCHED SOUL! STRENGTHEN ME!”
“I will be a god! You cannot stop me!” Bogdan screamed. He placed his clawed hands to his face and continued to scream and fight the transformation.
Crystal desperately needed to act fast, so she called out to the beast before her one last time.
“Look at me, Bogdan!” she yelled.
The monstrosity that was once Bogdan stopped struggling momentarily to stare her down, but she looked up at him with fearless confidence and said, “Bogdan, you are a selfish, heartless, and ruthless man. You have destroyed countless lives and now you stand here at the brink of destruction. I have come a long way and learned many things in the past ten years. The people I have encountered have strengthened me beyond belief. You say that having a heart makes a person weak, but in truth, it is the contrary. Caring about others makes me stronger, because when my loved ones’ lives are in peril, I stop at nothing to protect them.
“Despite all that you’ve done and all that you’ve taken from me, I would never have those people supporting me and making me stronger. I would never have developed the strongest traits I have if not for you, and so Bogdan, I am here to tell you that I forgive you!”
Crystal lifted her arms in the air and suddenly, a white light appeared in between them. Bogdan stepped backward out of shock and fear, and in a split second, Crystal’s body glowed with a white aura again and the light in her hands shot towards Bogdan. The light surrounded his entire body and he shrieked with pain as if he were being swallowed by flames. Crystal kept her concentration on him as he struggled against her power.
Crystal continued to glow and as soon as Bogdan tried to fly again, she shouted, “Kerali, attack his wings!”
On cue, Kerali led a dozen Elvish and human archers in an attack with a swarm of arrows that penetrated his enormous wings. The arrows kept him steady and close to the ground, but he was still able to stay afloat.
“Maryn! Taryn! Get him out of the air!” Crystal cried.
The twins and several rogues, mostly other halflings, began throwing darts and knifes at Bogdan’s wings, and that did the trick. He fell to the ground still surrounded by the light. His spiked tail then thrashed around and he swung his arms madly.
“Everyone else, attack!” Crystal commanded.
Sigurd let out a battle cry and brought his axe down on Bogdan’s tail, slicing the tip off. Bogdan then tried to charge at Crystal, but as they promised, the other swordsmen and axe wielders defended her and struck Bogdan’s arms and legs with their blades. As the monstrous King fell to the ground on his side, Blaze and Gavril readied their swords for their turn to strike.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Blaze asked Gavril.
“Tell you what?” Gavril asked.
“About you and my mother and how she died. Why did you hide it from me?” Blaze clarified.
“Would you have believed me?” Gavril answered.
Blaze shrugged his shoulders and replied, “Probably not.”
Gavril held his sword steady and faced forward, but continued, “The first time I saw you in the City of Magi, all the memories of your mother came flooding back to me. I couldn’t believe how much you looked like her and every day you were at the hideout, it took everything I had not to tell you what happened. I knew you wouldn’t believe me and even though I tried to hate you because of Bogdan, I couldn’t help but want to like you. I wanted to trust you for that reason too, and even when I had the chance to kill you, I could never betray your mother’s memory by doing so,” Gavril said.
Blaze let Gavril’s words sink deep into him. He focused his entire mind, body, and heart into his next task, and when Crystal called their names for them to charge, he said to Gavril, “Well, let’s do this for her, Father.”
Gavril smirked and replied, “For her and everyone else depending on us.”
Then, father and son charged for the monster side by side and with no hesitation, plunged their swords into Bogdan’s chest and ended the battle.



CHAPTER 25

EVERYONE BACKED AWAY from Bogdan as his still body shifted back to its normal size. The light faded from his body and Crystal stopped glowing. After seeing her legs tremble slightly, Blaze realized that Crystal was about to collapse and rushed over to her as she fell to her knees. He knelt beside her and held her up while she regained her energy.
Just as Bogdan lay completely motionless on his back and reverted back to his human form, a large, black shadow seeped from his skin. It floated like a cloud of smoke and then took the form of a distorted face. The shadowy face let out a shrill, inhuman scream before fading away in the air and disappearing forever.
“It’s . . . over,” Crystal panted.
“Just relax. You used a lot of energy with that spell,” Gavril said softly as he approached her.
Crystal then tried to stand, but Blaze stood as well and held her arm.
“Hang on, you need to rest,” Blaze scolded her.
“Just a minute, please. I have to make sure he’s dead,” Crystal pleaded. Blaze nodded and released his grip.
The monsters in town had disappeared and the villagers, rebels, mages, and Elders had crowded around the sides of the square. The watched as Crystal slowly made her way to Bogdan’s still body and knelt beside him. Even with his eyes closed and his body still, Bogdan’s face was still fierce and sharp. His chest was covered cuts and stab wounds that were still slowly bleeding. Crystal leaned over him and reached her hand to his neck to feel his pulse.
However, before her fingers even touched his skin, she screamed as Bogdan’s hand flew up and snatched her arm. At that same moment, his eyes flew open and he lunged towards her. Bogdan landed on top of her and wrapped both of his hands around her neck and once again, Crystal desperately tried to release his grip.
“You’ve ruined everything I have fought for you parasitic bitch! Why won’t you die?” Bogdan screamed.
Crystal then felt him lift off of her and felt a pair of arms pick her up. She realized it was Gavril who held her in his arms when he rushed off to the side and placed her on the ground. Several other rebels knelt beside her to make sure she was all right. After he was sure she was fine, Gavril then ran to Bogdan’s direction where Blaze was now kneeling on top of him and savagely beating him.
“Blaze!” Gavril shouted. He stopped a few feet away from the quarrel when he saw Blaze stand up and unsheathe his sword.
Bogdan lay on his back again and Blaze stood towering over him with his sword. He held it in both his hands with the blade pointed downward straight at Bogdan’s chest.
Blaze looked down upon the man who he once called his father with nothing but disgust and hatred. There was no fear or dread in the King’s eyes, but Blaze could see was what seemed to be anticipation. Blaze’s sword hovered over Bogdan’s body for some time. His body tensed up and the hilt trembled in his hand as he finally had the chance for his revenge.
However, Blaze’s body suddenly became relaxed and, with his hand still holding the hilt, he let the tip of his blade hit the ground beside Bogdan. Blaze closed his eyes and took several deep breaths as he backed away. Crystal stood and started walking towards him while Gavril stood off aside and waited for what Blaze would do next.
To everyone’s surprise, Bogdan burst into laughter. He rolled onto his side, lifted himself slightly with his arms, and he looked up at Blaze and taunted him. “I knew you had gone soft. You can’t even kill me.” 
Bogdan then continued to laugh until Blaze replaced his sword into its sheath. “Actually, Bogdan, I did exactly what I wanted to do.”
“What are you talking about?” Bogdan countered.
“Don’t you get it? I was fighting the urge to kill you because I refuse to follow in your footsteps any longer.  There was a time when I would have killed you without a second thought, but the truth is . . .” Blaze stared him down again, and this time, he stared back with a hateful and shocked expression. Blaze finally muttered, “. . . You don’t deserve death.”
The crowd of people inched closer and Crystal watched Blaze with a smile, proud of his courage.
“What is that supposed to mean?” Bogdan growled.
“Look around, Bogdan,” Blaze told him. “Everyone here is someone affected by your cruelty. They are all watching you as you lay humiliated and alone on the ground, and in your already weak and wounded condition, you won’t be alive much longer anyway. I can’t think of a better way for your life to end than for all these people to watch you squirm alone in the dirt.”
Blaze then turned and walked off towards Crystal. She smiled at him again and he smiled back. Crystal approached Blaze to embrace him, but stopped in her tracks when she saw Bogdan rise to his feet behind him with one of the halflings’ throwing knives braced in his hand and charged towards Blaze while he still had his back turned.
“Look out!” Crystal shouted to Blaze.
“If I die, I’m taking you with me!” Bogdan screamed just as Blaze turned around. He was about to grab his sword to defend himself when Gavril stepped in front of him and drove his sword straight through Bogdan’s heart. The knife slipped out of Bogdan’s hand and tumbled carelessly onto the ground.
With a fierce glare, Gavril looked Bogdan straight in the eyes only inches from his face and whispered, “You may have taken Althea from me, but I will never let you take our son.”
In his dying moments, Bogdan felt a sense of defeat for the first time in his life. His skin grew pale as the blood pumping from his heart poured down his body.  His bloodshot eyes closed slowly and Gavril removed his sword and let his mortal enemy collapse lifelessly to the ground.
Bogdan’s body grew still and his blood spread into a large puddle at Gavril’s feet. He backed away in time to avoid the blood staining his boots and his body began to wobble faintly back and forth. Crystal and Blaze both walked up behind him in time to catch him before he collapsed backwards.
“Be careful, you’re still weak,” Crystal said gently.
“Don’t worry, I'll be fine,” Gavril assured her.
The whole town square remained speechless by what just happened. Sigurd, Kerali, Maryn, and Taryn all walked forward and knelt down in front of Crystal.
“You were all amazing,” Crystal praised them.
To her shock, they then bowed their heads before her and the crowd knelt and did the same. She let Blaze hold onto Gavril, stood up, and announced, “You may all stand now. Go and spread the word across the kingdom that Bogdan has fallen and Cierith is free.”
With that, the entire crowd stood up and applauded.

By the next morning, nearly the entire kingdom of Cierith had heard the news of Bogdan’s death. Those who had long before lost hope of a peaceful future suddenly found themselves celebrating life and looking forward to the next day. Tears of fear and sorrow were replaced with tears of joy. For the first time in ten years, the people of Cierith left their houses in the middle of the night to dance in the moonlight and anticipate the morning light.
For the first time in their lives, the small children that would someday be the future of Cierith could sleep well that night knowing that they would still be alive in the morning.
Bogdan’s body was cremated the next morning and his ashes were spread in the forest surrounding Cartigo, as was Valamar’s after they were gathered from the throne room. There was also the question of what to do with Valamar’s riches, since he had no other family left. As Gavril pointed out, Crystal was technically Valamar’s widow, so she was entitled to everything he owned upon his death. Crystal decided to sell Valamar’s estate and use all of his wealth to not only rebuild Cierith, but also to help the poverty-stricken citizens of Daldussa.
Most importantly, Crystal was now going by her true name again. She wasn’t used to the name anymore, but she knew that she didn’t have to hide her name anymore, and she bore it proudly.
And so Princess Amelia was alive once again.
Over the next week, the Elders returned to the City of Magi to tend to the Cierith refugees before telling them about the liberation. Once they did, they sent with the refugees a new robe for Amelia as a gift. It was the same design as the one they lent her the last time she went, but this one was red-violet in color rather than the previous pale green. They also sent her a story book that Bredewig found. It was based off of the hero who defeated Gaull, and the Elders figured that she would like it.
Blaze had opened the book to read it one day and when Gavril saw it, he laughed and blurted out, “That was your mother’s favorite book.”
Blaze suddenly felt like he got hit by a ton of bricks when Gavril told him that, and he replied, “My mother told me in the Lost Realm that she named me after the hero from her favorite book . . .”
“That’s right, Blaze.  That means you were named after the hero who defeated Gaull,” Gavril replied.
Blaze flipped the book open furiously and, sure enough, he saw his name written throughout the book.
Gavril then laughed again and said, “Isn’t it funny how fate works out sometimes?”

Princess Amelia had some free time a week after Bogdan’s death, so she decided to go for a walk to the garden just outside the back of the castle. There had been massive damage to the whole city as well as the castle itself and Amelia had had her hands tied organizing the rebuilding of everything. She hadn’t even been officially crowned yet and Amelia was already worn out.
Amelia walked into the garden to find Blaze waiting for her. He wore nice, clean clothing consisting of a long-sleeved white shirt, a dark green tunic, brown pants, and dark brown boots. He sat on the same stone bench that she sat on with her parents on numerous occasions, and to her surprise, the tree was still there beside the bench.
“I figured you would come here,” Blaze said with a smile. He then stood up, approached her, and passionately kissed her.
Amelia wrapped her arms around Blaze and held him while his lips brushed over and pressed against hers. He slowly pulled his lips away and locked eyes with her for a brief, but intense moment. She felt herself blushing and let out a nervous laugh. Blaze seemed to find it cute, which embarrassed her more.
“By the way,” Amelia finally said softly, “what was that promise my father was talking about?”
Blaze let out a small sigh and answered, “The night we found your parents’ graves, I crept away while you were sleeping and visited the graves again. While I was there, I promised your parents that I would do whatever it takes to give you your kingdom back and, if I made it out alive, I’d spend the rest of my life making up to you the things that were stolen. I didn’t think they would hear me but obviously, I was wrong.”
Amelia smiled humbly and bowed her head trying to hide a tear. “Well you’ve completed the first step and lived through it as well. What is the next step?”
“Well, step two can only be achieved if you want it to be, Crys—I mean, Amelia. Step three will also depend on what you decide for step two,” Blaze said.
“What do you mean?” Amelia asked.
In response to her question, Amelia was then surprised to see Blaze kneel before her on one knee, gently grab her left hand, and ask, “Will you marry me?”
Amelia’s heart nearly stopped and tears flooded her eyes and all the while, Blaze never flinched or looked away from her.
“Yes . . .” she stammered out with joyful tears, “Yes, Blaze, I will.”
With that, Blaze lunged upward and scooped Amelia up in his arms. She let out a cry of surprise and laughed as he held her up with his arms around her waist and then let her down, kissing her again.
“What will we do about the two kingdoms?” Amelia asked after Blaze pulled away from the kiss.
“You and I will stay here and rule Cierith where you belong. Bogdan wasn’t my real father and even though he left no other heir, it doesn’t feel right for me to succeed the throne in his place,” Blaze explained.
“Who will succeed the Daldussan throne if you won’t?” Amelia asked.
Just then, a familiar voice called out from behind her and said, “I will.”
Amelia turned to see Gavril also in new clothing and with a haircut. His hair was now slicked back out of his face as it was before, but it was cut just below his jawline and he still had facial hair.
“Gavril, you’re going to rule Daldussa?” Amelia asked in disbelief.
“I couldn’t care less about the throne or the crown. I volunteered to take Blaze’s place because I knew he wanted to stay here in Cierith with you. As my first act as his father, I am giving Blaze the chance I never had with his mother, a chance to be with the woman he loves,” Gavril said proudly.
Amelia embraced Gavril, who held her tightly in return.
“It has been an honor to protect and teach you, Amelia,” Gavril whispered.
“It’s been a privilege to be your friend,” Amelia whispered back.
They pulled away from each other and Amelia then lightheartedly watched as Gavril and Blaze embraced for the first time as father and son. She knew that Althea would rest in peace now that the two people she loved more than anything in the world were now united in the way they were meant to be.
Still embracing his son, Gavril asked mostly in a rhetorical manner, “I take it she said ‘yes?’”
“She did,” Blaze replied, still embracing his father.
They finally let go of each other and Blaze returned to Crystal’s side. She held his hand and leaned against him.
“I’m really proud of you for your skills in the battle.  You really saved the day,” Gavril told Amelia.
“We all saved the day, Gavril. You, Blaze, and everyone else who fought in the final battle as well as throughout the years have been more than brave and honorable,” Amelia replied.
“But if not for your holy magic, all would have been lost. You were able to forgive your worst enemy, and to be honest, I hope I can do the same someday,” Gavril replied.
“You mean you would be willing to forgive Bogdan?” Amelia asked.
“In a way, yes, because even though I suffered tremendously and lost the love of my life, I wouldn’t change what happened,” Gavril said.
“Why not?” Blaze asked.
“Amelia never knew the whole story about when her father found me and her mother healed me.  That’s all true, of course, but there’s more to it than that. When August found me in the river and brought me to Cartigo, his chancellor, who was a mage, told him about the last holy mage in the City of Magi.
“August requested her presence immediately and a week later, I awoke to Elaine smiling at me and telling me I was going to be all right. You see, Amelia’s parents never would have met and therefore she never would have been born if it had not been for my tragedy,” Gavril explained.
Amelia was stunned by this revelation. She bowed her head and thought about what he said. Her heart ached for Gavril and she couldn’t imagine the sadness he must have gone through watching her parents fall in love after losing Althea. She then realized the strength he had to have in order to look past his own grief to be happy for them and she gained even more respect for him than she thought possible.
“Gavril . . .” she whispered.
“I don’t care what anyone says, Amelia. I wouldn’t take away your parents’ happiness for anything, and I know that Althea would feel the same way. I know I will see her again someday, and I treasure the time we had even more now that I know that something great came from our love,” Gavril said, and with the last words, he turned and looked at Blaze.
After smiling back at Gavril, Blaze then turned to Amelia and said, “After things are settled here, I will be going back to Daldussa for a week to get Gavril settled into the castle there and to publicly crown him as the new King. Once that is done, we will both come back to Cartigo and have the wedding. Then Gavril will return to Daldussa afterward.”
“Sounds like a good plan,” Amelia replied.
A little while later, Gavril bid Amelia and Blaze farewell and left them alone to enjoy the rest of the afternoon. The two of them relaxed on the stone bench with Amelia sitting up and Blaze lying on his back with his head rested on her lap.
After a few minutes of silently relaxing with the summer breeze lightly brushing their skin, Amelia then asked Blaze, “So after step two, what is step three going to be?”
“Well,” Blaze replied, “I can’t give you back the family you lost, so step three will be giving you a new family.”
Amelia smiled at the thought of little children running through the castle and Blaze swooping them up in his big arms.
Amelia brushed Blaze’s hair softly with her hand and said, “Well, I think we will both have a lot to learn about being parents, but I think that we should treat each day like a new journey and cherish it.” 
“There is also a step four, by the way. It’s the final and most important step,” Blaze added.
“What is step four?” Amelia asked.
Blaze paused, sat up, and looked Amelia in the eyes before answering, “I will love you and our children until the day I die.”
Amelia felt her heart flutter after what he said. She kissed him again for some time and when she pulled away slowly, the only words that could escape her lips were, “I’ll be looking forward to doing the same.”



EPILOGUE

“THERE HE IS, LORN! Don’t miss this time!” whispered an excited eight-year-old boy.
“Hush, Gareth. He’ll hear us,” a younger, calmer boy whispered as he pointed a loaded slingshot at a disgruntled dwarf. The two boys hid behind a thick brush in the castle courtyard in Cartigo, Cierith. When the dwarf had his back turned, Lorn released his grip and the slingshot flung a pebble right into the dwarf’s metal shoulder armor and made a loud dinging sound.
“Where are you blasted kids?” the old dwarf angrily shouted. The two boys giggled as quietly as they could, but the older boy accidentally let out a loud snort that gave away their hiding place.
“AHA! There you are!” the dwarf shouted and then trotted in their direction.
“Run!” the older boy cried.
The dwarf was always their main target for pranks because the boys always got a laugh at how red his ears became when he was angered.
“Sigurd sounds really mad this time,” Lorn cried.  His brown, curly hair flopped around back and forth as he ran through the castle corridors.
“Just keep running,” Gareth replied. He had black hair that was straight and neater than the other boy, who just so happened to be his younger brother.
“Father's going to tan our hides,” Lorn whined.
The brothers ran through the corridors of the castle towards the front entrance. They were in the foyer when they realized that they lost track of Sigurd, so they stopped running to catch their breath.
“Let’s get to the festival in the town square,” Gareth said. “We can tell Mother and Father we were there the whole time.”
“You know better than to lie to your parents, Gareth.”
The boys jerked when they saw their father standing at the top of the stairs looking down at them with his arms crossed. He was tall with black hair and intense blue eyes. Although Gareth resembled his father quite a bit, his eyes were green like his mother’s. Their parents were in fact the King and Queen of Cierith.
“Oh . . . uh . . . hi Papa!” Gareth stuttered out.
“You two weren’t playing pranks again, were you?” the King asked.
Before the brothers had a chance to make up an excuse, Sigurd came waddling into the room out of breath. When the dwarf saw the King, he blurted out, “Your boys were pelting me with pebbles again, Blaze!”
King Blaze walked down the steps and glared down at his two sons, who hung their heads and avoided eye contact with him. He grabbed them both by each an arm sternly, but not enough to hurt them. He faced them towards the dwarf, and said, “Apologize to Sigurd, this instant.”
The boys both stammered out apologies to the old dwarf, who snorted, but said, “Fine, fine.”
“Good, now let’s go to the town square to meet your mother and sister,” Blaze said, releasing his grip on their arms. 
“Is Grandfather here yet?” Gareth asked.
“Yes, he just left to go into town,” Blaze answered.
“Good, I wanted to greet him too. I haven’t seen the bloke since your youngest was born,” Sigurd said with a grin.
“Yeah, let’s go meet him!” Gareth cheered.
Blaze then led his two sons across the drawbridge and into the town with Sigurd trailing a ways behind them. The streets were covered in decorations and littered with people dancing and celebrating. He happened to glance over at the stables and saw his horse, Bear, and a smile grew on his face. His wife was right; Bear was a reminder of the time the two of them spent growing closer.
Several people bowed as Blaze and his sons walked by, and he felt comfortable now that the people had seemed to have forgiven him for the past. Ever since Bogdan’s death, Blaze spent the last ten years keeping the promise he made all those years ago.
“Papa, how long has it been since Cierith was freed?” Gareth asked.
“Ten years today,” Blaze answered. He found it hard to believe that ten years had passed already, for it still seemed like it had only just happened the day before. He then added, “It all happened before your mother and I were even married.”
“I don’t understand, did Grandfather take over Cierith?” Lorn asked.
“No, Lorn. It was the man who ruled before your grandfather who invaded Cierith twenty years ago,” Blaze replied.
“Then how did Grandfather become King of Daldussa and you became King of Cierith?” Lorn asked.
Blaze chuckled and replied, “It’s a very long and complicated story, but I promise I will explain it one day when you are older. For now, let’s just enjoy today.”
Blaze then grinned and picked up Lorn and slung the little boy over his shoulder playfully. Lorn laughed and pretended to be flying while Gareth trailed behind and made funny faces at him. Lorn then pretended to shoot invisible rocks at Gareth with the empty slingshot. Gareth comically pretended to be hit in a very overly dramatic manner.
They finally reached the town square and after a quick scan, Blaze spotted his wife, Amelia, and his daughter, Alene. They were kneeling and praying before an enormous stone memorial in the middle of the town square. The memorial was erected not long after the liberation of the kingdom and it had the names of all the people who gave their lives in the fight to save Cierith.
The statue atop the memorial was in the shape of two crossed swords and a large dove perched in between them. This was meant to symbolize the new found peace the two kingdoms, Daldussa and Cierith, thanks to the sacrifices made by the people whose names were listed on the plaques below it.
“There you two are!” Amelia said when she looked up saw her sons.
“Mother!” they both exclaimed and embraced her.
Amelia's tiny, dark-haired daughter sat in her lap clutching a doll. The little princess’s eyes lit up when she saw her father approach and she immediately and ran to him.  Her little white dress bounced around her feet as the tiny girl ran excitedly, and Blaze couldn’t help but smile and laugh.
“Daddy!” she cried.
Blaze laughed and scooped Alene up in his arms.  She giggled as she hung onto his neck with her tiny arms and Amelia couldn’t help but smile at the gentle way her husband held his little daughter. It was a familiar experience to her, and it always warmed her heart to see that Blaze kept his promise he made to her own father.
Gavril soon walked up to the memorial and said, “I hope I'm not intruding.”
“Grandfather!” the princes both cried out in unison.
King Gavril Fletcher then bent down to catch his grandsons as they ran for him. Though his once stone-like features had become worn with age, his warm brown eyes and heartening smile never changed.
The boys released their grip on their grandfather and he stood up to walk back to their mother with them.
“How are things in Daldussa, Gavril?” Amelia asked.
“Surprisingly well these days. At first, a lot of people were so used to Bogdan’s way of doing things that everyone had a hard time understanding why I was suddenly crowned as king in Blaze’s place. I never got any complaints, but I could see in their faces that they were weary of trusting me. Eventually, though, things got a little easier, in more ways than one,” Gavril explained.
“What do you mean?” Blaze asked.
Just then, Maryn and Taryn approached the group and greeted everyone.
“Gavril, long time no see,” Taryn exclaimed. After ten years, it seemed that both he and Maryn only aged about three or four years, and even then, Gareth and Lorn were already taller than the twins.
“We’ve missed you!” Maryn added.
“My, you two have grown!” Gavril commented.
“But they haven’t matured one bit!” Sigurd growled as he came trotting up to the group, glaring at the twins.
“What do you mean?” Maryn asked innocently.
“I know it was you two who taught Gareth and Lorn to play pranks on me. They’ve been shooting pebbles at me all morning,” Sigurd barked.
The twins exchanged glances and Taryn said, “Oh, Sigurd, we don’t do that stuff anymore.”
“The years have really matured us,” Maryn said with a smile.
Sigurd glared at them again and then at the princes, who clutched Gavril’s hands and tried to look as innocent as possible.
“I’m onto you,” Sigurd growled at the twins.
The second he turned and walked away, the twin halflings walked up to the princes and smirked.
“Nice job with the slingshot,” Taryn said, laughing.  He then gave each boy a high five and the four of them laughed until the three adults gave them hard looks.
“Uh . . . come boys, let’s go see Kerali,” Maryn said. “He’s over there with Breuvial.” 
She then pointed in the direction of the tavern.  Sure enough, Kerali was visiting with a group of dwarves with Breuvial, who was now his wife. They were both dressed in pale green and other earthy shades and Breuvial wore a long gown with her hair pale down. After the Daldussan soldier camps were cleared from the area, the elves returned to where the forest used to be and began to rebuild their homes and replant trees and all other forms of life.
The Elders were also with Kerali and Breuvial, including the two new elders that were elected not long after Bogdan’s death. The halfling twins then led Gareth and Lorn over to greet the elves and elders and as soon as they were out of earshot, Gavril began to continue what he was saying.
“You know, at first I thought that staying alone in that castle would be too hard after what happened to Althea, but the first night I was there, she visited me in a dream,” Gavril stated.
“Really?” Amelia asked surprisingly. Blaze straightened up to listen.
Gavril nodded. “She told me how proud she was of the man I’ve become and she knew that I would turn Daldussa into a great kingdom. She told me she still loved me, and before she disappeared, I told her that I would never stop loving her.”
Amelia nearly cried after hearing Gavril’s words and Blaze just smiled. Alene then beamed ear to ear and leaned away from her father and reached her tiny arms out for Gavril. The three adults laughed as Gavril accepted the little girl’s gesture.
“This little one is definitely the spitting image of Althea,” Gavril stated while holding onto his granddaughter.
Alene brushed the side of Gavril’s face with her tiny hands, and he couldn’t help but smile and hold her onto his shoulder. It was indeed a heartwarming sight and Blaze and Amelia stood side by side and watched with light hearts as their daughter rested her head on her grandfather’s shoulder.
The festival continued throughout the day, and by sunset, a large group of children gathered around the King and Queen as they once again told the story of Cierith’s liberation. Gareth and Lorn sat in front of the crowd and Alene sat on her mother’s lap.
Blaze began the story by saying, “Ten years ago, Queen Amelia fought valiantly against a man who once ruled Daldussa with cruelty and greed. He took her life away when she was only a child, but with the love of everyone around her, she was able to lead her people to defeat him. We hold this festival every year to celebrate the day she won our freedom.”
Amelia smiled and added, “But if King Blaze had not protected me and kept me going, I would not have been able to gain all the courage I had, nor would I have even been alive without King Gavril’s help. He was and still is worthy of succeeding the Daldussan throne.”
“Mother, who is going to rule Daldussa after Grandfather?” Gareth asked.
“Gareth is going to take the throne after you, right?” Lorn added, “So who will take Grandfather's place?”
Gavril, sitting next to Blaze, answered, “You will, Lorn.”
“I’m going to be a king too?” Lorn asked with an excited smile.
“That’s right, Lorn,” Blaze replied. “You and your brother will rule each a kingdom. I want you both to always keep an alliance between the Cierith and Daldussa and if another kingdom threatens one of you, I want you to promise that you will come to the other’s aid and defend them.”
“I promise,” Lorn said with a smile.
“Me too,” Gareth added with a silly grin.
“What about Alene, though?” Lorn asked, “What will she do?”
“Alene will be able to be whoever she wants to be,” Amelia answered. She then looked down at her daughter, who was fast asleep against her breast, and said, “And no one will hold her back.”





Keep reading for an excerpt of Brittany Comeaux's new novel, Half-Breed: The White Wolf!


Coming June 10, 2015!


Varg is a renowned bounty hunter, an expert survivalist, and among other things, a half-breed. After accepting what seems like another routine job, he meets a half-elf huntress named Milea who has been framed for murder. Upon proving her innocence, he unwittingly becomes a wanted criminal himself. Varg and Milea join forces and set out to clear their names, all the while avoiding deadly assassins trying to kill them at every turn. With every twist and turn, they soon discover that the murder victim was involved in a dangerous crime ring led by an entity known only as the Serpent. 

Varg must summon every ounce of courage he has in order to find the will to keep fighting, but his haunting memories of the past could prove to be the worst enemy of all . . .





THE DIM CANDLE LIGHT revealed Count Lerington's study, a room that was full of books, scrolls, and trinkets that were scattered in a disorderly fashion. It was clear the Count was a scholarly man, judging by the wear and tear on the old tomes and the way they were placed to the side of his chair for later use. A lone desk sat on the opposite end of the room, which was littered with scribbled parchment. Judging by the state of things, it was apparent that Lionel Lerington had left in a hurry.
Varg rubbed his forehead with his fingertips and muttered, “This mess doesn't make our job any easier.”
Milea placed the candle on Lionel's desk, then moved aside a roll of parchment that was at risk of catching fire, then said, “We have to search this study top to bottom for any evidence that points to why he was murdered, so let's get to it.”
Varg nodded, then began to search the top of the desk for important notes or papers while Milea examined the nearest bookshelf. He found nothing as he sifted through the parchment, so he started to check the drawers instead. Aching to bring an end to the silence, Varg began to speak, “I noticed that the rest of the bed chambers in the castle haven't been used in some time. Lionel doesn't appear to have any family left.”
“Perhaps,” Milea replied as she replaced a book on the shelf, “but they certainly weren't forgotten. She pointed to the left wall where a large portrait hung. The portrait had an older man—though he'd only seen Lionel's decaying body, Varg recognized this man as the Count in better days—seated in a chair. A woman, no doubt his wife judging by her age, stood behind the chair. Two younger women who appeared to be his daughters stood on either side of the chair. One of the daughters and the wife had pale hair and eyes, but Varg noticed that the other daughter had dark hair and eyes, which was odd since Lionel looked nothing like her either.
After examining the family portrait, Varg allowed his curiosity to interrupt his current task. “I wonder where they are?”
“The daughters look old enough to be married, so they probably live with husbands elsewhere. Since we didn't find a wife living in the castle, it's a safe bet that Lionel was a widower,” Milea suggested.
“Do you think his daughters may know more about the gang?” Varg asked.
“I doubt Lionel would have told them, since it only would have put their lives in danger,” Milea said. “We'll know more once we find what we're looking for.”
Varg closed the second drawer after finding nothing but old maps—he took one of the maps of Fellen just in case—and extra vials of ink and quills. He came to the last drawer, however, and find that it would not open. He sifted through the papers again to find a key, but couldn't find one. Not to worry, he thought. He simply whipped out his lockpick again and tried it on the lock, but he soon found that the lock was incredibly complex and quite impossible to open without a key.
Varg replaced his lockpick in his satchel in defeat, then looked up to Milea and asked, “Do you see a key anywhere?”
“No, sorry,” Milea said. She walked towards the desk again and asked, “Something wrong?”
“The bottom drawer of this desk is locked tighter than a king's jewel vault,” Varg answered.
“Let me look,” the half-elf said as she shifted through any container, shelf, and corner she could find. Varg did the same on his side of the room, but neither of them could find anything that even resembled a key.
Just when Varg was about to search the other rooms, he spotted a peculiar spot on the frame of Lionel's family portrait. A small section at the bottom was discolored compared the the rest of the frame, and upon closer inspection, Varg could see a small latch in the carefully carved wood. He gently fiddled with the small latch and soon opened a small secret compartment in the frame. The compartment held an old, iron key, and Varg had a strong hunch it was the one he was looking for.
Varg turned back towards the desk and without looking at Milea, he said, “I think I found it.”
Milea replaced the lid back on the tack box she was sifting through and said, “Oh good. Let's hope it works.
Varg knelt before the drawer and slowly pushed the key into the hole as it if would disintegrate if not handled properly. He turned the key to the left and upon hearing the click, heaved a sigh of relief and opened the drawer. He looked inside expecting to find treasures and terrible secrets only to discover the drawer was empty.
“What in the world . . .?” Milea uttered.
“Why bother locking a drawer if nothing was inside?” Varg said.
Milea examined the drawer further, and then said, “Wait a moment.”
Milea grabbed lowered the candle to get a better look inside the drawer. After a quick examination, she seemed to have spotted something peculiar, so she reached under the drawer and knocked. Then she used her other hand to reach inside the drawer. Within a minute, she pulled the bottom of the drawer up, revealing a secret compartment.
Varg stared in awe as Milea propped the piece of wood to the side of the desk and asked, “How did you know?”
“I could see a tiny gap between the edge of the drawer and the bottom, and when I knocked I could tell that the wood was hollow. Then I felt a hole in the back and pulled the false bottom outwith my finger,” she explained. “Now let's see what Lionel was so desperate to hide.”
From the secret compartment, Milea pulled an old leather book. She opened it to reveal messy handwriting on crumpled pages. She ran her cautious fingers over the illegible text and gently turned the pages as though they were thousands of years old.
“I think this is Lionel's journal,” she said.
Varg peeked at the writings and couldn't understand a word of it. “What use is a journal if we can't read the handwriting? I think Lionel mixed his writing and wine a bit too much.”
Milea stared at the document and ran her fingers over the pages and said, “This is Elvish, Varg.”
“Elvish?” Varg asked in disbelief, “But how—?”
“I haven't the slightest idea. Aside from me, there hasn't been a single elf outside the Crystal Wood in centuries,” Milea said. “As far as the human realm is concerned, Elvish is a dead language.”
“What could be so important in that journal that Lerington would write in an unreadable language to keep anyone from finding out?” Varg wondered.
“There is only one way to find out,” Milea answered. She began at the first page and skimmed the text, then said, “I am not as fluent in Elvish as I used to be, but I may be able to translate this.”
She began to flip through the pages when Varg suddenly stopped her.
“Look here,” Varg said, “a page is missing.” He then fished the old scrap of paper he took from Lionel's possessions and held up the left side to the tear mark to compare it. Despite having been soaked, torn, and folded, the paper was a perfect match.
Varg nodded and exchanged a glance with Milea. “No doubt about it, this paper came from Lionel's journal.”
“You're right, and look here.” She then pointed to the opposite page where there was a tiny sketch of a man in a black hood in the corner and said, “Look familiar?”
“Just like the men who attacked us in Birhog,” Varg said.
“This journal is exactly what kind of evidence we've been looking for,” Milea said. “Who knows what other information we'll find in its pages?”
“Maybe now we can—” Varg stopped abruptly and began to sniff the air.
“What is it?” Milea asked. 
“We need to leave,” Varg answered.
“What? Why?”
“Now,” Varg said more urgently.
He grabbed Milea by her free arm and urged her towards the door, despite her many questions and protests. She still carried the journal and Varg finally got her running through the door. Of all his enhanced senses, his smell was top notch. Varg knew danger when he smelled it, and this time it came in the form of smoke.
Varg allowed Milea to run in front of him, so she'd be in less danger, and followed her to the staircase.
“What the—who are you?”
Varg and Milea stopped in their tracks and turned to see a guard marching out of one of the bedrooms behind them. The agitated guard drew his sword and boldly pointed it at the intruders.
“I'm sorry, we were just leaving,” Varg said in a hurry.
The guard boldly inched forward. “Don't even think about running! You're under arrest for trespassing in the Count's castle!”
Varg stood his ground, but hurriedly said, “Look, there is danger nearby and you need to run before it you get hurt.”
Before the guard could argue, Lionel's study erupted in a deafening inferno behind him. The force of the blaze sent the shocked guard flying forward and onto the floor. Varg turned and rushed towards Milea to shield her, and he ended up falling on top of her. Once the blast calmed, Varg looked down and saw Milea was fine, but irked.
It was then that Varg realized his hand was on Milea's breast. He jerked his hand back and jumped off of her in a hurry, trying to stutter an apology. “I swear I didn't mean to . . . I mean, it did feel nice, but . . .”
Milea stood and quickly composed herself. “Never mind that. We need to help that guard!”
Varg ran to the guard's side, picked him up, and flung him over his shoulder. He then trotted down the stairs with Milea behind him.
“This way!” they heard a man yell.
“Go back through the garden,” Milea urged.
Varg did so, and fortunately there weren't any guards in sight. Varg ran across the courtyard without caring that anyone saw them, and once he made it to some brush near the outer wall, he set the guard down against the stone. The guard had a few minor burns and was out cold, but was otherwise unharmed.
“Thank Laelith for your sense of smell,” Milea said after she place a small healing potion next to the guard.
“It's never failed me yet,” Varg said proudly.
“I can only assume that it was one of the assassins who did that,” Milea said. “The question is, how?”
“I smelled smoke coming from the window area, as if a fuse had just been lit. I assume they scaled the building without the guards noticing and set the explosion to get rid of us,” Varg explained.
“And destroy Lionel's study,” Milea offered.
“Which means they knew about Lionel's journal, or at least knew he had some form of evidence in his study,” Varg said.
“What's more, now that they're following us, we'll need to cover our tracks,” Milea dreaded.
Varg nodded and scanned the yard to make sure he couldn't see any assassins that caused the blaze, but only saw the fire from Lionel's study spreading to the other rooms of the castle. The guards tried desperately to control it, but despite their efforts the fire engulfed the entire second floor. Varg turned back to Milea and said, “We'd better make a break for it while they're distracted.”
“You're right,” Milea said.
Once they were sure they'd left the guard where he could be found, they scaled the wall using the rope Varg left behind and tumbled onto the dirt on the other side. They scrambled to their feet before anyone could investigate the noise they made and ran into the night, leaving nothing but the charred remains of Count Lerington's castle in their wake.


ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Brittany Comeaux lives with her husband and daughter in Eunice, LA. She started writing at an early age after being inspired by Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.


For more info on preorders, original artwork, and special offers, find Brittany Comeaux on the following sites:

Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/brittanycomeauxauthor

Goodreads:
https://www.goodreads.com/Bri-Cx

Deviantart:
www.nillavel.deviantart.com
