Descendent

Douglas Sharp


Cover Art
Neil Ohmie
Copyright © 2015 Douglas Sharp
All rights reserved.


DEDICATION


For my wife, Michelle.  Thank you for believing in me through these long years of writing.  I couldn’t have done it without you.
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

This second edition was an unexpected venture.  I would like to again thank my wife, Michelle, for all of the patience and sacrifice that has been required of her.  
	My thanks to my brother, Clifford Sharp, for helping and encouraging me through the process of getting through this edition.
	Thanks to Elizabeth Roberts for going through the manuscript and catching any mistakes that were missed in the last edition.
	A special thanks to Neil Ohmie, who has illustrated and design a wonderful cover.
	And I would again include in my thanks all those who help with the previous edition, for I would not be here without them: Carson and Julia Sharp, Christopher Spencer, Brian Spencer, Jason Heaps, Brandon Pack, Emily Sheely, AnnaCecelia Nelson, and Aidan Goble.






pROLOGUE

The dragon shot out of the entrance to his lair.  He adjusted his flight trajectory and sped south across the rolling green hills.  He was flying so fast that many of the people, hard at work in the fields, did not notice him as he rushed above the landscape.  Within minutes, he could see his destination; a piece of ground not unlike the rest of the green fields around it.  Most of the year, this place was no different from anywhere else.  Today, however, was the summer solstice and this piece of ground was centered on the conflux of the two strongest magical currents that flowed through space around Earth.
A man was standing where the magic was centered.  He was older, his white hair and beard well kept.  He watched as the dragon landed on the ground in front of him, then bowed.  “My lord, it is good to see you.”
The dragon nodded.  “What are you doing here?”
“Preparing.”
The dragon waited for more but the old man said nothing.  “What are you preparing?”
“I’m going to cast a spell.”
The dragon sighed.  “We are beyond such childish games.  Tell me specifically what spell you are preparing to cast.”
“Why should I tell you?”  the old man said caustically.  “You’ve always told me you don’t interfere.”
“Ah, I see,” the dragon said.  “You’re angry with me because I didn’t come and help at Camlann.”
“Of course I’m angry,” the old man replied.  “You could have turned the tide of the battle.  Instead, the sword is once again with the Lady of the Lake and Arthur is in a deep, healing sleep on Avalon.  Arthur’s vassals continue to fight Mordred’s forces and are beginning to turn on each other.  Everything that Arthur and I worked for is crumbling before my eyes and there is nothing I can do to stop it.”
 “My duty is to protect this world from the Aldri, not to force the development of civilization down a path of my choosing,” the dragon replied.
“Your very presence on this world changes the path civilization is taking,” the old man countered.  “How is that not interference?”
“It is passive,” the dragon said.  “I cannot change the consequences of my presence but I can control how active I am in using my power and influence to affect the development of this world.” 
“Then there is no need to worry about what spell I’m casting,” the old man said.  “What I am doing will in no way affect your task.”
“The only reason to cast your spell at this location at this time of year is to access the conflux of magical currents.  Any spell that requires that much energy can potentially interfere with my mission,” the dragon told him.
“Believe me when I say you will not even notice what I’m going to do.”
“I will be the judge of that,” the dragon said. 
The old man turned away from the dragon and walked for a moment.  He then turned back to him, “From here, I will take away mankind’s ability to use magic.”
“That is not possible,” the dragon said.  “You cannot take away what is born in every human.  Magic is a part of your existence, as much a part as water is.  Without it, mankind will die.”
The old man shook his head.  “I did not say I was going to take magic away from humans, merely the ability to use it.”
“Why?”
“Because humans cannot be trusted with that much power,” the old man explained.  “Every major disaster caused by humans has been because of magic.   Mankind will always misuse power.”
“What about the great things that have been done with magic?” the dragon asked.  “How much knowledge has been gained with the aid of magic?  How many have been healed who would have died?  The great buildings that have been constructed?  This was all done with the aid of magic.  What you and Arthur accomplished…”
“Arthur is gone!” the old man said, cutting the dragon off.  “Because of a magic user!  Everything that we accomplished is undone because of one magic user.  I will not allow it to happen again.”
“Removing mankind’s ability to use magic will not change what is in their hearts,” the dragon told him.  “You will still have great tragedies caused by men.”
“Without magic, they will not be as large,” the old man said.
“You are approaching this the wrong way.  Taking away the tools people use to destroy does not change the desire.  Unless you change the heart, they will find another way.  You will force mankind down the road of technology, which can be just as powerful as magic.”
The old man locked eyes with the dragon.  “By the time technology is as powerful as magic maybe humans will have learned self-control.”
“Do you really believe that?”
“It is my hope,” the old man said.
The dragon sighed.  “You realize that you will be ripped apart by the magic before you finish casting the spell?  Not even I could channel the whole of the conflux; that is what you will need to do to cast this spell.”
“I will have a harness,” the old man said, looking to the west.
The dragon turned just as the head of a giant, holding two large stones on his shoulders, came into view.  More giants came into view, each carrying stones.
“Here, I will build a conductor that will allow me to control the flow of the conflux,” the old man explained.  “Within the moonstone structure, I will be able to cast my spell.”
“You will still be dead when you release the spell,” the dragon said.  “Even with the conductor, you will need ten to twenty wizards assisting you in order to survive.”
“I will survive long enough to cast the spell,” the old man said.  “After that, I have no desire to remain alive.”
The dragon stared at the old man, not saying a word.  Soon, the first giant reached them.  The old man held up his hand, causing the giant to stop.  “Well, my lord, are you going to allow me to cast the spell or are you going to kill me?”
The dragon walked several hundred feet away before turning and settling on the ground, watching him.  The old man nodded, feeling both relief and disappointment.  He turned to the giants.  “Place the stones in the holes I make.” The giants nodded, waiting.
The old man began to use magic to dig holes in the ground, each large enough for one of the stones.  Once all of the holes were filled, forming two concentric circles, he took the remaining stones and laid them on the standing stones.
The giants left after he was done and the old man stood in the middle of the inner ring.  The dragon was still sitting where he had settled, watching.  
The old man took a deep breath.  This is it, he thought.  He threw out his hands, magic streaming into the stones.  They began to glow.  He put his hands down, the glow of the stones beginning to dim and held his breath. Is this not going to work?  A pulse then went through the stones as they began to draw on the magic within the conflux and they started to glow brighter than before.  He closed his eyes and began to pull the magic out of the stones.  As it filled him, he felt the power of the conflux surging as it tried to rush into him.  He reduced the power of the stream of magic from the stone.  Once he was comfortable with the flow of magic, he brought his hands up in front of him, the earth before him rising.  He then rotated his hands, palms facing each other, and a ball formed at the top of the mound of earth.  He stuck his hands into the ball and sent magic into the planet, feeling the shape of the land that formed the crust of the Earth, the water that covered its surface and all the different forms of life that relied on its resources.
 	As he withdrew his hands from the ball, portions of it began to rise, showing each of the world’s continents.  He opened his eyes, looking into the globe as water began to fill where the oceans, lakes, and rivers would be.  His hands hovered over the globe, allowing the magic to replicate every living thing on Earth on the surface of his model.
Once the model globe was complete, the old man began to wave his arms in opposite circles, pulling the globe in two different directions.  The sweat that was merely beads moments before began to stream down his face as the exertion of controlling the flow from the conflux and casting the spell began to take its toll.  He grimaced as the sweat stung his eyes but he dared not wipe it away lest he interrupt the spell, which could be disastrous.  After a time, the model began to expand and stretch.  As it pulled apart, new earth formed and prevented any tearing until he had two identical globes connected by a single point.  Magic streamed around each globe, covering them in a light fog.   Once each world was covered, he put a barrier between the fog of magic and the globe on his left.  Holding the barrier in place with one hand, he began to pull life forms off the left globe and put them on the right.  Once all the forms representing magical life were removed from the left model, he pushed his hand forward, expanding the barrier between the two globes.
The old man stood still, his hands still maintaining the barriers.  He took a deep breath and relaxed a little, preparing his body and mind for the next, most difficult step of his spell.  He needed all of the power of the conflux to cover the actual world with his barrier and he might burn up before he could complete it.  Whether he was successful or not, he would be dead.  With one last breath, he drew deeply on the magic from the stones; the glow intensified.  The glow continued to brighten as he drew more and more magic from the conflux into the stones and then into himself.  
He was burning.  The amount of magic he was now holding would soon destroy him.  Everything blurred as he drew more and more energy.  Unable to see but able to feel everything through magic, the old man threw his hands outwards and the magic burst from the confines of the stone and covered the world.
The dragon watched as the world shuddered from the barriers being thrown into place, successfully separating humans from the world of magic.  I can’t believe he did it, the dragon thought.  He had been sure the old man would die before he was able to finish the casting.  The dragon walked over to the destroyed structure.  A few of the stones were still standing and intact but most of them had disintegrated as the spell was released.  There was no sign of the old man or his body.  Releasing the magic had torn his body apart, spreading his essence throughout the barrier he had just created.
The dragon shook his head, not knowing the consequences of this action.  Maybe he should have just killed the old man but it had not felt right.  The one good thing about this was that he would be able to observe the growth of a technological race from almost the beginning.  It should make for some interesting research… if the spell lasted that long.  












Chapter One

Rebecca flung open the door, entering the soup kitchen.  "Sorry for being late,” she said to Dave, who ran the kitchen.  "It's been a hectic day."
"It's okay,”   Dave said, not looking up from his paperwork. "You're on the line today."
Rebecca took off her sunglasses, putting them and her purse in a locker.  She grabbed an apron and while putting it on, she made her way to the food line.  She touched Stacy’s shoulder. “I can take this side."
"Oh, thank goodness you're here,”  Stacy said.  "We're swamped."
A long line of homeless people snaked around the dining hall and out the door.  I hope we have enough food, Rebecca thought.  She scooped up a pile of mashed potatoes and put it on the tray of the man in front of her, smiling while looking him in the eye.  His face blanched and he looked away, moving quickly down the line.
Confused, Rebecca looked at Stacy, whose smile disappeared when their eyes met.  Stacy then whispered, “You forgot your contacts."
Rebecca felt the blood drain from her face as she spun around and fled to the mirror in the back.  Her reflection showed her eyes, red around the irises instead of white, narrow pupils shot with gold veins.  
She ran to her locker flinging it open.  "Where are they?"  She mumbled as she rummaged through her purse, then dumped its contents onto the floor.
"Rebecca, what are you doing?"  Dave said, coming up behind her. "We need you..."  His voice trailed off as she looked up at him.  “Jake!"  he yelled. "Get on the food line; Rebecca will wash."
"What! I was on the line yesterday."
"Just do it,”  Dave responded.  "We have a situation." 
"Fine, fine."
Rebecca slapped the floor. “My contacts are at home.  I'm so sorry, I never forget..."  
Dave touched her shoulder. "It's okay,”  he said.  "We all forget things sometimes.  Clean up your stuff and we'll have you wash the dishes."
Rebecca put everything back in her purse, stuffed it back into the locker, and walked to the dishwashing sink.  She grabbed the high-pressure sprayer and proceeded to spray food off the various dishes and set them into a large, pegged tray.  Once the tray was full, she slid it into the washer and pulled down the metal doors, which started the wash cycle.
How could I forget my contacts?  She moved her hand to her pocket and felt the necklace she had been studying before work.  She had planned to leave it at home but shoved it in her pocket as she hurried out the door.  If James hadn't complicated things, I wouldn't be so flustered.
"Did you really forget your contacts?"  a male voice said behind her.
Rebecca turned to look at James.  His smile grew wider at the sight of her eyes.  "You should toss out those contacts.  You look better this way."
Rebecca's hand balled into a fist. "I should......get back to work.” She spun away and grabbed the sprayer. "This is all your fault."
"My fault?"  James asked. "How is it my fault?"
"Don't you act innocent,” Rebecca said as she slammed dishes into the tray.  "You and your 'I want to change our relationship.'  You know I have no desire to become involved in a serious relationship right now.  I don't have time."
"Should I have just let it lie?"  James inquired. “We've always told each other what we were feeling.  Should I have kept holding it in, not telling you how I felt?"  He paused, waiting for her to reply.
Rebecca grabbed a large pan, the strong stream of water ringing against the metal.  Frustration raged in her but she didn't feel ready to answer his question.  
"Where's the necklace I gave you?"  James said when she stopped spraying the pan.
The weight in her pocket seemed to double.  "It's in a safe place,”   she said after a moment.
She gasped when she felt his hand brush the back of her neck.  "You’re not wearing it,” he said.  "Did you leave it at home?"
Rebecca ignored the question, reaching for another pan.  She jumped when he touched her on the hip.  She spun, pushing his hand away.
His grin took up his whole face. “It's in your pocket, isn't it?  You've been thinking about what I said."
Her face grew hot. "What else would I be thinking about?"
"Tell me what..."
"James, the garbage is starting to overflow,” Dave said, patting him.  "I know you two are best friends, but talking doesn't get the work done."
"I'll empty the trash cans right away,” James told Dave.  He looked back at Rebecca as he turned, giving her a 'we'll talk later' look.
Rebecca turned back to the dishes, her mind racing.  Why couldn't he be happy with the way things were?  Why did he want to complicate things?  They had been best friends since before high school and now she felt that if she didn't give into to his desires, she would lose him.
What scared her most, though, was that there was a growing part of her that wanted the change that James desired.
Rebecca didn't want to think about it anymore.  She concentrated on the pattern of her work: spraying the dishes, filling up the tray, putting it in the washer and pulling out of the washer.   She got into a rhythm and was surprised when there were no more dishes.  She looked out into the dining hall and saw that there were only a couple of people still eating and the other volunteers were cleaning up.
James came up beside her, setting down a large stack of serving pans. "Have you been thinking about what I said?"
"No,” Rebecca replied, grabbing one of the pans.
"Rebecca, you can't avoid this issue forever."
"But I can avoid it right now.” Rebecca looked out at the dirty dining hall. "We have to clean up."
"You know, I’m beginning to wonder if you even want to be friends anymore,” James said as he walked away.
Rebecca stared after him, mouth open.  Did he really just say that?  Guilt was quickly replaced with anger.  He's trying to manipulate me.  How dare he?  Rebecca slammed a rinsed pan into the tray.
"Easy on those,” Dave said as he walked past carrying a bag of food.  "They aren't cheap."
"Sorry,” Rebecca muttered, ashamed at her reaction.  James had completely unhinged her.  She took a deep breath, settling her nerves.  He's just following his emotions.  I can't do the same thing.
She got back to work, trying to find the rhythm she had before but she could not keep the thoughts away.
Why was this so important to James?  Why was he willing to ruin their friendship?  The more she thought about it, the more she realized that something else must be going on.  She thought back to his words and realized that he must have been hiding his feelings for some time.  What had changed?  What had happened that was so important that he wanted to change their relationship now?
The crew finished cleaning up the kitchen and dining hall.  Rebecca grabbed her purse and darted out the door, not wanting another confrontation with James.  She needed to think through her confusion before she faced him again.  She stopped at the door of her car, leaning on it as she let out a big sigh of relief.
After a moment, she opened her purse to retrieve her keys.  She yelled as someone grabbed her.  She spun about, her purse smacking James across the face.
He stumbled back, clutching his face.  Rebecca gasped, dropped her purse and rushed over to him.
"James, are you okay?  I'm so sorry."
He smiled. “I guess I deserved that, not letting you know I was behind you."
Rebecca started to shake her head but stopped.  "Yes, you did deserve that.  I'm still sorry."
"No problem.  Listen, I know you don't want to talk to me right now, but can I get a ride home?  I just missed the bus and I don't want to wait for the next one."
Rebecca stared at him for a moment. "Yeah, of course."
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Llyr meditated in the preparation room. In a few moments, he would begin his final test to attain the rank of Hunter.  The test consisted of hunting down a magic user and killing him.  This would take place in an arena prepared for him: Llyr had no idea how the arena would be laid out, if there were additional enemies, what race the magic user was, or how long the magic user would have to prepare defenses.  This trial was a test, not only of his tracking and combat abilities but also of his ability to react to unexpected situations.
He was not the only one being tested.  Out of the 15 initiates that began training with him, 8 had survived.  All 8 would be tested, each having a separate arena prepared for them.  The Masters in charge of the arenas had only one goal; to make sure those not worthy of the title of Hunter died.
A light knock at the door drew Llyr’s out of his meditation and he opened his eyes, looking at the Hunter’s wolf-head symbol mounted on the wall with a magic's user staff in its mouth. "Enter,” he said after a moment.
"Daire," he said in surprise. "What are you doing here?"
"What am I doing here?"  Daire repeated. "I haven't seen you in eleven years and that's the greeting I get?"
"I was expecting Father,” Llyr said.
"An emergency session of the Convocation was called,” Daire replied. "Attendance was mandatory."
"Of course it was,” Llyr said with a shake of his head.
Daire frowned. "I just came from the Convocation Dome.  Father asked me to give you his sincere regrets that he could not be here."
"Sincere regrets? Father has never had any 'sincere regrets' when it came to me."
Daire studied him. "You've managed to deceive Father, but you were never able to hide things from me.  Father has had nothing but praise for you since I left.  He said you changed, that you were honoring our traditions and adding status to the family.  It was all a lie, wasn't it?"
Llyr took a breath. "I did what was necessary to survive."
"Survive?"  Daire asked. "What did you have to survive?"
Llyr laughed, though he felt no humor. "I had to survive Father.  You never noticed the looks of disappointment he gave me.  He never did anything permanent to me because of you always stood up for me.  The day you left, I noticed Father watching me, a look of waiting in his eyes."
"Waiting for what?"  Daire said after a few moments of silence.
"For me to mess up,” Llyr explained. "For me to do something that he could turn me over to the Watchers for."
"Father would never do that,” Daire said.
"Who do you think turned Mother over to the Watchers?"  Llyr told him. "The day the Watchers took Mother, she told me to be more careful with the way I acted.  To hide my true nature.  The day you left, I realized what she meant and I was scared.  Since that day I have been a good son, a son Father could be proud of."
Daire chuckled. "No wonder the reports from your indoctrination teachers were less than perfect."
Llyr gave him a sharp look. "How do you know about that?"
"My position as assistant to Overwizard Aedan gives me access to such things.  Most of your teachers spoke very highly of you but the indoctrination teachers mentioned a lack of enthusiasm and commitment.  You were able to repeat all the necessary sayings but the conviction was never there."
"Those teachers were trained to spot such,” Llyr said. "Luckily, it never went beyond that." 
“Oh, you had the Watchers attention for a short time,” Daire said. “But you never gave them a reason to take action.  Lack of interest is common in the young but can lead to more dangerous paths.”
Llyr snorted. “As I said, I did what I had to.  So, what was this important meeting about that Father had to attend?”
“I don’t know,” Daire said. “Like you, I only know what they choose to tell me.”
“Given your position, you find out a lot more than me.”
Daire nodded. “True, but I am as much in the dark this time as you are.  In fact, if it weren’t for the fact that one of your family had to be here, I doubt I would even know the meeting was taking place.”
Llyr shook his head. “Does it ever seem to you that we will drown in our secrets?”
Daire frowned. “What do you mean?”
“Answer one question for me,” Llyr said, looking up at an area of the wall where a window had been filled in. “My training has been off-world for the last two years.  Since I’ve been back, every window I’ve seen has been blocked.  Since they dragged me back home a couple of days ago, every walkway is enclosed and all travel is in enclosed vehicles.  We live on a beautiful world, Daire.  Why can’t I see it?”
A quick knock came at the door before Daire could answer. Two older men entered the room.  “The time has come, Initiate Llyr.  Remove your shirt and kneel before us.”
Llyr kept his gaze on his brother for a few seconds before he removed his shirt, placing on the floor next to his weapons.  He then knelt before the two older Aldri.
“Initiate Llyr, you claim to be of the family Loegaire,” one of the men stated.
“I do,” Llyr said.
“Is there any here who stands as a witness to this claim?”
“I, Wizard Daire Loegaire, witness that Initiate Llyr is of the family Loegaire.”
“Wizard Loegaire, remove your robe that we may verify your witness.”
Daire removed his robe, kneeling next to his brother.  The other man walked behind them, studying their lines of ancestry.  Small red marks, each separated by two finger widths, ran in two parallel lines from the top of the head to the bottom of the heel.  The hair that grew out of the marks was red instead of black.  The shape of the marks was inherited from their parents, one line from the mother and one from the father.
“Highest, the lines of ancestry are similar.  Initiate Llyr is of the family Loegaire.”
“Rise, Initiate,” said the Highest. “You are a true son of a noble family.  Today you will rise to join the ranks of the Hunters or die trying.  Don your armor and take up your weapons, for now is the time of your trial.”
Llyr put his shirt back on, along with a light shirt of strong chain mail.  He then put on a leather vest to muffle the sound of the armor.  He strapped on his sword belt, his sword hanging on his left hip, then secured the leather straps that held his throwing knives on his thighs.
“I am prepared to face the trial, Highest,” Llyr stated.
The Highest opened the door and led the way out.  Llyr followed him, with the Chronicler behind him.  
The long hall leading to the arena was dim, faint lights set twenty feet apart.  As in the meditation room, every window was now part of the solid wall.  Llyr’s instructors had called this the Walk of Thought.  They had encouraged the initiates to clear their minds and focus, using the time to prepare the mind for battle.
The conversation with Daire made such silent thought impossible.  There were so many questions he had but could not ask because of the time constraint.  When had Daire become an assistant to an Overwizard?  When had he gotten back?  Would he have answered the question Llyr had asked?
Llyr felt bad about the way he talked to his brother about their father.  Father had made it to a few of the Hunter trials since he had begun his training and had seemed truly proud of Llyr’s accomplishments. That is where Llyr had a problem.  
His Father’s pride in his accomplishments never seemed to extend to him. His Father would give quick praise followed by an extended lecture on how he could have done better, always for the glory of family Loegaire.  Nothing was about Llyr, only about the family.  Some, like Daire, would say that was the way Father showed his love but Llyr knew that wasn’t true.  If Llyr had not shown the ability to track magic, he never would have been admitted to the Hunter Conclave. He would have taken a path into some lesser field that would not have brought prestige to the Family.  Father was proud of the prestige that Llyr was giving the Family, not that it was Llyr who earned it.  Llyr supposed this was why he would always have a problem with his Father.
The Highest stopped in front of a door with the Hunter symbol carved into it.  Llyr realized that they had reached the end of the corridor and tried to focus on the trial ahead.
“Beyond this door, Initiate, is your trial,” the Highest explained. “In here you will find a magic user, who has been preparing for your arrival.  Use your abilities to hunt him and kill him.  Should you succeed, you will join the ranks of the Hunters and be sent to servant worlds to protect the Aldri from magical threats.  Should you fail, your body will be returned to your family.  Do you understand?”
“Yes, Highest,” Llyr said.
“You are allowed one question,” the Highest said.
Llyr thought for a short moment and then asked. “What race is the magic user?”
“Orc,” the Highest stated.  He then tapped on the door and it swung open.  “Enter, Initiate.”
Llyr took a deep breath and entered the arena.







CHAPTER Two

Rebecca did not say anything as she started the car and pulled out of the parking lot.  In fact, she wasn’t going to say anything at all if she could help it.  Considering how forward James had been at the soup kitchen, she didn’t think he would allow a silent drive home.
“We need to talk,” James said almost as soon as they pulled out of the parking lot.
“I don’t want to talk.”
“Fine; then listen.” James sighed and looked out the window for a moment before continuing. “I’m planning on joining the Army.”
“What?!”  Rebecca yelped, her head jerking as she wanted to stare at James but knew she had to keep her eyes on the road. “Why?...When?”
“After graduation at the end of the school year,” James said. “As for why; because I will receive valuable training and experience, plus it will pay for school.”
“Are those the only reasons?”
James shook his head. “No, I feel I can do some good there.”
 “How can you say that?  How is being a slave to a politician’s agenda going to help you do good?”
James chuckled. “Politician’s agendas dictate most of what goes on in our government.  Even though the Army goes where it is pointed, it doesn’t mean it can’t do good things where it’s at.  Many soldiers have done good, helping people.  The Army needs more good people, people who will try to make a difference where they are.  I feel I can do the most good in the Army.”
Rebecca braked at a red light. “Is this what brought on the ‘taking our relationship to a higher level’?”
“I would be lying if I said it didn’t contribute.  I care for you, Rebecca, and I want to be more for you than I am.  I know what your goals are and realize it will hard but you’re worth the effort.”
The light turned green and Rebecca switched her foot to the gas. “If you know what my goals are, then why are you putting me in this situation?”
“Because being friends isn’t enough for me anymore.”
“I don’t want to be involved in a romantic relationship until I’m done with school.  They’re too distracting.”
James sighed. “I’m not asking you to put your life on hold for me.  I love how committed you are to your goals and putting that aside would be like turning a part of yourself off.  I would not ask that of you.”
“Look, after graduation, I will enlist and be sent to who knows where,” James continued.  “You will go to college.  There, boys will pursue you, possibly quite aggressively.  This way, you can tell those annoyances that you have a boyfriend; that will put off most boys.  After I get out of the Army, I’ll have a way to pay for my schooling.  If we decide to continue our relationship at that time, I won’t be expecting you to support me.”
Rebecca glanced over at him. “You’ve certainly put a lot of thought into this, haven’t you?”
James smiled. “You know me; I like to have things planned out.  So, what do you think?”
“I don’t know, James.  It’s our senior year; there are so many things that I plan to do, to improve my chances of getting into a top school.”
 “Okay, how about you meet me halfway?”
“Halfway?  How?”
“Go on a date with me.”
“A date?”
“Yes, a date.  You know, me and you, alone, discussing feelings that we have been hiding.”
Rebecca’s lips thinned. “Just one date?”
“One date and then we’ll decide where to go from there.  Deal?”
Rebecca didn’t answer, keeping her eyes on the road.  They were coming up to a red light and she started to ease on the brake.  The light turned green and she hit the gas. “Okay, I’ll meet you…”
There was the sound of a horn and the car was suddenly spinning, only to stop at the sound of a crunch.  Rebecca was shaken up, her head spinning.
What happened?  Her eyes couldn’t seem to focus and she lifted her right hand to her head.  At least she tried.  My arm is stuck; what is going on?
Her vision came into focus and she could see the white cloth in front of her.  The airbag.  We must have gotten hit.
She lifted her left arm and pushed the airbag away. “James, are you alright?”
When no response came, she looked over to where he was sitting.  He was tilted toward her, his eyes open but glazed.  There was glass everywhere and a large gash on his head, spilling blood.
“Rebecca,” he said in a drowsy voice. “will you go on a date with me?”  His eyes started to flutter shut.
“James!”  Rebecca struggled but the steering wheel had her trapped. “Don’t fall asleep, James.  Don’t you dare fall asleep.” She reached across her body with her left arm but could barely touch him with her fingertip.
“I’m…sorry.” James’ head slumped.
“James!  James!”  Rebecca struggled more, trying to wiggle free so she could reach him.  Tears began to leak from her eyes and she began to push the steering wheel with her free arm.
A sudden warmth swept through her into her arm and the wheel started to move, the metal and plastic cracking and groaning in protest, freeing her legs and other arm.  She didn’t begin to wonder why the wheel moved but twisted, taking James’ face in her hands.
“James, wake up.  You know that you can’t fall asleep when you have a concussion.  Wake up!”  She shook him but he didn’t respond.  She then slapped him to try and get a reaction but he just sat there, his head a dead weight.
“Hello, is anyone alive in there?”  a voice called from outside.
“Help!”  Rebecca screamed. “Help!  My friend is hurt!”
She put her head against his, the tears now flowing. “James, please wake up.  You can’t die.  You can’t leave me like this.”
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Llyr stopped as the door shut behind him.  He was in a small hallway, wide enough for only one person to walk down.  At the end of the hall, there was a shimmering field.  Once he walked through that field, he would not be able to leave the arena until the Orc magic user was dead.
Llyr thought back to his studies, prepping his weapons as he thought.  Orc magic users are mostly shamans and holy men.  He adjusted the angle of the throwing knives on his legs to give a quicker throw.  Magic users of this type rely on magic that changes the environment around them, using plants and earth to create traps and minions.  He loosened his sword in its scabbard.  Shamans are also adept at creating totems that increase the strength or speed of allies or decrease opponents abilities.  All of his armor was well secured.  He pulled on a mask that was connected to his leather vest, leaving only his eyes visible.  Orc holy men tend to focus their magic on healing and minion creation.  He started toward the barrier, knowing that waiting too long would cause the arena Masters to force him through.  It is rare to find an Orc fully trained in wizarding magic, but most Orc magic users have training in minor wizarding spells.  It took a small amount of effort to push his way through the shimmering field, which solidified as soon as he was through.  Above all, remember that Orc magic users are always accompanied by an entourage of bodyguards and apprentices.
Llyr scanned the room he had entered.  It was round with two entrances across from each other.  He focused inside himself and his vision changed, becoming sharper.  A sparkling trail of magic ran from one entrance to the other.  Someone with enchantments on them had passed through here.
The walls were made of hedges, carefully pruned and shaped.  The hedges stood about fifteen feet in height, though it appeared that the top had been cut flat.  About ten feet above the hedges was a dark ceiling that glistened with magic.  On the other side, the Master Hunters would be observing his progress.  
He glanced back at where he had entered the room and found a solid hedge, though the area where he had come from glistened like the ceiling.  With the innate ability to see magic and magical trails, Llyr could tell what type of magic was being used.  The glistening indicated a magic camouflage.  The Hunters only allowed Aldri who were born with his ability to enter their ranks.  It was necessary for the mission of the Hunters; to hunt down and eliminate enemy magic users.
     Llyr looked through both of the entrances and found that the trail led straight through both of the adjoining rooms.  Though he could see the magic trail, there was almost no decay of the magic, which may have given him an idea of the way the magic user was walking.  Either way was as good as the other, so he followed the trail to the right.
The next several rooms were exactly the same as the first.  Llyr studied each room for a few seconds before entering, crossing each quickly, making no noise.  He came to a room that was rectangular, with two exits at the far end of the room in the corners.  The magical trail did not go straight to an exit this time.  The magic user had crisscrossed the room, spending time at each wall.  As he studied the room, there were four patches that glistened in the walls; one on the left and right walls, two on the far wall.  He could not see the wall on his side of the room without entering the room, but he was sure he would find one or two more glistening spots.
The area in front of each spot had a curious absence of sticks or leaves on the ground.  Someone had swept those areas, wanting to hide some activity but making it obvious instead.  
Llyr took two of his throwing knives in hand and stepped into the room, throwing one at each of the glistening sections on the right and left walls.  He quickly reached down to grab two more of the knives, sending them streaking across the room at the two sections on the far wall.  He grabbed the last two knives as two orcs stepped out of the walls next to him.  Knives caught each in the throat.  Llyr crouched, hand on his sword, ready to fight any additional orcs.  When none appeared, he crept to the closest corpse, retrieving one of his prized knives.  They had been enchanted to streak faster than an arrow to their target as soon as they left his hand.  This increased not only penetration power but also how far he could accurately throw them.  Being able to purchase the enchantment on the knives was one of the few times he was glad to be in a noble family, wealthy and well connected.
As he collected the last of the knives at the far end of the room, a crack above him set him into motion.  He rolled, coming to his feet, his sword arcing from its sheath, his curved, single blade meeting the Orc’s straight, double-blade.
Llyr swung his sword in a tight circle, forcing the orc’s blade into the hedge.  He sliced upward, across the orc’s neck.  The orc stumbled forward, falling to the ground with its hand at its throat.
Llyr cleaned off his blade and replaced it in its sheath.  He looked up at the top of the hedge, considering his options.  If the orc he just killed had been armed with a bow or crossbow, he would be dead right now.  The Keepers designed this place to play off of my weaknesses.  He thought back to his training.  Hunter instructors took each student aside every five days to inform them of what they needed to improve.  After you were told, they would test you at random to see if you had been working on the problem.  The one thing that Llyr had been warned about over and over was his tendency to rush into a fight without first observing everything.  While Llyr had studied the room before he had entered, he had not checked the top of the hedges.  He had seen the obvious signs of an ambush and ran into the fight, as he always did; and it had almost gotten him killed.  Only luck had saved him.  Llyr studied the orcs more and found that one of the orcs had a bow.
Llyr once again looked at the top of the hedge then moved over to the bow-wielding orc and took its weapon, along with a quiver of arrows.  They were of average make, nothing he would have picked, given a choice.  Considering he only had six knives, he needed more options to strike his target from a distance.
After retrieving the bow, he climbed up the hedge, keeping low along the top.  He studied the layout of the maze and found it to be much larger than he expected.  The hedges formed circular layers, starting small at the center of the maze and getting larger as it expanded outward.  There were breaks in the circles to allow passage between the circular layers.   At points, the circles were connected, blocking the pathways and creating dead ends.  The hedges of the innermost circle glowed with magic, as did an area at the center of the maze.  He noticed more shapes moving on the tops of the hedges.  If he had rushed in, he would have died.  Who knew what kind of traps had been set?   While stealth was not his strongest ability, neither was it his weakest.  He moved along the top of the hedge, keeping an eye on the magical trail as he crept along.  
As he moved toward the center of the maze, Llyr began to appreciate the wisdom of his decision to rely on stealth rather than his battle skills.  There were many orcs wandering about the maze and concealed in several places.  Along with the orcs, there were many magical traps placed at the entrances and exits of each room.  His ability to see magic allowed him to see where these traps were, though he didn’t know what the traps would do.
Llyr could see that the center of the maze was a large, circular opening.  Four breaks in the hedges allowed access to the center and many orcs were moving around inside, with a single orc stationed on each of the surrounding hedges.  The hedges around the center glowed with magic, though nothing seemed to be happening to the orcs on top of them.  As he sneaked forward, he could see a figure sitting in the middle of the room, magical energy flowing up from the floor.  The magic was slightly different from what he had encountered so far but he wasn’t close enough to see why.  
Moving at a snail’s pace, Llyr inched his way toward his target, wondering what type of magical protection the magic user had erected.  He stopped as the orc on top of the hedge nearest him moved into the area directly in front of him.  The orc stopped and scanned the passageway that ran from the center around the curving hedge.  Llyr didn’t move the whole time, tensing as the orc’s gaze swept over him.  
As the orc turned to walk down the hedge, Llyr took an arrow from his quiver and threw it in front of him.  The orc turned at the thunk of the arrow hitting the hedge and, pulling his arrow tighter on his bow, walked toward the sound.  As he moved off the enchanted part of the hedge, Llyr could see that the orcs boots were enchanted as well.  As the orc got closer to the arrow sticking out of the hedge, Llyr shifted, sliding one of his knives from its sheath.  When the orc crouched to look closer at the arrow, Llyr’s arm whipped forward, sending the knife into the orc’s head.  The orc balanced for a moment before falling forward onto the hedge.  Llyr sprang ahead, grabbing the orc to keep it from falling into the hedge.
“Thrug, what are you doing?”  a call came from the middle.
“I tripped,” Llyr responded in a deeper, guttural orc voice.
“Don’t move too far away,” the orc said. “And be quiet.”
Llyr didn’t answer, which seemed to suit the orc.  He studied the orcs in the room and those on top of the hedges.  Only the orcs on the hedges wore enchanted boots, and he could see that those orcs were moving very carefully.
He removed the enchanted boots from the corpse and put them on his feet.  They did not fit well, being a little too big, but he suspected that they might allow him to get closer without setting off whatever magic was in the hedges.  He removed the orc’s cloak as well, settling it around his shoulders and pulling up the hood.  The orc was also wearing a bracelet that glowed with magic.  He took that as well, slipping it onto his wrist.  He was not sure how well this disguise would work but he needed a closer look at the magic in the room.  He stood up, walking slowly, not only to imitate the other orcs on the hedges but also to make sure he didn’t pull his foot out of the orcish boots.
Llyr stepped onto the enchanted hedge and nothing happened.  Now that he was closer, he could see that runes had been scratched into the floor of the room.  The runes created some kind of barrier, though the orcs moved through it easily.  He wondered what the runes were but had no way to find out.  Each of the orcs was wearing a bracelet similar to the one he took off the dead orc.
He studied the magic user closer, concluding that it was a shaman.  The shaman carried a staff, fetishes hanging from the tip.  He was dressed in a dark robe that was covered in runes, though none seemed to be magical.  He sat in the middle of the runes on the floor, eyes closed.
After a moment, the shaman opened his eyes. “Are there any more reports of the Aldri’s movements?”
One of the orcs turned around. “None.  He has not killed any additional orcs since the last report.”
“Maybe he is dead and we just don’t know it yet,” the shaman replied.
The orc snorted. “We would be dead if that was the case.  You know they’ll kill us no matter what happens.  Being here is a death sentence.  All I want is a little payback before they slit my throat.”
The shaman stood up, looking the orc in the eye. “I need you here.”
“Why?”  the orc shot back. “Standing here and waiting gives him the advantage.  We must react to his actions.  If we hunt him, he will have to react to ours.  He has come into our domain.  If we pursue him, he might make a mistake or stumble into one of the traps.”
“You would leave me exposed?”
“Ha! There is no way he is getting past those hedges.  They’ll rip him apart as soon as he gets near them.  And if he does get past them, there is no way he‘ll get to you as long as you stay in your ring.”
The shaman stood, staring at the orc.  Llyr was once again glad that he had taken the time to learn the languages of the lesser races.  Many had told him that he was wasting his time but now he was proven right.  
“No defense is ever undefeatable,” the shaman said after a while.
“Then keep the archers,” the orc responded. “Let me and these others hunt this Aldri.  We will drive him before us and then we will feast on his flesh before we are killed.”
After a moment, the shaman nodded.  The orcs around him cheered and ran down corridors.  “Archers, join me,” the shaman said, raising his voice.  Llyr moved to the edge of the hedge and very carefully jumped down, falling to his knees as he hit the floor.  He didn’t want the boots to slip when he landed.
Llyr stood up, moving slow.  Here on the ground, his size and stature would be obvious and it wouldn’t take the shaman long to realize he was not an orc.  The other three archers had already reached the shaman, their backs to him, facing down the corridors.  Llyr slipped the bow into his left hand, placing his right hand on his sword. 
The shaman stood, his eyes far away as Llyr stepped into the enchanted area.  The magic around him shimmered and the bracelet he had taken gave him a little shock.  The shaman looked up and his eyes widened as he looked into Llyr’s hood.  Llyr’s sword sang as it exited the sheath, decapitating the shaman.  Llyr dropped the bow and brought his left hand up to his sword, stepping closer to one of the archers, slicing hard into it.  He twisted as the archer fell dead, thrusting his sword into another orc’s back before it even started to turn.  He pulled his sword out as he turned, his sword meeting the remaining orc’s short blade.  He pushed his opponent’s sword away and to the side, causing the orc’s arm to fly out wide.  The orc stabbed in from the wide position.  Llyr deflected the blow and cut down, severing the orc’s leg.  The orc fell, screaming.
 Llyr killed it and turned, running into the corridor he had come from and kicked off the orcish boots as soon as he was past the enchanted hedges.  He climbed up the hedge, putting on his own boots before bolting across the top of the hedge.  As he jumped over the open area to another hedge, he heard yelling behind him.  He kept moving, not wanting to allow the orcs any time to catch up.
He increased his pace, jumping from hedge to hedge.  Few orcs were on top of the hedge anymore and those were too far away to get a good shot at him with their bows.  In a quarter of the time it took him to get to the center, he was at the outer edge of the maze.  He jumped down onto the floor, looking either way.  The orcs were making such noise that he couldn’t tell which way they were coming from, but it didn’t matter because Llyr had no idea how he was supposed to get out.
They had instructed him that he needed to kill the magic user but said nothing about the rest.  If they wanted him to kill all the orcs, then he had gone about it the wrong way.  Llyr began trotting down the lane.  An area of the outside layer began to glow and he rolled away, whipping a knife into it.  As he settled into a defensive posture, another knife ready to throw, he heard a loud, hollow thunk, as if his knife had hit a wooden door.  The sounds of orcs were growing stronger down the hall and Llyr ran into the hedge, hoping that it wasn’t a trap.  Luck was with him, as it was a corridor like the one he entered the maze through.  The door at the end, with his knife in the middle, opened; the Highest beckoned to him.  Llyr rushed to the door, grabbing his knife as he went through.






CHAPTER Three


Rebecca sat in the viewing room of the funeral hall, staring at the casket that held James.  She sniffed, trying to hold the tears that always seemed to be in her eyes since the accident.  She felt a hand on her shoulder but did not look up at her Dad.
“Honey, we need to move into the main hall.   They are about to move the casket so the funeral services can begin.”
Rebecca stood up, waiting until the ushers had moved the casket past her before walking toward the door.  She stopped at the door, looking at James’ mom.
“Rebecca, dear, you don’t have to say anything if you don’t feel up to it,” James’ mom said. “Nobody will blame you if you let us do all the talking.”
“No, I want to,” Rebecca muttered. “He would want me to.”
“Okay.”
Rebecca allowed her parents to lead her to a seat near the front of the main hall.  She stared at the coffin that held James.  As other people began to come in and take their seats, her mind drifted back to the wreck.  So much of it was a blur.  She could hardly recall the faces of the people who helped her out of her car.  The EMTs checked her for injuries and found none.  What stood out to her was when the emergency workers pulled James out of the wreck.  By the time they had extracted him from the car, he had died.  They had laid him on the ground and tried to revive him.  They had used a defibrillator to try and jump-start his heart, but it was not to be.  Rebecca could remember a jolt running through her body each time they shocked him but finally the EMTs shook their heads and put their equipment away.
The only other thing that stood out from that horrible scene were the questions the police officer had asked when he took her statement.
“Now, Ms. Bray, you are sure that you pushed the steering wheel and it moved away?” 
“Yes, that’s what happened.”
“So, the steering column had been bent and it just moved away?”
“I guess.  Why are you so worried about this?”  Rebecca asked, a little confused.
“Ms. Bray, I’m trying to figure out how the steering column was bent.  The angle of the bend does not match the angle of the collision.  From what you have told me, you bent the steering column.  Forgive my doubt but that is a metal shaft and I doubt you have the strength to accomplish such a feat.  I’m just trying to find out if I missed a point that may answer that riddle.”
Rebecca had no answers besides what she had told the officer and he stopped asking after a few more questions.  She looked at the car after the officer had finished and saw what the officer was talking about.  She was so shocked that she had bent the steering column.  How had she done it? 
She was jarred out of her memories as someone started addressing the audience in the funeral hall.  She tried to pay attention but her eyes kept wandering back to the coffin and her mind would stray back into itself.  She stared, not hearing as different people got up to talk about James.  It was as if she was set apart from the world, in it but not a part of it.  The only thing she seemed to be able to focus on was the coffin.  Rebecca…She heard vaguely, Rebecca…She became aware of something touching her arm.
“Rebecca,” her mom said, snapping her out of the trace. “Are you sure you’re ok to do this?”
Rebecca blinked, staring at her mom.  Do what? She was about to ask but then noticed that nobody was up front speaking and everyone was looking at her.  She blushed as she realized it was her turn to speak and everyone had been waiting for her to stop zoning out.  
She nodded. “I’m fine,” She stood up and walked to the podium, looking out at everyone who had gathered to mourn James’ passing; his parents and siblings, others that had a similar familial look, friends, teachers, and co-workers.  They had all come to honor their memories of James.
“Hmmm…”  Rebecca said, feeling a little overwhelmed. “This is a place I never expected to be.  James was my best friend and now he’s gone.  I can honestly say that James brought out the best in me.  You could say that he brought me out.  He wouldn’t let me sit at home and study or read my life away.  The only reason I know and am friends, with many of you is because of him.  He always saw the best in people and wanted to bring it to the surface.  Because of him, I know the great joy of helping people.  He always was helping someone.  If not for him, I wouldn’t know what I wanted in life,” Her vision started to get blurry as tears formed in her eyes.  She scrubbed them away. “I’m sorry.  He helped me to see the world in a different way and as I think of his absence in my life,” the tears began to flow faster than she could rub them away. “I find myself in a pit…” the last word came out as a sob that she could no longer hold back.  
Her mother rushed up to the podium, putting her arm around Rebecca.  Rebecca turned her head into her mother, sobbing as she had done as a little girl.  Her mother led her back to her seat, making soothing noises as she stroked Rebecca’s hair.  
Rebecca continued to cry as the tears that she had worked so hard to hold in came streaming out.  She was embarrassed that she had broken down in front of everyone but she could no longer control it.  She turned her head slightly so that the coffin was in her sight.  Even as she cried about James’ death, she felt a surge of anger that he had left her and put her in this situation.  She knew, rationally, that it was ridiculous to feel that way, as it was an accident that killed him but she could not make the feeling go away.  After a couple of minutes, she was able to calm down a little.  James’ brother was speaking now but the shame of what had happened hit her full force.  She got up and rushed through a side door and into the bathroom in the hall, locking the door behind her.
She stood, still crying, holding onto the door handle as if it would hold her up, which it probably was.  After a few moments, the door jiggled and then a knock, followed by her mother’s voice. “Rebecca, are you okay in there?”
“I’m…” her voice was very shaky.  She took a deep breath to help settle her nerves. “I just need a minute to compose myself.”
“I understand,” her mom replied. “I’ll be right out here if you need me.”
“Okay.” Rebecca pushed herself off the door and moved to the sink, looking into the mirror.  Her tears had pooled behind her contacts and she removed them to see better.  She looked horrible, with mascara running down her face, the area of red running through her eyes thicker than usual, almost drowning out the golden lines.  The slits had closed almost shut, showing only a flicker of the pupil, though it did not affect her vision much.  She turned on the water and began to wash her face, hoping to somehow salvage something in this disaster. 
The fogged glass window creaked as it opened.  Rebecca looked over, swearing that it had been latched.  She shook her head, believing she had just been mistaken.  Then she heard one of the toilet bowl lids shut.  She turned off the water and walked to the stall where the noise came from.
“Hello?  Who’s in there?”  Rebecca looked under the door when no one answered.  The latch was undone and she pushed open the stall door.
Confused by how the seat fell, she called out again. “Is there anyone in here?”  she glanced up and jerked her head back.  There was a little man, maybe two feet tall, standing on top of the stall wall.  He had a dark, leathery cloak wrapped around him and was looking at her, his eyes glowing red.  She screamed and ran to the door, unlocking it and throwing it open.
Her mother’s eyes widened as Rebecca ran to her, hiding behind her as she looked into the bathroom.  “Rebecca, what is the matter?”
“There is something in there!”
“Something?  What something?”
“A…a…little man, with glowing eyes.”
“Hmmm…” her mother said, a very concerned look in her eyes. “Let’s…go and see it then,” she walked into the bathroom, Rebecca staying close behind her. 
The bathroom was empty and the window shut, the latch in place.
“Where did you see this little man, dear?”
Rebecca didn’t answer, her eyes wide as she looked at the window, How did he latch it from the outside?
“Rebecca, we are going home,” her mother told her, putting her arm around Rebecca to steer her out.
“Home?  Why?”
“Because, dear, the stress has obviously gotten to you. You’re starting to see things.  You need rest and time away from the situation.”
“But, but…”
“No buts, dear.  We are going home.”
Rebecca could not argue that what she had seen couldn’t exist and that she had been under a great deal of stress.  The little man was most likely the product of an overburdened mind but a part of her insisted that it had all been real.
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Antidote, listening stone, healing salve…Llyr ticked off the list of things as he loaded them into his small pack.  The week at home had been hard but studying and preparing for his assignment on Matagra had been a welcome distraction.
“So eager to leave, are you?”  his father said from the doorway of his room.
Llyr glanced at his father and then closed his pack, slinging it onto his back. “Yes.”
“You haven’t enjoyed your week at home?”
Llyr belted on his sword and daggers. “It has been….a good experience.”
“I did not ask if it was a good experience, I asked if you enjoyed it.”
Llyr looked his father in the eyes. “At times.”
“Like last night?”  his father asked, a small smile coming to his face.
Llyr thought for a moment. “Yes, last night was enjoyable.”
“How long have you known the Archwizard’s daughter?”
“I’ve known Brigid since she was my Advance Combat instructor, several years ago.”
“Ah,” his father said, nodding. “She spoke very highly of you when I spoke to her earlier in the evening.”
“You spoke with her?”
“Right before she came and talked to you.”
Llyr put down his bag and studied his father.  He hadn’t noticed it before, but his father seemed more smug than usual, which was never a good sign.  “What have you done, Father?  You seem very…pleased with yourself.”
His father’s smile grew. “Done?  I have only done my duty according to our traditions.”
“Which duty would that be?  There are so many traditions that I have a hard time keeping track of all of them,” Llyr said, a suspicion growing in his mind.
“Son, while there are many reasons for the week at home before you leave on your first assignment, there is one reason that supersedes them all.  Do you know which reason that this?”
Llyr said nothing, staring hard at his father.  His father’s smile grew even wider over the quiet moment.  “Come now, Llyr, tell me the reason.  You are not stupid.”
Llyr rested his hands on his belt, tightening his grip to keep his hands in place. “For you to choose my spouse.”
“Yes; and you have not made it easy.”
“I do not want you to choose my wife.”
“It is my responsibility and it has been done.”
Llyr’s knuckles went white as his grip tightened. “You…engaged me to Brigid, didn’t you?”
There was no hiding the pleasure in his father’s face. “How could I not?  You and Brigid share much in common, including a disdain for our traditions.  While this usually would have held me in check, the alliance your joining will bring was too good an opportunity to pass up.”
Llyr picked up his bag and slung it onto his back. “You care nothing for me or my feelings, only for how I will bring you power.” He moved to exit the room but his father would not move.
“Our personal feelings have no place here, Llyr.  With your marriage cementing an alliance with the Archwizard’s house and Daire as an assistant to one of the Overwizards, I may be able to obtain a seat on the inner council.  This will have far-reaching benefits for our house and for you personally in the future.  You will thank me for this.”
“I doubt that, Father.”
 “I thought you two were on better terms,” Daire said, coming beside them. “I feel like I’m walking into the past, me standing by, watching you two argue.”
“What are you doing here?”  His father said. “Don’t you have duties?”
“I am fulfilling my duties, Father,” Daire responded. “Overwizard Aedan sent me to retrieve Llyr.”
“Have my orders changed?”  Llyr asked.
“Yes,” Daire said.
“Why didn’t you send a courier?”  Father inquired.
“There are sensitive instructions that Llyr must be told that could not have been relayed by courier.” 
Llyr’s Father stepped out of the doorway. “How have his orders changed?”
“He is to participate in a mission to the human world.”
“Is this about what was discussed at the emergency meeting?”
Daire nodded.
His father grabbed Daire’s arm. “Do not send him to the human world until I have a chance to give him something.  I will meet you in the portal room.” He ran down the hall.
Llyr stared after him, amazed and a little confused. “What’s a human?”
“You’ll find out soon enough.” 






CHAPTER Four


Rebecca stared out of her bedroom window, trying to hold back the tears that threatened to come.  She tightened her lips, swearing not to cry again.  She never cried like this.  She had more control over herself; she didn’t let things affect her.  
Thoughts of James floated to her mind and a tear slid down her cheek, mocking her self-control.  It had been two days since his funeral and she had yet to find closure.  Weren’t funerals supposed to give closure?
She turned from the window, scrubbing at her eyes.  Why was James’ death affecting her so much?  It’s not like they had been involved, whatever he wished.  She went to her chest of drawers, grabbing a tissue to blow her nose.  She looked into the mirror, not surprised at how horrible she looked.  She did not cry well.  She glanced down, her eyes locking onto the necklace he gave her.
Her sight blurred as more tears came to the surface.  She grabbed another tissue and wiped them away.  Why can’t she stop?
“Rebecca?”  Her mom said from outside her door, knocking. “Honey, let me in.  You need to talk; you can’t isolate yourself.”
“I’m alright, Mom,” Rebecca said. “I just need a little time.”
“You are not all right,” her mom responded. “You’ve been in your room since the funeral.  Please, let me help you.”
Rebecca sighed; they had done this dance many times in the last few days, Doesn’t she understand I need to work this out on my own?
“Dear, you’re only making this harder by trying to deal with James’ death on your own.  You need to talk, to let things out or they’ll tear you up.”
The only way that you’re to get some peace is if you let her in.  Rebecca told herself, I suppose I’d better get it over with.   Rebecca opened the door.
“Oh, dear, you’ve been crying a lot, haven’t you?”  Her mom said, touching Rebecca’s face.
Rebecca turned away, sitting on her bed. “No…not really.”
Her mom gave her a knowing look. “You have always been so independent, not wanting help with things, wanting to fix all of your own problems.  You never did understand that things are better when you include others.”
Rebecca drew her knees up to her chest, wrapping her arms around her legs. “I do things better if no one is in the way.”
Her mom smiled. “Rebecca, it’s okay to mourn the loss of those we love.”
“Love!  I didn’t love him.”
“Of course you did.  That’s why you are so torn up inside; he left you.”
“No, no, it was an accident.  He didn’t leave me.”
“But that’s what it feels like, doesn’t it?  In here,”  her mom leaned over, pointing to Rebecca’s heart. “He was starting to show how much he loved you and then he died.”
Rebecca shook her head, but the tears began to slide from her eyes.  She opened her mouth to deny what her mother was implying. “Why did he have to die?  I told him to stay awake but he wouldn’t.  He wouldn’t.”
Her mother scooted closer to Rebecca and wrapped her arms around her daughter.  Within her mother’s arms, Rebecca let go, sobbing uncontrollably.
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
“Your target is the girl in the window.  Find and kill her.”
Llyr studied the girl through the scrying pool, a device that allowed them to see faraway places using magic.  The girl’s red hair fell below her shoulders and there were dark circles under her eyes, which look like they belonged on a dragon.  Do all humans have eyes like that and have a full head of red hair? I wonder how old she is?
“It does not matter how old she is,”  a voice answered behind him. “All you need to do is kill her.”
Llyr turned to face the speaker. “Forgive the question, Overwizard.  It was not meant to be spoken.”
The Overwizard came next to Llyr, looking into the scrying pool. “They were not spoken.  Guard well your thoughts, Hunter, there are beings that will pluck them right from your mind.”
“Of course, Overwizard,” Llyr responded.
The Overwizard waved his hand over the pool and the girl in the window grew smaller, the image now showing the building that she was in.  The image moved until it showed another building alongside the first, an alley in between them.
“You will enter the human world through a portal placed in this alley,”  The Overwizard explained. “Enter the building and find the door with these symbols,”  The Overwizard drew a 2 and a B in the air in front of him with fire. “Kill the girl and only the girl.  I will cast a spell on the building that will ensure she will be there when you arrive.”  The Overwizard waved his hand, dismissing Llyr.
Daire touched Llyr’s elbow; they bowed and walked toward the door.  Llyr glanced at all the wondrous things in the room as he made his way to the door.   The Overwizard had acquired a large number of magical artifacts during his lifetime.  In one corner stood a dark metal arch, runes engraved throughout.  A stand stood in another corner, a blanket draped over it with a sign warning of the dire consequences of removing the covering.  Spellbooks, staves, wands, and bones of many types of creatures were scattered about the room.  
Llyr stopped at the door, looking back at the Overwizard.  He was already beginning to cast the spell, his long, braided black and red hair swaying.  Llyr would never desire hair that long.  His own was cut just below the shoulder, easy to put up when going into a fight.
Llyr exited the room and bent down to retrieve his small bag, sword, and daggers.
“Do you have any questions concerning your mission?”  Daire asked as he was buckling on his sword.
“Yes,” Llyr replied. “These…humans, why are we interested in them?”
“We are interested in their world, not them,” Daire explained. “Their world will be our next home.”  They turned a corner, entering a walkway covered in glass.  Several wizards stood in the walkway, holding staves up, strings of bright magical energy stretching from the staves to the glass.  The sky above them was dark with purple and orange clouds.  Suddenly, a series of lightning bolts shot out of the clouds, impacting right above them, shattering against a magical shield.  After the bolts had stopped, the wizards put the staves down and began talking and writing notes on pads of paper.
Llyr stopped, adjusting his eyes to be able to see the magic.  The magic around the wizards and above them were the expected strings of energy, each string emitting a small cloud of energy.  The magic outside of the glass walkway was completely different, the strings swirling around each.  One string began to attach to the others, growing bigger and bigger.  The strings then broke apart and a series of fireballs hit the shield, the explosions shaking the walkway.  The wizards scrambled, grabbing their staves and sending strings of magic into the glass, reinforcing the shield.   “Daire, you never answered the question I asked you before my final Hunter trial.  I’m going to ask you again; what have you wizards done to my world?”
“What do you mean?”  Daire replied, an edge coming into his voice.
“What do I mean?”  Llyr said, astonished. “Before my training took me off world two years ago, I was able to walk around and enjoy the beauty of our world.  The only storms like these were in the Western mountains.  Now, all of our buildings are protected by magical shields and you can only travel by protected transport.  These storms cover our entire world and are ripping it apart.  If you could see the magic as I could, you would be as scared as I am.”
“I am as scared as you are,” Daire shot back. “This is why you are going to the human world.  It needs to be prepared for our arrival and the human you are to kill may be an obstacle.”
Llyr stared at him. “When I left this world, I heard that we had at least fifty years before we had to move.  Has that changed?”  
“Yes, our world will be unlivable in a few, short years,” Daire answered. “The humans are a technological race that must be purged from our new home before we occupy it.”
“What happened here?  Why are the storms so bad now?”
“I can’t tell you that,” Daire said. “We need to get to the portal room.  The Overwizard will be finished with his spell soon.”
“Fine,” Llyr started walking again. “Why am I only killing the girl then?”
“Few humans possess the ability to use magic.  It lies dormant within them but is kept from awakening by a spell that is in place around their world.  However, this girl’s powers recently woke up and she could become a threat to our plans should she be allowed to live.  To guarantee that there will be no other awakenings, all humans with dormant powers are being eliminated.   Yours is the first mission.”
“She doesn’t seem like much of a threat.  She didn’t look old enough to even be out of the Academy.”
“Humans age faster than Aldri.  Never underestimate an enemy, especially when you know nothing about them.”
“How long has their world been designated as our new home?”
“Not until a few years ago,” Daire explained. “We had another world prepared until the Archwizard changed the target.  It’s been a scramble ever since.”
They came to a large circular room, empty save for a tall stone arch in the middle.  Four grooved lines filled with gems ran out from each corner of the arch, stopping at the wall where large crystals were embedded.
“If this mission is so important, why isn’t someone with more experience being sent?”  Llyr said. “I only recently achieved the rank of Hunter.”
	“The Archwizard requested that you be given this assignment to test your worthiness,” Daire replied. “Do you know why she would request such a thing?”
Llyr turned away, a bit uncomfortable. “Father arranged for me to be wed to the Archwizard‘s daughter, Brigid.”
“Is that so?”  Daire said, smiling. “That explains Father’s good mood last night when I spoke with him.  How do you feel about it?”
“I was hoping to avoid the whole marriage issue,”  Llyr said. “Father arranged this union without my consent.”
“Will you honor the engagement?”  Daire asked.
Llyr nodded. “Yes.”
“Good.  Now we should get you on your way.”
“Llyr!”  a voice shouted from down the corridor.
Both Llyr and Daire looked down the hall and then bowed their heads.
“Father, you have a few minutes while I open the portal,” Daire said, looking up again.
“You may begin to prepare the chamber,” Father answered. 
Daire bowed and turned back into the room.
“What do you want, Father?”  Llyr said. He noticed a servant behind his Father, carrying something long that was wrapped in a blanket.
“Through a few discreet inquiries, I discovered who requested you be given this assignment,” Father said. “The union between our house and the Archwizard’s house will be the greatest single thing you will do for our family.  You must have every advantage so that you will not fail to impress the Archwizard.  I brought you a gift to aid you in this task,” Father snapped his fingers and the servant scurried forward, holding the blanket wrapped object toward Llyr.  
Llyr looked at his father, a little suspicious. “Unwrap it,” Father told him.
Llyr threw off the blanket. His breath caught when he saw what lay underneath.






CHAPTER Five

Rebecca sat up, wiping the tears from her eyes.  She wasn’t sure how long she had been crying but her mom had sat with her the whole time, holding her.
Her mom smiled. “Feeling a little better?”
Rebecca nodded, surprised that she really did feel better after that long cry.
“A good cry can be therapeutic sometimes,” her mom said. “Why don’t you get out of this room and come and have some lunch with your father and me?”
“Getting out sounds good but I think I need to get out of the house, if only for a little bit,” Rebecca said. “I think I’ll go for a walk.”
“Would you like me to come with you?”
“No, I need to do this myself.”
Rebecca’s mom shook her head, a sad smile on her face as she stood. “Don’t isolate yourself from the rest of us, Rebecca.  Your father and I love you and want to help.”
“I won’t keep you away anymore, Mom,” Rebecca said. “I want to walk alone, to clear my head and think.”
“Ok.  I’ll have some lunch waiting for you when you get home,” Her mother shut the door as she left the room.
I can’t believe I cried like that.  Rebecca thought as she got up, looking in her mirror, But mom was right, it did make me feel better.
She looked down at the necklace James had given her and picked it up, studying it.  Some people say it is better to embrace the grief and ride it out, gaining strength along the way.  She slipped the necklace on, Can’t hurt to try?
She took the remainder of the jewelry on the top of her dresser, a ring her mother had given her and a necklace she had received from her father, and put them on.
She left her room and went into the bathroom across the hall, washing her face and combing her hair.  She didn’t want to look like a slob.
She ducked back into her room and grabbed her keys and then headed down the hall.
“I’ll be back in a little while,” Rebecca told her parents as she passed them on her way to the door.
“Are you sure that you don’t want one of us to come with you?”  her father said. “It won’t be a problem.”
“I’m sure, Dad, but thanks for the offer.”
“Be safe.”
“I will be,” Rebecca said as she opened the door and exited the apartment.  She pulled the door closed and put her key into the deadbolt, locking it.  Her mom always insisted that the deadbolt be locked, no matter what.
As she turned the lock back to center position, a strange coldness descended on her and her joints suddenly felt as if they were stone.
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Llyr looked at his father, unable to speak. “Pick it up,” his father told him
Llyr slowly picked up the sword, feeling the power in it.  The hilt and sheath were sculpted in the shape of a phoenix in flight, fire red wings spread out into the circular hand guard and the sheath was the trailing tail ending in fire.  “I’ve always wanted to hold this sword,” The ring of the blade coming out of the sheath was as clear as a bell. “You would never allow it, only telling me of the dire consequences if you ever caught me touching it,” The curved, single edge blade of the sword was forged to look like the tail of the firebird as well. “This appears to be made of moonmetal but I‘ve never seen moonmetal sparkle like this.”
“The sparkling is from crushed dragon scales, bonded to the sword during the forging,” his father explained. “Because of the combination of the enchantments and dragon scales, the blade will penetrate most defensive spells.”
“You are giving this to me to impress the Archwizard?”  Llyr said.
“If you fail to impress her during this mission, she will renounce .your engagement to her daughter,” Father said. “Your great-grandfather was the last in our family to be accepted into the Hunter Conclave.  Our family’s rise to prominence dates back to that time, as he was a key figure in bringing the heretic wizards to justice, aided by this sword.  You have shown great potential, Llyr, and this sword will ensure your success, bringing glory to our family.”
Llyr slid the sword back into its sheath, placing it back onto the outstretched arms of the servant. “You have my deepest gratitude for this marvelous gift,” He unbuckled his sword, taking it off and putting the new sword in its place.
“I expect you to make good use of the sword, Llyr,” his father said. “It is the most important artifact our family possesses and to lose it would cause us to lose face. “  
“I understand, Father,” Llyr said. “I will care for it with my life.”
His father nodded and left the room, the servant following him.  Daire had moved to one of the large crystals embedded in the wall, speaking a few arcane words while touching the crystal.  The crystal began to glow, pulsing with energy.  The energy began to flow into the line of crystals in the floor until the entire length was pulsing.  
After all four crystals and lines were pulsing with energy, Daire moved to the arch in the middle, touching specific places on it.  Suddenly, a swirling, green mass filled the arch.
“This portal will take you to the human world,” Daire told Llyr.
Llyr walked over to the portal. “When will I return?”
“When you have finished your mission.” Daire handed him a silver medallion with a diamond in middle and runes inscribed around the edges. “This medallion will allow us to speak to each other.  Kill your target and wait for me to contact you.  It will grow cold when I make the connection.  It will also allow you to understand what the humans are saying,” Llyr slipped the medallion over his head and under his leather tunic.
“I’ll be contacting you to check on your progress,” Daire said.  Llyr nodded, taking a string out and tying his hair up into a ponytail.  “Father is expecting great things from you, Llyr; do not disappoint him.”
“Father decided long ago to be disappointed by everything I do.  No matter what has happened, I doubt that has changed.” Llyr walked into the portal, not waiting for Daire‘s response.









CHAPTER Six


Give me a break, I only want to go for a walk!  Rebecca thought to herself, determined to get out.  As she thought this, warmth spread through her and she started moving normally again.  That was weird.  It must be colder than I realized. 
She started toward the main stairway but turned around, deciding to use the back stairs.  She didn’t really want to meet any of her neighbors, who would want to commiserate and offer condolences.  She had had enough of that at the funeral.
Rebecca sighed with relief when she made it out of the building without meeting anyone.  She looked up at the sun and closed her eyes, letting the sunlight bathe her face.  
She wandered up the sidewalk, not in any hurry.  I wonder why I got that chill? she thought.  A noise came from the alley she was passing and she casually glanced into it.
She stopped, staring at the strangest creature she had ever seen.  It was short, no more than three feet in height.  It was bald, had pointy ears and sharp fangs protruding from its mouth, which was stuffed full of discarded food scraps.  It looked at her, its yellow eyes widening.  It shoveled the food it had in its claws into its mouth, getting mush on its flat nose, and screeched an ear-piercing shriek, running toward her, waving its arms wildly.
Rebecca yelped, bolting in the direction of the park.  As she entered the park, she spotted a police officer.
“Officer, you have to help me!”
“What’s the problem, Miss?” 
“There’s this…thing chasing me,” Rebecca exclaimed, turning to point. “It’s coming right behind…” She trailed off when she saw the creature was nowhere to be seen.
“What is chasing you, Miss?”  the officer said, looking in the direction she was pointing.
“Well, it was short, green, and ugly, with long arms and sharp teeth.” 
“Short and green, with long arms and sharp teeth?”  Skepticism was evident in the Officer’s voice. “Ma’am, are you sure you didn’t see a dog or something?”
“Right, a dog,” Rebecca agreed, bemused. “It must have been a dog.  I’ll just sit down for a while.  Sorry to have bothered you.”
The policeman left after escorting Rebecca to a park bench.  Rebecca ran her hand through her hair, leaning her head on the back support of the bench.  
“What was that thing?”  Rebecca muttered. “I know I wasn’t seeing a dog.”
“It was a goblin.” 
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
The portal closed after Llyr stepped into the alley.  He kept his right hand on one of his daggers, ready to throw at a moment’s notice.   If he had understood the Overwizard correctly, the building on his right was where he would find the girl.
I wonder what is so dangerous about this girl, Llyr thought as he walked to the front of the alley.  He stuck his head out of the alley to take a look around, pulling it right back.  A human walked by, not paying any attention to him.
There’s no way he could have missed me, Llyr puzzled. I stuck my head right out in front of him.  He looked out again, seeing that the human had stopped by a metal pole with a metal plate attached to the top.  A picture of something rectangular with two small circles and a square marked the plate; below the rectangle were further markings that might be some sort of language.
Llyr, gaining some confidence from the way the human ignored him, stepped out of the alley and walked over to where the human was standing.  He looked the human over, especially at the strange clothes he was wearing: a black coat, which only had three buttons near the bottom, and black pants, a white shirt and some cloth tied around his neck.  The human was also carrying a case of some kind, which was also black.  Llyr waved his hand in front of the human’s face, noticing that his eyes were different from the girl’s: more like an Aldri’s, the only difference being the colored area around the pupil.  The human didn’t give any indication that he was aware of Llyr’s actions.
Llyr didn’t like being ignored, so he pushed the case the human was holding.  The human pulled the case in front of him, looking right at Llyr.  Llyr tensed, ready for harsh words from the human.  However, the human said nothing, looking the other way, the irritation on his face turning to confusion.  He studied his case for a moment and then held it in the hand farthest away from Llyr.
Why can’t the human see me?  Llyr thought to himself, as confused as the human.  There had to be some magic at work here, hiding him.  Llyr jumped as a long metal machine pulled up beside him.  A door on the machine opened and a few humans exited the machine.  The human Llyr had been studying stepped into the machine and the door shut.  The machine began to noisily roll away down the dark pavement.
Llyr studied the machine as it rolled down the pavement and then looked at the metal plate on the pole.  This must be some kind of transportation system.  Llyr thought, fascinated.  There were similar systems on his world but they relied on beasts of burden or portals if you had the wealth.  He looked after the machine and realized there were many more machines, of a variety of shapes, sizes, and colors.  I never thought technology could create such things.  He turned around and the sight of the building reminded him why he was here.  Focus on your objective, Llyr.  You can observe the humans after you’ve completed your mission.
He entered a door that was made of glass and metal, coming into a tiled area.  There were long rows of metal boxes on both sides of him and they had symbols on them.  One of them had the symbols he was looking for, though he doubted this is how he entered where the girl lived.  Further down that were stairs going up and a set of metal double doors.  At various places, there were humans standing, immobilized.
I wonder why the Overwizard bothered to cast the immobilization spell when the humans can’t see me.  Llyr wondered as he made his way up the stairs.  When the Overwizard had shown him the girl, she had been at a window above the ground level of the building; he would begin his search on the second level.
Llyr left the stairs and looked down the long hall that had doors on the left side.  There were no humans in this hallway and he made his way to the first door and looked at the symbols on the door.  
Well, the first symbol is right but the second symbol is not.  Llyr considered.  Do I have to go through this door to get to the one I want or do I need to keep going down this hall?  He thought it over for a moment; I’ll check the next door down.  If the first symbol changes, I’ll know.
Llyr walked down to the next door in the hall and nodded with satisfaction upon seeing the 2 and B together on the door.  He looked down at the handle of the door and frowned.
I wonder how this handle works.  Llyr thought, studying the round handle with a keyhole in the middle.  There was also another metal piece with a keyhole just above the handle.  Do I need a key for both keyholes?  I suppose I could break down the door or pick the lock, but I’m to leave as little evidence I was here as possible.
Llyr took a hold of the handle and twisted.  It turned a little before stopping and the same thing happened the other way.
  He sighed and pulled lock picks out of a small pocket in his belt, quickly unlocking the door.  He put the lockpicks back in the pocket and twisted the door handle again, pushing on the door.  The door opened and he stepped through.
The room was an entry to a home.  There were pictures and decorations scattered about the walls and on shelves and tables.  To his right was a larger table with six chairs positioned around it and a chandelier hanging above it with round globes attached to each end.  There was a vase with flowers sitting in the middle of the table on a green mat.  Green mats sat in front of each of the chairs.  To his left, there was an area with two couches, one longer than the other.  A small, long table sat in between the couches with thin books sitting on it neatly.  A large box with a dark mirror sitting on a wooden shelf sat several feet in front of the couches and a larger window let in sunlight beyond the couches.  A human male was sitting on the smaller of the couches, looking at the mirror box.
Llyr looked at one of the pictures on a shelf near him.  A human male with dark hair and a human female with hair a little lighter than the males stood smiling with a second female; the second female was his target.  He smiled, glad he was in the right place.  He looked around again and saw a hall connected to the area with the couches.  
He made his way down the hall ignoring the area to the right where a human female stood immobilized in the act of reaching for something; she wasn’t the one he was after.  He came to the first of the four doors.  He twisted the handle and entered the room.
The room had a single person bed, well-made, against one wall.  A desk with writing supplies and other things Llyr did not recognize sat in one corner with a chair pushed under it.  A closet stood half open at one end of the room and there was a chest of drawers next to the closet that had a mirror attached to the top and a dark wooden box sitting on top of it along with a hairbrush and little cat figures.  Shelves lined the top of the wall around the room with all sorts of cats on them, though Llyr didn’t think they were alive because of the expressions some had on their faces.
I’m sure this is the right room.  Llyr thought,  Where is the girl?  







CHAPTER seven


Rebecca started, looking to her left to see another strange apparition.  While it looked similar to a man, it stood only about a foot in height, with neat dark hair and a well-trimmed goatee.  The creature wore a tailored blue coat with a white button shirt, carefully tucked into a pair of matching blue pants whose long sharp creases fell exactly to the leather uppers of well-shined shoes.  The dapper grooming was incongruous with the alarming, blood-red eyes and the bony, membranous wings that spread, bat-like, to frame the creature’s impossible appearance.
“Please don’t scream,” it said. “Anyone who comes along won’t be able to see me.”
Rebecca closed her eyes and shook her head.  When she opened her eyes, the creature was still there, smiling. “I think I’m going crazy,” she mumbled.
“No, you’re not mental, yet. Though some of your kind do go insane when they begin to see us.”
“Us?”  Rebecca gasped in alarm. “There are more of you?  What are you, exactly?”
“Well, some would call me an Imp, others a Fairy or Pixie and others a Leprechaun.  And then there are those who would call me a figment of your imagination.  I can assure you, however, I am no figment.” He stretched his wings, preening a little, and leaning toward Rebecca. “You may want to lower your voice.” 
Rebecca looked self-consciously from side to side then continued in a fierce whisper. “Are you hostile? Fairies might not be, Imps might be, and Leprechauns…what am I saying? Which are you?” she snapped, her voice rising again in panic.
“I am all of them and none of them. Parts of each of those describe me, but none completely describes me. I am me. Are you hostile?” it responded.
Rebecca continued to stare at the creature. “I’m too confused to be hostile.  And if you are none of those things, what are you then?”
It smiled. “My people are known as the Caroba.”
“I’ve never heard of the Caroba.”
“Since we were hidden, your legends have changed.”
Rebecca gave him a confused look. “Hidden?  How were you… Wait, I saw you at the funeral home.  You came into the bathroom while I was in there.”
“Yes, that was me,” it acknowledged. “I was observing you.”
“Why?”
The thing tsked. “We should introduce ourselves before we have a conversation.  My name is Pim.”
“Why were you observing me, Pim?”
“I have told you my name, my dear, and now good manners would require that you tell me yours.”
“Manners?” choked out Rebecca. “You’re concerned with etiquette?” Finally, she wilted under Pim’s peculiar, scarlet gaze. “My name is Rebecca Bray.”
“It is a pleasure to meet you, Rebecca Bray,” Pim bowed, his wings sweeping back to counterbalance his low, old-fashioned obeisance.
“Will you answer my question now?”
Pim smiled. “Of course.  I was observing you because you had used magic.”
“Magic? Magic doesn’t exist,” declared Rebecca, then reconsidered the red-eyed, winged thing. “But then neither do you.”
“Ah, but I do, and so, in point of fact, does magic.” Pim pointed down the park path. “Observe that man with the dog over there.”
Rebecca spotted a man who was jogging with a dog on a leash.  Pim began to sing, his tune having no words.  The leash suddenly snapped in the middle, and the dog happily ran free, his owner sprinting after him.  Rebecca looked back to Pim, who sat chuckling.
“You see?”  Pim said. “Magic does exist.”
“Well, I don’t use magic,” Rebecca told him. “I’ve never willed a leash to break or done anything that would be considered magical.”
“Then how can you see me?”  Pim threw at her. “Magical creatures have been around you all along.  Why does nobody else see them?  I’ll tell you why.  Over fifteen hundred years ago, Merlin, the greatest human wizard ever to live, cast a spell to hide magical beings from humanity.  Since Merlin’s time, only those humans who have wielded magic are able to see us.  At some time you have used magic; otherwise, you couldn’t see me.  Tell me, when did you first see a magical creature?”
“Seeing that thing you called a goblin was the first time…no, seeing you in the bathroom was the first time I saw any strange creature.”
Pim thought for a second. “Did anything strange happen before you saw me?”
“Not that I can think of,” Rebecca responded. Awful, she thought.  Unbearable, but not strange. The gut-wrenching ache of James’s death threatened to overwhelm her again and she realized that not since her glance down the goblin’s alley had she consciously borne that burden of loss. The distraction, no matter how preposterous and unfathomable, was nonetheless a relief of that too familiar pain.  She fiddled with her jacket and, looking at the arms knotted around her waist, she remembered what happened outside of her apartment.  “Not that I can think of.  Though as I left my apartment, I got a sudden chill, and I felt like my movements were slowing down.  Then I felt warm again and I was able to move.”
“A sudden chill and not being able to move,” Pim repeated. “hmmm, what about at your car accident?  Did anything happen there?”  
“Nothing happened at the car crash that would…wait, how do you know about my accident?” Rebecca demanded
“I happened to be at the intersection when your crash happened.  I’ve been following you ever since,” Pim explained.
Rebecca scooted down the bench, getting as far away from this thing as possible. “Why would you follow me?”
“Because I felt magic being used after the crash; it must have come from you, considering you can now see magical creatures.  Did anything happen after the crash that you cannot explain?”
Rebecca leaned back as the intensity grew in the Caroba’s eyes. “Something I can’t explain?”  Rebecca thought, searching her mind for anything that might appease this creature. “Well, I was able to bend the steering column.  I shouldn’t have been able to do that.”
“Did you feel anything, anything at all, when that happened?”
“Hmmm, I felt…something, a warmth that ran through me and into my arm.”
The Caroba brought its hands in front of it, fists closed and leaned toward her, his smile triumphant. “That was magic. It gave you the strength to do something you would otherwise be unable to; Merlin’s spell no longer affects you, letting you see all magic that is around you.”
“And the chill I felt before coming here?  Was that magic?”
The Caroba nodded. “Most likely, though not from you.  The warmth you felt after the chill was from you but the chill would have had to come from an outside source.”
“You?”  Rebecca accused.
“Would I be sitting here talking to you if I tried to do that to you?”  the Caroba asked, studying her. “May I come to your home?”  
“Why?”  Rebecca said, suspicious of this creature. The unthinkable in the park was one thing, but she was quite sure it didn’t belong in her home.
“To feel for magic,” Pim explained. “I promise, I won’t do anything to harm you or your family.  This will help answer how you came to use magic.”
Rebecca stood up, backing away from the bench as she shook her head. “No, no you cannot.  Magic isn’t real; you are not real.  My mind has obviously taken my loss harder than I thought.  My mom has been trying to get me to see a therapist and now I know I need to listen to her.” She turned around and walked away.
“Wait!” The Caroba flew beside her. “Magic is not something you can ignore.  It could kill you if you are not trained properly.  I can help you.”
Rebecca swung her arm at the apparition, who dodged the blow, and ran out of the park. 
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Llyr walked over to the closet, shoving aside clothes.  She must have gone into one of the other rooms before the immobilization spell took effect.
He left the girl’s room and went straight across the hall into another room.  This room had a round bowl with a metal piece sticking above it.  Two knobs sat on either side of the metal piece.  Around the bowl were all sorts of tubes, brushes, and metal cylinders.  Above that was a large mirror, cut into three sections.  Long pieces of cloth hung on a metal beam across from the mirror and bowl.  Next to that was a larger white bowl full of water that had a large white box attached to it.  A long, white tub took up the whole end of the room, with a curtain hanging down from a pole stretching from one wall to the other the length of the tub.  
Llyr went into the room, pushing the curtain to one side.  There were four metal pieces sticking out of one of the walls, three near the bottom, one just level with his head, two ending in knobs.
Llyr moved to the next room in the hall, it being a smaller room with a desk, another one of those dark screens, books and papers, and large metal drawers.  The last room was a larger room with a larger bed and larger drawers, obviously meant for two people.  It was connected to a room with another tub and bowl full of water.
Llyr returned to the girl’s room after searching the rest of the house, frustrated.  Why wasn’t she immobilized like every other human I’ve seen in this building? Did something go wrong with the spell?
Llyr closed his eyes and began to feel the magic around him.  He could feel the spell that was keeping the humans in place and something else.  
What is that?  Llyr puzzled. I’ve never felt anything like that.  It feels so different from any form of magic I’ve come across.
He opened his eyes, going out of the apartment, pausing just outside the door.  This is where the magic residue is strongest.  The girl must have countered the spell the Overwizard cast.  No wonder they sent me to kill her.  I wonder why she left the other humans immobilized.  Llyr thought it out, She must have done it without realizing.  I have to find her.
He followed the magical trail down the stairs but the magical residue faded to nothing as it went out the back door of the building.
Which way did she go?  Llyr asked himself as he looked up and down the street.  He looked across the street and saw that a smaller street intersected the larger one he was on.  I’ll try that way.
Llyr waited as a few of the rolling machines that the humans used passed by him and then dashed across the road.  He walked down the sidewalk looking around for any clues that might help him discover where she might have gone.  He stopped at the entrance of an alley, again feeling for magical residue.
“Look at the way that human is dressed,” a rough voice said behind him in the goblin language.  The dialect was different from what the goblins spoke on his world but he was able to make out what was said.
	“He must be one of those nerds,” another voice said and laughter followed.
	Llyr turned and saw three goblins sitting in the alley on round, metal cans.  “Are you addressing me, goblins?”  he asked them in their language.
	“So, the human can see us,” the biggest of the three goblins said to his companions. “And speak our tongue, if in a funny way.” They all laughed.
	“I am no human,” Llyr announced.
“That’s even better,” the goblin responded, hopping off his can and drawing out a rusty short sword. “That means you’re fair game,” The other two goblins quickly hopped off their can, drawing their swords. “I suggest you drop your things or we’ll have to cut up that pretty face of yours.”








CHAPTER Eight


Rebecca hurried out of the park, not looking back.  She sprinted past the area where she had seen the other thing, keeping her eyes forward.  She was afraid that she would see something that wasn’t supposed to be there.  She kept running until she reached the door to her building.  She went through the door and leaned against the wall just inside.
I’m going insane.  Rebecca thought, going over the two strange encounters, This started at the funeral.  My parents wanted me to see a therapist but I thought I was okay.  This proves they were right.  I’d better tell them.
Rebecca pushed off the wall and turned to the stairs.  She looked up and, still breathing heavily from her run, decided to walk around to the front and take the elevator.  She lived one floor up but she felt she had had enough exercise for the afternoon.
She walked past the apartment doors into the front foyer, taking a moment to grab the mail from their box.  A woman was waiting at the elevator doors.
“Hello Ms. Johnson, how are you?”  Rebecca said, coming up to stand next to her.  She realized something was wrong.  Ms. Johnson’s  hand was held up in front of her, her index finger extended, the rest closed as if she were about to push the elevator button.  Her eyes were open, staring blankly.  
“Ms. Johnson, are you alright?”  Rebecca waved her hand in front of Ms. Johnson’s eyes but she did not react.  Rebecca then poked her and jumped back.  Ms. Johnson felt as if she were made of stone.  All thoughts of taking it easy flew from Rebecca’s mind as she raced up the front stairway.
She ran up to her apartment door and threw it open.  This made her pause. I locked this door, I know I did.  She rushed in and found her dad sitting in the same place as when she had left.
“Dad, are you alright?”  Rebecca asked, huffing in the doorway.  When he didn’t answer, she hurried over to him and grabbed his shoulder.  She retracted her hand when she felt that he was just like Ms. Johnson downstairs.  
“MOM!”  Rebecca yelled, rushing to the kitchen.  Her mom was stuck in the act of grabbing something from the cupboard, her arm stretched out above her.  Rebecca backed up until she hit the wall and then rushed into her room, tears coming to her eyes.  She jumped onto her bed, drawing her knees up to her.  What is going on?  Am I really here or is this all just a freaky dream?  Am I in a coma somewhere and I don’t know it?  She scanned her room through blurry eyes.  She noticed that her closet was open.  Did she leave it open?  She got off her bed and walked over to close it and realized that her clothes had been moved around.
She closed her eyes, more tears forming.  What is happening to me?  First Ms. Johnson, then the door is unlocked, and then my parents; now this.  Who would go through my stuff?  She leaned her head against the doorway, trying to sort through her feelings.  As she did, she began to feel something else, coldness all around her.  It was a different kind of cold, one she felt from inside instead of on her skin.  Yet, as she concentrated on it, she sensed warmth under the cold.  It called to her.  She reached out with her mind and grabbed it through the cold.  
Warmth flowed into her.  She sighed, feeling some peace as it filled her up.  Soon, however, it began to push against her, looking to be released.  It began to race around inside of her, warming her whole body.
Release it. Came a distance thought, or was it a voice.  Release the magic.  The voice demanded.
“I don’t want to,” Rebecca muttered. “It feels wonderful.”
“REBECCA!  LET GO.”
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
	Llyr stood with his hand on his sword, merely watching the goblins get closer.  When the goblins were within reach of his sword, Llyr drew it and severed the hand of the biggest goblin, causing him to drop his weapon.  Llyr brought his sword to the goblin’s throat, the razor-sharp edge against its skin, all before the goblins could react.
	“Now, if I had so chosen, your head would be separated from your body and your two companions would have joined you in death’s embrace,” Llyr told the goblin, who clutched at his bleeding appendage. “However, since I do not kill without a good reason, I will be lenient.  First, your companions will drop their swords.”
	The other two goblins quickly dropped their swords.
	“You will answer some questions,” Llyr told them. “Have you seen a human girl around here, with red hair and red gold eyes?”
	“She walks around here often but we have not seen her today,” the goblin answered.
	“Is there any place that she goes?”
	“The City Park.” The goblin pointed. “Go up the street, you can’t miss it.  It has trees and grass.  Humans go there to walk and relax.”
	Llyr didn’t look where the goblin was pointing. “You and your companions are free to go.  You may retrieve your weapons later.” He pulled his sword away from the goblin’s throat, leaving a thin cut.
	The goblins ran out of the alley, disappearing around the corner at the end of the street.  Llyr shook his head, taking out a cloth to clean the blood off his sword.
	He walked to this ‘City Park’ after kicking the goblin’s weapons into the street.  The place was not hard to miss, the tops of the trees visible as soon as Llyr came to the end of the block.  He ran down the street to the park, the entrance and walked slowly down the paths, scanning for the girl.  He saw many humans: some alone, some with companions and some with animals on leashes.  One human was chasing his animal, a broken leash hanging from its collar. There were various magical creatures lounging around the park who ignored the humans and were ignored by the humans.  
	He ignored all of them, interested only in finding the girl.  He stopped near a wooden bench after searching for a time, feeling for magic.  The bench behind him had the residue of the magic Carobas use.  
	Carobas know all that goes on about them.  Llyr thought to himself, Maybe this one will know about the girl.  He hoped what he had on him was enough to buy information from the Caroba; the price of a Caroba’s knowledge was usually high.  Not wanting to wander, he set off on the Caroba’s trail.
	He had just passed through the park exit on the Caroba’s trail when he felt a massive surge of magical energy somewhere down the street from him.  What was that?  No longer concerned with the Caroba, Llyr ran down the street in the direction where the magical surge had come from.







CHAPTER nine


Rebecca opened her eyes, seeing the Caroba hovering right in front of her face.  The warm feeling that she had felt was now a raging fire.  She began to feel pain as the power within her began to surge, searching for an outlet; she sat down hard on her floor.  She began to breathe, in short, gasping pants, tears leaking down her cheeks.
 “Rebecca, you must let the power go or it will kill you,” the Caroba implored.
“I…don’t…know…how,” Rebecca told him in between pants.
The Caroba looked at her, panic in his eyes.  He flew around the room, almost bouncing off the walls.  He flew back to her, hovering in front of her face.  Her panting was faster now, the tears now rivers down her face.
“Think of something that makes you mad,” the Caroba instructed her. “Something that really gets you angry.”
Rebecca was having a hard time thinking of anything but the fire burning in her.  She concentrated and thought of how unfair it was that James was taken from her, that his life was cut short.  He deserved a chance to do the good he was planning.  We deserved the chance to share our lives together.  IT JUST ISN”T FAIR!
The Caroba noticed her jaw tighten. “Good, now look out the window and imagine a ball of fire in the sky.   Then, release your anger and use it as a way to release the magic.”
Rebecca looked out the window, out into the blue sky, imagining a ball of fire above the buildings.   The pain grew inside her, spreading throughout her body.  “How…do…I…release…it?“
“I do not know,” the Caroba said, frustration in his voice. “My kind and humans use magic in different ways.”
The tears blocked her vision as the pain grew beyond anything that she thought she could endure.  She forced herself to imagine the ball of fire outside. It is real, it is real, IT IS REAL.   She yelled, putting all the anger she felt about the last week into it.  She felt the power flow out of her and a huge, writhing ball of flame appeared in the sky where she had imagined it.
She slumped, lying on the floor, sobbing and curling into a ball, her energy exhausted.  The pain was slowly fading into a dull ache.  Pim landed beside her, wiping her face with a handkerchief
“What happened?”  Rebecca asked after her crying had settled
“There is a spell, a powerful spell, in place around this building.  You started to draw on the magical energy that is holding it in place,” Pim told her. “Not the smartest thing for a novice wizard to do.”
“A spell?”  Rebecca replied. “Why would there be a spell on my building?”
“I don’t know,” Pim said.  “I’m guessing it has something to do with you.”
Rebecca’s eyes began to close, exhaustion setting in.
“No, no, you can’t fall asleep,” Pim said, pulling her hair hard.
“Ouch!” Rebecca jerked her head back. “Why not?  I feel like I just ran a marathon at a full sprint and got beaten at the end.”
“Because whoever cast the spell will be arriving here soon, looking for you.”
“Why would anyone who uses magic come looking for me?”
“Why would anyone cast a spell on this building?”  Pim retorted. “All I know is that the spell that has been put on this building is no minor spell.  Whoever cast it spent a lot of time and resources to place it here.  The only reason I can work out for casting it is that they want to capture you for some reason and we shouldn’t sit here waiting for them to show up.”
Rebecca rubbed her head, confused. “This is moving too fast for me.  I have to think.”
“You don’t have time to think; if you think, whoever is looking for you will be here.  You’ll just have to trust me.”
	“Trust you?”  Rebecca said. “I don’t trust you at all.  I just met you; I’m not even sure you really exist.  How do I know that you aren’t the one who’s done all this?”
	The Caroba adjusted his coat, fixing some wrinkles caused by all his flying. “Why would I do that?  What would be the gain?”
	“I don’t know,” Rebecca ran her hand through her hair. “You’re the one who’s been watching me.”
	“As I told you before, I watch everyone.”
	Rebecca shook her head. “Why should I leave?  All I have is your word that someone is looking for me.”
	“Look, this is not the time for this conversation.  I am wary of staying in a place that has a spell meant to keep people from moving.  I realize you have many questions; I would feel better about answering them someplace else.  Can we go back to the park and talk?  I’ll answer any questions you have there.”
	Rebecca sighed, sitting up. “Fine, we’ll talk at the park and then this will all be over.”
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
As Llyr was running down the sidewalk, a goblin stepped out of an alley into his path.  Llyr ran into the goblin, bringing them both down in a heap.
	“Stupid goblin,” Llyr berated it in its own language, throwing it off him. “Watch where you are walking.”
	The goblin, rather than apologizing and scrambling away as any goblin would have on Llyr’s world, jumped back onto Llyr, biting and flailing away with its hands.
	Llyr screamed as the goblin bit his shoulder and its nails dug into his left arm.  He pulled out a dagger, bringing it up into the belly of the goblin.  The goblin jerked away and jumped off him, screeching in pain.  
	Llyr rolled away and up onto his feet, dagger in front of him.  The goblin stood up as well, one hand clutching the wound.  It yelled as it charged him.  Llyr turned to the side, slicing with his dagger, cutting off one of the goblin’s ears.  It shrieked again, its other hand going up to the new injury.
	“If you wish to die,” Llyr told his opponent, holding his dagger in between them.
	The goblin spit at him and ran away from him, screaming at the top of its lungs.
	Llyr grimaced at the blood all over the front of his tunic and hand.  He looked at his shoulder, noting that the goblin had left deep impressions in the soft leather tunic.  His arm had bloody gouges where he had no protection from the goblin’s long nails.  I should have killed the thing.
	He took a cloth out of his pack, cleaning his dagger.  He retrieved a small vial from his pack, cleaned his wounds and rubbed some of the contents of the vial onto them.  Placing the vial back in his pack and throwing the cloth into the alley, Llyr continued running toward the source of the magical surge.  He ran until he reached the building where he was to have found the girl in the first place.  The surge came from in here.  Is the girl involved?
	He threw open the door and took the stairs two at a time, running down the hall to the door to the girl’s home.  He grabbed the handle and found it was locked.
	She must have come back.  I should have just waited here for her.  Llyr took out his lock picks, quickly unlocking the door.  He ran inside, not bothering to close the door, drawing his sword.  He paid no attention to the immobilized humans, rushing to the girl’s room.
	The girl was not in the room.  Llyr slammed his sword back into its sheath, If that stupid goblin hadn’t got in my way, I’d have been here in time.  He looked out the window and saw more humans gathering and looking up at the sky.  
	Llyr moved away from the window and sat down on the chair in the room.  This chair is in a different place.  She was here.  He closed his eyes and felt for magic.
	He opened them, feeling a distinct magical residue.  It was like the one he had felt at the door the first time he was here, only much stronger.  It must be the girl.
	He jumped a little as an area right beneath his leather tunic in the middle of his chest went cold.  He grabbed a chain around his neck, pulling the silver medallion Daire had given him out from beneath his tunic.
He uttered the command word and the image of his brother appeared before him.
“Is she dead, Hunter?”  Daire said.
“No, she is not,” Llyr replied.
“Why not?”  Daire demanded.  “She would not have been able to flee or fight back.  Overwizard Aedan cast an immobilization spell over her building.”
“The spell didn’t work, Daire,” Llyr explained. “Every other human in the building is immobilized but she’s not here.  She must have resisted the spell.”
“That’s impossible.  Her magical powers are dormant and she wouldn’t be able to resist the Overwizard’s spell.  Are you sure you went through the right door?”
	“Well, she did and I went through the right door.  When I found she was not here, I felt for magical energy.  I found a faint residue outside the door of this place.  I followed it out of the building, where it faded.  It is obvious her powers are no longer dormant.”
Daire kept silence for a moment, his eyes looking away,\. “Are you waiting for her in her room?”
“No, I searched for her and found out from some of the goblins where she spends some time,” Llyr informed him. “I’m back in her room because I felt a massive surge of magical energy from here.  She is not here, though I have no doubt that she is the source of the surge.”
“Will you be able to follow her this time?”
“Yes; she will leave a magical trail for quite some time.”
“Good, take care of her quickly.  The Overwizard will not be pleased when he hears that she resisted his spell.”
“That won’t matter.  The next time we talk, she will be dead.”








CHAPTER ten


Rebecca sat down on the grass in an area of the park hidden from the main path by bushes. “Alright, Caroba, say what you have to say and leave me alone.”
The Caroba shook his head. “If that is going to be your attitude, I am not going to waste my time.  If you ever desire my help, feel free to look me up.  Good day,” He turned his back to her and leapt into the air, his wings carrying him aloft.
“Wait!”  Rebecca called out.  The Caroba stopped in midair and turned about, hovering.
Rebecca took a deep breath. “I’m sorry if I offended you.  This has been very difficult for me.  A lot has been going on the last week and I feel overwhelmed.”
The Caroba flew back and landed on the ground in front of her. “What I need to tell you is very important; you cannot afford to ignore it.  The moment you touched magic, your world changed.  I realize you have plans for your life, but you have become a part of my world, the world of magic.  You must promise me that you will seriously consider what I say.”
Rebecca nodded. “I will try.”
“Good enough for now,” the Caroba said. “First, my name is not ‘Caroba’.  It is Pim; please use it when you address me.”
“Okay.”
The Caroba raised his eyebrow, waiting for something more.
Rebecca broke eye contact. “Pim.”
“Thank you,” Pim said. “Second, you must not tell anyone about us or what you are able to do.”
“Why not?”  Rebecca said.
“Be patient.  I will explain everything as I go along.  You shouldn’t tell anyone because they won’t believe you.  They will simply think you are crazy.  Third, you need to be very careful when using magic.  You are a novice and could easily kill yourself and those around you.  You almost did back in your room.  If possible, we will find someone to teach you.  I cannot teach you because we do not use magic in the same way.”
	Pim adjusted his jacket, his eyes becoming more serious. “Having used magic, you will not be able to stop.  As time goes by, magic will define you and you will become part of the magical world.”
Pim fell silent, his eyes boring into her.  Rebecca averted her eyes, uncomfortable by the intense look.
“Do you understand what I’m trying to tell you?”  Pim inquired after a minute.
“No,” Rebecca told him.
Pim took a breath. “Now that you are able to use magic, your life has changed.  You are the first human to use magic in over a thousand years.  You’ll be noticed; you have been noticed.”
Rebecca stared at him, her breath quickening. “I won’t use magic.  I simply won’t do anything with it.”
Pim chuckled. “Like you did back in your room?  You started to absorb the magical energy from that spell without knowing what you were doing.  If I hadn’t followed you, you would be dead and would have left that building as a hole in the ground.  Believe me when I say you won’t be able to stop yourself.  This is something you can’t ignore and will have to learn to control.”
Rebecca turned away from Pim, feeling as helpless as the day James died.  “I’ll find a way to stop myself from using magic.  I know I can do it.”
Pim sighed. “Well, if that is your…”  He turned his head as his words died, cocking his head.
“What?”  Rebecca said.
Pim shushed her. “Do you hear that?”
Rebecca listened for the sounds around her and heard a loud buzz, growing louder. “What is it?”
“I don’t know, but I’m going to find out.”
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Llyr looked through the bushes and saw the girl sitting on the ground, talking to a Caroba.  I’ll finally be done with this.  He took out a dagger, setting his feet to burst through the bush.
He looked through the bushes again.  The Caroba and the girl weren’t talking but looked as if they were listening for something.  He heard a loud buzz and looked to his right.
Coming down the path was a large group of goblins, fifteen in number, all carrying weapons.  They were shouting angrily.  Llyr recognized the three he had sent running earlier among them.  He stepped out onto the path, not doubting they were here for him.
	The lead goblin, a large ugly brute carrying a spear, held up his hand, stopping the group.  “YOU!”  the large goblin shouted. “YOU THREATENED THREE OF OUR KIN AND KILLED ANOTHER,” A body was brought forward and was laid in front of the goblin that was talking.
	That’s the goblin that I fell over and was forced to stab; this is the last thing I need with my quarry so close.  “YOUR KIN TRIED TO ROB ME,” Llyr shouted back. “BY ALL RIGHTS I WOULD BE JUSTIFIED IN KILLING THEM.  AS FOR YOUR SLAIN COMRADE, HE ATTACKED ME.”
	“WE DEMAND THAT YOU PAY RECOMPENSE.”
	“I WILL DO NO SUCH THING.”
	“THEN WE WILL TAKE IT FROM YOU!” With a war cry, the goblins surged forward, charging at full speed.
	Llyr threw the dagger in his hand and grabbed the next dagger from its sheath, alternating hands as he threw.   He killed six goblins before drawing his sword, slashing it across a goblin’s chest, stepping out of the way as it fell to the ground, dead.
	Seven of the eight remaining goblins closed on him and he danced among them.  Despite their numbers, they attacked as if each of them were alone, bumping into each other.  He thrust his blade into a goblin stomach, ducking a swing while pulling his sword out, swinging it around and severing a leg.  He dodged to the side and grabbed a goblin’s arm, forcing its sword into another goblin’s chest.  A spiked club came swinging in, intercepted by Llyr’s sword.  He punched the goblin in the face with the hilt of his sword; grabbing the spiked club out of the dazed goblin’s hand, he swung it around into the face of the goblin who was pulling his sword out of his companion.
	Llyr killed the dazed goblin, turning in time to block two clubs.  The two goblins backed off, each going to either side of him.  The large goblin who had done the talking was standing a few feet away, laughing.  Once one of the goblins was behind Llyr, they rushed him.  Llyr dashed forward, thrusting his sword into the goblin’s chest before it could respond.  He grabbed its arm, spinning and shoving it into the goblin that was coming behind him while pulling out his sword.  He rushed forward, stabbing the goblin as it pushed its dead companion to the side.  
As Llyr turned to meet the goblin leader, its spear struck him in the lower chest. He stumbled back, but did not fall, grasping the spear.
“Didn’t expect that, did you?”  the goblin said, laughing. “You’ve killed more of us than I thought you could.  But you’re still going to die and I will get your marvelous weapons,” The goblin walked over to the goblin who was struggling on the ground, one leg severed.  The goblin leader picked up a sword and cut off the goblin’s head.
“In a way, I should thank you,” the goblin leader said, turning.  It said no more as the spear he threw at Llyr penetrated its heart. 
Llyr staggered from the effort to throw the spear, holding the open wound that would kill him.  I have failed.  Father will be pleased.  He fell down, making no attempt to get back up as he awaited death.
















CHAPTER ELEVEN


Pim flew into the air above the bushes. “Well, what do we have here?”
“What is it?”  As Rebecca walked up to the bush, she heard someone shout. “Who’s yelling?”
“There’s a large group of goblins shouting at an Aldri,” Pim told her. “What is he doing here?”
“What’s an Aldri?”  Rebecca searched for a place to look through the bush.
“Something that should not be here.” Pim looked down at Rebecca, muttering something she couldn’t hear.
She gave up looking for a gap in the bush.  She heard a lot of yelling and the sound of boots running.  She rushed to the edge of the bush and looked around it.  Down the path several goblins lay dead on the path, daggers protruding from each corpse.  The rest of the goblins were fighting something she couldn’t make out.  
Rebecca’s stomach lurched as a goblin shrieked, falling to the ground, its leg severed at the knee.  She turned and vomited at the sight of a sword coming through the back of another goblin.
She turned back to the fight and got her first look at the Aldri.  Two goblins were circling him while one stood away, watching.  The Aldri looked taller than her, with dark hair gathered in a small ponytail.  The ponytail was striped with red hair, starting on the back of his head.  Two lines of red spots ran down the back of his neck coming from under his hair.  He wore a leather tunic and wore a small pack on his back and multiple sheaths on his legs.  
The two goblins rushed him and he ran at the one he was facing, thrusting his sword into its chest, swinging the goblin around and throwing it into the other goblin.  He quickly killed the other goblin and as he turned to face the last goblin, the goblin threw its spear, hitting the Aldri in the chest.
The large goblin then walked over to the goblin that had its leg severed, picked up its sword and cut off its head.  Rebecca turned her stomach heaving again.  When she turned back, the last goblin was on the ground, its spear sticking out of its chest.  The Aldri was also on the ground, not moving.
Rebecca ran out from behind the bush, kneeling down beside the Aldri.
“What are you doing?”  Pim said, landing on her shoulder.
“We have to help him,” Rebecca told him.
“Why?”  Pim said. “We don’t know why he’s here; he could even be the one who’s after you.”
“You don’t know that.”
Pim flew down, landing next to the Aldri’s head. “Listen, the fact that he is here is bad enough.  Aldri are trouble for everyone; the fewer there are, the better off everyone else is.”
“How can you say that?  He is a living thing, with as much right to live as you.”
“I am glad you believe that but he does not.  You have no idea what his people have done, how many worlds they’ve ruined.”
“Maybe he’s different; you shouldn’t stereotype.”
Pim shook his head. “You don’t know anything about them.  Let him die.”
“I can’t do that.”
Pim looked at her. “Okay, what are you going to do?  You don’t have any potions or bandages and you can’t take him to one of your hospitals; they wouldn’t be able to see him.”
Rebecca examined the wound, becoming slightly queasy.  Swallowing, she realized Pim was right; there was nothing she could do. Basic first aid never covered spear wounds.  I hate feeling so helpless.
Tears began to form in her eyes as the memory of the accident that killed James came rushing to the surface.  Her legs were stuck, the steering wheel bent at an odd angle trapping them in place.  James’ door was bent in, his head hanging lifelessly to the side, blood dribbling from where it had hit the door.  All she could do was touch him and scream, trying to get him to wake up.
Rebecca fought against the tears, against the memory.  I must do something.  I won’t let this one die.  She suddenly felt something, something that wasn’t there when the accident had occurred.  Magic; I will use magic.
“Rebecca, what are you doing?”  Pim jumped up, hovering in front of her face.
“I’m going to save this person’s life.” Rebecca drew deeply on the magic around her, feeling the warmth again.
“You do not know how to control magic,” Pim said, his eyes serious. “You will kill him instead of healing him.”
“He’s going to die anyway, so there’s no harm in trying.”
“There is when you might kill yourself in the attempt.”
“If I die saving his life, then it’s worth it.”
Pim stared at her, thinking she had gone crazy.  Rebecca ignored him and put her hands on the Aldri’s wound.  How am I going to do this?  The fire is burning inside me.  He must be whole; no injury, simply be healed.
The magic inside her continued to churn, faster and faster; her breathing became shallow and sweat began to bead on her forehead.  Heal him, heal him.   She chanted this in her head over and over.  She felt the magic flow into her arms and into him, a connection forming.  She began to feel the magic begin to consume her. “HEAL HIM!”
The magic rushed out of her into him and he opened his eyes, his body arching.  His eyes closed, his body still once more. Rebecca dropped onto the ground beside him.
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Pim flew down beside Rebecca, lifting an eyelid.  Her eye shook a little and he let go of the eyelid.  “Stupid human, not listening to a word I say.”
He walked over to the Aldri, hopping up onto his chest.  The wound was completely healed, not even a scar.  Pim looked at the Aldri’s face. “I’m tempted to end your life right now.  But I will not, for the girl’s sake.  I hope you’re worth it.”
He looked around at the dead goblins and sighed. I suppose I’d better clean this up before any humans trip and hurt themselves.
First, he hid Rebecca and the Aldri behind the bushes and then took off his suit, folding it neatly.  He opened a pouch on his belt and began to sing, shrinking the suit until it fit in the pouch.  He pulled out a one-piece work suit, enlarged it and slipped it on.  He began to lift the goblin bodies, taking them away.
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Llyr opened his eyes, looking up at the blue sky through leafy branches.  Where am I?  Is this the afterlife?  An overwhelming hunger hit him, reminding him that it had been quite a while since his morning meal.  How can I be hungry if I’m dead?
He felt his leather tunic, dried blood flaking off as he felt for the wound where the spear had pierced him.  He sat up, looking down to where the wound should have been, How can this be?  I should be dead.
He looked around, his eyes widening when he saw the girl lying a few feet away.  She was asleep, her red hair spread out beneath her head.  He felt for his sword and panic rose within him when he didn’t find it in its sheath.  Frantically, he looked around for it, his alarm rising as he realized that his daggers were missing as well.  He jumped up, running through the bushes onto the path.  He stopped, seeing bloodstains on the ground but no bodies.  
This must be where I fought those goblins.  Why would looters take my weapons but leave me in my armor, with my pack and medallion?  He took a calming breath and felt for magic.  There is Caroba magic all over this place.  That Caroba that was with the girl must have taken my weapons.
Llyr stared off in the direction the Caroba had gone, the magical trail still strong.  I’ll wait here and see if it comes back to the girl.  First, I’ll finish my mission.
He reached down into and tapped on each of the dagger sheaths five times.  Right after the fifth tap, each dagger reappeared in the sheath.  He pulled out a dagger and walked back to where the girl was sleeping.
“You turned out to be a more difficult target than I expected, human,” Llyr whispered. “I think you would have been powerful, had you learned your craft; but we’ll never know.” He knelt beside her, his dagger plunging straight for her heart. 
Llyr stared at his hand, hanging motionless a foot above her chest.  He tensed his muscles, trying with all his might but his hand did not move.  He stood up, moving his arm around and studying his dagger intently.  Convinced that nothing was wrong with him or his weapon, he dropped to his knees beside the girl, using the motion to put as much force as possible into his blow.
Once again, his hand stopped a foot above the girl.  Had he not thrown his other arm out, he would have fallen right on top of the girl.  He stood up once more, glaring at his arm, feeling betrayed by it.  Maybe if I throw it at her.
He turned the dagger in his hand, grasping it better for throwing.  He cocked his arm back and swung it forward.  No dagger flew at the girl, his hand still gripping the dagger.
He knelt down, studying the girl.  There must be some sort of magic protecting her.  He felt for magic and found a large amount of magical residue around her but no active spells surrounding her.  The only active magic was a string connecting her to him.
Why is magic connecting us?  That doesn’t make any sense.  He looked down and picked up a small tree nut.  He tossed it at her, the nut bouncing off her side.
Llyr tried tossing the dagger in the same manner with a little more force but once again his hand did not let go.  He slipped the dagger back into its sheath and knelt beside the girl, placing his hands gently around her throat.
Try as he might, he could not tighten his hands.  He jumped up, his hands clenched at his side.  I’ll find the Caroba and get my sword back.  That sword is able to penetrate any magical defense; perhaps then I’ll be able to kill her. 
He found the Caroba’s magical trail and started to follow it.  After following it for a time, he started to feel a pull.  What now?
He looked around, only seeing a handful of humans.  The only magic he felt was the string that led back to the girl.  Energy pulsed along the string, throbbing throughout his body.  He started following the Caroba’s trail again but the farther away he got from the girl, the stronger the pull became.
Llyr stopped, each pulse along the string beginning to produce pain.  He turned around and walked back towards the girl.  The closer he got, the slower the pulses became and the weaker the pulls.  The girl still lay sleeping behind the bushes.  He sat down, studying her and the string of magic that connected them.
After a time, he found that an active magical aura surrounded both of them, fed by the string of magic.  Is it possible that she healed me and connected us in some manner, which stops me from killing her?  Does she know why I am here?  If she knows, why would she save me?
More questions poured through Llyr’s thoughts with no answers forthcoming, I will find out when she wakes.  Is it possible that Overwizard Aedan underestimated this human?
Llyr’s thoughts were interrupted by the sound of wings flapping, announcing the arrival of the Caroba.  The Caroba landed by the girl, ignoring Llyr.
Llyr stared at the Caroba. “Where is my sword, Caroba?”
The Caroba looked back at him. “It is safe.”
Llyr clenched his teeth. “I will have it back.”
“No, you will not.” The Caroba turned to face him. “I do not trust you, Aldri.”
“You know nothing of me, Caroba.”
“Exactly.” The Caroba flew up, hovering at eye level with Llyr. “Why are you here, Aldri?  Your race is not native to this world and your presence here is alarming.”
Llyr kept control of his face. I can’t tell him why I’m here.  He has a connection to the girl.
The girl moaned, breaking the tension.  The Caroba landed on the girl’s chest, studying her.  Her eyes opened slowly. “What happened?”
“You almost killed yourself,” the Caroba told her. “What happened to ‘I won’t use magic?’”
“I had to do something,” the girl said. “I couldn’t let him die.  Is he okay?”
“See for yourself” The Caroba looked at Llyr.
The girl looked at him. “He has no color in his irises.  I didn’t do that, did I?”
“No,” the Caroba said. “All Aldri have no color in their irises.”
The girl sat up, staring at Llyr. “Hello, nice to meet you,” She held her hand out to him, her thumb up and fingers close together.
Llyr looked at her hand and then at the Caroba, not sure what she wanted.
“You’re supposed to shake,” the Caroba told him. “It’s a form of greeting among humans.”
Llyr leaned back, not wanting to touch the human.
“What did you say to him?”  The girl asked the Caroba.
“I told him that he was supposed to shake your hand.  I don’t think he’s going to,” The Caroba said.
Llyr thought it strange that she asked the Caroba what he had said.  He had no interest becoming acquainted with the girl, so he focused his attention on the Caroba. “What do you plan to do with me?”
“Nothing right now,” the Caroba said. “I would be happy if you would leave.”
“I’m not leaving without my sword,” Llyr told him.
The Caroba began to speak when the girl interrupted. “What are you two saying?”
Llyr stared at her. How can she not understand?  We’re all speaking the same language.
“He wants to know what we’re going to do with him,” the Caroba told the girl.
The medallion underneath Llyr’s chest went cold. “Give me my sword and I’ll leave you in peace.”
The Caroba looked at him. “You never told me why you are here, Aldri.  Until you tell me, I will keep your sword.”
“I don’t need to explain myself to a Caroba,” Llyr said.
“Then leave,” the Caroba told him.
“Would you two speak in a language I can understand?”  the girl said, frustration in her voice.
The medallion became colder and Llyr remembered that it not only allowed him to speak to his brother but it also let him understand the language the humans spoke.
“It’s nothing you need to worry about, Rebecca,” the Caroba said. “Our guest will be leaving.”
Llyr glared at him and stalked away, not worried about finding them again.  The strange magical string connecting him to the girl would lead the way.  As soon as he was out of sight, the pulses and pulling started along the string.  I wonder if she feels it.  
He ducked behind a nearby bush, and after making sure no one was around, pulled out the medallion.
“What took you so long to answer?”  Daire said as soon as his image appeared.
“I had to get to a secluded area,” Llyr told him.
“So the girl’s dead,” Daire stated.
“No, she is not,” Llyr replied.
“Why not?”
“There have been complications.”
Daire’s face hardened. “Explain.”
“While searching for the girl, I had some encounters with the local goblins.  I thought nothing of them, but as I was about to kill the girl, a large group of goblins attacked me.  I killed them but was mortally wounded.  Next thing I know, I woke up next to the girl, my wounds healed.  When I attempted to kill the girl, I was unable to.”
“What?”
“Some form of magic is connecting us and prevents me from harming her.”
“How is it connecting you?”
“Whenever I am away from her, there is a pulse along the connection, pulling me toward her.  I could point to where she is right now.  The farther I am away from her, the stronger it is.”
Daire looked thoughtfully at him. “She must have linked your souls while healing you.  Is there anything else that happens with this link?”
“Not that I’ve noticed.”
“I need to talk to Overwizard Aedan about this,” Daire stated. concern in his eyes. “She is more powerful than we believed.  What you are describing is not easily accomplished.  Stay with the girl.  I’ll contact you as soon as I figure out what we are going to do about this.”
	“Is there any way you can make it so I can talk to the girl?”  Llyr said. “There is a Caroba with her and he will make things difficult if I have to communicate through him.”
Daire spoke a few command words and the medallion flashed brightly. “Is there anything else?”
“What should I tell her if she asks why I’m here?”
Daire pursed his lips, then smiled. “Tell her that you were sent to protect her against assassins sent by the Archwizard.”
Llyr’s eyes widen. “You want me to tell her that I’m a heretic.”
“Yes,” Daire said. “It is the perfect cover.”
“No, it’s not,” Llyr countered. “I’m not a heretic.”
“What else are you going to tell her?  The truth will only get you killed,” Daire waited for Llyr to reply but Llyr had no response.   “Stay close to her.  We’ll find a way to deal with this.” Daire’s image disappeared.  A heretic.  Llyr thought. How am I going to act like a heretic? 









CHAPTER TWELVE


Rebecca watched as the Aldri disappeared through the bushes. “What was his name?”
“I never asked,” Pim said, settling into the crook of a tree root. “I have no interest in knowing him.”
Rebecca stared at him, amazed at his dislike for the Aldri. “What do you have against him?  You don’t even know him.”
“I do not need to know him,” Pim explained. “In the brief time here, he showed that he is like all the others of his race; rude and arrogant, looking down on all other races.  He wouldn’t even shake your hand and those goblins came after him because he killed one of their clan.”
Rebecca sat down, troubled by Pim’s words. “You’ve never met an Aldri who was different?”
“I haven’t met many but they were all the same,” Pim told her. “The fact that he is here on this world is troubling.  He never would say why he was here.”
“Why is it so troubling that he is here?”  Rebecca said.
“Because Aldri ruin worlds,” Pim said, his eyes going distant. “They use all the resources on the world and pollute it with dark magic.  When the world can no longer support life, they move to a new world, leaving the ‘lesser races’ to fend for themselves.  On the new world, they kill and enslave the races that live there.” Pim looked at her, his eyes hard. “Now do you see why I am worried?”
Rebecca swallowed hard, growing nervous. “If he was after me, why didn’t he try to kill me?”
“I don’t know.  Part of it may be that I have his sword,” Pim smiled.
“You stole his sword?”
“I do not trust him, especially with a sword like this.”
Rebecca furrowed her brow. “What’s so special about his sword?”
Pim opened a small pouch on his belt and reached in, pulling out a tiny sword.
Rebecca leaned down, straining to see the miniature weapon. “His sword wasn’t that small.”
Pim rolled his eyes. “Of course it’s not that small.” He began to sing and the sword started to grow larger.
Rebecca looked on in amazement. “How much can you fit in that pouch?”
“As much as I want,” Pim told her, walking over to the sword, the metal sparkling in the light. “This sword is a masterpiece, some of the best workmanship I’ve ever seen and enchanted more than any other weapon I’ve known.  Examine it closely.”
Rebecca grasped the hilt, which was shaped like a red bird that she did not recognize. “What’s this bird?”
“A phoenix,” Pim told her. “A firebird of great power.  The blade is made of moon-metal.”
“Moon-metal?”
“A type of metal found only on worlds with three moons.  To preserve the magic of the metal, it must be mined when all three moons are full, which is rare.  To further enhance the sword’s power, it must have been forged in the light of three full moons.  This sword would have taken decades to make.”
Rebecca studied the elegant script that was inscribed on the blade. The script was shaped to appear as the tail feathers of the phoenix. “Why does it sparkle?”
“I am not sure; I have not had the time to investigate the powerful magic that imbues this sword.  I intend to attend to that as soon as I am able.” Pim’s eyes were wide with excitement.
Rebecca stared at him. “How?.”
“Carobas have ways of finding out about valuable things, and believe me, this has great value.”
Rebecca set the sword down. “The Aldri is going to be back for this, isn’t he?”
“Most likely.” Pim began to sing, shrinking the weapon.
“Are you going to give it to him?”
Pim put the weapon back into the pouch. “No, I wasn’t planning to.”
“You would keep it, knowing full well it isn’t yours?”
Pim shrugged.
Rebecca shook her head, wanting nothing more to do with this creature. “I need to go home; my parents are probably worried.”
“You never made a decision about what we were discussing.”
“I just did,” Rebecca said. “I’m not going to leave.  I’m not going to use magic.”
“Like you did with the Aldri?  Are you going to be able to stop yourself the next time you see someone in trouble?”
Rebecca opened her mouth then closed it, knowing she couldn’t say she would have the control.
Pim smiled at her silent acquiescence. “If you do not learn how to control magic, you will kill yourself and those around you.  The fact that you didn’t kill the Aldri is amazing; the next time you may not be so fortunate.  I know someone who would be able to teach you.  I will take you to him if you desire it.”
Rebecca rubbed her head, feeling a headache developing. “I need some time to think, and I know you’re going to say I don’t have time.  All I’m asking is one night; let me sleep on it.  Please?”
Pim gave her a small bow. “As you wish.”
Rebecca studied the strange creature. “Why are you helping me?”
“To satisfy my curiosity,” Pim told her. “There hasn’t been a human magic user of note for hundreds of years, and none I know of with the amount of power you seem to possess.  Yours will be a marvelous tale to tell someday.”
“You’re helping me because you are curious?” 
“Yes.”
Rebecca had a feeling he wasn’t telling her everything.  Before she could ask him another question, the Aldri walked through the bushes and stopped a few feet away from them.
Pim talked to him, using a language that Rebecca didn’t understand.
“I can’t leave,” the Aldri responded to Pim.
“Wait,” Rebecca said. “How is it that I can understand you now?”
“You understood him?”  Pim said.  Rebecca nodded and Pim turned an inquiring gaze to the Aldri.
“I have been in contact with my brethren and they have given me the means to understand and speak with you,” the Aldri told them.  Rebecca watched his mouth as he talked.  The shape his mouth was making didn’t match the words and the words ended after he stopped moving his mouth.
“Ah, you’ve been talking to your brethren,” Pim said. “Are you a forward scout, picking targets for your invasion force?”
“I…” the Aldri hesitated. “I…was not sent here by the Archwizard.  I am a member of those called heretics by the Archwizard and her minions.”
Pim studied him, the silence stretching on.
“May I know your name?”  Rebecca said, breaking the uncomfortable quiet.
The Aldri gave her an arrogant look. “My name is Llyr.”
“I’m Rebecca and this is Pim,” Rebecca said, smiling.
Pim finally spoke. “If your tale is true, Aldri, why did you not tell us this before?”
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Llyr met the Caroba’s stare, wanting nothing more than to cut the thing down. Carobas do not demand things of Aldri.  If I had my sword, I would teach this impudent creature a lesson.  “I did not know what your connection was to the girl,” Llyr said, keeping his voice under control. “Your choice not to relinquish my sword did not create any trust between us.”
“You are aware of the conditions you need to meet to retrieve your sword,” the Caroba said.
He wants to know why I’m here. Llyr searched through his memory, trying to remember everything about the heretics. Who knows why the heretics do anything?  They only oppose everything the Archwizard wishes to accomplish…that’s it.  “The Archwizard has marked the girl…Rebecca for death.  I have been sent to prevent that.”
Rebecca's eyes widened. “Why would this Archwizard want me dead?”
Her eyes are disturbing, almost dragon-like.  How many humans are like this one?  “Your magical powers are a threat to her plans,” Llyr told her.
“What are her plans?”  the Caroba said, his gaze still boring into the Aldri.
Llyr’s mouth tightened.  How am I to do this?  I’m no heretic and it is wrong to pretend to be one.  Yet, I need to follow the orders I have received.
“Is there a problem, Aldri?”  the Caroba pressed. “If you are here to prevent assassins from killing the girl, you must know what the Archwizard is planning for this world.”
“Not completely,” Llyr said. “All I know is other humans have been targeted and will be killed before the Archwizard moves forward with her plan.  I was sent to protect the…Rebecca because she was the priority target.”
The Caroba nodded. “Who are these other targets?  Will more heretics be sent to protect them?”
Llyr fought for control, hoping the fact that he was lying wasn’t showing on his face. “I don’t know who the other targets are and it had not yet been decided how many protectors would be sent to this world.  Our resources are limited.”
“Why are you concerned about my connection with her?”  the Caroba said.
“Carobas are not the most trustworthy of creatures,” Llyr said. “I had no idea if you were even connected to her at all.”
The Caroba burst out laughing, stopping after a couple of seconds. “Not trustworthy!  This is coming from an Aldri, a race that has betrayed more races on more worlds than this girl knows about.”
Llyr stood straighter. “The Aldri is an honorable race.”
“If the Aldri are such a noble race, with such great leaders, why are you opposing these leaders?”  the Caroba questioned.
Llyr closed his mouth, caught off guard by the question, I’m not a heretic.  “I am working to restore my race’s…dignity.”
“Of course you are,” the Caroba said.
“None of what you have said answers why this Archwizard wants me dead,” Rebecca said. “Why does he want me or anyone else killed?”
“The current Archwizard is female,” the Caroba corrected her.
Rebecca glared at the Caroba, who simply smiled.  She looked back at Llyr, waiting for his answer.
Llyr knew he had to answer but wanted to give as little information as possible. “To prepare for the Aldri invasion of this world.”
Rebecca’s facial expression changed to one of confusion. “How am I a threat to an invasion of this world?  Wouldn’t military bases be better targets?”
“I don’t know,” Llyr lied. “I am only doing what I was sent here to do.”
The Caroba threw a look at Llyr that said, You’re lying, and turned to Rebecca. “There are magical spells that would make the technology of human weapons fail.  With your weapons useless, the planet would be conquered with little effort.  The Aldri want to kill you and others like you because of your magical powers; you would be able to fight them.”
“I don’t want to fight anybody,” Rebecca said. “I only want to help people.”
“You may not have a choice,” the Caroba said. “Aldri, I will give you your sword and then you will leave.”
“I can’t leave,” Llyr replied.
”Rebecca does not require your protection,” the Caroba told him. “I will be able to protect her.”
“I am unable to leave because of a magical connection between Rebecca and myself,” Llyr explained in a tense voice.
The Caroba studied him for a moment and began to sing.  Llyr tensed, knowing that Carobas cast their spells through song.  After a few seconds, the Caroba stopped singing and studied Llyr, Rebecca and the space in between them.
“A soul link,” the Caroba said. “You must have created it when you healed him, Rebecca.  You said this is keeping you here, Aldri?”
“Yes,” Llyr responded. “A pulse begins along the string that connects us as I move farther away, pulling me towards her.”
“Interesting,” the Caroba said. “Rebecca, have you felt anything similar to that?”
“No, I haven’t,” Rebecca said.
“Is there any way to break the link?”  Llyr said.
“Short of killing one of you, no,” the Caroba replied.
“Then whether you like or not, I will be staying with you,” Llyr said.
The Caroba sighed and reached into his pouch, taking out Llyr’s sword and placing it on the ground.  He started to sing again and the sword began to get larger.
Llyr seized his sword as soon as the Caroba stopped singing. “If my sword has been ill-affected in any way, Caroba, you will know my wrath.”
“Your sword is fine, Aldri,” the Caroba said. “I would never harm such a valuable item.” 
The sword had no physical damage and the magical power within it felt the same.  Llyr looked at the Caroba and Rebecca, wondering if the sword’s magic would enable him to complete his mission.  He tensed his arm and tried to swing it, but once again his arm would not move.
It was worth a try.  Llyr relaxed and put the sword in its sheath.  Straightening, he saw that the Caroba and Rebecca had moved out of hearing and were talking to each other.  
Llyr slipped a smooth stone carved with runes out of his belt pouch and spoke a word of command.  His hearing became more sensitive, allowing him to hear the sounds of birds further away, the footfalls of the humans walking in the park, and the conversation between Rebecca and the Caroba.
“…I’m telling you he’s lying,” the Caroba said.
“If he’s lying, why hasn’t he killed me?”  Rebecca said. “You gave him his sword and he didn’t kill me.  He would have been able to do it before either of us could react.”
“He cannot kill you because of the soul link,” the Caroba explained to her. “Individuals who are soul linked cannot harm one another.  It is a common element of all soul links.”
“If he’s lying, what are we going to do with him?”
	“We need to send him away.  As long as he is with us, you are in danger.  He will be able to tell the other Aldri where you are.”
“He says he can’t leave.  Are you saying he’s lying about that?”
“I do not know.  Soul links are rare and the effects they have on individuals are unpredictable.  If he is telling the truth, you are in control of the link.  You may be able to tell him to leave.  If you are unable to, we will have to be careful of what we say around him.”
Rebecca glanced at Llyr. “Was he telling the truth about the invasion?  And about other people being targeted?”
“Those are the few things I believe,” the Caroba said. “I won’t be able to do anything about the other humans the Aldri intend to kill but I will be able to send some of my people to cast protective spells over the weapons you humans have.  The Aldri will have an unpleasant surprise waiting for them when they invade this world.”
“Why do you believe about the invasion?”
“Because he wouldn’t be here otherwise.  When we get you to the person I know of that will teach you magic, you will…”
“You said you would give me until tomorrow to make my decision,” Rebecca said, interrupting the Caroba.
The Caroba stared at her. “You still want to think about learning magic, even knowing that there are people who want to kill you?  Magic will help you defend yourself.”
	“I don’t want to rush into anything,” Rebecca told him. “I will think about it tonight and decide tomorrow morning.”
	“You will have to find a place for him to sleep,” the Caroba said. “You are the one that healed him, so you have to take care of him.” The Caroba began walking away.
“Where are you going?”  Rebecca called after him.
“I have some things to do.  I will find you tomorrow morning.”
This is not good, Llyr thought as he slid the stone back into his belt pouch, Overwizard Aedan will be most displeased.









CHAPTER THIRTEEN


Rebecca watched as Pim disappeared through the bushes and then turned to look at Llyr. What am I going to do?  I need to take care of this complete stranger, whom only I can see, who may want to kill me, with only the assurance of a mythical creature that he won’t be able to.  On top of all that, this same creature wants me to leave everything and learn magic.
She lifted her hand to rub her eyes but stopped, staring at it.  Dried blood covered most of her hands.  She shifted her gaze, looking at Llyr.  His long leather shirt was spattered with dark blood.  The area where his wound had been was a completely different color from the rest of the shirt, being saturated with his blood.
When I healed him, I didn’t even think about the blood.  I can’t go home like this; Mom will freak.  
“Follow me,” Rebecca said, walking over to Llyr. “I know a place where we can wash off this blood.”
Llyr nodded his head, waiting for her to lead the way.
Rebecca walked through the bushes, pausing and looking around before walking onto the trail.  There was little sign a fight had taken place, which Rebecca was grateful for.  She walked along the trail, trying to look normal.  It was hard, with a person only she could see right behind her and her hands hidden beneath her arms so no one would see the blood on them.  
“You can wash off the blood in there,” Rebecca said, directing him to the men’s restroom. “I’ll wash off in here.”
“Why do I have to go in there?”  Llyr said.
Rebecca stared at him in disbelief, He’s not from this world; I have to remember that. “That is the men’s room and this is the ladies’ room.”
She walked into the ladies’ room, leaving Llyr standing outside.  She hurried to the sink, trying not to breathe. Why do these bathrooms always stink?  She squirted soap into her right hand from the dispenser and turned on the water, getting her hands wet.
She scrubbed and scrubbed her hands, getting soap two more times.  She turned off the water and examined her hands.  Most of the blood had come off but a faint pink could still be seen. It’s better than it was.  I don’t think anyone will notice, and if they do, they won’t know it was blood.
She came out of the bathroom and didn’t see Llyr anywhere.  She went to the entrance to the men’s room and stood there, not sure what to do.  I don’t want to yell in.  If there is someone in there, they will think I’m crazy.  Going in would be embarrassing.  I’ll wait for a minute.
Rebecca got a drink from a nearby water fountain and sat down on a bench.  This has been a crazy day.  First feeling like I was turning into a statue, then being chased by a goblin, meeting a Caroba, learning I can use magic and now being stuck with this Aldri.  What am I supposed to do with him?  I can’t take him to the homeless shelter; how would I explain that they needed to keep a bed empty without giving a reason that they would understand?  I don’t have money for a hotel.  I guess I’ll have to take him home.
Llyr came out of the restroom and walked over to her. “Those are interesting devices you have in there.” His hands and face were clean and a good deal of the blood was washed off of his leather shirt.  
“What devices?”  Rebecca said.
“The bowls filled with water; after you push the handle, where does the water go?”  Llyr said.
“You mean the toilet,” Rebecca said. “Well, it goes through the pipes into the sewer system which delivers it to the treatment plant.”
Llyr looked at her. “What’s a sewer system?”
“It’s a system of pipes under the street.”
“When the water reaches this treatment plant, what happens?”
“It gets treated and cleaned.”
“How?”
Rebecca shrugged. “I don’t know; it’s not something I’ve taken the time to find out.”
“I see,” Llyr said, nodding. “Technology is very interesting.”
Rebecca stared at him. “Don’t your people have a way to dispose of your…waste?”
“Of course we do,” Llyr told her. “Adjacent to each home a pit is dug.  Acid is put in the bottom of the pit and a structure is placed over the pit, facilitating bodily functions.”
“Wouldn’t the acid dissolve the ground?”
“The pit is protected by a magical barrier.”
“Okay, but wouldn’t the acid eventually come back out of the pit?”
“When needed, servants siphon the excess acid and sell it to component vendors.”
“Why would anyone want to buy the acid you use to dissolve your crap?”
“The acid is broken down into components used in spell casting.”
Rebecca shook her head. “Why do you know all this?  You don’t seem the type to do that job.”
“I like to know what is going on around me,” Llyr said. “There are fewer surprises that way.”
Rebecca stood, about to say something else, when a woman came up to her. “Are you okay dear?”
“Yes, why?”  Rebecca told her.
“You are talking a lot to yourself; are you sure you’re okay?”
Rebecca remembered she was the only one that could see or hear Llyr. “I’m…practicing my lines for a play I’m in.  You have no need to worry.”
“Alright dear,” the woman said, walking away but looking back at Rebecca every few steps.
Rebecca watched the woman walk away. I have to make sure no one is around when I talk to these magical people.
 “What are we going to do now?”  Llyr said.
Rebecca looked at Llyr, annoyed. When I get my hands on you Pim, you’ll regret putting me in this position. 
“Follow me,” Rebecca told Llyr, her lips not moving.  She followed the park trail, exiting the park the same way she had entered when she had met Pim.  
“Where are we going?”  Llyr said.
Rebecca didn’t answer, only nodded her head to the people walking past her.  
“Are you going to answer my question?”  Llyr pressed.
“My apartment,” Rebecca answered, her lips not moving and her voice barely audible. “Don’t talk to me until I say you can.”
Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Llyr bow his head.  Rebecca walked as fast as she could down the sidewalk, anxious to get home.  Llyr kept pace with her, not saying a word.
Rebecca heaved a sigh of relief when she entered her apartment building. “I wonder if the spell has worn off.”
Llyr’s eyes flickered toward her. “What spell?”
“A spell was cast on this building that made it so everyone here couldn’t move,” Rebecca told him. “I guess we’ll find out when we get to my apartment.”
Rebecca went up the stairs, turning off at the second floor.  As she started down the hall, she noticed a lot of people moving around at the end of the hall.  What’s going on down there?  Are those police officers?
“Rebecca!”  Her mother came running down the hall and threw her arms around Rebecca, grasping her in a tight hug.
Rebecca stood there, shocked by her mother’s actions. “Hmmm, Mom, are you okay?”
A police officer came down the hall. “Mrs. Bray, is this your daughter?”
Mrs. Bray turned her face to the officer, wiping tears away, keeping one arm around Rebecca. “Yes, this is my daughter.”
The police officer pushed the button on the radio mic on his shoulder. “The Bray girl has been found.”
“Roger that,” came the reply.
“If you will come back to your apartment, we would like to ask you some questions,” the officer told Rebecca.
Rebecca nodded her head, letting her mom lead her back to the apartment.  Several neighbors were standing outside the door with relieved looks on their faces.  Inside the apartment, there were a couple more police officers with her father.  
As soon as she entered, her father came over and wrapped her in a bear hug. “We were so worried.”
Rebecca pushed her father out to arm’s length. “What’s going on?  Why are all these police here?”
“It’s been crazy, dear,” her mother started to say.
“Ma’am, if you’ll let me handle this,” the police officer said. “Miss Bray, there has been an unusual event here.  For several hours, everyone in this building was…frozen.  We were called down here to investigate and you were the only person who appeared to be missing.”
“Rebecca, why is there blood on your pants?”  Her mother exclaimed.
Rebecca looked down, noticing spots of blood on the knees of her pants, I must have knelt in some of Llyr’s blood. “There was a dog who was hurt at the park.  I tried to help him and must have knelt in some of his blood.”
“Wouldn’t there be blood on your hands as well?”  The police officer said.
“I washed my hands,” Rebecca explained. “I didn’t want to worry my parents.  I didn’t notice the blood on my pants.”
“You’re always helping something, aren’t you?”  her mother said in a resigned tone.  Rebecca smiled and shrugged her shoulders.
“So, you were at the park this whole time and had no knowledge of what was happening here?”
“No…I mean, yes.  Um,” Rebecca took a breath. “Yes, I was at the park this whole time.  No, I was not aware of what was going on.”
The officer wrote some things down on a notepad. “We already have your parents’ statements; if we have any further questions, we will contact you,” the police officers began to leave, and as the lead officer was exiting, he stopped and turned around. “What happened to the dog?”
“Um, he ran off.  He wouldn’t let me do much to help him,” Rebecca replied.
The Officer nodded. “If you think of anything else, we will be here taking statements for the rest of the afternoon.  If we’re gone, call the police department.”
Her father nodded. “We will.  Thank you for all you’ve done.”
“Our pleasure; have a good day,” the police officer left, closing the door.
Rebecca looked at her parents. “What happened?”
“I don’t know,” her mother said, walking over to the door and locking it.
“I sat down to watch the news and then it was over and some soap opera was on,” her father said. “I don’t remember watching any of it.”
“I was getting something down to make for lunch from the cupboard and I noticed the door was open.  I thought ‘Rebecca closed the door, I’m sure of it.  She always closes the door.’  I went to go shut it and policemen were coming up the stairs, saying something about everyone being frozen for hours.  ‘Not possible,’  I thought, but sure enough, it was two o’clock.  You left at noon and that was the last thing I remember.  We couldn’t find you anywhere and that’s when we started to panic.”
Rebecca looked up at the clock. “So, it’s been about an hour since the police came?”
“About that,” her father said, nodding. “I’m just glad you’re home and we can put this behind us.”
I wouldn’t be so sure about that.  Rebecca thought. Not if Pim’s right. “Aren’t you curious why this happened?”
“Of course I am,” her father said. “But I can’t do anything to find out why; I wouldn’t know where to start.  I’ll find out when the police figure out what happened.  It won’t happen again; it was a freak occurrence.”
Not if these Aldri are after me.  Where’s Llyr?  I totally forgot about him.  Rebecca looked around and found him sitting on one of the dining room chairs, watching them.
“What are you looking at?”  her mother asked, looking at the dining room.
“Nothing,” Rebecca said, cursing herself for not being careful. “I’m going to go into my room now.”
“Don’t you want something to eat?”  her mother said. “I still need to make lunch, even though it’s almost dinner time.”
Rebecca realized she was famished. “I’ll come back out and get something; I want to change my pants.”
“Of course, dear,” her mother said. “Make sure to soak that in cold water and put some stain remover on it; we wouldn’t want the stain to set.”
Rebecca nodded, throwing a look at Llyr.  Llyr stood up and made his way across the room, following her to her room.
 “You lied,” Llyr said after she closed the door.
“What?”  Rebecca said, staring at him.
“You lied about knowing about the spell and about the blood on your pants,” Llyr told her.
“Of course I lied,” Rebecca said. “I’m not proud of it.  The last time I lied to my parents, I was ten and got in huge trouble when they found out.  But what was I supposed to tell them? ‘You were frozen because aliens cast a magic spell over this place, which I resisted because I can use magic. That’s why they want to kill me.  I know all of this because of a Caroba, who only I can see, told me.  Oh, and the blood on my pants is from an alien whom I healed, who is here to protect me from other aliens, who only I can see.” Rebecca sat down on her bed. “They would send me to a madhouse.”
“Telling the truth is always the best way,” Llyr said, his words burning his conscience.
“I know,” Rebecca said, standing up and walking over to her chest of drawers. “I want to tell my parents, but Pim told me not to tell anyone, that they would think I’m crazy.  I half think I’m crazy.  But I’m not, am I?  My parents and the people in this building really were frozen.   Does this Archwizard really want me dead?”
“Yes,” Llyr answered.
Rebecca rubbed her eyes. “I have to decide what to do; stay here and possibly risk the lives of those I love or abandon everything I’ve worked for and leave those I love, in order to learn magic.” She pulled open a drawer and took out a clean pair of pants. “I’m going to go change.  Stay in here; I’ll bring back something to eat.”











CHAPTER FOURTEEN


Llyr stared at the bedroom door from where he sat on the floor, absently eating a piece of dried meat retrieved from his pack. This girl is so different.  That hair and those eyes are amazing.  Too bad she has to die.
He reviewed the events of the day, wondering where he had gone wrong, what had made his mission fail.  The encounters with the goblins ruined everything.  It’s always the unexpected that trips me up.
Now he was in unknown territory, pretending to be something he was not.  It was clear that he had not fooled the Caroba in the least and the girl was still unsure of him.  She appeared to not entirely trust the Caroba, either.  If I can earn her trust, that will stall the Caroba’s efforts to get rid of me.  How am I going to earn her trust?
He was still thinking about this when the girl came back into the room.
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Rebecca walked into the room, carrying two sandwiches and a couple of bottled waters.  Llyr was sitting on the floor, lost in thought.  She closed the door and sat across from Llyr.
“Here is a BLT and some water,” Rebecca said, handing him a sandwich and a bottle.
Llyr looked at the sandwich and then up to her. “BLT?”
Rebecca smiled. “Bacon, lettuce, and tomato; I also put a little mayo on it and a sprinkle of cheese.”
Llyr held the sandwich out at arm’s length, studying it as if it were some strange animal.
“Try it,” Rebecca said. “It’s good.” She took a bite of her sandwich, enjoying the taste.
Llyr watched her for a second and took a bite.  He chewed it slowly, his face thoughtful.
“Well?”  Rebecca said.
Llyr swallowed. “It’s good,” he took another bite, chewing normally.  He picked up the water bottle and studied the top. “How do you get the water out?”
“You twist,” Rebecca said, putting down her sandwich and picking up her bottle. “Like this.”
Llyr watched her open her bottle and repeated the motions with his.  “How long have you know this Caroba, Pim?”
“A few hours,” Rebecca said.
“And you trust him?”
“I don’t know,” Rebecca said, dusting the crumbs off her hands. “He’s helped me, I think.  I’d probably be dead if it wasn’t for him.”
“What are you paying him?”  Llyr said, putting down his empty bottle.
“Paying him?”
“Carobas always require payment for their services.”
“I’m not paying him anything.  I actually asked him what was in it for him.  He told me ‘to satisfy my curiosity’.”
“Then you are fortunate.  Carobas charge hefty fees for their services.”
“What services are those?”
“Information, mostly.  Carobas know everything that goes on around them, even things they’re not supposed to know about.”
	“Why is he helping me then?”
	“Wherever he’s planning to take you must somehow be profitable for him.”
	Rebecca took another bite of her sandwich, uncomfortable with the idea of being used for profit.  She glanced at Llyr, his intense gaze making her uneasy. “Why are you staring at me?”
 “Do many humans have eyes like yours?” Llyr replied
Rebecca shook her head. “No.  I’ve never met or heard about another person who was born with eyes like mine.”
“I’ve never seen eyes like yours and I’ve met many races.”
“Well, I have no idea why my eyes are the way they are.  I have no problems with my vision and doctors call it a genetic anomaly and haven’t worried about it.”
“Genetic?”  Llyr said slowly, trying out the unfamiliar word. “What is that?”
Rebecca took a deep breath. “Don’t worry about it; my eyes work fine and that’s all that matters.  Are all your people’s eyes like yours?”
“Yes, none of my people have color in their eyes.”
	“What about the red hair at the back of your head?  Is that dyed that way?”
“No, the red hair grows out of every Aldri’s ancestral markings.”
“Ancestral markings?”
Llyr turned, showing the two lines of red marks running down the back of his neck from under his hair. “These marks start at the peak of every Aldri head.  We are actually able to track our ancestry through the marks.  We receive a line from our father and a line from our mother.”
“Do the marks go all the way down your back?”
“All the way down to our feet.” 
“Wow,” Rebecca said.  She wasn’t sure what else to say, so she finished her sandwich and stood up, picking up the empty bottles.
“So, are you going to follow the Caroba’s advice and go to this teacher and learn magic?”  Llyr asked after she had put the bottles in the wastebasket.
Rebecca glanced at him. “I don’t know.  I only met Pim a few hours ago and he tells me that I can use magic and that there are people who want to kill me.  How am I a threat to them?  If I can use magic, I don’t know how to use it.”
Llyr didn’t say anything for a moment, a conflicted look on his face. “Maybe they don’t want you to learn how to use it.”
Rebecca’s face grew troubled. “Even if I started training today, it would be some time before I knew enough to be a significant threat.”
“But you would still be a threat.  Better to eliminate you now, when you are the most vulnerable.”
“These people sound horrible.  Do they consider themselves the apex of creation?”
“Yes.”
Rebecca got a sick feeling in her stomach, horrified that there were such people.  She had dealt with prejudice at school but it was small compared to this.  The only time she had heard about anything like this was in history texts or in the news.  Now she had people like that trying to kill her.
“What will the Aldri do when they invade?”
“They will kill and enslave all the races of this world,” Llyr answered in a matter-of-fact tone.
Rebecca stared at him, amazed he could be so calm. “How can you say that so lightly? It’s horrible.  Doesn’t it upset you in any way?”
“That is what will happen.  Getting upset accomplishes nothing.”
Rebecca shook her head. “I don’t want to talk about this anymore.  I feel very filthy and need to take a shower.  Please stay in here.” She got up and went to her closet, picking out some clothes.  With a glance at Llyr, she pulled down the spare blanket and pillow she kept above her clothes.
“Here’s some bedding.  I’ll be a while in the shower,” Rebecca left the room in a hurry.









CHAPTER FIFTEEN


Llyr stared out of the window from where he was lying on the floor, looking at the stars.  I wonder which star my home planet orbits.  I wonder when I will return.  Rebecca was on her bed, her rhythmic breathing indicating that she was asleep.
The rest of the afternoon and evening had been uneventful. Llyr had been confined to Rebecca’s room.  He had managed to find out a lot about her and about this world.  The wonders the humans had accomplished without magic were amazing.  He had been taught that technology was very limited, that it would never achieve the same level as magic.  
From what Llyr had learned, humans had bypassed the Aldri in many areas with their technology.  On his world, only the nobility and wealthy had access to the wonders that magic granted.  According to Rebecca, even the poor could take the bus, that long transport he had seen when he first arrived, for little money.  The lights in this place were powered by something called electricity, which most people had access to.  The enchanted liquids used to light the homes of the elite on his world were expensive, leaving the lower classes to use fires and torches to light their homes, that left a smoky film and stench in the house.
Most of all, Llyr was fascinated by the computer that Rebecca had shown him, connecting to something called the Internet.  So much information right at your fingertips, it was almost overwhelming.
Llyr shook his head, reminding himself that all of this technology would be gone, destroyed when his people conquered this world.  Why?  a part of him asked. There must be a way for magic and technology to coexist, to complement each other and lift one another to greater achievements.
No, technology is a threat to what we are and what we are trying to accomplish, Llyr told that part of himself, repeating what he had been taught in the Academy.
But look at these wonders…Llyr pushed the thoughts away, as he had done in the Academy when he wondered what he was being taught.  He had seen one of the brightest students in the Academy, one who had been expected to be a great wizard, taken away because he had asked too many questions.  He’d never found out what happened to him.
I must focus on the task at hand, following my orders.  Llyr would make his father proud.  His father was always pointing to Daire, how he never questioned anything, doing as he was told, as a proper Aldri should.  He would finally have his father’s pride.
The medallion went cold against his chest, surprising him.  He sat up, looking at Rebecca.  She appeared to be sound asleep, but not wanting to take a chance on waking her, Llyr stood up and quietly opened the door.
He looked up and down the hall, making sure Rebecca’s parents were not awake.  He carefully shut the bedroom door and made his way to the front door, unlocking it and exiting the apartment, closing the door behind him.
He took out the medallion and activated it.  Daire’s image appeared, his face haggard.
“Daire, you look horrible,” Llyr commented.
“I’ve been extremely busy trying to find a way to break a soul link,” Daire said.
“Let me guess; the only way to break the link if for one of us to die,” Llyr said. 
“How did you know that?”  Daire said.
“I told you there is a Caroba helping the girl.  He told me,” Llyr told him.
“There’s more to it than that.  When we kill the girl, there is a good chance you will die as well.”
“Knowing that the Overwizard is still planning on killing the girl?”
“Yes.”
“Is there a chance I will live?”
“A small chance.  Another Hunter will be sent in a few hours to complete the mission.”
Llyr could only shake his head at how easily the Overwizard was willing to sacrifice him. “Before you kill me, there are a few things you need to know.  The Caroba that was with the girl knew quite a bit about our people and has gone to enlist the aid of his kind in casting protective spells over the human weapons.  The anti-technology spell the Archwizard plans to cast before invading this world will not be effective.”
“What did you tell him?”
“I said that I have been sent to protect the girl.  When they asked why we wanted her dead, I said in preparation for an invasion.  You told me to act like a heretic and a heretic would not hesitate to inform the creatures of this world about the impending invasion.  I did not give any details but I had to tell them something to maintain the façade.  The Caroba decided to protect the human weapons on his own.”
Daire’s face grew troubled and he bit his lower lip. “This is not good; if the humans are able to fight back with their weapons, it disrupts the invasion’s entire timetable, making the whole plan useless.  The Overwizard is not going to be happy about this.  What were you thinking?  How could you give them that information?”  
“I was scrambling to convince the Caroba that I wasn’t a threat so I would be able to stay near the girl, like you told me to,” Llyr told Daire. “What else was I supposed to do?  If I had tried to hide anything, the Caroba would have convinced the girl to leave me behind.”
“You shouldn’t have told them that.  This is going to disrupt our plans,” Daire ran his hand through his hair, messing it up. “Is there anything else you wish to drop in my lap?”
“The Caroba claims to know someone who is able to teach the girl to use her abilities and is trying to persuade her to go to this teacher.  I was under the impression that there was no one on this world who could teach magic.  Was I wrong?”
“No, you weren’t wrong,” Daire said. “We searched that world very thoroughly, making sure there was no one who would be able to teach magic.  We detected none.” He did not say anything for a while, his brow furrowed in thought. “We are going to have to postpone killing the girl.”
That means I’ll be alive for a while longer.  Llyr thought to himself. “Why?”
 “Finding out who this human is who can teach her is far more important than killing her.”
“But that means I’m going to have to stay here, with her,” Llyr was beginning to get frustrated.
“Yes, Llyr, it does.  Being in the service of our people often requires us to do things that make us uncomfortable.”
“I don’t understand why I need to be here to find this human wizard.”
“Your understanding is not required; you only need to follow orders.”
“No you don’t, not this time,” Llyr stated, leaning forward. “I’ve heard that excuse too many times.  You are going to tell me why.”
Daire’s eyes tighten. “I don’t care for your tone, Hunter.”
“I don’t care if you don’t care, Wizard.  You will tell me why.”
“Father always said wanting to know why always got you into trouble.”
“Some things never change.”
They stared at one another, the seconds stretching out until Llyr finally spoke. “Daire, if I’m going to be required to lie, act like I’m a Heretic, and protect the one I was sent to kill, I feel I deserve to know why I am ignoring my honor.”
Daire looked away for a moment before answering. “Very well, but tell no one I told you this.  You are in a position to find this wizard quickly and with little effort.  As I said, we magically searched that world multiple times; the Archwizard herself searched that world before approving your mission.  The fact that we did not find this wizard tells me he has erected defenses of great power.  This indicates that he is powerful and has great knowledge about the flows of magic. Even knowing that this wizard exists, it could take us months, even years, to find him.  That’s time we don’t have.
“If this Caroba will take this girl to be trained, you could save us more than just time, you could save lives.  Once you tell us where this wizard is, we will send a party to kill him and the girl.  You will be able to return with them.  Is that clear enough for you?”
“Yes,” Llyr said. “Thank you for telling me.  Do you have any other orders for me?”
“No,” Daire said. “Stay close to the girl and make sure she goes to be trained by this human wizard.  Your failure to kill her may actually be of greater value to us.  Do you have any other questions for me?”
“Is there any information I can give to them, especially to the Caroba?  He doesn’t trust me and wants to get rid of me.”
“That could be a problem.” Daire thought for a moment. “Tomorrow morning we are sending another Hunter to kill a human in the same general area where you are located.  You will intercept and stop him from completing his mission.”
“You will inform him about the situation.”
“I think not.”
“Why not?”
“To keep the encounter realistic.  You said that the Caroba doesn’t trust you; we want to keep the Hunter’s reaction to your arrival genuine.”
Llyr sighed. “So you want me to stop him from killing the human and then run him off?”
“Yes.”
“How am I going to do that without injuring him?”
“You’ll probably have to injure him; make sure you don’t kill him.”
“Of course; Aldri do not kill Aldri.” Llyr rubbed his eyes. “Where will his target be?”
“At a place called Washington Park in the city where you are.  We will immobilize her and only her.  You should be able to feel the magical field and find her quickly.”
“Is there anything else?”
“No; be well, brother, and do not fail again,” Daire’s image disappeared.
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Rebecca soared above the clouds, the cool air running over her body.  She looked back, down her long body, at the huge wings that stuck out to either side of her, keeping her aloft.  She looked down, seeing long, black lines on the landscape, little dots running along the lines, white clouds occasionally blocking her view.  She dove in and out of them, enjoying the damp sensation.  Below her, a large field spread along the dark road and a herd of cattle grazed in the field.
Her stomach growled at the sight of the cattle and she tucked her wings to her side, diving straight down, the air rushing past her, flooding her ears with noise.  She flared her wings right before she hit the ground, her claws digging into the earth.  Her long neck shot forward and she snapped up a cow in her mouth, her long teeth sinking into soft flesh.  The warm, salty blood flowed onto her tongue, tantalizing her taste buds, and out of the corner of her mouth.  Nothing ever tasted so wond…
Rebecca woke with a start, sitting up, her breathing heavy.  What was that?  I’ve never had a dream that was so vivid.  She felt something wet on the side of her cheek and she quickly wiped it off, looking at her hand.  Drool…I was drooling in my sleep.
She laughed at herself, You would think I’m six, waking up because of a dream.  She was about to lie down when she saw two red eyes staring at her from the edge of her bed.  Her breath caught and she was about to scream…
“Are you okay, Rebecca?”  Pim asked.
Rebecca started to breathe again, taking a deep first breath. “Pim, don’t do that to me.” She grabbed her pillow behind her and threw it at the Caroba.
The pillow hit Pim right in the face, knocking him off his perch.  Rebecca rushed to the edge of her bed, peering over.
“Are you okay?”  she asked, taking the pillow off him.
“Yes, it was only a pillow,” Pim said, hopping up. “Though you need to remember, I’m not that big; it doesn’t take much to knock me down,” He began to dust himself off and then flew across the room, flipping on the light switch.
“Ahhh,” Rebecca said, covering her stinging eyes. “You could have warned me.”
“Sorry,” Pim said, standing in front of her mirror and looking at the back of his suit. “I need to make sure this suit isn’t dirty; I just put it on.”
Rebecca shook her head, not believing that a creature like Pim could be so concerned with his clothes.  She opened her eyes slowly, allowing them to get used to the light.
Pim finished his preening and turned to her. “Where’s the Aldri?”
Rebecca looked at the empty bedding on the floor and shrugged her shoulders. “I don’t know.  He was on the floor when I fell asleep.”
“He’ll be back,” Pim said. “He couldn’t have gone that far, especially if he was telling the truth about being drawn back to you.  It’s actually better that he is not here.”
“Why’s that?”  Rebecca said.
Pim looked at her seriously. “Two other humans were killed today; one in Japan, the other in Italy.  Both were immobilized and at one an Aldri was spotted leaving.”
“There were no protectors?”  Rebecca said, feeling a little nervous.
“No, there were no protectors,” Pim confirmed. “I do not believe his story; I think that he was sent to kill you and by chance, you have made it so he cannot accomplish his mission.”
“How do you know?”  Rebecca said.
“It’s just a feeling,” Pim said. “I have no proof.”
Rebecca leaned against the wall, looking at the ceiling. “He seems nice.  We talked about a lot of things this afternoon; he was very interested in the technology humans have.”
Pim stared at her. “You need to make sure you stay emotionally detached from him; it will save you a lot of pain in the end.  What is most important right now is to get you trained.  You could make a big difference in the fight against the Aldri when they invade.”
“I don’t want to fight your war,” Rebecca told him. “If that’s the only reason you want me to learn magic, then the answer is no.  There must be a way to talk to these people and reach a peaceful coexistence.”
“If they wanted a peaceful coexistence, they wouldn’t be sending assassins to kill you,” Pim told her. “This war is more yours than it is mine.  I could…”
The door handle turning drew their attention and Llyr walked through the door.  He stopped when he saw the Caroba. “You’re back.”
“Yes, I’m back,” Pim said, a condescending smile on his face. “Where have you been, Aldri?”
Llyr ignored Pim and directed his attention to Rebecca. “Did he wake you?”
“No, he did not,” Rebecca said. “Where have you been?”
“My brethren contacted me,” Llyr told her. “I left the room so I would not wake you with the noise of my discussion.”
“What did they say?”  Pim asked.
Llyr didn’t look at Pim, keeping his attention on Rebecca.
Rebecca sighed, feeling like she was in elementary school again. “Why did they contact you?”
“Another human in this area is going to be attacked tomorrow.  They ordered me to intercept the assassin.”
“Why didn’t your people protect those other two humans that were killed today?”  Pim said.
Llyr again ignored the Caroba and Rebecca had had enough.
“Llyr, you are acting like a child.  Answer Pim’s question please.”
Llyr bowed his head to Rebecca. “Forgive me.” He turned to Pim. “Our resources are limited, Caroba.  We cannot protect every human.  Rebecca was the priority target, so we chose to protect her.  This other human is nearby and I will be able to protect her as well.”
“Wait,” Rebecca said. “To protect her, you will need me to come along, won’t you?”
Llyr nodded.
“There must be some way to get to this person without having to fight,” Rebecca reasoned. “Do you know where this person lives or what they look like?”
“No, I do not,” Llyr said. “I was told that they would hit their target at Washington Park in the morning.”
“That is vague direction,” Pim said. “There is a good chance the assassin will reach the person before we do.”
Llyr nodded.
“How will we know who it is?”  Rebecca said.
“She will be the only person immobilized,” Llyr told her. “The magical energy created by the spell will guide me to her.”
Rebecca looked at the clock, which read 1:03. “We might as well get some more sleep.  If we get up early and head over to Washington Park, maybe we’ll be able to find this person before the assassin does.”










CHAPTER SIXTEEN 


“This is like looking for a needle in a haystack,” Rebecca mumbled later that morning. “Only the needle looks like the hay.”
She looked around, studying every person she saw in the park:  a couple jogging together, an older man walking his dog, a woman feeding some birds.  There weren’t a lot of people, but how did she know which one was the one the Aldri were after?
“Is there any way we tell if a person has magical abilities?”  Rebecca asked Pim, who was once again hitching a ride on her shoulder.
“None that I know of,” Pim replied. “How do the Aldri do it?”
“I don’t know,” Llyr answered. “I’m not a wizard.”
Rebecca sighed. “How are we supposed to find her?”
“We will just have to wait until the Aldri cast their spell,” Pim said, not sounding concerned. “I will then be able to lead us to the person.”
“As will I,” Llyr said.
“But we’ll most likely get there at about the same time as the assassin,” Rebecca said, frustration in her voice. “We came early in order to find their target and avoid a fight.”
Pim shook his head. “Rebecca, there was never any chance of us finding this person before the spell was cast.  We have no idea who the person is.  We are here this early because we do not know when the spell will be cast.”
“Besides, if we could find this person before the spell was cast, what would you say to them?  Aliens want to kill you because you’re able to use magic.  Would you have believed somebody if they told you that before you could see me?”
 “No, I wouldn’t.”
“Perhaps our being there will dissuade the assassin,” Llyr put in. “He will not be expecting any resistance.”
Rebecca smiled, grateful for his encouragement.  Llyr suddenly turned, his eyes alert.  At the same time, Pim looked in the same direction, his wings going stiff.
“The spell has been cast,” Llyr said. “Follow me.” Llyr ran at full speed across the park.
Rebecca ran after him, having trouble keeping up.  Llyr dodged easily around people and trash cans, hurdling a park bench.  Rebecca tried to keep him in sight, realizing she would not catch him.  She finally came to a large grassy area, where Llyr was standing by a girl sitting on the ground, her head bent, staring at the pages of a book.
“Is this the person?”  Rebecca asked between breaths.
“Yes,” Llyr said, his eyes scanning for the assassin.
Rebecca glared at Llyr, who hardly seemed to notice his sprint while she was out of breath, And I thought I was in good shape.
“What is going on here?”  Pim asked, studying the girl who was immobilized.
“This is the girl,” Rebecca said, a little confused by Pim’s question.
“Not that,” Pim said. “The energy of the spell is being drawn into her.”
“But she’s immobilized,” Rebecca said. “How can she be drawing on the energy?  I didn’t even realize the spell was around me when it was cast around me.”
“Yes, you did,” Pim told her. “Unconsciously anyway; that is why you resisted that spell.”
“Oh, I guess that makes sense,” Rebecca replied. “Does this mean she is going to die because she can’t release the magic?”
“I do not believe so,” Pim said, moving closer to the girl. “The energy isn’t active.  It is like it is being stored.  I’ve never felt anything like it in a living being.”
“Well, that’s wonderful and everything, but can you make her so she’s not frozen anymore?”
Pim looked up Rebecca. “No need.  The spell should keep her immobilized for at least an hour but at the rate she is draining its energy, it will be dispelled shortly.  It would take me longer to cast the appropriate counter.”
Llyr abruptly drew his sword, swinging it in front of him, the flat of the blade facing out.  A loud clang sounded, an arrow fell to the ground several feet away from him.  He sprinted in the direction from which the arrow had come.
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Llyr deflected another arrow, this one aimed at him.  He broke through some bushes and was face to face with the bowman.
The bowman had another arrow notched, the fletching pulled back to his cheek and had a surprised look on his face. “Llyr, what are you doing?”
“Aeron,” Llyr said, as surprised to see him. “I don’t have time to explain but you need to get out of here.”
“I need to finish my task,” Aeron said, lowering his bow a little. “Why did you deflect my arrow?”
“I’m acting on orders,” Llyr told him. “Things have changed and what I am doing is necessary.”
“Why would they tell me to kill this girl and you to save her?”  Aeron said. “I heard that something had happened, that the carefully laid plans needed to be changed.” He raised his bow again. “It’s because of you, isn’t it?  You betrayed us to these humans.” His face tightened and he pulled on the bowstring.
Llyr swung his sword, splintering the bow before Aeron had a chance to release the arrow. “Don’t make me hurt you, Aeron.  The Overwizard will be able to explain everything when you return home.”
“Nothing needs to be explained, Llyr.” Aeron dropped his broken bow and drew his sword. “You are a Heretic and must be purged.”
Llyr brought his sword blade in front of him, moving into a defensive stance. “You must believe me, Aeron.  I have been ordered to do this.” 
“Heretic lies,” Aeron spat at him. “You will spread your heresy no longer.”
“What are you doing?”  Llyr said as he intercepted Aeron’s first swing. “Aldri do not kill other Aldri.”
“You are no longer truly Aldri.” Aeron swung his sword, bringing it up and across.
Llyr blocked the swing, stepping forward. He forced Aeron’s sword wide, putting his foot behind Aeron’s leg and ramming him with his shoulder.  Aeron fell backward onto the ground and Llyr retreated out of the confined space.
I need more room to work if I’m going to only wound him.  Aeron burst out of the bushes, jabbing with his sword.  Llyr backed away, blocking the jabs.  He caught Aeron’s sword with his own and twisted, throwing it out wide again, leaving Aeron wide open.  Llyr fell back into his defensive stance, waiting for Aeron’s next move.
“You should have taken the openings to kill me, Heretic,” Aeron said, circling Llyr. “They will be the last chances you get.”
“I don’t want to kill you.” 
“But I will kill you.”
Aeron rushed forward, swinging his sword in short cuts and jabs, not allowing Llyr to maneuver.  Llyr moved his feet, bring his sword back and forth, blocking, looking for an opening where he could wound his friend.
Aeron swung his sword to the right but reversed direction midswing.  Llyr’s sword was too far out of place to block the change in direction and he jumped back, his leather tunic getting sliced, scratching his stomach.
“How many will you be able to dodge?”  Aeron taunted.
Llyr burst forward, his sword slashing down.  Aeron blocked the blow, not expecting the attack.  Llyr jabbed up, jabbed down, and slid his sword across Aeron’s blade, cutting his shoulder.
Aeron moved to the right; Llyr sensed the move and turned, his sword slashing low to injure the leg.  What Llyr didn’t count on was Aeron rolling; Llyr’s blade cut through Aeron’s neck instead of his leg.
Aeron tumbled to the ground and Llyr turned. “You need…No, NO!”  Llyr dropped his sword and knelt down, cradling his friend’s head, whose lifeblood was spilling onto the grass.
“Aeron, Aeron, hang in there.” Aeron looked at him, the life draining from his eyes.  “NOOO!”  Llyr held his friend, tears flowing down his cheek.
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Rebecca watched Llyr disappear through the bushes and turned back to the girl who was still immobilized. “What can we do to help her?”
“Nothing,” Pim said. “The spell will dissipate soon.”
“Should we go help Llyr?”  Rebecca said, throwing a concerned look toward the bushes Llyr went through.
“He can handle himself,” Pim replied, settling onto the grass. “We would only get in his way.”
Llyr burst back through the bushes, turning to face them, his sword ready.  Another Aldri came through the bushes, attacking Llyr.  Rebecca jumped up and started to run toward the fighting Aldri.  
Pim shot in front of her, holding hands up. “What are you doing?”  
“I have to help him,” Rebecca told him.
“You would only distract him,” Pim said. “which would prove fatal, for both of you.”
Rebecca looked around Pim, seeing Llyr barely dodge a swing at his midsection. “I have to stop them before one of them gets hurt.”
“What is that?”  someone exclaimed behind her.
Rebecca turned around to find that the girl was no longer sitting motionless on the grass.  She was staring wide-eyed at Pim, backing away.
“I’ll explain what he is but you need to calm down,” Rebecca told her. “If you’ll just sit down…”
“NOOO!”
Llyr’s yell made Rebecca forget about the girl.  She turned around to see Llyr kneeling on the grass, the other Aldri’s head cradled in his arms.  Even from where Rebecca was standing, she could see blood pouring out of the wound in the Aldri’s neck.
“Oh no,” Rebecca whispered, breaking into a run.
She slid down beside Llyr, her arms shaking.  The wound in the Aldri’s neck was large, a major artery severed.  The helpless feeling that she felt during the car crash began to come over her again.  She began to put her hands on the wound but Llyr grabbed her wrist.
“Don’t,” Llyr said, his eyes weary. “He is already dead.”
“No, no, it can’t be,” Rebecca said, her emotions beginning to overwhelm her.
Llyr let go of her wrist and closed the eyes of the Aldri. “It is how it is.”
Rebecca broke down in tears, the emotions of the crash completely overwhelming her.  Pim dropped down beside her, putting his small arm around her.
“We have to call the police,” the girl who had been immobilized said.
Llyr looked up at her and she backed away. “Who are these…police?”
The girl stared at Llyr and then at Pim. “What are you two?”
Rebecca sat back up, wiping the tears from her eyes. “They are creatures of magic.  The police won’t be of any help; they wouldn’t be able to see them anyway.”
“What do you mean, wouldn’t be able to see them?”  the girl said. “I see them just fine.”
A couple of young men came running across the field. “Do you need help?”
“No,” Rebecca told them. “I’m fine.  Thank you for asking.”
They smiled. “We’re having a little get together; would you two like to join us?”
“No, no, we have to be somewhere,” Rebecca replied. “Thank you for the offer.”
“Are you sure?”  they pressed. “We have good food and we’re playing some ultimate Frisbee; it’s gonna be fun.”
“We really have to be somewhere, thank you,” Rebecca said.
“Okay; if you change your mind, we’re right over there.” The young men left, jogging back to their friends.
The girl was staring at them, blank amazement on her face. “W-w-why couldn’t they see them?”
“This isn’t the place to be having this conversation,” Pim said. “We need to get out of here in case there are any more Aldri around.”
“We’ll go back to my apartment,” Rebecca said. “Though we’ll have to wait for the bus.”
“That will have to do.  Let’s get going.”
“What are we going to do about him?”  Llyr said, nodding to the body.
“We leave it,” Pim said.
“That’s unacceptable.  I will not leave him for the scavengers.” 
“We do not have time to bury him.”
“Then burn him.”
Pim and Llyr glared at each other for a minute before Pim threw up his hands. “Fine, I’ll burn him.”
 Llyr nodded and bent, taking the sword sheath off of the corpse's belt.  “Goodbye, my friend,” Llyr whispered, standing up and retrieving the sword from where it lay.
Pim began to sing and the body burst into flames.  The flames were so hot that Rebecca had to back away.
“Let us go,” Pim said.
“We can’t just leave a fire burning,” Rebecca said.
“It will not spread,” Pim assured her.
“If you say so,” Rebecca said, turning to talk to the other girl.  “Umm, where she’d go?”
The girl they had saved was no longer by them.  Pim jumped above Rebecca’s head looking around. “There she is,” Pim said, pointing. “She’s running.  Llyr, catch her.”
Llyr sprinted after her, his long legs devouring the distance between them.  Rebecca ran after them, catching up after Llyr had the girl pinned face down on the ground with her arm wrenched behind her back.
“What are you doing?”  The girl squealed and squirmed. “Let me go.”
Rebecca shushed her. “You’re making a scene.”  She looked around and, sure enough, several people were staring at them with confused looks on their faces.
“Then tell your friend to let go of me,” the girl growled.
Rebecca nodded quickly to Llyr, who let go of her arm and backed away.
The girl jumped up, fury on her face. “How dare you…”
“You need to calm down,” Pim said, interrupting her.
The girl’s eyes went even wider, which Rebecca didn’t think was possible. “Calm down?  Calm down!  You’re the ones who jumped me.  I think I have a right…”
“Is there a problem here?”  a voice said behind them.
Rebecca turned and groaned a little at the sight of the police officer, This is the last thing we need.
“Yes, officer, there is a problem,” the girl said. “These…things are harassing me.” She pointed to Llyr and Pim.
The officer looked to where she had pointed, a puzzled look on his face. “Things, ma’am?”
 “Yes, they’re right there, can’t you see them?”  the girl said, almost hitting Pim as she swung her arm, pointing at him.
“All I see in that direction is grass and trees.  Do you need me to escort you somewhere?”
“No,” Rebecca said, butting in before the girl could say anything more. “My friend just forgot to take her medications this morning.  I came to give them to her.”
The Officer looked at Rebecca suspiciously before turning back to the girl. “Is that true?”
The girl stared at the Officer for a few seconds before answering. “Yes, it is.”
“Fine; you go home and take your medication.  If I see you back in the park, I’ll escort you home.” The officer walked away, eyeing them suspiciously.
“Why couldn’t he see them?”  The girl asked.
“Not here,” Pim said, landing on Rebecca’s shoulder. “Do you live near here?”
The girl nodded.
“We will explain everything once we get to your house.”












CHAPTER SEVENTEEN


The walk to the girl’s small two-story house was silent.  She led them into the living room, dropping her books onto a scratched up coffee table.  “Have a seat,” she said as she sat down in an old brown recliner.
 Rebecca sat down in a newer looking blue love seat.  There was also a gray couch, all three pieces of furniture facing the coffee table.  The room was devoid of any decoration and an open portal led to a dining area with a small table with four mismatched chairs.
“Where is the room with the…toilet?”  Llyr said. “I must relieve myself.”
“Go up the stairs, turn left and it’s the second door on the right.”
Llyr gave her a nod and left the room.  The girl looked after him, apprehension on her face.
“I do believe introductions are in order,” Pim said, settling down on the coffee table in front of her. “You may call me Pim.  This young lady is Rebecca Bray and our Aldri associate’s name is Llyr.  What might your name be?”
“Natalie,” the girl said.
“Natalie…?”
“Natalie Blake.”
“It is a pleasure to meet you, Natalie Blake,” Pim bowed to her. “I am sure you have many questions.  Which would you like answered first?”
“What are you?  You look like an imp with an identity crisis.”
Rebecca chuckled, drawing a glare from Pim, which caused her to chuckle more.
“If the clothes you were wearing were green, I would say you were trying to look like a leprechaun,” Natalie continued, encouraged by Rebecca’s chuckles.
“I will have you know that tales of imps and leprechauns both find their origin in my people,” Pim said.
“I don’t ever remember reading about leprechauns with bat wings,” Natalie said.
“That is because several thousand years ago some of my kin impulsively cut off their wings in the name of fashion.”
“Fashion?”
“Yes, fashion.  My people are very fashion conscious and, like many humans, will go to great lengths to follow the latest trend.  At that time, the trend was to hide our wings.  Some took it to extremes, cutting off their wings, changing their appearance forever and giving birth to the legend of the leprechauns.”
“Enough about my people; we are here to discuss what you are going to do now that your abilities have awakened.”
“Do?  I’m going to do what I’ve always done.  These abilities you claim that I possess don’t change the fact that I’m starting college in a few days, that I have a job I need to go to.  My responsibilities are no different than they were before.”
“That is where you are wrong.” Pim sighed with frustration, glancing at Rebecca. “You humans are so stubborn; you have to realize that these abilities are not like your green eyes or her red hair.  It will shape your future from this point on.  Whether you like it or not, you are part of a different world now; normal human matters no longer concern you.”
Natalie stared at him for a second before answering. “Isn’t that for me to decide?”
Pim put his face into his hand, shaking his head. “Neither of you seem to understand.  That choice was made for you the minute the Aldri decided to kill you.  If you do not learn to use your magical abilities, they will succeed.  I can only do so much to protect you.” 
“Why is this happening?”  Natalie asked. “Why have I been singled out by these…Aldri?  Why couldn’t I see you before?  Why can I suddenly use magic?”
“I will answer those questions as best I can.  1500 years ago, Merlin, the greatest human wizard ever to live, cast a spell…” 
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Llyr entered the bathroom, locking the door behind him.  Pink towels hung on bars to his left.  The counter around the sink was filled with bottles and other odd devices, the smell of flowers in the air.
He sat down on the toilet and took out the medallion, holding it in his hands and feeling the cold that meant his brother wanted to talk to him
I have killed another Aldri. Llyr thought as he stared at the medallion, I have disgraced myself and my family.  Father always said I would bring disgrace with my ways but it was not my questioning that brought me to this. The medallion grew colder, his hands beginning to hurt from holding it.  I don’t want to speak to you brother.
He sighed and let the medallion fall against his chest, activating it.
“What have you done, Llyr?”  Daire asked without any pretense. “I told you to drive him off, not kill him.”
“You didn’t tell Aeron that I would be confronting him,” Llyr answered. “Why didn’t you tell him?”
“I told you I wouldn’t tell him,” Daire replied. “The encounter had to look authentic, especially to the Caroba.”
“The Caroba couldn’t even see us when I was talking to Aeron,” Llyr explained. “We were in some bushes, hidden from view.  I tried to explain what was going on but all he could see was a heretic that needed to die.”
“You were supposed to wound him, Llyr, not kill him.”
Llyr chuckled bitterly. “Combat is never that straightforward, brother.  You should know that.  I meant to wound him but he rolled instead of taking a side step.  My blade went through his neck instead of his leg.”
Daire raised his eyebrows. “You’re saying this was an accident.”
Llyr nodded. “I read him wrong and he died.  That is probably the only time I will be able to say that about the person I was fighting.” 
“You have put me in a difficult situation, brother.  I have reported what happened to Overwizard Aedan and he has commanded me to keep your mission a secret when I tell Overwizard Aodh that his son is dead.”
Llyr stared at Daire, not believing what he was hearing. “You’re not going to tell them that I did this under orders, that it was not intentional.”
“No.”
“I will be declared a heretic before the entire Convocation.  This will bring great disgrace to our family.”
	“Yes; you see the problem I have.  I will be watched closely by the Watchers and yet will still need to keep in contact with you, as ordered by the Overwizard.  If I am caught communicating with you, they will imprison me and bring further disgrace to our family, perhaps enough that Father will lose his seat in the Convocation.”
“You are going to tell Father the truth about the situation?”
“I have been commanded to tell no one.”
Llyr struggled to contain the anger that was brewing in him. “You have to tell him; Father must know that I would not disgrace our family in this way.”
“I cannot disobey my orders, Llyr.  You will have to deal with Father’s disappointment for the time being.”
Llyr hit the wall, his anger boiling over. “I’m not worried about Father’s disappointment; he has always been disappointed in me.  I’m worried what he will do once I’m proclaimed a heretic.  He is not one to sit idly by and let things pass.  He will send others to retrieve Grandfather’s sword if nothing else.”
“I can’t tell him.  Carobas have been asking about you.”
“Carobas?”
“Yes, Carobas.  This Caroba that you encountered moves fast.  His contacts are inquiring about you and our invasion plans.  Only Overwizard Aedan and I know what your true mission is and it will stay that way until the mission is complete.  The more people that know a secret, the greater the chance it will be known to all.  When you are declared a heretic, the Caroba with the girl will find out through his contacts, confirming your story, hopefully putting some of his suspicions to rest.”
Llyr clenched his fists. “What does that have to do with telling Father?  He knows how to keep a secret.”
Daire patted the air in front of him. “Calm down.  I have my orders and I will not disobey them.”
“Screw your orders,” Llyr yelled at him.  Daire’s eyes widened in shock.  “You have told me to stay with these humans and find the magic user who can teach them.  Father sending others to retrieve Grandfather’s sword and kill me will make that task much more difficult.”
Daire’s shock receded, replaced with anger. “I will follow my orders and you will follow your orders, dealing with whatever comes.  You must convince the humans to leave the city and go to the magic user.  That is your highest priority and you will do it no matter what happens.” Daire’s image disappeared.  Llyr grabbed his medallion, wanting nothing more than to rip it from his neck and chuck it out the window.  He took several deep breaths, calming himself and then left the bathroom.
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
 “Let me get this straight,” Natalie said. “Humans haven’t been able to see magical creatures or use magic because of a spell Merlin cast 1500 years ago?  Now there are magical beings who what to kill me because I have dormant magical abilities?”
“Yes,” Pim said.
“Why am I seeing you, then?”  Natalie said. “Merlin’s spell should be hiding you from me.”
“The Aldri cast a spell on you to keep you immobilized while their assassin found you,” Pim explained. “Having that spell cast on you woke up your powers.  Merlin’s spell no longer blocks your sight because you have active magic within you.”
Rebecca watched as Natalie sat back, a troubled look on her face.  Rebecca knew how she was feeling, not quite sure how much of this was real, asking yourself if you’ve gone mad.  Rebecca wasn’t sure she was past it yet herself.
“So, I can do things with magic,” Natalie said. “It’ll be cool, I guess, doing things with magic.”
“You are not trained,” Pim said. “Experimenting will get you killed.”
“Train me then.”
“I can’t.  I know someone who can and you will need to come with me to receive that training.”
“Come with you?  There’s no one around here that can train me?”
“No, there’s not.  The one who can train you is across the Atlantic Ocean.”
“Across the Atlantic!”  Rebecca said. “You never mentioned that to me.”
“No, I didn’t,” Pim responded. “I had more important things on my mind at the time.”
“More important to you maybe, but I have important commitments here and going across the Atlantic Ocean is not in my plans at the moment.”
 “I told you before, Rebecca, those plans no longer matter.”
“Wait, wait, wait,” Natalie said before Rebecca could respond. “It sounds like you’re expecting us to drop everything and come with you.”
“That is correct,” Pim said.
“I can’t do that; I have school starting soon and a job to go to.  Not to mention what my parents would say if I just left.”
“Humans are so stubborn,” Pim muttered. “Those things are no longer important.  You would be dead right now if we had not stopped that Aldri assassin.”
“The assassin is dead; I’m no longer at risk.”
“Do you think the Aldri are going to give up after one assassin fails?  The Aldri do not give up that easily; other assassins will be sent.”
“He is right,” Llyr said from the hallway, drawing their attention. “More assassins will soon be on their way.”
“How do you know that?”  Rebecca asked.
“My brethren contacted me, informing me that the death of the assassin is already known.”
“That settles it then,” Pim declared. “We have to leave right now.”
“I’m not going to leave with people I don’t know,” Natalie said, standing up. “For all I know, you could have staged this whole thing, hoping to take something from me.”
“If I wanted to kidnap you, I would not have gone to this much trouble; I would have just taken you,” Pim replied.
“How do I know what you are telling me is true?  Your appearance doesn’t engender trust,” Natalie said.
“I am done arguing this,” Pim said, jumping off the table. “You can either come with us and live or stay here and die.  Let’s go, Rebecca.”
“What if I don’t want to?”  Rebecca said.
Pim let out a sigh. “You know that what I have said is true.”
“I don’t know,” Rebecca replied. “I only met you yesterday.”
“That is enough time to know that I am not lying.  I will have your decision now; are you coming with me or not?”
Rebecca studied him for a minute, trying to discern whether he was telling the truth. “One question before I answer: will I ever see my parents again?”
Pim opened his mouth then shut it, a sobering look coming onto his face. “Probably not.”
“Why would I want to go then?”
“Because you would be saving their lives.”
“How would my going with you save my parents’ lives?”
“You have managed to avoid the assassin they sent.  The Aldri may not be as selective about who they kill with the next assassin.  He might kill everyone around you to make sure that the job is done, or you might kill them and yourself with magic because you lack the training to control it.”
Rebecca kept silent, the dilemma racking her brain, I don’t know about these assassins but I do know I can’t control the magic and I can see how I might kill someone by accident.  I don’t think I could live with myself if that happened.  Maybe I could train enough to know how to control my magic and then return home.
She looked up and found everyone staring at her. “Well, I don’t want to put innocents at risk.  I will go with you but I will only train enough to control my abilities, then I’m coming home.”
“That is between you and your teacher,” Pim said, turning to look at Natalie. “What is your decision?”
“I can’t just drop everything and leave,” Natalie answered. “I can’t make myself believe you, either.”
“That is your choice and loss,” Pim said. “I am done trying to convince you humans to do what is best for you.  It has been a pleasure, Natalie; we will no longer disturb your life.  Come along, Rebecca.”
Rebecca stood up, looking at Natalie. “I hope he’s wrong, for your sake.”
Rebecca moved toward the door where Llyr and Pim were waiting.
“Wait,” Natalie said, coming into the hallway. “How are you getting back to wherever you’re going?”
“We’ll take the bus; that’s how we got here,” Rebecca told her.
“Let me give you a ride home,” Natalie said. “It’s the least I can do; you did save my life.”
“A ride would be appreciated,” Rebecca said.
Natalie got her keys and they were soon parked in front of Rebecca’s apartment building.






























CHAPTER EIGHTEEN


“You two go and get the things Rebecca will need,” Pim said. “I would like to speak with Natalie.”
Rebecca nodded and got out of the car.
“Oh, and don’t tell your parents you’re leaving; it would only confuse them, since you cannot tell them why,” Pim yelled before Rebecca shut the door.
“How can he ask me not to tell my parents I’m going?”  Rebecca said as she and Llyr entered the building. “I may never see them again; I want to say goodbye.”
“What reason would you give them for leaving?”  Llyr asked. “They wouldn’t believe the truth and would only try to stop you.”
“But they’re my parents,” Rebecca said. “They deserve to know.  I don’t know how we’re going to get past them without raising suspicion.  I’m going to need to pack a bag; I won’t be able to hide it.”
“Maybe Pim will be able to shrink it…” Llyr stopped talking, looking around.
“What is it?”  Rebecca said, her keys in her hand to open the door to her apartment.
“Something is not right here,” Llyr said, slowly drawing his sword. 
“Everything looks the same as always.”
“It’s not the way things look but how they feel.  As if something were waiting to pounce.”
“At least your senses have not abandoned you,” a female voice said from the stairway.  Two figures stepped out from the stairs, bows ready, arrows notched.
“Brigid; Urien,” Llyr said, bringing his sword into a defensive position in front of him. “I did not expect anyone to be sent so quickly.”
“Your Father wishes that the family sword be recovered from the hands of a heretic,” Brigid explained. “He is a man of action.”
“I have felt the results of his actions many times,” Llyr said. “The fact that he sent you to get the sword only confirms that he never thought highly of me.”
“Hand over the sword, Llyr,” Brigid told him. “And stop protecting that trash; you’ll only get yourself killed.”
“You have your orders and I have mine.  Do what you must.”
“Very well then.” Brigid and Urien raised their bows and released their arrows.
Llyr shoved Rebecca against the wall as the arrows were released, pushing himself right beside her.  “Run,” he told her after the arrows had flown past. He rushed at the assassins.
Brigid’s sword intercepted his. “You’ll never be able to defeat both of us; you were never able to beat me during training.”
“I’ve learned much since I was under your tutelage,” Llyr slammed his head into her face, breaking her nose.
 She fell back, dazed from the unexpected blow.  Llyr blocked the incoming strike and put his shoulder into Urien’s chest, knocking him to the floor.  He turned and sprinted toward the stairs that Rebecca had just gone down.
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Rebecca ran down the stairs as fast as she was able.  How did they find us?  Why are these people trying to kill me?  I don’t even know how to use my magic.  How could they consider me a threat?
She ran through the door and froze.  Pim was throwing tiny balls of fire at another Aldri, who was dodging each ball.  The balls burned holes into the sidewalk, buildings, and cars they hit.  Luckily, there were no people around the spot where they fought.
“Rebecca, get in the car!”  Pim yelled, his cry floating over his magical song.
Pim’s yell got her moving again.  She ran to the idling car, flinging open the back door and jumping inside.
“Where’s Llyr?”  Natalie said, a frightened look on her face.
“He was fighting two other Aldri in the hallway outside my apartment,” Rebecca said, twisting around to look at the door. “I don’t know if he’ll make it.”
Llyr burst through the door, sword in hand.  As soon as he saw that Pim was engaged with another Aldri, he charged past Pim, knocking aside a hastily raised sword and knocking the assassin to the ground.
Pim flew into the car. “Go, go, go!”
Natalie gave a start and put the car into gear, flooring the gas pedal.  Llyr jumped and grabbed the open door, his feet on the door frame.  He grunted and slid inside next to Rebecca, closing the door behind him.
“Head for the freeway going west,” Pim instructed.
“What?”  Natalie said. “I told you I’m not going…”
“If you do not come with us,” Pim interrupted. “you will be dead before sundown.”
Natalie’s eyes widened and looked at the road.
“Llyr are you…” Rebecca yelped, seeing an arrow sticking out of Llyr’s back, just below the shoulder blade.
Llyr pulled a small vial out of his pack and drank its contents.  Rebecca couldn’t speak, staring at the arrow embedded in him.
“What did you just drink?”  Pim said, hovering above the shaft.
“Antidote,” Llyr said, pulling a small, round container out of his pack. “Brigid always poisons her arrows.   Rebecca, I need you to rub this salve on the wound and arrow shaft.”
Rebecca gave a start when he said her name. “Shouldn’t we take out the arrow first?”
“We can’t,” Llyr said, grimacing. “All Hunter arrows are enchanted to stay in their target until that salve is placed on it.  If you tried to pull it out without first applying the salve, you would kill me.”
Her hands shaking, Rebecca rubbed the cream onto the arrow shaft and around the wound.
“This is the second time in two days I’ve had your blood all over my hands,” Rebecca said. “How am I supposed to get it off?  It’s not like we have any towels.”
“Here,” Pim said, holding a towel out to her.  As soon as she took it, it grew in size, stopping once it was the size of a large bath towel.  “Clean off your hands and then wipe the blood off his back.”
“You’re not getting blood on the seats, are you?”  Natalie said. “Bloodstains will never come out.  We should stop to take care of that.”
“No!”  Pim said. “If we stop, we are dead.  The Aldri have ways to move quickly across vast distances.  Our only hope is to keep moving.”
“Where are we going?”  Natalie asked.
“West.  I’ll tell you more after we are finished with this wound,” Pim looked at Llyr. “Can it be removed yet?”
“Yes,” Llyr said. “The magic in the salve should have countered the magic in the arrow by now.”
“Rebecca,“ Pim said. “Grip the arrow firmly and pull it straight out.  We don’t need to cause any more damage.”
Rebecca nodded, grasping the arrow as tightly as she was able.  She took a couple deep breaths and pulled the arrow out of the wound.  Llyr groaned as the arrow’s ridged points tore more flesh.
Rebecca turned her head quickly, fighting the urge to puke at the sight of the arrowhead.  Pim put the towel over the wound, the towel coloring red with blood.
“Shall we put more salve on the wound?”  Rebecca said, her stomach not yet settled.
“Use this.” Llyr handed her a vial of red fluid. “Drip several drops into the wound.”
Rebecca pulled out the cork and nodded to Pim.  He took off the towel and Rebecca dripped a few drops into the wound.  Llyr’s face tightened, his lips going white.  The wound began to close before Rebecca’s eyes.
“What was that?” Pim said, flying closer to the wound and sniffing it. “Troll’s blood?”
“Troll’s blood mixed with a combiner,” Llyr said with a strained voice. “The combiner causes the blood to regenerate any flesh it comes in contact with.”
“Does it hurt?”  Natalie asked, the color back in her face.
“Yes, it does,” Llyr affirmed. “My body was never meant to heal this quickly.  But without it, I would have a handicap .”
“That has to be expensive,” Pim commented. “Drawing blood from a live troll is no easy feat.”
“It cost enough,” Llyr said, sitting up straight now that the wound was fully healed.
Rebecca replaced the cork and looked through the hole in Llyr’s leather shirt. “There isn’t even a scar.”
“There shouldn’t be,” Llyr said. “Now where are we going, Pim?”
Pim hesitated. “Natalie, continue west on the freeway and take the exit to Moab, Utah.”
“Moab?”  Natalie said. “What are we going to do there?”
“Pass through; I will tell you more when we get there.”











CHAPTER NINETEEN


Rebecca stood, filling the car with gas.  Natalie and Pim had gone inside to get some snacks and pay for the gas.  Llyr was standing at the end of the car and studying the red rock scenery of Moab, Utah.
Mom and Dad, Rebecca read the letter she was trying to write to her parents. I can’t explain why I have left without telling, only that this is something I must do.  I’m sorry to leave you in this way but try not to worry, I’ll be safe…
That was as far as she had gotten with this draft.  Everything I write is so lame, Rebecca thought. How do you tell your parents that you left but can’t tell them why?  The gas pump stopped, and Rebecca folded up her letter and replaced the gas hose on its hook.
“Why does the car need gas?”  Llyr asked, turning to face Rebecca.
“The car won’t run without gas,” Rebecca said. “The gas is in a tank under the car and it is fed into the engine, which moves the wheels.”
“You make it sound as if it is alive,” Llyr muttered.
Rebecca smiled. “It isn’t, though some cartoons have cars that have hamsters that run in balls in the wheel.”
“Cartoons?”  Llyr inquired, confused. “What kind of car is that?  They operate with hamsters in the wheel?  Is that an animal?”
Rebecca giggled. “Cartoons are animated drawings and hamsters are a small rodent that people keep as pets.”
Llyr shook his head. “I will be glad when I am back on my world, where things make sense.” He looked around. “I don’t think it will be the same, though.”
Out of the corner of her eye, Rebecca saw another motorist staring at her.  Who cares?  I’m going to have to get used to strange looks.
“Llyr, are you alright?”  Rebecca asked, coming around the car to stand by him. “You haven’t said much since we left Denver.”
Llyr looked out at the red rock, rubbing his wounded shoulder. “I am troubled by the actions of the Aldri who attacked us.” 
“Why?”
“They did their best to kill me.”
“But you’re a rebel, a heretic you said,” Rebecca said, confused. “Why is it strange that they tried to kill you?”
“Since I was a child, I was taught one rule above all other; Aldri do not kill Aldri.  Yet, the Hunters who attacked us were doing their best to kill me.”
“You must have known about this before you became a heretic.”
Llyr shook his head. “I haven’t been a heretic for very long.  I was always told that heretics were captured and sent to the mines.  Now, I question what I had been taught.”
“I’m sorry,” Rebecca said, putting her hand on his arm.  Llyr flinched and pulled away a little.  Rebecca pulled back her hand. “Sorry.”
“Among my people, the sexes do not touch much unless they are joined,” Llyr said. “There is no need to be sorry; you did not know.” Rebecca smiled a little, glad he understood.
“Is that all that is bothering you?”  Rebecca asked.
“No,” Llyr answered. “The wonders your people have accomplished with technology astounds me.  I was taught that technology could not match the wonders of magic.  Yet I see things that are greater than what my people have achieved with magic.”
“Maybe one is not better than the other.  Have you ever thought of that?”
Llyr nodded. “Being here on this planet, seeing what humans have done with technology has brought out my curiosity.  That’s what my mother called it.  She would say to me ‘Put your curiosity away.’  But I cannot, seeing what I see.  Since I was young, I’ve been fascinated with technology.  It earned me many beatings from my father.  He always said that I wondered too much, questioned when I should not,” He grew quiet, his eyes distant.
Natalie came back to the car, chuckling, with Pim on her shoulder, laughing. “Are you two ready to leave?”
Llyr stiffened. “I need to relieve myself.  Does this place have a…toilet?”
“Yeah, but if it requires a key, I don’t know how you’re going to get in?”  Natalie told him.
“I’ll figure it out,” Llyr said, heading into the store.
Rebecca looked at the other two, who were still giggling. “Why are you two giggling?”
“Pim was showing me the advantages of not being seen,” Natalie told her.
Rebecca looked back at Pim. “You didn’t steal anything, did you?”
“No, I did not steal anything,” Pim responded. “I merely distracted the attendant.”
Natalie snorted as she held in a laugh. “He made the guy’s pants drop.”
Rebecca stared at Pim. “Pim, why did you do that?  You’re the one always talking about being polite.  I would call dropping someone’s pants very rude.”
Pim bowed his head, grinning broadly. “Forgive me; Natalie needed some cheering up.  I may have gone too far but no harm was done”
Rebecca shook her head. “Are pranks a habit with you?”
“Whatever do you mean?”
“When I met you, you snapped the leash of a dog, sending it running away from its owner.  I seem to remember you chuckling over that.”
Pim gave her a slight bow. “My people are fond of pranks.  We find them relaxing.  Is it not a human saying ‘Laughter is the best medicine’?”
“But it should not be gotten at another person’s expense.”
“I will refrain from following my jovial impulses while with you if that is what you desire?”
“It is.”
“Very well.  Now, we must be going; we wouldn’t want those assassins to find us again.”
“We’re waiting on Llyr.” 
“We should leave him.  He’ll be nothing but trouble.”
Rebecca gave Pim a flat stare. “He saved our lives.  We’re not leaving him behind.”
Pim dipped his head. “Very well.”
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Llyr made his way through the aisles of food to the back of the store.  He tried to open the door to the bathroom but it was locked.  How am I going to get in there?  Natalie said something about a key; I need to find it.
As he turned to look for the key, the knob on the door twisted and the door opened, showing a man leaving.  Llyr moved behind the man and put his foot in the doorway to stop the door from closing.  He went through the door, shutting and locking it behind him.
The medallion grew colder against his chest, so cold his chest began to hurt.  He took it out and activated it, the image of his brother appearing.
“Llyr, you’re alive,” Daire said, shock on his face. “Brigid said she hit you with one of her arrows.”
“She did,” Llyr replied.
Daire’s face went from shock to confusion. “She said she coats her arrows with poison.  How did you survive?”
“The poison she uses is also used by the orcs of Talan,” Llyr explained. “My last mission as an initiate was to Talan.  I bought the antidote before I went there.  I haven’t had a need to use it until now.”
Daire shook his head. “I should have known.  You always did like to be prepared for every possibility.”
“I have a question for you, Daire, since you have participated in heretic hunts.  Do you really bring the heretics back…alive?”
“Yes.”
“Are the heretics who resist too much killed?”
Daire studied Llyr for a moment before answering. “Yes.”
“Have you ever killed a heretic?”
“Yes.”
“Then our most sacred law is nothing but a sham.”
“The law does not apply to heretics.”
“How can you say that?  Heretics are as much Aldri as you or I.”
“No, they are not.  They have abandoned our beliefs and way of life.”
“You mean it is our dedication to the Archwizard that makes us Aldri?  I thought it was a matter of ancestry.”
Daire’s face grew hard. “I will not discuss this any longer.  We follow orders, without question.  The Archwizard long ago decided that the heretics had abandoned us and extreme measures were required to deal with them.  We do as we are commanded; your doubts are leading you to where you do not want to go.  Just because you are to act like a heretic doesn’t mean you are to become one.  Now, where are you?”
Llyr folded his arms, sitting on the lid of the toilet. “Why should I tell you?” 
“What?”  Daire exclaimed.
Llyr leaned forward and spoke each word slowly. “Why should I tell you?  Your last orders almost got me killed.”
“You will no longer question me, Llyr,” Daire told him, his lips turning white.
Llyr shook his head. “If you will not answer my questions, I will not answer yours.”
Daire’s nostrils flared. “It was a mistake to send you on this mission.  The Overwizard expressed concern about your ability to complete this task.  It appears he was right.”
Llyr leaned back against the seat. “This whole situation is the Overwizard’s fault.  If he had incinerated the girl instead of trying to immobilize her, I wouldn’t be here.”
“The only way we could kill her was to send a Hunter and you were chosen for the job.”
“The Overwizard couldn’t kill her with a spell of destruction?”
Daire shook his head. “No.  The spell that hides magic from the humans also protects them.  We lost more than one wizard trying to do what you have suggested.”
“Sorry, I didn’t know.”
Daire closed his eyes, looking very tired. “Llyr, where are you?”
Llyr sighed. “We are heading south from a place call Moab.”
“What’s your destination?”
“I don’t know, the Caroba won’t say.”
“You need to let me know when you reach it.”
“How?”
“Tap on the jewel three times, keeping your finger on the diamond after the third tap.  It will let me know you wish to talk to me.  I must leave now before I am missed.”
Llyr stood up, tucking the medallion away and turning on the water tap to wash his face.  He used to be so close to Daire but as this mission went on, their differences stood out more and more.  Ten years had changed them both and the bond that they had once had was no longer there.
He walked out of the building and found the others still standing around by the car, talking.  “Are you ready?”  Rebecca asked.
Llyr nodded and got into the back seat.  The others climbed in; Natalie started the car and began driving up to the street. “Which way, Pim?  You never told us where we were going after Moab.”
“South,” Pim said. “To a little town called Bluff.”












CHAPTER TWENTY


“Your world is beautiful,” Llyr said as the road descended the last few miles into Bluff.
“I’ve always thought so,” Natalie said. “What is your world like?”
“I grew up on the western side of the Great Mountain range,” Llyr said. “The plains beneath the mountains stretched for miles, worked by lesser races and the lower classes of Aldri.  My home was on the Lake of Tears; when the weather grew cold, the river feeding the lake would freeze and the two waterfalls would make the mountains appear to be crying.  During the summer, you could see the magical storms surge across the mountain range, sending lightning, fire and other destructive magic across its face in a brilliant ballet of colors.”
“You have magic storms?”  Natalie asked. “Is there so much magic in your world that it gathers like water in the atmosphere?”
“No, that is not the reason why they have the magic storms,” Pim said not waiting for Llyr to answer. “The magic storms exist because the Aldri are reckless in their use of dark magic, producing so much dark residue that it creates these storms, which are gradually destroying their world.”
“You mean it’s like pollution?”  Natalie said.
“In a way,” Pim responded. “Why do you think the Aldri are interested in this world? Their world will soon be uninhabitable.”
“Is that true?”  Natalie inquired of Llyr.
Llyr nodded. “You can’t even go outside anymore without magical protection.”
“That’s horrible.”
Rebecca crumbled up the piece of paper she had been writing on and threw it onto the floor into a stack of discarded letters. “How do you tell your parents that you have to do something but can’t tell them what it is in a good way?”
“Tell them the truth,” Natalie told her.
“They would think I’m out of my mind,” Rebecca replied.
“When are you going to see them again?”  Natalie said, her face growing sad. “When are either of us going to see our families or friends again?”
“I don’t know,” Rebecca said in a soft voice. “Do you think we’ll ever see our families again, Pim?”
“No, I don’t,” Pim answered. “There is nothing to stop you from telling them the truth; though they will most likely not believe you.”
“That might be easier, even if they don’t believe,” Rebecca said. “The problem will be writing it in a way that doesn’t seem completely nuts.”
“You could wait to write them until we get where we are going,” Pim said.
“Are we going to have access to a post office?”  Rebecca said.
“I don’t know but we’ll find a way to deliver your letter,” Pim said. “Natalie, take the next left.”
The road exited a long, narrow valley with red rock on either side.  The rock wall on their right continued further down, but the rock on the left turned inward, giving way to a floodplain.
“There is so much green vegetation here compared to what we’ve seen since we’ve turned south,” Rebecca commented as they turned left onto the road Pim indicated. “Why?”
“The San Juan River is a little bit further to the south,” Pim said. “There is actually enough water here to support these plants.”
“Will you tell us now where we are going?”  Natalie said. “You said we were going to Bluff; it is now behind us.”
“We are going to some Anasazi ruins located on the other side of the river,” Pim said. “Located in the ruins is a hidden cave, where we will find a portal that will take us close to where your teacher lives.”
“What happens if this teacher refuses to teach us?”  Natalie said.
“I do not know,” Pim answered.
“Great.”
They drove in silence for a few minutes, the road angling up off the floodplain.  The landscape became desert again, small, bare bushes swaying in the breeze.
“Turn right here,” Pim said after a few minutes.
Natalie turned onto a dirt road.  It was slow going, the road filled with bumps and holes.  It began to angle down and to the left until they were parallel to the river.  The road stopped, a rock wall covered in graffiti was on their left, the river on their right with stairs leading to a narrow bridge.
“Now what?”  Natalie said.
“We get out and cross the bridge,” Pim told her.
Rebecca got out of the car, as did Llyr, who was followed by Pim.  
“What about my car?”  Natalie asked.
“We leave it here,” Pim said. “Make sure you get everything you wish to have out of it.”
“We’re going to abandon my car?”  Natalie said.
“Yes,” Pim said. “We couldn’t get it up to the portal.”
“It’s not even fully paid for,” Natalie mumbled, putting her head on the top of the car. “What will my parents think when it is found here?”
“Like you said, neither of us is likely to see our parents again,” Rebecca said.
Natalie looked up at her. “I could turn around and go back.”
“The assassins would still come after you,” Rebecca reminded her. “I don’t like this anymore then you do but I would rather have you along.  I don’t want to be left alone with these two.”
“Fine, I’ll come,” Natalie said. “I don’t want to die anyway.” 
Llyr had walked over to the stairs and was standing very still.  He turned around to face everyone. “Something is not right here; it’s too quiet.”
“What do you mean…” Rebecca started to say but was hushed by Llyr.
Llyr loosened his sword in its sheath. “I will lead the way across the water; Pim, you guard the rear.”
Pim nodded, not saying a word.  Rebecca looked at Natalie, who shrugged.  Llyr went up the stairs.  Natalie followed, then Rebecca with Pim behind her.  The bridge was suspended on three sets of metal poles, one set on each end of the river, the third in place on a small island in the middle of the river.  Four thick, metal cables were strung between the poles, metal cords connected the poles vertically, and wooden slats were laid across the bottom.  The bridge was only wide enough to allow them to walk single file across it.
The wind blew, causing the bridge to sway slightly.  As they walked across, Rebecca could feel every footfall Llyr and Natalie made, each one causing the bridge to bounce a little.  As she walked over the river, the sway of the bridge and the moving water began to make her dizzy.  She grabbed the cables on either side of her, having to bend over to do so.
“Are you alright?”  Pim asked.
“The movement of this rickety bridge and the river is making me dizzy,” Rebecca said.
“Keep moving,” Pim said. “The river isn’t very wide; it won’t take long to cross.”
Rebecca nodded and, still holding onto the cables, moved across the bridge as fast as she could.  She reached the stairs on the other side of the river and moved down to the ground, holding onto one of the cables that were anchored into the ground while waiting for the dizziness to pass.
“Where to now?”  Llyr asked over his shoulder, his eyes scanning the area beyond.
“Go down the path and onto a gravel road,” Pim said. “We will follow the road for at least a mile.  The ruins are underneath the cliffs in the distance.”
Llyr walked away from the bridge with everyone following, on a path between thin trees.  As Pim had said, it led to a gravel road.  The road navigated between barbwire-fenced fields filled with plants on both sides of it with side roads that led to gates.   
“What are you so worried about?”  Natalie asked Llyr.
“Something is not right here,” Llyr told her. “Something is waiting for us.”
“Something is waiting for us?”  Natalie said. “How do you know?”
“A feeling, like an itch you can’t scratch,” Llyr said. “We’re being watched.”
“A feeling, hmm?”  Natalie repeated. “Are you sure you’re not just creeping yourself out?”
“Trust him, Natalie,” Pim said. “A warrior’s sixth sense is rarely wrong.”
“A warrior’s sixth sense?”  Rebecca said. “There are only five senses, Pim.”
“That’s where you are wrong,” Pim said. “We feel things around us, the energy flows of magic connecting the life forces of all living things.  If we pay close enough attention, we are able to discern the meaning of the energies we feel.  That is your sixth sense.”
“Are you feeling anything right now?”  Rebecca said.
“No,” Pim said. “That does not mean Llyr is not.  Different individuals are more attuned to different forms of energy.  Both of you will have to develop this sense to excel with magic.”
Llyr stopped, his head turning as he scanned the area.  Suddenly, he grabbed a knife from his leg, throwing it into one of the fields and hit something in the head as it started to rise.
Creatures began to rise, their bright yellow eyes reflecting the sunlight.  Grayish hair stuck out from all over their bodies.  Their face was human but their shrieks pierced the air, revealing mouths full of razor-sharp teeth.  Several began running toward them and others disappeared into the brush.
Llyr’s hand seemed a blur as he threw his knives into the creatures. “Run on!”  he yelled as he threw.
Pim began to sing and threw a ball of fire into one of the fields.  It exploded, the dry plants catching and spreading the fire.  The monster’s shrieks turned from rage into pain as the fire flared around them.  Pim turned, throwing fire into the other field where more of the creatures were beginning to emerge.
Rebecca and Natalie began to run down the road, fear adding to their speed.
“Llyr!  Come on!”  Pim shouted, landing on Rebecca’s shoulder.  His song still floated around them.  He threw fire into each of the fields they passed.
The road turned right, parallel to the tall cliffs.  Two coyotes jumped over the fence of a field ahead of them, snarling and rushing at them.  One stumbled and fell to the ground, a knife in its chest.  The other dodged to the right, a knife slashing its leg. It limped a few steps then began to change shape.  Llyr’s next knife felled it mid-transformation.
“There they are,” Pim shouted, gesturing to a large cavern that sat in a deep overhang.  A steep incline covered in bushes lead up to the ruins.  The walls of the ruins were eroded, with only one area having decent height to its wall.  “Head up the left side.”
Llyr turned, throwing knives into the pursuing beasts as Rebecca and Natalie climbed as fast as they could.
“Llyr, get up here!”  Rebecca called out as soon as she made the ascent.  Pim flew off her shoulder, hovering, his gaze intent on the road below.
Llyr threw one last knife and sprinted to the slope.  He climbed up the slope with amazing agility, covering the ground in half the time the girls did.
The creatures turned into the cavern, chasing Llyr.  Pim began to throw fire at them, igniting the bushes at the bottom.  The fire spread quickly through the bushes, creating a wall of fire that the beasts drew away from.
“What are they?”  Rebecca asked, staring at the creatures, half in human shape, half in coyote form.
“In the Navajo language, yee naaldlooshii;”  Pim said. “In English, they are called skinwalkers.”
“Skinwalkers?”
Pim nodded. “Shapeshifters, though these have appeared to have gone mad.  They usually stay away from other magic users.”
“Whatever they are, we need to get through that portal,” Llyr said. “That fire won’t last long.”
Pim led them around the front of the ruins with the tallest intact wall.  They hopped over a lower wall, Pim flying into the section with the tallest wall.
“How are we supposed to get in there?”  Natalie yelled.
“Climb up the rock face and jump over the wall,” Pim called back.
“Of course,” Natalie muttered, climbing up the slanting rock face next to the wall.  She climbed to where the wall was shortest and stepped over it, sliding down.  Rebecca and Llyr followed, walking over to where Pim was looking at the rock face.
“That’s bare rock, Pim,” Rebecca said. “Where’s the cave?”
“Right here,” Pim said, pointing to the rock in front of him. “There is an illusion spell hiding the cave,” Pim began to sing and soon a portion of the rock wavered and disappeared, leaving an opening a little taller than Rebecca and wide enough for one person to walk through.
Pim flew into the opening and Rebecca quickly followed.  The inside of the cave was lit by a large swirling torrent at the other end.  Four pillars spaced squarely around the cave supported the ceiling, which, like the walls, were decorated with Anasazi pictographs.  
“Look at these walls,” Natalie said. “They’re amazing.”
“We have got a problem,” Pim called from by the portal.
They all rushed to where Pim was kneeling next to a body lying in a pool of blood.
 “What is that?”  Rebecca said.
“This is the portal guardian,” Pim said. “It’s dead.”


















CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE


Llyr turned quickly, drawing his sword and dropping into a defensive stance. Why did I tell Daire we were coming in this direction?  “Come out!  I know you’re here!”
A figure appeared in the doorway and entered, followed by two other figures. “Llyr, we had such high hopes for you,” a female voice said. “What a disappointment.”
I can’t let them expose me.  “I did what I had to, Brigid. I did what I thought was right,” Llyr fibbed.
“This is so sad,” Brigid said, shaking her head. “Put down your sword, Llyr; let us end this quickly, with as little pain as possible.  You know you can’t win.”
What am I going to do?  There’s no way we will be able to beat these three.
“Pim, can you deal with two of them?”  Llyr whispered.
“Maybe,” Pim said.
“You’ll have to,” Llyr told him. “If I can take Brigid out, we might stand a chance.  Give me time by keeping the other two off my back.”
“Ok,” Pim said, starting to sing softly.
“Why do we have to fight them?”  Rebecca asked. “Isn’t there a way to get out of here without anyone getting hurt?  Or maybe we can talk to them, make them see reason?”
“They have been sent to kill you,” Llyr told her. “Believe me when I say talking will do no good.  And we have no exit.”
“Llyr put down your sword,” Brigid said.
Llyr burst forward, thrusting his sword straight at Brigid’s heart.  Brigid, a veteran of many battles, was not caught unaware and blocked the blow.   
At the same moment, Pim sent forth a barrage of small fireballs, his hands a blur, throwing the tiny bullets at the other two Aldri.
“Go after the humans and the Caroba,” Brigid called to her companions. “I’ll take care of this one.”
Brigid’s sword was lighter than Llyr’s and she attacked, wielding her sword almost like a whip.  Llyr kept his movements short, using the least amount of energy to block her attacks.  
She attacked with thrusting, short jabs that forced Llyr to back up.  She jumped to the side, aiming to cripple his arm.  He ducked his shoulder, his blade intercepting the attack.  He quickly brought his blade out in a swing, disrupting her offensive.  He swung hard in an overhand strike, which she dodged.  He brought it back for another strike and another.  The first she dodged; to avoid the second she arched her back, putting her hands on the floor and kicking Llyr in the face.
As he began to stagger backward, he continued falling rather than try to maintain his balance.  Brigid came forward, her body extended in a flying lunge, her sword leading the way.  As she passed over Llyr, he punched up, hitting her in the ribs, folding her in flight and she fell in a crash.  They both stood, swords ready.  
“You have gotten better since I last taught you,” Brigid said, respect in her eyes. “I like that; it makes this interesting.”
Llyr rushed forward, engaging her once more.
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Rebecca watched in horror as Llyr fought the female Aldri and Pim threw fire at the other two.  The two Aldri danced about the cave working their way toward Pim.  When they got too close, Pim sent streams of fire out of his hands, driving the Aldri back.  
“We’ve got to do something,” Natalie said, flinching as Pim flew around them throwing fire. “We can’t just stand here.”
“What do you propose we do?”  Rebecca said. “I don’t have a weapon.”
“You’ve used magic, haven’t you?”  Natalie said. “Do something.”
“Pim told me not to,” Rebecca said, frustrated by the fighting. “But I’ll try.”
Rebecca thought back to when she had created the fireball outside of her room and when she healed Llyr.  I need to draw the energy around me.
“REBECCA!”  Pim yelled. “DON’T YOU DARE.”
Rebecca ignored him, drawing deeply on the magic emanating from the portal.  I can stop this.  If I could wrap the Aldri in air, we wouldn’t have to fight; we could take them prisoner.  No one would have to die.
The magical energy began to pulse within her, seeking for an exit.  It burns, oh, the pain.  Focus, focus, lives are at stake here.  Air, I need to use air.  Concentrate.
She opened her eyes as she felt pain.  The melted plastic of her contacts was pushed out of her eyes, burning her face.  She barely noticed as the magic inside her began to produce pain.  The room seemed brighter, a glow that pulsed with the magic inside her.
“Rebecca, what’s happening?  Your eyes are glowing,” Natalie said.
It hurts, oh it hurts.  I…must…let…go.
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Llyr needed to end this fight now.  He rushed Brigid, his sword jabbing, looking for holes.  She backed away, parrying.  He came in close, locking her sword against her body.   He slammed his forehead into her face, crushing her healed nose, causing her to stagger back.  He swung his sword up with one hand, expecting the parry.   Before she could move to counterstrike, he punched her in the ribs with his free hand and brought his sword down hilt first into her sword arm.  She managed to hang onto her weapon but he kicked straight out into her stomach, pushing her back out of the cave through the opening.  Llyr was suddenly yanked back, being pulled by some unseen force.
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
 “What is the matter with her Pim?”  Natalie yelled.
“She has drawn too much energy,” Pim said, still fighting. “If she does not…Oh no,” Pim’s sudden song was too much for Natalie’s ears, pain flaring.  
Pim flew to her shoulder and threw out his arm, pulling a surprised Llyr to them.  As soon as Llyr hit them, a field of energy sprung up around them.
Rebecca threw her head back and screamed, her voice echoing through the cave.  Waves of flame emanated from her, engulfing the entire cave.  The remaining Aldri were incinerated.
After a few seconds, Rebecca stopped screaming and collapsed to the floor.  Pim lowered his shield. “Don’t move.  Look at the floor.” 
The cave floor was glowing red except where the four of them were.  Pim sang again, sending a cooling wind across the cave.  
Once the floor stopped glowing, Natalie rushed over to Rebecca. “She’s still alive.”
Pim flew to the floor. “This girl has more luck than anyone I’ve ever met.  She should be dead.”
“What happened?”  Llyr asked.
“What do you think?”  Pim said. “Rebecca decided to try out her abilities again and almost killed us all.”
Llyr nodded and moved over to where he had been fighting Brigid.  He looked out of the cave and saw no sign of her.  At least I’m not the one who killed them this time.  He moved to the other Aldri, retrieving their swords.
“Why are you doing that?”  Natalie said.
“I will not leave these to be looted,” Llyr said.
“Not while you can loot them,” Pim said. “I have got some questions for you.”
“They will have to wait,” Llyr told him. “We need to get through that portal.”
“Give me a moment,” Pim said. “I have not used that much magic in such a short amount of time for years.  I need to rest.”
“What’s that noise?”  Natalie said.
“What noise?”  Pim said.
“Shhh,” Llyr said, listening.  He moved closer to one of the pillars, studying it closely.  He eyes widened as a small crack grew right before him. “That is the sound of the pillars cracking.  Caroba, we don’t have time for you to rest.”
There was a loud crack and Pim moved fast, flying up to the portal, studying the carvings on both sides of it, pushing on some.  Llyr ran to where Rebecca was lying, handing the swords to Natalie.  He picked up Rebecca, cradling her in his arms.
“Hurry up,” Llyr urged as the cracking grew louder and more frequent.
“I’m going as fast as I can,” Pim said, his voice tense.
A piece of the ceiling fell behind them, crashing on the floor, making Natalie jump.  Smaller pieces began to fall, hitting them.
“Got it,” Pim said, flying to the front of the portal.
The swirling began to go faster, speeding up until it flashed.  It now looked like a door going into another room, the swirling magic no longer there.  Pim flew through, followed by Llyr and Natalie.  As soon as they were all through the portal, Pim hit a symbol at the top of the portal on the side they had just come through and the portal closed in a swirl of magic.










CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO


Pim settled onto the floor, puffing. “I should never have talked to that girl.”
“Why did the cave collapse?”  Natalie asked.
“Rebecca’s inferno must have damaged the supporting structure,” Pim said.
“And your rapid cooling further weakened it,” Llyr said, laying Rebecca on the floor.
Pim nodded. “I did not think of that.”
“Now what?”  Llyr said. “Where do we go from here?”
“Right now, we rest,” Pim said. “Unless you want to carry her.”
“No; I’m willing to wait until she can walk,” Llyr replied.
Pim flew over to Rebecca. “The magic melted her contacts.  Those burns will leave scars.”
“Can you do something for her?”  Llyr asked.
Pim shook his head. “Healing is my weakest area of magic.”
Llyr got the troll’s blood out of his bag.  He knelt beside her and pulled the cooled trails of plastic off of Rebecca’s face, taking a portion of flesh with each strip.  He dripped a drop of blood into each wound.  Rebecca groaned but stayed asleep as the wounds healed.
“That was nice of you,” Natalie said.  “What I want to know is how they found us?  I thought we left them behind in Denver.”
“Information is not hard to buy if you know where to look and who to purchase it from,” Pim said. “There are many other creatures that would have been willing to find and expose our location for the right price.”
“How did they get here before us?  How did they even know where we were going?”  Natalie asked.
“It would not be hard to guess where we were headed,” Pim said. “As to how they arrived there before us, that I cannot answer.”
“It would not be hard for my people to place them there,” Llyr said. “Especially if they knew where we were going before they came to this world.”
“What hope do we have then?”  Natalie said. “If they can find us wherever we are, what is the point in running?”
“Believe me when I say they will not send anyone to where we are going,” Pim told her. “I doubt they would be able to open a portal there.”
“Where are we going?”  Llyr said. “Who is this magic user you’re taking us too?”
“You’ll find out soon enough,” Pim said. “There are ears everywhere and I wouldn’t want to give away our secret.  Now, why did those Aldri know you?  You were very familiar with them.”
“They were companions in the Hunter conclave,” Llyr admitted.
“I thought you were a heretic,” Pim said.
“I am.  I never left the main population of Aldri after my conversion,” Llyr said.
“An internal spy,” Natalie said.
Pim studied him for a long moment. “Let us rest.  We will get going as soon as Rebecca wakes.”
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Llyr sat at the entrance of the cave, staring at the moon.  Only one moon; this world is so different from my own.  He looked back into the cave, the glow from the portal outlining his companions’ sleeping forms.  He studied the Caroba, who had fallen asleep soon after they had come through the portal, exhausted by his use of magic.
Why is he doing this?  Llyr wondered. The Carobas I’ve met are only interested in increasing their wealth.  He’s never mentioned that he’s getting any compensation for his efforts and he seems to have a genuine concern for these humans.  Why?
Llyr closed his eyes at feeling the medallion grow cold, Brother, you are the last person I want to talk to right now.  He reluctantly took out the medallion, making sure his companions were asleep before activating it.
“Tell me they’re alive, Llyr,” Daire said. “Tell me the Hunters are not dead.”
“I’m sorry, Daire, I can’t tell you that,” Llyr replied. “It appears that Brigid survived, but the girl killed the other two.”
Daire sighed. “You’re digging a hole for yourself, Llyr.  One I’m not sure I can help you out of.”
“You’d better get me out, considering you helped me dig the hole.” 
“How am I responsible?”
“I have been following your orders.  ‘Act like a heretic’  you said.  All of my actions are a result of those orders.” 
 “I didn’t tell you to kill them.”
“No, you didn’t tell them what my mission was and they would not believe me if I told them.  Heretics will say anything to save themselves, right?”
“Llyr, I told you before that I could not tell anyone of your task.  Now, tell me what happened.”
Llyr’s lips thinned at the effort to control himself from saying any more about his orders. “The Caroba led us to a portal that would take us to where the teacher is.  Brigid and the other Hunters killed the portal guardian and did not show themselves until we entered the portal chamber, cutting off our escape.  I wonder how they knew where we were going,” Daire averted his eyes for a second.
Llyr took a swift intake of air. “You told them we were heading south, didn’t you?”  Daire opened his mouth then closed it, unsure how to respond.
“How could you, Daire?  You had to know that would lead to someone dying.  Why?”
Daire’s face tightened. “Because the Overwizard commanded me to divulge your whereabouts.  He has been under extreme pressure to ensure that the cleansing of our new home goes smoothly.  Your mistake has already disrupted our plans and revealing your location has eased the pressure.”
“Their blood is on your hands.”
“You’re the one that killed them, Llyr, not I.”
“No.  I knocked Brigid out of the cave before the other two were killed by the girl I was sent to kill.”
“She has control of her magic?”
“No.  She unleashed an inferno that would have killed everyone but her if it weren’t for the Caroba. I killed no one this time,” Llyr waited for a response but his brother stayed silent.  “In fact, my actions saved Brigid’s life.  I knocked her out of the cave before the girl incinerated the others.  Make sure you make that clear in your report to the Overwizard.”
Daire nodded. “Did you hurt Brigid?”
“I may have broken her nose again.”
Daire laughed. “She was so mad at you last time.  Now she will be livid.”
“At least she’s alive,” Llyr said.
 “Now tell me where you are?”
Llyr began to laugh. “I don’t know; the Caroba never said.  I don’t think I would tell you if I knew.  At least this way, the Hunters will have to hunt.”
“When you find out where you are, contact me.”
“Why should I?  So you can send more Hunters to me.”
“It is important that we know where you are.  How are we to know where this teacher is unless you tell us your location?”
“I’ll contact you when I’ve found the teacher.  However, I won’t divulge my location until you have a plan.  That way I can be sure you won’t send any more surprises.”
 “To contact me, tap the diamond on your medallion three times, keeping your finger on the diamond after the third tap.” Daire reminded Llyr. His image then disappeared.
Llyr shut his eyes and leaned on the rock behind him, What is happening?  It’s as if my brother doesn’t care whether I live or die.  I know the Overwizard doesn’t but I thought my brother was beyond such callousness.  
Llyr walked back into the cave, crouching next to Rebecca, who was still unconscious.  The troll’s blood had done its job, not even leaving a scar.  Why is she so special?  Llyr thought as he gazed at her. Why was she supposed to be the first one killed?  What about her made a Caroba help her without a promise of payment?
Llyr brought up his hand and almost touched her face, pulling it back at the last second.  Do not get too close to her, Llyr.  She is still the enemy.  He stood and walked to where he had stacked the swords of his fellow Hunters.
Three swords, three dead Hunters.  If I had completed my mission, they would still be alive, I would be home, instead of on this world, wondering whether I will ever see home again.
Llyr shook his head and sat on the floor, resting his head against the wall.  Father believes I am a heretic and I think Daire is beginning to.  The moment Father accepted that news, I was dead to him.  And my brother won’t even tell him the truth.  Llyr’s gaze went to Rebecca’s sleeping form. Why couldn’t I kill her?  What god conspired against me, to lay this cruel fate upon me?
Llyr continued to study Rebecca, his eyes locked on her. Now you have a different problem, a part of him said. Do you want to kill her?
Llyr ripped his eyes away from her, the question burning his mind.  Something else burned more than the question. The answer:  I don’t know.








































CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE


The fire burned hot, shooting out from her.  Everything around her began to burn, melt, or turn to ash.  “No, No,” she said, trying to stop it but having no control of the fires flowing from her body.  “This is not the way it’s supposed to be.  I only want to help, to heal!”
The magic pulsed and the fires grew hotter, spreading farther and faster.  People ran away from her, screaming, the fire chasing after them.  Someone ran toward her, their entire body aflame.  They grasped her, their face melting…
Rebecca sat up, screaming.  The sound echoed through the cave, reverberating over and over again.  She stopped screaming and covered her ears, the sound pounding her head.
Soon the echoing stopped but Rebecca kept her hands over her head and brought her knees up to her chest, resting her head on them.  She began to shake as she cried, tears running down her face.
She felt hands touch her and she tensed, not sure who it was.
“Rebecca, what’s the matter?”  a female voice said.
Rebecca lifted her head and saw Natalie sitting beside her.
“You’re alive,” Rebecca exclaimed, throwing her arms around Natalie, relief flooding through her. “I thought I had killed you.”
“Pim saved us,” Natalie explained. “I guess he could feel what you were going to do.”
Rebecca turned her head, seeing Pim and Llyr, standing nearby, concern on their faces.  Tears fell from her eyes.  She jumped up and embraced Llyr.  “I thought I had killed you all.”
Llyr gently withdrew himself from her arms. “We’re okay.”
Rebecca laughed a little. “What about the Aldri?  What happened to them?”
“They…are gone,” Natalie said, averting her eyes.
“Gone?  You mean they left?”  Rebecca said, the smile leaving her face.
“They are dead,” Llyr told her.
Rebecca gasped. “Did…did I kill them?”
“I knocked one out of the cave before you cast your spell,” Llyr said, bitterness in his voice. “You destroyed the others.”
“Destroyed?  What do you mean, destroyed?”  Rebecca said, her voice trembling.
“There was nothing left of them, Rebecca,” Natalie said. “We only found their swords.”
Rebecca’s knees gave out and she fell to the floor, sobbing again. “I didn’t mean to do it.  I wanted to stop the fighting, wrap them in air so they couldn’t move.  But I couldn’t control it, it hurt so much, I had to let it go.”
“That is why you need to be trained,” Pim said, drawing everyone’s attention. “Rebecca, you need to listen to me.  When I say do not experiment, I mean, do not experiment!  You almost killed all of us back there.”
“I don’t want to learn how to use magic,” Rebecca said.  “Look at what it has done.”
“That happened because you could not control it,” Pim explained. “After you are taught, you will be able to do the things you want, like wrapping people in air.”
“No, I don‘t want anything to do with magic,” Rebecca said. “Do whatever it is you do and make this portal take me back to where we were.”
“I cannot do that,” Pim told her.
“You cannot?  What do you mean, you cannot?”  Rebecca shot back. “Or is it that you won’t?”
“Rebecca,” Natalie said, her voice gentle. “the cave collapsed.  We barely escaped through the portal.”
Rebecca stared at her. “Fine, I’ll find another way home,” She stood and went to the cave entrance.  Outside all she saw were mountains and felt a cool breeze with the scent of trees across her face.  “Where are we?”
“Northwest Wales.”
The answer struck Rebecca like a wrecking ball, breaking her resolve.  She sank to the floor, sobbing.
“We’re in Great Britain?”  Natalie asked, drawing a nod from Pim. “I’ve always wanted to visit the British Isles.”
“We’re stuck here,” Rebecca said between sobs. “We have no passports, no visas.  If we tried to do anything here, we would be arrested.  I wish I had never met you, Pim.”
“You would be dead right now if you had not met me,” Pim reminded her.
“At least I wouldn’t be a killer,” Rebecca replied, her voice thick with bitterness. “At least I wouldn’t be thousands of miles from my home, with no way of getting back.”
“What would being dead accomplish?”  Llyr asked.
“Those Aldri I killed would still be alive,” Rebecca said.
“And they would go kill more humans,” Llyr responded.
“What?”  Rebecca said, looking at him.
“They came to kill you,” Llyr explained. “They would have also killed me, Natalie and Pim.  They had no reservations about doing this.  It is what they were trained to do.  Once they had killed us, they would have been sent to the next target.  That’s all we were to them: targets.  They do not care whether other species live or die, only that the Aldri stay alive.”
“That’s horrible,” Rebecca said. “I don’t understand how your people can be like that; all creatures have a right to live.”
“And because you killed them, they will kill no more,” Llyr said.
“Doesn’t make it right,” Rebecca said.
“Self-defense is no crime, even among human laws,” Pim said. “That is what you did; you defended yourself and your friends from an aggressive foe.”
Natalie came and sat by her. “I am glad you did what you did, even if you didn’t mean to; I did not want to die.”
Rebecca turned her head away, looking out of the cave. “Pim, how do I get home?  I don’t want to be here.”
“Have you listened to anything that has been said?”  Pim said. “By killing those assassins, you saved lives.”
“Are you saying that the fact that they might have killed again is an excuse to kill them?  I can’t accept that.”
“Whether or not you accept that, the fact is that they would have killed again,” Llyr told her. “There is no might about it.”
“Exactly my point,” Pim said. “By learning magic, you can save lives.  You are part of this war the Aldri have started.  They will not stop until you are dead.”
Rebecca glared at the two of them. “Are you going to tell me how to get home or not?”
“No,” Pim answered.
“Fine, I’ll find my own way, even if I do get arrested.” Rebecca stood up and walked out of the cave.
“Rebecca, wait,” Natalie ran after her, stopping in front of her. “Don’t do this; you’ll end up dead.”
“You don’t know that,” Rebecca replied.
“Yes, I do.  Both Pim and Llyr agree that the Aldri will not stop hunting you until you’re dead.  I heard you say you want to help people.  What good will you do if you’re dead, either by the Aldri or some accident in these mountains?”
“I don’t like killing.”
“Neither do I, but we’re the only ones who know about this war.  If we don’t fight it, who will?”
Rebecca closed her eyes, tears forming.
“At least you can come and meet the teacher.  If you wish to still leave, he might tell you how to get home.”
Rebecca opened her eyes and turned around. “Take us to this teacher.”
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Llyr walked behind Natalie and Rebecca as they followed Pim through the mountains.  What is happening to me?  he thought. Why did I tell Rebecca that it was alright that she killed them?  I made it sound like it was a good thing.  Lying is becoming too easy for me.
Are you lying anymore?  A part of him asked.  Llyr touched the swords that were wrapped together and strapped to his back: Aeron, Urien, Lleu.  Fellow Hunters that were dead because of him.  One he had killed himself and the other two were dead because of the girl he had been sent to assassinate.
My hands are stained with the blood of my kindred.  Llyr thought, looking at his hands, Maybe the Convocation was right to brand me a heretic.  Llyr shook his head, I am doing this to ensure a future for my people, to gain a new world from which we can achieve our destiny.
The thoughts gave no comfort to Llyr, haunted by the memory of the last moments of the one he had killed.  His eyes, I will never forget his eyes.  Llyr ran into Natalie, nearly knocking her over.
“Watch it,” Natalie said. “Aren’t you paying attention?”
“Sorry,” Llyr said. “Why have we stopped?”
“I don’t know,” Natalie told him.
Pim was a few yards ahead of them, flying around a large boulder.  He landed on top of it, then jumped off, floating to the ground.  He walked around the rock, knocking on it at spaced intervals.  After a minute of doing that, he flew to another, similar boulder, repeating the process.
Llyr looked at Rebecca, giving her a questioning look.  She shrugged her shoulders.  As Pim began to examine the fifth boulder, Llyr grew tired of waiting and was about to ask what he was doing.
“Here it is,” Pim said all of a sudden. “Llyr, come roll this to the side.”
Llyr walked to the boulder, studying it. “This boulder is bound to be very heavy.  I doubt I can move it.”
“You can trust me,” Pim told him. “Don’t start pushing until I tell you to.”
Llyr placed his hands on the boulder, setting his feet. “Whenever you’re ready.”
Pim put one of his hands on the boulder, muttering, his eyes closed.  After a minute, his opened his eyes. “Push.”
Llyr threw all of his weight into the boulder, pushing as hard as he could.  The boulder moved easily, causing Llyr to stumble.  The boulder rolled away, revealing a hole big enough for a human to fall into.  Llyr managed to not fall in, spreading his legs out to either side of the hole.  He threw his arms out in front of him, ready to catch the boulder if it rolled back.  It didn’t, staying at the edge of the hole.
Llyr threw a reproachful look at Pim. “You could have warned me.”
Pim only smiled, taking a small object out of his pouch.  He sang, causing the object to enlarge.  He stopped singing and they could see that the object was a long coil of rope with a grappling hook at the end.
“Find a place to secure this,” Pim told Llyr, nodding at the grappling hook.
“We’re going into that hole?”  Rebecca asked.
“Yes,” Pim said.
“Who is it you are taking us to see?”  Rebecca said.
“You will see,” Pim said. “He’s reclusive and does not like visitors.  You have no idea how much it cost me to find out about this entrance.”
“He doesn’t like visitors?”  Rebecca said. “And you’re taking us to see him.  Who are you taking us to?  I’m tired of this secretive act.”
“Humor me,” Pim told her. “I have my reasons.” His eyes flickered toward Llyr.
Llyr came back from securing the grappling hook, not missing the exchange or the vague reference to him. Pim still doesn’t trust me.  Either he’s paranoid or smarter than I thought.  Or maybe I’ve misjudged Carobas.
Llyr didn’t like what was happening to him; everything he had been taught, things that he should do, things he shouldn’t do, how the races were supposed to be, was being shattered.  He didn’t know how much more of this he could take.
“The rope is secure,” Llyr told Pim. “Who goes down first?”
“Have either of you climbed ropes or done any rappelling?”  Pim asked Natalie and Rebecca.  They both shook their heads.
“Let me check things out.” Pim flew down into the hole and was down there for only a couple of minutes.
	“The bottom is about twenty feet down,” Pim said when he came back. “We’ll lower the girls down first; I left a light down there and made sure that there was nothing dangerous.  Who wants to go first?”
“I will,” Natalie said. “How am I going to get down?”
“We’ll tie the rope around you and lower you down,” Pim told her.
They tied the rope around her and lowered her into the hole, Llyr easing the rope down.  When she got to the bottom, she untied the rope and they hauled it back up, repeating the process with Rebecca.  
“You do know how to climb down a rope?”  Pim said to Llyr.
Llyr gave Pim a hard look, not answering the question with words.
“Just making sure,” Pim said, holding up his hands.
Llyr grasped the rope, wrapping it loosely around one leg with his foot as he began to descend.  He quickly descended the twenty feet, dropping onto the floor beside the girls.
The walls of the cave they were in were completely smooth as if someone had polished them.  
“What would make the walls shine like that?”  Natalie asked, picking up the lantern Pim had left for light. “It’s almost as if the walls were melted.”
“They were,” Llyr said. “I’ve seen this before.”
“What would cause this to happen?”  Natalie said.
“Certain giant worms who use superheat or acid to tunnel; a phoenix being reborn; a powerful wizard,” Llyr told her. “There are a number of things that could do this.”
Natalie looked at him, her eyes troubled. “Even with what I have seen the last few days, it’s still hard to believe you.  I need to get used to all these things that I thought were fantasy.”
“At least you have some knowledge of them,” Rebecca said. “I never cared for fantasy; always thought it was a waste of time.”
“What’s a waste of time?”  Pim said, flying down beside them, the rope and grapple hook back in his pouch.
“Nothing,” Rebecca said, her eyes sad.
“Natalie has brought up a good question and I think you know the answer,” Llyr said to Pim. “What melted these walls?”
“I’m not sure,” Pim said, inspecting the walls. “From the patterns on the wall, I would have to say an acid worm.”
“I hope we don’t run into it,” Llyr said, loosening his sword in its sheath. “They are difficult to kill.”
“True but I doubt we will run into the worm that did this.  This was not done recently,” Pim flew over to Natalie, landing on her shoulder. “We go that way.”
They followed the tunnel, which was smooth except for the occasional ripple where the acid had burned more earth away.  They entered a larger tunnel that ran perpendicular to the tunnel they exited.
“What happened to the stalactites?”  Rebecca said, staring at the ceiling. “They look like they’ve been broken off.”
Llyr glanced up, seeing that Rebecca was right.  Down the length of the tunnel, the stalactites had been broken off, yet there was no debris on the floor.  He looked closer, noticing that the length of the huge tunnel was free from any obstructions.
“It looks like some kind of run,” Llyr commented. “What would need a run of this size?”
Pim shrugged his shoulders. “Go into that cave.”
Llyr continued to study the tunnel, There are only a few things that would need a run this big and I don’t want to meet any of them.
Natalie’s sharp intake of breath brought Llyr out of his thoughts.  His eyes widened as he saw what made her gasp.
“The dragon’s hoard,” Pim said, awe in his voice. “It is a magnificent sight.”
“dragon?”  Llyr turned and drew his sword, searching for the dragon, ignoring the mountains of gold and silver, jewels and weapons, shining armor and marvelous works of art.  “You brought us to see a dragon?”
Out of the corner of his eye he saw movement and turned as the dragon’s head shot forward, mouth open wide.  Someone shoved him, pushing him to the floor.





















CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR


Rebecca started to breathe again, dragon saliva soaking her.  The dragon’s mouth was shut mere inches away from her.  The dragon’s red head filled her vision, air from its nostrils blowing onto her.  It tilted its head down, gazing at her with red, golden eyes.  A pair of long horns swept back behind its head, a mane-like fan of skin on both sides.
“Why did you save that creature, human?”  the dragon asked, its beard like tendrils shaking under its mouth.
“Um….Um…” Rebecca couldn’t speak, staring at the large creature that was talking to her.  Part of her said to run but she was kept in place by the frightful gaze of the dragon.
“Answer me,” She shook as the air around her rippled as the dragon spoke.
“He…he…he is my friend,” Rebecca said after a moment.
“Your friend?”  the dragon said. “Aldri have no friends who are not Aldri.  It would be better if you let me kill him.”
“You don’t even know him,” Rebecca told the dragon. “Why would you want to kill him?”
The dragon turned to look at Llyr, who was still on the floor, staring at the dragon. “What spell has he put on you to deceive you?”
“He has done nothing to deceive me,” Rebecca said, standing up straighter, her fear beginning to settle. “His actions toward me have only been honorable.”
The dragon looked at her, studying her for a moment. “Caroba, why have you disturbed me, bringing these humans and this thing into my home?”
“Magnificent one,” Pim began. “we are sorry to disturb you and…”
“Spare me your flattering words, Caroba,” the dragon interrupted. “I am no dragonling, easily distracted by a honeyed tongue.  Keep your answers short and to the point.”
Pim bowed his head. “As you wish.  I have come to request that you train these humans in the art of magic.”
 The dragon’s intense look was momentarily replaced by one of surprise. “You wish me to teach these humans magic?  I have not taken an apprentice in over fifteen hundred years.”
“I am aware of that,” Pim told him. “And were circumstances different, I would not be seeking your help.  The Aldri have begun their preparations for invading this world.  This Aldri claims to be a heretic, sent by his fellows to stop the Archwizard’s minions from killing these girls, whose magical abilities are a threat to their plans.”
The dragon was now looking at Llyr, his expression thoughtful. “This one has helped you?”
“Yes,” Pim acknowledged.
“You have earned your life, Aldri,” the dragon said, looming over Llyr. “For now.  If you give me any reason to doubt you, I will kill you.”
Llyr stood up, replacing his sword but never taking his eyes off the dragon.
“As for training these children...” He turned his gaze to Natalie, studying her, drawing her eyes to his.  She squirmed under his gaze, her face blanching but never broke eye contact.  After a few minutes, he released her from his stare and turned his gaze on Rebecca, looking into her eyes.  Rebecca felt drawn into the dragon’s golden stare.  She felt as if she were in a dream, soaring through the clouds, her wings outstretched, catching the wind, letting it hold her aloft.
She blinked, tearing her eyes away.
The dragon nodded. “I will train them.  Wait here.” He turned around, his long tail swinging above them, his wings tucked against his side, as he walked away from them.  
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
 “I almost wet my pants when that dragon appeared,” Natalie commented. “I’ve never been so scared in my life.”
“At least he didn’t try to kill you,” Llyr replied. “I’m surprised to be alive.  Thank you, Rebecca.”
Rebecca shrugged, not saying a word.  She had been staring after the dragon since he left. “Pim, why does the dragon hate the Aldri?”
Pim’s face grew sad. “That is quite the question, one I cannot specifically answer.  From what I understand, the dragons and the Aldri are the oldest races in the universe.  They were once allies, working to teach the younger races, helping them to develop in a wise manner.  They spread across the universe, sharing their wisdom. It is said that their homeworld  was paradise.  There are many stories giving different accounts of what happened to break the alliance but they all agree on several points: first, an Aldri calling himself the Archwizard gained power and began to search for ways to extend his life, jealous of a dragon’s long life.  A dragon will live for over ten thousand years but an Aldri will only live, at most, for five hundred years.”
“After a time, the Aldri betrayed the dragons, killing many of them.  The Aldri underestimated the dragons, however, and the dragons burned every one of their cities across the universe.”
	“If the dragons destroyed all of the Aldri cities, why are they still alive?”  Natalie asked.
“The Archwizard escaped the decimation with many of his people, fleeing to a world unknown to the dragons,” Pim said.  “The dragons, their world devastated by the war, spread throughout the universe searching for the Aldri.  Many have settled on many worlds to protect the younger races from the Archwizard’s madness.”
“Their war never stopped?”  Rebecca said.
“No, it did not,” Pim said. “The Aldri kill dragons wherever they find them and the dragons kill Aldri just as passionately.  It is remarkable that you were able to stop this dragon from killing Llyr.”
“You knew that the dragon would try to kill Llyr, didn’t you?”  Rebecca said, anger rising within her.
Pim nodded.
“And yet you brought us here, willing to throw his life away,” Rebecca said.
“This dragon is the only one that can teach you to use magic,” Pim said. “I was not going to let the fact that Llyr was with us stop me from bringing you here.  If he had to die to enable you to learn magic, so be it.  This world needs wizards if we are going to fend off the Aldri and I’m not going to let one Aldri hinder your education, even one who claims to want to help us.”
Rebecca glared at Pim. “Have you no value for life?”
“I value life very much,” Pim told her, matching her glare. “But I will not save one and sacrifice billions.  You may not have realized this but that is what is at stake here.  Once you get that through your thick skull, you will be better off.”
“This is quite a lively discussion you are having,” someone said.
They both looked to where the voice came from and saw a man, floating toward them.  He wore a white robe.  I can see right through him.  Rebecca noticed, edging away.
“Do not be afraid,” the ghost said. “I’m not going to harm you.  Lord Havaar has directed me to escort you to the testing area.”
“Lord Havaar?”  Rebecca said.
“The dragon,” Pim replied.
The ghost nodded. “Please follow me.”
He turned and led them through the cave.  He waved his hand and all of the treasure in the cave shimmered and disappeared, leaving the room barren.
“It wasn’t real?”  Natalie asked, her voice filled with disappointment.
“It would be foolish for Lord Havaar to keep his treasure in a room that was so accessible,” the ghost answered.
“Why the illusion?”  Natalie said.
“It’s a decoy,” Llyr stated. “To distract those who come to his lair, giving him time to study them and to discern their intentions.”
The ghost nodded, confirming Llyr’s statement.  He led them through a small exit at the side of the cavern which led into an area that was obviously cut rather than formed by natural processes.  
They entered a long hallway, the ceiling high above them and wide enough for two people to walk side by side comfortably.  Pools of glowing liquid hung in glass containers evenly spaced along the walls, illuminating marvelous carvings that decorated the length of the hallway.
“Do these carvings tell a story?”  Rebecca asked, gazing at one of the walls.
“Yes,” the ghost answered. “The story of every one of Lord Havaar’s human apprentices is engraved on walls throughout the complex.    If you survive the training, your story will be added to the walls.”
If I survive the training; I don’t like the sound of that.  Rebecca thought to herself.
Large wooden doors, carved with stories as well, stood at the end of the hall.  The doors opened as they approached, leading to a walkway that ran along the wall of a huge cavern.
Rebecca stopped at the railing that edged the walkway.  Columned walkways ran along every wall, down the depth and height of the cavern.  “How many floors are in this place?”
“One hundred,” The ghost said. “This was once the center of magical learning.”
“How do you hide this?”  Natalie asked. “We have tools that detect what is beneath the earth.  How would you keep people who explore caves from discovering this?”
“Your technology is not that hard to fool,” the ghost said. “And explorers are easily kept from coming near here.  Come now; Lord Havaar is waiting.”
	As they made their way down the walkway, Rebecca studied the cavern.  She could see other ghosts going in and out of rooms.  Each pillar they passed was decorated with depictions of what looked like battles.
“Are the carvings on the pillars stories as well?”  Natalie asked.
“Each of Lord Havaar’s battles is recorded on the pillars,” the ghost told them.
“So there are pillars that are left blank,” Rebecca said.
“No, every pillar is decorated in this way,” The ghost replied.
“That’s not possible.  Nothing lives that long.”
“Lord Havaar has witnessed the entire span of humanity’s written history.”
“That would make him at least…”  Rebecca thought for a moment. “at least six thousand years old.”
“That is correct.”
“I told you that dragons can live for over ten thousand years,” Pim said.
“Here we are,” the ghost said, stopping next to a door. “I believe you will find Lord Havaar waiting inside.”



















CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE


They entered the room and found a man examining a clear jewel the size of Rebecca’s hand.  The man wore a white shirt with long sleeves, which tied at the neck.  His pants were brown, no buttons or zipper on them.  His face was strong; a square, clean shaved chin, a wide nose and red golden eyes.  She stared at him for a moment.  His eyes are exactly like mine.  A hood covered his hair, connected to a brown cloak that hung on his shoulders, a gold chain connecting the two sides of the cloak. 
“Sit down,” the man said. “I’m not quite ready.”
“Are you Lord Havaar?”  Rebecca asked as she sat on the stone bench along the wall.
“Yes.”
“I thought that Havaar was the dragon,” Rebecca said.
“I am the dragon.”
Rebecca looked at her companions; all but Pim seemed doubtful of the claim.
“Dragons have many magical abilities.  Changing shape is one of them,” Pim said.
“There are few of us who study this form of magic,” Havaar said, turning to them. “I felt it necessary that I be able to appear human while I dwell on this world.”
“Why did you choose to live here?”  Natalie asked.
“I was appointed as the watcher and guardian of this planet and her species.” Havaar turned around. “What are your names?”
“Rebecca.”
“Natalie.”
“Natalie, stand here.” Havaar moved to the other side of the crystal.
Natalie stood by the crystal, across from Havaar. “What are we doing?”
“This crystal aids me in determining how you utilize magical energy.  You only need to stand there.  I will do the rest.” Havaar touched the crystal with his fingertips, his eyes closed.
The crystal began to emit light from its peak.  The light enveloped Natalie.  Rebecca turned away, closing her eyes.  She still saw the brightness, despite the precautions.  The light stung her eyes as if she were looking at the sun.    The light began to fade and she opened her eyes, bright spots still in her vision.
“Interesting,” Havaar muttered as he took his hands off the crystal, looking up to study Natalie.
“What’s so interesting?”  Natalie said.
“You’re not a wizard.  You are an Energy Mage.”
“A what?”  Natalie asked
“There are five main schools of magic; Fire, Earth, Air, Water, and Energy.  Most humans can only use one or two of the schools.  You are one of the few that is focused on energy.”
Natalie had a confused look on her face. “I’ve never heard of an energy mage.  What can an energy mage do?”
“Energy mages are adept at creating and maintaining barriers.”
 “Barriers?  What kind of barriers?”
“We will discuss this more as your training progresses.  Rebecca, please step up to the crystal.”
Rebecca stood and walked hesitantly over to the crystal.  The light had been so bright, she wasn’t sure if she wanted to be in the middle of it.  As soon as she was next to the crystal, the light engulfed her.
Inside, the light was not bright.  It reminded her of when, as a child, she would wrap a freshly dried white sheet around her.  This was as warm and she could feel the magical energy flowing around her.  She closed her eyes and relaxed, a part of her reaching for the magic.
Suddenly, the warmth and magic were gone.  She opened her eyes to find Havaar glaring at her.
“Don’t do that,” Havaar said.
“Do what?”  Rebecca said, a little confused.
“Draw in the magic,” Havaar said. “I will not be able to determine your abilities if you have any magic within you.  Release the magic you drew in and we’ll begin again.”
Rebecca licked her lips, a little hesitant to ask a question. “How…how do I release it?”
“You release it.  You can feel where it’s stored, can’t you?”
“Yeah.”
“Concentrate on that area and release, like you would a bird in your hand.”
Rebecca closed her eyes, feeling for the part of her that had the magic.  Release, she thought but nothing changed.  Like releasing a bird.  She concentrated more on the magic she held and consciously relaxed the area around.  
She gave a small gasp as the magic left her.
“Good,” Havaar said. “Do not draw in any magic, no matter how tempting it is.”
 The sheet of magic surrounded her again and she struggled to keep from drawing in the energy.  Sweat beaded on her brow as she tried to manage her instincts.  I don’t know how much longer I can control it.
The sheet of magic disappeared and the strain lessened to a manageable level.
“Difficult to control?”  Havaar asked.  Rebecca nodded.  “I’m not surprised.”
“Well,” Pim said. “what is she?”
“A true wizard,” Havaar said.  “This title reflects the fact that she can manipulate all five principle magical schools.  You will learn about all of the schools in the course of your training.  For now, you will be shown to your rooms.  Feel free to explore and rest; your training will begin early tomorrow.” The ghost that had led them before appeared through the door.
“Show them to their rooms,” Havaar instructed.
The ghost bowed to him before turning to the others. “If you will please follow me.”
“I will join you in a moment,” Pim said. “I need to discuss some things with Lord Havaar.”
Rebecca followed the ghost with the others.  The walkway turned into stairs after rounding the walls of the cavern.  The stairs dropped ten feet to another walkway.  The ghost turned, leading them until they came to another set of stairs located directly beneath the stairs they had just used.  
“Are the stairs the only way to get from floor to floor?”  Rebecca asked after they had descended two more flights of stairs.
“No,” The ghost said. “There is another way.”
“What is the other way?”  Natalie asked.
“There are tunnels that transport you from level to level,” the ghost explained.
“Like an elevator?”
The ghost looked at her and nodded.
After descending a dozen flights of stairs, the ghost turned onto a walkway and stepped through a plain door.  The room they entered had a couple of couches around a small table.  Except for the glowing balls attached to the walls, the rest of the room was empty.  There were four doors, two on the right wall and two on the left,  
“These will be your rooms.  Choose whichever room you wish.  They are all the same.  If you have any questions about the complex, ring the bell by the door and someone will arrive shortly to help you.” The ghost turned to leave.
“Wait,” Rebecca said.  
The ghost turned back. “Do you already have a question?”
Rebecca nodded. “You never told us your name.”
“Forgive me,” the ghost said. “It has been a long time since we had human visitors.  My name is Lucretius.”
“Where does that name come from?”  Natalie asked.
“Rome,” Lucretius said. “I suppose it would be ancient Rome to you.  According to your calendar, I was hired by Lord Havaar in 2 B.C.  That would be just over two thousand years of service.”
Rebecca looked at Natalie, who was mouthing two thousand. “Is there no place for you to go?  An afterlife?”
“Of course there is.  When I died, I chose to stay here to continue serving Lord Havaar.”
Rebecca had nothing else to say. He chose to stay here?
“Do you have any other questions?”
Rebecca stared for a moment before answering. “Yes; we didn’t have time to bring anything with us.  I, for one, would like to have a few changes of clothes.”
“That would be nice,” Natalie put in.
“Of course; I will send the seamstress to take your measurements.  Anything else?”
“Where can we find some food?”  Llyr asked.
Lucretius smiled. “Descend three floors and enter the door on the north side.  That is the dining area.  Once there, you will be able to request food.  I have things to do to prepare for your training.  If you have any other questions, ring the bell and you will be seen to,” He descended through the floor.
“I could really use a shower or bath,” Rebecca muttered.
“We don’t even have anything to change into,” Natalie pointed out. “It’s no good to clean yourself just to put back on dirty clothes.”
“It would still be nice to know where the showers are,” Rebecca said.
“I’m sure this seamstress will know where they are,” Natalie said. “Right now there’s a more important question to answer.”
Rebecca looked at her. “What question would that be?”
“Which room do you want?”
Llyr turned to a door on the right wall. “I’ll take this room.” He went through the door, closing it behind him.
“What’s up with him?”  Natalie said.
“I don’t know,” Rebecca said.
“Can’t you tell?  You are soul-linked.”
“I know where he is but I can’t tell what he’s thinking or what he’s feeling.”
“That’s too bad,” Natalie said. “So, which room are you going to take?”
Rebecca stared at her. “You’re in a good mood.  What happened?  You seemed disappointed after Havaar told you that you were a mage.”
“I was disappointed and a little bitter.  My Dad used to say ‘The person you hurt the most by being bitter is yourself.’  So, I decided to stop being bitter and look at the good things.  I’m looking forward to training.”
“I wish I did.”
“Why don’t you?  We’re learning magic.  It’s amazing.  From what Pim has told us, you will be the first human wizard since Merlin.”
Rebecca shook her head. “I never wanted this.  I thought books and movies about magic and fantasy were a waste of time.  You should be the one who is the wizard; at least you are excited to learn.”
Natalie gave Rebecca a small hug. “It will be okay.  At least you’re not alone.”
“That’s true.”
“All right, let’s get this done.” Both of them jumped at hearing the stern voice behind them.
“No time for staring,”  a short and pudgy female ghost said. “Take off your clothes so I can take your measurements.”
Rebecca blushed. “Can’t we do this in our rooms?”
“Very well.  Which one is your room?”
“I guess I’ll take this one,” Natalie said, going through the door across from the door Llyr went through.
“I won’t be a moment,” the ghost said. “Chose a room and I’ll be with you shortly.”
Rebecca looked at the two remaining doors, I don’t suppose it matters which room I pick.  She walked to the door that was on the same side as the room Natalie chose but paused with her hand on the handle, What about the soul link?  Llyr said the further away he is from me, the more it pulses.  He shouldn’t have to deal with that.  She let go of the handle and walked across the hall, entering the room adjacent to Llyr’s.
As she entered, a globe full of liquid began to glow, brightening the room.  The room was small and simple.  There was a bed, barely big enough for her to sleep in but neatly made.  A tall wardrobe stood in the far corner with a small mirror on the door.  A desk was lined up against the wall with a chair tucked underneath.
Despite the simple appearance of the furniture, Rebecca could tell it was well made, of a dark wood.  The bed was soft, as was the pillow.  The blanket on the bed felt cozy, made of soft wool.  She opened the wardrobe, finding it empty.  There were bars for hanging clothes and two drawers underneath the doors.
Rebecca sighed, closing the wardrobe. I wonder what kind of clothes they will give me.




























CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX


Llyr was resting on his bed, staring at the ceiling. She saved my life, again.  The dragon allowed me to stay because of her.
He sat up, placing his feet on the floor.  I’ve found the teacher.  Who would have thought it would be a dragon?  I promised to contact my brother when I found the teacher but that will get Rebecca killed.  She’s saved my life twice and I’m supposed to stand aside and allow her to die.
The struggle between his duty and his honor gave him quite the dilemma.  His honor demanded that he stay with Rebecca until he repaid the deed.  Yet, his duty demanded that he serve his people by telling his brother where this teacher was.
What’s more important?  My people or myself?  Llyr took out the medallion, staring at it.  After a long moment, he put it down, tapping the diamond three times, I must look beyond myself for the good of my people.
He kept his finger on the diamond until it went cold.  As soon as his finger left the diamond, the image of his brother appeared. 
“Llyr, I wasn’t sure you would report back.”
“I’m doing this for the good of our people,” Llyr stated.
Daire nodded. “I assume you have found the human teacher?  Good; tell me where you are…”
“Brother, there is something you should know,” Llyr said softly.
“And I’ll arrange a raid to terminate the threats…”  Daire said, not hearing Llyr.
“Daire,” Llyr spoke a little louder.
“And retrieve you.  I’ll be…”
“Daire!”
Daire stopped talking, startled by Llyr’s yell. “What?”
“The teacher isn’t human.”
Daire shook his head. “That’s ridiculous.  Only a human could teach other humans magic.”
“Not in this case.”
“Well, if it isn’t a human, what is it?”
“A dragon,” Llyr whispered.
Daire’s eyes widened and his face became pale.  Before he said anything, his image blurred and was replaced by another.
“Are you sure?”
Llyr bowed his head before answering. “Quite sure, Overwizard.  He almost killed me.”
“Why aren’t you dead?”
“The human I was sent to kill pushed me out of the way.”
“Then she is dead?”
Llyr shook his head. “The dragon stopped his attack when she saved me.  She arranged for me to stay here, though I was thoroughly warned not to do anything wrong.”
The Overwizard’s eyes showed a frenzied fear. “This ruins many of my plans.  Is he alone?  Does he appear to have an army?”
“I saw no other dragon, my Lord, but the complex he uses as his lair is vast and I saw many golems stationed throughout.”
“Hunter, you will have to stay there and observe this dragon.”
“My Lord?”
“I cannot afford to lose the thousands it would take to kill this dragon.  Another way must be found.  You will find this dragon’s weaknesses while we explore other options that are available for taking this world.”
“I will do as you say, my Lord.”
“Report back when you have found the dragon’s weakness, otherwise we will have no contact.” The image blurred and disappeared.
Llyr put the medallion back under his shirt.  How am I supposed to spy on a dragon? 
A ghost floated through his door. “Stand up and strip.”
“Excuse me?”
“I’m here to take your measurements unless you plan to wear those rags every day.”
Still not sure what the ghost was going to do, he stood and began to remove his clothes, all in a daze.  What have I  gotten myself into?
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Rebecca left her room and found Natalie relaxing on one of the couches.
“Did you get the name of that ghost?”  Rebecca asked, sitting down on the other couch.
Natalie shook her head.
“Did she leave?”
“She went into Llyr’s room.”
“I wonder want kind of clothes they’ll give us,” Rebecca said.
“Probably robes of some kind,” Natalie said. “That’s what wizards wear in all the stories.”
“Since we’ve met, how much of what you’ve seen is the same as the stories?”
“Not much; look at Pim.  The books I’ve read say that imps are evil, malicious demons.  Except for his wings and eyes, he doesn’t fit the imps that are described.  And I thought mages and wizards were the same things.”
“I guess that magic has been hidden for so long that no human knows what it’s like.”
Natalie nodded.
The seamstress came out through Llyr’s door, stopping when she saw them. “Clothes will be put in you wardrobes before nightfall.” she swept out of the room through the closed door.
A moment later the door opened and Pim flew in, shivering. “It is most unpleasant when a ghost passes through you.  I can almost feel my death.”
“Did you have a nice chat with Havaar?”  Natalie inquired.
“We conducted some business,” Pim said. “Lord Havaar has asked me to do a task for him.  I have come to say my farewells.”
“Will we see you again?”  Rebecca said, unsettled at the thought of being left here without him.
“Of course,” Pim reassured her. “I will need to report to Lord Havaar when I have completed the task.  Now, I really must be going.  I have a lot of ground to cover.  Until we meet again, may your fortunes increase.”
Rebecca stared at the door as it shut behind Pim, a tear welling up in her eye.
“You okay?”  Natalie asked.
Rebecca scrubbed away the tear. “Yeah, I’m okay.  He was kind to me and saved my life.  Though strange, he was a comfort, if only a little.  I’m glad we found you before we came here though.”
“Why?”
“I don’t want to be alone with all these magical creatures.”
“What about Llyr?”
“He’s been good but kept his distance; like he was trying not to become a friend.”
Natalie nodded. “I noticed that, too.  It’s been worse since the fight at the portal.”
“Who knows what’s bothering him?”  Rebecca stood up. “Shall we go find the dining room and get something to eat?”
“Shouldn’t we wait for Llyr?”
	“No.” Rebecca walked over to Llyr’s door and knocked on it.
	“What are you doing?”
	“Not waiting for him.  He should be able to tell us if he wants to come.” Rebecca raised her hand to knock again when the door opened.
Llyr opened the door, took one look at them and stepped out, closing the door behind him. “I assume that you two would like to go eat?”
“Yes.”
They exited the apartments and made their way down to the level that Lucretius had said the dining hall was on.  As they descended the stairs, Natalie jumped down the last couple steps.
“Look at this,” Natalie said, walking up to a statue standing in the dark corner.  It stood over eight feet tall, holding a long spear and a shield, a sword sheathed at its waist.  The entire statue was precisely detailed to look human in black obsidian, though the shield and weapons it held were metal.
“It almost looks alive,” Natalie said, reaching to touch it.
“I wouldn’t touch it,” Llyr told Natalie.
“Why not?”  Natalie said, her hand barely half a foot from its face. “It’s not like I can break it.”
“But it might break you.  It is a golem.”
Natalie snatched her hand back. “A golem?”  
Llyr nodded.
“What’s a golem?”  Rebecca asked, studying it.
“Inanimate material given life through magic,” Llyr said.
“Life?”  Rebecca said skeptically.
“As good a word as any.  Golems are created for specific purposes, most of the time for defense.  They can be ordered to react aggressively to any who touch them without permission.”
“Are there more of them?”  Rebecca said, taking a step back.
“In every corner on every floor we’ve been on.”
Rebecca looked around, spotting the golems, surprised that she had not seen them before.
“How do you know it’s a golem?”  Natalie asked.
“I can feel the magic within them,” Llyr told her.
Rebecca looked back at the golem and reached out with the part of herself she was beginning to associate with magic, feeling for magical energy.  “I feel no magic within this thing.”
“I would be surprised if you could,” Llyr said. “Among my people, it is a rare gift.  Any who are found to possess it are required to join the Hunter conclave.”
“So you can feel magic within people?”  Natalie asked as they continued to the dining hall.
Llyr nodded. “I am also able to follow the trails of magical residue left by magic users.”
“Magical residue?”
“Whenever someone casts a spell, it leaves a residue that clings to the magic user.  This slowly comes off the person, leaving a trail I can follow.  The stronger the spell, the longer the trail lasts.”
They entered the dining hall and stopped to study it.  It had three long, stone tables that stretched most of the length of the long room.  Stone benches sat on both sides of all the tables.  The walls were plain, with globes of light spaced at regular intervals to illuminate the room.  In each corner and spaced along the walls stood golems.  The tables were bare except for three settings that were at the far end of the center table.
“I wonder what they will have for us to eat,” Natalie said, sitting down.
A section of the wall nearest to them suddenly sank and slid away, revealing the kitchen.  Three golems, made of rock and shorter than the golem’s standing in the corners, walked out, setting a bowl and cup of water in front of each of them and then returning through the hole.  The section of wall slid back into place, leaving no sign that it was there.
“Stew?”  Rebecca said, picking up her spoon and stirring the stew.  The broth was thick, almost gelatin, clinging to the vegetables and meat that was mixed in.
“Hmm,” Natalie said, chewing her first bite. “It’s good.”
Rebecca put a spoonful in her mouth. “It is good,” she looked up at the empty table. “I wish we had some bread.”
“I don’t eat bread,” Havaar said, stopping next to them. “I don’t like the taste.  So the chef doesn’t make it.”
“You have a chef?”  Natalie asked.
“Yes, and he was quite upset when I told him he would be feeding three more tonight,” Havaar smiled. “Kept mumbling about time.”
“Is it one of those golems?”  Rebecca asked.
“No, he’s a ghost.”
“How does he cook if he’s a ghost?”
“He doesn’t.  He controls the golems and they do the cooking.”
Rebecca looked down at her stew, shocked that she was eating a meal prepared by a dead person and living rock.  She shoved the spoon into her mouth before she could think about it more.
“That’s amazing,” Natalie said. “Are there more ghosts hanging around here?”
“The ghosts that live here do not ‘hang around’,” Havaar told her. “They each have their tasks and they do them well.  Your teacher will be a ghost.”
“I thought you were going to train us,” Rebecca said.
“I will train you how to use your abilities,” Havaar said. “But there is more to magic than your abilities.  The ghost will be your instructor in the classroom.”
“Classroom?”  Natalie said. “Why would we need to sit in a classroom to learn magic?”
“Magic has infinite uses,” Havaar said. “Much has been written about magic and its application on everything you could think of.”
A disheartened look appeared on Natalie’s face. “I thought I left college behind.”
“This will be different than the school you are used to,” Havaar said. “Enjoy the rest of this day.  Your training begins tomorrow.” He walked away from them and out of the dining hall.
“Maybe it won’t be so bad,” Rebecca said.
“Learning should be embraced,” Llyr commented. “The more you know, the more freedom you have.”
“But you have more responsibility,” Natalie countered. “I hope it won’t be boring.”

















CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN


“Wake up, Mistress.” Rebecca heard a voice calling her out of sleep. “It is time to begin your training.  Dress quickly; the Master does not like to be kept waiting.”
Rebecca groaned, forcing her eyes open.  The room was mostly dark, the only light coming from the ghostly figure standing at the bottom of her bed.  Her eyes widened and she pulled up her blanket around her.
She let out the breath she had been holding as she remembered where she was.  I don’t know if I’m ever going to get used to these ghosts.  “Lucretius you scared me.  What time is it?”  She asked.
“The sun has not yet risen,” Lucretius answered. “You will find training attire in your wardrobe.  Please dress quickly, the Master is waiting.” The ghost floated out of the room, plunging it into complete darkness.
Rebecca tensed again, trying to keep her bearing.  How am I supposed to see?  Wait, that globe of liquid stopped glowing when I touched it.  Maybe I have to touch it again.
Rebecca got out of bed, feeling around the wall for the ball.  I hope that I’m on the right wall.  This could take all morning.
After another minute, she found the globe.  It lit up the room, stinging her eyes.
Blinking to try and clear the light out of her eyes, she opened the wardrobe.  It was filled with clothes.  The right side held long dresses, each in a style that was centuries old.   What did I expect from ghosts?  It’s not like they’re in touch with the latest fashions.  The left side held sets of tops and bottoms.  Each set had two tops and two bottoms.  Half of the set was a thick cotton and the other half was a tough leather.  These must be the training clothes.
She put on the cotton part first, then pulled on the leather.  I am going to be so hot in this.  She stepped out of her room to find Llyr and Lucretius waiting silently.  Llyr was dressed in the same type of clothes as she was.  He also had his sword strapped to his waist.
“Do you really need the sword?”  Rebecca asked.
“The sword goes where I go,” Llyr replied.
“What is so special about it?”
Llyr hesitated then answered. “The sword was made for my great-grandfather during the Heretic Purge.  Not only is it of great value to my family, the sword itself is of great worth.  I would not have it stolen.”
“Who’s going to steal it here?”  Rebecca said.
“I don’t know, but I’m not going to give them the chance.”
“I think you’re being a little paranoid…”
Natalie’s door opened and she stepped out dressed in the training gear. “I am going to roast in these clothes.”
“Once you begin the more intense areas of your training, you will appreciate the training gear,” Lucretius said. “Please follow me.”
He led them into the hall and past the stairs, stopping at a solid wall. 
“Please place your hand in the handprint,” Lucretius said, pointing to the wall.
Rebecca looked, seeing the shape of a hand, pointed upward, fingers held together, indented into the wall.  She looked at the ghost, wondering why he wanted her to put her hand there.
Llyr stepped forward and put his hand into place.  A section of wall pulled away from them and slid to the side.  Air blew out of the opening, buffeting them all.
“Lord Havaar is waiting for you on the first floor,” Lucretius said. “Step into the tunnel and say ‘Floor one’.  You will be taken down to the first floor.”
“There is nothing but wind in there,” Rebecca said. “I’m not stepping into there.”
“Lord Havaar does not like to be kept waiting,” Lucretius said. “You may take the stairs if you wish, but it will take some time to descend more than eighty levels.”
“This will be fine,” Llyr said, stepping into the tunnel.  He did not fall, the wind spreading out at his feet, creating a surface to stand on.  He turned and looked at them. “Floor one,” As soon as he finished speaking, the wind stopped and he dropped downward.  After a moment, the wind returned
Rebecca looked at Natalie, who shrugged.  “I don’t feel like descending that many stairs,” she said, stepping into the tunnel and speaking floor one.
Rebecca looked at Lucretius. “I will tell Lord Havaar that you will be delayed.” The ghost disappeared through the floor.
She looked at the tunnel, butterflies doing somersaults in her stomach.  I don’t want to go down eighty flights of stairs but this is nuts.  She stared at the tunnel a moment longer before stepping in.  I need to get used to things being different.  It felt like she was stepping on solid ground.  “Floor one.”
The solidity disappeared and she dropped, a scream stuck in her throat.  Her guts felt like they were going to come flying out of her mouth.  After falling for some time, the wind picked up and she began to slow down until she was standing still at another opening, Natalie, Llyr, and Lucretius staring at her.
She stumbled out, Llyr catching her, her heart racing.
“That was awesome,” Natalie said, a big smile on her face. “I can’t wait to do it again.”
Rebecca looked up at her. “You’re nuts.  I’ve never been so scared in my life.”
“This way please,” Lucretius said, floating down the hall.
They followed the ghost across the floor of the cavern, looking up through the large hole of the cavern, seeing the seemingly endless rails put along the walkways of each level.  They walked into a long hallway, filled with glow lamps.  There were fewer doors than on the other levels, and none of the walls had been decorated.  
“Lord Havaar awaits you in this room,” Lucretius said, pointing to a door. “If you will excuse me.” He floated up into the rock.  Llyr opened the door, stepping into the room.  Natalie and Rebecca followed, closing the door behind them.  
	The room was large, the ceiling at least twice as high as normal and as wide and long as a football field.  It was also quite empty expect for Havaar, who was sitting on the floor with his eyes closed.
	He opened his eyes. “Welcome to the training hall.  This is where you will receive most of your magic training.”
	“Um…there’s nothing in here,” Rebecca said.
	“I can adapt this room to whatever I need,” Havaar said. “For now, a free flow of energy is required.  Natalie, Rebecca, come and sit before me.  Llyr, sit where you are and I will be with you in a moment.” The girls walked and sat in front of him.
	“The first step in learning magic is finding the center of your magic.  Many among humans call this energy chi.”
Rebecca raised her hand.  “You have a question?”  Havaar asked.
“Yes; I thought humans were blocked from feeling magic.”
“Merlin’s spell prevents humans from seeing and using magic but nothing can prevent you from feeling the flow of magical energy.”
“How are we using magic then?”
“Being directly targeted by a spell, like you and Natalie were, will awaken your magical senses.  Magical beings from Earth avoid doing that because of the side effects of Merlin’s spell.”
“What side effects?”
“A plague, magical in nature, that spreads and kills quickly.  Ireland was devoid of magical creatures for centuries because the goblins refused to believe Merlin’s spell would affect them.” 
Rebecca began to speak again but Havaar held up his hands. “Enough questions for now.  We must continue.  As I said, to be most effective with your spells, you must find the center of your magic.  This requires a clear head.  Eventually, you will be able to do this without thinking but for now, we will meditate.”
“Close your eyes and breath, slowly.  Feel the magic around and allow it to flow into you…”
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Llyr sat watching Havaar and the girls.  He found it interesting that the first steps to power strong enough to destroy cities would begin so peacefully.  He did not know how his people trained in magic, having been excluded from the wizard tests because of his abilities, and so was surprised at how similar it was to his training.  
“Being calm and focused in combat will save your life,” his first trainer at the Conclave had told him. “So, we will practice being calm by not speaking for a week and not reacting to what others do to us.”
That had been a hard week; the older students, knowing what was happening, did all they could to get a reaction out of the new students.  While the teachers allowed a few slip-ups, if you could not learn to keep cool under the pressure, you were sent home, to the dishonor of your family.
Llyr removed his sword from his back and took the blade out of the sheath, laying it on his crossed legs.  I’ve only been on this world for two days and everything has turned upside down.
He had always thought of his people as honorable, not only doing what was best for them but for other races as well.  He’d been taught to tell the truth, to act with honor and honor will be returned, never to kill another Aldri, and that the end does not justify the means.
Why did his father teach him these things if he didn’t believe them himself?  As Llyr thought about this, he remembered that he had been tutored by an assigned mentor.  Why would Father appoint someone to teach him whose beliefs differed?  The last two days had shown Llyr a side of his people that he had long denied but could not anymore.
Llyr took the sword in his hands. How many Aldri have you killed?  he thought, willing the sword to answer. Does this make you a thing to be despised?  If so, am I to be despised as well?
“That’s quite the sword; may I look at it?”
Llyr looked up to find Havaar standing over him. “Shouldn’t you be overseeing their training?”
“I will be able to supervise what they are doing from here,” Havaar responded. “May I examine the sword?”
Llyr fought the feelings of revulsion and the impulse to attack.  He lifted the sword, the blade lying flat on his hands.  Havaar grasped the hilt and lifted the sword close to his face, studying the runes.
I wonder if he can sense the dragon scales that have been forged into the blade.  Llyr thought. Will he kill me if he does, enraged by the death of a kindred?
“This is fine workmanship,” Havaar said, swinging the sword. “The balance is faultless, the runes precise, and the power infused with perfection; clearly a grandmaster’s work.  How long did it take to forge?”
“I’m not sure.  I know it was a long time, waiting for the light of the three full moons,” Llyr said.
Havaar nodded, handing the sword back. “From the way the runes are arranged, this sword was meant to fight magic users.  Why would the Aldri create a weapon that would be better used against them?”
“It is meant to aid the Hunters in their duties,” Llyr explained.
“Hunters?”  Havaar said. “I am unfamiliar with this group.  Tell me about them.”
Llyr hesitated, You are a heretic, remember?  A heretic would not hold back information.  Llyr took a deep breath. “The Hunter Conclave was created to hunt heretic wizards about one thousand years ago.  Every Hunter has the ability to feel and track the magical residue left by a wizard’s spellcasting.”
“Really?” Havaar said. “Do you have this ability?”
“Yes,” Llyr said.
“How did you come to possess this sword?  I doubt they would give it to a heretic.”
“The sword was my great-grandfather’s.  My father gave it to me when I achieved the rank of Hunter.”
“So you are a Hunter, meant to hunt heretics and you are a heretic.  How did that happen?”
Llyr’s mind raced, I’ve backed myself into a corner.  How am I going to explain this one?  “The Hunter’s duties have changed over the last thousand years.  The heretic wizards were…killed within a few centuries of the creation of the Conclave.  My great-grandfather was a key figure in their downfall.”
Havaar smiled. “You didn’t answer my question.”
Llyr licked his lips. “I…um…upon entering the Conclave, I began to witness things that didn’t follow what I had been taught.  I always thought of my people as honorable, doing what was best for all.  I now know that my people are only interested in themselves, not in helping other races.”
“Yet you still became a Hunter.”
“I denied what I saw for many years but finally I had to accept the fact that my people have no honor.”
Havaar nodded. “So you joined the heretics because they have honor?”
Llyr nodded, the lies making him sick.
“Hmmm…”  Havaar looked thoughtfully at Llyr.
He doesn’t believe me.  Llyr tightened his grip on his sword.  He knew he didn’t have much of a chance against a dragon but he would go down fighting.
“What happens when that sword destroys a magical defense?”
Llyr blinked in surprise. “Hmmm, I’m not sure.  I haven’t fought any wizards with it yet.”
“Let’s find out,” Havaar moved his hand in a circular motion and the air in front of him shimmered.  He stepped away and nodded at the shimmering field of magic. “Strike it with your sword.”
Llyr changed his vision to be able to see the field better and then hit the magical field with the sword.  As the blade met the barrier, there was a moment of resistance.  The magical barrier collapsed and Llyr saw the energy flow into the sword.
Llyr stared at the sword, not sure what to make of what happened.
“Well, the magical field is gone,” Havaar commented. “What happened to the energy though?”
“What do you mean?”  Llyr asked, still unsure what had occurred.
“When a magical defense like that is collapsed, the magical energy has to go somewhere,” Havaar explained. “This usually causes a small explosion.  That did not happen.  Where did the energy go?”
“It went into the sword,” Llyr answered, amazement appearing on his face.
“Really?”  Havaar said. “That is a remarkable thing.  I would bet that the sword has more abilities than you know of.”
“If it does, how do I find them out?”  Llyr asked.
“Let the sword guide you.”
Llyr placed the tip of the sword onto the ground. “How will it guide me?”
“Magical enchantments are meant to be used,” Havaar answered. “If you keep your mind open, the sword will let you know how to use it.”
“You talk as if it is alive.”
“No, I wouldn’t say that.  It is more like instructions left by the enchanter.  You simply have to discover them,” Havaar replied.
“I can’t do that sitting here,” Llyr said.
“True, using the weapon will be the best way to discover its secrets, and a warrior needs to maintain his edge, both physically and mentally,” Havaar said. “My training of the humans will not involve you but I can set a part of this room for you to maintain yourself.”
Llyr blinked several times at the unexpected offer. “Um…I would need someone to spar with.”
“You will have sparring partners.  When you come later, they will be ready.  It will be over there.” Havaar pointed to the far corner. “As for now, you may want to go through your forms and exercises.  As you do this, keep your mind open to the magic of the sword.  Make a connection and you will discover its powers.”




























CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT


Rebecca’s head drooped and she jerked, waking up.
“The key to this exercise is to find the center of your magic, not to fall asleep," Havaar said.
“Easier said than done," Rebecca muttered.
“It will take time to train your mind to stay awake, but you will accomplish it," Havaar said. “We are done with this exercise.  This begins the training of your mind.  We must also train your body.  You will begin by running.”
“Running?”  Natalie said, standing up.
“Yes, running," Havaar replied. “Around this room.  Get to it.”
“How many laps?”  Rebecca asked.
“Until I tell you to stop.”
Rebecca and Natalie started running around the room.
 “Stop," Havaar said sometime later.
Rebecca stopped, breathing heavily, put her hands on her knees.  Natalie simply fell onto the floor beside her.
“When I said stop, I meant stop running," Havaar explained.  “If you don’t keep moving and cool down, you’re going feel a lot worse.”
Rebecca straightened, stretching her back.  Natalie moaned and rolled onto her knees.  Rebecca stepped over to her and helped her up.
“Is he trying to kill us?”  Natalie muttered.
“I don’t know," Rebecca said as she started walking, pulling Natalie along with her. “I wonder how long we were running?”
“I thought we were supposed to be learning magic," Natalie complained. “What does running have to do with magic?”
“As I said before,” Havaar fell in next to them. “physical health is as important as mental health when performing magic.  The flow of magical energy through your body will kill you if you are not prepared for it.  A weak body will not be able to handle the pressures put on it by magic.”
“Are you saying we are going to be doing this every day?”  Natalie said.
“Yes;” Havaar answered. “And as you progress, I will add different exercises to your routine.  You’ve lived a soft life so far; fortunately, softness can be hardened.”
Natalie was now looking at him in horror.  Havaar smiled. “To quote a well-known phase; you’ll thank me someday.”
Natalie’s face grew red and Rebecca jumped in before they got in trouble. “What are we doing next?”
Havaar kept his eyes on Natalie for a moment. “You will head up to the mess hall and have a small meal.  Afterward, Lucretius will show you to your classes.”
Rebecca exchanged a look with Natalie. “What classes?”
“There is more to magic than casting spells.  There are histories, theories, philosophies, applications, not to mention the different styles and forms that utilize magic and the different elements.”
“And we are going to learn all this?”
“Yes.  The better you understand magic, the better you will be able to use it.  Now, go get some food.”
Havaar walked away, heading toward the corner where Llyr was.
Rebecca stared at him for a moment before turning back to Natalie. “Do you think he will be teaching the classes?”
“Who else is going to teach us?”  Natalie replied. “Let’s go get some food.”
They exited the room and made their way to the wind lift.  Natalie placed her hand on the wall, opening the lift.  She was about to walk into it when she stopped. “Um…do you know which floor the mess hall is on?”
“No." Rebecca looked around, seeing nothing but golems in the corners.
“Are we supposed to try every floor until we find it?”  Natalie asked.
“I would really prefer not to do that." Rebecca raised her voice. “Hello?  We need help.”
“How may we be of service?”  voices said around them.
They jumped and spun around, staring at the golems in the corners, whose eyes were now glowing.
“How may we be of service?”  the golems said again.
“We need to know which floor the mess hall is on," Rebecca said, hesitantly.
“85th floor.  Is there anything else?”
“No….thank you," Rebecca said.  The golems eyes stopped glowing, leaving dots in Rebecca’s vision.
“I swear this place is going to scare me to death," Natalie said, stepping into the lift. “85th floor.”
Rebecca didn’t step into the wind lift after Natalie disappeared, feeling Llyr approaching.  She turned around, watching him cross the floor.  “The mess hall is on the 85th floor.”
“Thank you,” Llyr said, nodding. “After you.”
Rebecca carefully placed one foot into the tunnel, feeling the layer of air solidify beneath her.  “85th floor," she said.  She was pushed upwards quickly, startling her.  After a minute, her ascent started to slow and then stopped, the wall in front of her sliding open.
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
After a light breakfast, they were allowed to clean up and change.  They were then led to a small room, set up with three desks.  The walls were white marble, set with lanterns for light, and in each upper corner large emeralds glowed.  Each of the desks had some paper and writing implements on them. 
“Oh, it looks like we are going to be taking notes." Natalie groaned, sitting down at a desk. “At least we have ballpoint pens and don’t have to deal with inkwells.”
Rebecca sat down at a desk, rubbing her hand across the surface.  The familiar sight of a classroom was a comfort to her.  She always enjoyed learning, of discovering new things.  She hoped that they wouldn’t only learn about war, which always seemed to be the focus of magic in tales.
She looked up and found Llyr holding one of the pens, studying it as he drew a line across a piece of paper.  “Is there a problem?”
Llyr looked up at her. “This is a much better way to hold and use ink.”
“Do you use an inkwell and feather pens on your world?”  Rebecca asked.
“Feather pens?”  Llyr asked.
“Hmmm, you know,” Rebecca said, trying to explain. “feathers used as pens, using the boney end to dip in ink and write with.”
“Oh, we don’t use feathers, we only use bone," Llyr said, setting down the pen. “Any advancement that is not magical in nature is looked down upon, even something as simple as this pen.”
“That’s very short-sighted," Natalie says.
“As short-sighted as a human blocking all magic from other humans?”
“True.”
“I wonder when Havaar will get here," Rebecca said.
“Lord Havaar will not be teaching this class," a ghost stated as he came through the door. “I will." the ghost floated to the front of the room and turned around.  He appeared to be dressed in robes that looked like they came from ancient Greece or Rome.  “You may be seated.”
“My name is Socrates," the ghost said. “I will be your instructor in the theory and learning of magic.  Here we will…”
“Socrates!?”  Natalie burst out. “As in the ancient Greek philosopher?”
“Do not interrupt me," Socrates stated. “I will answer any question in a moment.  As I was saying, here we will be addressing the history of magic, as well as discussing how it has been applied to the different fields of learning throughout time.  We will stay on a particular subject until you understand it before moving on.  The application of our lessons will be taught to you by Lord Havaar.  I will now take your questions.  Yes, I am the Greek philosopher taught about in your schools.”
“Awesome," Natalie said.
Rebecca raised her hand, receiving a nod from the ghost. “Are you our only teacher?  Or will other ghosts be teaching us different areas of learning?”
“In times past, others stayed behind, as I did, at Lord Havaar’s request but since there have been no students, they chose to depart this world and move onto the next.  As a spirit, I have little influence on the physical world.  Here in the school, spells are in place to give me the ability to interact with you more but I am still limited.  I would have passed on myself but there is still so much to learn here.  I have spent the last two thousand years learning everything.  While in life I was accomplished in a few particular fields, in death I have come to understand science, mathematics, engineering, and most other fields you will need to have learning in.  What I teach you will help you to understand why the magic Lord Havaar teaches you works.”
Rebecca looked at Natalie, who was still a little wide-eyed, then over at Llyr, who looked eager.  “How are we going to be graded?”
“Graded?”  Socrates repeated. “This is not like your schools in the outside world, where nations use grades to compare and brag.  I could care less about grades.  What I care about is whether you understand what I am teaching.  We will stay on one subject until you understand it to my satisfaction.  I will not ‘fail’ you and move on.  If you do not understand, the failure is both of our responsibilities and we will work together to correct that failure.”
“Today we will start by answering these questions: what is magic and where does it originate?  Magic is another form of energy, flowing through the universe.  Unlike the energy emitted from the sun, magic tends to flow in currents rather than radiating out into all of space from its source…”
Rebecca picked up her pen and began to take notes, determined to excel as much in this learning as she had in any other.































CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE


Llyr watched as the dragon took Rebecca and Natalie through the exercises of meditation, emphasizing the need to stay awake and explore their inner selves in order to better acquaint themselves with their magical natures.  He stretched as he waited, looking forward to the opportunity to spar.  Though he had enjoyed learning about magic, something that was not shared with non-wizards on his world, sparring would allow him to vent some of his frustrations. 
He was troubled by many things over the last few days, and being in the presence of a dragon was the least of them.  He was not able to complete his mission and he doubted that he would ever be able to.  Also, the orders from the Overwizard had no honor.  Deceiving his father over the course of the years had been hard and he was looking forward to being himself and acting with honor toward those around him.  Now, not only was he deceiving those around him but his Father and others in powerful positions.  The fact that he had had to fight Brigid and other hunters proved that no information was being shared.  The actions of Daire and Overwizard Aedan since this began had brought to the forefront ideas that he had not allowed himself to entertain in years, ideas that would draw the attention of the Watchers.
“Are you ready?”  Llyr looked up, surprised that he had not noticed the dragon leaving the two humans.  
“Yes, I am ready," Llyr replied, looking around. “Who will I be sparring with?”
“Me," the dragon answered. “Before I can create an adequate sparring golem, I must have an idea of your skill level.”
“Very well." Llyr drew his sword and placed his sheath against the wall. “Do you have sparring pads for our weapons?”
“I will place magical protections on us.”
Llyr held up his sword. “That will be sufficient for me but my sword will cut through magical defenses.”
Havaar nodded. “I have taken that into consideration.  I have one spell that will survive one or two hits from that sword.”
“I have never heard of a spell that will stop this sword.”
“It is a complete protection spell.  It will stop any other weapon indefinitely but it takes a lot of time and concentration.  There are other spells that require less time and effort that work almost as well.  However, that sword requires that I use the best," Havaar walked over to the wall and drew a line on it with his finger.  The line glowed and the wall split open, two sections opening outward to reveal a closet full of weapons.
Llyr was impressed by the collection of swords, axes, spears, and other types of weapons that he could see.  He tuned his senses to the magic and each of the weapons shined with enchantments.  Havaar selected a two-handed, double-edged long sword.  The pieces of wall swung shut, leaving no indication that there was anything in the wall.
Llyr stretched with his sword in his hand, moving it around until he settled into his beginning battle stance.  Havaar crouched a little and brought his sword in front of him.  Llyr began to circle the dragon, waiting to be attacked.  Havaar turned with him, making no aggressive moves.
After a minute, Llyr flowed forward, slashing his sword in a downward motion.  Havaar blocked the attack and stepped forward, slashing his sword.  Llyr jumped to the side, swinging his weapon across.  Havaar blocked the attack and pushed on Llyr’s sword, letting go with one hand and backhanding Llyr across the face.  
The blow threw Llyr to the floor, his sword forced out of his hand as he hit the floor.  He didn’t feel the sword that was placed against his neck for several seconds, being dazed by the strike.  When his eyes focused, he found Havaar standing over him.
“You’re dead," Havaar said, taking the sword from his throat. “I expected a better showing from you.”
“I didn’t count on you being so strong," Llyr said as he sat up. 
“I am a dragon.  Because I am in human form does not mean that I have lost my strength.  Remember, the magic used to change my shape also transfers key attributes.  This is true with most shapeshifting magic.  When fighting a shape-shifter, it is vital to remember their original form," Havaar held out his hand to help Llyr up. “We will spar once again with that in mind.”
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
	Rebecca sat down at her desk, not bothering to take out her paper and pen.  In the last week, she had been given a peek at a world that she was not sure she wanted to be a part of but seemed to have no choice.  They had still not moved beyond meditating and exercise with Havaar, preparing for the time when they would begin to use magic.  Part of her was anxious to get on with it, having already used a bit of magic; the other part of her was terrified.  The times she had used magic were intense, one allowing her to do something wonderful and one being an instance of horror.  
The studying was a welcome relief after she had gotten used to being taught by one of the world’s greatest philosophers.  The world was a much different place with magic.  It had its own rules and laws, each as important as the other natural laws she had studied.  Yet those laws changed when magic entered the picture.  Or did they?  She was trying to wrap her head around the way magic affected things like physics and chemistry.  Yet, it seemed that she had just cracked open the door and had a peek.  Now she was expected to enter the room.
“Rebecca,”  Natalie said, sitting in the desk next to her. “may I look at your notes?  I want to make sure I have everything I need.”
Rebecca looked at Natalie, who was intent on her notes. “Natalie, does any of this bother you?”
Natalie looked up. “Does any of what bother me?”
“Everything here," Rebecca said. “A little over a week ago, we had no idea that magic existed and that we could use it.  I was getting ready for my senior year of high school and thinking about college.  You were about to start college and now we’re here, learning about magic, preparing to use it.  Doesn’t it bother you that we seem to have no choice whether we want it or not?”
“Of course it bothers me," Natalie replied. “But you know what bothers me more?  People trying to kill me.  You say we have no choice but it seems to me that the choices we have are to stay here and learn or go home and die.  I prefer to live and learn.”
“Aren’t you scared?”
A small smile crept onto Natalie’s face. “I know I should be but I’m too excited to be scared.    I’ve always loved stories and books about magical worlds and adventures.  Now I’m part of one.  I can’t wait to begin using magic.”
“I’m terrified," Rebecca admitted. “I’m beginning to feel something inside me as we meditate, something foreign.  I want to run away from it, yet at the same time, I want to take hold of it.  The life I thought I would be living is gone and I don’t like it.”
“Things always change and we have to accept…”
“This is not some simple change," Rebecca interrupted. “I could handle a change in housing, school, work.  I was dealing with the loss of my best friend.  Even that change made sense, as horrible as it was.  This change is incomprehensible.  Nothing that I’ve ever done or read could have prepared me for this.  I feel lost and I can’t even talk to my parents, the people who were always there for me.  How am I supposed to simply deal with this?”
Natalie reached over and put her hand on Rebecca’s. “All we have is each other, and I know I’m not your mom, but I listen well.  Just promise me that you won’t keep it bottled up.  We can help each other if we talk.”
Rebecca nodded. “You promise me as well.  I’ll be ready to listen when you freak out.”
“Who knows?  Maybe I won’t freak out.”
“We can hope but I imagine we’ll both go through several ‘freak out’ sessions in the next little while.  We just have to be there for each other.”
Socrates came in through the door, stopping just inside the room. “Today is a study day.  I expect you to spend your time in the library learning.  Tomorrow I will ask each of you what you have studied and what you have learned from it.”
Natalie and Rebecca looked at each other for a moment and then looked back at Socrates.  “There’s a library here?”
“This is a school.  Are there not libraries in your schools?”
Rebecca nodded. “Yes, there are libraries in our schools.  If there is one here, where is it?”
“The library occupies floors 50 through 80.  The main entrance is on floor 50.  I would suggest using that entrance, as the librarian is very particular about who is in the library.  If she disapproves of you, you will have to find another way to study.  Enter through the main entrance and introduce yourselves to her.  Be respectful and do exactly as she says," Socrates turned and floated out of the room.









CHAPTER THIRTY


“Do we really want to go to the library?”  Natalie asked.
“It is what we have been told to do," Llyr said, getting up from his desk. “So it is what we will do.”
“If the library really takes up thirty floors of this place I want to see it,” Rebecca said.
 They exited the classroom and took the wind shaft down to the 50th floor.  The main entrance to the library was not hard to find.  The doors were made out of a hardwood that was polished so that is shone in the light.  The wood was carved with a depiction of people studying, learning, and discussing.
“I like this door," Rebecca said. “Most of the art in this place seems to depict violence.”
“It is beautiful," Natalie agreed, touching the door. “I wonder if this was done with magic.”
“I would be disappointed if it was," Rebecca replied. “It would seem like cheating somehow.”
“How would it be cheating?”  Llyr said. “How is magic any less of a valid tool than a hammer and chisel?  Just because you have magic doesn’t mean that you have the skill to do this.  This door is a great piece of art, whether the carver used magic or a carving tool.  Magic is simply a tool; it does not grant the skill required to accomplish whatever you are trying to achieve.”
Rebecca and Natalie stared at Llyr for a moment, surprised at the sudden berating.  “Sorry, I never thought of it that way.  I’m not used to magic.”
“Don’t make the same mistake that my people do," Llyr commented. “They look down on anything to do with technology, refusing to see the wonders it has accomplished.  Since I have been on your planet, I have seen many wonders that do not exist on my own, all done with technology, something I was assured could never happen.  I now know that to be wrong.  However, there are many wonders on my world that you would never imagine possible.  Do not despise it because it is different," Llyr walked through the doors, leaving the girls staring at each other.
“I don’t think I despise magic," Natalie commented. “Maybe mistrust it.”
“I might despise it," Rebecca said. “It has turned my life upside down.”
“Well, let’s agree to learn all we can about it so that our mistrust and despising will go away.”
“Let’s get learning then." Rebecca opened the door and entered the library, only to stop.  Llyr was only a few feet in front of her, looking up, a smile on his face.
“Isn’t this wonderful?” Llyr said. “Look at all the books.”
The library extended upward so far that Rebecca could barely see the ceiling.  The walls were lined with countless books, walkways along each level of books.  Balconies, large and small, were spaced out on every floor, beautifully carved pillars supporting them.
“That’s a lot of books," Rebecca said.
“It’s amazing," Natalie said. “I hope he has a catalog of the books.”
“Of course he does,”  a female voice said.
Rebecca looked down to see a ghost floating over to them.
 “A pleasure to meet you, Spirit," Llyr said, bowing. “Are you the Guardian of this place?”
“I suppose you could call me that," the spirit said. “I’m more of a keeper.  I’m here to help the Master’s students in their studies.  I am called a librarian on this world. My name is Madam Morel.  If you have any questions or are looking for a specific book, come to me.  Do not go looking by yourself; I have every book exactly where I want it.  I don’t need you ruining it.”
“Your help would be much appreciated," Rebecca said. “I think it would be easy to get lost in this place.”
“Yes, it is," Madam Morel commented. “Now, what have you come to study?”
“Origins of Magic.”
“Ah, yes.  You just started with Socrates," Madam Morel turned, beckoning them with her hand. “Follow me.”
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Llyr followed the spirit but paid little attention to what she was saying.  She was going over her rules for using the library and he knew he should be learning them but he was distracted by the library itself.
The Hunter Conclave on his world had a small library for its members to use.  That library held books on the different worlds and races that a Hunter would encounter, books that would specifically help the Hunters with their missions.  The larger libraries were restricted to the use of Wizards only.  His brother had told him that even in those libraries you were restricted to which areas you could enter, with most of the library being reserved for the high ranking Wizards and Council members.
It was strange not to see guards at the stairways and doorways.  It boggled his mind that he had so much knowledge at his fingertips and that no one would be looking over his shoulder to make sure that what he was reading was appropriate.  At least, that was the impression he got.  He couldn’t help but wonder if Madam Morel wouldn’t tell him where something was or if Havaar would show up, telling him he couldn’t read a certain book.  
“This section here is about the different theories on the origins of magic," Madam Morel said as they stopped in front of a large bookcase. “I would suggest you start at this end of the bookcase, as these books go over the basics.  The farther along the bookcase, the more advanced the theories.  Make sure you return the books to their proper place after you are done with them," she floated over to one of the tables. “If you have any other questions, tap the stone in the center of the table.  I will be able to communicate with you through it.  Now, are there any other questions before I leave?”
Rebecca and Natalie shook their heads.  Llyr nodded, stepping closer to the spirit. “Do you have any books written in Aldri?”  Llyr said.
“Several," Madam Morel said. “Is there a specific topic you want to read?”
“Anything before the alliance between the dragons and Aldri was broken, especially relating to the first Archwizard.”
“Follow me," Madam Morel floated across the room.  Llyr made a sit-down motion to the girls and followed the ghost.  Madam Morel went up some stairs, floating up to the top level of books, pulling several books off the shelf.  “This book is about the Archwizard’s rise to power, ending before the civil war.  It does a fair job of remaining neutral.  This one is a rant against him and this one for him.  This last one chronicles the civil war, concentrating on the Archwizard’s actions.  There are several others that are written in the same time period that have references to him but are not about him.  I can get them if you like.”
“No, these will be fine for now," Llyr said, holding the books. “Why do you have these?”
“The Master went to great lengths to obtain these books," Madam Morel told him. “He seems to have a particular interest in the Archwizard.”
“Thank you," Llyr said, going back to where Rebecca and Natalie sat but sitting at a smaller side table.  
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Rebecca watched as Llyr followed Madam Morel across the room. Natalie tapped her. “Shall we get to studying?”
Rebecca nodded, going to the side of the case that contained the beginner books.   She stood staring at the books, not really seeing them. “I wonder why Llyr wants books on the history of his people?  You would think that he would have been taught that on his own world.”
“Well, he is a rebel," Natalie said, pulling down a couple of books. “That would indicate that he would have rejected the history he had been taught.  Now he has a chance to find out what happened from a different perspective.”
“That’s true," Rebecca said, grabbing a couple of books in front of her and moving to the table. “I guess I never really questioned the history I was taught in school.”
“I love history," Natalie said, sitting across from her. “You can read every account about a time or event and get a different story each time.  Trying to sort out what really happened is quite fascinating.”
Rebecca didn’t think that “fascinating” was the word she would use but Natalie had such a gleam in her eyes, she couldn’t say it.  “Was history your major?”
Natalie nodded. “You have no idea how much my professors would love to be here.  The chance to read books from every age of our world; not just the bits and pieces we have but whole books, from multiple authors and viewpoints.  This is awesome.”
“I’m glad one of us is happy to be here," Rebecca said, laughing. “I’ve always done well with my studying but was never excited about it.  Here’s hoping your attitude is contagious." Rebecca flipped open one of the books and stopped.  It was not written in English.  She looked at the title of the other book and found that it was in a different language as well.
“Is your book in a different language?”  Natalie asked when Rebecca looked up.
“Yup.”
“How are we supposed to study?”
“I don’t know," Rebecca replied, scratching her head. “It makes sense, though.  Pim said it has been over 1500 years since magic has been used and studied.  Our form of English didn’t exist back then.”
Natalie nodded and then tapped on the stone in the middle of the table.  It began to glow blue.  Rebecca looked over as she felt Llyr getting closer, carrying a pile of books.  He nodded to her but sat down at a smaller table about ten feet away.
“May I help you?”  Madam Morel’s voice said, coming from the stone.
“Is there any way we can get versions of these books that are written in English?”  Natalie asked. “It’s hard to study when you can’t read the text.”
“Tap the stone in the center of the table three times.  It will be glow red.  Tell it the language in which you wish to read your script and make sure your book is in the light that will be projected.”
“Huh, okay.  Thank you.”
Natalie looked at Rebecca, who shrugged her shoulders. “Try it.”
Natalie tapped the stone three times and it began to glow red.  She licked her lips and said. “English," The light in the stone shrank to six small points, each point in line with the chairs around the table.  Red light fanned out from each point in the stone, ending at the table’s edge.  Rebecca moved her book into the light, her eyes widening as the words changed, becoming English words.
“That is so cool," Natalie said.
“I hope I can get used to this," Rebecca said. “It is so different.”
“Different is good," Natalie stated. “Just keep repeating that to yourself.”
Rebecca nodded and started to read.  After a few minutes, she stopped reading, her eyelids growing heavy. “I’m going to fall asleep if I keep reading like this.”
“Why don’t we take turns reading out loud?”  Natalie suggested.
Rebecca nodded. “We’ll have to pass the books back and forth.  I’ll start," She looked down at her book and began reading aloud. “Throughout the universe, magic travels in currents…”












CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE


The Archwizard is a tyrant, hiding behind his proclamations of ‘a better life for all Eldri’,  Llyr read. He takes innocent beings; carobas, goblins, giants, and every other form of life, which we have vowed to protect, and experiments on them, trying to find a way to extend his own life, to find immortality.  He even takes his own kind, those Eldri of the lower classes, and subjects them to his horrid research.  Of all the things he has done, nothing is so atrocious.  We must stand against this monster and expose his vile deeds to all Eldri, laying bare his black soul.
Llyr put down the book, amazed at the hatred the writer had for the Archwizard. He had always been taught that the Archwizard had saved them from the vicious dragons who were bent on the annihilation of the Aldri.  According to this writer, the dragons were a source of inspiration, to be emulated for their courage and honor.  He even spelled the name of his people wrong.  This writer would blame the Archwizard for the civil war, Llyr had no doubt.
He had flipped through all the books that Madam Morel had brought him, reading only sections.  One was completely opposite of the one he had just read, condemning the dragons for holding them back and not sharing the secrets of long life, glorifying the Archwizard for his vision.  The book that Madam Morel said was neutral leaned toward the book condemning the Archwizard, questioning his methods.  The final book about the civil war placed the blame for the war squarely on the Archwizard shoulders, laying the death of billions of Aldri at his feet.
   The most astonishing thing to Llyr was that the book about the civil war was written by an Aldri that had lived apart from the Aldri that had followed the Archwizard.  He had even spelled the people’s name wrong.  He had been taught that the dragons had killed all Aldri except those that were in the city hidden by the Archwizard.
Is everything I’ve been taught a lie?  Llyr thought, staring into nothing, Why would they lie to us?  What are they afraid we’ll do if we know the truth?
He looked over where the girls were studying, focusing on Rebecca.  The dress she wore was similar to what the women on his world wore and when she walked out of her room wearing it, he had been dumbstruck.  He’d never felt any connection to the girls that had tried to attract his eye back home, feeling they would only distract him from his goals.  This human was different in some way.  He found himself attracted to her as if there were some force pulling him to her.
Well, there is.  We’re soul-linked,  Llyr thought. Of course, that is going to affect me in some way.  I can never be away from her and that constant connection is bound to have some side effects.  As Llyr continued to look at her, he knew it wasn’t just the soul link, that something else deep inside him was forming, something he was not ready to face.
He shook his head and opened the book again, trying to distract his mind from delving into that deep place.
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
“He was staring at you," Natalie said in a soft tone, interrupting Rebecca’s reading.
Rebecca threw a glance at Llyr, who was reading. “He’s not staring at me.”
“He was," Natalie said, smiling. “For a good minute.”
“You’re supposed to be listening, not looking at him," Rebecca said.
“Admit it, you think he’s handsome,” Natalie teased.
“He’s not even human," Rebecca said, scoffing at the notion.
“So?”  Natalie said. “Are we even human anymore, with this magic running through us?  I’ve seen you look at him; you think he’s handsome.”
“Fine, I think he’s handsome.  Can we get back to studying?”
“Are you going to do anything about it?  He likes you, you like him.”
“I’m here to learn how to use my abilities, not to get a boyfriend," as she said that, a wave of grief swept through her and tears began to form in her eyes.  She looked at her hand, at the ring James had given her.
“Are you ok?  I didn’t mean to upset you," Natalie said concerned.
“With all that has been happening, I keep forgetting about him," Rebecca said, her voice thick. “My boyfriend…I mean friend, who was a boy, died in a car accident a week before this all started.  I was driving and we got hit by a car that ran a red light.  With everything that has been going on, it keeps slipping from my mind and then coming back to hit me.  I’ll be okay, let’s get on with our studying.”
“Okay, I’ll read," Natalie said.

































CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO


Rebecca sat in the training room, meditating.  For two weeks, their schedule had not changed.  Wake up early, meditate, exercise, breakfast, class, more exercise, class again, dinner, meditate and then bed.  They had not had a day off, which really hadn’t bothered Rebecca.  She didn’t know what she would do with a day off.  
While they were studying about magic with Socrates, Havaar had yet to teach them about using magic.  All they did was meditate and exercise.  He would only talk about “discovering the magic within them." Rebecca was getting a little irked with that phrase, not sure what Havaar meant by it.
“Master,” Rebecca said, addressing Havaar. “what do you mean by ‘discovering our magic’?”
“I mean you have to find your magic," Havaar responded.
“You say that as if we have to find a place within us," Rebecca said. “I’ve already used magic; why can’t I just learn how to use it?”
“You could learn how to use it,” Havaar admitted. “but that would not be the most effective way for you to use your magic.”
“Why not?”
“It would be like using a cup to take a shower instead of standing under the stream.  The magic you used before did not come from the core of your magic, which is the place where you are connected to magic.  You naturally draw magic from around you instead of from your core, which connects to the currents that flow around us.”
 “I don’t understand," Rebecca said. “If magic is all around us, why should it matter how I access it?  It’s not like I’m not in it.”
Havaar looked at her for a moment before answering. “Think of your kitchen sink.  Did it have a faucet and a hand sprayer?”  
Rebecca nodded.
“The water for both of those comes from the same source but the flow is different.  The spray is an intense burst, meant for short, quick uses.  The faucet is meant to fill containers quickly.  That’s the way it is with you and magic.  You have a container, or a reservoir, within you that holds magical energy.  When you do not use your core to access magic, you don’t fill your reserve.  It’s a quick draw that holds a lot of pressure, the magic looking for an exit.  This can be useful, once you are trained.  Accessing magic through your core allows you to fill your reservoir, allowing you to hold magic without endangering yourself.”
“So, I almost killed myself before because I wasn’t filling my reserve?”  Rebecca asked.
“Yes.”
“What about me?”  Natalie said, opening her eyes. “Do I have to worry about this quick access?”
“No," Havaar answered. “As an energy mage, you don’t have a quick access.  Everything you do will come from your core.  The quick access is only possessed by wizards and fire mages.  Hence why two of the three times Rebecca used magic, it was fire.  The time she healed the Aldri, fire was a factor.”
“Now, back to your meditation; find the core within you and then I will start teaching you how to use magic.”
Rebecca took a deep breath and closed her eyes, settling back into her meditation.  While she had often heard of the benefits of meditating, she had always been too busy to learn how to.  Now that she was learning out of necessity, she wished she had taken the time to learn before.  The peace and clarity of her mind was a welcome blessing in this troubling time and would help her when she felt ready to face certain issues that had occurred in the last few weeks.
Find my core; where my connection to magic is strongest.  Rebecca had a good idea of where to start.  As she had told Natalie since they had begun meditating, she had felt something within her, something that was frightening,  Because she had never felt anything like this before, she had been ignoring it, though it was becoming increasingly difficult to ignore.  
Rebecca focused her mind on this part of her, moving through her body.  She thought it interesting that the other parts of her faded into the background of her mind. She began to feel more from the area where she was focusing as if she had moved.  The power she felt now thumped in her mind, sending out waves which she followed to the source.  As she approached the source, she noticed something else that was new; a hole, longing to be filled.  I wonder if this is the reservoir that Havaar was talking about.  Rebecca changed her focus and delved into the reservoir.  It was deep and vast.  She brought her focus out, feeling overwhelmed that something that big was within her.  Let’s not get distracted; if this place is the reservoir, I’ll find out after I find my core. 
The thumping drew her focus again and she moved to it.  The area shone with power that seemed just on the other side. Rebecca touched the barrier with her mind.
Her eyes popped out as the magic rushed into her; for a moment, she thought she would burn up but the flow of energy went directly into the reservoir.  She could feel the magic fill her but it was not painful.  The magic was calm and the torrent settled down as the reservoir filled to capacity.  There was no longer a rush but peace as the magic connected her.  She could feel everything around her, the magical energy imparting impressions and feelings.  Her connection to Llyr was like a bright stream that stretched across the room and she felt more from him.
“You found your core," Havaar said, looking her in the eye. “The amount of magic you are holding is impressive.  How do you feel?”
“Amazing…and a bit overwhelmed," Rebecca answered. “I’m aware of things, of everything in this room.”
Havaar nodded. “Being connected to magic imparts a sense of everything that magic touches, especially those things that are closest to you.  With time and training, you will be able to know what is going on in places far away from you.”
“How did you find it?”  Natalie asked. “I’ve been doing this as long as you and have no idea what to do still.”
“Do you remember when I told you that I felt something different inside of me?”  Natalie nodded.  “I focused on that and as I drew closer, I could feel a thumping that created waves I could follow.  When I got to the source, I touched it and the magic flowed into me.”
“You talk as if you were moving," Natalie replied. “You weren’t.”
“But in her mind, she was," Havaar explained. “Exploring your mind and body is a journey that each of us needs to go through.  While your body may not move, your mind will, as it explores your every depth.  Think of your meditation as a journey and you will find your core.  Magic wants to be connected to you.  Because Rebecca had already used magic, the barrier that kept her disconnected was weaker than yours.  If you focus on feeling the magic, you will be led to it.”
Natalie stared at him for a moment and then closed her eyes, settling back into her meditation.  Havaar turned back to Rebecca. “Now that you have found your core, we need to move you into the next phase; basic spell casting.  The best way to do this is through battle exercises.”
Rebecca shook her head. “I feel I should tell you that I am a pacifist; I don’t believe there is ever a reason to fight.”
“The battle exercises are a training tool; you won’t be killing anything if that is what you are worried about.  Your opponents will be magical creations that have no life to them.  This is the best way to learn how to access magic without having to think about it.”
“I still don’t like fighting.”
“Don’t think of it as fighting; think of it as training.  Also, I will instruct Socrates to stop focusing on the theories and history of magic and begin the practical education.”
“What is magic used for?”  Rebecca said. “All I’ve ever heard is about blowing things up or lighting them on fire.”
“For one, there is healing," Havaar responded. “Magic is of use in all aspects of life.  Science, engineering, architecture, music, art, and farming.  It is a tool, albeit a very versatile one.  You won’t be killing anything here, but you need to follow my training program.”
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Llyr swept out the golem’s sword with his own, bringing it back across, slashing his opponent across the chest.  Sparks flew as the sword swept across the stone the creature was made of.  The golem stopped and bowed, acknowledging the killing blow.  It settled back into a battle-ready stance, sword held ready.  Llyr put the point of his sword on the ground, holding up his hand, palm toward the golem, signaling that he was not ready.  The golem grounded his weapon, assuming a parade rest posture.
“I’m done for the day," Llyr told it, putting his sword back in its sheath. “Return.”
The golem bowed again and walked to the wall.  It became part of the wall, melding into the wall.  Llyr shook his head as he stretched.  The magic of this place was as incredible, if not more so, then any place he had seen on his world.  Of course, there were many places he was not allowed because he was not a wizard.
He looked over to where Havaar was training the girls and noticed that Rebecca was doing something different, while Natalie was still meditating.  Sure that he would find out soon enough, Llyr took out his sword and began to move through his forms, what Havaar had called kata.  Llyr found that this activity was able to focus his mind in the same manner that Havaar was using meditation with the girls.  Right now, Llyr needed clarity of mind.
The books that Llyr had been reading in the dragon’s library told a completely different story about the Separation Wars than what he had been taught.  He had been taught that during the course of the war, every Aldri who had not joined the Archwizard had been slaughtered by the dragons.  According to what he had read here, the Aldri were originally called Eldri.  The Archwizard had changed the name of those who followed him to set them apart from those who sided with the dragons.  While it was always taught that the Aldri had fought the dragons, nothing was ever mentioned about the civil war that the Archwizard had brought to his people.
This fact would have been difficult for Llyr to face if he had not been the target of other Aldri recently.  What he had been taught about how ‘Aldri do not kill Aldri’ was a farce, a way to stem rebellious inclinations.  
What disturbed Llyr the most was that he had found a book that taught everything he had been taught as a child, the very history that his other studies were ripping apart.  Havaar had been very thorough in gathering books about the Separation Wars, which gave the other books an air of credibility.
Llyr had to accept that what he had been taught had been tainted with lies and half-truths.  The very traditions he had been rebelling against to irk his father now seemed like horrible chains meant to keep his people from the truth.
Llyr stopped his kata, kneeling on the ground, his weight on the sword.  Despite his defiant nature, he had never been against his father or people.  He had felt boxed in by the traditions of his people and struggled to fit in with the norm.  Now, with what he had been reading and the actions taken by the Overwizard, his father, and brother, Llyr was having a hard time not becoming the heretic so many now believed him to be.  What honor was there in a people that taught and believed such lies?  Llyr wanted to confront his brother, find out what Daire knew and didn’t know but Llyr knew that would bring further dishonor to his family.  He had to see this through to the end and deal with it when he was back home again.
He should probably stop reading those books but he knew he wouldn’t.  The hunger for knowledge grew the more he read.  Maybe he would talk to Havaar and ask him about some of these things.  The dragon was very old and may have known some of those involved in the conflict.
He looked up and saw that Havaar and the girls were approaching, done with the day’s training.










































CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE


“Are you alright?”  Rebecca asked Llyr as they walked over to him.  He was kneeling on the ground, the point of his sword on the ground while he held onto the hilt.
“I’m fine," Llyr answered, getting up. “The opponents that Master Havaar has created for me push me to my limits.  It is a good thing.”
“They will continue to push you to your limits," Havaar said. “That is the way that we grow.  I have realized that you have been here for two weeks without a break in your training schedule.  Tomorrow you will have a day off, though you will do a lighter morning exercise.”
“A day off?”  Rebecca said. “What are we going to do with a day off?”
“Rest, study, explore," Havaar said. “You have been here for weeks but you have seen very little of this complex.  Feel free to look around and discover all that this place has to offer.  Any areas where you are not allowed, you will not be able to get into.”
“What areas are restricted here?”  Llyr asked, giving Havaar a suspicious look.
“My personal quarters,  the summoning rooms and alchemy labs.  Places where, without the proper knowledge and training, it would be dangerous to snoop around," Havaar explained. “Now, go and have dinner.  Use tomorrow to reenergize yourselves.   Rebecca, do not attempt any magic.  I realize discovering your core has opened a new level of possibilities to you.  You are not trained yet and magic is too unpredictable for you to be experimenting with without proper supervision.  Natalie, tonight and tomorrow, I want you to meditate before going to bed.  In fact, I want you to do this as well, Rebecca.  As we move on to other parts of your training, we will phase out the meditation.  It is a habit that should not be lost, however.  You will find that by meditating at the end of the day, you will be able to put to rest any issues, troubles, and stray thoughts that may disrupt your sleep.  This will make your sleep more restful.  Llyr, make sure you do your kata." They all assured him they would and watched as he exited the room.
“Has it only been two weeks since we got here?”  Natalie said. “It seems like it’s been longer.”
“It seems like a lifetime," Rebecca agreed. “This place is so different from home.  If we have tomorrow off, I’m going to take a long shower and then write a letter to my parents…..Oh no!”
Llyr’s hand went to his sword, his eyes darting as he looked around the room. “What is it?  Is there some danger?”
“No, no," Rebecca said, breaking into a run for the door.  She exited the room and looked up and down the hall.   Havaar was at the end, headed toward the wind tunnels. 
“Master Havaar!”  Rebecca yelled, sprinting down the hallway. “Master Havaar!”
Havaar stopped and turned around. “What is it, Rebecca?”
“I need to get in contact with my parents," Rebecca told him. “I never let them know what happened.”
Havaar let out a sigh. “That is not a good idea.  It is best that you forget everything and everybody from the non-magical world.  It will be easier that way.”
  “No," Rebecca said. “I’m not going to leave my parents to wonder what has happened to me.  It is not right or fair to them.  If you ignore me on this, I will bug you until you let me contact my parents.”
Havaar’s stare hardened but Rebecca kept her stance, keeping her gaze firmly on his eyes.   Natalie and Llyr came running up to them.
“Why did you take off like that?”  Natalie said.
Llyr took one look at Havaar and Rebecca and touched Natalie’s arm, stopping her talking.  “What’s the matter?”
Havaar shifted his gaze to Natalie, who shrunk back a little from the intense gaze. “Do you also wish to contact your parents?”
Natalie licked her lips and then nodded. “I would like them to know that I’m okay.”
Havaar shifted his gaze back to Rebecca, who stood her ground. “Once; you may contact them once.  Come with me.”
Havaar walked to the wind tunnel and stepped in. “Level 4." He shot up the tube and each of the others did the same.  He led them to a room with a plain wooden door, the first door Rebecca had seen that was undecorated in the complex.  She was about to comment on it but stopped as she entered the room.
The room was huge, able to accommodate Havaar’s dragon form.  On the walls were the familiar globes of glowing liquid.  There were also paintings, tapestries, suits of armor and weapons of every kind and from every land.  The stone floor was partially covered in beautiful rugs and fine furniture dotted the edge of the room and created conversation areas.  Most surprising, each of these areas had a big screen TV and there were a group of computers on the far side of the room.  Pool tables and other entertainment items were spaced about the room.
“This is the entertainment area," Havaar said. “On your days off, feel free to use it, though there will be restrictions on internet access.”
“You have TVs and computers?”  Rebecca blurted out. “Don’t you need electricity to make those work?”
“Yes," Havaar answered.
“Where are you getting electricity from?”  Rebecca said. “I doubt the power companies have power lines running into the mountain.”
“I don’t use power lines to get my electricity," Havaar said.  “I produce my own power.  Follow me." He led them across the room to another door.  Before they entered the door, he handed them earplugs. “Put these in your ears, otherwise you won’t be able to hear for a while.”
He opened the door and a loud crash of thunder could be heard immediately.  They walked onto a platform that was held over a large pit.  In the pit was a dark storm cloud, shooting lightning.  Wires came out of the pit into a large metal box that was connected to the wall.
“How does it work?”  Rebecca shouted at Havaar.
Havaar shook his head, unable to hear her over the noise of the storm.  He pointed to the door and they left the room.  Once they were out of the room, they removed the earplugs.
“What did you say?”  Havaar said.
“How does it work, Master?”  Rebecca repeated, this time remembering his title.
“The storm produces lightning, which is attracted to a large metal plate at the bottom of the pit," Havaar explained. “The wires you saw are connected to the plate; they transfer the electrical charge to the metal box for storage and use.”
“That’s amazing," Natalie said.
“How is the storm maintained?”  Rebecca said. “Shouldn’t it dissipate?”
“Above us, there are magically charged rods maintaining the storm," Havaar said.
“How do you stop the storm from growing until it fills the whole room, making impossible to enter?”  Llyr asked.
“There are also rods that draw energy from the storm, keeping it at the correct size," Havaar explained.
“Even with power, do you have reception for the TV?”  Rebecca said. “I doubt you can get a signal through all this rock.”
“I receive a signal using a satellite dish," Havaar said. “That is also how I connect to the Internet.”
“Why?”  Natalie said.
“I like to keep informed on current events," Havaar said. “I am still the guardian of this world, even though I am not as involved as I used to be.  Now, you may send one email to your parents.  Make it short and be vague about what you are doing; they wouldn’t believe you anyway.  After that, you will have no access to email or any other messaging system, including social media.  Having a presence like that on the web would only complicate things. ”























CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR


Llyr held his grandfather’s sword in his hands, admiring the master workmanship and the perfect balance it had.  He remembered as a child staring at it whenever possible, wishing that he could hold it and use it.  His Father made sure that he understood that there would be severe consequences if he dared to even touch it.  Now it was his.
“You shouldn’t be holding that sword," his Father said from across the room.
Llyr looked up at him. “I earned this sword, Father.  You acknowledged this when you gave it to me.”
“That was before you betrayed us.”
Llyr shook his head. “I am only doing what I was ordered to do.”
“You are not worthy of that sword," his Father reached for the sword
Llyr brought the sword up, using it to push his Father away from him. “It is my sword now, whether you like it or not.”
His Father looked at him, disappointed in his son. “You are willing to kill me, your father, for them." He looked off to the side.
Llyr turned his head and saw Rebecca and Natalie, watching them.  “I’m doing what Overwizard Aaden has commanded me to do.”
“Is that so?”  Llyr’s father was gone and Overwizard Aaden walked to the girls, inspecting them.  They shimmered and disappeared, several stacks of books appearing in their place.  The Overwizard picked one up and began to skim through it.  “I may have ordered you to act as a heretic but are you playing the part too well?  Would I approve of the books you’ve been studying?”
“I’m expanding my knowledge," Llyr said. “What’s wrong with that?”
“The wrong knowledge can be very dangerous," the Overwizard replied. “These are heretic writings.  Why do you fill your head with such lies?  Any of my other underlings would have destroyed them but you have dived into them.  Tell me, who do you want to be?  Are you an Aldri or a Heretic?  Who do you choose to be?
Llyr opened his eyes, the blackness of his room greeting him, the last words of his dream echoing in his mind.  Who do you choose to be? The Overwizard’s question stung him, as he could not answer it.  Old doubts about his people, doubts long buried, were beginning to surface, insisting that they be explored.  He knew that his superiors would have expected him to ignore, even destroy, the books he had been reading.  He had found a few books that would have brought the Watchers to him.  Any of them would have been enough for the Watchers to interrogate him.
Even knowing these things, Llyr could not help himself.  The knowledge offered by this place was too irresistible.  He had to know what had really happened between the dragons and the Aldri; and to know the truth, he had to know all sides of the story.  He sighed as he realized that with all that he had been taught and all that he was learning here, the lies seemed to be coming from his own people more than the dragons.  He was sure that there were some lies among those who supported the dragons but more seemed to be among the writings of those who supported the Archwizard. 
 It was a tangled mess that Llyr had fallen into and the question ‘Who do you chose to be?’ was one that he had no answer to.
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Rebecca woke up, feeling a bit unsettled.  She was having a pleasant dream, about flying through the air, when this feeling of confusion and dissatisfaction had emerged.  She didn’t get up, but stayed in her bed, studying the emotions she was feeling.  They were different as if they weren’t coming from her.  As she studied them, she felt them coming from outside of her door.  Curious, she got out of bed and cracked open her door.  Llyr was sitting in the living area of their apartment, staring at her.
Rebecca drew a quick breath as the emotions changed, the confusion coming to the forefront and expectation appearing.
“The soul link is changing,” Llyr said. “Before I could tell only where you were; now I’m beginning to know what you are feeling.”
Of course, Rebecca thought the soul link. These must be his emotions.  “I noticed.  You woke me up." Rebecca moved into the living area and sat down across from Llyr.
“I’m sorry," Llyr said. “So much has been happening and changing in the last few weeks that I find I’m having disturbing dreams.”
Rebecca nodded. “I’m surprised that I was able to sleep.  Writing to my parents without giving them any details was hard.  Now that I think about it, sending that email will make it harder for them.”
“At least you got to say some kind of farewell to your family.  The farewell I gave when I came here now seems inadequate.”
“How so?”
Llyr adjusted himself, not looking her in the eye.  “My heresy was not known when I left.  It is now.  My father is a high ranking member of the Convocation, which is the ruling body of my people.  My actions have brought dishonor to my family and will have decreased my father’s standing among his peers.”
“Do you regret the choices you’ve made?”
“No, I don’t.  My only regret is the way they were revealed.  You see, from an early age, we are taught that the Aldri are superior to all other races, with the dragons being our only equal.  We are taught that we do not kill each other.  I see now that this teaching is not upheld by the rulers of my people but a way to prevent rebellion from the lower classes.  I never wanted to kill my fellow Hunters but my hand was forced.”
Rebecca shifted, uncomfortable with the way this discussion was going. “What about your mother?  How will she feel about this?”
Llyr gave her a smile, sadness bleeding through the link. “My mother was taken by the Watchers more than twenty years ago.”
“Who are the Watchers?”
“The Watchers are a group that watches for heresy among my people.  Whenever someone is suspected of heresy, they are reported to the Watchers.  They then observe the person and, if they feel there is a strong likelihood of heresy, take them in for interrogation.  If they find that there is no heresy, they let the person go." Llyr paused for a moment. “My mother never came back.  In fact, right before they took her, she told me to be someone other than myself, to hide my distaste for my people’s traditions.  I’ve done well until now.”
Rebecca could feel the shame Llyr was feeling and moved over to sit next to him. “I’m so sorry." Rebecca put her hand on his shoulder and he flinched.  Rebecca pulled her hand back, about to apologize when Llyr shifted and grabbed her hand.
“Don’t be sorry," Llyr said. “Affection and concern have not been a part of my life since they took my mother.  I am grateful for your concern.  Now tell me about your family.”
Rebecca smiled. “My family was my life.  I could always count on my parents to be there for me, for a shoulder to cry on and a strong arm to hold me up when I was about to fall," Tears began to form in her eyes. “I miss them so much." The tears began to slide down her face.
Llyr hesitated but brought his hand up, wiping the tears from her cheek.  Rebecca felt the conflict within him, not being able to separate the emotions that were coming from him.  “I didn’t think about how hard this must be for you.  I was away from my family for ten years before now.  I saw my brother and father for the first time since I entered my Hunter training right before I came here.  I was never truly close to them and the separation is not what concerns me.  Status was always the most important thing in my family and I’ve hurt that.  I can tell that you were very close to your parents.  Tell me, what was your favorite thing to do with them.”
Rebecca wiped away more tears with her free hand, the other still being held by Llyr.  “Well, we used to go on these trips…”































CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE


The next day, Llyr put the point of his sword to the ground, signaling his opponent that he needed to rest for a moment.  The golem placed the tip of its weapon, a trident today, on the floor and assumed a parade rest.  Llyr looked over where the girls were training, concentrating on Rebecca.
The dragon had started to train Rebecca how to use magic and she appeared to be picking it up quickly.  At the moment, she was juggling balls of fire, an intense look on her face.  Havaar was watching her, bouncing another flame ball in his hand.  Without warning her, he threw the ball up so it joined the others.  The additional, unexpected ball threw off Rebecca’s pattern and she dropped all four, the balls splattering and creating many little fires around her.  She put out her hands and water came out of them, putting out the flames.
“You must be ready for the unexpected," Havaar instructed. “Magic is constantly in motion and sometimes will surge, creating unplanned for situations.  You must be able to adapt at a moment’s notice in order to maintain the spell you are performing.  Now, start again.”
Rebecca nodded and created three balls of fire and began to juggle them.  Llyr was impressed with the determination she had to learn new things.  He saw it in the classes they took with this Socrates.  He could even feel it through the soul link, the bundle of her emotions being transferred to him through the magical string that connected them.
His ability to discern what she was feeling was growing stronger every day and he was sure it was the same for her.  Yesterday, they had talked for hours, him holding her hand.  Llyr was not sure what to make of it.  When she had touched him, the feelings of concern had been so strong; then when he had flinched, the hurt overwhelmed all the other feelings so much that he reacted, grabbing her hand.  It was strange to him that this girl, who had no idea who he was or why he was really here, seemed to care for him more than his father or even his brother did.
It made Llyr a bit uncomfortable to be at the receiving end of such compassion.  From her, it had been there before they had even met.  He had come to kill her and she had ended up saving his life.  He was beginning to feel ashamed of his actions toward her when he woke up, alive when he should have been dead from a goblin’s spear.  That shame, in turn, brought a feeling of shame that he was betraying his people, not fulfilling the mission to aid in the taking of this world.  
The more he read about the Archwizard, the more he was confused.  He had branched out from just reading about the war to reading everything that the dragon had on the periods surrounding the war.  There were even a few books written by the Archwizard himself.  The picture of what had happened between the Aldri and the dragons was completely different than what he had been taught.  The inconsistency about his education as a child had always bothered him and was beginning to become more apparent.  
The Archwizard had always been portrayed as a great leader, someone who was working for the greater good of the Aldri and the dragons had resented him and forced him to leave.  Everything that Llyr was reading showed a very different man.  A man with great charisma, who had an ability to get people to do what he wanted them to do.  However, Llyr saw that the Archwizard used this talent to achieve his own selfish ends.  Even in his own books, the Archwizard was a prideful, arrogant man whose jealousy of the dragon’s natural long life had driven him to commit horrible acts.  His obsession with obtaining an equally long life had caused him to start a war that had almost destroyed two great civilizations.  He now understood why his people were not allowed to know too much.  It would create such an uproar, that it would once again lead to civil war.
Llyr shook his head, picking up his sword from off the floor.  He hoped that his brother contacted him soon with a way out of the situation he was in.  If this went on for much longer, he wasn’t sure he wouldn’t be the heretic that everyone thought he was.  










































CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX


Rebecca was beginning to get impatient.  She, Natalie, and Llyr were waiting outside the training room.  They had arrived at a closed door and when they tried to open it, Havaar had yelled at them to stay out until he was done.  Done with what?
Natalie was sitting in the hallway, meditating.  She had finally found her magic and said that the more time she had to meditate each morning before starting their training, the easier it was to access her core.  Rebecca was also sitting, trying to meditate but some of the emotions coming from Llyr were distracting her.  As the link between them had grown stronger, the harder it was becoming to ignore what he was feeling.  If he was awake, she was awake.  Unless she had something to concentrate on, it was impossible to keep from noticing his feelings.
Right now, there was a growing sense of concern coming from him.  She wasn’t sure why but she was going to find out.  She got up off the floor and walked over to where he was inspecting his sword.  “Llyr, what’s the matter?”
Llyr looked at her. “Why would you think anything is the matter?”
Rebecca sighed. “Llyr, I can feel everything you are feeling.  The way things have been going, I’m almost expecting to hear your thoughts.  You are concerned about something and it’s quite distracting.  So, what is it?”
Llyr didn’t say anything for a minute, the sense of concern growing in Rebecca’s mind.
“I’m concerned that you won’t like what Havaar has planned for us today.”
“Do you know what he’s doing there?”
“Not exactly, but I have a good guess." Llyr slid his sword back into its sheath. “Havaar can change that room into whatever shape he desires and there is only one reason he would be changing the room this much: combat exercises.”
“Combat exercises?”  Rebecca repeated a look of distaste coming on to her face.
“I knew you wouldn’t like that," Llyr said. “Just remember that we won’t be killing things and that he wouldn’t be doing this if there was nothing to learn from it.”
At that moment, the door to the training room opened and Havaar exited the room.  Before he could say anything, Rebecca turned around and advanced on him. “Are you really going to make us do combat exercises?”
“Hmmm, I wouldn’t call this a combat exercise," Havaar replied. “More of a combat evaluation.”
“A combat evaluation?”  Llyr said. “You haven’t trained the girls in any combat techniques.”
“I’m well aware of that," Havaar said. “I want to have an idea about where to start.  The best way to do that is to throw them into a combat situation and evaluate how they respond.”
“I told you I don’t like fighting," Rebecca stated. “I won’t kill anything.”
“You won’t be fighting anything that is alive," Havaar explained. “The golems I created for this are not living, thinking beings.  They’re more like robots.”
“What are robots?”  Llyr asked.
“Robots are golems that are created through technology instead of magic," Havaar told him.
Llyr shook his head. “I didn’t know technology could do that.   What type of golems will we be facing?”
“Rock, metal, wood, and pseudo-flesh.”
“Pseudo-flesh?”  Natalie said, standing up. “How do you make fake flesh golems?”
“Humans have made great advancements in technology,” Havaar answered. “Including the creation of substances that are similar to flesh.  In the past, if I wanted to give my students practice fighting fleshy opponents, I would have to animate dead bodies, which is not only disgusting but is also disrespectful to the dead.  Using pseudo-flesh allows me to create golems who accomplish the same purpose without potentially offending the dead.”
“Why do we need to do this?”  Rebecca said. “Can’t you teach us without having us fight?”
“I could teach you but the best learning is done when you can apply what you have learned," Havaar said. “Also, combat exercises are the best way to increase your speed, endurance, and adaptability.  I have tried other ways in the past but this is the most effective.” 
“They are basically children when it comes to combat," Llyr insisted. “Would you do this to a child?”
“No, I wouldn’t do this to a child," Havaar said. “While they may know little about combat, they are not children.  Tell me what happened in the portal cave.”
“What does that have to do with this?”  Rebecca shot back.
“Everything," Havaar said. “That was a real combat situation.  Tell me what you did there, Rebecca.”
Rebecca swallowed, staring at Havaar.  The intense look in his eyes demanded that she tell him what he wanted.  “I….I killed two people.”
“How?”
“I burned them.”
“Llyr, would a child have done that or even been able to do it?”  Llyr shook his head.
“They may know as little as a child about combat,” Havaar explained. “but they are adults who will think and respond in ways a child would not.  I need to know how they respond and that will give me the knowledge about how best to train them.  You will be going in with them as support.”
Havaar opened the door to the training room, signaling that they should enter.  Rebecca walked through the door and stepped to the side, wondering what happened.  There was no longer a big, open area.  They were in a small room, with two doors; one straight ahead and one off to the side.  There were three bundles on the floor, each one covered with a shiny, metal shirt.
“While I will be casting protection spells on you, each of you will be wearing some armor to be on the safe side," Havaar said, closing the door behind him.  “Rebecca, Natalie, you will also find a short sword with your bundle.  I do not expect you to use the weapon; however, I’ve found that just having a weapon gives people more confidence in situations like this.  Rebecca, this is your pile.  Natalie, this one.”
“I doubt these two will be able to handle the weight of chain for an extended period of time," Llyr commented, walking over to his pile.
“These are made of moon metal," Havaar said. “It will be like they are wearing a heavy sweater.”
“What is moon metal?”  Natalie asked, picking up the chain mail.
“Metal ore harvested under the light of three full moons," Havaar explain. “A special potion is used during the mining to ensure that the magic is trapped inside of the metal, making it stronger and lighter.”
Rebecca picked up the chain mail, studying it.  It was several layers of rings interwoven together to create a barrier of metal.  Rebecca was surprised that it was so light, exactly as Havaar had said.  “Under the light of three full moons, eh? So this metal is not from Earth.”
“No, it is not," Havaar replied. “There are padded shirts to make sure the chain doesn’t dig into your skin.  You two ladies may change in that room," he pointed to the door off to the side.
Natalie picked up her bundle and hurried to the door.  Rebecca bent down and picked up her bundle.  She walked over to the changing room, kicking the door shut behind her.  As soon as the door closed, she dropped her bundle and sat down against the wall.
Natalie looked at her, her arms stopped in the act of taking off her shirt. “What’s the matter?”
“Why did he have to bring up the portal cave?”  Rebecca answered. “That is not something that I want to remember.”
“Well, Llyr and you kind of forced him to do it," Natalie said, pulling her shirt off. “He really shouldn’t have to explain why he’s doing what he’s doing.  I mean, he’s been teaching magic users for thousands of years.  You were asking for a reason why he was doing this and he gave you one.”
“I suppose you’re right," Rebecca said. “Doesn’t make it any easier.”
Natalie started putting on the padding. “You’d better get the armor on.  I don’t think he’ll wait very long.”
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Llyr quickly put on the padding and chainmail.  He was surprised to find a shirt of chainmail made from moon metal.  The metal was so difficult to find and harvest, that usually only weapons were made of it.  His sword was one of a few on his world and the fact that Havaar had three shirts of chainmail was mind-boggling.
“I do not think this is a good idea," Llyr told Havaar. “What happened in the portal cave was difficult for Rebecca to handle.  In fact, I don’t think she has come to terms with it.”
“Which is one of the reasons I am doing this," Havaar replied. “Rebecca is suppressing a lot of what has happened since her magic manifested itself.  These emotions will cause problems for her in the future if she does not face and deal with them.  I will do my best to bring them out and help her to accept what has happened.  By the time we are done with your people, there will be a lot worse things to deal with and if she doesn’t learn to deal with these smaller things, the bigger things may kill her.”
The side door opened and the girls came out, dressed in the provided chainmail.  “Now what?”  Rebecca asked, looking uncomfortable.
“Now I will add some magical protection," Havaar explained, walking over to them, moving his hand down in front of Rebecca.  Llyr adjusted his sight, watching the magic flow from Havaar to swirl and condense around Rebecca.  It appeared to harden around her and then fade, leaving a hint of the magic that was there.
“This protection will keep you from any serious harm," Havaar said, moving over to Natalie. “However, you will still feel any hits you may take and they will hurt, leaving bruises.  Think of it as an incentive to learn to avoid being hit.”
“If you are protecting us with magic, why are we wearing these chain shirts?”  Rebecca questioned.
“Because, like everything else, there is a small chance that the magic will fail," Havaar told her as he moved over to Llyr. “The chainmail is backup just in case that happens.”
Llyr adjusted his sight again as the magic blocked his vision, reverting back to normal vision.  Given that they would be facing golems, he doubted he would need to track any magic being used.
“During each exercise, I will give you a goal," Havaar instructed. “The goal for today will be simple; get to the center of the maze.  There will be a variety of enemies and to succeed you will have to work together.”
Havaar went on explaining the exercise but Llyr began to have trouble concentrating.  Sudden feelings of doubt and discomfort rose up, will a small undertone of fear.  He shifted, trying to shake them away.  Why am I feeling like this?  This is no different than the dozens of combat drills I did at home.  As he examined the feelings, he realized his own excitement was still there, longing to enter this familiar situation.  Confused, he studied the negative feelings closer and found they were coming from somewhere else.  He looked at Rebecca and knew that they were what she was feeling.  The soul link must be transferring what she is feeling to me.
All of a sudden, Rebecca began to shake her head. “No, no, no, I won’t do this.”
Havaar stopped talking and looked at her. “Excuse me?”
“I can’t do this," Rebecca told him. “I do not believe in fighting; I’m not going to participate in these exercises.”
“You will not be killing anything," Havaar said. “As I explained before, you will be fighting golems, which are magical constructs with no life.  This is merely an exercise to improve your familiarity and skill with magic.”
“I will not do it," Rebecca reaffirmed. “I will learn to create and heal, but not fight.
Havaar’s gaze hardened and he stepped closer to her, talking in a quiet voice. “You listen to me, Miss Bray.  I have lived on your world for over six thousand years and for most of that time been training magic users.  My methods work and give a balanced education.  Are you saying you know better than me about how to teach magic?”
“No, but there must have been some you taught who vowed not to commit violence.”
“I have taught many healers who vowed never to hurt a living thing.  They all received this same training.  These exercises didn’t break their vows and they won’t destroy you morally.  You say you want to learn to heal and create?  Well, the best way to begin is by learning to rely on magic and learning to use it instinctively.  These exercises are the best way to teach you that.  You will have no other weapons but magic to use.”
Rebecca said nothing and Llyr felt the conflict that raged inside her.  Havaar continued to loom over her and Llyr wondered if she would break.
“Rebecca,” Llyr said, stepping beside her. “I can feel what you are feeling and I know you can sense what I feel.  Concentrate on that; concentrate on my feelings about this.”
They both looked at him but neither of them said anything.  Minutes passed and Llyr felt the feelings within Rebecca settle to a manageable level, a sense of curiosity arising within her.
“How can you be excited about this?”  Rebecca asked.
“I’ve spent most of my life training in combat," Llyr answered. “This is familiar, with one difference: I’m not going to be killed here.  All the combat exercises past the second year of Hunter training are unprotected.  I saw classmates die and I was injured many times.  A few bruises don’t seem like much when compared to that.”
“That’s horrible.”
“That’s my people.”
“Prepare to enter the maze," Havaar stated, moving to the door.
“Don’t worry, Rebecca.  I’ll be right beside you.”











CHAPTER THIRTY-SEVEN


The golem sprinted out of the hallway toward Rebecca.  If it had had vocal cords, she was sure it would be roaring.  She raised her hands and made a grabbing motion in the direction of the construct.  Her magic caught its leg, holding it in place.  The rest of the golem continued forward, ripping from the leg, causing it to fall on its face.  As it looked up, she made slashing motion with her hand, a thin line of flame extending from her hand and cutting the thing’s head in two.
Rebecca shifted back into a defensive stance, keeping her eyes on the golem.  Sometimes, damaging the head stopped the thing.  Sometimes, it kept on fighting, if a bit more out of control.  It remained on the ground, not rising.  No other constructs came out of the hall she was guarding.  She looked to her left, where Natalie had another golem held in the air within a ball of energy.  The thing was pounding on the encasing magic, causing the ball to shimmer with colorful ripples.
Natalie had one hand out in front of her, her hand shaped as if she was holding a ball.  Her other hand was next to her stomach and she moved it forward slowly as if she were pushing it into something dense.  She stopped her hand about a forearm away from her body and held it there for a few seconds and then popping open her fingers.
The golem exploded within the ball, the pieces bouncing around inside.  After a moment, Natalie relaxed her hands, dropping them to her side.
“How did you do that?”  Rebecca asked, walking over to Natalie. “I’ve never seen you do that before.”
“It’s something I just figured out," Natalie told her. “With magic, I can feel the little spaces within things. I haven’t found anything yet that doesn’t have some spaces in it.  If I form a small ball of energy within the space, I can expand it at an accelerated rate.”
“You’re exploding things with your magic?”
“Yep," Natalie said with a big grin. “No boom though.  That’s why I had that golem encased in magic.  I didn’t want to hurt us with all the flying pieces.”
“You ladies are supposed to be watching the tunnels," Llyr called from across the room. “I would hate for you to get hit in the back while you’re distracted.”
Rebecca spun, putting her hands up in a ready position.  “There’s nothing coming.”
“Just because you can’t see it doesn’t mean nothing is there.”
Rebecca let out an annoyed sigh and stepped forward, punching with her palm open, sending a ball of fire down the hall.  It lit the hallway until it hit the wall at the far end.  “There is nothing there.”
A section of the wall behind them slid up and Havaar walked into the room. “That doesn’t mean you can let down your guard, Rebecca.  You never know when an enemy will stop attacking to see if you will let down your guard.”
“Yes, Master; sorry.”
“This exercise is done for the day," Havaar walked to the middle of the room, picking up the small statue that they had been protecting. “You all did well today.  The statue doesn’t have a scratch on it.”
“Thank you, Master.”
“I will have to increase the skill of your opponents to make sure it is still a challenge.” 
  “Master, I’m sick of using these destructive spells," Rebecca said. “When will you begin to teach me healing?”
“Not yet," Havaar told her as he motioned for her to leave the training room. “Healing is a delicate art that requires precision, attention to detail, and patience.  Healing will kill just as fast as the destructive magics if you are not careful.  Over the last month, you have shown remarkable progress in learning the different elements of magic and we will start applying the concepts you have been studying with Socrates to your magical training.”
“What do art, architecture, and engineering have to do with healing?”  Rebecca asked.
“Nothing directly but the methods used will begin to teach you the precision you need to have when healing without the risk of killing anybody.  Meanwhile, you will begin studying the concepts, theories, and methods of healing with Socrates.”
“Master,”  Natalie said. “what will I do during this time?  My magic will not allow me to do these things.”
“Madam Morel has a couple of books for you, written by the last energy mage to live," Havaar said. “I requested that she write them, as I have trouble teaching the more advanced techniques you will be using.  You will begin studying these books and learning what it is to be an energy mage," Natalie nodded, a large smile coming to her face.
“Master, I request that I be allowed to study in the library as well," Llyr said. “I believe my time will be better spent there.”
“I agree; there are many books on combat.  Have you been able to discover your swords abilities?”
Llyr shook his head.
“There are also several books on unlocking enchanted weaponry.  I would suggest you spend some of your time studying those.  Now, all of you get cleaned up and have your meal.  Then we will return to your training.”
A little while later, Rebecca returned to the training room to find it a large, open room again.  “As we move into the more advanced instruction, you will find that there is very little that does not use all the elements of magic," Havaar explained. “The key is in knowing which element should be foremost.  If I were to ask you to create a glass sculpture for me, what elements would you use?  And which would be the foremost element?”
Rebecca thought back over the last month of classes, many of which focused on art.  “Well, I would say that you would need earth, air, and fire, earth being the foremost element.”
	“Why?”
“Earth would be needed to create the sand and hold the shape, while fire would be used to melt the sand to create glass and air to help shape and cool it.”
“Why not water?”
“Water would cool the glass too fast, causing it to crack and break.”
Havaar nodded. “Very good.  Having that knowledge is just the first step.  Practice is what teaches you mastery.  Create for me a glass ball.”
“Okay." Rebecca licked her lips, nervous at trying this with only book knowledge as her guide.   She held her hands apart like she was holding an invisible ball and began to draw on her magic reserves.  Sand began to pour from her top hand, stopping just above the bottom hand.  After she had a small ball of sand, she began to twist her hands, fire shooting from her fingertips into the ball.   The heat began to build and she realized that her magic reserves had depleted at an alarming rate.
She began to pull in the magic around her, not concentrating on the ball of liquid in her hands.  It wobbled and began to spill.  It stopped just before it hit her arm and flew above Havaar’s hand.  Rebecca dropped her hands and hung her head as the last of the hot sand left her hands.
Havaar blew onto the ball, his magic enhanced breath cooling the ball into a discolored mixture of glass and sand.  “You forgot what you studied.  What is the first step when beginning a project?”
“Prepare the proper protection.”
Havaar nodded. “And do you create the material needed or use what is already on hand?”
Rebecca looked up, noticing the pile of sand off to the side. “Never create what may be already on hand.  Converting energy to solid matter will deplete your magic reserves.”
“Very good," Havaar held out the ball to her. “Take this and use it as a reminder.  It was a good first try that would have been better if you had remembered all the steps.  From now on, you will tell me the steps before we begin any project.  Now, using all the proper steps, we’ll try again.”
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Llyr chuckled as Madam Morel chased Natalie out of the library, with the books that Havaar had directed her to.  The entire section of the library where Natalie had been studying was in shambles because Natalie had decided to test some of the techniques she was reading about.  He kept his head down and controlled his chuckles as Madam Morel passed by him, muttering to herself.
The book he was studying was not on combat or about enchanted weapons.  It was about soul links.  He did not like what he had read.  
According to the text, they were already beyond the point where the link could be broken.  If either one of them died, both would die, one soul pulling the other into the next life.  Not only would he be sharing feelings with Rebecca, they would soon be able to hear each other’s thoughts.  This was the most distressing for Llyr, for his lies would be revealed.
Llyr rubbed his eyes, unsure of what to do.  If who he really was came out, there is no telling what Havaar would do.  He was sure he wouldn’t be killed, as Rebecca would also die.  He did not like the idea of spending the rest of his life imprisoned.  That all depended on if he was still doing as the Overwizard wished.
Fighting with Rebecca and Natalie had affected him in a way he did not expect.  He saw the reluctance in Rebecca’s fighting but felt the determination in her to learn and be the best.  It was an odd, contradictory sensation, especially since she seemed to draw from his feelings of confidence and excitement during the exercises.
He concentrated on the link and felt peace and enjoyment, something he had not felt from her the entire time they had been here.  Earlier, a great sense of shame had almost overwhelmed him but it passed quickly and ever since that time, the other feelings had been growing.  It was obvious that whatever Havaar was teaching her was something she connected to.  And this made him happy.
The shame Llyr now felt was from himself.  He had been sent to this world to kill this girl and prepare the way for his people to invade.  He no longer had any desire to kill Rebecca. He wanted to help her along her path to becoming a wizard.  This brought on a feeling of betrayal.  The Overwizard would tell him he was not doing what was good for his people.  However, he now felt that his superiors were leading the Aldri people in a self-serving way that would only benefit them, doing nothing for the greater good.
Part of Llyr still felt duty bound to follow the Overwizard’s orders but that was fading the longer he stayed and the more he studied.  If he were to tell any of his own people his thoughts, he would be turned over to the Watchers.  The fact that he was feeling great surges of defiance and rebellion was beginning to worry him because he had no arguments for himself to push them away.
He flipped the book on soul links closed, pushing it away from him.  He grabbed one of the books on enchanted weaponry and began to study it.  Maybe if he focused on improving his fighting skills, he could forget what he had read.  Maybe he could ignore his feelings and be the person his father and brother wanted him to be.



















CHAPTER THIRTY-EIGHT


“Today we will be going out for our training," Havaar told them.
“Out?”  Rebecca said. “Out to where?”
“To a settlement of Artans located nearby," Havaar said.
“Artan?”  Llyr said. “There are Artans on this world?”
“Yes," Havaar said.
“Well, I know who cut these halls," Llyr commented. “That must have cost you.”
“It was worth it," Havaar said.  He bent down and handed a sack to each of them. “Change into these and meet me back at the entrance cave.”
Rebecca went back to her room and emptied the sack onto her bed.  It was the chainmail from her combat exercises.
“Why do we have to wear these?”  Rebecca asked when she entered the entrance cave.
“In case we run into trouble," Havaar said. “I like to be prepared.”
Natalie arrived with the same question.  Once Llyr got there, they went through a door on the opposite side of the cave.
“The Artans have been fighting off goblin raids recently," Havaar said. “Rebecca has been studying healing magic and the Artans have many wounded.  We will be able to help them and teach her at the same time.”
“We will be there during a raid?” Llyr asked.
“I don’t know," Havaar said. “That’s why you’re wearing armor.”
“If the Artans are attacked, I won’t be of much use," Llyr said. “The soul link doesn’t let me go far from Rebecca and she won’t be in the fighting.”
“We may have to do something about that," Havaar said.
“Master Havaar, what are Artans?”  Rebecca asked.
“Artans are intelligent beings made of rock," Havaar answered. “They are often referred to as earth elementals, though they are different from how they are described in books.”
“Imagine that," Natalie commented sarcastically. “Why are the goblins attacking them?”
“When an Artan dies, the rock falls away, leaving behind an enchanted piece of ore,” Havaar explained. “The Artans bury this in a special garden, where two more Artans are born from the ore.  This is how Artans procreate.”
“However, this ore can be smelted into one of the strongest metals in the universe, a metal called mithril.  For this reason, Artans are hunted down and killed.”
“Whenever an Artan colony is found by my people, they are wiped out for their mithril cores," Llyr commented.
Rebecca gasped. “So, these creatures are killed for metal?”
Havaar nodded. “Not so different from other species.  I help protect this colony of Artans when I can, though they are usually able to defend themselves.” 
Havaar lead them through tunnels, many of which had been cut.  They entered caves that had amazing rock formations and gemstones sticking out of the rock.
“Why hasn’t anyone found these tunnels?”  Natalie said.
“Because humans are discouraged from digging around here," Havaar said. “Magically and more directly if the magic fails.”
“Oh.”
“Rebecca, Natalie; while we are walking, there is a technique I am going to teach you.  Natalie, fill your magical reserve.”
Natalie nodded and took a deep breath.  Rebecca felt the magical energy around her rush into Natalie.  Natalie held her breath for a moment and then blew out slowly, keeping the magic inside her.
“Rebecca,” Havaar said. “do you feel anything different?”
Rebecca nodded, feeling a bit shocked. “Almost all of the magic is gone out of this area.  Though it is building back up.”
“Very good," Havaar complimented. “What Natalie did was like draining a part of a water container; the magic in the surrounding areas is rushing in to balance the energy flows.  There is still magic here but now there will not be as much until it is replenished.  As you use magic, the energy in an area will decrease, making it harder to cast your spells.”
“What happens if there is no more magic in an area?”  Rebecca asked.
“Usually you have to wait until the energy is replenished," Havaar explained. “This happens over time as the world crosses the magical currents that flow through the universe.  However, since Natalie is an energy mage, you may draw energy from her.”
“Excuse me?”  Natalie says. “Are you saying she can just take my reserve?”
“No, I’m not," Havaar replied. “I worded that wrong.  You may give her access to your reserve.  Energy mages have a unique ability to share the magic they hold.  No other magic user can do this.  Your focus on the pure, magical element allows you to share what you hold.  The fact that your magical reserve is much larger than anyone else’s gives those with an energy mage on their side a distinct advantage.”
“While we are walking, you and Rebecca will practice this technique.  There may be a time that it will save lives.” 
After a couple of hours of walking, Rebecca and Natalie had become proficient at transferring magic from Natalie to Rebecca.  “Enough practice," Havaar said as they entered a large cavern with many stone houses in it. “We are almost there.”
“Wow," Rebecca said as she looked into the cave.
“I don’t understand how they hide that down here," Natalie said.
“There are no entrances to this cave from the surface," Havaar said. “The nearest exit to the surface takes hours to get to.  Let’s keep moving; we still have a good twenty minutes before we get to the city.”
The climb down from the tunnel exit was slow going, one wrong step would send you to your death.  When they reached the bottom, several forms emerged from the rock.
One of the short figures spoke a rough, choppy language to Havaar, to which he responded.  One of the figures nodded and moved into the light of their globe while the rest melded back into the rock.
“This is Raga," Havaar said. “He will lead us to where the wounded are.”
Raga nodded to them.  It was made of various sizes of rock slabs, its shape similar to a human, that moved together with little grinding.  It stood just over four feet tall and carried a large, two-handed maul that had a strip of one-inch spikes encircling each side.
Natalie stared back at the rock where the Artans had come from. “Where are they hiding?”
 “Notice how they seemed to come out of the rock?”  Llyr said. “Well, they did come out of the rock.  Artans are made from the rocks from the world on which they live.  Because of this, their craftsmanship with stone is unequaled.  They’re probably the ones who cut the tunnels and rooms in the Havaar’s lair.”
	Natalie shook her head, staring at the dimly lit buildings ahead of them. “I thought I knew so much about magic and the fantasy world.  Every day it seems I know less.”
	“It is better to think of what you have read as fantasy," Havaar said, looking back at her. “There hasn’t been a real human wizard in over a thousand years.  All the myths and legends of the magical creatures have changed in that time and the authors who have written the books you’ve read have adapted those creatures to fit their worlds.  You are learning what the world of magic is really like.”
	“At least you had some idea what you were getting into," Rebecca said. “I avoided reading those kind of books.  I thought they were a complete waste of time.”
	They entered the Artan city, the entrance a small gate they had to go through one at a time, ducking to avoid hitting their heads.  The city was made entirely of stone, buildings cut into the stone.  Artans moved around the city.  While there were doors on the various buildings, the Artans walked through the walls, not even stopping conversations.  The doors appeared to be in place for when an Artan was carrying a larger object.
	Artans with weapons openly displayed were on every street.  They stared at the humans with hard eyes, fingering their weapons.  Wherever they went, all activity ceased, the Artans staring at them.
	“They don’t get many visitors down here, do they?”  Rebecca said.
	“No," Havaar bent down and asked their guide a question in the Artan tongue.  
	“Master, what did you ask him?”  Rebecca asked after Raga answered.
	 “I asked why so many are armed in the city.  It appears that the goblins have become bolder in their raids and the Artans fear they may attempt to strike at the city.”
	They were led to a large building near the east end of the city.  Once inside, their guide handed them over to another Artan and left.  It led them through the building’s long hallways.
	“Look at these walls," Rebecca said. “The carvings in the walls are filled with some kind of luminance of different colors.”
	“That’s cool," Natalie said. “Except you’re stuck with the decoration forever.”
	The halls of the building were decorated in this way, the luminance not only providing décor but also lighting the hallways.  After a time their guide turned into a large room that was filled with rows of stone slabs, wounded Artans lying on top of them.
	  “Havaar, good to see you again," an Artan said, walking over to them and bowing to the dragon, his right hand to his chest.
	“Harre,” Havaar put his right hand to his chest, inclining his head. “It has been too long.  It appears that you are busy.”
	“The goblins have been raiding our outposts every day for the last twenty days,” Harre said. “The last four days they have been attacking twice a day.  I’m glad you’re here; we could really use your help.   I see you’ve brought along some friends.”
	“Students, actually," Havaar said. “This is Natalie, Rebecca, and Llyr.”
	Harre bowed to them, hand to chest. “I am Harre.  It is a pleasure to meet you.  It has been many years since I spent any time among humans.”
	“You spent time among humans?”  Rebecca said.
	“I wanted to study human healing techniques.  This is the reason I am able to speak your language," Harre explained.  “Now that introductions are done, why are you here?”
	“Rebecca is being instructed in the art of healing," Havaar said. “Considering your current situation, I thought this would be an opportunity that would be beneficial to both of us.”
	“I don’t like the idea of a novice healer practicing on my patients," Harre said. “Some of these Artans are seriously injured.”
	“You have my word that I will make sure that she kills no one," Havaar assured him. “We will attend to those with minor wounds, freeing up your staff to look after those with more serious injuries.”
	Harre thought about it and nodded. “Those with minor wounds are kept on those rows.  You may start over there.”
	“Thank you," Havaar moved to the rows Harre indicated, the rest of them following.
	The first soldier they stopped by had a leg injury.  Havaar talked to him, then turned to Rebecca. “Pay close attention to me, feeling what I do.  I will explain what I do as I do it.”
	Rebecca felt a magic fill Havaar. “One thing before I begin; Artans are resistant to magic.  You may need to use more magic then you would on more fleshy beings," Havaar took off the bandage that was wrapped around the wounded leg and held his hand over it.  A small stream of water fell from his hand onto the wound and he gently cleaned the wound.
	“Artans are made of earth and water.  They do not have blood.  Instead, they have a thick, gel-like substance that acts as the nervous system and lubricates the stone body parts.  Because of their rock bodies, blade weapons are of little use against Artans.  Blunt, heavy weapons are used when fighting Artans and so most of the wounds we will encounter will be cracks and dents.”
	“Master, how is this going to help me learn to heal people?”  Rebecca asked.
	“Rebecca, a healer needs to be willing to help any who are in need, not just humans," Havaar chided. “I know you know this because you rushed to Llyr’s side even though you knew nothing about him.  The art of healing is as varied as any other art.  The Artans’ need presents an opportunity to teach you a different way of healing.”
	“Now, follow along as I heal this wound.  A touch of water to ease the pain as I use earth to fill the cracks and bring out the dent," Havaar moved his hand around the wound, gradually lifting his hand further from the patient’s leg.
	After the wound was healed, Havaar talked to the Artan and the Artan got off the stone slab, walking around it.  He nodded, talking to Havaar.  The Artan grabbed some weapons that were stored by the slab and headed toward the exit.
	“Did you catch that?”  Havaar asked Rebecca, to which she nodded. “Do you want me to show you again?”
	“Yes, it would be good to see again," Rebecca said.
	Havaar moved to the next soldier, this one having a shoulder wound.  He repeated the process, explaining everything he did.
	“Do you want to try it?”  Havaar said after the soldier had left.
	“Yes," Rebecca said, moving to the next soldier.  She knelt next to the Artan, removing the bandage from his shoulder.  Underneath the bandage was a long, deep crack, oozing gel.  She swallowed, fighting to keep her stomach from heaving.  She felt around her, feeling the magical energy in the area, drawing on it.  There was enough in the area that she did not have to draw any from Natalie’s reserve.
	She followed Havaar’s example, cleaning the wound.  She directed the magic into the wound slowly, not wanting to make the wound worse.
	“Good, good," Havaar said. “A little more earth.”
	Rebecca did as he said and the injury began to close faster.  As soon as the wound was healed, the soldier gathered his things and moved to the exit.
	“Where are they going in such a hurry?”   Natalie asked.
	“Back to the outposts," Havaar said.
	“Why don’t they go home and rest?”  Rebecca said. “Are they so eager to fight?”
	“They can’t afford to go home and rest with the frequency of goblin raids they’ve been having," Havaar explained.
	“Master, this healing is different than when I healed Llyr," Rebecca said. “His wound closed instantly.”
	“This form of healing is better for the healer and the patient.  The type you used to heal Llyr requires a tremendous amount of energy and is very painful for the patient.  It should only be used in emergencies.”
	“Will you demonstrate it for me?”
	“Only if one of the Artans agrees to it.  Let’s continue; I’ll observe you a few more times.  If all goes well, I will begin to heal others so that we will be able to maximize our time here.”
	Rebecca moved to the next soldier, healing him.  After watching her heal two more Artans, Havaar began to heal Artans, leaving Rebecca on her own.  She began to get faster, gaining confidence in her abilities.  After two hours of healing, she sat down on a chair against the wall, worn out by the magical energies flowing through her.
	“Have you had enough?”  Havaar said, sitting beside her.
	“I only need to rest awhile," Rebecca said, wiping some sweat from her forehead. “Why aren’t you worn out?”
	“I have much more experience and practice using magic," Havaar said. “I can only teach you so much; certain things, such as stamina, come with use.”
	“You’ve been forcing me to use magic for hours every day ever since I arrived at your lair.  I haven’t felt this worn out this soon for weeks.”
	“The spells I have you using are basic, requiring little energy.  Healing is more complex, requiring much more energy and skill.  You seem to have a talent for it.  I didn’t expect you to pick it up so quickly but you are a fast learner.  I am going to have to reevaluate your training schedule; I think we need to increase the pace.”
	Rebecca stared at him, Pick up the pace; is he trying to kill me?
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
	Llyr lounged against the wall close to where Havaar and Rebecca were talking.  He wants to make her learn faster.  I think the Overwizard is in for a surprise when he finally decides to try and kill her; if she will defend herself.  It amazed him how far she had progressed in such a short time.  Apprentices among his people took at least a year to achieve the level she had reached in a couple of months.  If the dragon pushed her harder, she might be a formidable force by the time the Overwizard did anything.
	Frustration and anger began to rise in Llyr as he thought of the Overwizard, Why haven’t they contacted me?  What could they be doing?  How long am I supposed to wait here?  He looked over at Rebecca, unsure of the feelings he was beginning to have for her.  I need to keep my distance from her.  I’m growing too close, caring too much.  There must be a way to make it so I can stay further away from her.
	An Artan walked over to Havaar, bowing to him.  They talked for a moment in the Artan tongue.
	“These are my students," Havaar said, lapsing into the human tongue and gesturing to Rebecca, Natalie, and Llyr
	“It is a pleasure to meet you all," the Artan said. “I am Freft.  I wish to thank you for your service here today.”
	“We should be thanking you," Havaar replied. “You have given me the opportunity to give my apprentice some practical experience.”
	“It is well that we served each other today," Freft said.  He looked to the side, listening.
	What is he hearing?  Llyr looked around, seeing that all of the Artans in the room had stopped what they were doing.  Suddenly, they began to rush about, yelling at each other.
	“I must go," Freft said, turning.
	Havaar caught him by the arm. “What did the stones say?”
	“A large goblin force caught our eastern outpost by surprise, slaughtering all who were there," Freft said. “They will be here soon.  I need to prepare our defenses.”
	“What can we do to help?”
	“Come with me.”
	Havaar motioned to the rest of them to follow.  Freft rushed out of the room.  The previously empty halls were now a buzz of activity:  Artans running about, shouting at each other, various medical supplies being placed outside of every door.
	They entered a large square adjacent to the eastern gate.  A large body of troops was gathered there.  Freft stopped at a table where his commanders were counseling with each other.
	“Have the scouts reported back?”  Freft asked.
	“Yes, my Lord," one commander replied. “goblin skirmishers have already made contact with our outer defenses; the main goblin force is less than an hour behind.”
	“Report to your units and make the best speed to the outer defenses; I don’t want the goblins to get anywhere near the city," Freft ordered.
	“My Lord, all of our forces are not gathered," another commander objected. “I don’t think we will be able to hold with what we have.”
	“Our forces will be sent out as soon as they are ready," Freft said. “I realize that what we have is insufficient to hold the enemy but if we do not send reinforcements immediately, we will be fighting the goblins in our homes.  Now, get moving; every moment spent arguing brings the enemy closer.”
	The commanders bowed and hurried to their units.  Freft studied the maps on the table, his brow furrowed.
	“Where would we be of most use?”  Havaar asked.
	Freft looked up, slightly startled. “Sorry, I had forgotten about you.  Hmm…Head up to the battle lines; your presence will boost morale.”
	 Havaar nodded, walking toward the soldiers forming at the gate.
	“Wait," Rebecca said, drawing Havaar’s attention. “What are we going to do in a battle?”
	“Help fight," Havaar answered. “What else would we do?”
	“I don’t fight," Rebecca said. “I’ve told you this.”
	“You don’t seem to understand who we’ll be fighting," Llyr said. “goblins are creatures that don’t care for the lives of other beings like you do.  They won’t take prisoners or have mercy on the young, old or infirm if they manage to break through to the city.  They will kill every last Artan and us as well.   You can’t reason with them.”
	“How do you know if you never tried?”  Rebecca asked. “Your opinion seems set; so many times people make judgments based on beliefs passed down from one generation to the next.  You might be surprised what would happen if we talked to them.”
	“You can’t talk to goblins," Havaar said. “And those that have tried are all dead.  Llyr is right in his description of them.  Our help will save the lives of many Artans.”
	“At the cost of goblin lives," Rebecca stated. “I will not fight.”
	“Then heal," Havaar said. “This fight will be brutal and many Artans will be wounded.  Some will not make it back without immediate attention.  Do you think you can do that?”
	Rebecca nodded.
	“What am I supposed to do then?”  Llyr asked, frustrated. “Sit around while she heals the wounded.”
	“You will be able to help by moving the wounded and bandaging their injuries," Havaar told him.
	“That is a waste of my abilities," Llyr said. “I would be of far more use on the battle lines and you know it.”
	“The soul link prevents you from leaving Rebecca’s side.  You know that.”
	Llyr growled, wanting to bash something. “There has to be a way to modify the soul link, to make it so I can be further away from her before it pulls me back.”
	“I have heard of something that may help us but you must understand that all soul links are unique; there is a good chance that nothing will happen or that it will have the opposite effect; are you willing to take that chance?”
	“Yes.”
	“Rebecca, concentrate on the link.”
	Rebecca closed her eyes and her brow furrowed. “It feels…tight, stretched like a bungee cord.”
	“What’s a bungee cord?”  Llyr said.
	Havaar waved at him to be quiet. “Is there any way to give it slack, so that it’s not so tight?”
	“Ummm.” Rebecca turned her head a bit, her expression one of effort. “I think so…yes, it’s loosening a bit, let me relax it a little more," After a few seconds she opened her eyes. “That should give you a better range.  I don’t know how much.”
	“We have no time to find out," Havaar said. “Let’s get going.”
	Llyr felt the connection and knew that there was a difference.  It was still there but not as taut.  It felt good not to feel like he was being pulled along everywhere.
The square had almost emptied of Artans.  More were coming in from every street leading to it but not enough to maintain the crowd.  Havaar led them across the square and out the gate.  The line of Artans stretched from the gate to an exit in the cavern wall.  Soon they were out of the cavern and in winding tunnels, traveling to meet the goblin army.
































CHAPTER THIRTY-NINE


	“Stay here," Havaar told Rebecca and Natalie. “The battle lines are just ahead," shouting came from down the tunnels and the sound of fighting followed.  “You’ll be receiving wounded soon.  Llyr, let’s go.”
	They seemed almost excited to fight.  Rebecca thought as she watched Havaar and Llyr rush toward the fighting, Don’t they care that they are killing?
	“I wonder what goblins look like?”  Natalie asked.
	Rebecca turned to face her. “They’re short, green, and ugly.”
	“How do you know?”
	“I’ve met one before I met Pim.”
	“So they’re like the books describe," Natalie said. “At least something I’ve read is right." She looked around. “Should we see if we can help?”
	Rebecca surveyed the cave they were in; Artans hustled about, setting up piles of bandages, laying out basins of water, putting down bottles and leather cases next to long stone slabs that were shaped from the stone.
	“There is the Artan Havaar talked to in that hospital," Rebecca said. “Harre I think his name was.  Let’s talk to him.”
	They walked over to him.  He was directing the Artans that were coming into the cave from the city.
	“Excuse me," Rebecca said. “We would like to help; what do you need us to do?”
	Harre looked at them. “Ah, yes, Havaar’s apprentices.  The best thing you can do at the moment is rest; we’ll need you to heal the least hurt of the wounded as they come in.”
	“Okay; where do you want us to be?  We’ll rest there.”
	Harre looked around the cave for a moment, taking time to direct some Artans. “Tagor!”  An Artan who had just finished shaping a slab of stone responded to the call, walking over to them and bowed to Harre.
	“Tagor, these humans will be helping us by healing the least wounded," Harre explained. “Take them near the entrance at the far end and set up several slabs for soldiers to lie on while they are attended to.  Stay with them and translate for them.”
	Tagor bowed again. “If you will follow me." He led them across the cavern to a place next to the exit.  He began to chant, rubbing his hands along the bare rock.  Where his hands touched, the rock began to slowly rise, creating a slab long enough for an Artan to lie on.
	“I guess we wait until they bring in wounded," Natalie said, sitting down.
	“Have you ever wondered what it would be like to be in battle?”  Rebecca asked, sitting down next to Natalie.
	“Not really.”
	“I have," Rebecca said, looking at the cave that Llyr had gone down. “It must be a horrible experience.  I used to volunteer at a soup kitchen back home and so many of the homeless were veterans, looking so lost.  That’s when I decided that war was worse than anything and must be avoided.”
	An Artan at the entrance close to them yelled out, sending all the other Artans scurrying to the entrance.
	“There are wounded being brought in," Tagor told them. “I hope you’re ready.”
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
	Llyr and Havaar ran down the tunnel, following the sounds of the fighting.  They entered a cave and found the Artans fighting behind a hastily built wall a few yards from the entrance.  Goblins poured into the cave, their eyes glowing with bloodlust.
	“Llyr, stay by me," Havaar said, stopping and focusing, his large two-handed sword held in front of him.
	Where did he get that sword?  Llyr thought, searching Havaar for a scabbard, I know he didn’t bring it with him from his cave.
	Suddenly, waves of fire shot out from the wall the Artans were fighting on, consuming the goblins.  Their screams of rage turned to screams of agony as smoke and the smell of burnt flesh filled the cave.  Then the fire hit an unseen wall and went out.
	A surprised look came onto Havaar’s face. “They have quite a few witch doctors with them.  Llyr, come with me.”
	Havaar rushed over to where the Artan commanders were talking to each other and started to talk to them.
	The goblins have pulled back.  I wonder how long it will be until they attack again.
	“Llyr,” Havaar said, drawing his attention. “I’m assigning you a squad of Artans.  The commanders said the witch doctors haven’t taken part in the battle yet but they will now that I’m here.  Once we spot one, you are to take it out.”
	“You want me to charge into the goblin army and kill the witch doctors?”  Llyr asked. “I’ll be killed.”
	“If we don’t kill those witch doctors, they’ll counter everything I do," Havaar explained. “You don’t have to kill them all, just enough so they can’t counter me.”
	“If I charge right into the goblin line, they’ll only collapse on me and slaughter my squad.  There has to be a better way.”
	“What would you suggest?”
	“Goblin witch doctors always stay at the back of a battle.  They don’t like risking themselves.  They must be in a chamber or tunnel nearby.  If I could take a squad and hit them from behind, we’ll have a better chance of succeeding and not getting killed.  Is there a way to get around this chamber?”
	Havaar asked the commanders. “Not that’s close by, but they might be able to cut a passage to a tunnel that runs along here.”
	The Artans at the wall called out as the goblins began to attack again.
	“That’s a better option.  Tell them to hurry.”
	Artans continued to rush into the cave, joining their brethren at the wall.  The goblins attacked the wall with abandon, being cut down only to be replaced by more of their kind.  A hole opened in the defensive line and Llyr rushed forward, intercepting the goblins clambering over the wall.
	Llyr’s first swing took off the head of the first goblin he came to.  He swung down, knocking aside a spear thrusting for his stomach and brought his blade up, slicing through the front of the monster’s face.
	He twisted about, his sword swinging along the wall, easily cutting through hands, arms, and heads.  He stood his ground, killing any goblin that tried to climb over the wall, filling the hole in the line.  Soon, more Artans were about him, tightening the line.  One grabbed him, pulling him back and pointing to where Havaar was standing.
	Llyr nodded and rushed back to Havaar.
	“Clean off your sword," Havaar said, handing him a cloth. “The Artans are impressed with you.  It would have been bad if the goblins had broken through.”
	“We’re here to help," Llyr responded.
	“They don’t doubt that now," Havaar said. “Your squad is ready; they are waiting for you in the tunnel.”
	“They’ve already cut through?”  Llyr said, shocked. “I thought it would take longer.”
	“Artans have a special bond with the earth.  It does things for them," Havaar led him to where the hole was. “Find the witch doctors and kill them quickly; then get out of there.”
	“Wait.  How am I supposed to communicate with the Artans?”
	“What are you using to translate your language?”
	Llyr was little caught off guard by the question. “Umm, I don’t know what you mean.”
	Havaar chuckled. “I’m not stupid, Llyr.  You speak Aldri, which I understand but the humans don’t.  They, however, have no trouble understanding you and you understand what they say.  You obviously have something translating for you.  What is it?”
	Llyr hesitated but pulled out his medallion, knowing the dragon had him. “It was given to me before I came to this world to aid me in my task.”
	“A communication medallion,” Havaar said, holding it up. “Excellent workmanship," he stared at it for a moment, then nodded. “Now you will be able to communicate with the Artans.”
	Llyr slipped the medallion back underneath his shirt. “How did you do that?  You didn’t say anything.”
	“Just because I don’t use magic the same way as your people doesn’t mean I can’t interact with the magical devices made by them.”
	Llyr slipped through the small passage and into another tunnel.  About a hundred Artans were in the tunnel, weighed down with only weapons.
	I’ve never led troops; what am I going to do?  “You’ve all been told our mission.  We need to get behind the enemy lines and kill the goblin witch doctors.  Who knows these tunnels the best?”
	“I do," an Artan in the front said.
	“Lead the way.”
	The Artan led the way down the twisting tunnel at a steady pace, not pausing once.  Llyr didn’t notice the wonders of this subterranean world, his mind was so caught up in their task.
	Once we find these witch doctors, how are we going to kill them and get out of there alive?  If we can even get to them; goblin leaders like to have lots of protection around them.  Llyr felt a pulse along the soul link and groaned, This is the worst time for that to start.
	The Artan leading the way slowed down, listening.  Llyr focused and moved past the Artan, sneaking up to an opening in the side of the tunnel.  As he got closer, he could hear voices talking.  He peeked around the edge of the opening into a small cave.
	Inside were a large number of goblins, most of them armed with large, double-bladed axes, skulls centered in between the blades.  They stood in a circle around a small number of goblins wearing robes and skull masks, each carrying a staff that appeared to be made out of bone.
	Witch doctors, Llyr thought.
	The witch doctors were looking into a mirror, which showed the image of another witch doctor.
	“We are almost to the city," the witch doctor in the mirror said.
	“Good,” a witch doctor in the cave responded. “We have the Artan army fighting.  Soon we will pull back, drawing the Artans further away from their city.  By the time they know that you have attacked, it will be too late." All the witch doctors began to cackle.
	Llyr snuck back to where the Artans were waiting. “How fast can you get back to Havaar and your commanders?” He whispered to the Artan who had led them.
	“Fast; why?”  the Artan asked.
	“Because the goblin force we are fighting is a diversion, meant to distract your army while another goblin army attacks your city from a different direction," Llyr explained. “I just overheard the witch doctors talking; run as fast as you can back to the army and warn them.”
	The Artan ran back the way they had come as Llyr turned to the other Artans. “The witch doctors are in that cave surrounded by an elite guard.  Do you have any type of range weapon?”  All of the Artans held up their hands and formed a small boulder.
	“ As soon as we enter the room, use your throwing weapon; make sure you throw it at a target.  I don’t want you to just to throw it to make them duck.  I didn’t get a count of how many goblins are in that cave but we’re most likely outnumbered; make every strike count.  Any questions?”
	“The witch doctors will have magical protections on them," an Artan asked. “How will we deal with that?”
	“I’ll take care of the witch doctors," Llyr said, stroking the hilt of his sword. “You just keep those guards away from me.”
	Llyr crept up to the cave entrance, a dagger in each hand, the Artans spread out behind him.  Llyr peeked around the corner; the guards had not moved, though the mirror was dark and the witch doctors were engaged in a lively discussion.  
	Llyr raised his hand, signaling the Artans to hold.  The witch doctors were arguing vehemently, the group split into two sides.  One swung out his staff, tripping another.  The one standing thrust his staff into the belly of the other and it began to scream and squirm on the floor.  Its whole body began to glow red until fire burst out of its mouth and eyes.
	Llyr tore his eyes from the scene and waved the Artans forward, stepping out and throwing his daggers, drawing the three others from their sheaths in rapid succession.    Daggers each went through the eye of a goblin guard, causing them to collapse.  Many other guards fell as the stones of the Artans flew into the cave.
	Llyr rushed forward, drawing his sword in his right hand and a dagger in his left.  The clatter of Artan feet echoed through the cavern as the Artans rushed behind him to join the fray.  
	The goblin in front of him gripped his axe and brought it up to his shoulder.  Llyr’s dagger hit him in the throat before he could swing.  He ran past it, concentrating on the witch doctors, who were all in the midst of casting spells.
He brought his sword up and across, feeling a slight resistance as the blade hit and passed through the witch doctor’s magic defenses, the swing sent its head flying.  He jumped to the left, a lightning bolt flashing through the spot where he was standing.  He ran into the middle of the witch doctors, who were now concentrating on him, swinging his sword as fast as he could.
He twisted and turned, maiming as many as he killed, trying to make himself more difficult to hit.  He stopped when his sword was intercepted by the staff of one of the witch doctors.
The rest of the witch doctors were either dead or dying.  Llyr stared for a moment into the hated filled red eyes of this one.  Its tattooed face was twisted in rage as it pushed its staff at him.  Llyr pushed the staff away and charged, thrusting his sword at it.
It blocked his attacks and spun, hitting his legs and thumping him on the back.  Llyr tumbled, tucking himself into a roll and coming up on his feet, spinning to face the goblin.
It smiled evilly and with two quick movements, the robe it wore fell to the floor, leaving it in only a loincloth.  It reached up to the top of its bone staff and pulled down, the skeletal hands sliding down a foot to reveal a black, metal blade inscribed with red lettering.
Llyr moved toward it cautiously, realizing this witch doctor had skill with this weapon.  It rushed him, the blade staff spinning in its hands.  It made a series of quick jabs, each one coming faster.  Llyr moved backward, his blade intercepting each jab.  Each time the two blades met, they sparked, magics of the blades working against each other.
On the fourth jab, Llyr turned to the side, allowing the jab to go past him.  He swung down hard at the staff, forcing the witch doctor to lean forward to keep a hold on its weapon.  He swung his sword at the witch doctor’s head; the witch doctor fell right to the floor, Llyr’s swing going over his head.  Llyr jumped as the witch doctor swept his staff across the floor under his feet.
The witch doctor twisted, swinging its feet about and hit Llyr’s legs as his feet hit the floor.  Llyr’s feet flew into the air and he crashed onto the floor, the air blasting out of his lungs and lost his grip on his sword.  He rolled to the right as the blade end of the witch doctor’s staff descended.  He continued to roll, grabbing his sword and leaping to his feet, bringing his weapon up in time to block an incoming attack.
The jabs from the witch doctor this time were shorter, faster, and more controlled, leaving little room for Llyr to counter.  Knowing he had to break the goblins momentum, Llyr stepped forward into the jab, holding his sword with only his left hand, managing to deflect the blow enough so it only grazed his armor.  He punched the witch doctor in the face and then grabbed its head, pulling it forward into his sword.  
It spit in his face before sliding onto the ground.  The sounds of the dying were all Llyr heard as he turned away from the witch doctor.  Bodies of both Artans and goblins littered the cave.  The goblins had all been killed or retreated out of the chamber.  
He rushed to a wounded Artan who was struggling to get up and helped him.  Another Artan rushed up to him.  “What’s the situation?”  Llyr asked.
 “Goblin reinforcements are coming in from the main cave; they’ll be disappointed to see that all their witch doctors are dead.”
Llyr looked back at where they entered the cave. “We have to get out of here.  Everyone back to the way we came.”

























CHAPTER FORTY


Rebecca slumped to the floor next to one of the slabs of stone; the Artan who had been on it swung his legs over the side, put his hand on her shoulder, saying thank you.  She had been told that so much in the last hour that she didn’t need Tagor to translate anymore.
“There are no more wounded right now," Natalie said, sliding down onto the floor beside her. “You realize you’re sitting in a pool of whatever it is they bleed.”
Rebecca looked down in between her legs at the ooze on the ground.  At first, they had sent the simple wounds over to her but the injuries had grown steadily worse.  Their ooze had seeped down the slabs onto the floor, forming into small pools.  At first, she had been revolted at having to step in it and touch it.  The worst was when she had to heal an Artan who had lost an arm or leg; she didn’t think they would ever have the use of those limbs again.
She lifted her arms, now stained a greenish color. “Do you really think it matters to me anymore if I’m sitting in their blood?”
Natalie shrugged.
“I’m so tired," Rebecca said, leaning her head against the wall. “I hope this break lasts a little longer.”
Natalie leaned over, looking at the opening that led to the fighting. “I wonder if the fighting is over. This is the first break we’ve had since they started to bring in the wounded.”
“I hope so," Rebecca said. “I don’t know how much longer I can keep this up.”
An Artan came running into the cave, pausing only for a moment until he spotted the commander of the guards that were left to protect them in case some goblins broke through the lines.
The commander started shouting orders and the guards dashed out of the cave toward the city.
“What’s going on, Tagor?”  Natalie said to the Artan.
“I’m not sure," Tagor said, walking over to the Artan who had rushed into the cave and was now talking to Harre.  Harre started shouting orders, sending all the Artans bustling to gather up equipment.  He grabbed Tagor, giving him orders.
“Rebecca, I think you’d better get up," Natalie said, standing as Tagor rushed back to them.
“What?”  Rebecca said, her eyes popping open. “What’s happening?”
“We have to leave," Tagor said, grabbing Rebecca and pulling her to her feet.
“Hey!”  Rebecca said, grabbing onto Natalie to keep from falling.
“We have to hurry," Tagor said. “Another goblin force is going to attack the city if it hasn’t already.  There is only a token defense force there and there will be many wounded.  You will be able to help sooner than anyone else.”
Tagor grabbed them both by the hand, pulling them along.
“Wait!”  Rebecca said.
“No time to wait," Tagor said. “We have to run.  Follow me.”
Rebecca gave Natalie a startled look and she just shrugged, running along.  Behind them, they heard the jingling of metal.  Rebecca glanced behind her.  The Artans were running, their weapons making the racket, their faces full of concern and determination.
The tunnels were a blur as they rushed along, hurrying to save the city of the Artans.  Soon they entered the massive cavern that housed the city and sounds of fighting could be heard echoing throughout the cave.
Tagor stopped as they entered the city through the eastern gate. “Let the troops go by.  We need to find out where the wounded are being kept.”
Rebecca bent over her hands on her knees. “I’m so glad Havaar has had us running.  I don’t think I could have done that otherwise.  I haven’t run that hard for a while.”
Natalie nodded in agreement. “I’m beginning to enjoy running a little.”
“The goblins are in the city," Tagor said. “There’s no central place where the wounded are being kept.  The goblins are rushing about, killing anything that moves.  It’s complete chaos out there; this gate is the only position that is secure.  That will change, now that more of the army is here.”
“So how are we supposed to help the wounded?”  Rebecca said.
“There are some here," Tagor told her. “I’ll tell the troops to spread the word to bring the wounded here.”
“You said that the goblins were killing everything," Natalie said. “The children as well.”
“Yes.”
“Oh no," Rebecca said. “Don’t they know to come here.”
“Probably but if they don’t have weapons, all they can do is hide.  As our troops start clearing out the city, more will come out of hiding.”
Rebecca’s face grew mournful. “How many will die?”
Tagor shook his head. “I don’t know; let’s help those we can.  Follow me," they followed him across the plaza toward a group of buildings that were filled with Artans.  As they passed the entrance to a street, Rebecca looked through the entrance.
A few yards down the street, the Artans had set up a barrier of some sort.  The Artans behind it were yelling and waving their arms as if telling someone to come to them.
“What’s happening?”  Rebecca said, going toward the barrier.
“Don’t worry about it,” Tagor said. “The soldiers will take care of it.”
“I want to see," Rebecca said.  She jogged down the street until she could see around the barrier and her breath caught.
A couple of  Artans, each carrying a child in each arm and with several running alongside them, were making a run for the safety of the barrier.  Behind them, a group of goblins, their eyes alight with murderous glee, pursued them.  One of the goblins raised a bow and shot an arrow.  The arrow flew straight for one of the Artan children.
Rebecca brought her arm up, flicking the arrow away.  Then, one of the children tripped, pulling down the children next to it.  One of the Artans stopped, going back to the children, trying to help them up.
The goblins shouted with delight as they closed on the fallen children, their weapons lifted high.  Rebecca reacted without thinking, reacted as she had been trained to react through months of combat exercises.  The goblins were enveloped with fire, their screams silenced as the fire consumed them.
Artans sat staring at the ashes of their attackers for a long moment before getting up and running to the barrier.  All the Artans were looking at Rebecca now.
What have I done?  Rebecca thought, terror running through her.  She flinched as the Artans began to cheer.  The Artan children she had saved ran up to her, hugging her.
Rebecca said nothing, could not hear the thanks Tagor said they were giving.  She only nodded and stumbled into a nearby building and sat on a table.
She began to cry, What have I done?
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Llyr and the remaining Artans in his squad ran through the tunnels.  As they ran down the passageway, Llyr began to hear the sounds of fighting ahead of him.
We must be getting close.  I wonder how many Artans were left behind to hold back the goblins at this end.  The sounds of fighting started to fade and Llyr stopped, listening, Did I miss the tunnel?  I didn’t see any side tunnels or the small passage the Artans made to this tunnel.  
The sound of screams began to get louder, coming from ahead of him.  He jogged forward, making sure he didn’t miss any openings that might be hidden from sight.  The screams intensified and he saw a small opening in the tunnel wall.
He ran up to it and sighed, I knew I didn’t miss it.  He motioned the Artans to go ahead of him.  He entered the tunnel after the last Artan and bumped into the last one who entered.  “Why have you stopped?”  Llyr asked. 
“Cave-in," the Artan said and then it started to melt into the floor.  Every Artan ahead of Llyr was doing the same thing and he heard loud cracking sounds from the chamber ahead.  Large pieces of rock began to fall, blocking the passageway exit.  
Llyr turned and rushed back the way he had come when everything around him started to shake.  He braced his hands against the sides of the small tunnel, stabilizing himself.  As he reached the opening of the passageway, a blast of air hit his back, pushing him out of the tunnel and onto his face.  He raised his head, unable to see.  The air around him felt grimy and his face was covered in dirt.
The cave must have collapsed.  The dust must be covering up my light.  I wonder who got crushed in there.  Llyr felt around on the ground, looking for the ball that held the liquid he was using for light.  After a minute of searching, he felt for magic.
There’s a lot of residue coming from where the cave was.  I wonder if Havaar caused the collapse.  Llyr ignored the magical residue coming from the area of the collapse and searched for any magic around him.  There, something small.
He kept his eyes closed feeling with his hands because he couldn’t see anyway, following the trace of magic.  Finally, he felt the ball and let out a sigh of relief.  He opened his eyes and could see about half a foot around him.  He moved away from the dust and was able to see more.  
How am I going to get back to the Artan city?  He had no knowledge of the tunnels and passageways.
There was pulse along the soul link, reminding him it was there.  The soul link!  If I use that as a guide, I’ll know whether I’m getting closer to the city or not.  Well, at least I’ll be getting closer to Rebecca but that’s where I need to be anyway.
Llyr set off, following the soul link.

































CHAPTER FORTY-ONE


Rebecca didn’t know how long she cried.  She fended off Natalie’s attempts to comfort her.  The images of the goblins bursting into flames and falling to the ground flashed through her head over and over again.
The hardest thing to accept was that she had done it without thinking; it had felt almost natural.  In the cave back in Utah, she had had no control of the magic, the deaths of the Aldri an accident.  She had killed those goblins knowing exactly what she was doing.  Her world had been turned upside down since her abilities had emerged.  She hated magic and what it had turned her into.
“Rebecca, get up," she heard.
She looked up to see Havaar standing in the doorway.  She stood up, her terror turning to anger. “It’s your fault!  You and your training; this wouldn’t have happened if you hadn’t insisted on making me blow up and burn things day after day!”
“You mean to tell me that you’ve been sitting in here crying because you saved lives," Havaar said quietly.
Rebecca stared at him. “I killed a group of living beings.”
“You saved a group of Artan children.”
“By killing.”
Havaar shook his head. “Either the goblins or the Artans were going to die; it’s better that the goblins are dead.”
“I didn’t have to kill them," Rebecca said. “I could have put a wall of air between them.  But because I didn’t have any time to think, I reacted the way I would have in the training room.”
“What would you have done with the goblins after the fact?  Let them go?”
“I don’t know.”
“They would just find someone else to kill.  That’s what goblins do.”
“I could have left them there, wrapped in air.”
“You would have had to stand there, maintaining the spell.  You don’t know how to make a spell maintain itself.”
“I would have found a way.”
“Rebecca, what you did saved lives.  To merely stop the goblins was not enough; they would have only found someone else to kill.  The goblins would have been eventually killed by the Artans.  By doing what you did, you ensured that those goblins killed no one else.”
“I should have found a way," Rebecca insisted.
“Enough of this," Havaar said. “What happened, happened.  We can’t change it.  By sitting here and mulling over it, punishing yourself for doing what was necessary, you are not saving those Artans who need your healing.  Stop feeling sorry for yourself and get up and save those you can.”
Rebecca stood up, glaring into Havaar’s eyes. “Yes, Master." She walked from the building, determined to change things after this was over.
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Llyr wandered through the caves and tunnels for hours, gradually getting closer to Rebecca.  More often than not, he would have to turn around, coming to a dead end or chasm he couldn’t cross.  He was tired and hungry but could not stop moving, fearing that he would be forever lost if he stopped to rest.
He already feared he was lost beyond being found.  As his hunger increased and he grew more tired, his mind began to play tricks on him.  At times he thought he heard the sound of voices ahead or behind him.  He would follow the sounds only to find no one around.  He thought he saw light in other tunnels but again would find nothing.
If this keeps up, I’m going to have to stop.  He thought as he wandered, I won’t be able to keep going.
He heard voices faintly from the direction he was going but ignored them.  He had had enough false hopes for one day.  He kept moving, blindly following the link.  The voices grew louder and a light appeared ahead, which he continued to ignore.    He was about to enter the cave where the light was when he heard a loud snore off to his right.
Llyr stopped, looking to the source of the sound.  A goblin sat leaning against the wall, its spear on the floor and a flask held loosely in its lap.  Being very quiet, Llyr moved in closer to the goblin to smell it.  It smelled like an open waste pit but there was the odor of alcohol about it.
Dead drunk.  Llyr began to take out his dagger but stopped, looking back at the cave.  He won’t be awake for a while; I’ll take care of him later if I have to.
Llyr silently removed all the goblins weapons and placed them out of sight.  He then crept along the tunnel wall to the cave entrance, peering in.  It was less of a cave and more of a large tunnel.  There was a group of goblins sitting in the main path area around a fire, drinking, and carousing, a few of them already succumbed to the drink.  The cave was lined with stalagmites, creating a maze except for a path through the middle of the cave, which appeared to have been cut, judging from how the stalactites that hung over it stopped with flat ends instead of points.  Llyr concealed his glowing ball and moved closer to the goblins, trying to understand what they were saying.
“I can’t wait until the Artans are gone," the largest goblin said, taking a long drink from its flask. “We will live with their wealth and rule this area," all the goblins who were still coherent cheered, taking long drinks.
“I hope we get some Artans running this way," another goblin said. “A bit of action would be nice.”
“Ha, you wouldn’t be able to lift your sword if they did," a goblin sitting next to him said.
“Yes I could," the goblin stood up, swaying a bit before getting its balance.  It put its hand on its hip, grabbing air and making a motion as if it were drawing a sword.  “HA!  Huh?”  It looked at its empty hand stupidly and then began looking around on the ground.  It spotted its sword lying by the fire and bent over to pick it up.
The other goblin raised its leg and kicked the bent over goblin in the butt, causing it to fall face first into the fire.  It screamed and rolled out, holding its face in its hands.  All the other goblins roared with laughter.
After a minute of rolling around, the burnt goblin got into a crouch, rage on its face and a dagger in its hand.  It jumped on the goblin that kicked it, slashing with the dagger.  A fight ensued between the two and soon the dagger was dropped, forgotten in their drunken rage.  The other goblins laughed harder, enjoying the entertainment their comrades were providing.
These goblins seem to be part of the groups that are attacking the Artan city.  Llyr thought as he watched the spectacle, Maybe one of them could show me the way to the city.  Llyr did a quick count and there were twenty goblins around the fire, at least six of them unconscious.  The guard he had passed was asleep but he didn’t know how many other guards were about.  He drew out a dagger in each hand, moving among the stalagmites searching for an optimum firing position.
The fight was over, the burnt goblin staggering away from the other goblin, blood dripping from its mouth and hands.  It picked up its dagger, putting it away without cleaning it, and sat down, taking a long drink from the dead goblin’s flask.
“You said you wanted action," the large goblin said, coming over to slap the victor on the back. “You got action," he laughed again, all the others joining in.  He suddenly stopped laughing, a dagger in his brow, above the eyes.  He fell backward, into the fire.  The other goblins were so drunk, they just laughed harder.
Llyr shook his head as he lined up his next throw, This is going to be too easy.
He threw his next dagger then his next before the first hit its target.  They might laugh off one dagger but when they realized they were under attack, the goblins began to move.  They ran into each other, falling down, as they tried to find their weapons.  Because their movements were so erratic, it was more difficult for Llyr to hit them.  Llyr moved into the camp once all the goblins who were still conscious were dead.
 The area was beginning to stink as the fire seared the flesh of the first goblin he had killed.  Llyr grabbed it by the legs and rolled it out of the fire, almost gagging at the stench.  The scrambling of the goblins he had been killing had not awakened those that were asleep. 
I only need one.  Llyr took out a dagger, kneeling next to one of the sleeping goblins.  He put the knife up to its throat but did not move it as he thought of Rebecca.  She says all life is valuable, even this scum.  I’ve always been taught that Aldri are above all, that we may kill with no recourse, for all life is meant to serve us.  What if she’s right?
He looked down at the goblin, its features calmed by sleep.  I never had this problem before; I’d be done with this by now.  What would Rebecca think of me if she found out I killed six, unconscious goblins?
Llyr replaced his dagger in its sheath, amazed at how much he cared what this human he was soul linked to thought about him.  He dug through the goblins packs and found a long rope.  He used it to tie up each of the unconscious goblins, even retrieving the goblin guard he had passed in the tunnel leading to the cave.
He found some meat that didn’t look rotten among the goblin supplies and started to cook it over the remains of the fire.  All he could do was wait until one of the goblins woke up.
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
“Can I die?”  Rebecca said to Natalie. “Then I wouldn’t have to worry about anything anymore.  I would be able to rest.”
“Sorry," Natalie said. “I think if you did, Havaar  would bring you back to life and give you a good scolding.”
Rebecca groaned. “You’re probably right.  He most likely won’t let us die until he’s done with us.  Are there any more that need healing?”
“Not by you," Havaar said, walking up to where they were sitting. “You could kill yourself if you did much more.  I would have stopped you before now if I hadn’t been so busy.  Rest now; I’ll retrieve you when we leave.”
Rebecca sighed, glad to be able to relax.  She closed her eyes as an Artan came up to Havaar, telling him something in that strange language of theirs.
“Have either of you seen Llyr?”  Havaar asked.
Rebecca looked up at him, a little confused. “Wasn’t he with you?”
“I sent him on a task.  I haven’t seen him since before we came back to the city.”
Rebecca felt the soul link. “He’s still alive.”
“Where?”
“Somewhere in that direction." Rebecca pointed.
Havaar said something to the Artan.  The Artan nodded and ran out of the building. “Most of the goblins have been killed or pushed out of the city.  I’m going to get us an escort; if he doesn’t show up soon, we’ll go looking for him.  Go to sleep, Rebecca; I’ll wake you if and when we need to leave.”























CHAPTER FORTY-TWO


Llyr ate the meat he had found, not even trying to guess what kind of meat it was since goblins were not very picky about what they ate.  A couple of the goblins he had tied up were beginning to show signs of life, moaning and moving a bit.  Once he was done with his meal, he was going to wake one of them.
The medallion against his chest went cold, startlingly him a little.  He was tempted not to answer it; it had been months since his superiors had contacted him.  He sighed, put down his meat, and pulled out the medallion, activating it.
“What have you been doing?”  Llyr said before his brother could say anything. “It’s been months since you last contacted me.”
Daire’s face became stern. “What I do is none of your concern, Hunter, and we contact you when we choose to; it should not matter to you how long it’s been between communications.  Your only worry is completing your assignment.”
“And what exactly is my assignment, Wizard?”  Llyr shot back, not intimidated by his brother. “To kill the girl?  I can’t do that.  You’ve left me here on this world with almost no orders except ‘spy and stay put.’  A spy is supposed to be able to report.”
“That’s why I’m contacting you," Daire told him. “I think your time away has had an ill effect on you, brother.  You were always too independent, asking ‘why?’ and ‘how come?’   I thought you had that under control but has the time spent consorting with humans and a dragon caused those undesirable attributes to resurface?  If it has, you need to get them under control or there will be problems when you come home.”
“Am I coming home?”  Llyr asked.
“Of course," Daire answered. “Do not let impatience cloud your vision.  What you are doing is important; never forget that.  Now, do you have any information that will help us against this dragon?”
“He’s using the name Havaar.  It’s not his real name.  From what I’ve been able to gather, he’s been on this world for quite a long time.  He claims that he was alive during the Separation Wars.”
“Do you believe him?”
“Yes.”
Daire’s face became troubled. “This makes things more difficult.  Dragons from that time are very powerful.  The Overwizard will be most displeased as this will disrupt his plans further.”
“Further?  I thought everything had changed because of the dragon.”
“Many things but not all.  We were still sending Hunters to kill humans but several weeks after our last conversation, the Hunters began to be intercepted and killed by the various magical races on that world.  You wouldn’t know why would you?”
“No, I’ve been stuck underground since we last talked.”
“The Overwizard has stopped sending Hunters to kill humans.  Too many hunters are dying.  Have you found out anything that can help us?”
Llyr shook his head. “No, I haven’t.”
“You must try harder, Llyr," Daire told him. “This world was supposed to be an easy conquest.  It has become clear that will not be the case but it keeps getting more complicated.  What about the girl?  How is her training progressing?”
“Alarmingly fast; I would say that in the last few months she had reached the level of most second-year apprentices.  She will be much more difficult to kill.”
“We have you to ensure that she will be an easy kill.”
Llyr shook his head. “You’re forgetting that I can’t kill her.”
“But you will be able to distract her when the time comes," Daire pointed out. “Is there anything else you wish to add?”
“No.”
“I need to get this information to Overwizard Aedan; changes will be made to the plan.  I will not be in contact with you for a while, most likely a long while.  The Archwizard still wants your head, which makes it difficult to contact you without being observed.  Remember who you are and how an Aldri should act.  Do not get too close to the humans; they are only going to die.  Farewell.”
“Farewell," Llyr said, watching the image disappear.  He picked up the piece of meat he had been eating and took a bite.  Remember how an Aldri should act?  What if all we’ve been taught was to keep us in the dark, to make us more easily controlled?  The heretical thoughts did not disturb him as they once did.
One of the goblins stirred, making an effort to wake up.  Llyr finished off the meat and took out his dagger; it was time to persuade this goblin to be his guide.
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Rebecca woke with a start as Havaar shook her shoulder. “Get up; we’re going to search for Llyr.”
Rebecca shook her head and stood up. “Why are you so intent on finding Llyr?  I didn’t think you liked him that much?”
“I don’t," Havaar said as they walked out of the building. “Though he does show promise for an Aldri.”
“I thought he was a…a…a heretic," Rebecca said.
“Right," Havaar said. “The main reason I wish to find him is for you.”
“For me?”  Rebecca said. “Why would it be important to me that he’s found?”
Havaar gave her a look that made her blush. “Because if he dies, you will die.”
Rebecca stopped, staring at Havaar’s back. “What?”
Havaar turned around, looking at her. “The soul link does strange things to people, especially when it’s broken.  There is a slight possibility that if he dies, you would only be made weak or very sick.  Most of the time, however, when one person in the link dies, they both do.”
“You sent him into battle, knowing this?”  Rebecca said.
“Llyr is an excellent warrior, more than a match for any goblin.  While there was a danger, I knew he would come back alive.”
“Then why is he out there, wandering?”
“That’s what we are going to find out," Havaar turned and resumed walking.
Rebecca ran to catch up to him, her mind running. If he dies, I die; or if I die, he dies.  Why would anybody want to link souls?  There must be a way to sever the link without killing one of us.  There has to be.
They entered the square adjacent to the southern gate.  About a hundred armed Artans were already in the square, checking their equipment.
“Are all these Artans coming with us?”  Rebecca asked.
Havaar nodded, stopping and talking to one of the Artans.  Rebecca stood there, feeling awkward because of her inability to understand the Artan’s language.  You never knew what was being said about you.
“Rebecca, can you give me more detail about what you are feeling through the soul link?”  Havaar said.
“What do you mean, more detail?”  Rebecca replied.
“You’ve told me the direction Llyr is at but are you able to tell if he is higher or lower than us?”
Rebecca closed her eyes, feeling the magical strands of the link.  “Hmm, it seems to be angled slightly down.”
Havaar spoke to the Artan again.  The Artan nodded and began to shout to the other Artans in the square.
“We’re going; the Artans will lead us through the lower tunnel system," Havaar told her. “Pay attention to the link and let me know about any changes in the direction.”
“I will," Rebecca said, looking around. “Where’s Natalie?”
“Natalie’s abilities are not required; she will stay and help the Artans with the wounded.”
	They followed the Artans out of the city and into a tunnel that led them deeper into the earth.  The column moved at a steady jog.  A few minutes after they left the city, Rebecca stopped, concentrating on the link.
	Havaar signaled the column to stop.  As the column slowed, a small number of Artans ran into adjoining tunnels.
	“What is it?”  Havaar said to Rebecca.
	“He’s started to move," Rebecca said. “He’s getting closer.”
	“Good; is he still in the same general direction?”
	“Yes.”
	“Then let’s not waste time standing here," Havaar nodded to the head Artan and he pulled out a whistle.  When he blew into it, Rebecca heard nothing but within a couple of minutes, all the Artans who had broken away from the column had returned.  They picked up the pace, running through the tunnels.













CHAPTER FORTY-THREE


	 The goblin walked in front of Llyr, a rope tied around its waist and hands, Llyr holding the end.  They had left the other goblins tied up where Llyr had killed those who had not drunk themselves into a stupor.  This goblin led Llyr toward the Artan city, with an assurance that, should they happen to mistakenly come upon a goblin camp, it would be the first to die.  He also told it that when they reached the city, he would let it go before the Artans saw it.
	The goblin led him, not knowing that he had a way of knowing that they were going in the right direction.  The soul link told him that he was getting closer to Rebecca; the link also told him that she was getting closer to him, indicating that she was looking for him.  That most likely meant that Havaar was with her, along with a few Artans.  Llyr looked at the ground of the cave as he was walking and stopping, pulling on the rope to halt the goblin.
	He crouched down, looking at the scratches on the floor.  They were unlike anything he had ever seen in his life.  There was a definite pattern and little holes all along the side of the scratches, almost as if something was dragging along the floor while driving points into the floor.
	The rope he was holding suddenly jerked, almost pulling Llyr over.  He stood up, ready to teach the goblin a lesson.  The words died in his mouth as he looked into the eyes of a monster.
It had glowing red eyes, on stalks that moved in and out of a head that was as big as Llyr.  Its wide mouth was lined with sharp teeth, which were busy noisily eating his goblin guide.  All along its head and down its body, a boney exoskeleton protected its soft, worm-like body.  Hundreds of small legs stuck out of the exoskeleton.
Llyr dropped the rope, running to the side of the tunnel, drawing his sword.  The worm shot after him, its maw wide open.  Llyr ran up a stalagmite, diving around to the opposite side.  The worm snapped its mouth shut, taking a chunk of rock out of the stalagmite. 
Llyr rolled onto his feet, facing the horror. It crawled around the rock formation, its exoskeleton making a horrible noise as it was dragged across the stone.  Llyr was amazed as the creature chewed up the rock, swallowing it.  It stopped, raising its body off the floor slightly.  Llyr dove to the side, following his instincts.  A stream of acid shot out of the worm’s face, dissolving the rock where Llyr had been standing.
Llyr rushed forward as he came out of his roll, not wanting to give the creature time to recover.  He hacked and slashed with his sword.  The creature swung its head about, trying to knock him over.  Llyr ran to the side and up the tunnel wall, using the height to jump onto the creature.  It followed him, its eyes extended.  Llyr swiped with his sword and severed one of the eye stalks.
It let out a piercing shriek as its eye fell to the floor.  It began to thrash back and forth, throwing Llyr to the floor behind it.  Llyr was up in an instant, slashing away at the back of the monster.  The exoskeleton was tough, deflecting all his blows.  Llyr then swung at the tiny legs, cutting off several.
It shrieked again, throwing its body about.  Llyr danced around, doing his best to stay behind it while trying to attack the legs.  As he worked to do some damage, he noticed a space between the plates of the exoskeleton.  He thrust his sword in, hitting the inner flesh.  The worm bucked, tossing Llyr into the wall.
Llyr hit the wall, the air blasting out of his lungs, his sword still in the worm’s back end.  He rolled away just before a stream of acid hit the spot where he had been.  Some of the acid splashed on to his chain mail, which began to dissolve.  
How am I going to fight this thing now?  Llyr thought as the creature rushed at him.
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
They hurried through the tunnels toward Llyr, stopping only to make sure they were headed in the right direction.  Rebecca could feel them getting closer, so close that she could almost feel him.
She stopped again, causing the column to halt. “There’s a change.  It feels like he’s…anxious…and scared.”
“Where?”  Havaar said, his face becoming intent.
“Just ahead," Rebecca said, pointing.
Then a terrible noise echoed through the tunnels.  Rebecca covered her ears to try and block out the piercing sound.
The Artans began to run, Havaar’s long legs outdistancing them.
“Wait!  What was that?”  Rebecca ran after them, her ears ringing.
The sound came again, Rebecca stopped, holding her hands over her ears.  She grunted as she felt her chest tighten and a pain that felt like she had just been hit.  What was that?
She heard yelling ahead of her and ran as fast as she could.  She slid to a stop, her eyes going wide at the spectacle before her.
The Artans were fighting…something.  It turned and shrieked, its huge mouth grabbing an Artan and flinging him.  The Artans were on top of it, holding on as it thrashed, bashing at its exoskeleton.  Havaar stepped up with a huge two-handed axe, the blade glowing so brightly that it hurt Rebecca’s eyes, and hit it, just below the head.
There was a loud crunch as the axe broke through the bone into the flesh and through the bone again, cutting off the creatures head.  The body of the beast began to wildly wiggle and buck, throwing all the Artans on it around the chamber.
Havaar let out a huge breath and took a cloth out of his pocket, wiping the green blood off his axe.  He dropped the cloth when he was done, the cloth falling to pieces before it hit the ground.
“Don’t walk in the blood," Havaar warned Rebecca as she walked over to him. “It will eat right through your shoes.”
Rebecca carefully walked around the spots of blood that were creating holes in the rock. “What was that thing?”
“An Acid worm," Havaar told her. “Nasty things; difficult to kill.  The bone is very useful though," he looked around at the Artans, who were tending to their wounded. “We need to help with the wounded.”
Rebecca nodded, turning to go to the nearest wounded Artan.  She stopped, realizing what she was feeling from the link.  She spun around, looking down the passageway.
“Llyr," she said.  He was walking toward her, looking a bit beat up.  She ran to him and wrapped her arms around him.  “Llyr, I’m so glad you’re alright," she stepped back, blushing, looking at him.  “You are all right?”
	“Yes,” he told her. “just a bit bruised; though I wouldn’t have been if you and those Artans hadn’t shown up," he walked over to the now still form of the worm and pulled his sword out of the body.  The blade was covered in green blood, which he quickly cleaned off.
	“No damage," Llyr said after a close inspection of the blade.
	“It’s a good blade," Havaar commented, coming over to stand next to Rebecca. “Most other blades would have been disintegrated," He looked down at Rebecca. “Aren’t you supposed to be doing something, Rebecca?”
	“Forgive me, Master." Rebecca hurried back to the wounded, beginning her healing.
	“What happened to you?”  Havaar asked Llyr. “The Artans I sent with you got back to the city without you.”
	“After we killed the witch doctors, I led what remained of my squad back to where we had left you.  When we got there, the chamber you had been in collapsed.  When the Artans figured out what was going on, they all merged into the ground,"  Llyr answered.
	“Sorry about that.  Collapsing that cave was the easiest way to ensure that the goblins didn’t harass us all the way back to the city.”
	“So, you got my message about the other goblin force?”
	“Yes.”
	“Did you get back in time?”
	“We got back in time to force the goblins out of the city before they did too much damage," Havaar told him. “Without your warning, the city would have been in ruins by the time we got back.  How did you manage to get this close to the city?”
	“I was following the soul link," Llyr answered. “After wandering for a while, I ran into a goblin camp.  They were roaring drunk and talking about the riches they would have when they controlled the Artan city.  I killed those who were still conscious and waited for one of the sleeping ones to wake up.  The first one that woke up became my guide.  He also became that creature’s last meal.”
	“Did you kill the other goblins that were unconscious?”
	Rebecca looked up from what she was doing, staring at Llyr as he answered.  Llyr looked at her, meeting her gaze. “No, I didn’t.”
	Havaar looked at Rebecca and back to Llyr. “Interesting.  Rebecca, how are things coming?”
	“Only a couple more and we’ll be ready to go.”
	“Good; I don’t want to be around when the scavengers begin to smell this corpse.”











CHAPTER FORTY-FOUR

	
	They left the Artan city, returning to the training facility.  Rebecca was silent the whole journey back, many things on her mind.
	“Have some dinner and then retire to your beds," Havaar instructed them when they had reached his underground complex. “Training will resume early tomorrow.”
	“Master, I would like to talk to you about the training," Rebecca said.
	“We will talk tomorrow," Havaar said in a tone that brooked no argument.
	Rebecca watched him disappear into his area, keeping her lips tightly shut to keep from screaming out in frustration.  
	“Don’t worry about it so much," Natalie said. “Let’s get something to eat; I’m famished.”
	“Doesn’t he frustrate you?”  Rebecca asked as they entered the dining hall.
	“No, not really.”
	“Everything has to be his way.  Don’t you find that the least bit annoying?”
	“He is the teacher; you are his student," Llyr said, sitting down. “That is the way things are in that relationship.”
	“It’s not like we’re slaves," Natalie commented.
	“We might as well be," Rebecca countered. “We never have any time to ourselves, never a break from the training.”
	Natalie shrugged, filling her plate with the food being brought by the golems.
	“Magic must be practiced to be learned," Llyr stated. “A break would deter your progress.”
	“I don’t like the fact that he’s turning us into weapons," Rebecca said.
	Natalie stared at her, a fork full of food halfway to her mouth. “What do you mean, turning us into weapons?”
	“That’s what he’s training us to be, weapons.  You saw how I reacted when those goblins were going to kill those Artans; I burned them to ash," Rebecca said with bitterness.
	“If he was turning us into weapons, why would he bother to teach you how to heal?”  Natalie said, taking a mouth full of food.
	“Because healing is a useful skill to have on the battlefield; I can keep others alive to fight more.”
	“You cannot fault him for training you in this manner," Llyr said. “The Archwizard will be invading this world soon and you will be of great value on the field of battle when that time comes.”
	“I’ve already said I won’t fight; why does he continue to train me like this?” 
	Llyr pursed his lips, studying her. “Because he knows if you are trained and practiced in the ways of magical warfare, that is how you will react when you are faced with a threat.”
	Rebecca nodded. “That’s what I thought.  Well, I’m not going to train that way anymore.  There have to be other ways to teach me to use my abilities and I’m going to insist that he teach me in those ways.”
	Natalie glanced at Llyr and back to Rebecca. “What if he refuses?”
	“Then I’ll leave.”
	“You realize that being here with Havaar is protecting you from the Archwizard’s assassins," Llyr pointed out.
“What do you mean?”
“My people fear dragons, for very good reasons," Llyr explained. “No other Hunters have been sent after you because you are with him.  He would sense any portal opened near him; he would be able to battle large numbers of my kindred and prevail against them.  If you left here, the Archwizard would send more Hunters to kill you.”
Doubt crept onto Rebecca’s face but was soon replaced with determination. “If that’s the way it has to be, then so be it.”
Llyr shook his head, turning back to his food.
“You better eat before it gets cold," Natalie said, piling seconds onto her plate.
Rebecca nodded, grabbing a potato from the platter in front of her.
Rebecca woke early the next morning and dressed quickly, not wanting the others to see her confrontation with Havaar.  She didn’t stop by the dining hall for breakfast, preferring to get the unpleasantness over with.
She stood in front of the large doors leading to Havaar’s room and took a deep breath, Steady; you can do this.  You got him to teach you healing.  I only need to stand my ground, not giving an inch.
She knocked on the door, sending an echo down the corridor.  The door opened slowly, stopping when it was opened enough for her to pass through.  She stuck her head through, looking for the dragon.  He was nowhere to be seen; neither was anyone else.  She passed through the door, shutting it behind her.
“Master Havaar," she called out.
“Come in," his voice said from off to the right. “Please join us.”
“Us?”   she whispered, walking in the direction his voice had come from.  As she got closer to the right side of the room, she began to hear voices and saw another door, which stood open.
She entered the room, finding Havaar sitting on a larger chair and Pim sitting on the arm of the chair.
“Pim!”  She said, surprised to see the Caroba. “What are you doing here?”
“Reporting,”  Pim said, standing up. “and collecting my fee.  It is good to see you again." He bowed to her and then gave her an appraising look. “That dress compliments your beauty.”
Rebecca blushed. “Thank you.  What are you reporting?”
Pim looked at Havaar, who nodded. “Lord Havaar sent me to warn the magical beings of this world of the Aldri incursions and to enlist their aid.”
“Their aid?  Doing what?”
“Protecting the humans the Archwizard is attempting to kill," Havaar said. “The response of my magical brethren has been most encouraging.  They have been very successful in stopping the Aldri Hunters.”
“Yes, they have," Pim said. “They do not wish to come under the oppression of the Archwizard.  The Aldri under her are most ruthless with their slaves.”
Havaar nodded. “It is still not enough; the Archwizard will not let the death of a few Hunters stop her plans.  I need the commitment of all magical beings to fight when the Aldri invasion happens.”
Pim sighed. “That will not be easy; the goblins do not like you.  You have stood against them in the past.  Some of the more radical tribes may even attempt to side with the Archwizard when she invades.”
“Tell them that I will personally deal with them should they choose that course.  I need you to go back and persuade those who did not commit to the alliance to join.  We will need everyone to fight the Aldri when the time comes.”
“Many did not believe that I was sent by you, my Lord.  We Carobas are not well trusted.”
Havaar took a large ring off his finger. “Show them this and they will know that I sent you.”
Pim took the ring, awe in his face. “I will take good care of it," He stood, bowing to Havaar. “My Lord, by your leave," Havaar nodded.
Pim turned to Rebecca, bowing to her again. “It has been a pleasure; perhaps one day in the future we will be able to talk more," he looked at her, smiling. “It is a shame that women of this era do not wear more dresses; they are most becoming," he jumped off the chair, flying out of the room.
“Goodbye," Rebecca said. “Be safe." She turned back to Havaar, who was studying her.
“What is it you wish to discuss with me? Something about your training, you said?”  Havaar said.
“Yes,” Rebecca replied. “I am displeased with the way you are training me.”
“Displeased?”  Havaar said. “In what way?”
“I do not appreciate being trained to be a weapon.  You know my views on fighting and I would be grateful if you changed your approach to my training.”
Havaar looked at her for a long moment, making her feel uncomfortable. “Why do you think I’m training to you to be a weapon?”
“Please, when we were with the Artans and those children were about to be killed, I fried the goblins that were chasing them without a second thought.  I did that because you’ve been having me blow up, rip apart, and incinerate things in my training to the point that it’s almost become natural.  This is not something I want to be second nature.”
Havaar leaned forward, his gaze intense. “Do you know why I am training you in this manner.”
Rebecca strained not to look away, Be strong.  You can do this.  “Because you think a war is coming.”
“Think?  I know a war is coming.  These Aldri have ripped apart their world with their overuse of magic, using it for things forbidden at the creation.  They need a new world and they have chosen this one.  You are the only human with the ability to use magic that will be trained when they invade this planet.  If you are not trained to fight, then they will overrun this world in a matter of months.  The armies of this world are not prepared for the tricks magic brings to the battlefield.”
“How can I, one person, make a difference against an entire race of magic users?”
“You would be surprised.  Many of the tricks they will use are simple and easily countered; plus you will be able to dispatch their wizards with relative ease after I’m done with your training.”
Rebecca shuttered at the thought of such a war. “No, I will not do it.  I am committed to the idea of peace, of diplomacy.  There has to be another way.  War is the last choice.”
“If diplomacy were possible, you wouldn’t be sitting here," Havaar said. “My grandfather tried diplomacy eight thousand years ago when this all started and died for it.  These Aldri consider themselves to be the apex of creation and that all other forms of life should bow before them.  It takes two for diplomacy to work and the Archwizard will not even consider the diplomatic process.”
“We’ll never know if we don’t try.  Eight thousand years is a long time; things can change.”
Havaar started laughing. “Do you think a person who has sent assassins to kill you is interested in talking to you?  Do you think a person who has already ordered the deaths of over two hundred humans wants to make peace with you?”
Rebecca stared at him. “Two hundred?  Dead?”
“Yes.  The Aldri have already killed over two hundred humans with the ability to use magic.  The only reason it is not more is that I sent Pim out to enlist the magical races of the world to protect the humans the Aldri are targeting.  There has been fighting across the globe, with many nonhumans dying to protect you people.  And yet, because of your selfishness, you will not protect your own.”
“Selfishness?  Believing there is a better way than killing and fighting is not selfishness.”
“That’s true when you are the only one affected by your belief.  But you no longer have that luxury; your abilities and knowledge put you in a position to save lives and your beliefs will cause the deaths of many if you cling to them.”
She closed her eyes, no longer able to endure his gaze, He’s wrong; there is a better way.  “You’re trying to twist things, make what I believe seem wrong but I know it’s right, that it’s the better way.”
“You’re right, it is the better way.  However, we are not always given the option of taking the better way.  Sometimes the only options we are given are poor; we still must choose.”
She stood, staring at him for a long moment. “I will stand by my principles.  Take me home.”
“What?”
“I want to go home.”
“The Aldri will kill you if you leave here.”
Rebecca nodded.
“And there is the possibility that your parents will not be able to see you," Havaar reminded her.
“I don’t believe you," Rebecca stated. “I think you’ll say anything to keep me here.”
Havaar sighed and rubbed his eyes. “Fine; I will take you home.  Gather your things and meet me in the entrance hall.”
Rebecca ran back to the apartment.   Natalie was coming out of her room as Rebecca entered the living area. “What’s going on?”
“I’m going home." Rebecca rushed into her room and opened the wardrobe, changing into the clothes she had arrived in.
A knock came at her door. “What do you mean, you’re going home?  What about all the warnings about being hidden by magic?”
Rebecca opened the door. “I don’t believe it.  I think Havaar and Pim will say anything to keep us here.”
“Well, I might as well come along," Natalie went back to her room to change.
Llyr stepped out of his room, already dressed in his armor. “So, you’re going home?”
“Yes.”
“You realize that my people will kill both of us as soon as they are aware we are in the open.”
Rebecca opened her mouth then closed it.  She was not only being hit by his words but by the nervous feelings coming through the link.  She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. “I can’t stay here." She opened her eyes and looked at him. “Do you understand?”
Llyr nodded.














CHAPTER FORTY-FIVE


Several hours later, Havaar landed in the park just a few blocks from Rebecca’s apartment in the dark.  They had taken a portal to a cave on the East Coast and then rode Havaar the rest of the way to Denver.
“I don’t think I want to do that again," Natalie said, sliding off Havaar’s back. “I hope we don’t run into any trouble.”
“I think our companions will be able to handle any trouble," Rebecca said. “Let’s get going.”
As soon as she was able she ran down the sidewalk to her building, eager to see her parents again.  She stopped in front of her building, turning to face her companions.
“Thank you for bringing me home, Havaar," Rebecca said. “Is there any way to break a soul link?”
“No," Havaar said.
“Well, Llyr, looks like you’re stuck with me," Rebecca said. “Natalie it was good to meet you.  I think you should go home too, but that’s up to you.”
“It was good to be your friend," Natalie said. “We’ll meet each other again.”
“We probably will." Rebecca gave Natalie a hug. “Goodbye.”
“Why don’t we come in with you, just to make sure everything is okay?”  Havaar said.
Rebecca gave him a suspicious look. “Okay, fine," She turned to the building and opened the door.
	She went through the door and stopped. “Mom," she said, not believing her eyes.  Her mother was standing alone, getting the mail.  Rebecca rushed over and threw her arms around her mother.
Her Mother screamed, pushing Rebecca onto the floor, throwing the mail.
“Mom, it’s me, Rebecca," Rebecca said.
Her Mom looked around, grabbing her arms.  Her eyes went right across Rebecca several times but did not stop.  After a moment she began to gather her mail off the floor.
“Mom, I’m right here," Rebecca said, scrambling to her feet and crouching in front of her mother. “Mom, MOM!”
“Honey, what happened?”  Rebecca’s Father came through the door, kneeling down to help his wife.
“Dad…”  Rebecca said, her hand shaking as she lifted it to him.
“I felt something grab me," Rebecca’s Mom told her Dad. “I pushed it away but there is nothing there.”
Her Dad scanned the area, not seeing Rebecca. “A lot of weird things have been happening since Rebecca ran off. Just another thing to add to the list.”
Rebecca broke down into tears as they left the entry room, curling up into a ball on the floor.
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Llyr watched from the doorway as Rebecca’s mother flung her to the ground and looked around.  She can’t see Rebecca.
Rebecca got up and screamed in her mother’s face.  A man rushed passed him and went into the building, helping Rebecca’s mother.  Rebecca reached out to him but did not touch him as he helped pick up the things Rebecca’s mom had dropped.  Neither of them acknowledged their daughter’s screams.  Rebecca collapsed onto the floor, sobbing uncontrollably as her mother and father stood and walked by Llyr out of the building.
Natalie hurried to Rebecca, dropping down beside her and taking her in her arms.  Llyr stood there, unsure about what to do.  Should I go to her like Natalie did?  It feels so unnatural but part of me wishes to do just that.  Why does everything here have to be so different, so difficult?
Natalie looked over at Havaar, tear streaks on her face. “You knew this would happen, didn’t you?  You knew and you brought her here anyway.”
“Everything I said fell on deaf ears," Havaar said. “She had to see for herself.”
Natalie’s face fell. “I suppose my parents won’t be able to see me either.”
Havaar nodded.  Natalie closed her eyes and put her head down, crying with Rebecca.
“You should have said more," Llyr said, his anger rising at the dragon.
“They knew," Havaar said. “The Caroba told them and so did I.  They chose to reject what we were telling them.”
 “How long have they been like this?”
“A couple of weeks.  Magic infuses humans quickly once they begin to use it.” 
Llyr looked back at the crying girls, the desire to go and comfort Rebecca growing stronger.  “What do we do now?”
“We go back and continue their training," Havaar said.
Rebecca looked up from where she was crying. “You expect us to go back?”
“Yes, I do," Havaar said. “Where else do you have to go?”
Rebecca stared at him for a moment before putting her head back down.
“I’m heading back to the park," Havaar said to Llyr. “Get them up quickly; we can’t afford to be out in the open.”
Llyr studied the girls as Havaar left the building, How am I going to convince them to come with me?  He took a deep breath and walked over and crouched beside them.
“We need to get going," Llyr said. “Being out here like this is dangerous.  The Archwizard may send more Hunters at any moment.”
“I don’t care anymore," Rebecca said. “Everyone I care about, everything I wanted to do is gone.  I want to die.”
The words stung Llyr and he wasn’t quite sure why.  “You talk about serving people but now you’re being selfish.  Dying won’t accomplish anything.  You can still serve people even if they can’t see you." Rebecca didn’t respond, turning her head away from him.
Llyr gave a frustrated sigh. “Natalie, say something to her.  We need to get out of here.”
“Why?”  Natalie said her look forlorn. “If she wants to stay here, leave her here.  I think I might stay as well.”
Llyr stood up. If that’s the way you’re going to be, I can be just as stubborn. “If I have to drag you out of here, I will.”
Rebecca looked up at him. “You would force me to leave?”  A slight hardness edged her voice.
Good, remember who you are.  “If I have to; I’m not going to let you die.”
Rebecca stood up, wiping her tears away. “I could stop you.  I have enough control of my magic to do it.”
“I suppose you could but what control you have is a fraction of what you will have if you complete your training.  Are you going to give up because life is hard?”
Rebecca stiffened, her eyes growing hard. “You are trying to manipulate me.  I don’t like it.”
“Then act like the woman you are instead of like a child," Llyr told her, matching her stare. “If your parents could see you and knew what was happening, what would they want you to do?” 
Rebecca shifted her feet, the only sign that his words had affected her, not getting off the floor.
	What else can I say that would get her to move?  He felt along the link.  Great sadness overwhelmed every other emotion, feeling like a heavy weight that would be impossible to lift.  How do I help her with that?  What am I supposed to do?  All of these thoughts flew from his head as a different feeling intruded on his senses.
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Rebecca tuned Llyr out, the sting of his words was insignificant compared to the pain of being nothing to her parents.  Her Mother’s words, There is nothing there, still rang in her ears.  She was now nothing and she felt like nothing, her whole world collapsing around her.
Llyr grabbed her and slung her over his shoulder.
“What are you doing?”  Rebecca yelled at him.
“Getting back to Havaar," Llyr told her. “There are portals opening all around us and I doubt the people coming are friendly.”
Ahead of them, three Aldri stepped out of an alley, bringing up bows.  Before they could release their arrows, a car was flying through the air at them.  They dived out of the way, their shots ruined.
Rebecca looked back at Natalie, amazed.
Natalie waved her arms, pushing the Aldri back into the alley. “Llyr put her down and help me out.”
Llyr plopped her down and continued to run.  Rebecca stood there in shock.  Llyr stopped and flung his hand at her.  A dagger flew past her and she turned to see another Aldri falling to the ground, the dagger in his chest.
She looked back at Llyr in horror.  He rushed up to her and grabbed her hand, pulling her toward the park.  A burst of fire flew up from inside the park, followed by a roar that had to be Havaar.  People were running out of the park, clutching loved ones.
They entered the park and found trees lit up like candles as Havaar, in his true form, battled countless small beings, most of them running around in terror.  Natalie pushed her hands forward and then spread them out in front of her.  The creatures in front of them were pushed aside, leaving a path for them to reach Havaar.
As they got close to the dragon, Havaar jumped into the air and slammed back onto the ground.  A great wave of energy radiated from him, pushing back all of the attacking creatures.  Natalie threw her arms forward and the energy flowed around the barrier Natalie had erected in front of them. 
They rushed up to Havaar, who crouched down to allow them to climb up onto his back.
Natalie jumped onto the dragon first and turned around, grabbing Rebecca’s hand, who was still moving sluggishly from the shock of everything that was happening.
“Hurry," Havaar growled.  Rebecca turned around after she was on his back and watched as Natalie helped Llyr up onto the dragon.
Llyr jerked and fell forward, an arrow sticking out of his back, under his left shoulder blade.  Havaar jumped into the air, his wings spreading out and lifting them into the air.
“Llyr, Llyr!”  Rebecca pulled him into her lap as Natalie laid him down.  Rebecca could feel the pain coming through the link but it was beginning to fade.  “He’s dying!”
Get the arrow out and heal him! Havaar’s voice roared in her head.
She grabbed the arrow and was about to pull on it when Natalie stopped her.
“Remember what Llyr said before; we have to apply some cream to it or it won’t come out.”
Rebecca opened up the belt pouch Llyr always wore and took out the jar of salve.  She smeared it all over the wound and arrow, counting to twenty.  When she hit twenty, she yanked the arrow out and filled herself with magic.  The feelings along the link from Llyr were almost gone and she could feel him drifting away.
The sense of helplessness that she had felt when James died in the car crash sprung up, threatening to overwhelm her.  I am not helpless this time.  She told herself.  Now is a chance to use this cursed magic from something good.  She moved her hands along his wound, taking care to make sure that the deepest part of the wound was healed before moving up.  It was a long process but she could feel his heartbeat getting stronger as she healed the wound.
Once the wound was healed, she leaned back.  Natalie stood on Havaar’s back, holding her arms out as she created a barrier around them.
“Why are you doing that?”  Rebecca said after a moment.
“Havaar said it will allow us to move faster," Natalie told her.
The barrier she is maintaining is protecting you and keeping you in place so I can fly faster.  Havaar whispered into her mind, We’ll be back at the school in about a couple of hours.
Rebecca nodded, willing to accept anything at the moment.  She closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep.
She jerked awake as they landed back at the school.  Lucretius waited with several golems in the main entrance hall.  Rebecca helped get Llyr off Havaar’s back into the arms of the golems.
“Take Llyr back to his room," Havaar instructed Lucretius. “He has been healed but needs rest.  Have some food delivered to his room.  He will need it to regain his strength.”
Lucretius bowed and floated away, the golems following him.  Rebecca and Natalie were on the ground, stretching after the long flight.
“Natalie,”  Havaar said. “You did very well.  Because of your actions, everyone is still alive and safe.”
“Rebecca,” Havaar turned his gaze to her. “You did well in healing Llyr.  Your talent in that area is evident.  However, if you had trusted me when I told what would happen concerning your parents, he never would have had to be healed.  What do you have to say for yourself?”
Rebecca looked at him. “You’re right.  I’m sorry, I should have listened to you about my parents.  I just wanted to see my mom.”
“You will resume your training, then?”
Rebecca shook her head. “I will not fight.”
A growl filled the room, rumbling deep within Havaar’s chest. “Your selfishness almost cost your friends’ their lives.  Kicking you out of my school, which I very much want to do, would ensure yours and Llyr’s deaths.  I will not do that.  You have to realize that no matter what you feel, you could save the lives of billions.  I want you to consider that tonight as you meditate. Tomorrow morning you will meet me on the 95th floor and we will discuss your training," Havaar turned away and left them in the room. 















CHAPTER FORTY-SIX


Llyr stood in the plains near his home, a great storm rolling off the Great Mountains.  The yellow grasses reached his knees, purple flowers in small patches scattered across the meadow.
“Llyr, come here." Llyr turned around and saw a tall wooden platform, his Father standing at the top, beckoning to him.
“Llyr, come here." his Father said again.  Llyr moved through the grass and climbed the stairs, stopping next to his Father.
“Take the sword," his Father held out Llyr’s sword, the phoenix hilt glowing.  Llyr began to grasp the hilt but pulled back his hand in pain.
“Take the sword," his Father commanded.
“It burns," Llyr said.
“The pain is necessary, son.  It will make you stronger.”
Llyr took hold of the hilt, gritting his teeth to withstand the pain.  He drew the sword from its sheath, the blade glowing white.
“Kill them," his Father said, standing to the side, allowing Llyr to see many individuals kneeling on the platform, their heads on wooden blocks.  Llyr walked over to the first person and recognized it as Aeron, a fellow Hunter.
“Father, these are Aldri, we do not kill other Aldri," Llyr said.
“Kill them or I will kill you," his Father was holding a sword at his back.
“Father, no," Llyr pleaded.
“I will kill you," the sword started to push into his back.
Llyr looked down at Aeron, the sword burning his hands.  With a yell he swung his sword, killing the Aldri.  The next three were Aldri also, all Hunters.  He came to the last one on the platform and lifted his sword to finish this dreadful task but stopped.
“Rebecca," Llyr said.  
She turned her head, smiling at him. “I knew you would come to save me.  Cut me loose and we’ll get out of here.”
“Kill her, Llyr.  Do it now," his Father said behind him.
“What are you waiting for, Llyr?  Cut me loose.”
“I will kill you Llyr if you don’t kill her now," the sword pushed into his back, piercing his skin.
Llyr frantically looked at Rebecca and over his shoulder at his Father, not knowing what to do.  “What do I do?  What do I do?”
“You must make a choice?”  Havaar said.
Llyr looked to his right, Havaar standing there. “What?  What choice?”
“You must choose; her or your Father?”
“Choose," Rebecca said.
“Choose," his Father said.
“Choose," the Overwizard said to his left.
“Choose," Natalie said.
Llyr spun around as more and more people from his life appeared, all saying ‘Choose’.
Llyr sat up in bed sweat soaking his bedclothes and bedding.  He put his head in his hands. “Just a dream.”
Yet he could still hear the voices in his head, fading. “Choose, choose…”
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Rebecca knocked on Llyr’s door.  
“Come in," Llyr called out.
Rebecca stepped into his room and shut the door but did not move further into the room.  Llyr was sitting on his bed, his legs stretched out in front of him and his back against the wall.  She was nervous about what he would say and she focused on the soul link, feeling tiredness and curiosity.
“How are you feeling?”  Rebecca asked after a moment. “You didn’t sleep well last night.”
“I’m fine," Llyr replied. “I had some dreams that woke me up.  No need to worry though.  I got enough sleep.”
“How….How is your wound?”
“It isn’t bothering me at all," Llyr stated, giving a little smile. “You did a good job.”
Tears began to form in Rebecca’s eyes. “I’m very sorry.”
Llyr swung his feet off the bed, walking over to her. “Why?”
“Because…”  Rebecca rubbed her eyes, trying to hold the tears back. “Because of me, you almost died.  I felt you on the edge of death and was barely able to keep you alive.”
“You saved my life, Rebecca.  It wasn’t your fault.”
“But it was." Rebecca put her hand on his chest. “I didn’t listen to what Pim and Havaar told me.  I didn’t believe my parents wouldn’t be able to see me.  Because of my pride, you were almost killed.”
“I’m alive." Llyr placed his hand on hers. “You made a mistake but now is not the time to berate yourself for it.  Now is the time to learn and not do it again.”
Rebecca nodded, wiping a few tears that escaped down her cheeks.
“Are you going to move on with your training?”
Rebecca looked up, jerking her hand back. “No, I’m not.”
“Why not?”
“I may have been wrong about going home but I still stand by what I believe.  There is no excuse for violence and I will not be trained as a weapon.”
“Why not?”  Llyr pressed. “Tell me why not.  I think I’ve earned an explanation.”
Rebecca nodded. “I used to volunteer at a soup kitchen that fed the homeless in my city.  So many of the homeless that came through there were war veterans.  They had once been bright, young men with great futures.  Those futures were stolen by war and the trauma it caused them.  One man, who I got to know, was funny and loved to talk.  I once saw him have a flashback, experiencing the horrors he had witnessed in battle.  He killed himself shortly after that and I decided that war was never the answer, not when it did this to such a wonderful person.  No one should have to go through that.  There is always a better way.”
“What happens when someone attacks you and will not stop, no matter what you say?  What happens when they attack your friends and family?  Is it better to let them win and for you and your friends to die?  What is to stop them from continuing to attack others?”
Rebecca closed her eyes, more tears forming. “I need to go. Havaar is expecting me on the 95th floor.  I wanted to be sure you were ok.”
Llyr nodded and stepped back. “I’m fine.”
“Good." Rebecca opened the door and left the room.









CHAPTER FORTY-SEVEN


When Rebecca stepped out of the wind tunnel onto the 95th floor, she could see only one door.  She opened it and stopped inside the doorway, studying the room.  It was a clean room, well lit and decorated with mountain scenes.  There were beds spaced around the room.  Each bed had a sleeping animal on it.
“Come in, Rebecca," Havaar called from the center of the room.
Rebecca walked over to him. “What are all of these animals doing here?”
“These animals are your patients.”
“My patients?”
	Havaar nodded. “Yes, your patients.  You have refused to follow my training program but I cannot kick you out.  It would mean the death of you and Llyr.  However, I will not let you stay here and do nothing.  Several hours every morning I will instruct you in the art of healing.  As we have no human’s to practice on, animals from the mountains will have to do.”
“I will be healing animals all day?”  Rebecca asked.
“Only for a few hours every morning," Havaar corrected. “When you go back to your room today, you will find a list waiting for you.  This will be a list of tasks I need to be completed around the school.  You will use your magic to complete them.  Madam Morel will be in charge of inspecting most of the items on the list and will direct you to the appropriate book that will instruct you how to complete the job.”
“You’re giving me chores?”  Rebecca said.
“Yes, and you will do them until you decide to return to your regular training.”
“Fine," Rebecca stated. “Let’s heal some animals.”
She returned to her room after eating lunch, her hands still feeling dirty from all the blood, hair and dirt that had come from those animals.  I better get used to the feeling since I will be doing that every morning.  A scroll was sitting on her bed.   She picked it up, broke the wax seal, and let the scroll unroll.  It hit the bed, unrolling as it fell off the bed and onto the floor, rolling until it hit the door, still not completely unrolled.
Rebecca stared at the length of paper, filled with writing, When he said a list, I thought he meant a couple pages, not this monster.  The first few items weren’t unexpected: sweep the halls, dust the library, and clean the kitchen.  It was the items after those first few that surprised her: fix cracks along roof in dining hall, replace warped bookshelves in library, recolor the stained-glass windows in outer chamber attached to my bedchamber, and sculpt companion statue to one in central corridor next to my door (note: if I am not pleased with the sculpture, I will have you do it again).
She ran the paper through her fingers, skimming over the list.  It varied from the mundane to the outrageous.  She stopped, the paper crumbling in her hands as she read an item in the middle of the list: forge a suit of armor, full plate, the helmet open face with a nose guard, enchanted to allow the wearer to withstand fire-based attacks.
Her grip on the paper tightened and she began pulling on it, wanting to rip it apart.  It did not tear but held firm.  She screamed and turned, picking up the unrolled portion of the scroll and rolling the rest of it up.
She stalked out of her room down into the training room.   She ignored Natalie, who was busy practicing with her shields, and walked right in front of Havaar, who was sparring with Llyr.
“What is this?”  Rebecca demanded, holding the scroll under his nose.
Havaar looked down at it and then back at her. “A list of simple chores for you to complete.  I thought that would be obvious.”
“Simple chores you say?”  Rebecca let the scroll unroll, holding it before here. “Simple chores like ‘sculpt a statue’ or ‘forge a suit of armor’ or ‘carve out a new room’?  You call those simple?!”
“You seem to think that you’ve learned enough magic.  These tasks should not be a problem for you.  If you do not feel up to completing them, you may return to your training.”
Rebecca took a deep breath. “I told you I will not be made into a weapon.”
“Then this will fill your days." Havaar pursed his lips. “If there is something in the books you do not understand, come to me and I will explain it.  Now, go about your duties; you are disrupting our exercises.”
Rebecca spun around, leaving the room, slamming the door behind her.  She leaned her head against the door in the hallway, closing her eyes, How does he expect me to do all these things without instruction?  He has to know that it will be almost impossible to teach myself.
She unrolled a portion of the scroll, looking at the list, Maybe he expects me to fail, to come back to him to train.  I could just do the common things on the list.  She shook her head, That would be the same as going back to him.  I’ll show him I can do it.  She walked down the hall into the library.
“Madam Morel," Rebecca called to the ghost, who was nowhere to be seen.
Madam Morel became visible right in front of her. “May I help, child?”
Rebecca gave a small start, still not used to the way the librarian always appeared out of nowhere. “I need a book that will teach me to…” she looked at the scroll, scanning it for the task she was going to complete. “That will teach me how to fix a crack in a ceiling.”
“What is the ceiling made of?”
“Stone.”
“One moment," Madam Morel flew to the bookshelves, scanning the titles.  After a few seconds, she pulled a book out and came back. “This book should suffice.”
Rebecca took the book, Magical Stonework, and sat down, beginning her self-instruction. 
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Llyr sank down onto one knee, breathing hard.  Havaar walked back to the weapon closet, depositing the spear he had been using.
“You’re improving," Havaar said as he placed the spear in its slot.
“Improving?”  Llyr said. “In the month since you started sparring with me, I have yet to win a single match.”
“You are getting faster, however," Havaar said. “Today you hit me.  Before long, you will begin to see your progress as I see it.”
Llyr shook his head. “I thought I was good; I was the best in my class during Hunter training.  I was able to defeat my instructors, surpassing their expectations.”
“I have thousands of years of experience; my reflexes are faster and I am stronger than you.  The fact that you do as well as you do is amazing.  You are beginning to come out of your defensive postures and into some offensive routines.  By fighting me, you are becoming a better fighter.  The next time you fight something other than me, you will see.”
Llyr nodded, understanding that he was learning even if he could not see it.  
“Have you been able to discover any of the additional abilities that your sword has?”
“I know there is something.  I have meditated with the sword and felt a connection.  There must be spoken words and motion but there is also something else.”
“Your people have always accessed magic through words and motions,"  Havaar explained. “Your abilities to sense and follow magic are relatively new.  The last element that allows your people to access magic is visualizing.  If your words are correct and your motions accurate, visualizing the outcome of your spell will allow it to happen.  Since this sword was made for Aldri, I imagine it works the same way.  I want you to visualize what you want to happen and then try to make it happen, saying the correct word and using an accurate motion.”
Llyr stood up, holding his sword in front of him.  He visualized a wave of energy coming from his sword as he slashed.  He stepped forward, slashing his sword in a diagonal motion. “Slash”.  Nothing happened.
“Try a different word or phrase," Havaar instructed. “Your words must describe what you are visualizing.” 
Llyr nodded and took his stance again.  He wanted a wave of energy to come from his slash.  He slashed again. “Slash Wave," power surged in the sword and a wave of energy emerged from the tip of his sword, rushing forward as he swung and crashing into the wall, dislodging a chunk of rock.  
“Excellent," Havaar said. “Now, not everything you try will work, but you must try different things to discover the extent of the sword’s abilities.  We are done for the day but we will add some time to experiment to your training.” 
The door opened and Natalie came in, walking over to Havaar, a determined look on her face.
“Master,” Natalie said. “You are being too hard on her, expecting her to do all those things without any training.”
“She seems to be doing fine," Havaar replied, closing the weapon closet. “Everything she needs to know is contained in the books.”
“If you helped her, taught her, she wouldn’t have to figure things out on her own, making mistakes, mistakes that might kill her.”
“I instructed Madam Morel to observe her and to keep her from doing anything that would be dangerous.”
“You set a ghost over her?  This is ridiculous.  You should be the one teaching her.”
“You are out of line, Natalie.  The way I am handling Rebecca’s training is none of your concern.  Return to your studies.”
Natalie stood straighter, about to say something else.  Havaar’s gaze hardened and Natalie stepped back. “Yes, Master.”
Llyr watched her retreat to the area of the room where she practiced her form of magic. “She’s right, you know.”
Havaar turned his gaze to Llyr. “It is none of your concern either.”
Llyr lifted his hand in a pacifying gesture. “I’m just saying Rebecca isn’t going to be much help if she doesn’t know how to use her abilities.”
“There needs to be a willingness to use them before she can help anyone," Havaar said. “Our sparring is done for the day.”
Llyr bowed, retrieving his sheath before he left the room.  He followed the soul link through the complex until he found Rebecca, who was busy doing something in the large entrance chamber.
Mounds of sand sat around her and a doorway stood in front of her.  More sand came pouring out of the doorway, flowing into another pile.
“What are you doing?”  Llyr said, standing beside her.
Rebecca jumped a little and sand spilled out of the door in a great rush, covering Llyr’s feet.
“You startled me," Rebecca said.  Llyr felt magic touch his feet and the sand moved around him into a pile. “I’m carving out a new room for Master Havaar, as it says to do on my list.”
“Carving?”  Llyr asked, looking at the sand.
“I’m using the words that are on the list," Rebecca answered. “Since Havaar refuses to instruct me, I’m doing things as seems best to me.”
Llyr shook his head. Two stubborn individuals. “What are you going to do with all the sand?”
“Since he also wants some sculptures, I’ll turn the sand back into stone in the shape of those sculptures.”
“I’m impressed; where did you get the idea for all this?”
“A book in the library called Magical Stonework.  It took me a while to figure out exactly what the author meant by the way he described things but I got it.”
“Rebecca, why are you doing this?”
She glanced over at him. “I just told you; it’s on my list.”
“No; why do you refuse to be trained?  You would learn so much more and so much faster with Havaar teaching you.”
“You know why.”
“You don’t want to be a weapon.  What’s so wrong with being a weapon?”
“War is never an answer; all it does is hide the problem, not fix it.  A weapon is only used for war.”
“But war is coming." Llyr took a deep breath. “Don’t you understand that.  Whether you want it or not, my people will bring war to this world, against all humans.  They consider you less than them, a bug to be stepped on.  The Archwizard has ordained this world as the next world to be home of the Aldri and that means the humans must be removed.  You can help stop them but only if you’re trained.”
Rebecca stared straight into the door she had made. “Fighting is never an option," she whispered.
Llyr shook his head. “I admired you for standing up for what you believe but there is a point where pride becomes selfishness.  There comes a time that we must overcome ourselves for the greater good," he turned and walked away.
“Llyr,” Rebecca said.  He stopped and looked back at her. “Do you think I am less than you?”
“I once did," he admitted. “I don’t anymore.”
“What about the other humans?”  Rebecca asked. “How do you feel about them?”
“I don’t know," he said. “Spending time here, with you and Havaar, has made me question many things, questions I need to resolve," he walked back into the tunnels, back into his room, lying down on the bed after placing his sword in the corner.
There comes a time that we must overcome ourselves for the greater good.  What he had said to Rebecca ran through his mind over and over again, Am I being selfish?  By questioning what I have been taught, am I choosing myself and denying the greater good of my people?   But what if my people are not being lead to what is good?  What if, as Havaar says, my people have been deceived?  What would be the greater good?
While these thoughts ran over and over in his head, he fell asleep.














CHAPTER FORTY-EIGHT


Llyr walked in empty space, complete darkness surrounding him.  A light appeared before him, illuminating a person, dressed in a gray robe, his head bowed, facing away.  Llyr walked up to the person, touching him on the shoulder.  The person turned around.  Llyr stepped back, troubled by the stranger’s lack of features.
“Follow me," the Stranger said, though Llyr was not sure how.
Llyr followed the Stranger for hours, the darkness never changing, giving the impression that they were not moving.  Finally, Llyr could no longer take it.
“Where are we going?”  Llyr asked.
Suddenly, the Stranger was facing him, forcing him to stop.
“Choose," the Stranger said.
“What?”  Llyr said, confused.
“Choose," the Stranger repeated, spreading out his arms, palms up.
“Choose what?”
Behind each of the Stranger’s hands people appeared; behind the left hand, Llyr recognized the Overwizard Aedan, some of his fellow Hunters, and many other Aldri, along with thousands of goblins and other slaves.
Behind the right hand, Llyr recognized Havaar, Pim, Natalie, Rebecca, the Artans he fought for, countless humans and other magical creatures.  The most surprising, however, was he saw himself standing foremost among the group.
“What does this mean?”  Llyr asked. “What must I choose?”
“Choose who dies.”
Llyr stepped back. “Choose who dies?  It is not my place to choose who dies and who lives.”
“Your choices have led you here," a voice said from the darkness.
“Now you must choose," another voice said.
“Choose.”
“Choose.”
Llyr turned to run away but stopped, the Stranger in front of him, with the hordes of people behind him.  He turned again only to see the Stranger there.  Any direction he turned the Stranger was there, with the choice.
“I do not want this!”  Llyr yelled into the darkness. “Find another for your choice.”
“There is no other.”
“The choice is yours.”
“Make it or it will be made for you.”
“There comes a time that we must overcome ourselves for the greater good," he heard his voice float out from the emptiness.

Llyr awoke with a start, his bed a mess from his thrashing.  He sat up and put his feet on the floor.  The dream remained vivid in his mind.  He put his face in his hands and wept.  What is happening to me?





















CHAPTER FORTY-NINE


Rebecca concentrated on the sand, forming it into the shape of a unicorn.  She applied pressure and heat, adding sand as needed, trying to get the sand to harden as the book said it would.  After a dozen failures, I’m beginning to wonder if the writer ever tried this.  He did say it took time to get it right.
She sat there, applying pressure and heat for hours and finally, the unicorn was stone.
“I’m exhausted," Rebecca muttered.
“It looks wonderful," Madam Morel said.
“Thank you," Rebecca said. “It only took me a dozen tries.”
“Ah, but you learned something from each try, didn’t you?”  Madam Morel pointed out. “A failure is not truly a failure if you learn something from the attempt.”
“I guess that’s true," Rebecca said.
“You can’t reach the top without climbing up the steps’ my father used to say," Madam Morel said.
“Well, you can.” 
“Really?  There are always steps you have to take, whether it’s actual steps or climbing a rope, or pushing a button, there still steps.”
“True.  Will you please tell Master Havaar that a statue is ready for his inspection?”
“Of course," Madam Morel flew through the wall.
Rebecca began gathering the leftover sand and putting it into the pots she was storing it in.  It had been several months since she had started on the list and many of the items were now crossed off.  Some she hadn’t even attempted, such as forging and enchanting armor.  She had read the book on it and knew she wasn’t ready for it; it required a lot of work with fire and sounded very hot and sweaty.
She walked around the unicorn, pleased with how far she had come.  She thought Havaar would be pleased as well.  It was these boring things the stories never mentioned wizards doing, things like art,  that she thought was the greatest way to use magic.  All the stories she had heard always had them blowing up things or burning them or turning people into animals.  Come to think about it, it might be nice to be able to turn into a bird and fly away.
She thought of her failures; the first six attempts had never become stone, only becoming piles of sand as soon as she released her hold on it.   The next three had become stone but she had applied too much heat and the stone had burst into flame, melting into magma.  The last three attempts before she had succeeded, she had cracked the statue.
Each failure had seen a whole day’s work wasted.  No, not wasted.  Rebecca thought, thinking of Madam Morel’s words, Steps to success.
As she inspected the statue, she put some finishing touches on it, smoothing out a rough spot and giving a little more detail to the horn.  She stood back, nodding.  She was glad she had learned to create such a beautiful object with her ability.
She took out the list and unrolled it, What should I do next?
Anything that had to do with enchanting was out of the question; she had read the book and knew that she would need help learning that skill, help Havaar was unwilling to give.  Recoloring the stained glass windows was a possibility, as was replacing bookshelves in the library.
I think I’ll replace the bookshelves.  Madam Morel has been asking when I will do that.  I wonder where I will get the wood.  Rebecca looked up as Havaar entered the room.
Havaar walked around the unicorn without saying a word, pausing to look closer at the face and horn.  After he had inspected the statue, he nodded. “It will suffice." He glanced at the pots that held the remaining sand stacked against the wall. “Do you have enough material for two more statues?”
Rebecca nodded. “As long as I don’t mess up.”
“I want two more statues for the library," Havaar said. “Madam Morel will dictate what they should look like.”
“Very well.”
Madam Morel came floating into the room. “Master, the Caroba, Pim, has returned and requests an audience.”
“It’s about time," Havaar said, turning to leave.
“Master,” Rebecca said, stopping Havaar. “May I come?  Pim is a friend and I would like to say hello.” 
Havaar nodded. “Come along.”
They made their way to Havaar’s area of the complex and entered his sitting room, where Pim sat waiting.
“Rebecca,” Pim said. “how are you?  How is your training progressing?”
“It isn’t," Havaar said.
“What?”  Pim said, confused.
“Rebecca has refused to proceed with the training," Havaar explained. “As I will not allow the Aldri to kill her, I’ve allowed her to stay here in exchange for some work.”
“Rebecca?”  Pim said.
“I will not be a weapon," Rebecca said. “And I’m still learning to use magic.”
“But not at the rate you would be if I were teaching you," Havaar said.
“You could still teach me," Rebecca said.
“Students do not dictate how they are taught," Havaar stated. “If you want to learn from me, you will learn in my way.”
“I see this is a sensitive topic," Pim said. “I’m sorry I brought it up.  I will give my report.”
Havaar nodded.
“All the tribes are now committed to fighting the Aldri when they invade; some more committed than others.  You may have to visit some of the less committed ones personally to see more than their word of support.”
“That’s good news," Havaar said. “I’ll have my ring back," he held out his hand.
Pim took out the ring and put it in the dragon’s hand.  “One strange thing; there hasn’t been an attack by the Aldri in over a month.”
“That’s a good thing, isn’t it?”  Rebecca said.
“I would say yes, but I have a feeling that they’re up to something else, something that is far more sinister.”
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Llyr sat on his bed, still in his night clothes.  He had been up most of the night, another dream waking him up.  The dreams about his ‘choice’ had been coming more and more often.  After waking in the night, he had not tried to go back to sleep fearful of another dream.
I’m going crazy; that has to be it.  Being around this dragon and these Humans has driven me insane.  These dreams about choosing who will die, a choice that either way would mean countless lives.  My choices don’t mean that much, I’ve just gone mad.
The medallion went cold and Llyr ripped it from his neck, lifting the thing to throw it.  He stopped, taking deep breaths to calm himself and lower his arm.  He placed the medallion back around his neck and activated the magic.
Overwizard Aedan’s face appeared. “Hunter, report.”
“I have not been able to find any weakness in the dragon’s lair, Overwizard," Llyr said.
“How strong are the magical defenses around the dragon’s lair?”  the Overwizard asked.
“Strong," Llyr said. “Attacking here would be very costly.”
“Do you think that the defenses would hold against any magical attack?”
“Against most; though any defense can be penetrated.”
“Are you sure there is no weakness to exploit?”
“Yes, my Lord.  This dragon is a powerful magic user and is quite thorough.”
The Overwizard’s face grew frustrated. “Then we must draw him out into the open.”
“Sir?”
“How much do they trust you?”
“I have their trust. ”
“We have found a way to kill all of the humans on that world in one strike.  It will most likely kill every living thing on that world but no Aldri will die.  We will simply have to bring our slaves from this world.  The only problem is that we don’t know if the dragon’s magical defenses will protect him and those humans against our attack and we don’t have time to find out.”
“And what exactly do you want me to do?”  Llyr asked.
“I want you to tell him what we are planning.  We’ll set a trap for him; that way, no one will be on that planet to oppose us when we come to claim it.  Will he believe you if you tell him we are preparing to cast such a spell?”
“Yes, but the dragon will send someone to confirm my story.”
“I’ll make sure that there is enough evidence around the site to confirm the story.”
“Where is this site?”
“The humans call it Stonehenge.”
“Stonehenge.  What’s so special about this place?”
“In two days it will be the summer solstice of the northern hemisphere of that world.  Stonehenge sits on a node of magical currents during this day.  Using that vast amount of magical energy, we will be able to accomplish our goal with little risk to our own people.  If I’m right, the dragon will try to stop us and we’ll have a surprise waiting for him.”
“Very well.  Will I be able to come home after this?”
“Of course; you will be a hero.  I will personally explain everything to the Archwizard and she will be grateful for all that you’ve done.”
“How will I find you?”
“Come with the dragon to Stonehenge; slip away from him and find another Aldri.  They will bring you to me.”
“It shall be done," Llyr said, bowing.  The image disappeared.  Llyr got dressed and went to find Havaar.
I’ll be home in two days.  Llyr thought to himself, Why does it feel like I’m leaving home?  Why am I feeling guilty?  Those dreams, that’s why.  What if the dreams are right, though?  Have I condemned every living thing on the world?
Llyr looked into the training room.  Only Natalie was in there, practicing her magic.  Llyr watched her for a moment.  Stone golems rushed her.  Some exploded, others were crushed, and others were lifted into the air and flung across the room.  None reached Natalie, who stood calmly among the storm, a shield around her.
“Natalie!”  Llyr called out after the last of the golems were down.
She turned and looked at him, a questioning look on her face.
“Come with me," Llyr said, beckoning to her. “You may want to hear this.”
Natalie dropped her shield and came over to him. “What?”
“There’s something I need to tell Havaar and I think you need to hear it.”
“Okay,” Natalie said, shrugging. “Lead the way.”
Llyr knocked on Havaar’s door and it swung open.  They found Havaar, Rebecca, and Pim talking in a room just off to the right of the main door.
“What do you need?”  Havaar asked.
“I have received word from my brethren," Llyr said. “The Archwizard has found a way to kill every living thing on this world.”
“I knew it," Pim said. “I knew there was something going on.”
Llyr looked at Rebecca. “What?”
“There haven’t been any attacks by Aldri in over a month," Rebecca told him.
“What is this method that the Archwizard has found?”  Havaar asked.
“At a place called Stonehenge, a spell will be cast that will eradicate all life on this world.”
“Isn’t Stonehenge where Merlin cast the spell hiding magic from humans?”  Pim said.
“Yes," Havaar answered. “This is happening in two days?”
Llyr nodded.
“How did you know that?”  Natalie asked.
“In two days, on the summer solstice, Stonehenge will be centered over a magical node, an intersection of multiple magical currents," Havaar leaned forward, his eyes lost in thought. “They’ll be bringing in moonstone for this.”
“What’s moonstone?”  Natalie asked.
“Stone slabs that have been enchanted under the magical radiance of three full moons," Rebecca replied.  Everyone looked at her, a little surprised she knew the answer.  “I’ve been reading a lot.”
“We can’t let this happen," Havaar stated. “First, we need to make sure this isn’t a diversion.  Pim, I want you to go there and search for signs that they have been preparing the ground for new slabs.”
Pim opened his mouth, obviously going to object but Havaar’s gaze bored into him.  He shut his mouth, staring back at the dragon. “Okay, I’ll go but I expect to be well paid.”
“Of course," Havaar said. “All of you need to rest.  This is going to be difficult.  We won’t know what we’re going up against and you’ll need all the energy you can.  No more training or work.  This includes you, Rebecca; I can’t make you fight but you will be coming with us.  You can heal if nothing else.”





















CHAPTER FIFTY


Rebecca sat in the entertainment room, watching Llyr pace.
“Where is he?”  Llyr said, stopping. “We’ve been waiting for over a day and a half.”
“He’ll be here when he gets here," Havaar said. “Scouting around your people undetected is difficult," he looked off to the side.  “You should go get into your armor.  You will need it.”
Rebecca came back, wearing her chain mail shirt, to find Llyr sitting on the floor.
 “Llyr,” Rebecca said. “are you alright?”
“Yes,” he responded. “I’m preparing for battle.”
“We don’t know if there’s going to be a battle," Rebecca said. “Pim hasn’t returned.”
“Havaar wouldn’t have told us to change into our armor if there wasn’t going to be a battle," Llyr said. “A calm mind is useful before any fight.  I’ve been a little on edge the last few hours.  I need to clear my mind to be at my best.”
“We’ll definitely need your best," Pim said as he came into view. “The Aldri are preparing the ground for new slabs.  I’m glad to see that Havaar heard my message.”
“You sent a message?”  Natalie asked.
“A basic magic message," Pim said. “All it said was yes.  I’m glad he understood.”
“Are they being open about their preparations?”  Llyr asked.
“No,” Pim said. “that’s why it took me so long.  They’re trying to hide it from all the humans in the area.”
“Humans?”  Rebecca said. “There were people around Stonehenge?”
Pim nodded.
“Why?  How many?”
“Oh, when I left there were well over ten thousand, with more coming," Pim told her. “Humans who follow the religion of the Druids, along with others, gather at Stonehenge to watch the sunrise on the summer solstice.  I fear they will get far more than they hoped for this time.”
“What do you mean?”  Rebecca asked. “Pim, what is going to happen?”  Pim looked away from her. “Llyr, what will happen to those people?”
Llyr looked at her. “That many humans will be in the way.  They will be killed.”
“Havaar!”  Rebecca yelled.
“What?”  a loud voice came out of the back of the main entrance.  Havaar came out, in his dragon form.
“We need to get to Stonehenge," Rebecca told him. “There are thousands of people there.”
Havaar looked at her, his eyes widening. “The Druid ritual;  I had forgotten about that.  Climb on; we are leaving.”
“I will see you when you return," Pim said.
“You are coming with us," Havaar said.
“No…”  Pim started to say.
“Yes, you are," Havaar interrupted. “Your life is at stake here as well.  You will help us defeat the Aldri.”
Pim sighed. “Very well.”
“You’re wearing armor," Llyr said as he climbed onto Havaar’s back.
“Yes.”
“What does a dragon need with armor?”  Llyr asked.
“Even my scales can be pierced," Havaar said. “Armor makes it that much more difficult.”
Havaar ran out of the cave, launching himself into the air.  The sun had already set in the west.
I hope we’re not too late.  Rebecca thought as the air rushed past her, blowing her hair out behind her.
After a short flight, Havaar circled and landed on a small hill that overlooked Stonehenge.  They all got off his back and looked toward the stone formation, that was now two complete circles and glowing.
“We are over the node," Pim said.
“Where are the people?”  Rebecca said, looking for them.
“They are dead," Havaar said.
“No,” Rebecca said. “How can you say that so casually?”
“Because I cannot worry about the dead," Havaar answered. “Especially when there are giants and several thousand goblins to worry about.”
“Where’s Llyr?”  Natalie asked looking.
“I knew he was a spy," Pim said. “He led us into a trap.”
“Don’t worry about him," Havaar said. “His role in this isn’t done." He reached into his armor and took out two stones, throwing them onto the ground. “Pim, activate these.  They’ll bring help.  As for me, I’ll deal with the giants.”
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Havaar landed and everyone looked toward Stonehenge as the dragon talked.  Llyr didn’t wait, darting away while everyone was distracted.  Llyr ran across the countryside, looking for clues that would lead him to his people and doing his best not to think about what he was doing.  He began to see signs of goblins, a lot of goblins, all around the area, as well as signs that the goblins had been killing humans.
Llyr avoided the groups of goblins easily until he found an Aldri sentry.  He kept his hands off of his weapons and approached the sentry, hands spread apart.
“Stop!”  the Sentry commanded.
“You are to take me to Overwizard Aedan," Llyr told him.
“The heretic," the Sentry stated. “Hand over your weapons.”
Llyr wanted to grab his sword but kept his hands up. “I keep my weapons; take me to the Overwizard and all will be explained.”
The Sentry’s hands were shaking as he looked at Llyr but he did not approach him.  “Come along then, and stay in front of me.”
Llyr nodded as he passed by the Aldri and followed the directions he was given.  After a minute they walked into an area where an Aldri Llyr recognized was giving orders to Aldri runners.
“Here is the Heretic, my Lady," the Sentry said.
“Good," Brigid responded. “Inform the Overwizard that he has been captured.”
As soon as the Sentry was gone, Llyr put his arms down. “I was told I would be meeting with Overwizard Aedan, Brigid.”
“You will be, Llyr," Brigid said. “This meeting cannot take place among the wizards that came with the Overwizard.  Few know of your mission; my troops had trouble accepting that you were to be taken, not killed.  They did not believe me when I told them you would give yourself up." A jet of flame flashed in the distance, near the glowing slabs of Stonehenge.  Brigid smiled. “I see the dragon has wasted little time in engaging the dragon hunters we hired.  How many do you think he’ll kill before they get him?”
“How many did you bring?”  Llyr asked.
“Ten fully grown and trained giants," Brigid said. “All equipped with dragon scale armor.  Expensive but the Overwizard thought it worth the price.”
“They’re definitely in for a fight," Llyr told her. “The dragon is wearing moonmetal plate armor.”
“A worthy opponent," Overwizard Aedan said, walking into view.  Both Llyr and Brigid bowed.  “They have all come?”
“Yes,” Llyr answered. “both humans and the Caroba that helped them.”
“Good," the Overwizard said. “I have three thousand goblins here to deal with them.  They should be able to overwhelm the humans and the Caroba.  Any losses are acceptable.”
“What about the Aldri you brought?”
“They are here to protect the wizards during the casting.”
“Won’t the wizards casting the spell be killed along with everything else on this world?”
“No; we will be in a protective field when the spell is cast.”
An Aldri scout came running up to Brigid, whispering into her ear.  Brigid looked at him, her brow furrowing. “You’re sure?”  The scout nodded.  Brigid waved him away before turning back to Llyr. “Why did you not mention the Artans?”
Llyr looked at her in surprise. “What Artans?”
“There are one thousand Artans on the hill with the humans and the Caroba.  They came through a portal that opened on the hill.”
“I knew nothing of any Artans.  The dragon never mentioned them to any of us.”
“The dragon did not trust you as much as you thought," the Overwizard mused. “A very worthy opponent.  We must accelerate our plans.  You know what to do, Huntress Brigid," he then walked into the darkness toward the glowing shape of Stonehenge.”
 	“Plans?  What plans?”  Llyr asked, confused, looking after the Overwizard. “What is going on?”  he heard the sound of a sword being drawn from its sheath behind him.  He spun around to face Brigid, who now held her sword.
“You didn’t really think that the Overwizard was going to let you return home alive, did you?”  Brigid explained. “My Mother has vowed that you, and any associated with you, will die.  She is very upset that you bested me..”
“So now I die," Llyr said.
“Yes,” Brigid confirmed. “but you die for a purpose, to help our people.  Your death will distract, maybe even kill, the human girl.  You will have died with honor.”
“What do you know of honor?”  Llyr said. “You are killing me because the Overwizard cares more about his life and advancing his power than keeping his promises.  There is no honor among our leaders, Brigid.  These last months have shown me that.”
“I think that your time spent among these humans and this dragon has corrupted you, Llyr.  Show that you are a true Aldri and die, as is expected of you.  The greater good of our people demands it.”
Llyr watched Brigid raise her sword and asked himself the question he had asked himself over and over for the last couple of months, Do our leaders truly lead us to the greater good?
Llyr whipped out his sword, intercepting Brigid’s strike. “The Archwizard has never been interested in the greater good of our people, only the greater good for herself.  You know that.”
Brigid pushed his sword away. “So, you have chosen to truly become a heretic.”
“You know as well as I do that what I have said is true," Llyr countered “Have the courage to step beyond the lies.”
Brigid laughed. “At least I will now have a real chance to best you.  I won’t fall for your tricks this time.”
“I have been training with a dragon for the last half a year.  I have new tricks.”
Brigid rushed at Llyr, swinging her sword.  Llyr held his ground, deflecting her attacks but not countering.  After her initial attack, she stepped back but came right back in.  Llyr shifted, intercepting the strikes and turning them away.  The last time he had fought Brigid, he had thought of her as fast, just keeping up with her.  After six months of training with Havaar, Llyr found Brigid’s movements slow and easy to predict.
Brigid moved back, falling into a defensive stance, shock with a bit of wariness on her face.
“You won’t be able to beat me, Brigid.  The training I’ve been doing far outstrips anything you’ve faced.  Give up now and I’ll be on my way," Llyr offered.
Brigid spit at his feet. “You’re overconfident.  That is always a weakness.  You’ll make a mistake and I will be victorious and your sword will be mine." she rushed him again, sword reaching for the kill.
Llyr deflected the thrust and, as she adjusted, slashing at him, he stepped into her swing, hoping the moonmetal chainmail would deflect the blow.  He grunted as her sword hit his side but did not penetrate the armor.  He grabbed her sword with his left hand and twisted, grabbing her and throwing her away, her sword still in his hand.  She hit the ground with a thud and the air came rushing out of her lungs.
He dropped her sword and walked over to where she lay, putting the edge of his sword against her throat.
“Finish it," Brigid growled after a moment of staring.
“No," Llyr said. “I’m sick of killing my own people.  Our leaders tout our not harming each other as a great difference between us and the rest of the races in the universe.  Yet they break this greatest rule whenever it suits them.  They are hypocrites but I don’t have to be.  The title of Heretic does not make me any less Aldri.  Why should I kill you for their glory?”
Brigid rolled away but Llyr did not pursue.  She retrieved her sword and looked at him.  “I cannot kill you on my own but I am not alone.”
Before she could yell out, Llyr slashed across his body. “Slash Wave”.  A wave of energy flew out of his sword and hit Brigid, sending her flying a dozen feet away.  She landed hard and did not move.  Llyr rushed over to her and checked on her.  There was a large knot forming on her head but he could hear her breathing.
Llyr stood up and looked back toward the hill where Rebecca was.  He could see the forms of goblins and Artans engaged in combat and magic being thrown toward the top of the hill, only to be deflected away.  He looked down at Brigid. “I hope you live, Brigid." He rushed away toward the hill.


 
















CHAPTER FIFTY-ONE


Rebecca watched as Havaar raced toward Stonehenge, spitting fire.  I hope he knows what he’s doing.  She turned back around as Pim activated the two strange stones that Havaar had thrown on the ground.  A blue swirling mass sprang up between them and soon changed, showing them a cave full of Artans.
“Rebecca,” Harre the Artan said to her, bowing.
“How?”  Rebecca said, dumbfounded by the Artans appearance.
“Lord Havaar came to us almost two days ago, requesting that we be ready for a possible fight," Harre said. “We could only spare one thousand warriors; I hope it’s enough.”
“It’s better than nothing," Pim said. “Things were looking pretty bleak; now we might actually have a chance.”
“What’s the situation?”  Harre asked.
“The Aldri are attempting to cast a spell that will kill everything on Earth," Pim said. “They are protected by a few thousand goblins, some giants, and an unknown number of Aldri.  Havaar is taking care of the giants.”
“We’re outnumbered then," Harre said. “No matter.  We’ll get to the Aldri," the Artans started shouting below. “The goblins are attacking," Harre yelled out something in Artan.  With strict discipline, the Artans formed quick battle lines around the hill.  A small ball of fire appeared, heading straight for the battle line.  It stopped in midair and exploded, funneled back toward the running goblins, roasting a few.
	“Did you do that?”  Harre asked Rebecca.
	“No," Rebecca said.
	“I did," Natalie said. “I’ve learned a lot since we last met.”
	“I can see that," Harre commented. “Are you going to fight, Rebecca?”
	Rebecca watched as the goblins ran right into the Artan lines. “No.”
	Harre gave her a worried look. “Any healing you can give will be appreciated.”
	“I’ll do what I can," Pim said.  He began to sing and then started throwing small balls of fire into the goblin ranks.  The tiny balls did not expand into bigger ones but rather burned right through the armor and body of the goblins they hit, often going through two goblins.
	A sheet of arrows arched from behind the goblins, only to hit an invisible barrier erected by Natalie.  Harre shouted orders to troops, who adjusted their rock throwing to hit the unseen archers in the distance.  Their stones swept into the darkness.  Soon after, lightning bolts fell among the ranks of the rock throwers, throwing them to the ground.
	Rebecca rushed to the side of one of the fallen Artans, using her magic to heal his burns.  Pim lit up the area beyond the fighting, revealing a couple of Aldri wizards in the midst of spell casting.  He threw fire at them, only to have it bounce off their protective shields.
	“I can’t get through their protection," Pim said. “Rebecca, you have to do something.”
	She looked up from where she was healing another Artan, her internal struggle evident on her face.  She finished healing the Artan and moved on to the next, ignoring Pim’s plea.  Pim growled and started to fly over to her.
“Forget her," Natalie yelled as she blocked another flight of arrows. “Keep the wizards off balance or we will be overrun.”
Rebecca rushed from Artan to Artan, healing any wounds she found.  The goblins rushed up the hill, attacking the Artans.  The goblins, armed with swords and axes, were ill-equipped to fight the rock people.  This did not stop them from throwing themselves wildly into combat, trying to get their edge weapons into the joints of the Artans.  Rebecca tried to ignore the carnage as the Artans’ weapons decimated the goblin ranks.  
There has to be some way I can stop this without hurting anyone.  Rebecca thought to herself, searching for an answer.  She felt a tingle in the air around her and she threw up her arms, placing a barrier of energy above her.  Bolts of lightning hit the shield in fast succession.  Once it stopped, Rebecca looked about and saw one of the Aldri wizards staring right at her. He began speaking and moving his arms in exact motions.  
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
	Havaar darted among the giants, who stood eighteen feet in height, blowing fire and raking at them with his claws.  The giants willingly took the fire, having magical protection from fire, and the dragon scale armor absorbed most of the attacks from his claws.  They vainly tried to get a magical net around him, throwing it as he flew at them.
	He flew past one, swiping at it, not aiming for the giant’s flesh but for the straps that held the armor.  The strap snapped, dropping the breastplate slightly.  He turned and twisted, catching the net thrown at him, pulling along the giant who held it.  He banked up, throwing the net onto a surprised giant who had his sword ready to strike.  The magic of the net went into effect, wrapping itself tightly around the giant.
	Havaar felt a swoosh of air as a boulder sailed past him.  He turned to see the rock thrower tossing another boulder his way.  He flew right into the path of the boulder, flying right over the rock.  As it passed, he grabbed it, using its momentum to twirl him all the way about.  As he came back up, he threw the boulder back at the giant, who took it right in the face.
	Havaar flew higher up, surveying the giants; two were down, four were chasing him, one was heading toward the hill, and one was messing with its armor.  Havaar dove straight at the one that was trying to fix the strap he had cut.  Havaar hit hard, his claws digging into the flesh of the giant, ripping huge gashes in its throat.
	Havaar quickly leapt away, dodging another net that wrapped around the dying giant.  
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
	Llyr sprinted toward the hill, the sounds of fighting growing louder as he got closer.  Two Aldri soldiers came running toward him out of the darkness, bows in hand.  The arrows would be of little use against the Artan and they were trying to find a better place to shoot from.  Llyr didn’t hesitate, throwing a dagger into each of their throats.
	He stopped, retrieved his daggers, grabbed one of the bows and two quivers of arrows, swinging them onto his back.  So much for not killing other Aldri.  He told himself.  As he thought about it, it wasn’t that he didn’t want to kill Aldri.  It was no different than killing any other race; they would kill him if they got the chance.  Why had he spared Brigid, then?	He realized he didn’t want to kill her, that she had been a friend and held some of the same views as he did.  He hoped that someday she would see things as they really were.
	He ran from the dead toward the hill and found a wall of goblins pushing up the hill.  Two Aldri wizards stood behind the goblins, casting spells.  Llyr spotted Rebecca, healing an Artan.  One of the Aldri wizards threw his hand forward, releasing his spell.  Rebecca threw her arms up and lightning bolts crashed the shield she had put over herself.  The wizard began to immediately cast a new spell.
	Llyr rushed up behind the wizards and, just as the wizard aiming for Rebecca began to release his spell, Llyr put his sword through the wizard’s back.  He pulled it out and spun, decapitating the other wizards.
	Llyr looked toward the top of the hill, How am I going to get through all of these goblins?  Suddenly the goblins were being thrown aside, a path opening up through them.  Llyr sprinted into the lane, slipping through the Artan line.
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
	Rebecca watched as the wizard lifted his arm in her direction.  All of a sudden, a sword burst through his chest.  He slumped and fell to the ground as Llyr spun and cut the head off of the other wizard.
	“Natalie,” Pim yelled. “Open a path for Llyr to get up here.”
	Natalie spun, looking to where Llyr was standing.  She thrust her two hands forward, the backs of her hands together, curving her fingers as if she was grabbing the edge of something.  She broke her hands apart and the goblins in front of Llyr were thrown away, leaving him a path to the top of the hill.
	“Where have you been?”  Pim asked Llyr when he reached the top of the hill.
	Llyr threw down two quivers of arrows and began to shoot at the goblins with a bow. “Making a choice.”
	“It’s about time," Pim replied. “What did you choose?”
	“I chose to live.”
	Rebecca shook herself and rushed to an Artan who had fallen to the ground, healing his wounds.  Llyr was back but everything was still dire.  How were they going get out of this?
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
	Havaar flew straight toward the Giant that was heading toward the hill where the others were fighting.  He was almost to the Giant when he was hit in the side with a boulder.  He hit the ground and rolled back on to his feet, twisting around as one of the Giants chasing him caught up.
The Giant had a huge sword and chopped down at Havaar’s head.  Havaar dodged the attack and grabbed the Giant by the arm with his teeth and spun around.  His tail hit the next Giant rushing up to him and knocked it to the ground.  As his head came back around, Havaar let go of the Giant in his mouth, throwing him into another Giant who was carrying another magical net.  The Giants tumbled onto the ground and the net’s magic activated, wrapping them up.
Havaar jumped on to the Giant he had knocked over with his tail, digging his claws into the seams of the Giant’s armor.  The Giant screamed as Havaar cut and scratched him, thrashing about on the ground.  Havaar found the straps he was looking for and cut them, throwing away the back plate and quickly ending the Giant’s life.
Havaar jumped into the air and another boulder slammed into the place where he had been.  Across the field, he could see the Giant grabbing another boulder.  He sped through the air at the Giant but had to dodge away as it threw its projectile.   
A blue wave of magic passed around and through Havaar as he turned to deal with the Giant.  He felt it pull at him, trying to separate his soul from his body.  He looked at Stonehenge and found it glowing with power.  The magical light began to pulse faster and faster.  Havaar looked down and saw that the Giant was also looking toward the stone formation.
Havaar dove and hit the Giant in the back, clamping his mouth around its neck.  The Giant’s armor kept his teeth from penetrating its flesh.   The Giant grabbed Havaar’s head and he leaned forward, heaving Havaar over him.  Havaar couldn’t keep his hold and flipped over to land on his feet, facing the Giant. 
Another wave of energy passed through Havaar, pulling harder at his soul.  Rebecca!  Havaar called out from his mind.
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Rebecca knelt down next to a couple of Artans who were injured when the first wave of magic passed through them.  She had to steady herself as she felt something pull at the core of her being.  She looked up and could see Stonehenge glowing and the light pulsing.
She shook herself and healed one of the Artans and was healing the next when the second wave passed through.
Rebecca!  Rebecca heard Havaar’s call in her mind.  It was so loud that she fell onto her bottom from where she was kneeling next to an injured Artan.
	What?  She threw back out with her mind, not sure if Havaar could hear her.
	Rebecca, you must join the fight.  Havaar told her, The Aldri wizards are almost done casting the spell and I’m still fighting these giants.  I can’t do anything until they’re dealt with and by that time, it will be too late.
	What can I do?  Rebecca responded I’m not an all-powerful dragon.  I’m not even fully trained and you know how I feel about this.
	Everyone on this planet will die if you don’t do something!  Havaar screamed at her, You have more power than you think; if you don’t try, how will you ever know?
	Rebecca looked at Stonehenge, another wave emanating from the glowing structure, indecision battling within her.  She shook her head, rushing over to another Artan that had fallen.
	Natalie, talk to her.  Havaar called out.
	Rebecca jumped as Natalie knelt next to her. “Rebecca, please, do it for our families.  We may never see them again but they deserve to live.  Do it for our friends and for all the faceless strangers we don’t know but who now depend on us.”
	Rebecca kept shaking her head, rushing to heal more Artans.
	Havaar! Natalie’s thought rang out, She won’t listen to me!
	Keep trying!
	Llyr yelled out as an arrow took him in the leg.  Rebecca hurried over to him.
	“I have none of your salve," Rebecca said, unsure of what to do now.
	“That is a goblin arrow," Llyr told her. “Just take it out.”
	Rebecca yanked out the arrow and healed the wound.  As she started to stand, Llyr grabbed her hand.  “You have to do something, Rebecca.  We can’t hold out much longer." Rebecca shook her head, mouthing ‘no, no’.  “Rebecca, we and everyone else on this world, magical and non-magical, will die if you do not do something now.”
	“Giant!”  Pim yelled out as another wave of magic washed over them.
	“Incoming boulder!”  Llyr pointed to the sky where a boulder began falling.  He tried to push Rebecca out of the way, expecting to die.  To his surprise, she stood her ground and the rock never hit.  He looked back to where the boulder hung motionless in the air.
	He looked up at Rebecca.  Rebecca stood there, muttering. “I’m sorry.  I’m so sorry." Tears streamed down her face, her golden eyes began glowing brightly.  The giant began to throw another boulder but when he let go, it hung motionless where he released it.  The bag on his back that held more rocks jerked and lifted him into the air.  The two boulders held motionless shot up as well, soon out of site.
	Rebecca put her arms wide out from her and crouched down.  She began to rise up, her hands held tight and open, as if she was lifting something.  The ground just beyond the battle line began to bulge and large chunks of earth began to shoot into the air as Rebecca stood to her full height until a trench surrounded the entire hill.  The unfortunate goblins in the area of the bulging earth were thrown all about and the assault on the Artans halted.
	Llyr looked at Rebecca, who now threw her arms up above her, all of the earth around them shooting skyward.  She looked up, her glowing eyes leaking magic. “Form up around her!  Nothing gets through.”
	“Wait," Natalie said. “I’ll protect her." Llyr felt himself being pushed away as the air shimmered as Natalie erected a shield around them.
	Llyr looked around at the motionless Artans. “Form your battle lines!  Nothing gets to them.”
	Another wave came from the glowing stones but was immediately sucked into Rebecca.
	“What just happened?”  Llyr asked.
	“She’s using up all the magic in the area," Pim said. “Including the magic that comes from Stonehenge.  Let’s hope she doesn’t kill herself before she’s done.”
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
	What’s going on Natalie?  Havaar asked as he killed the Giant he was fighting.
	Rebecca’s doing something.  Natalie told him.
	I know that.  Havaar snapped, Give me details.  She’s using every ounce of magic in the area. How does she look?
	Distant; she’s looking to the sky.  Her eyes are glowing so brightly that I can’t look at them…Oh my gosh, there’s blood coming out of her eyes, ears, and nose.
	She’s doing too much.  Do you have any magical energy stored?
	Yes, but I’m using it to maintain a shield around us.
	Forget the shield. If you don’t give her what you have, she’ll die.  Give it to her now; it may be the only way to save her.
	But if we’re attacked…
	You have a better chance of surviving an attack.  Give it to her now!
	Natalie let the shield drop and gave every bit of magic she had stored within her to Rebecca.
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
	Rebecca’s mind followed the pieces of earth that flew skyward, higher and higher until they were almost in space.  She took the boulders, the earth she had ripped out of the ground and the dust in the atmosphere, combining them to create several large boulders.  The amount of magic required was amazing and she could feel herself using up all the available magic around her.  Soon the strain on her body began to cause pain, weakening her.  She pulled in the magic faster but it wasn’t enough to help.  
Suddenly, when she thought she could take no more, she felt an influx of energy, enough for her to finish what she had begun.  She applied pressure and intense heat to the stones, causing them to burst into flame.  She then sent them pummeling to earth, guiding the large meteorites on their journey.  At last, she could take no more and she collapsed on the hill, not witnessing what she had done.
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Havaar saw the boulders burst into flame and begin to speed toward Stonehenge.  He crouched down and put up an energy shield around himself, hoping it would be enough to protect him.
	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Llyr shot the last of the arrows he had taken from the fallen Aldri soldiers.  He dropped his bow, drawing his sword, ready to kill any goblin who got too close to Rebecca and Natalie.
He looked up as he heard the roar of the meteorites.  He stared as the three large rocks tumbled toward Stonehenge, Where did those come from?
“Help me!”  Natalie yelled out from behind him.
He turned around and ran over to her, kneeling beside Rebecca, dried streams of blood coming from her eyes, ears, and nose. “What happened?”
“She just collapsed," Natalie said.
“Here they come," Pim yelled, pointing to the meteorites.  Harre shouted out something Llyr didn’t understand.  All the Artans sank into the ground.
“Natalie, get a shield up around us!”  Natalie threw out her arms and the air shimmered around them.  Llyr threw himself over Rebecca as the meteorites hit Stonehenge with a deafening explosion, covering everything in the area with dirt and dust.






























CHAPTER FIFTY-TWO


“The dust from the meteorites is finally beginning to settle and BBC news has the first images of the impact site.  We join our reporter at Stonehenge.”
“As you can see, the freak meteorite hit has completely destroyed Stonehenge.  It has been estimated that over 25,000 Druids, New Agers, and others were gathered here to watch the sunrise of the summer solstice.  All are suspected dead, making this one of the most horrible disasters in recent years.”
“But there is another mystery here, one that the government is trying to keep under wraps.  As you will see in this footage, strange bodies of creatures unknown on this world have been found.”
“Sir, what is that?  Does it have green skin?  Oh my goodness, is that a huge head?”
“I’m sorry,” a soldier said, putting his hand over the lens of the camera. “no cameras allowed.”
“As you saw, there was what appeared to be the body of a little green man and a giant.  What is being hidden?  We have yet to find out.”
The television turned off and Havaar leaned back in his chair.
“How could they see those bodies?”  Pim asked. “The spell has hidden even the dead.”
“The spell is broken there," Havaar said. “Soon, like a crack spreads in glass until the whole pane breaks, the spell will be no more.”
“What will happen?”  Natalie asked. “How will things change?”
“Who knows how things will change?”  Havaar said. “But they will change; humans will now have to learn to live in a world that has magic.  They will not only have to live with each other but with the magical races.  It will be a hard time for humans.”
“But we stopped the Aldri, right?”  Natalie said. “There won’t be a war now, will there?”
“If only it were that simple," Pim muttered.
“We’ve stopped the Aldri, for now," Havaar said. “But don’t think they’ve given up.”
Llyr turned away, walking to the room where Rebecca lay unconscious.
“What is the matter?”  Havaar said behind him.
“Did I make the right choice?”  Llyr asked.
“Yes, you did.”
Llyr turned and looked at him. “It was you, wasn’t it?  You gave me those dreams.”
Havaar nodded. “You have been conflicted for many years, Llyr.  On your world, it was either be the good son or die.  Not much of a choice.  Here, you could actually see the different choices that were available to you.  You just needed a little encouragement to make the right one.”
Llyr chuckled. “I should be mad at you but I’m not.  I think I would have made the same choice without your influence.”
“I couldn’t take that chance," Havaar told him. “Too much was at stake.”
“I wish this was the end of the threat," Llyr commented. “I don’t think the Archwizard will let this defeat stop her.”
“Why does she want this world?”
Llyr shrugged. “There was another world prepared for our people to move to but a few years ago she changed her mind and made this world our new target.  She seems set on this place to be the Aldri’s new home.”
Havaar nodded. “We’ll be ready for her when she comes.”
Llyr wasn’t so sure but kept quiet.  He looked at Rebecca. “Will she ever wake up?”
“Eventually,” Havaar said. “her body needs time to recuperate.”
 “She should be dead," Llyr said. “Why isn’t she?”
Havaar stared at her, not answering the question.
“Answer me; I know she’s not a mere human.”
Havaar took a deep breath. “You must promise not to tell her or anyone else.”
“I give you my word.”
 “For thousands of years I have lived among the humans," Havaar told him. “I married many humans, enjoying their companionship.  Most incredible was the fact that they could bear my children.  Humans were only mages before I came here but my children inherited dragon magic.  All wizards in the human race are my descendants.  My last wife died shortly after Merlin cast his spell.  I never expected to see another human with eyes like mine.  Yet, here she is, a girl that looks like many of my own daughters.  A pure strain of dragon runs through her, marking her.  That is why she has so much magical power; that is why she is alive.”
“Will she be able to turn into a dragon someday?”  Llyr asked.
Havaar looked at the sleeping girl, his descendent. “I don’t know.  Only time will tell.” 








The story continues with Remnants, book two of the Soul Link Chronicles. Available now on Amazon.
ABOUT THE AUTHOR


Douglas Sharp lives and works in Utah with his wife and five children.  He has a great love of fantasy and the worlds that have  been created.  He received an honorable mention from L. Ron Hubbard’s Writers of the Future for a short story.  Descendent is his first novel.  Visit us at www.douglassharp.com.

