


Detective Fillbee Guards the Home Front






By G. Russell Peterman




Published by G. Russell Peterman at Smashwords
Copyright 2019 G. Russell Peterman

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retail and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Dedication

This book is dedicated to the members of the Dungeon and Dragon Saturday Club.


Table of Contents 

Introduction
Journal Entry: One –“Who killed my dog.”
Journal Entry: Two –“Who stole my apple pies?”
Journal Entry: Three –“Who stole my boy’s new Schwinn?”
Journal Entry: Four –“Deliver the dogs today!”
Journal Entry: Five –“Help me on Dairy Day.”
Journal Entry: Six –“Who stole my ration book?”
Journal Entry: Seven –“A new toy.”
Journal Entry: Eight –“Who’s stealing my eggs?”
Journal Entry: Nine –“What’s getting in my sweet corn?”
Journal Entry: Ten –“Get him out!”
Journal Entry: Eleven –“The poor thing is lost.”
Journal Entry: Twelve –“Wana see a free movie?”
Journal Entry: Thirteen –“We can’t find it.”
Journal Entry: Fourteen –“Someone’s been driving in my pasture?”
Journal Entry: Fifteen –“Who stole my barrels?”
Journal Entry: Sixteen –“You’ve got a call.”
Journal Entry: Seventeen –“Who has been driving around the infield?”
Journal Entry: Eighteen –“I saw a stray dog.”
Journal Entry: Nineteen –“The Sheriff wants pictures.”
Journal Entry: Twenty –“You busy?”
Journal Entry: Twenty-one –“You’ve a message.”
Author note:
Other books by the author


Detective Fillbee Guards the Home Front

Introduction

My name, Phillip Wyatt Belakaphski (Bella-cap-ski), is a difficult name for some people to say. Ministers, Youth Group leaders, and teachers say “Phil” add a “B” and hesitate as they struggle to sound out my last name. The other kids called me “Phil...B.” In the third grade, chubby freckled giggly Ruth Swenson wrote “Fill Bee” as it sounds in a passed note to Gloria Lundeen. It became my nickname. Usage shortened it by loosing the space between to create “Fillbee.” Sometime after Christmas in the fourth grade, I started writing it on my papers. In fifth grade, Fillbee was on my report card. Growing up I developed a passion for drawing faces, photography and reading detective stories.
I graduated early at sixteen. Mom, Pop, and Mrs. Woodside agreed that I should enroll early in first grade. Successful in school, Mrs. Woodside promotes me from grade five to grade seven, skipping sixth grade.
Being the youngest in class with a left leg an inch shorter, school sports were not possible. My greatest achievement was serving as Photography Club Vice President during my senior year.
With World War II active on two fronts, I graduated 11th in my class of 37. Most men of military age, including my classmates, are or will be involved in the war effort. I have a world map on corkboard in my bedroom and follow the war by sticking in a mentioned place a straight pin borrowed from Mom’s sewing box.
On Wednesday May 19, 1943, I walked across the stage to collect my diploma in a Minnesota town, Battle Lake, named for a famous battle between two Indian tribes, Ojibway and Sioux. My graduation was seven days after U.S. armed forces landed at Attu to drive the Japanese out of the Aleutian Islands off Alaska, six days after the last battle that drove the Germans and Italians out of North Africa and the day of the dam buster raid into the German Ruhr to breach two of the three dams attacked.
Always one to prepare, in January I ask around for a job after graduation. Every owner or boss said, “You’re too young ... Can’t hire you.” At more than a dozen places in Battle Lake, two in Underwood, one in Henning, and six in Fergus Falls they said that. A few made me feel better about it when they added, “Too much heavy lifting.” I only lack a sixteenth of an inch from being 5-foot, 4-inches tall and weigh 118 pounds. It did not help that Mom tells everyone, “He’s so young.”
Next, I thought the war needed me. I volunteered for the draft, wanted and expected to do my part after graduation. Pop gave me a signed permission letter to join. On Saturday, 10 April, I rode on a special bus with nine Battle Lake, two Henning, three Clitherall, six Wadena and two Underwood area men seventeen miles west to Fergus Falls for a military physical. An Army Doctor discovered what I already knew. I have a left leg one inch shorter than the right one. He said it limited my physical activities and marked my paper 4F. Three weeks later, I received a thanks but no thanks letter about it ending my military career.
I like meeting new people. My biggest failing is I think I can do everything.
Reading crime magazines and Detective novels led me to apply and complete the state, county, and town paperwork to open “Fillbee Detective Agency.” My first jobs as a detective were taking pictures of damages to cars, fences, crops, and buildings for insurance claims. To reduce costs, I develop film and pictures in our basement and earned $4.82 in the month of April. I need more income.
With my parents help, I landed a part-time job as Ottertail County District Nine Dogcatcher starting 1 May. It pays six dollars a month and a dollar per dog. Very few people complained about stray dogs. The check for May was $9, a three-dog month thanks to family, friends and relatives being watchful. A first two-month income of $18.26 was not enough for independent living.
On our enclosed front porch, Pop helps me carry in an old oak desk, end table, chair, and daybed purchased at yard sales for $9.14. I help Pop carry their things out to the storage shed in back. Mom, Pop, and I created an office. I worry about a monthly phone bill on my income.
To help me get started, Mom pays for an eight-week ad in the wanted column of the Battle Lake Review at $1.25 a week. It said, “Fillbee Detective, reasonable rates.” Mom whispers, “You can keep it going or let it end. You’re choice.”
Pop paid the installation costs and first month telephone bill. He tells me, “If you cannot pay the next one, it gets removed.”
Mom hands me a new thick journal and suggests, “Write down your cases while they are fresh in your mind. You might need that information later if a case goes to court.” It was good advice. I decided not to write about stray dogs or pictures taken for insurance claims, but limited the journal to detective cases.


Journal Entry: One
“Who killed my dog?”

After a late 7:30 June 3 Wednesday night spaghetti and meatball supper with Mom, I step out into my office, the enclosed front porch of my parent’s house. Trying hard to be a big adult, I carry an after supper cup of hot green tea doctored with one lump of sugar and a generous dash of half-and-half cream. Sitting on my daybed couch that doubles as a throw the bolster on the floor bed, I am entertained by an evening sky with a blood red cloud streak half across just above the tree line. It starts me struggling to remember “Sailor take warning.” Is that red streak an omen of trouble?
My trucker-widow mother’s tasty spaghetti and meatballs caused me to eat too much. To ease my discomfort, my fingers loosen my belt a notch. It seemed funny to me that Mom thought of herself as a trucker-widow whenever Pop is off delivering another semi, tractor-trailer, load of butter. Back only two days from Chicago, The Creamery Association in Fergus Falls sent Pop to deliver a load of unsalted butter to St. Louis.
Behind me in the kitchen, Mom was frustrated working on filling out rationing requests for the number of ration books she needs. Each form has to be completed by this Friday and mailed to the OPA War Ration Board in Fergus Falls. The Ration Board sends us ration books with stamps and Mom has to give the grocer a stamp for each rationed item she buys. She was hurrying to finish the paperwork.
Things rationed in Nine Ration Books are sugar, typewriters, gasoline, fuel oil, tires, bicycles, footwear, silk, nylon, stoves, meat, lard, shortening, cheese, butter, margarine, canned or frozen processed foods, dried fruits and fruit butter, canned milk, firewood and coal, jams and jellies. To stop price gouging the OPA, Office of Price Administration, requires businesses post listed price ceilings for products. It is odd that if you buy a new car the dealer gives you a No. 7 book with stamps to purchase two gallons of gas. Our household was limited to stamps for up to 5 gallons a week. Because I operate a business, Mom fills out the paper work for my gas, oil, battery, and tire stamps too.
To save gas, the government in Washington set the wartime speed limit on US highways at 35. Most states did to, but a few like Minnesota did not. Wartime speed limit on Minnesota state highways was set at 45.
When a person’s stamps were gone, Mom and everyone else hunt for others to buy from that have extra at a higher price. The five women on our party line share surpluses to cover most shortages. It gets complicated for each stamp has a serial number. To buy a pound of sugar requires stamp number 30 from Book 4.
Money in my new business was in short supply and I hate to ask Mom or Pop for more. Free office-space on my parent’s closed in front porch does help, as did my parents letting me continue to drive their old black four-door 1936 Ford as I had during the last year of High School. My only monthly expenses are a $2.89 party-line telephone bill and gas for the Ford. At this moment, I have $1.28 in my pocket, three-dollars and change in my desk drawer, six $10 war bonds bought with my graduation money in the family safe, a three-quarter tank of gas, and an extra quart of 30-weight oil. Neither dog catching nor detective work looks like a moneymaker. I need better cases and more lost dogs.
In the middle of a third sip of tea staring at a red evening sky and starting to feel sorry for myself, my phone for the first time rings two longs and two shorts—my number. Mom and Pop’s number was two longs and one short. Pressing the receiver to my ear, a loud angry gruff voice says, “Who killed my dog?”
Yanking the receiver away from my ear to protect my eardrums, I ask, “Who is this?”
“Monroe Ludstrum, Main Street, Vining, across from the Creamery and Ludstrum Furniture building is behind my house.”
“Are you calling from Vining?”
“Where else would I be. A few minutes ago, a black car raced around the curve at the end of my property and up the town road between the Vining Creamery and us. It hit my old dog Speckles and turned on the highway toward Henning. I know Speckles was getting old and slow, should not have been laying in the road, but the driver made no effort to try to miss my English Setter!”
“Do you want to hire me to find out who hit your dog,” I ask.
“No ... I want to hire you to find out who killed my dog.”
“I’ll be out in the morning.”
“Fillbee, you’ll be out of your Battle Lake office on Olaf Street and over here in less than a half-hour or no fee.”
“It is 8:27 and getting dark.”
“Bring a flashlight, Fillbee,” the voice shouts and the call ends with a click.
Needing money was a constant nagging thing for me, and I was glad to get a case, any case. Standing, I tighten my belt a notch and out of habit straighten frames of my draft board 4-F letter, Minnesota Detective Certificate, and Battle Lake Merchant’s license with my real name on each.
Picking up the keys to Pop’s old 4-door black 1936 Ford, I straighten up my 5-foot-4 frame and head for the door in my rolling walk. My shorter left leg wears a shoe with a thick rubber sole. I try not to shuffle, but fail.
Forgetting, I returning to my desk and pick up the phone. My fingers give it one long crank for operator. When I hear a woman say, “Yes,” I speak.
“Margaret, transfer my calls to Monroe Ludstrum, Vining.”
“Okay, Fillbee,” answers my Aunt Margaret Bjork, Pop’s youngest sister, as she always does. It is helpful having the switchboard operator as my private messenger service free of charge.
On the way on Highway 210, the old ’36 Ford’s speedometer crowds the Minnesota state wartime speed limit of 45 miles per hour. Driving down a tunnel of yellow car light, the radio announces war news between songs. The Germans pulled most of their U-boats out of the North Atlantic due to heavy loses.
In Vinning, I put the car lights on the dead dog. Stepping out, I carry my wooden Detective supply crate. Using my magnifying glass, I find clues for two paper lunch sacks turned into evidence sacks, two chips of dark blue paint on the dog’s fur and one chunk and five slivers of broken headlight. While studying a clear tire tread print in a damp place, Monroe Ludstrum steps outside.
“Who did it?” he asks gruffly.
“I don’t know. It was a dark blue car with a broken driver side headlight.”
“That doesn’t tell me much.”
“Nor me.”
“I thought it was black.”
“It was dark blue but looked black at night. I’ll check the repair shops in the area. I might get lucky. Could I make a cast of this track?”
“Sure, not much traffic. I’ll set an old chair over it.”
“Thanks. I’ll be back at first light to collect the cast and start telephoning repair shops.”
Instead of a backseat that is in Pop’s storage shed, my 1936 Ford has a dog cage, two-section catchpole, and detective supply crate. Taking out a small foot-square frame, I place it over an unusual spot where two tread rows are joined by a half inch of rubber, a factory mistake. In my old dented bucket, I mix a scoop of plaster and little water from an old vinegar jug. Carefully, I pour the mixture in the frame and gently use my small mixing board to level the top.
Mister Lystrom walks off to his shop for a chair.
Wiping the mixing board on the grass, I leave it beside the frame to dry.
Returning he says, “Use this,” handing me an old paint-chipped white wooden chair.
“Thanks,” I tell him carefully placing the old chair’s legs over the frame.
“I hope you get him. If I get the chance, I want to know who he is and tell him a thing or two. At least, I’ll talk about him down at Bixby on Tuesday’s cribbage night.”
“Mister Ludstrum, I get six dollar if I solve the case and two dollars a workday while working on it and no charge on weekends.”
“Agreed ... Good luck.”
“Thanks,” I say stepping in and closing the car door. Starting the motor, I shift gears, look both ways and back half-around preparing to drive back on Highway 210. Before I can start forward the front door opens.
Mrs. Alma Ludstrum steps outside and yells, “Fillbee ... Telephone!”
Leaving my car crossways in the road, I turn off the ignition, get out, and hurry inside to answer it with Mr. and Mrs. Ludstrum listening.
“Phillip Wyatt Belakaphski,” a commanding voice asks.
“Speaking,” I reply.
“I am U.S. Marshal Venire in St. Cloud. The local police reported a dead body in the county road ditch right-of-way outside of Glendalough Game Farm, 1,900 plus acres owned by the Minneapolis Star and Tribune. All of my deputies are out on assignments. It will take six hours for me to get there because I cannot leave the office for more than an hour. Until I get there, I authorize you to represent my office. Anyone questioning your statement may call me and send your bill to my office for payment. Will you take on this task?”
“I am honored, Marshal Venire, to represent your office until you can get on site. Folks call me Fillbee ... just as it sounds. The words “fill” and “bee” jammed together.”
“Thanks, Fillbee,” and the line clicks.
I know Margaret is listening in, but I tell her, “The U.S. Marshal wants me to look over the site of a dead man north of West Battle Lake.”
“Big case,” Aunt Margaret asks.
“Uh-ah ... first one,” I blurt out hanging up the phone and hurrying out.
Down Highway 210, I push the old 1936 Ford past the wartime speed limit until the needle on the speedometer touches sixty, a mile a minute. In the dark, it feels like I am driving a racecar down a headlight tunnel. Wadena’s Country Music station gives the war news. Fighting still goes on in Guadalcanal and all enemy Jap resistance in the Aleutian Islands off Alaska ends. They are retreating.
After nine exciting miles, I slow for the turn and gun it again for the half-mile run up Highway 78. Where it changes into Lake Street, a city-limit sign says “Battle Lake 623” but each summer that doubles or triples. I slow to forty-five crossing the railroad tracks. 
The tourist promotional handouts and ads claim Battle Lake is in the center of 1,001 lakes. Each summer, vacationing tourists flock to town and area resorts.
On Lake Street, the old ’36 Ford climbs the ridge the town sits on that old Otis Hamrick calls a “Hog Back” and down the other side. I leave Battle Lake on Highway 78 and bypass the turn off to Lakeshore Drive doing sixty. A half-mile beyond with the first of a chain of Sliver Lakes on the west, I look for a gravel road east. Seeing it, I slow, turn to stir up a dust cloud for about a mile and a half to a T-junction. Turning south, I drive along the western boundary of Glendalough Game Farm toward the entrance. In front of me, I see five car lights and slow.
Closer, I drive over the gravel roll and off on the grass, stop, turn off the ignition, pull my flashlight out of the glove box, stick tweezers and three evidence sacks in my pocket and step out. I walk across to stand near the edge and wait for a frowning Sheriff to look again my way.
Reluctantly Arthur J. Hoberg, Sheriff of Ottertail County steps away from three deputies and a State Troop. He speaks sharply to me.
“You’re not suppose to be here ... No sight seeing, Fillbee!”
“I represent U.S. Marshal Venire of the St. Cloud office. You may call him for verification. He will be in his office for the next hour.”
“Adrian, check his story.”
“Fillbee, until then stay put, move a step closer and I’ll cuff you.”
A pointed at Deputy returns to his patrol car and speaks into the radio, as does the State Trooper. The photographer starts taking pictures of the scene.
For two long minutes, I stand watching flash bulbs explode before the deputy whispers something to Sheriff Hoberg. The State Trooper nods that it is correct. Sheriff Hoberg turns to wave me forward saying, “You’re cleared.”
Walking up I pull my notebook and pencil out of my pocket asking, “Has the body been moved ... Has any evidence been removed and tagged.” Both the state trooper and the sheriff shake their heads. Before me, lays a 5-foot-6 black-haired dead man of about thirty facedown and shot in the back twice. The bloody corpse is dressed as a farmer or lumberjack in red and brown check cotton shirt, Levis, and lace-up boots.
“The boots do not show any wear on the inside from wearing climbers. This man was not shot here. There is no blood on the grass. I believe either he was dumped after leaving Battle Lake or before he got there.”
Heads nod.
Feeling more assertive, I order, “Empty his back pockets for evidence. Scrape and brush his boots for residue. Cut a piece of bloody shirt for blood typing.”
The deputies set to work after their boss nods.
When they finish, I ask, “Can we turn the body over and photograph it too.”
Deputies at the head, foot and middle slowly roll the corpse over. They step back. The photographer takes pictures of the face, full body shots from the head down and from the feet up, and the grass he laid on.
As the photographer steps away, I ask, “Can we empty pockets and clean fingernails. He fell forward when shot, look for residue not found here. Maybe we can locate the area.” They get to work. I start drawing a picture of the face, clean-shaven except for a small thin well-trimmed mustache.
When I finish my pencil sketch of the face, Sheriff Hoberg looks at it.
“Pretty good ... I did not know you could do that. I may call on you some time.”
“Any time ... I’ll be glad to help for a 5 dollar fee. I draw animals and vehicles too.” I slip my notebook back in my pocket and take out two small evidence sacks and tweezers. Walking over I pick up a small piece of blue paint from behind the buckle on his brown leather belt that rubbed against the car that carried the body here. 
I order, “Scrape the buckle and area around for dark blue chips of paint.”
Walking up and down the gravel looking, moving my flashlight back and forth, something shines. I find in the gravel one small inch long slightly curving sliver of broken headlight. I smile for I had two clues: blue paint and headlight glass. In addition, I believe I have a tire print cast of the car and a witness. Turning my two evidence sacks over to the Sheriff, I announce, “It was a dark blue Packard.”
An hour later, the ambulance and coroner arrive. They officially declare the body lifeless and load it for the morgue in Fergus Falls for an autopsy. I take a last look around in the grass and find nothing. They drive west toward Battle Lake following the ambulance. Instead, I point my old 1936 Ford north to drive around Glendalough Game Farm and go east.
On the other side of Glendalough, a road goes south between West and East Battle Lakes to the town of Clitherall. After a few minutes of looking in the gravel with my flashlight, I find no tracks going south. I continue on, for Monroe Ludstrum said he drove toward Henning. Going that way, he probably took the closest gravel road around East Battle Lake and then Glendalough Game Farm before dumping the body. I did not see any skid marks on the next two roads and realize he slowed to turn. Which one he took I do not have a clue.
Through Henning, I turn back west on U.S. Highway 210 and turn off in Vining. Driving slowly past the chair over my cast, I notice the body of the dog is gone and continue down past the Ludstrum Furniture Building specializing in custom furniture, cabinets and skis. Down past his acre cucumber patch picked to sell to the pickle factory in Henning, I slowly take the curve and see tire skid marks in the gravel. I follow corner skid marks through Vining to road number 40. Slowly, I drive south. Car skid marks turn west on the old Vining-Clitherall Road, now the back way to Old Town Camp south of Clitherall.
I pull over under an elm tree in an encampment started by a band of Mormon from Iowa traveling through the area after the Civil War on the “North Ox Trail.” When Minnesota Highway Department built the new concrete all weather Highway 210, Clitheral moved the town north to be on the new road.
Across from Lake Clitherall Store, I scoot over in the passenger seat and doze.
At first light, Clarence Rudder opens his store. Inside, I show Clarence the picture.
“I think that’s the man that rented cabin 4 for two weeks. Yesterday afternoon, a tall stocky black bearded fellow about six-foot tall came asking for Henry Carns. I told him cabin number 4. Out of that window,” Clarence points to a rear window looking down a gravel path in front of a line of eight cabins, “I see my renter hand him a magazine. When he opens it, I can see it was a New Yorker Magazine. The man leafs to a special page and looks pleased. In a few minutes, he and Carns leave in his car, a dark blue two-door ‘40 model Packard with Iowa plates.”
“Clarence, don’t be saying anything about this ... police business. U.S. Marshal Venire or one of his deputies will be around looking and talking to you.”
“Serious,” Clarence asks.
“One dead man and a dead dog serious,” I reply.
I ask to use his phone for according to my watch Margaret has just gotten to the switchboard. She tells me that no one has called. Believing the Marshal tied up in a trial, I get out my drawing equipment. From my facial features book, Clarence selects his hair, beard, eyes, eyebrows, nose, mouth, chin, and face shape. For an hour, I draw, erase with my gum eraser, and draw again as Clarence makes helpful suggestions until he declares it finished.
“By doggie, that’s it.”
“Thanks, Clarence. I’ll give this to Marshal Venire. I’ll go home and wait his arrival.”
Instead, on 210 I turn east to get my plaster cast, but dare not tell Monroe Ludstrum too much. I should not have worried.
I knocked on the door and Mrs. Ludstrum opens it.
“I’ve come for the cast,” I said setting the chair on the porch next to the front door.
“Good. Monroe is busy sawing pieces of white oak for an ordered three-drawer dresser,” Mrs. Ludstrum tells me brushing a loose gray hair back.
“Tell him I have leads to follow and will call him later.”
She nods and smiles as she closes the door.
I hurry out and point the old ’36 Ford back down 210 to Battle Lake.
Back home, I gathered in my office my evidence and write my report in pencil. With cross-outs and erasures, it ran to the top of page three. I sign and date it. To be sure it did not get lost I put it in Mom and Pop’s safe in the basement and my plaster cast evidence in a cardboard box on top. Upstairs on my daybed just as my eyes close, the phone rings.
“This is Marshal Venire. What have you got?”
“Bits and pieces is all, Marshal. The dead man Henry Carns rented cabin 4 for two weeks in Old Town Camp Clitherall, four miles east. Another unnamed man, a black bearded man about six-feet tall came asking for Henry Carns. Our dead man hands him a New Yorker Magazine. He turned it to a certain page, and seemed pleased to get it. Both left in a dark blue car. Two witnesses think it was a dark blue two-door ’40 model Packard. They drove the old road to Vining. Somewhere along that trip, Carns was shot in the back twice and put in the backseat or trunk for he had dark blue paint chips behind his belt buckle. The bearded driver hit and killed Monroe Ludstrum’s dog in Vining and turned toward Henning on 210. I made a cast of the tire tread. The killer drove around East Battle Lake and Glendalough Game Farm before dumping the body in the ditch outside of the entrance to Glendalough. After that, I think he drove on through Battle Lake. I have drawn facial sketches of both men for my report.”
“Terrific job, Phillip B....”
“Just call me Fillbee ... spelled capital F, i, l, l no space and b, e, e  ... everyone does.”
“Fillbee, bad news, I am tangled up here with a trial for another day or two. You will have to hold down the fort. Keep the sheriff informed.”
“I will do ... Fillbee out.”
The phone clicks and I went down to get my two drawn pictures to make a second and a third copy of each picture. Not having time to drive over and back I scribble a few lines about what I had found and included both sketches. I mail it to Sheriff Hoberg.
Armed with sketches I start asking people at the places that rent rooms along North Shore Drive and came up empty. At the edge of Battle Lake at McQuiston Beach House and Cabins, I hit pay dirt. The black-bearded killer rented Cabin 11 for a week and ate his meal uptown. I told McKinley McQuiston not to clean or rent that cabin until U.S. Marshal Venire or one of his deputies looks at it. He agreed.
Uptown I found out he ate meals at the Battle Lake Hotel and ask Harold Herrick to tell me the names of the servers on duty.
 Three hours and sixteen phone calls later, Joe Meyers the day operator of Ashby Texaco Station remembers selling a tank full of gas to a black-bearded man about six-feet tall driving a dark blue two-door ’40 model Packard. His offer to replace the broken headlight refused, the man drove off toward Fergus Falls.
I called Marshal Venire. “Marshal, our bearded man bought a full tank of gas at the Texaco in Ashby and headed north up U.S. 82 toward Fergus Falls. I think our man is trying for Canada. Do you have anyone that could intercept a dark blue two door ’40 model Packard with a broken driver-side headlight?”
“Great work. I’ll alert the Fargo, Moorhead, and Grand Forks police. As luck would have it, I had a deputy out serving papers yesterday in Valley City, North Dakota ninety miles away. If, Eugene Davis left this morning, he should be more than halfway back to Grand Forks. Our office will alert him by radio. If he drives the U.S. highway wartime speed limit of 35, Davis will have time. Thanks ... great work. I’ve gotta go.”
The phone clicks and I start figuring bills. I charge Monroe Ludstrum only $2 dollars. To Marshal Venire I charge $2 dollars for one day even though it was the same day, but a different case. I charged $10 for two pictures, six dollars for solving the case and invented two new charges: fifty cents for mailing and $4 dollars for duplicate reports.
It was going to be a good June 1943 for I put a stamp on an envelope addressed to Monroe Ludstrum with a bill for $2 dollars and a copy of my picture of the driver. My note said the driver had a dead man in the trunk and the police are trying to catch him at Grand Forks for murder.
My addressed envelope to Marshal Venire held a $20.50 bill for the thick three-stamp report mailed to him and another to Sheriff Hoberg. Both took two big 8x10 manila envelopes.
Leaning back on my daybed smiling over a $22.50 day, I blurt out to the empty office, “I’m a detective.”
Three days later U.S. Marshal Venire calls.
“We stopped him just south of Grand Forks. In the shoot-out Helmut Muller aka Willard Willis aka George Adamson aka Brent Johston died. In the New Yorker magazine, on page 27 a math equation. The OSS people tell me it has something to with the Manhattan Project, whatever that is. Well, I gotta go. I may call on you again. It was super terrific work and the bill small. I have arranged with the OPA to send you double gas stamps and an on duty police wartime speed limit exception card. Thanks.”
“Thanks, Marshal. I’ll be looking forward to your call.”
“Be talking with you,” and the phone clicks.
For a long moment, I stare at the phone. His compliment made me grin and the comments about the OPA made me nod my head.


Journal Entry: Two
“Who stole my apple pies?”

After two days of mowing yard, hoeing garden and cleaning garage, I gave myself a day off. Collecting last week’s newspapers, I head out to my front porch office. I re-read stories of interest first in the Minneapolis Star Tribune and then the St. Paul Pioneer Press Sunday papers. I do willing admit spending too much time on the funnies.
Later, looking around the office it amazed me to see scattered pages of the Sunday papers. On top of this litter, I had tossed five days of Fergus Falls Daily Journal, the weekly Battle Lake Review and Wadena Pioneer Journal.
Noticing my floor litter, Mom yells, “Clean up that mess.”
Collecting pages, I start sorting them on my daybed. Working on the mess, it dawns on me that all except the two weekly newspapers reported a missing St. Paul teenage girl, Lois Mannford the lone heir to the Mannford estate. Riding with her Uncle Karl and Aunt Helda Tarbet on the way to visit relatives in Grand Forks, they stop in Fergus Falls for gas and lunch. The thirteen-year-old girl asks to go outside and walk around the car. They never see her again. State troopers and Ottertail County police are searching for her.
Only half-finished sorting, the phone rings two longs and two shorts. A deep almost gravelly woman’s voice that I recognized asks, “Who stole my apple pies?”
“Mrs. Henerietta Covenhaven?”
“Yes.”
“What did you say they stole, Mrs. Covenhaven?”
“Apple pies ... One yesterday and one today. I’m cooking pies for my West Battle Lake Quilters to sell tomorrow at Underwood’s Founder’s Day Festive. I do it every year and will do it again for Dairy Day. We need to pay the rent on Bill Wilson’s building.”
“Are you at home, Mrs. Covenhaven?”
“Yes.”
“I’ll be right over.”
“Good,” her gravely voice says and the phone clicks.
On the way out, again the phone rings.
“Fillbee, find my cat,” orders a soft almost shy woman’s voice.
“Who is this and what does the cat look like.”
“This is Mrs. Vergie Staatsdrucker at Washington and Bowman. Henry is black and white. He’s been gone two days.”
“Alright, Mrs. Staatsdrucker, I’ll look around.”
“Thanks,” and the phone clicks.
Still wondering how to find a missing cat and an apple pie thief, I stand to pedal my Western Flyer bike uphill. Some jealous people call the hill where most of the wealthiest people of Battle Lake live “Snob Hill” and others not so jealous “The Bluff.” Standing my bike on its kickstand, the front door opens.
Sweaty faced Mrs. Covenhaven steps outside wearing a flowery pink apron with a flour-smudge on her right cheek. She points round the corner and walks that way.
I follow her to the two rear-corner windows outside her kitchen overlooking West Battle Lake, a grand view while cooking and washing dishes.
Turning, Mrs. Covenhaven points at the open windows. “My oven can bake four pies at a time. I put them out on these windowsills to cool while I bake four more. Yesterday and today, I went to collect cool pies for storage containers and found only three. Someone stole a pie yesterday and another today. Find out who did it!”
“I will Mrs. Covenhaven.”
“Good. Now, if you will excuse me I’ve pies in the oven. I promised twelve. With only ten pies, I’ll have to bake two more.”
I nod. Looking at the ground, I glance up as she walks away around the corner. In the grass beneath this window and the other, small crushed spots. From the size and condition, I guess a child or small person. Looking around the yard and along the edge of the bluff over West Battle Lake, I cannot resist pausing to count eleven boats and a dozen people swimming or laying on towels on the sandy beach of the public swimming area.
Returning to my case, I start down the concrete stairs down the bluff looking for signs. On the first landing where the highest Indian Trail footpaths cross, I see pieces of piecrusts. On the second landing, off in the brushes below the footpath on the left side two empty pie tins.
I wondered if this pie case fits in with the story all three paper carried about a runaway teenage girl. She and her guardians left St. Paul to visit friends in St. Cloud and more in Grand Forks. In Fergus, the girl disappears, might have hitch a ride on a truck. The pie thief could be the girl, a bum, or a local boy.
Leaving the pie tins on the landing, I continue down. On the third and lowest landing, I find nothing on either side Indian Trail and continue down. At the bottom, I walk around three sides of Doctor Covenhaven’s boathouse. The side-door is unlocked. As I pull the door open, a black and white cat darts out. Standing in the open doorway, I grin over watching Henry run up the lakeshore footpath toward home. Inside behind me, I hear a rustle of canvas. It sounds like it came from Doctor Covenhaven’s favorite blue boat covered with a canvas to keep the dust off it. I lift a corner and speak softy trying not to frighten.
“Lois, I won’t hurt you ... come out, I can help.”
For a moment, nothing happens. I lift the corner higher to see brown shoes, pink anklets, a pair of thin bare lower legs and brown plaid skirt hem.
A timid high-pitched voice squeals, “How did you know it was me?”
“You’re in the papers.”
“I am,” answers Lois in surprise.
“Every one.”
“I did not think anyone except Uncle Karl and Aunt Helda would notice.”
“Everyone noticed. We have to talk to Mrs. Covenhaven about how sorry you are about her pies.”
“I was starving. I only took one.”
“In truth, you took one each day for a total of two. After we explain about the pies, we will walk home and you can meet my mother. She’s a good cook and we have an empty room. When you are rested, fed, and feel safe we can talk about why you ran away.”
“Okay,” Lois says and crawls out.
It surprised me how little she looked.
Understanding my expression, Lois tells me, “I’m short for my age.”
We walk up the concrete steps pausing briefly on each landing. I retrieve the pie tins and knock on Mrs. Covenhaven’s backdoor.
The door opens. Mrs. Covenhaven frowns staring at the girl.
“I found your thief. Lois ran away and was hungry. She’s sorry,” I said handing over the two empty pie tins.
“We won’t need the police. Should I feed her,” asks a puzzled Mrs. Covenhaven.
“No, Lois will stay at our place. Mom loves to cook.”
“Thanks Fillbee,” Mrs. Covenhaven says closing the door.
Knowing that if I call the police Lois will end up back home and run away again, we walk around the house. Pushing my bike, we walk home and talk along the way. Mom makes a fuss over Lois. Back in my office, I lift the receiver and tell Margaret I want to talk to Mrs. Staatsdrucker.”
“Hello.”
“Mrs. Staatsdrucker.”
“Yes.”
“This is Fillbee, I saw Henry on the Indian Trails along the Bluff. He was headed home. Is he there?”
“Came in five minutes ago meowing for food. I fed him and he cleaned it up like he had not eaten in two day.”
“It is my guess he got shut up some place. When the door opened, Henry darted out.”
“Sorry to put you to the trouble, Fillbee.”
“No trouble and no charge.”
“Thanks,” and the phone clicks.
Hanging up the phone, Mom offers Ice Tea and I accept. Sipping and staring at my unfinished stack of papers was not relaxing. I work again on my created task. Paused to carry my empty glass into the kitchen and on the way back to finish newspaper sorting, the phone rings.
Picking up the receiver an old man’s voice asks, “Fillbee?”
“Speaking. Who is this?”
“Monroe Irby, Fillbee. There is a big red and white milk cow in my garden eating my sweet corn.”
“You’re on Langen Street West.”
“Have been for forty-three years.”
“I know the place ... be right over.”
“Thanks,” and the phone clicks.
Outside pedaling my bike, I am certain the cow describe to be an Ayrshire. The only local farm that has that Scottish breed is the Wilbores Farm at the west end of that dead-end road. In fact, the cul-de-sac is in their farmhouse’s front yard.
At the Irby place, I lean my Western Flyer against a tall oak tree in his front yard. Mr. Irby steps out to wave his cane at the cow in his fenced acre garden.
I yell, “I’ll chase it back to Wilbores. You may want to collect damages.”
He nods, leaning on his cane to watch.
Slowly not to scare the cow, I open the double tractor-gate and walk in the open smaller single gate. One of the corn stalks is broken off. I pick it up and wave it at the Ayrshire. Staring at me, the large cow decides she does not like that. Before the cow can decide to lower her head and charge, I yell and step quickly forward. The Ayrshire whirls and rushes out the double gate large udders flapping. I follow to keep her headed down the road. Mr. Irby waves and steps inside as I pass.
Twenty minutes later, the cow and I cross the cattle guard at Wilbores Farm. After chasing the cow into the barn lot, I knock on the front door.
Mrs. Grace Wilbores opens it.
“Mrs. Wilbores, your cow, an Ayrshire, was in Mister Irby’s garden eating his sweet corn. I don’t know if that is harmful to a cow, but I was surprised she walked down the middle board across your cattle-guard.”
“I’ll tell my husband. His uncle Wallis told him months ago when he had it out repairing the thing that the middle board was supposed to be on the bottom not the top. This should get him off the dime. Thanks, Fillbee.”
I nod, turning around to walk back to Irby’s and my bike.
As I kick up the kickstand and start lifting a foot, Mr. Irby steps out to yell, “Thanks Fillbee. What do I owe you?”
“A watermelon when those green-striped ones in your patch ripen,” I reply swinging a leg over to catch the outside pedal, and start home.
“You pick it,” he yells and waves as I pedal past.
At home, Lois has eaten, talked to Mom and is asleep in my old room upstairs. Mom warms my bowl of stew and I generously butter an extra thick slice of her homemade bread. While I eat, Mom tells me Lois’ story.
“It seems her parents died in a car accident. The court appointed her Uncle Karl and Aunt Helda Tarbet to be her guardians and take care of the estate and grounds. A Mr. Otis Miller manages the family refrigerator factory converted to making Army hand-held radios, the soldiers call ‘walkie-talkies.’ His wife, Mrs. Scarlet Miller manages the family lease and rental properties. Mr. George Ross is the estate appointed lawyer. Lois was curious; no one would tell her anything. They just said, ‘Later, when you’re older.’
Desperate to know, Lois uses cook Mandy Goold’s trick of using rubber bands to hold up the arm of the intercom-receiver in the dinning room, parlor, and kitchen. While Mandy was off at the butchers, Lois listens in the kitchen. She hears Mr. and Mrs. Miller, Mr. Ross, Uncle Karl and Aunt Helda Tarbet in the parlor talking about how each of them can skim-off more money, double their three hundred a month.
Lois did not know anyone to tell except one of her grandparents. She wants to go to East Troy, thirty miles southwest of Milwaukee, Wisconsin to live with Mr. and Mrs. Selden, her grandparents on her mother’s side. Mr. Selden a retired CPA (Certified Public Accountant) will know what to do to guard her inheritance.”
For a long moment, I wonder how we can get her there. We cannot put her on the train or bus. Then, it hit me ... Buster Baulstone. “Does Buster still have that truck with the ‘Coffin Box’ or ‘Sleeper Box’ behind the cab?”
“Last I heard he did and still drives for Fargo-Moorhead Trucking.”
“Can Buster get a run to Milwaukee, stop here, pick up Lois, and let her ride in the sleeper cab?”
“I’ll call and ask.”
Two hours later just as Lois was waking up, Mom got through to Buster. They talk about a package and Mom smiles giving me the thumb-up sign. I hand sleepy Lois a glass of orange juice.
When Mom finishes, she tells Lois, “My cousin Buster drives a truck. It has a sleeper cab. He will stop here when he gets a load to haul to Milwaukee to pick up a package for me. You are that package. You can ride in his sleeper to Grandma and Grandpa Selden.”
I add, “Lois, his sleeper cab has one window, about twenty inches wide and five inches high with a mattress, blanket and pillow. The bed is as long as the truck cab is wide. He will call back when he gets a load.”
Lois smiles and hugs both of us.
Monday, I trim mow and help weed flowerbeds. Lois stays inside out of sight. Mom dyes Lois’ yellow-blonde hair brown. Mom hunts in boxes for some of my old clothes to give Lois a tomboy look. About 3 o’clock, Buster calls and I listen in on my phone.
Buster tells Mom, “I am loaded, will head out in half an hour.” Using Mom’s code on the time, he says, “I’ll expect supper about dark.”
Lois is too excited to eat much. She and Mom pack a pillowcase of clothes and fix a basket of food. Two fruit-jars of water, two ham sandwiches sliced in half and wrapped in wax paper, three apples, four carrot slices, and bunch of grapes. I contributed three Superman comics, a Hershey Candy Bar, Strawberry sucker, and a piece of bubblegum.
Just after dark, a noisy tractor-trailer rig stops outside.
Lois squeals, “A big truck.” Grabbing her things, she is first out the door.
Mom and I quietly tell Buster what his package is, what has happened and why the secret travel. He grins, leads Lois around to the passenger side, lifts her up to the ladder, reaches up and opens a small door. When Lois is inside, he hands up her things.
“It’s like a cave,” Lois exclaims excitedly looking around.
“There is a hammer in there along the mattress. I cannot hear you shout inside the cab over the motor noise. If you want me to stop pound on the wall, I’ll hear that.”
Lois looks around, finds the hammer, and holds it out to show it to us.
Buster nods.
With a grin, a wave, and shouted, “Thanks,” Lois pulls the door shut.
Buster hugs Mom and whispers, “I’ll sleep on the front seat, did it for eight years before the sleeper. Once we are down the road fifty miles, I will pull over, let Lois sit up front and enjoy the scenery. We’ll eat at truck stops.” With a wink, Buster shakes my hand before climbing up in the cab and driving away.
Two days later, the telephone rings while Mom is busy getting things ready to put dinner on the table. 
Listening in on the party line, I hear Margaret say, “Will you accept a long-distant call from East Troy, Wisconsin from a Mrs. Selden.”
“Yes.”
The line clicks. A voice I guess is Mrs. Selden says, “Package arrived in good condition and is as advertised.”
Then, the phone clicks.
Looking in, Mom and I trade smiles.


Journal Entry: Three
“Who stole my boy’s new Schwinn?”

Enjoying a swim at the town beach next to Watson Lodge, lying in warm sun on my beach towel and not even a partial overcast sky could spoil it for me. It was grand to take a day off and feel proud of my successes. Pedaling home on my Western Flyer was fun, the cool feeling of wind in my wet hair, the joy of flying down and struggling up hills.
At home, dumping my wet swim things in the washtub, I hear Mom yell, “Phone.”
Rushing out to my office on the front porch, I lift the receiver to my ear.
An angry voice asks, “Who stole my boy’s new Schwinn?”
Calmly I ask, “Who is speaking?’
“George Bengtson across the street from Adkeson’s Dairy, where the old man, Silas Adkeson, bottles milk from his two boys’ farms.”
“I know the house, a big green one with a porch across the front.”
“Yes, that’s the one.
“Do I understand that your boy received a new Schwinn and someone stole it?”
“Yes, they did.”
“Mister Bengtson, what model and color.”
“Model B707 dash OS and green with yellow trim, fully loaded with those new Cycelock front wheel locks, dual headlights and horn, speedometer, carrying rack over the back fender, and I have a special front-wheel basket on back-order. It is the best one they had and cost a pretty penny.”
“I’ll run down to Ralph Jackson’s Coast to Coast store and look it up in the catalog.”
“No need. Come by the house, I’ve a couple copies. My wife Lucile or I can give you one.”
“Mister Bengtson, how did it happen?”
“It was new. My boy, Jerome, forgot to lock it and take the key. He went into the Malt Shop that Bill Risner has in his Rexall Drug store on Main for a soda and visit with friends. When he came out, his new bike was gone. He ran down to my Dry Goods Store across Main from the Red Owl Store to tell me. I send the boy home and call the police. Then, my wife calls to suggest that I call you.”
“Mister Bengtson, I will stop by for that catalog and ask around town if anyone saw someone riding a new green and yellow Schwinn.”
“Thank you. I’ve a customer,” and the phone clicks.
Needing money after donating my time to a runaway and stray cow case but proud of my efforts, I head for the old ’36 Ford. After picking up the catalog, I stop at Rexall Drug store, talk to kids in the Malt Shop and people up and down the street. No one has seen anything. I drive the ally behind businesses on that block. Next, I drive the ally on the block across Lake Street and stop of the Ice House. Gil Mudge is loading his delivery wagon. I stop and help him cover nine ice blocks with wet sawdust, but he has not seen a yellow and green bike. Gil waves as he leaves. To satisfy the kid in me, I step inside to feel the coolness.
Widening my search, I drive down to the Town Park before walking down the grassy bank to the town beach. I see and talk Tally Watson, son of the owner of the resort next to the public beach, into diving in to look on the bottom at the end of the Watson Resort’s pier. We both know boys like to drive their bikes off that pier. Diving in twice to search, Tally finds nothing. I thank him, walk back up through the park looking, drive around town, and end up turning west to drive between two Silver Lakes to the Town Dump.
There, I find eight cardboard boxes that look like new stuff with Coast-to-Coast labels. One had a catcher’s mitt in it. Loading boxes in the dog cage, trunk, and front seat, I drive behind the Coast-to-Coast store and unload them on the loading dock.
In the store, I ask Ralph Jackson, “Are you missing any stock.”
“Not that I know about, Fillbee.”
“If the boxes I put on the loading dock aren’t yours can I have them?”
Frowning, Mister Jackson says, “Let’s look.”
All eight boxes on the loading dock are his. Frowning, he asks, “Where did you say you found these.”
“Out at the dump, I was looking for a lost Schwinn.”
“Bengtson called me. It was a special order sale.”
“I thought it might be.”
Mr. Jackson points at a stack of boxes on far wall, “There my trash still sits. I will have to put up a trash sign and stack what is to go under it. My fault, the drayman took the wrong stack of boxes.”
“Problem solved. I’m off to look for a lost bike.
“Good Luck and thanks, Fillbee.”
“You’re welcome,” I tell him returning to my Ford. Unsure where to look or ask next, I think about returning home. Instead, I park near the Rexall Drug Store wishing I dared at sixteen to go inside and ask Mr. Ireland. Across the street minutes later, Lance Ireland steps outside with a bucket and squeegee to wash front windows of the Ireland Bar. Hopeful, I get out and walk across between cars.
Seeing my reflection in the glass, he turns.
I ask, “Mister Ireland did you see anyone yesterday morning on a green bike with yellow trim?”
“Yes, I did. Around mid-morning, I was out picking up trash on the vacant lot between the Battle Lake Review and me. A thin brown whiskered man I had never seen before steps out of Rexall and rides off on a new looking green and yellow bike. He rode north, lost sight of him going down Lake Street Hill.”
“The bike was stolen. Could I get you to help me draw a facial picture of the man?”
“Sure come on in.”
“I’m only sixteen,” I tell Mr. Ireland not wanting to get him or me in trouble.
“An old issue isn’t it, too young to drink. My business cannot open before eleven and my licenses states that no alcoholic beverages can be served before that time. It will be easier to work on a table is all I am offering.
“Thanks,” I sheepishly tell Mr. Ireland following him inside. Twenty minutes later, I walk out with a pencil likeness of the thief. In the car, I realize it is dinnertime and head home. Walking up to the front door, I decide on a peanut and jelly sandwich with a glass of cool milk. Going up the front steps, I smell cookies, mouth-watering molasses cookies, one of my favorites and blurt out, “Dessert.”
After finishing my sandwich and grabbing two of Mom’s still warm molasses cookies with sugar sprinkled on top, I start on the first one. In the middle of a second bite, my phone rings. I swallow before answering it calmly and professionally, “Fillbee Detective Agency, Fillbee speaking.”
“Fillbee, this is Sheriff Hoberg. All of my deputies are busy and I need to borrow a new set of eyes. I am looking for a black ’39 Oldsmobile pulling an enclosed trailer and a black ’40 Chevrolet Master Panel Van with rear fender skirts.”
“I’ll be glad to keep my eyes open for them.”
“Good ... got something to write with handy?
“I have.”
“The license plate number of the ’39 Olds is 395 dash 628 and the ’40 Chevy Panel Van is 518 dash 788.
“I’ve got that. Anything else, I’ll be out and around looking for a stolen Schwinn Bicycle.”
“It might be this group picking up new-order Schwinns. One stolen at Doran south of Breckenridge, a second one stolen a mile south of Wendell on Highway 1, and a third Schwinn from Millerville near Inspiration Peak. Who lost one in Battle Lake?
“George Bengtson the owner of the Dry Goods Store. His son rode it up to the Rexall Drug Store Malt Shop to visit with other kids. He came out and it was gone. Mister Lance Ireland across the street picking up trash saw a tall thin brown whiskered man step out of the Rexall, climb on a green with yellow trim Schwinn, and ride north. Mr. Ireland lost sight of him going downhill. Mr. Lance helped me draw a picture of the man’s face.”
“Good ... a drawing. Could I have a copy and a written report?”
“I’m going out to look around for that bike, but I’ll mail you the report when I leave the house.”
“Thanks, Hoberg out,” and the phone clicks.
I pull out a table, start making a second copy of the thief’s face, and stop several times to brush away cookie crumbs. On the way, I stop on top of the hill and walk across Lake Street to the Battle Lake Post Office.
The report mailed, I drive around to local resorts looking, but find nothing. I decide to drive north on Highway 78 as far as Ottertail Lake. On the road north, I do not see a bike or either vehicle. I pull into Belmoral gas station-store for a soda pop and a gallon of gas. There are no black vehicles parked near the gas station or by the dancehall used weekly in the summer for roller-skating. Walking up the road looking west across the road at boats on Ottertail Lake and east at Balmoral’s cabins, I search for parked black vehicles.
In the front of the last Belmoral cabin next to the woods, two black vehicles, an Olds pulling an enclosed trailer and a Chevrolet van. Walking on the edge of the road as if I am a tourist out sightseeing, I hunt a better vantage point. Stopping and looking around pretending to be a tourist, I glance through a gap in the trees at the wanted license plate numbers. Trying not to hurry, I walk back to my Ford.
Returning the empty glass soda bottle to the clerk, he opens his cash drawer. I wave off the Belmoral ten-mill return fee and head home. On the way, the radio announces at the quarter hour that the U.S will bomb German targets in the daytime and the British will bomb at night. In my office, I call Sheriff Hoberg.”
“Sheriff Office.”
“This is Fillbee in Battle Lake. May I speak to the Sheriff?”
“He’s on another line ... just a moment, Sir.”
I hold pleased that someone called me “Sir.”
A long minute later, “Sheriff Hoberg speaking ... Have you found our pigeons, Fillbee?”
“I believe I have. Out at Bemoral Camp between Lake Blanche and Ottertail Lake, I saw both vehicles parked in front of the last cabin north next to trees.
“Good, I’ve deputies serving papers at New York Mills and at Ottertail. They are investigating stolen copper. In daylight, four new Schwinn bikes stolen and, at night, copper missing in Ashby, Erhard, Dalton, Elbow Lake, Ottertail, and New York Mills. Not large amounts, but they took enough for the yard owners to notice. With the war on, people are donating metals to scrap yards. They keep two piles of everything. One donated and one purchased. It is a rotten thing to steal copper donated to the war effort and sell it down the road somewhere. I will have my two closest deputies keep an eye on those vehicles until I can get there. Both deputies will wait for me if they can. Fillbee, want me to pick you up on the way?”
“Terrific. So you don’t waste too much time, I’ll be at the corner of Main and Lake Street sitting on the front step of the Battle Lake First National Bank.”
“Great ... I’ll be there in 20 minutes.” The phone clicks.
Preparing again, I went out back to our shed. It had been Pop’s workshop, my playhouse, and now storage shed. Looking around, I hunt through rolls of half-inch rope my Pop keeps to tie down loads. I take a guessed at hundred-foot roll. Inside, I call Margaret to tell her where I will be. I left a note to Mom that only said, “Fillbee is out with Sheriff. Margaret knows where.”
I sit on the concrete front step of the bank for nine minutes before a police car turns at the Half-Mile Corner and races up Highway 78. Preparing, I stand as it slows and opens the front door as it stops.
Saying, “Hi,” I step in. 
Speeding off, a smiling Sheriff Hoberg glances at my rope coil and says, “Hi Fillbee. You gona lasso the bad guys?”
I grin and shake my head. “Sheriff, just north of that cabin are three camper hiking trails through trees. With lakes on two sides and cabins to the south, they will run north. I thought we could wrap the rope around trees and across all three paths. It might slow ‘em down.”
“Good idea, Fillbee. You and my deputies string the rope. When my police car rolls up, I’ll call out for them to step outside. They’ll run out the back. I like the plan.”
The rest of the way was quiet looking at countryside, haystacks, and a few tractors out mowing or raking hay. Saw several teams of horses pulling dump rakes and party full hay wagons beside half-finished haystacks. Just before the entrance to Belmoral Camp, the Sheriff stops.
Along the edge of the road, we walk forward to and along the trees.
Deputies Scott Tower and Virgil Ahearn step out.
Sheriff asks, “Are they still there?”
Both deputies nod.
“Fillbee has a plan. With Lake Blanche in front, Ottertail Lake across the road, other cabins south along Lake Blanche’s beach and my police car out front behind their vehicles the pair will run north. Both of you go with Fillbee and stretch his rope around trees across footpaths. One deputy at each end and, Fillbee, you stay back. Let, Scott and Virgil do the arresting. I’ll drive in, use the bullhorn to tell ‘em to come out. They’ll run and I’ll be right behind them. I will wait ten minutes while you get ready, unless they try to leave. Good luck.”
I follow Scott and Virgil north up the road and into the woods. At a place were the three hiking trails are still close together, I tie the Blanche lakeshore end around a tall Maple knee high, start walking to the next big tree, wrap the rope once around it and start for the next one. Virgil grins and takes over the task. Scott and I pull tight the rope to reduce the middle droop between trees. When the end will not reach another tree, Virgil ties it tight to a strong looking Willow. Virgil takes up station at the Lake Blanche end and Scott the end closest to the road. Ten feet from the road ditch, I hide behind an old thick trunk Maple.
In a few minutes, a police car rolls up behind the vehicles blocking any escape in them. The police car door opens. The Sheriff steps out, steps up on the running board, lifts the bullhorn up to his mouth and shouts, “You inside ... This is the Sheriff. Come out with your hands in the air.”
The backdoor slams, two bearded men run toward us into the trees. The Sheriff follows but does not try to catch them.
Both running men take a different path as if planned. Each one hits the rope, trips, and a deputy rushes up to drop a knee on their back. Scott and Virgil quickly pull arms back and cuff them.
When I can see faces, I tell Sheriff Hoberg, “That one stole the Schwinn in Battle Lake.”
“We have probable cause to arrest both of you. Your vehicle license plate numbers are known and we have a witness.”
“Put them in the backseat of my car and search vehicles and cabin. Fillbee and I will watch the prisoners.”
In the van, boxes of copper and in the trailer four new Schwinn bicycles. Two boy model bikes, one green with yellow trim and one blue with white trim. Two girl-models both red with white trim. In the cabin, they find a damming company manila envelop with a letter from a Miss Vanessa Fertig and containing copies of six area purchase agreements for Schwinn bikes and a cutout road map of Ottertail County with scrap yard towns circled in red.
Using his car radio, Sheriff Hoberg orders an arrest warrant for Miss Vanessa Fertig, 2186 East 36th Street, Apartment 6, Minneapolis. His office calls Minneapolis Police to serve the warrant. Just as I was stepping out of his car at the bank, the dispatcher reports Miss Fertig’s arrest.
At home, Mom wants to know all about it. Instead of telling it twice, I call Margaret to tell her all about it and Mom listens in on her phone. Somehow, others on our party line must have been listening for almost everyone knew about it before reading about it in the Fergus Falls Daily Journal. It pleased Mom and me greatly that in the newspaper article Sheriff Hoberg thanks the Fillbee Detective Agency for its help.
I drive down to the Dry Goods Store to tell Mister Bengtson about the arrest, hand him a copy of my report and picture of the thief. He thanks me and grins. However, the grin turns to a frown when I tell him, “Your Schwinn is evidence. After the trial, it will be returned.”
He did not seem to mind me handing him a bill, but blurts out, “Until then, I had better rush over to Coast-to-Coast and buy one of Jackon’s used ones.”


Journal Entry: Four
“Deliver the dogs today!”

Pleased with the attention the article in the newspapers gave me uptown on an early morning trip for our mail, I decide to take the day off and rest. Mom made me a cup of hot green tea just the way I like with sugar and cream. Hoping for a nap, my fingers turn the radio to an instrumental music program and reduce the volume. Sitting on my daybed couch, sipping tea, I wish for drowsiness.
My cup almost empty, eyes heavy, I put the cup on the end table and lean back against the bolster. My eyes close. The phone rings two longs and two shorts, my number. I picked up the receiver.
A loud forceful man’s voice orders, “Deliver the dogs today!”
“Who is this?”
“Commissioner Jake Olson. Did you look at your mail?”
“No not yet,” I reply grabbing both of my letters. One was a telephone bill and other looked official.
“In it will be an order for you, the local dogcatcher, to collect and deliver three young dogs to the military for training. Two are German Shepard’s 6 to 9 months old. The third one on 78 Highway is ten months, but the army said they want him too. The pay is your usual dollar a dog and that should pay for your gas.”
“I found the letter and thank you for the follow-up call. I’ll start right out.”
“Good,” the Commissioner tells me and the phone clicks.
My fingers tear open the letter and it was that order. My eyes study the directions given and decide to collect the north of town one first. I told Mom what I was doing today on my way out. Climbing in the old ’36 Ford, I see I have a half tank of gas.
On the way, I stop and put in four gallons before driving out Highway 78 to Lake Shore Drive. Halfway out to Glendalough Game Farm, I look for a pale blue house with dark blue trim. Seeing the house, I slow and turn into a double gravel drive.
Hearing my car pull into her driveway, white-headed Mrs. Clara Rown looks out to see who it is. Knowing why I am there, Mrs. Rown steps outside leading a young German Shepard. She waves as I stop. Smiling, I step out to open my backdoor and dog cage.
“Think he’ll do a good job for the Army?” she asks handing me the leash.
“I’m sure he will. He looks strong and healthy enough,” I reply nodding and unhooking the lease. Picking up the young dog, I push him into the open cage and close the cage door.
Mrs. Rown leans in and tells her dog, “Sugar Pie, you be good and mind your Sergeant.”
Without comment about the name of her male dog, I close the backdoor, walk around, step in and sit down in the Ford. Trying to make it quick and less painful, I shift into reverse and back out on the road. I return Mrs. Rown’s wave.
Back on Highway 78, I drive through Battle Lake, cross the railroad track, and stop to wait on traffic at the Half Mile Corner, the 78-210 Crossroads. Starting again between two widely spaced trucks, I drive across. Around the first curve in Highway 78, I turn on the old gravel Battle Lake-Clitherall Road. Driving east, I turn off to Crane Lake, a lake almost shaped like a doughnut with an island in the middle. Pop and I like to fish off the resort dock, a great Bluegill spot. I park in front of the Crane Lake Resort office. The resort survives on three cabins, fishing equipment and tourist food sales, camping trailer space, and boat rentals.
Inside, Ralph Vineyard nods, steps in a backroom and leads out a young German Shepard. Mr. Vineyard hands me the leash saying, “Here he is!”
Trying to think of something to say, I take the leash and tell him, “The United States Army thanks you for this gift.”
Gruffly Mr. Vineyard replies, “A citizen has to do his part. Now, be off with you.”
Seeing that it affects him, I lead the dog out to the car and put him in the cage with the other one. Backing out and turning, I see in the car mirror Mr. Vineyard standing on the porch fishing about in his back pocket for his handkerchief.
Back on Highway 78, I turn and drive south until the old ’36 Ford climbs the large hill between Eagle Lake and Middle lake. I stop on top to look at the lakes. Eagle Lake, a round lake, has resorts and cabins along the north rim with a nice sandy beach. On the other side, grassy Middle Lake shaped like the figure 8 only rents boats. Looking down at Eagle Lake, I remember Pop swam across it as a young man. His friend who later caught a 24-pound Northern Pike in it rowed behind going over and Pop rowed back as his friend swam. Middle Lake was, I thought, the better fishing lake.
The land and lake owner Alex Borton and Pop, both like to catch a mess of Bluegills off the west-side point for a two or three family fresh fish supper. Alex refuses to start fishing until the fire has blazed for at least three minutes. Stubborn Alex taught me fish caught, quickly cleaned, and fried right there at the lake are delicious. Applying that to garden sweet corn, I started the water boiling before going out to pick the corn did create a new wonderful taste. Strangely, it works with carrots, peas, and new potatoes right out of the garden too.
Starting again, I look for District 115 School house on the northeast corner at the crossroad that the locals call “the Grue Church Crossroads.” The gravel road to the east curves around the back of Eagle Lake and the owner of first farmhouse is a fur buyer. Westward, the road goes past Grue Church on the north and a little further on Russ Lake on the south.
When I see the crossroads and schoolhouse, I pull over in the drive of a white two-story house with a first and second story front porch three hundred yards this side of it. I park, step out, and knock on the front door.
Mrs. Gladys Freeman opens the door asking, “Can I help you?”
“Mrs. Freeman, I’m here to pick-up your dog for the Army.”
Her old age lined face frowns at my announced purpose and tells me, “An hour ago a man saying he was from the Army stopped by and picked up Alex.”
Pulling out my letter from the Commissioner and the letter from the U.S. Army with directions to three places, I hand them to her.
After reading the documents, Mrs. Freeman asks, “Who could have taken Alex?”
“Ma’am, some man took Alex to sell him. The military buys dogs and so do companies that have large storage areas or warehouses. Will you help me catch him?”
“Be glad too,” she answers.
“Wait here, I’ll go out and get my drawing materials.”
Mrs. Freeman nods.
I bring back my book of faces and clipboard.
On her kitchen table, she points to face shapes, eyes, nose, mouth, and hairstyle.
For an hour I draw, erased, redraw until it was done except for worker’s cap. She described it and with only one adjustment to the emblem declared it finished.
“Thanks Mrs. Freeman, I will turn this into the Army and they will start a search for the man at all the places that buy dogs. Your patience has helped. I thank you.”
“You are welcome and tell the Army I’m sorry I did not think to ask for paper work. I thought he was a local man. On the upper front porch watering plants, I paused to look at what a nice job they did mowing the schoolhouse yard this time. I happen to glance down at the pretty cattails in the roadside slough between here and Christina Lake. A dusty black car pulls out of Rabbit Run Road, turns north and stops in my driveway.”
On the way out, I assure her that I will turn in my picture and explain to the Army about Alex. I back the old ’36 Ford out on the road, point it back toward Battle Lake, and return Mrs. Freeman’s wave. At Highway 210, I head for Fergus to deliver only two and listen to music on the radio, a brief farm report about the price of corn this fall, and the best places to buy used tractor tires.
At the Army Post, I deliver two dogs and explain to a corporal, his sergeant, and finally Captain Amos Risler about the missing third dog. I hand him the picture of the man that pretended to be from the Army and took the dog. He hands it to his clerk ordering, “Tell Seton I want seventy-five pictures of this drawing. You mail it around to all the places that buy dogs and law enforcement. Send a dispatch driver south on Highway 82 as far as St. Cloud and another north as far as Fargo.”
The clerk takes the picture and leaves.
“We’ll send that around. Maybe we will get lucky. Thanks, Fillbee.”
“Anytime, Captain,” I reply turning and leaving.
On the way home, I stop at Robeson’s at the Junction of 210 and 82 for a hot dog and root beer. The soda in a frosty glass mug was the best part of the meal.
At home, it was a quiet afternoon. In the middle of my nap, the phone rings.
Margaret says, “Special Deliver letter for Fillbee Detective agency is at the Post Office.”
“Thanks, I’m on my way,” I answer sleepily and hunt keys.
At the Post Office, I sign for the official looking manila envelope. Back out in the car, I tear it open and it is a request from the County Commissioner’s Office to draw for Sheriff Hoberg facial pictures of bank robbers.
An hour later in Sheriff Hoberg office’s largest room, four tellers and bank manager sat describing three faces for me to draw. After nearly two hours and nine tries, the faces on paper were ones that all three can agree too. For ten more minutes, they search their memory to place names for each.
When I hand over the three pictures to Sheriff Hoberg, one of his deputies thought he recognized one and went looking in the state Mug Book of criminals. In a few minutes, he found a face surprisingly like my drawing. With the help of a second deputy, they find the other two. Not one of the first names was correct for they had used fake names. The Sheriff issues warrants for the three bank robbers and put their names and descriptions out on the radio. He called the F.B.I, promised to provide them with the information and to send them a report on our investigation.
“Fillbee, I need three copies of each.”
I nod and return to the now empty room. An hour and a half later, I hand Sheriff Hoberg back the original and three copies.
“Thanks Fillbee ... send me a bill,” the Sheriff says walking off to another room. At the door, Sheriff Hoberg paused to tell me, “The Army caught that dog thief at Alexandria trying to sell it to the Army Recruiter. You’ll get a letter.”
I nodded as he closed the door. I dragged tired me out to the car and home. Mom had grilled cheese sandwiches, a cup of warm tomato soup, and corn chips. It was great. I wrote a brief letter to Mrs. Freeman. At dark, I was in bed asleep.
Enjoying a cup of hot tea out in my porch office after a fried egg and two pieces of buttered toast breakfast, I felt rested. Standing and preparing to carry my cup back, the phone rang.
Loudly Commissioner Olson orders forcefully, “Post Office opens at eight. Deliver four more today,” and the phone clicks.
The day was uneventful. I picked up young German Shepard dogs from Mrs. Rongnion in Clitherall, Mrs. Zerkel in Henning, Mr. Muir in Ottertail, and Mrs. Hershberger in Amor and successfully deliver all four. This time at the Army Depot, they know me and work quickly. I signed their papers and they open the gate.
I hurried home for I had promised Mom to help her this afternoon with the upcoming Battle Lake Dairy Day. Her first job was helping the Parade Committee look for problems on the route. The Parade organizes on Jefferson with the front at the water tower. It marches forward and turns down Henning to Lake Street. There it turns north, marches up in front of the business center, turns west on Summit to end and disperse at the High School. Mom and I walk the entire route forward and back. She takes notes of possible problems.
Next, I help Mom and her other club members setup a Quilters Club booth and they help me with Pop’s booth. Both booths are in the open area between the Battle Lake Review newspaper building and the movie theatre. It pleased me that this year’s schedule placed my favorite booth selling cotton candy across the street in the empty lot between the Lutheran Church and Vanscoy’s Dentist Office. Each year, I draw faces of people for a dollar donation to the local Battle Lake Chapter of the Ottertail County Horseshoe Association. Also, Pop hands out information sheets about the Horseshoe Association and his Chapter of the West Battle Lake Ice Fishing Club and to owners of horses a sheet about Beckman’s Riding Club.
Everything has to be ready by eight o’clock Wednesday morning on 30 June.
Again, in late afternoon Mom and I slowly walk again the parade route looking for new problems. Across from the hotel, Mom steps inside to ask Texaco Station manager Ernie Waggs if they have a gas truck delivery planned for 30 June. She came out smiling to tell me that they did not.
I help wherever I can. For the next two days, lists and addresses arrive in my mailbox for two or three dogs to pick up and deliver to Fergus Falls. My work limits my usefulness to the Dairy Day project.
Dog deliveries force me change my routine. Every morning, I rush around, ride my bike down to pick up the mail when the Post Office opens at eight, do my dog pick-ups and deliveries, and return to help. With an afternoon to spare both booths are ready.
To be truthful, I must admit that Mom and I both were more than a little pleased to see others still working on theirs on the last afternoon.


Journal Entry: Five
“Help me on Dairy Day.”

Shaking me, Mom says, “Wake up sleepy head.” Continuing to shake me, she adds, “It’s time to help me on Dairy Day.”
“Okay,” I mutter hoping she will go away. Did she not know I went to the last night special Tuesday night showing of two newer movies? These black and white films were only one and three years old. Being a small town our films are usually five or more years old and less expensive to rent. Customers filled every seat and folding chair in the aisles at the unusual high price of .35 cents and popcorn higher too at .15 cents.
I helped carry and set up folding chairs. The first feature was Dawn Express, a 1942 movie staring Anne Nagel and Michael Walen about Nazi’s trying to sink our ships. The second feature was Convoy, a 1940 movie staring Stewart Granger and Clive Brook about a British Cruiser on convey guard duty fighting a German Battleship.
“Breakfast is on the table,” Mom tells me walking out.
Rolling over, I stare at the windows. It was still dark outside. Thinking it was too early, I was surprised at the 4:38 time. Rolling out to hunt my slippers and robe, I realize it was Dairy Day, June 30.
In a hurry, I forget about slippers and robe. I dressed in a hurry for breakfast for I had promised to be at the booth at 5:15. Gulping down hot oatmeal drowning in maple syrup and cream with a square of melting butter on top along with two pieces of buttered toast was about all I could hold. It was going to be a long time between meals today drawing and handing out papers for Pop was away delivering a load of butter to Rapid City, South Dakota.
Mom hands me two boxes to carry and she carries two carpetbags. I drive and park at the corner of Lincoln and Main. As we hurry up the sidewalk, the Bank clock strikes five times. Walking as fast as Mom can, we cross Lake Street and hurry north to our booths next to the movie theatre. Mom was pleased that only Mrs. Henrietta Warnock from a block and a half north down Lake Street beat her.
While setting up and getting ready, two other women arrive to help. As the sun splashes warm sunlight all over Battle Lake, our two booths are ready. We can see that others across and down the street are still setting up. One booth, the Creamery Cooperative Association one had no one. Cars keep arriving and people leaving from Restaurants and other places recruited to help feed workers. The Ireland Bar down the street, Ice Cream Parlor, and Malt Shop were busy serving, as is the free breakfast in the High School Cafeteria for students volunteering their time today.
With time on my hands, I get out a piece of paper to practice drawing. The first face I saw was City Marshal Herman Rolik walking down the street checking things. He stops to talk to the ladies and I sketch his likeness. As he turns to leave, I hand him the sketch.
“Thanks Fillbee. It looks just like the face in my shavin’ mirror,” and winks at me. His hand starts for his pocket to donate and I wave it away. Before he can do more than turn a couple dozen high school students run across Lake Street giggling and laughing. They rushed into the movie theatre.
Marshal Rolik and I listen to sections of movie seats fastened on hickory runners sliding to the north side clearing the floor like they do every Friday night during the summer and Thursday night during the school year for roller skating. When students rush out, the Marshal and I both know Battle Lake now has a community center for crafts and food displays. Others know it too, a line of people hurry up the steps into the Community Center carrying boxes and sacks.
For a half hour, the busy town is quiet as people work on displays and booths while others walk toward the water tower where the parade forms on Jefferson. The animals wait on the dead-end road in front or on water tower grass preparing to fill in at the end.
A minute early, at 7:59, a short blast of the town emergency siren starts the parade forward up Jefferson. It turns to march down Henning Street and turns north onto Lake Street. As they start up Lake, we up at our end cannot see them until they are halfway up the hill. Along both side of the street, tourists, area visitors, and local townspeople fill sidewalks.
The first to appear is the Band Drum Majorette with his long baton shaft, six baton twirlers behind in front of the Battle Lake High School marching band. Along both sides people clap, cheer, and wave at the band. A few men and women walk along the back of the crowd to watch a family member or friend. Coming into view, a light blue Buick convertible behind the first band carrying the Parade Master, Ottertail County’s own Minneapolis Millers retired third baseman Melvin Katz waves to the crowd. Behind the blue Buick convertible marches the Underwood High School Band. Both bands play the same agreed on music.
My serious eyes notice a thin narrow-bodied sharp angled faced dark haired man in a blue checked short sleeve shirt and baggy Levis moving in the crowd as if following along it. He seems to be bumping into a few too many people. Grabbing my binoculars, I see him bump into a matronly black-haired woman in a light green blouse and dark green shorts. The thin man pretends to steady her while his other hand reaches into her purse, pulls out a billfold, and pockets it.
“Pickpocket,” I murmur, but it is lost in the music and cheering.
It was so quickly and skillfully done the woman never knew it happened. Looking around I do not see Marshal Rolik. Quickly and roughly, I sketch the man’s face, looking often at him in my binoculars. Luckily, the woman looks this way at something or someone in the parade. As I try my best to make a quick sketch of the woman’s face, Marshal Rolik steps out of the crowd to stand in front of the sawhorses as the front of the parade turns up Summit. He looks and I wave for him to come to me.
Frowning over leaving his selected spot, Marshal Rolik hurries over to me hoping to return to it.
“Pickpocket,” I say handing him the picture of the man coming up the street bumping into people. While he looks, I hand him the picture of the woman saying, “Took this woman’s billfold from her purse.” As the stranger walks by Marshal Rolik grabs him, turns him around, and handcuffs the pickpocket before the man can resist.
“Find the lady,” he shouts at me pulling the criminal back to the stone and brick wall of the movie theatre. 
I hurry down the sidewalk, across blocked off Main Street, past the bank, and see the woman is still watching the parade. She cheers and points at someone driving the first of eleven tractors pulling floats, the High School Future Farmers Association (FFA) float.
“Ma’am,” I say taping her on the shoulder.
The woman crowds downhill thinking I want a spot on the curb.
“Ma’am, we caught the man.”
“What man,” she turns with a puzzled and angry expression.
“The thief that stole your billfold,” I reply.
“No one stole anything of mine.”
“Look,” I ask.
“Alright, but you’re causing me to miss the floats.” Her hand slips into her purse. Not feeling her billfold, she pulls it open and looks.
“It’s not there,” she says.
“I know. If you will follow me up where the parade is turning, Marshal Rolik has captured the thief.”
She nods and follows me.
Marshal Rolik has taken one cuff off and locked it to an eye-bolt-head in the brick wall. Seeing us, he pats the pockets of the thief and pulls out three billfolds.
The angry woman says, “That’s mine,” and tries to retrieve it.
“Sorry, Ma’am, I need these for evidence. I will need a statement and you can have every thing in it. You may have to come to court to identify the thief. Fillbee has drawn a picture of the man. Write on the bottom of his picture ‘this man had my billfold’ and if you sign it that might be enough.”
The woman nods, turns to glare at the thief, “You ruined a good day.”
I hands her the picture and clipboard.
She writes the suggested statement across it and signs “Mrs. Mabel Wieling, Ottertail.” Mrs. Wieling hands it back to me.
I hand it to Marshal Rolik. Saying, “A keepsake,” I hand her my picture of her.
Mrs. Wieling smiles while accepting it and all items in her billfold.
While Marshal Rolik does his paper work, Mrs. Wieling and I watch more parts of the parade approach and turn up Summit Street toward the school. The last float by the High School Football Team and Cheerleaders receives the loudest cheers again this year.
Behind the floats is a red Ford convertible with Mayor Horace Tillman waving. Behind his vehicle are seven old time cars, trucks and town fire truck. Next, grade school students lead their pet dogs, sheep and goats. Behind them, teenagers lead Holstein, Guernsey, and Jersey yearlings. At the end of the parade, the local Saddle Club ride their best walkers and quarter horses.”
The parade turns on down Summit Street and I hear fading band music. The last of the parade I can hear is drums of two bands beating out a marching tempo for four blocks. Later, I see parade people drift back uptown to enjoy the booths and visit with friends and family. I return to my booth and spend a busy day drawing faces for donations and handing out Pop’s papers. One person stops on the steps before going into the community center to listen to the quarter-hour news on his pocket radio. In a moment of quiet, I hear that U.S. and Australian forces have landed near Salamaua, New Guinea.
During the day, I find out and write down a record for Pop of the winning Holstein, Guernsey, Jersey, show winner and Ulrich Farm grand champion Holstein. Mom made a list of the cooking, sewing, and crafts winners. Mrs. Henrietta Warnock won a blue ribbon for her Red Rhubarb pie. When the Community Room closed, Mrs. Warnock hands Mom and me each a generous piece of her winner. She giggles over my comment of “Heavenly Pie.” I am sure the one that will interest my Pop the most is the fifty-shoe horseshoe tournament. Martin Latrum won for the third year in a row with a 137 score, his best by one point. Three points for a ringer and 1 point for a leaner or a close shoe makes the maximum score 150. Mr. Latrum did not miss many.


Journal Entry: Six
“Who stole my ration book?”

Resting on my front porch with a glass of more ice than tea after mowing the yard and reading another chapter in The Hobbit by JRR Tolkien, I take a break. Picking up the paper, I read the local and state news summery for the month of June in the Fergus Falls Daily Journal newspaper. Laying the paper down for another slip of tea, I start to reach for the Hobbit again but the phone’s two longs and two shorts interrupt me. Shaking my head, I press the receiver to my ear.
A high-pitched woman’s loud voice I recognize says, “Who stole my ration book?”
“Is this Mabel Johnston, short, long, short?”
“Yes it’s me. I went shopping this morning at the Red Owl Store. Carried in two sacks of groceries and came back to the car for the last sack and my purse. In the house, I went to get my ration books out of my purse and put away. They were missing. Thinking, I left ‘em at the store I called back there and they did not have them. Agnes Miller, clerking today, remembers that she and Mr. Otis Clement, the customer behind me, waited while I put my change and ration books back in my purse.”
“I remember that you do not have a garage and park on Madison Street. Did you leave the car door open when you carried in the first two sacks?”
“I did.”
“Someone walking by saw your purse, opened it, and took your ration books. How many books?”
“Four. Ralph has warned me numerous times about it. He says I should carry in my purse first with one sack and close the car door. After this, I will take his advice.”
“Did you hear a car?”
“No.”
“Then, the thief walked by or rode a bike. Mrs. Johnston step outside and look up and down the street. Remember what you see.” I reach for the keys to the Ford, grab my old Beau Brownie camera and put on my hat. “I’ll get in my car, drive around and look too.”
“Okay.”
“See you,” I say hanging up the phone and rushing out to drive up Henning Street above the tanks, turn up Jefferson, up Bowman and turn south on Lake. At the corner of Dunton and Lake, I see a black whiskered man on a bicycle pedaling up Dunton toward me. I pull over. Camera in hand like a tourist, I step out and snap a picture of the road curving left around West Battle Lake. Turning, I twist the film knob twice to look back up Lake Street. Without lifting the camera to look through the viewfinder, I snap a picture of the man at the corner of Dunton and Lake. Cranking the knob twice, I snap another as he crosses Lake Street heading west just before the road bank of a high corner lot blocks my view.
To follow, I do a u-turn in the ’36 Ford, glimpse the rider turn south at the first corner. I reach over and turn on the radio to give the appearance of being just another driver. The song ends at the corner to announce war news: German and Soviets are fighting a huge tank battle at Kursk. As the music starts again, the suspect stops at Clarence Greenlee’s rental house with the apple tree in the backyard. Every kid in the area knows the house and that tree.
Driving on past, I look for Marshal Rolik’s car, and see it on Summit. Driving faster than the posted 30 miles per hour, I turn uphill. At the corner of Summit and Lake Street, I honk at him, pull over and step out. He waits for me to tell him about it.
“Mrs. Mabel Johnston left her car door open and her purse in the car while carrying in two sacks of groceries. She came out, carried in the last sack and her purse. Inside, Mrs. Johnston went to put her four ration books away and they were gone. She called the Red Owl store and found out she had not left them there. She called me. I went looking, saw a bearded man on a bicycle and followed him to Mr. Greenlee’s rental house.”
“Let’s go look,” Marshal Rolik tells me driving off.
I follow.
At the Greenlee house, Marshal Rolik knocks on the door.
The door opens. The slender black bearded man asks, “What’s the trouble officer?”
“Sir, what’s your name.”
“Greg Olin. Is there a problem officer?”
“Mr. Olin, a lady is missing her ration books. You were seen in the area by that fellow in the Ford and has an undeveloped photo of you crossing Bowman a few minutes ago. If you have them, hand them over. Nothing will be reported. I will return them to the lady and you will pack up and leave town ... today. If not, I’ll go out to my car, radio the Judge for a warrant to search, and ask the Sheriff and OPA to come and help me search for four stolen ration books.”
Knowing it could mean ten years in prison, Greg Olin looks frighten, nods, steps back inside to return with four ration books. Handing them over, he says, “It was too temping, an open car door and a purse on the seat. I thought about taking the purse but anyone seeing a man on a bike with a purse would know. I did not even take time to look for money. I opened the purse, saw them, grabbed all four, and took off. I have not been able to find steady work. I’ve only the bike, my clothes, and a radio.”
“The bus leaves at 3:38 from the Hotel.”
“I’ve only eight dollars.”
Marshal Rolik waves me closer. “Fillbee, wana buy a bike. The man needs five dollars for a bus ticket and eating money.”
Digging in my billfold, I find a $5 dollar bill. Handing it over, he points at the old Western Flyer without fenders saying, “I’ve a three-year old radio ... let it go for another $10 dollars.”
“Let me see it.”
He steps back inside and comes out with a dark brown bakelite Bendix Police Radio.
“Does it work,” I ask.
He nods.
Again, I dig in my billfold for a new one is 700 dollars and a used one at least half of that. Even if I have to pay to get it repaired, it was a good deal. I know he needs money and does not have the time to advertise it. He hands me the radio and I hand him a ten-dollar bill. I carry it to the Ford and hunt for a bike chain and lock.
While securing my bike to the front yard oak, Marshal Rolik hands me the key to the house. “I’ll return the ration books. What he leaves behind you can have or let Mr. Greenlee have when he cleans. Return the house key to Mr. Greenlee this evening, but wait until after Mr. Olin leaves on the bus.”


Journal Entry: Seven
“A new toy.”

Thinking about what to do with my extra bike, I thought about Gil Mudge with six children and not enough bikes. Gil has an 80-acre farm just outside of town to the north with beef cattle, milks two, four sows, and sells eggs from thirty laying hens. Beside his farm, Gil inherited and runs his father’s icehouse and dray business. Gil always says, “I’m the busiest poor man in town.”
In the winter, Gil lets me help him on Saturdays. He cuts ice blocks and lets me push them through open water to his loading hooks with a long handled pike.
This winter while we worked, Gil told me, “In a few years all houses will have electric refrigerators. Now, I have only nine iceboxes in town to deliver ice too. I am thinking about selling the icehouse and the road lot. It would be a nice spot for a Drive-in or restaurant.” Gil does not say it, but sales of ice to so few customers do not pay the taxes on the lot. He keeps the business going at a loss as a service to his dad’s customers.
 With a grin, I load up my first bike in the trunk and tie the training wheels together. Mom looks at the trunk without asking a question. She drives me back to Greenlee’s rental house at 3:50.
Inside, Mom and I find on top of a dresser three Max Brand paperback westerns: Six-gun Country, The Gentle Desperado, and Flaming Irons. Inside the kitchen, we find an old American Cutlery butcher knife, a dented tin cup, two tin plates, topless kettle, and a poor excuse for a frying pan. In the living room, Mom finds an old S.R. (Sears and Roebuck) two bladed Rosewood jackknife with a broken big blade point. In the bedroom, I find a Heinisch barber scissor with a bent point and a half-full bottle of William’s Stomach Bitters.
Mom claims the butcher knife.
I claim three books and old jackknife before returning the house key to Mr. Greenlee.
Before heading home, I tell Mom, “The Gil Mudge family has six children and two bikes. Maybe, they could use a couple more.”
Smiling, Mom only nods. I ride the bike back to lake, down along the lake to the first lane uphill west. At the top, I lay my bike and newly purchased bike beside the other two laying in the yard, lean my first-rider against the front steps railing and hang the training wheels on the handlebars. Misty-eyed Mrs. Priscilla Mudge steps out to hug both of us and say, “Thank you. The kids will be thrilled.”
Back home, Mom works at sharpening her black Celluloid handled butcher knife. I plug in my Police radio and am please to see a dial light. Turn the selector knob to the left and it plays the usual radio channels. The given war news says the Soviets won the tank battle at Kursk. Turning the knob to the right and running slowly up the dial, I pick up the county police in Fergus Falls. Deputy Scott calls in a license number of a South Dakota plate. Running down the dial, I hear Marshal Rolik say, “Oh-oh, Car trouble,” ending his call to Town Marshal Jerome Johns in Underwood.
I tell Mom, “I’ve a new work aid.
With a little giggle Mom replies, “A new toy.”
Before I can answer, Marshal Rolik asks the night desk operator, “Jason, call Fillbee. Tell him my car quit out on Lake Shore Drive.” Before I can tell Mom about it, I am moving toward the ringing phone.
Before I can speak, Jason says, “Marshal wants you to drive out Lake Shore Drive and pick him up. His car quit.”
“Thanks, Jason. I’ll be right out.” Grabbing my keys, I step out telling Mom, “Nice toy,” and she laughs.
Out Lake Shore Drive halfway to Glendalough Game Farm, Marshal Rolik stood in the middle of the road, the hood of his police car raised, and shining his flashlight on the motor. Hearing my old Ford, he steps out and raises a hand in greeting.
“What happened,” I ask.
“Don’t know. It was running fine. Suddenly, it went chunk-chunk and died. I tried to start it but acts like no spark. Help me push it off the road and you’ll have to help me do my rounds.”
We pushed it off and Marshal Rolik climbs in my old ’36 Ford. He points and I drive out to the entrance to Glendalough Game Farm, turn around and drive slowly back into town. At the corner of Lake and Main Street, a black Oldsmobile parked in front of the bank seems unusual.
“Strange,” Marshal Rolik says waving me to the curve and steps out to investigate.
Halfway across the street, four men rush out of the bank and seeing Marshal Rolik’s badge shoot at him. Whirling, Marshal Rolik runs back to the Ford. I reach in the back for my camera with flash bulb, point the Beau Browning camera out the window, and click it. The flash makes me see spots. Marshal Rolik ducks behind the Ford and the bank robbers jump in their Olds. My finger presses the flash button to pop-out the hot bulb to pounce on the street and slip in a second bulb. My fingers turn the film knob twice. Unable to see the number, I crank it an extra turn before pointing it again out the window.
The robbers back their Olds out, turning to drive out to the main highway. The instant the Olds stops to change gears, I click the Beau Brownie a second time. The flash makes me see more spots as the Olds drives off.
As the robbers drive away, Marshal Rolik tells me, “I’ll need that film.”
I put the Ford in gear, but he does not move. He stands looking to see which way they turn on the main road. When their lights turn west, I click the camera again without a flash bulb knowing it will not work.
Marshal Rolik nods and climbs in saying, “Take me back to the station.”
At the Police Station, Marshal Rolik calls Ottertail County Sheriff’s office to report the bank robbery and gives a description of the car and robbers.
Turning to me, Marshal Rolik says, “I’ll take that film.”
“Give me an hour and I’ll give you pictures.”
“Terrific! Why are you still here?”
At the house, Mom gets excited when I blurt out, “The Bank’s been robbed.”
Mom wants information, but I rush down to the basement into my curtained darkroom. In the dark, I remove the film from the camera, remove the film from the paper, and slide the film into metal spirals. I place the film spiral into its tank, screw on the lid, turn on the red light and pore in Developer. According to my thermometer, the chart on the wall says 17 minutes. When finished, I pore the Developer back in its dark brown bottle, pore in Short Stop solution and wait three minutes before pouring it back in its bottle. Next, I pore in the Fixer. Seven minutes later, I pore back the Fixer.
Walking upstairs to the bathroom, I flush out the chemicals with water before taking off the lid. Holding up the film, I see that both negatives appear grainy but better than I expected shooting at night. Light from the streetlight on the corner and my flash made it possible. The third one of their car going west there were only headlight streaks.
Carefully blotting the negatives, I make eight 4x5 prints of each one. Leaving six sets rolled out face down on metal drying-sheets I let Mom look before rushing out with one set still wet in a blotter book. Marshal Rolik is excited over all three and with a magnifying glass makes out an 892 dash 347 Iowa license plate. He quickly calls the U.S. Marshal’s office in St. Cloud with the information.
“Marshal Venire, I have photos of the bank robbers and their vehicle. It shows Iowa license plate 892 dash 347 on a black 1938 four-door Oldsmobile. My car broke down outside of town and Detective Fillbee came out to give me a ride back. We arrived at the corner of Lake and Main to see a black Olds parked in front of the bank. It seemed strange. As I walk over to investigate, four men ran out of the bank shooting. I take cover behind Fillbee’s Ford. His flash bulb went off. All four men jump in the Olds, turn and back toward us. Fillbee clicked off a second flash bulb. No injuries. Their Olds turns west toward Fergus Falls on Highway 210 and Fillbe clicks a third one. I have already alerted the Sheriff of the bank robbery. When I hang up, I will call Ottertail County Sheriff Hoberg again. Fillbee developed his film and made photographs. When we hang up, I will call Sheriff Hoberg about the license plate numbers.”
“I will put out those numbers and head for Fergus. I want a copy of Fillbee’s prints. Tell him great work, quick thinking, and ask him to drive prints over to the Sheriff, save print copies and negatives for the F.B.I as they investigate the robbery. Tell Fillbee it would help if his prints somehow accidentily end up in the Battle Lake and Fergus Falls papers with your crime scene report.”
I hear the conversation and feel proud.
Marshal Rolik turns to me. “When will the prints be dry?”
“If I use Mom’s hair dryer, an hour or less.”
“Get at it. Stop back here for three copies of my report, one for the sheriff, one for U.S Marshal, and one for the Fergus Falls paper. I need two sets of prints, one for my records and another for the Battle Lake Review.”
I nod and head back home. I am surprised that Mom is already waving her hair dryer over the pictures to speed up the drying process. In thirty-eight minutes, I am out the door with five sets in 8x10 manila envelopes. Marshal Rolik is outside to hand me three copies of his report through the window, and I hand him two manila envelopes with sets of prints. I separate his report copies and slip one in each envelope, shift into low gear, wave and head for Fergus.
Turning west at the half-mile corner, I set the speedometer on sixty-seven.
Sixteen minutes later, I slow for the city limits. In minutes, I hand over the two sets to Sheriff Hoberg, he quickly hands one set to a waiting Deputy who rushes out to deliver it to the U.S. Marshal Venire headed this way from St. Cloud on U.S. Highway 82.
“Radio traffic has been busy. We have informed the F.B.I. that Deputy Lundeen should meet Marshal Venire about Alexandria. Hear you’ve acquired a Police Radio. Good, I can talk to you away from the party line when needed. Have a cup of coffee to let your nerves settle down before you start back.”
I thank the Sheriff, pour a cup of coffee so strong it looks like black shoe dye, and tastes awful. Two sips and I dump it in the washroom sink. After sitting for ten minutes listening to radio traffic, I head out to drive home a new way. Somehow, I accidentally drive past the Daily Journal building, stop and drop a manila envelop in their mail slot.
Mom wants to know all about it. We talk and listen to the Police Radio chatter. We hear the U.S. Marshal receive his manila envelope from Deputy Lundeen in Alexandria. We hear his radio call to the F.B.I Agent telling about Detective Fillbee’s pictures and Battle Lake Marshal Rolik’s bank robbery report.
Mom calls Aunt Margaret and tells her all about it. Mom has to assure Aunt Margaret twice that none of the shots hit my car or me. They both turn on the radio. At the half hour, war news tells of a massive U.S. and British bombing raid on Hamburg, Germany.
In a quiet time, I read the paper.
Later, we hear the arrival of the U.S. Marshal in Fergus. When Mom goes to bed, I turn off the Police Radio, go down and clean up my photography mess in the basement. Laying out on my bed on the enclosed porch, silly me turns the Police Radio back on. I listen until my eyes are heavy before I turn it off, pull up my sheet and drift off.


Journal Entry: Eight

“Who’s stealing my eggs?”

The ringing phone wakes me. I lift the receiver to my ear and a shrill angry woman’s voice says, “Fillbee, I want to know whose stealing my eggs?”
“Who is this?”
“Noreen Ramey.”
“Mrs. Ramey, grandmother of Marshal Rolik’s wife Andean on Henning Street two houses down from the Water Tower, a long sloping backyard above the tanks.”
“It is.”
“I understand you are loosing eggs.”
“I keep two dozen hens and sell eggs at ten cents a dozen. Half don’t lay in the spring and half in the fall. My lowest number of eggs last year was four a day. Since Sunday, I’ve found only two eggs a day. I think someone or some thing is stealing eggs from my henhouse. Because it is the same number every day, I think it’s a person. No critter would leave just two every time.”
“Mrs. Ramey, as soon as I have breakfast I will be up and look around.”
“Thanks,” and phone clicks.
Hanging up the receiver, I am surprised to hear Mom’s giggling yell, “Bacon and eggs for the fearless egg thief hunter.”
Dressing, I grin over Mom listening in on the party line.
During breakfast, Mom turns on the radio. Following a slow sad song, it gives the full story of the bank robbery. It mentions several times, shots fired at Marshal Rolik and Detective Fillbee’s pictures.
On the way over to look for egg thieves, I stop halfway down the hill for a paper at Frizzell’s Restaurant. There on the front page of the Fergus Falls daily and a special Battle Lake Review Extra are my pictures. The owner Art Frizzell refuses my dime for the two papers and reaches out to shake my hand.
At Mrs. Ramey’s house, she motions me in saying, “It was on the Radio ... the robbery.”
Over a cup of coffee served with two delicious oatmeal and raisin cookies, the white-headed grandmother tells me all about the robbery. Politely I listen, do not interrupt to add anything because I was there, and nod often. It is enough to enjoy her delicious cookies. I will have to remember to tell Marshal Rolik that he was correct when he said his wife’s mother could bake.
When the telling was over, we sat for ten more minutes listening to the radio tell about the search for the robbers. I enjoyed a second cup of coffee and an extra thick slice of fluffy white frosted Velvet Cake, another of my favorites. Maybe Mom was right when she claimed I have a sweet tooth.
Greedily looking at a large glass cookie jar of chocolate swirl, the phone rings interrupting Mrs. Ramey. She hands me the phone saying, “It’s for you.”
“Hi Margaret.”
“The F.B.I agents want the hero photographer up at the bank with negatives.”
“I’m on my way.”
“Good. I’ll tell them.”
“Thanks Margaret.”
At the bank, I hand over my prints and negatives before answering questions about the robbery. After a half hour, they let me go. I return to Mrs. Ramey’s house, walk down the sloped yard above the tanks, open the chicken wire fenced backyard gate, and look in the henhouse. Seeing only one egg in eight nest boxes, I count eight hens and inspect the yard. On the north side, a boundary fence of woven wire hog fence over-laid with chicken wire. In the fence brush, I find a hole. In the bushes along that fence, I discover four Rhode Island Red hens setting on nests of eggs.
Learning about the found nests and the hole in the fence, Mrs. Ramey asks, “What do I owe you, Fillbee.”
I tell Mrs. Ramey “No charge. Your delicious cookies and cake were payment enough for what little work I did.”
“Thanks,” Mrs. Ramey says handing me a paper lunch sack full of chocolate swirl cookies.
Not wanting to hurt her feelings, I accept with a nod and grin.
At home, Mom wants to know all about the F.B.I and the egg thieves. She pours a glass of iced tea for me. During my telling and her questioning, Mom was so thoughtful that she helped me reduce Mrs. Ramey’s chocolate swirl payment to a few crumbs.
The next day, wherever I went uptown people stop me to talk about the robbery and shake my hand. It was not a day to be uptown. Back home, I dozed until about two when my phone rings.
“Fillbee Detective Agency, Fillbee speaking,” I answer hoping for work.
“Fillbee, Sheriff Hoberg here. We caught your bank robbers. They went straight west out of Fergus on 210. Town Marshal Amos Yetter at Foxhome spotted the car and called it in. They tried for the bridge over the Red River between Breckenridge and Wabpenton to get into South Dakota. Local police and two deputies stopped them on the bridge. With nowhere to go but forward or back and the law at both ends, they shot it out. Three died. One is in Wabpenton hospital with serious wounds and money recovered. One deputy grazed on bicep and a Wabpenton officer shot in the calf of his leg.”
“I am glad they were stopped and money found. Thanks for the call.”
“Good work, Fillbee,” and the phone clicks.
As I was hanging up the receiver, I hear Margaret say, “You’ve a message.”
“What is it Margaret?”
“The F.B.I said to send them your bill for the incident to their Minneapolis office. They added they would send a book of gas stamps with payment. When you need it, call me for the address.”
“Thanks Margaret.”
Hanging up the phone, I start on the least enjoyable duty of a detective—paperwork. Mom has soft instrumental music on the house radio. Often, I stop to think, remember, and erase my mistakes. I call Margaret for the address and produce a bill for them. Downtown at the Post Office mailing it, I shake three offered hands and suffer two slaps on the back. I hurried home to finish my paperwork.

Journal Entry: Nine
“What’s getting in my sweet corn?”

Two quiet days later, I am sitting in my office doing billing and listening to every quarter hour of war news announcing that the allies bombed Hamburg, Germany. Twisting the dial on the Police Radio, I hope to find what the law officers are doing and wondering why no one calls. The phone rings.
Answering it, I say, “Fillbee Detective Agency, Fillbee speaking.”
“Fillbee, find out what’s getting in my sweet corn?”
“Is this Ross Randal, Texaco station mechanic and my neighbor?”
“Yes. Went out this morning to pick a few ears and I saw where something, man or beasts, got in the northwest corner of my sweet corn patch. Find out what or who?”
“I’ll be right up, Mr. Randal.”
“Thanks,” and the phone clicks.
It was a pleasant morning walking three houses up the gravel road. I saw the Randal Chevrolet Station wagon back out and leave.
Mr. Randal has a large three-acre lot with a woven wire fence around more than half of it, his sweet corn patch this year. Next year, he will plant cucumbers and tomatoes. Folks in town look forward to his sweet corn at 5 cents an ear, 50 cents a bushel and dollar a burlap sack full. Each year, Mom buys a sack of his crop for canning and a bushel for the Old Folks Home. Loosing sweet corn was a serious matter. It might determine what might or might not be on my plate this winter.
Mrs. Miranda Randal steps out on the porch, waves, and yells, “Go on back.”
Around the house, I open the gate and find a mess in the northwest corner. The prints are those of a cow or heifer and the woven wire pressed down between three posts south of the corner post. It appeared that the animal leaned against it, popped the staples in the middle post, pressed down the woven wire netting and walked over it. Going back, the cow or heifer stepped back over the downed wire.
Returning home, I drive down to the Texaco Station across from the Hotel to tell Ross about his fence problem. His assistant, Wilbur Marcum waves from under a car hood saying, “Ross left early for Fergus Falls for parts for an emergency repair to an elevator feed truck.”
I nod thanks to Wilbur, turn and walk over to the Hotel. Crossing Lake Street between cars, my mind plans a quiet time with morning coffee and a warm frosted cinnamon twist. After coffee and a delicious cinnamon twist, I pay my bill and almost make it out the door.
Behind me, George Warring yells, “Fillbee Phone!”
Picking up the offered phone, I say, “Fillbee.”
“Sheriff Hoberg, cabin broken into right below the Battle Lake Park, Watson’s Resort next to the public swim area. There are witnesses. I am sending a deputy over to investigate. I want you to get the witnesses to help you draw faces.”
“Okay. I am on my way.”
“Thanks, Hoberg out,” and the phone clicks.
At the Watson Resort, Mrs. Abigail Watson is standing and talking to three tourists in swimsuits. Seeing me, Mrs. Watson waves me over.
I climb out. Carrying my book of faces and clipboard, I walk over.
Mrs. Watson introduces the tourists to me by pointing at each one, “Fillbee this is Wills Abrams, his wife Gail and daughter Jeannie. Returning from a morning swim, two men run out of their cabin, up the bank into the town park and disappear. They hurried to report it to me. I asked them not to go inside and ruin evidence. I called the Sheriff. He is sending over a deputy. I was just going to invite the Abrams inside out of the sun for a soda or iced tea while we wait. Please join us.”
“Folks, I am sorry about this incident. The Sheriff called and asked me to try to draw facial pictures of those two men. It might not work, but could we try.”
“Be glad to help,” Mr. Abrams tells me and his wife and daughter both nod.
“Come in,” Mrs. Watson says leading us into the main resort dinning room. She seats us and brings back tall glasses of iced tea all around.
To break the awkward silence, I ask, “Have you enjoyed your summer in Battle Lake?”
All three nod and sip iced tea.
Not a good beginning and I try again. “My name is Fillbee. Sheriff Hoberg asked me, a facial artist, to draw a picture of either or both men. Are you willing to try?”
Both nod agreement quickly.
I open the book to face shapes. After some study, all three agree on an oval face shape for clean-shaven man number one and a long thin Nordic face for mustached man number two. Through a second ice tea and small bowl of Spanish peanuts, we struggle with eyes, eyebrows, noses, mouths, chins, and necks. Putting final changes to the mustache of man number two, the deputy arrives. Handing over both facial drawings, I excused myself to let the Abram family and the deputy check for stolen items.
Back uptown, I am pleased to see that Ross Randal is back. Smiling, I step out and walk in to deliver my report.
Seeing me, Ross turns from organizing his parts to ask, “What did you find?”
“One of Anders Felton’s cows or heifer, prints too small for his bull, leaned on the fence, popped the staple, pressed down the woven wire, and walked in. The animal went out the same way. You need to fix your fence and send a bill to Anders Felton for the damages. Also, I would suggest adding a top string or two of barb wire to stop cattle from leaning on it.”
Mr. Randal takes off his hat, runs his fingers though his thinning brown hair, and replies, “Good suggestion. What do I owe you?”
“Nothing ... We enjoy your corn all winter. If you have enough, Mom wants her usual sack and a bushel again this year.”
“I will ... if the weather holds and Felton’s cows stay home.”
Sensing the case is over, I drive back home to listen to the Police Radio. In less than half hour, I hear the deputy report that he is returning with pictures and a list of items stolen.
That evening as Mom, Pop, and I sit on the front step watching an interesting sunset, my phone rings. I step inside to answer it.
“Fillbee Detective Agency ... Fillbee speaking.”
“This is Sheriff Hoberg reporting that your drawings helped identify two just released convicts. Two deputies went to their last listed address, found them there, and arrested the pair. We recovered all items taken except for about 7 dollars and 94 cents. We found the Abram’s three hundred dollars in traveler’s checks and stolen stuff from three other cases. Thanks, Fillbee ... I owe you one for closing four cases for my department. Hoberg out,” and the phone clicks.
I returned to the front step saying, “Sheriff wanted to let me know my drawings helps catch the thieves that robbed a family of tourists staying at Watson Resort.”
“You had a good day,” Pop tells me beaming with pride and patting me on the shoulder. He adds, “We need to treat our tourists well or they won’t come back.”
Mom just reaches over and hugs me. Because of all of that, it was for me a special sunset that we watched that evening.


Journal Entry: Ten
“Get him out!”

In the morning, I tried to sleep late and failed. Mom outdid herself with leftover sausage crumbles in white gravy over last night’s biscuits. It was so good. Mom grins when I take a second helping over two biscuits. While eating, the radio announces between tunes that the allies dropped over 8,000 tons of bombs on Hamburg. As the music starts again, we talk about family happenings of her and Pop’s cousins during orange juice and a glazed doughnut with coffee.
Grinning, I hug my smiling Mom. Heading out to my front porch office, I hope for a quiet morning to digest my big breakfast. I no more than find a comfortable spot on my daybed than the phone rings.
Lifting the receiver an angry woman shouts, “Get him out!”
“Who is this?”
“Miss Nadine Yewell. I teach English at the High School. Doctor Lu Han’s brother is in our living room and its 7:43. The good doctor wanted us to help teach his brother English and Superintendent Goodhall wants a plan. His brother is a twenty-two-years-old medical student from war torn China. I asked Doctor Lu Han to invite his brother Lee over in the morning to find out his knowledge of English. He agreed. Minutes ago, I thought I heard the front door open and close. My sister Henrietta and I dressed in nightclothes and robes walked into our kitchen for breakfast and there Lee Han sat. The fellow just walked in and sat down. Surprised, we squealed and ran into the den. I called you. I want him out of our house until we can dress and have breakfast.”
Trying not to giggle over imagining two gray haired old maids in nightgowns and robes walking into the kitchen to find a young man sitting there, I politely answer, “Be right over.”
Five minutes later, I step inside to bow to Lee Han. I say to him, “It is the custom in our country to knock on the front door and wait outside until asked to enter.”
Staring at me with an expressionless oriental face, Lee Han replies, “Hamburger.”
Solving the mystery about how much of the English language Lee Han understands, I grin. Nodding as if I understand his “Hamburger” comment, I bow and walks down the hall to speak to the closed den door.
“Lee Han has no knowledge of our language ... start him at the beginning, start him in Kindergarten.”
“We can’t ... he’s too big,” Nadine Yewell replies through the closed door.
“Do what you want. I’ll take Lee uptown for iced tea and ice cream.”
Returning, I bow and motioned for him to follow me.
With a please look, Lee Han follows me out to my Ford. I put my hand on the car and say, “Car.” I put his hand on it and say, “Car.” I point at me, point at the car and say, “Car.” I point at him. Lee points at himself, points at the car and says what I think is “Car.” Nodding approval, I smile and patting the vehicle says, “Car.”
Smiling over understanding, he pats the same fender and says a better, “Car.”
I point at me saying, “Fillbee.”
He tries his best to say, “Fillbee.”
I opened the door and motion in saying, “Ride.”
Understanding, Lee Han steps in saying, “Ride.”
Uptown, in the Malt Shop, we sit on stools, instead of a booth. I order two strawberry sodas and White House Sundays, vanilla ice cream mixed with sweet red cherries. When served, I pick up the spoon saying, “Spoon.”
Lee picks up his and repeats, “Spoon.”
I take a spoonful of ice cream and eat it. I smile and say, “Eat.” Lee takes a spoonful, says, “eat,” and does so.
For a few minutes, we are busy eating our scoop of White House ice cream. It was good. Halfway, I stop and take a spoonful saying, “Ice Cream.” Lee takes a spoonful and repeats, “Ice Cream.”
I wave Kathy over to point at an item on the menu and lift two fingers. We finish our ice cream and Kathy removes our empty cups and spoons. I take napkins out of the holder for him and me. I hold mine up and wipe my mouth saying, “Napkin.” Lee does the same and repeats, “Napkin.”
When Kathy serves our order, I point at the object on my plate and say, “Hamburger.”
Lee grins and almost shouts, “Hamburger!”
I laugh.
He laughs points at his plate and says, “Hamburger.”
I pick up mine saying, “Eat hamburger,” and take a bite.
With a mile wide grin Lee says, “Eat hamburger,” picks his up and takes a bite.
Between laughs, we finish our burgers and I lead him outside and down the street. I take him into the Red Owl store. Inside, I stop at fresh fruit and buy a bunch of grapes and two apples. Outside again, I get him back in the Ford and drive down to the City Park. Sitting on a picnic table bench with my sack of fruit, I swing my arm around at the park and say, “Park.”
Lee repeats, “Park.”
I hand him an apple saying, “Apple,” and take a bite.
Lee holds his up repeating, “Apple, and takes a bite.
For a long quiet time, we eat our apple. The cores, I put in the bottom of my paper sack, and take out the bunch of grapes. I break the stem in half and hand Lee half. I pull a green seedless grape off the stem, lift it up saying, “Grape,” and eat it.
Smiling Lee pulls one off, says, “Grape,” and eats his.
For a time we work at finishing our half-bunch of grapes. When finished, I collect the remains, drop the paper sack in the garbage barrel, get Lee back in the car and drive him back to the Yewell house. I stop in front of the door and say, “Knock,” and tap on the door.
Lee steps forward saying, “Knock,” and taps on the door.
From inside, I hear, “I’m coming. Who is it?”
I reply, “Fillbee,” and point at Lee.
“Lee Han,” he says.
The door opens and Lee and I enter. I bow and say, “Good Morning.”
Lee bows and says, “Good ....”
Over him loosing the second word, I smile and nod that it is okay. “Miss Yewell, Lee needs to know the name of things. Hold up an item and say the word. He’s bright and understands. I suggest you have him come over every morning, give him exact time and work with him. Point at the time on the clock, he will understands. I still think he should start in Kindergarten and as he understands the language move-up. Mom told me that his brother has made plans for Lee to enter the University of Minnesota next September. He will have to know how to read too.”
“Thank you, Fillbee. What do I owe you?”
“A kind thought,” I reply stepping back.
Miss Yewell points at a chair and Lee sits.
I bow and say, “Goodbye.”
Lee bows and repeats, “Good ....”
I smile, wave, and step outside.
Miss Yewell closes the door.
Before slamming the Ford’s door, I hears from inside, Miss Yewell saying, “Tea,” and Lee repeating, “Tea.”
Back home, I was pleased with my day.
Smiling over hearing about it, Mom pats my arm and adds, “Pop and I are going to the Star Lake festival. Pop wants to watch the horseshoe tournament and boat races.”
Over a glass of Iced Tea and an oatmeal and raisin cookie, the radio ends a quiet instrumental piece to announce the Russians have advanced to the Dnieper River and recaptured Smolensk and Dnepropetrovsk.


Journal Entry: Eleven
“The poor thing is lost.”

While clearing the table of breakfast dishes, Mom and I continue our yesterday conversation about Battle Lake’s second doctor bringing his brother over and the best way for Lee Han to learn English. The phone rings.
A concerned voice says, “The poor thing is lost.”
“Who is this?”
“Odie Uhl speaking, I live in the little yellow house next to the ball diamond.”
“I know the place. Odie, what poor thing is lost?”
“For three days a good looking Irish Setter has been hanging around, knocks over my birdbath getting water. It is friendly and looks like he has had good care. I think it just chased after some critter and got lost. I gave it water and something to eat. It needs help. Come over and get it.”
“Odie, I’ll be right over.”
In less than five minutes, I turn into Odie’s drive. He was sitting on the front porch. While opening the back door and cage, Odie steps off the porch and points around back. He and I walk to the back. There lying on his back door mat was a full-grown reddish brown Irish setter.
“Odie, if I take him, he goes to the Pound in Fergus. Do you want that?”
Shaking his head, Odie answers, “He is wearing a collar with the name ‘Rex’ on it. He’s been sleeping in Blackie’s old doghouse. Could you just leave him here? I’ll care for him until you can find his owner.”
“I can try. Let me get my sketchpad.”
Odie nods.
Returning, I sketch Rex and include his collar and copper nametag until Odie is pleased. “Odie, I’ll send this to the newspaper if I can include your name. I cannot use my name. Dogcatchers are supposed to catch stray dogs and take ‘em to the Pound.”
At home, I make copies and print on the bottom: Irish Setter lost, contact Odie Uhl, Battle Lake. With Odie’s return address on the envelopes, I mailed copies to the Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Wadena Pioneer Journal, and Minneapolis Star Tribune. One last one, I drop in Betty Finley’s Battle Lake Review mail tray on her desk.
Nodding, Betty hands me the phone saying, “It’s for you.”
“Fillbee speaking,” I say into the phone.
In my ear, I hear Margaret say, “The U.S. Marshal needs your services. He said to check your mailbox for tickets to Minneapolis.”
“Thanks Margaret. I was just there and forgot to check my box,” and the phone clicks.
On the way home, I stop at the Post Office to sign for a registered letter from U.S. Marshal Venire. As I carry the letter outside, Post Master Monroe Hurlburt looks at me as if he was seeing me for the first time.
Two days later, I am in the YMCA in St. Paul. The phone rings and a clerk tells me, “Mister Fillbee, you are needed in the lobby.”
Another ride in the elevator was a treat.
In the lobby, a tall man in a black suit holds out his hand saying, “Deputy Cavern.”
We shake.
“We need you downtown,” Deputy Cavern says turning and motioning me to follow.
In the McPherson Building’s large party room eight people sat scattered out one to a table. Deputy Cavern says, “Each one will describe a person. They will not tell you their name and you will not ask theirs. You draw the face they describe. The only thing I can tell you is each person will be describing the same person.”
“Will do my best,” I say walking over to the closest table. I open my book to face shapes and a middle age woman points to a long narrow Nordic face shape. With her helpful suggestions, I draw a Nordic face with a thin mustache, short sideburns, unusually laid back ears, and pointed nose with a little flat spot on the end. In the next two hours, I draw variations of that same face clean-shaven, with a beard, with a goatee and long sideburns, but only one adds a small black mole between the left eye and sideburn.
As I finish with each one, the Deputy leads the person outside and puts each one in a taxi. Picking up my last picture, he says, “Thanks, there is a taxi outside to take you back. Don’t pay him, I did already.”
Back in my room, I find a pair of gray swimming trunks on my bed with a note from Deputy Cavern. It said, “Enjoy a swim and a steak. I’ll pick you up at 1:30.” Preparing, the radio announces the Soviets have won a huge tank battle at Kursk. Down in the basement, a large indoor pool, the first one I ever swam in. It was pleasant, but the chlorine water irritated my left eye. The inch thick T-bone steak was big enough for two of me with terrific fried onions, baked potato, thin cut coleslaw listed on the menu as “Fine Slaw,” a small bowl of too sweet applesauce, and a once refilled terrific iced tea.
Waiting for Deputy Cavern, I pick up and look through a paper. Surprised on page four near the bottom I see my picture of Rex. It made me smile over them using it. I bought a copy for Odie.
 The afternoon session was the same with eleven people describing a round southern Mediterranean face. I drew it clean-shaven, full mustached with and without big sideburns, bearded, but all had the same wide nose.
The next morning the room had only seven of the afternoon people describing a hooked nose and angular faced man with a scar on the left cheek. Again, I draw that angular face in all of its forms.
Back at YMCA, a note said, “Eat early and wear a hat. I’ll pick you up at 12:30.”
I did as asked wondering why the change.
It was a fantastic change. Deputy Cavern took me to see the Minneapolis Millers play Milwaukee. I enjoy baseball and it was a treat to watch my first triple-A level game. He treats me to a Coke-in-a-cup, sack of fresh roasted and still warm salted in the shell peanuts, and a foot-long hot dog drowning in mustard.
The Millers won a close 7-6 game. We returned to the YMCA for supper. I collect up my things. At the train station, Deputy Cavern hands me an envelope saying, “Thanks for the useful drawings. You cannot tell anyone about this. Inside is a letter of accommodation, file it away, and twenty dollars in small bills for taxi or meals. My boss told me all of your pictures were helpful and has sent your name to the OSS.”
On the change from train to bus in Fergus Falls, I bought a Wadena paper for Odie.
Back home, Pop and Mom wanted to know all about it. I told them about the ride in an elevator, swim in an indoor pool, and baseball game. That was enough, I was proud that neither of my parents asks about my duties in the twin cities.
Mom gushed over telling about Pop and Star Lake. “Martin Latrum threw his 50 shoes early. They posted his name first with a score of 133. No one else entered the tournament. Instead of a tournament, Martin Latrum put on a horseshoe demonstration and picked Pop to toss the shoes back. With the crowd around Pop made three double ringers in a row for a score of 126, his personal best. Latrum threw fifty shoes for a score of 137 tying his Dairy Day score.”
“Congratulations Pop,” I told him offering my hand.
Grinning Pop shook it.
The next morning, Odie was delighted with the Minneapolis and Wadena papers.
Grinning, Odie said, “I already have copies of the Battle Lake and Fergus papers. No one has called about Rex.”
In my rolled down car window, Odie stuck in his hand to shake mine. I shook his hand and Odie said with a pleased expression, “If no one wants him, I’ll just keep Rex.”
Back at the office, I put the remaining $8 dollars and 19 cents in my petty cash box and filed my letter of accommodation. Quietly drinking tea, I wonder about the ramification of the U.S. Marshal Service mentioning my name to the OSS, the Office of Strategic Services, the United States intelligence service. I worry that they might ask me to be a spy.


Journal Entry: Twelve
“Wana see a free movie?”

Pop was hooked on a John Wayne serial entitled The Hurricane Express. They are showing the fourth chapter with a new for Battle Lake 1942 war movie entitled One of Our Aircraft is Missing about a British aircrew forced to bail out in enemy territory. The theater was filled, but Pop was on a butter delivery to Memphis. Then, he planned to see it three weeks later in the Clitheral Movie Theater that only shows films on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. This time The Creamery association sent him on Thursday to take a load to Kansas City and got back late Sunday. Pop moped around most of the Monday and went uptown Tuesday morning for coffee. Surprisingly, he came back smiling in less than an hour.
His smile worried Mom and me.
Pop let the screen door slam behind him before asking, “Wana see a free movie?”
“Where,” Mom asks.
“Evansville. It’s Tuesday, Evansville’s Market Day. Weather permitting, they show a free outdoor movie and have sales to attract farmers in to shop. It’s the newest one of the summer.”
“Did you just find out that they happen to be showing One of Our Aircraft is Missing and John Wayne’s The Hurricane Express?
“You know the Clitheral Movie owner Vance Millson in the summertime takes his movies around each week to three area towns without a movie theater. Other small theatres do the same. Summer tourists love ‘em. It keeps small theaters open for the local people in the winter. The town merchant association puts up a screen and pays Millson for each showing. The free film and advertised sales attract shoppers and tourists to town. And, for your information, those two films do just happen to be what is showing. Wana see it?”
Mom frowns with a negative expression that fades as she counters with a request, “I get to talk to my cousin Velma and you buy supper?”
“Talk as long as you want and I’ll buy the best supper in town,” a grinning Pop replies.
Mom grins, nods and I join in nodding too.
Late Tuesday afternoon, we three walk around Evansville shops below a hilltop water tower in a valley with railroad tracks running past their creamery. True to his word, Pop buys Mom and me a tasty Meatloaf, baked potato, sweet corn on the cob, and Apple Pie with lots of cinnamon supper at Christenson’s Cafe.
After supper, Mom purchases a red-glazed crock cookie jar birthday present for Margaret. Pop buys new leather work-gloves for all three of us. I purchase a book of crime stories with a suggested new title about “Fingerprinting” in the back one might order. Each business place gave us a ticket for free popcorn or 9-ounce fruit drink.
As dusk settles in, we carry our blankets to the open grassy area. Pop and I sit and wait on our blanket while Mom and Velma Millson sit on folding chairs and gossip. The Millsons pull a small trailer behind their brown ’40 Buick. They sleep in the trailer, eat meals in the cafe, and use it as a projection booth.
When Mom stands, I rush off and return with three free popcorns. Music starts and the lights dim. Mom and Pop smile over free popcorn. We watched local slide advertisements start appearing on a large white screen on a two-story brick building’s wall. Sitting on our blanket in a crowd of about fifty people, eating popcorn, and watching a movie was delightful. Pop got all excited about John Wayne struggling against dying and false arrest in his serial. We all appreciated the British aircraft crews’ efforts against the Germans.
On the way back out of Evansville north past the water tower, Pop stirs up miles of dust on Grant Country Road 1 NW. At a Y-junction with Highway 78 that curves west around Christina Lake to Ashby, Pop waits for a dangerously fast closing pair of headlights to go on by. In a cloud of dust, we start up 78 rolling up windows.
Pop says, “Crazy driver.”
Just past Rabbit Run Road and before the Grue Church Crossroads, Pop drives up on an accident. The crazy driver crashed into an almost black Holstein cow. It was a mess. The car smashed, cow dead and driver injured. Pop and I ease the unconscious man out and into our backseat. Pop turns east at the Grue Church Crossroads. The road curves around the other side of Eagle Lake and the first driveway is to Shewbert the fur buyer’s farmhouse. Lou Shewbert and Pop carry the unconscious man inside and put him on a bed. Mom wipes clean the man’s bloody face and Mrs. Kitty Shewbert calls for an ambulance.
“One’s on its way,” Mrs. Kitty Shewbert tells us.
Pop replies, “Good. Can my boy call and report the accident?”
Both Mr. and Mrs. Shewbert nod their heads in the affirmative.
I did as asked. In a few minutes, Pop and I left Mom at the Shewberts to help with the injured man and drive back to Highway 78 to meet the deputy.
Deputy Scott arrives. Stepping out of the car, Scott says, “Hi Fillbee.”
I replied, “Hi Scott. This is a mess. Pop and I took the injured man out of his car and took him to the Shewbert place. Mrs. Shewbert called an ambulance.” As I spoke, we all turn to watch the flashing lights of the ambulance slow to turn east at the crossroads. Turning back to Scott, I add in a serious tone, “Scott. When we pulled the man out, I saw on the passenger side floorboards sticking out from under a spare shirt the handle of a pistol. I think it best you check inside.”
“Good idea, Fillbee,” Deputy Scott said walking around to that side. The car door was jammed. It took both he and Pop to pull it open. Inside, Scott found a loaded .45-caliber Colt pistol, a blue bandana and the shirt turned out to a pillowcase sack with money in it. Putting the evidence in his car, Scott radios his office.
“Charlie, tell the Sheriff, I have recovered Grant County’s Ashby Texaco gas station robbery money from a wrecked black rusty ’38 Olds between Rabbit Run Road and Grue Church Crossing on 78. It is near the south county line. Inform Grant County, their robber hit and killed an almost black Holstein cow. At present, their man is in transport from Lou Shewbert’s place to Fergus hospital by ambulance. Suggest a deputy meet ambulance. First witnesses on the scene were Fillbee and parents.”
Scott took our statements, called animal control and a wrecker. We paused to watch the ambulance turn north up Highway 78. Scott checks his report, nods his head up and down that he has everything. Taking out his camera and tape, Scott asks, “What’s the name of the lake just beyond Grue Church on the south side?”
“Russ Lake,” Pop replies adding, “A good duck hunting and Bluegill lake.”
“Might try it on my next day off,” Scott says closing his paperwork.
“Ask Walter Washam for access on the north or drive about two miles up Rabbit Run Road. A mile in it curves south and then a sharp west curve around a telephone pole, you take the next farm road north to ask Harry Peterman for access on the south, or ask him in Battle Lake. Harry is second chair in Tiller’s Barber shop.”
Nodding that he might, Scott waves goodbye to us. He lays his paperwork and camera on his fender preparing to measure the length of the skid marks in the gravel.
Pop collects Mom, shakes hands with Mr. and Mrs. Shewbert and thanks them for their help. It was pleasant to look at the countryside in moonlight. Halfway home, Pop slows for Dead Man’s Corner.
Our highway department built Highway 78 across a sunken place. The next morning the road had sunken into the bottom and disappeared. The next day, they built around the sunken place. A local legend holds that one night a speeding driver drove straight off the curve well marked with signs. His car crashed, burned, and the driver died.
Variations of it are numerous. The one I like best is the scariest and happens on a full moon Halloween night. In the morning, all they find is a 1928 Buick hood ornament and part of a rear fender.
It was difficult to sleep, nerves I guess. Turning the radio on low, the music helps to with sleepiness. Between songs, I hear that U.S. and British forces captured Sicily and allies suffered heavy loses on a second bombing raid on Schweinfurt’s Messerschmitt and ball bearing factories.
The next morning, over breakfast coffee, scrambled eggs and toast, we read about the Ashby robbery and Highway 78 accident in the Fergus Falls Daily Journal. I told Mom that I was not going to write about this incident in my journal because it was not a detective case.
However, Mom insisted saying, “We might be called as witnesses at his trial.”
To that reasoning, I had to agree.


Journal Entry: Thirteen
“We can’t find it.”

Returning home from my free movie and witness to an accident adventure, I sat in my office in the morning remembering my trip to the Twin Cities of St. Paul and Minneapolis. Sipping room temperature tea without any ice had seemed adventurous before my trip, but not this morning. Hoping no one would ask details about my trip to Minneapolis, my cover story was visiting friends. Grinning over remembering Pop’s telling of his game of horseshoes at Star Lake, I pick up a Detective Magazine and start to read. Minutes later, the phone rings.
Picking up the receiver, I say, “Fillbee Detective Agency, Fillbee speaking.”
“We can’t find it,” a familiar voice said.
“Is this who I think it is?”
“It is Marshal Rolik speaking. While you were off seeing movies, an accident by a gas station robber and visiting friends in Minneapolis, a thing happened. Van Elkhart’s Jewelry in Fergus was robbed. The thief stole a diamond ring, a special order $7,500 dollar stone set in a fancy engraved family gold ring estimated at $1,200. The thief trips the silent alarm. A witness saw him get into a two-door black ‘38 Packard with a driver side hubcap missing. One Fergus Falls police and two sheriff deputy cars chased him east on Highway 210.”
“I guess you were called.”
“I heard about it on the radio, parked on top Lake Street Hill to watch cars.”
“They lost him in bright lights from a car forgetting to dim his headlights turning out on 210 from the back road into and out of Battle Lake. At that same moment, the thief turns off his lights and turns off on Highway 78. The three pursuing cars stop to talk about it. They radio me to find out if he went through town. I report “negative.” The deputies split up. One heads south down Highway 78, one the old road, and the other continues west on 210. In the moonlight on a small rise a good mile in front, the deputy on the old road glimpses taillights of a fast moving car. Guessing it was the Packard, he calls the deputy on 210 to turn off at Old Town Camp and take the old road back this way. The Packard was now between them. They stop the thief’s car in that narrow strip of land between Clitheral and Crane lakes and arrest the thief. Two deputies search him, the car, and no ring. In Fergus, they twice search the thief and car. Three deputies return at daylight to walk-search that road. The law wants that ring as evidence. The family wants the ring, sentimental value, and has offered a $200 dollar reward.”
“I am sorry I missed all the excitement.”
“Have you any guesses about the ring?”
“No, don’t have a clue. If you find out any new information call me.”
“I will, Rolik out.”
The phone clicks off, and I put the receiver back. Something in the story puzzles me. The deputies stopped to talk. Yet, the deputy was close enough behind to see his car’s red taillights. That means that the thief stopped too. Either, he had an associate waiting to give it too, or he stashed it. The thief knew it would be easier for the law to convict him if the ring was on his person or found in his car. Knowing the ring’s value, he would not unless very desperate just toss it out the window. My guess is he stopped and stashed it.
Hooked on the case, I ask Margaret to get me Sheriff Hoberg.”
In a few moments, a deputy said, “I’ll get him.”
For a good two minutes, I wait.
“Fillbee, Sheriff Hoberg speaking.”
“Marshal Rolik told me you had a ring stolen. I called to ask what you found in the Packard.”
“He told you about the reward.”
“He did.”
“The Packard only had a suitcase of clothes, a change of shoes, break-in tools, and fishing gear.”
“Thanks, Sheriff. That gives me the full picture. I’ll call you if I think of anything.”
“Good luck, Hoberg out.”
Putting the receiver back, I thought about the old road. Three hundred yards up around a curve on a small rise, Highway 78 straightens out. Halfway down the backside of that rise, the thief turned off on the old Battle Lake-Clithrall road. A half-mile east it crosses through the south end of an open-water slough and the only turn off for miles was to the resort on Crane Lake.
Where on that stretch could he have stashed the ring? A million places, a tobacco can in the dirt next to a certain marked tree or fence post. Finishing my tea and carrying my glass back to the kitchen, I walk past Pop’s glass-top case mounted on the wall holding his prize fishing lure collection. Mounted in the center was his newest prize a red and white Jitterbug next to his Mechanical Frog lure. Pop was always trading lures.
His special secret was that slough on the old road. Anglers are always trying new places. Beside the road, there is on the north a telephone line with one pole on each side and a long droopy line across. Anglers stop, cast out to see if there are any fish in the slough, and sometimes their line wraps around that telephone line. When the slough freezes, Pop takes me along to collect lures. He holds the stepladder. I climb up with a bucket and cut ‘em loose.”
Back in the office, I wonder if the thief stopped, tied the ring on the fishing rod string, and on purpose cast to tangle his line. Whenever the slough freezes, he or an associate can come back and get it.
It was worth a look. I drove out to that slough, parked on the road, and got out for a look. Using my binoculars focused on the telephone line, my eyes study slowly down the line. Halfway across something shiny and have to stare at it for a moment before focusing on a ring. Walking down opposite it to look at the ground, I see his footprints.
A few minutes later, I am back in the office and calling the Sheriff.
“I was just going out Fillbee. What have you got?”
“The ring.”
“On you.”
“No. When can you meet me at the first slough on the old road off 78 south of Battle Lake?”
“Be an hour.”
“I’ll be waiting, Fillbee out.”
An hour and eight minutes later, Sheriff Hoberg’s car pulls to a stop.
Stepping out Hoberg asks, “Where’s the ring?”
I walk him to the footprints, point at them, hand him my binoculars and point at telephone line.
Frowning, he looks and does not see anything except several fishing lures hanging from it. He turns and starts to speak.
I interrupt saying, “Next to that red and white one, the Jitterbug.”
He looks again and grins.
“What better place to hide something than in plan sight. Tell an associate on a visit. His associate waits for it to freeze, walks out on the ice with a stepladder, and retrieves it. Fillbee, how do you suggest we retrieve the ring?”
“We can wait for it to freeze or tie two boats together with a stepladder. Some brave soul climbs up and cuts it free.”
Sheriff Hoberg calls in for 2 deputies, 2 rowboats, a stepladder and 300 feet of rope. We sit and talk about cases until they arrive. Using my binoculars, the Sheriff shows the deputies the ring. It shocked them to see it. He orders and supervises its retrieval.
For the town newspaper, they allow me to take two pictures of the retrieval and one with the Sheriff holding the ring.
With the ring safely in his shirt pocket, Sheriff Hoberg tells me, “You’ll get a reward, Fillbee.”
“No, Marshal Rolik provided the information. When you told me, he had fishing gear I just had to look here and found it. The deputies did the work. Sheriff, we split it five ways.”
“Thanks, Fillbee.”
Each of the deputies smiles and shakes my hand. I watch them load boats and drive back to Fergus Falls. In town, I park beside Marshal Rolik’s car at the hotel. As I step inside, I guess he is just finishing a late meal.
“Marshal, let me buy you a cup of coffee and congratulate you on finding the ring.”
“Don’t pull my leg,” he replied frowning.
“No, we did find it. You and the Sheriff provided the information. It made me think to check a place and found it. The thief stopped, tied the ring on his fishing line, cast so it would hang up on the telephone line across that first old road open-water slough. The Sheriff and two deputies tied together two rowboats with a stepladder and cut it free. They are driving back to Fergus. We split the reward five ways. One-fifth of $200 dollars is a forty-dollar share each.”
“Thanks Fillbee, I can use the money.”
“Marshal, after I finish this coffee I’m going home, develop the pictures of the retrieval, and when the picture are dry I will give them to you. You and I my friend will write it up. Go to sleep and when you wake, I will have three photos for you. Somehow, I will be disappointed if I do not see and read about it in the Battle Lake Review on Wednesday.”
“Agreed, Fillbee,” and offers his hand to shake on it.
The coffee was good but my picture quality average.
Somehow, the pictures and police report found their way into the Battle Lake paper.
On Wednesday, Mom and Margaret both told me, “The article was interesting.”
Pop shook my hand and with a frown added, “My secret’s out.”


Journal Entry: Fourteen
“Someone’s been driving in my pasture.”

It was Pop’s 47th birthday and he was home. For the last three years, Pop had been on the road on his special day. We plan to celebrate. War gas rationing rules out a picnic trip to Pop’s favorite place, the park below Inspiration Peak, the highest point in Minnesota.
In fact, Pop gave orders, “No wasting gas or sugar ... no cake.”
Mom and I split the cost of a pair of kid gloves for driving, a tube of Wild Geese hard summer sausage, his favorite Henning Meat Market Brand, and town bakery rye bread. Using two of my sugar stamps, I purchase a pound of granulated sugar and a pound of brown sugar. Mom mixes enough dough for two dozen Oatmeal Crispies, Pop’s favorite cookie. Mom rolls the dough in wax paper to sets overnight in the refrigerator. The next morning, Pop heads uptown to visit with the men in Tiller’s Barber Shop and maybe enjoy a game of cribbage.
Mom let me cut 1/4 inch thick cookies with extra fine silk fishing string and arrange them on ungreased cookie sheets. While the cookies bake, I slice hard summer sausage. Some two-inch thick slices like Pop packs on fishing trips and the rest thin. Pop did not like any bread with his summer sausage. Pop has a weakness for peanut butter on rye bread. The oil separated in the peanut butter jar and it was my task to stir it.
The radio pauses between songs for local farm news. As the music starts again, Mom puts on a pot of coffee and goes out back to spread a red and white checked oilcloth over our picnic table.
Pop came back for a noon meal. Mom hands him the coffee pot and points out the backdoor. I follow with a tray of sliced summer sausage, a loaf of sliced rye bread, a jar of peanut butter and 3 table knives. Mom follows with a tray of carefully arraigned Oatmeal Crispies, a flat thin hard cookie.
Outside at the picnic table Mom tells Pop, “Honey, this is our imagine picnic at Inspiration Peak.”
Grinning Pop replies in the spirit of the day, “And a grand day it is for it. The air is clear and I can see for miles. There is Urbank and that little clump of houses off to the southwest must be Millerville. Farmers are out in the meadows busy haying, their late second or early third cutting. Northwest, I can look up Road 58 almost to the Vining and Almora road. I’m glad we came this year.”
Mom and Pop settle into talking about other visits to Inspiration Peak, especially the one Pop proposed to Mom and my first year visit. Our talk continues through summer sausage, rye bread and peanut butter, and do seriously reduce the number of Oatmeal Crispies. Not even, coffee refills interrupt our pleasant backyard picnic.
Halfway through my third Oatmeal Crispy, I hear my phone ring. I hurry into the house and into my office. Lifting the receiver, I hear an angry man’s voice.
“Someone’s been driving in my pasture. I don’t keep cows anymore. The hay’ cut. No damage, but a man does not want strangers driving around his pasture. Find that out, Fillbee.”
“Who is this speaking?”
“Harry Gorstum, I own the farm just over the hill from the water tower.”
“I will Mister Gorstum.”
“Call me Harry, everyone else does.
“Harry, I’ll investigate.”
‘Thanks,” and the phone clicks.
Outside, I explain my new case to Mom and Pop and leave finishing my Crispy.
Halfway up the back steps Pop shouts, “More Crispies for me.”
Closing the screen door, I yell back, “Save me one.”
Up at the water tower at the end of the Henning Street blocked off by a gate after the county discontinued the old Henning-Battle Lake Road and let it return to pasture land, I study the ground at the four-strand barbwire gate. In the dirt, I see tractor and wagon tracks. On top of those were car tire tracks, narrow tires of an old car and footprints no larger than my feet would make, a small or young man. Scouting around, I find an old black Model-T Ford parked behind a row of bushes in a small stand of Maple trees.
Walking out and busy closing the gate, a voice behind me asks, “What were you doing in Grandpa’s pasture?”
“Budge Beeson, your Grandfather Harry Gorstum hired me to find out who has been driving a car around his pasture. This fall you are a freshman and at fourteen cannot get a license to drive. Do I have to look further?”
“No. I wanted to learn to drive. Norman Watts wanted to sell his old Model-T for $45 dollars. I had been saving my money from lawns and paper route. I knew Mister Watson down at the resort was looking for an old car to fix up and drive in area parades. He was even building a garage for one. He and I made an agreement. I buy the car, drive this summer, and he will buy it from me before the first snow for what I paid for it. He even drove it up to the water tower for me. I broke no laws.
“I will have to report my findings.”
“Wait until tomorrow afternoon. I’ll tell Grandpa this evening.”
“I’ll wait ... enjoy the drive.”
Budge nods and I hand him the post of the open gate for him to close. I drive home to enjoy a saved Oatmeal Crispy. The rest of the afternoon in the backyard, we visit with neighbors and relatives that stop by. With Mom’s help, I cook burgers outside.
It was a grand moonless cool night for sleeping. Waiting for sleepiness, I listen to radio music and war news. The Germans retreated from Kharkov.
The next morning, Harry Gorstum calls, “Grandson is driving up there. What do I owe you?”
“I did nothing. You owe me nothing.”
“Thanks,” and the phone clicks.
Hoping for a quiet restful day, Mom yells, “Picnic clean up. I’ll wash ... You dry.”


Journal Entry: Fifteen
“Who stole my barrels?”

Lost deep in chapter seven of the Hobbit and holding the upper corner of the first page of chapter eight, my phone rings. I lift the receiver.
In my ear, a man’s angry voice said loudly, “Who stole my barrels?”
“Who is this,” I ask.
“Silas Adkeson, owner of Adkeson’s Dairy. We bottle milk in glass bottles and deliver it around town. Our milk comes from Adkeson’s farms, operated by my sons John and James. You know me.”
“Yes, Mr. Adkeson I do and my Pop appreciates that you let the Battle Lake Horseshoe Association put their stakes and sand boxes in the west half of your business lot on Main.”
“Thanks ... when young I played some ... back to my barrels. When I went out this morning to roll ‘em out for my sons to come by for them, they were gone. My sons need those barrels to fill with gas for their farm tractors during a late third cutting of hay. The barrels were there yesterday because I had to move one so James could haul a load of junk off to the dump. Two empty twenty-gallon painted white steel barrels do not just walk away. Last night, someone stole ‘em.”
“You are hiring me to find your barrels.”
“Yes. John bought two replacements down at the co-op for two dollars each. They’re cutting hay on James’ farm as soon as the dew dries.”
“I’ll be right down to investigate, Mr. Adkeson.”
“Good,” and the phone clicks.
Less than five minutes later, I am parking at Adkeson’s Dairy on Main Street.
Mr. Adkeson pokes his head out the door and points toward the back.
Behind the concrete block building, I find two rings of killed grass where the barrels had sat. Studying the ground, I see one left footprint in the dirt with a broken off outer heel corner. I make a plaster cast of it.
While it dries, I drive around town looking for a truck or pickup with white barrels. I even drive two miles outside of town on the old Battle Lake-Underwood Road past the Adkeson farms. I find nothing and return to collect my footprint cast.
I spend the day sitting on the outside bench in front of the Hotel watching street traffic and vehicles stopping for gas at the Texaco Station across the street. Disappointed, I went home to an equally disappointing goulash supper. It was good but I am not a fan of goulash. The only bright spot of the day was Mom’s hot yeast-biscuits ripped open and smeared with honey-butter.
At dark fall, I was asleep. Rudely, the phone rings at 4:23. Sleepily, I lift the receiver and say, “Fillbee.”
“Went out to hook-up my water hose to run the sprinkler over new grass seeding, and my hose was gone. Some dirty bugger stole it. Find out who took it.”
“Who is this?”
“Scooter Weyer speaking. I’m the Telegrapher and Manager of Battle Lake Depot.”
“You live out on West Holdt Street beyond the grain elevator about a block.”
“Yes. In March, I had an old stump removed, had fresh dirt hauled in, and let it settle all spring. The spot has fresh straw over new grass. I was watering it ever day for the first week. My hose hookup is in the basement. Not wanting to leave it open, I unhook the hose, close the basement door and leave the garden hose outside. Each day, I move it so it will not leave a killed grass streak across my yard.”
“I’ll come by for a look.”
“Hurry, I’ve got to be at work at five.”
“Okay, as soon as I dress.”
“Thanks,” the phone clicks.
Quickly dressing, gulping down a half glass of milk and walk out chewing on the last one of Mom’s Oatmeal Crispies. Sleepiness causes me to drive past West Holdt Street. Shaking my head over being so careless and wasting gas, I turn uphill to Summit, drive east to Lake Street and turn south to try it a second time. On top of Lake Street Hill, I see at the bottom a dark pickup drive up the railroad tracks without headlights carrying two light-colored barrels. It was suspicious.
Muttering, “My barrels,” I pull over and reach in back for my Beau Browning. The pickup turns south at the railroad crossing and speeds toward Half Mile Corner. Halfway there the headlights flash on and I snap a picture, but am sure it is a waste of film. Without slowing or stopping, the pickup crosses 210 and continues south on 78 Highway.
Looking around, I see Marshal Rolik’s car stops at the corner stop sign of Main and Lake Street. I jump out and run across the street as his car turns my way and stops.
While I catch my breath, he asks, “Up kinda early ... Fillbee.”
“Pickup without lights and two barrels in the back drove up the tracks down by the Depot and turned south on 78. Call it in. We have gas thieves.”
“Can’t, until I know it did happen. Hop in.”
Moments later, we park at the Depot and walk back to the Tanks. Marshal Rolik points out the lack of light. Beside the largest tank, we find a carelessly dropped new looking Red Ryder BB gun used to shoot out the light bulb. In the dark, they used Scooter’s garden hose to siphon out forty gallons of gas. There it laid discarded and leaking out a small puddle of gas. The vehicle tracks show old half-bald tire treads. In soft earth, I see a left footprint with a corner missing on the heel. Instantly, I connect this to the stolen barrels and am sure it is Scooter Weyer’s missing hose.
“I’ll call it in,” Marshal Rolik tells me rushing back to his car.
I suggest, “Marshall, ask the Sheriff to inform the OPA and U.S. Marshal Venire at St. Cloud of the gas theft.
Just as Marshal Rolik finishes with the radio call to the Sheriff, the Station Master’s car pulls in. Scooter Weyer frowns over seeing Marshal Rolik in his police car with the radio mike in his hand and me.
“I waited for you as long as I could.”
“I missed the turn and went on around. On top of Lake Street Hill, I saw a pickup with two barrels in back drive up the railroad tracks without lights. They turned south. I flagged down the Marshal. We investigated and found they siphoned two barrels of gas out of the main tank. Marshal Rolik called the sheriff to report it and ask him to contact U.S. Marshal Venire and the OPA.”
Frowning, Scooter Weyer looks at the Marshal and me as if he was trying to decide if it was true. Then, he clicks on his flashlight and starts back to look.
Marshal Rolik tells him, “Don’t touch anything.” He gets out of his car and follows to make sure nothing changes. I sit and wonder if the thieves will stay on 78 or turn off and zigzag across country on gravel roads.
By the time they return, I would put money down on backcountry roads. They had local knowledge. They knew which tank held gas, knew the station depot had no night operator, knew where to get empty barrels, knew the tanks only had one light, and even knew that Scooter did not take his garden hose in at night. One or more locals planned to steal gas and did. I am sure of this much.
“Mr. Weyer, open up and let me use the phone.”
“Who are you going to call?”
“The Sheriff in Fergus.”
“I cannot authorize that.”
“Fillbee, get in ... I’ll radio him.”
“Okay,” I reply slipping in and slamming the car door.
“Marshal Rolik calling Sheriff Hoberg ... Marshal Rolik of Battle Lake calling Sheriff Hoberg for Fillbee ... Rolik calling Sheriff Hoberg for Fillbee.”
In a moment, Sheriff answers, “What Fillbee!”
“They, I am assuming two, knew where to get empty barrels, knew that Scooter Weyer left his water house out at night, knew which tank held gas, knew there was no night operator at the depot, knew the tanks had only one light, and knew a BB gun would be enough to shoot out the light bulb. One of the pair might even have bought a Red Ryder BB gun yesterday locally. On half bald tires, they drove south on 78. They will not go far on those tires. I believe they will turn off and head west. The least developed tourist area locally and easiest to hide in is around the north side of North Turtle Lake. Have your dispatcher ask Underwood Marshal Jerome Johns to watch 210-35 junction and stop your deputies headed this way on 210 before they get to Lake Stoker and North Turtle Lake road junction east of Underwood. Have them stop back out of sight on top of the hill and find a concealed place to watch that crossroad in the valley. I think they will cross it in ten minutes or so. To be safe, ask the night-watchman for Old Town Camp and Clitherall to watch the 5-210 Junction and ask the Vining night-watchman to watch Junction 50 on the Almora Road.”
“Will do, Hoberg out.”
“What made you think of the Stoker-Turtle Junction?”
“Pop loves to go fishing, but after sitting in a truck for days does not like to sit in boats. Years ago, when they put in the new road, Highway 210, they changed the old Road. Ottertail County decommissioned the old road from Lake Stoker to Underwood and took out the old wooden bridge. They built a new shorter gravel road along the North Turtle Lake runoff that some call “Turtle Creek.” Pools along that road, north and south of 210 are some of Pop’s favorite fishing places. Many others fish there too, and the area around North Turtle Lake is not cluttered with many resorts.”
“Fillbee, I’ll tell my deputies. Sheriff, out,” and transmission ends.
Hanging up the mike, Marshal Rolik says, “Let’s get you back to your car. You go home. I am headed for my station at Half Mile.
Marshal Rolik drives me up the hill, swings around in a circle, and stops.
I jump out and standing on the old Ford’s running board watch him speed toward Half Mile Junction. With him on station, I climb in the old Ford and drive home. Trying not to wake up Mom, I settle for bowl of Corn Flakes and a banana. Eating breakfast, I close the door and turn on low my Police Radio. For four minutes, nothing happens.
Then, I hear a deputy report, “Suspect pickup crossed 210 headed north. We are in pursuit.”
I grin and wait.
Five minutes later, the same deputy says, “Stopped 1936 rusty black Dodge Pickup with two full painted white barrels in back. Two suspects apprehended without struggle. Put prisoners in car and one deputy driving pickup back.”
I smile, click off the radio, step over to the daybed couch, lie down, and pull the sheet over me. In minutes, I doze.


Journal Entry: Sixteen
“You’ve got a call.”

While eating a leftover warmed pancake with two fried eggs on top and talking with Mom, I hear my phone ring out on the porch. Rushing out, I pick up saying, “Fillbee speaking.”
“You’ve got a call,” Margaret tells me.
A calm firm voice of someone used to giving orders speaks. “Fillbee, you father has a vacation, two weeks starting Thursday.”
Frowning that a stranger would know that I reply, “Yes ... Who is this?”
“Colonel Willet, OSS stationed in Los Angeles.”
“Why are you calling, Colonel?”
“In the mail today you will receive an answer to that question. All I can say on the phone is to ask you to collect your mail early this morning. I ask if you will.
“Yes, I will.”
“Thank you. Willet signing off,” and the phone clicks.
Mom asks but I shake my head. We finish breakfast talking about preparations for our two-week vacation in Grand Rapids, visiting friends and fishing in Lake Itasca, where the Mississippi River starts.
After breakfast, I develop the film and the negative is worst than poor. On the way up to the Post Office, the radio announces that Hamburg has been bombed into ruin before I stop at Miles Rosebook, the town portrait photographer.
“Hi Fillbee,” Miles says opening to my knock.
“Miles, will you look at this negative. Any hope?”
Taking the negative and holding it up to the light, he shakes his head. Trying to be kind, he adds, “Maybe with number 4 paper and underexpose it might work.”
“Miles, I need seven copies. I will take your best effort in 4x5’s and not complain,” I tell him taking out my billfold.
“Three dollars ... come by before supper.”
I hand over three dollars and offer my hand to seal the deal. We shake and I leave saying, “Thanks.”
In the morning mail, there is a letter from Colonel Willet. At home, I open it to find a bus ticket to Fergus Fall airport, an airplane ticket to Minneapolis, leave twenty-minute after arrival, a three-quarter hour layover in Denver, Colorado, and on to Los Angeles. Holding the letter and showing five ten dollar bills, I tell Mom, “Taxi and food money. I will not be going with you.”
Mom looks at the letter, nods, and asks, “Hush-hush.”
I nod adding, “Morning bus at 7:41.”
“Need any help?”
Shaking my head, I walk back toward my office explaining, “I have to finish a couple reports before I leave.”
In the office, I write the gas thieves report and drive down and pick up my prints and negative. I put a copy and a photograph in six manila envelopes. I deliver three to Marshal Rolik and mail three. I ask him to drop the extra copy by to Mr. Adkeson. The last one, I put in my desk drawer before packing. Mom and I work on finishing leftover spaghetti and meatballs at noon. Pop comes in about 4:30 in a vacation mood and takes us out to supper. That night, I am plagued with a restless sleep. Up early, I am fifteen minutes early for the bus.
In Fergus, I take a taxi to the airport, fly to Minneapolis and change planes to Denver, lay over for refueling, and continue on to Los Angles. In the L.A. airport, Colonel Willet in a military uniform meets me and drives me to a Woodland Hills Hotel on Ventura Avenue near the north edge of the city. On the way to the Hotel, Colonel Willet tells me my duties.
“You will deliver messages. We will pick the ones to deliver. Three men and the Secretary do not go outside so we cannot photograph them. We believe each name used is an alias. We want you to look at the face of each person. When back at the station draw it. Our people will then determine who that person is. People, we follow drop off coded messages with a delivery service to make it difficult to put together an arrest and court case.”
For a full day, I practice riding a messenger delivery bicycle in traffic on Ventura.
Then, we move to a Maxwell’s Messenger Service station north of the Post Office and across the street from the Orange County Court House. I sit in a room and study a detailed street map of the area. I only leave to deliver two practice messages.
On the second day, Colonel Willet hands me a message and says, “This is it.”
Through traffic dodging cars, trucks, and other bikes, I ride two blocks down Main Street to stop in front of Pacific Shipping on street level of the three-story Whitehead Building. Stepping inside, I tell the brown-haired oval faced secretary, “Message for Mr. J.E. Agar.”
“Just a moment,” she answers and speaks into the intercom, “Message for Mr. Agar.”
In a moment, one of three office doors opens and a fat white-headed round faced double-chinned clean-shaven man in a light tan suit says, “I’m Mr. Agar.”
I hand him the message.
Saying, “Thanks,” Mr. Agar drops a half dollar tip in my palm. Turning, he walks back into his office.
I nod at the secretary, step outside and pedal back to the station. Carefully, I sketch Mr. Agar’s round face and the oval faced secretary. The Colonel is pleased. An aid rushes off with my work. Hours later, a message for a Mr. Haws at the same address and I deliver it. Mr. Haws, a tall long Nordic faced man with a crew cut and large ears, steps out of the third office door to collect his message. Again, I receive a half dollar for my trouble. Back at the station, I sketch Mr. Haws and the aid rushes off.
For the next two days, I deliver three messages for Agar and two for Haws. From my tip coins, they gain a partial thumb and fingerprint from Haws and a complete set from Agar. In the middle of the fourth morning, I deliver a message to Mr. Vann at that address. He turns out to be a short slender angular-faced small-headed man with a prominent chin and obviously likes to exercise. Again, I receive a half dollar tip and draw his face.
I am pleased to find out on the way to lunch that the last tip coin had a good thumb and index finger fingerprint.
After a salad and tuna sandwich lunch, smiling Colonel Willet hands me an envelope saying, “We thank you for your service. We are returning you to vacation with your parents in Grand Rapids. If we paid wages, it might cause trouble for you locally. Someone would trace the money back to us, do a story, and that might lead to fewer cases for your agency. Instead of a week’s pay, what would you like?”
“A better camera.”
“What do you have now?”
“A Beau Browning.”
“We will try to find something and send it. We may need you again.”
“Any time ... It is an honor to serve.”
The envelope, held airplane tickets to Fargo, North Dakota, a hundred dollars in ten dollar bills with a paper clipped note saying taxi fare, supper in Denver, and bus fare to Grand Rapids.
Mom fussed over me. Pop shook my hand and the three of us enjoyed catch and release fishing in Deer, Bass, and Itasca Lakes. The last day, Pop and I accompanied Mom looking and shopping in stores around the center of town.
At home, no one except Mom and Pop knew I had been away on my second secret mission.


Journal Entry: Seventeen
“Who has been driving around the infield?”

After returning from vacation, cleaning things, and storing them away, I needed rest. Dozing on my daybed, the phone rings and rudely wakes me.
Picking up the receiver an angry man’s voice says, “Find out who has been driving around the infield.”
Sleepily I ask, “Who is this?
“Coach Vanzandt of the Battle Lake Lakers is speaking.”
“What field?”
“I want you to find out who has been driving around the Battle Lake baseball diamond infield.”
“Oh ... okay.
“Get at it,” and the phone clicks off.
Walking out with the keys to the old ’36 Ford, I grumble about “no rest for the weary.” Taking my time, I stop to get my mail on the way to the ball diamond. Three cards mixed in with my four letters and junk mail say “package.” Puzzled over not ordering anything and getting three packages, I present the cards at the window.
Jim Swenson hands me three boxes with a wink.
Wondering about the wink, I carry them out to the car and lay them on the front seat. My curious eyes see two are from Kodak and one from Argus, both camera sellers. Immediately, I open the largest and heaviest Kodak box first, a full case of 620 films. The next Kodak box held a new Vigilant Junior Six-20 camera kit, fixed focal lens, case, and lens cap. It was a top of the line box camera. The Argus box contain a new Argus Argoflex twin lens reflex (TLR) camera kit that included flash, leather case, book, adapter rings, lens filter, and close-up lens. This was a real camera with a 75mm lens with stops from f4.5 to f18, and flash synchronized speed settings from 1/10 to 1/200 of a second.
Still thinking about cameras, I park at the baseball field behind the school and walk out on the infield without bases. Staring at car tire tracks that made at least five circles, I mutter, “Driving the bases.” I need to record the scene. The morning was clear and the sky was bright blue, perfect picture weather. Loading up the Vigilant Junior Six-20 with a roll of 620 film, I shot too many, a full roll.
Back home, I carried in my mission pay and went down in the basement to develop the roll. The negatives were great. While they dried, I played with holding the Argus at waist level and looking down through the viewfinder. If not alert, this camera would limit camera angle. I read the booklet about the Argus twin reflex camera and played with attachments. Mom calls me to lunch, Proudly, I show her both cameras sent to me instead of a cash payment. She was impressed.
While eating, the radio announces war new. Italy surrenders and joins the Allies against Germany. U.S. paratroopers land at Nadzab in New Guinea. Germans take control of Rome and northern Italy. U.S. Forces capture Salamaua and Lae. U.S. Forces under General Clark land at Salerno, thirty miles south of Naples. Germany installs Mussolini as the puppet head of Italian Government of Northern Italy.
After lunch, I drive back to the ball diamond to talk to the neighbors. Only a widow woman, Mrs. Marie Olson, living just across from the turnoff into the parking area saw anything. She saw a green car stop. The driver opened the gate the tractor uses to drag the field, drove around and around, drove out, and closed the gate as he left. She thought it strange.
“Mrs. Olson, there was no real damage. This evening the tractor will drag out the tracks. However, it is not something the coach wants to happen again. As you know, the field will soon be doing double duty ending summer baseball and start fall school P.E. class softball. May I park in your driveway and watch the field.”
“A stakeout ... Oh how exciting!”
“Is that a yes?”
“It is. My kitchen window has a better view than the drive. Young man, you will be my guest. Can I help you look? I’ve ice tea in the fridge and a cookie jar of frosted Sugar cookies.”
How could any detective refuse such an offer? I nod, smile, and say, “I like help.”
“Come on in. As they say on the radio, we’ll suffer through a tough stakeout. You do not mind music, I am sure, and your Mom listens to the soaps. You probably know all about Helen Trent’s latest troubles.”
“I like music,” I confess.
“It will be a wonderfully difficult stakeout, but we’ll catch him... won’t we!”
“We will.”
“It will be such an exciting adventure.”
“It will.”
Inside, Mrs. Olson adjusts the table and chairs. Gives me the best view and pours two large glasses of ice tea, puts a three-quarter full topless cookie jar in the middle of the table, turns on the radio to Morning Music Showcase. For the rest of the day, we take turns looking, visiting, and enjoy a meatloaf, mashed potato and milk gravy, green beans, and baking powder biscuit lunch. I do extreme damage to the frosted Sugar cookie level inside her cookie jar. Before leaving for home and supper, I tell Mrs. Olson, “Call the operator, if you see anything and tell my Aunt Margaret to call me.”
It was a quiet evening without a call. At 7:28, the next morning I carry in Mrs. Olson’s morning paper. Her kitchen smells of baking cookies. We breakfasted together. While she cleaned away the mess from scrambled eggs, strawberry jam toast, pork sausage patties and coffee, I read aloud articles of interest in the morning paper. Often I pause my reading to sample her delicious first batch of still warm Peanut Butter Cookies. After the fourth one, I have enough scientific evidence to announce, “They’re delicious.”
Mrs. Olson beams.
At 10:37, a green car pulls into the parking area. Using the fixed lens Vigilant Six-20, I start taking pictures of the opening of the gate, driving in on the newly dragged field, and two of a half dozen driving turns around, driving the bases.
“Come on outside,” I tell Mrs. Olson.
We rushed out into the yard.
“We don’t want to alert the prey,” I explain to Mrs. Olson.
Grinning, she nods.
I point saying, “You stand there. It will look like I am taking a picture of you and your pretty flowerbed, but am really taking his picture.”
Mrs. Olson giggles like a young girl and poses where I point. I take a photo of the car leaving the field, another of the driver closing the gate and one leaving the parking area. Luck was with me, the green car turns our way. I step three steps to the right and back one, Mrs. Olson turns to face me. She smiles, points at her flowers again, and I take the picture as the driver goes past. I turn, crank the film, and take a last one at the back of his car hoping to capture a license plate number.
Mrs. Olson was so excited she wants to go home with me and help develop the film. I beg out saying, “It’s a one person task and the strong chemicals do irritate some people’s hands.”
As my old Ford backs out of her driveway, Mrs. Olson shouts, “I can’t wait.”
I wave and return at dusk with a set of pictures just for her.
The photos excite Mrs. Olson. I did not have the heart to refuse her invitation for ice tea and a small lunch-sized sack of her last remaining peanut butter and sugar cookies. She studies each picture with her magnifying glass, and giggles, “Just like Sherlock Holmes.”
Escaping from Mrs. Olson, I deliver a full set of pictures to Coach Vanzandt.
He takes one look at the driver and says, “Hunter Everoski, big brother in England and dad in the Pacific. Grandpa and Hunter are keeping the farm going. Haying must be over. I’ll show these to Grandpa. It will not happen again. Thanks, bill me.”
“No charge ... I enjoy watching a baseball game when time permits.”
“Thanks. See you at the game.”
“See yah,” I said showing myself out.
At home, I look forward to a good nights sleep. Mom and Pop want to see the pictures. Both complimented me on their clarity. My clock said 9:18 as I pull the sheet up and drift off.


Journal Entry: Eighteen
“I saw a stray dog.”

The ringing phone woke me. Looking at the clock that said 4:14, I grab the receiver and press it to my ear.
A firm but calm voice said, “Fillbee, I saw a stray dog.”
“Who is this?”
“Grady Hammond. The Hammond Farm is on the old Underwood Road, big red barn on top of the second rise two and a half miles west. You can’t miss it.”
“Where did you see the dog, Mister Hammond?”
“Over the rise to the west, down near my line fence corner. I was getting the cows up for morning milking and a golden Cocker Spaniel walks out along the weeds and brush. I chased the cows up and called you.”
“Could it have been a neighbor’s dog?”
“The neighbors have dogs but not a Cocker Spaniel. All they’re good for is petting, rabbit hunting, night watching or chasing chickens.”
“I’ll be right out, Mister Hammond.”
“Good, I’ll be in the barn milking,” and the phone clicks.
Twenty-eight minutes later, I walk up to the open door of a red barn with Hammond Farm painted over it. Inside, Mister Hammond milks a tall white Holstein with black spots.
“You don’t get up early do you, Fillbee.”
“No, not often,” I reply. Looking down the gutter behind a row of six Holsteins, I see a woman wet stripping a black Holstein with white spots. Finished, she stands up and steps across the gutter carrying an almost full milk pail and a three-legged stool.”
Mr. Hammond says, “Dorothy, my wife.”
I nod and Mrs. Hammond smiles.
As his wife pours her three-quarter pail of foaming milk in the strainer on top of a milk can, Mister Hammond points west. “It was on down the hill near the road fence corner.”
“Thanks,” I reply, nod and turn, walk back to the car to drive down closer to the fence corner. Fifty yards from the corner, I stop, get out my rope catchpole, hook both sections together, and walk down. Using the corner brace to step on, I carefully climb over the five-strand barbwire fence. Walking along the weeds and brush away from the corner, a golden Cocker Spaniel walks out. He looks friendly, but to be safe the loop on the end of my pole eases over his head and tightens.
Pulling the dog to me, a voice says, “Pal is my dog.”
“Is he now,” I reply.
“I’m Dale Akins, penniless and out of work. When they finish milking, I was going to walk up and ask for a handout.”
“Let’s go do that now. I’ll give you a ride up, if you can prove the dog is yours.”
“Here Pal,” he commands.
Pal lunges toward him and I let go. He bends over to pet the dog.
“Get in the car,” I order taking off the rope loop. Climbing the fence, I take apart the catchpole and wait for him to climb over too. The dog walks under and Dale Akins picks him up.
“Put Pal in the cage in the back.”
He did as requested and got in. Driving west to a wider spot in the road, I turn around and head back to the Hammonds. “Leave Pal in the cage and come with me,” I order.
Mister Hammond stares at the stranger while pouring his pail of milk in the milk can strainer.
“Mister Hammond, do you know this man.”
“No,” he replies shaking his head.
“He is Dale Akins and calls the dog “Pal.” He’s penniless walking the road looking for work, a meal, and a place to stay.”
“If he is a worker and Pal doesn’t chase chickens, I have two weeks work cutting wood, fence fixing, and mowing pasture-land weeds.”
Dale Akins replies, “Mister Hammond, Pal don’t chase chickens and I’m a good worker.”
“You’re hired. The Missus left to start breakfast. Thanks Fillbee.”
Turning and leaving, I nod. Outside letting Pal out of the cage, I hear Mister Hammond say, “As soon as I chase these cows out to pasture, you can help me carry this milk can, strainer, and pails down to the house.”
Back home, I draw a picture of Dale Akin’s face and put it in a letter to Marshal Venire. Hungry, I head for the kitchen to make breakfast and was busy frying an egg when Mom walks in.
“Up early,” she says sleepily walking to the coffee pot.
“Out on a stray dog case,” I reply with a grin.
Pouring a cup of steaming coffee, Mom looks possessively at my egg in the pan. Smiling and slipping a piece of bread in the toaster, she tells me, “Be careful, I like mine over-easy.”
Turning her egg over without breaking the yolk, I marveled how easy it was to go from detective to cook. After washing breakfast dishes and leaving them in the rack to dry, I return to the office to work on billing. During a break, I re-read a new photography magazine about an idea new to me, about creating a long picture by cutting a series of pictures to form one long one.
To try the new idea, I wait until the afternoon sun highlights the east side of Main Street. Using my reflex camera, I start on the west side sidewalk across from the Movie Theater and take pictures down the street of the other side. I try to center each business or empty lot in a frame, wait a few times for traffic to clear, and use two rolls.
At home, I developed negatives and am pleased with the sharpness. Carefully, I make an 8x10 of each one. On a long board, I lay out my pictures of Lake Street’s east side and using Pop’s paper cutter carefully cut the white side-trim off each. Next, I match each one to the next one, position one edge on top, and with a razor blade and ruler carefully cut one doubled edge at a time. Finally, I tape the backside of the pictures together into a three-foot nine-inch picture. With a long straight 1x3 for a ruler, I cut square and straight the tops and bottoms. Proud of my efforts, I carry it up to my office on a pine board and put off deciding if I should try to make a frame or pay for one.
The next morning while I am sipping an after breakfast cup of tea and still trying to decide, the ringing phone delays my decision.
A voice I recognize says, “I’ve been a taken.”
“Is this Ralph Jackson owner of the Coast-to-Coast Store?”
“It is. Yesterday, a well-dressed man in a ’41 blue four-door Cadillac convertible came in a few minutes after four. He purchased $73 dollars worth of items. I took his check because it was on the Battle Lake Bank even though it was too late to call the bank. This morning, the bank teller Clark Meeker tells me that that account number does not exist. I called the Sheriff to report a bad check and gave a description. He suggested I ask you to draw a picture of the man. Will you?”
“Be right down.”
“Thank.”
In the store, Mr. Jackson helps me complete a picture of the man’s face. On the way out, I tell him, “I’ll mail a copy of this to the sheriff.”
At home, I make a copy. To get in a far side drawer and hunt the correct size envelope, I had to move my panorama picture board. Setting it down on the floor under the window, I look down at the picture of the Coast-to-Coast store for I had just come from there. Staring at the row of parked cars, I see the back and left side view of a ’41 Cadillac convertible. I knew the year and car model from the three short white stripes behind the front and back wheel wells and rear fender skirts. Trying to remember if it was blue, I pick up the phone and call Sheriff Hoberg.
“What you got, Fillbee.”
“I have a facial picture of a bad check man and his blue Cadillac convertible in a black and white photo. The Kansas license plate number is 783 dash 261. I will mail you both pictures and a brief report.”
“Hold ‘em about ten minutes, Scott is almost over to do a report on the incident.”
“I will take them up to the store.”
“Good, Hoberg out.”
Sadly removing the store picture from my panorama, I write a brief report.
Uptown, I park beside Scott’s police car and deliver my envelope of pictures and report. Scott was pleased with it. He hurriedly takes Mr. Jackson’s statement, rushes out to his car and yells, “Thanks,” backing out and driving away.
Mr. Jackson and I watch him turn west at Half Mile Corner and head back for Fergus Fall at top speed.
Back home after supper working on billing, the phone rings.
I pick up and answer, “Fillbee Detective Agency, Fillbee speaking.”
“I am Homer Kovacevic and live out west on the old Battle Lake-Underwood road two miles.”
“How can I help you, Mister Kovacevic?”
“I need a favor. I ask because you were in Jenene’s class and my daughter Paige suggested your name.”
“I remember Jenene and Paige and will do the favor it I’m able.”
“I switched from milking to beef four years ago. Each year, I raise a batch of a hundred leghorn replacement hens for Herfindall’s Egg farm. The Royce bull got out. My Hereford bull and his Holstein bull fought. They tore a hole in my chicken pen fence and some less than twenty young seven-week-old birds flew out. In cleaning up the mess they made and fixing fence, I twisted my ankle. Jenene is off at Morehead State Teachers College. Tonight should be a warm three-quarter moon night. Leghorns will fly up in trees to roost. Should be no trouble seeing a white bird. I want you to help my youngest daughter Paige get them back in the pen. Paige will climb up and hand them down to you. You put them in chicken crates.”
“What time?”
“At dusk and by the time you two locate the birds and carry out the crates, it will be time to catch ‘em.”
“I’ll be there.”
“Thanks,” and the phone clicks.
Complete billing, mail five bills, and I change into work clothes.
In the middle of forkful of ground beef and rice, Mom asks, “Why those?”
“At dark, I am helping catch chickens.”
“You know that chickens roost in chicken houses at night. People get shot messing around scaring chickens.”
“Mister Kovacevic had a hole in his fence and about twenty young leghorn hens escaped. Fixing, he twisted his ankle and cannot help his daughter get them back into the hen house. He asked if I would help Paige. She will climb up and catch them and I put them in crates.”
With a smile Mom asks, “Are you doing it for Homer or his daughter. You know she is only thirteen.”
“Mom,” was all I could think to reply as my face felt warm.
At dusk, I pull into the Kovacevic drive, park, and walk toward the house. A husky freckled-nosed smiling girl with braided dishwater hair in a long sleeve faded blue shirt and slacks with a torn out right knee steps outside to greet me, “Hi Fillbee.”
“Hi Paige,” I reply and add, “Nice night for it.”
“Sure is,” Paige replies and gives me my orders.
“The leghorns are in the hog lot trees. Grab a side of that first crate. We’ll come back for the other. We can crowd ‘em a little. It’ll be a short stay.”
Dutifully, I grab my side. We carry the empty chicken crate out past a red barn and henhouse with a large chicken pen. It had a woven wire and chicken wire fence around with chicken wire over top. At the far end, I see evidence of patching. Paige climbs over the hog lot woven wire fence. I hand the empty crate to her before climbing over. About twenty or thirty yards in, I see white spots on low tree limbs. We set the crate down and go back for the other one.
Returning, Paige easily climbs up, grabs a chicken by its legs, and hands it down. I put it in the crate. We divide seventeen young hens between crates before walking around to see if we missed any. Carefully, we carry the loaded crates back to the hog lot fence. It is a struggle to hand each crate over to Paige. We carry both into the henhouse. Paige takes each young hen out and turns it loose.
Watching Paige, I ask, “How old are you?”
“Fourteen, three weeks ago,” Paige says and wrinkles her nose at me.
Smiling over her being older than Mom thought, I help Paige carry the empty crates to a storage shed.
“Wash up,” Paige says pointing at a table with a towel, soap dish, basin and bucket of water with a dipper in it.
I wash up and wait for Paige to do the same.
On the way inside, Paige tells me over her shoulder, “Mom’s baking apples.”
Inside, Mrs. Geraldine Kovacevic, Paige’s mother serves four still warm baked apples, but not any like I had seen before. Each apple had a piecrust shell and baked with brown sugar and maple syrup in the core cavity. With a cool glass of milk, Mrs. Kovacevic serves it upside down in a bowl with warm sweet cherries in cherry syrup dribbled over top. It was delicious.
Afterward, Paige gave me a tour of their house. In the living room with her parents listening, we talk for a few minutes about school, the farm, and my job. I found Paige to have calm temperament, was intelligent, and pleasant to talk with. Excusing myself, I walk out to the car and all three yell, “Thanks,” and wave at me driving away.
A week later while sitting and noticing the leaves were turning and wondering what Paige was doing, Sheriff Hoberg calls. “Sent your bad check pictures all around, and last night Brainerd city police saw your license number. They stopped the blue four-door Cadillac convertible and a Mister Allen Roice aka Joseph Sabine aka Clarence Gentz with a believed birth name of Clarence Allen Carabaugh was arrested. In his car, the arresting officer found a trunk full of listed items and in the glove box fake account check blanks for nine different Minnesota banks. Good work, Fillbee. Hoberg out.”
The next week, I received a letter from U.S. Marshal Venire telling me his deputy picked up Dale Akins aka Percy Daniel Rogier of Blakesburg, Iowa. Mr. Rogier got his draft notice, took off, trying for Canada, but ran out of money. He did not know that Canada would send him back if asked. A deputy escorted him to his draft board two days early. They found Mr. Rogier to be in good health and assigned him to the Marine Corp. The same deputy escorted him to check-in with his Marine training unit. Good work Fillbee.”
Pleased, I filed it and rewarded myself with a glass of Ice Tea.


Journal Entry: Nineteen
“The Sheriff wants pictures.”

Three days of raking and burning leaves, mowing yard, climbing ladders to clean leaves out of gutters, cleaning garage and basement earned me a day off. I planned to spend the day wandered around town visiting with folks. In middle of congratulating Mom on her terrific bacon, scrabbled eggs and grape jellied toast and listening to what she thought I should do on my day off, the ringing phone changes her plans for me.
Hurrying into the office, I put the receiver to my ear.
Before I can say a word, a strong commanding voice said, “The Sheriff wants pictures.”
“Who is this speaking?”
“Deputy Gene Shotwell. Last night, we had a break-in at the Battle Lake Grain Elevator warehouse ... took 14 sacks of winter wheat seed. Can you come down and take pictures?”
“I am on my way,” I reply grabbing the car keys on my way out the door.
At the Elevator next to the railroad tracks, I park beside the police car and decide to use the Argus Argoflex twin lens Reflex camera. Inside, I take three flash shots. One picture focused on their now empty wooden pallet with a sign on the wall behind saying “Winter Wheat Seed,” a second flash of the room, and a third of the backdoor. It had a small broken out door window panel. Outside I take three shots of the backdoor: one shot at what I thought the light was, one an f-stop higher and one lower. Putting on the close-up lens, I focus in at a guessed at two feet on the lack of damage to the backdoor frame and lock, ease back a little to be sure and click the shutter. This one also gets three f-stop shots: at, higher and lower.
Waving at Deputy Shotwell, I shout, “I’ll develop these. Have them for you in less than an hour, if I print them wet.”
He returns my wave and continues questioning the early day man Mark Dravens about what he saw when he came in and what if anything else was missing.
At home, the developed film looks good and the prints extra sharp. It was a great camera. I wash the negatives again and hang them up to dry. Leaving the mess for later, I rush out with the best wet-prints in a blotter book for the Deputy.
On the way back, the car radio announces that U.S. forces captured Naples. Seeing his patrol car parked at the hotel, I knew he was eating breakfast. Handing the wet picture blotter book to Deputy Shotwell, I tell him, “They’re still wet. You keep the blotter book, I’ve more.”
“Thanks. These are clear,” Deputy Shotwell said complimenting me.
“They’re okay.”
“Thanks, Fillbee, I’ll turn these in with my report.”
“Deputy, there is something strange in two of them.”
“Which two?”
“The backdoor pictures ... inside and out.”
Deputy Shotwell lays out both pictures on the tabletop and looks. In a moment, the Deputy frowns asking, “What’s strange?”
“Deputy, the backdoor was not forced. It looks like the thief broke the door window, reached in and unlocked the door.”
“That’s what happened.”
“But did it? If the thief was outside and broke the window where would the broken glass be?”
“Inside ... on the floor near the door.”
“Is it?”
“No, there it is on the outside steps.”
“The pictures say that the thief opened the door with a key or picked the lock and later broke the window from inside.”
“He did it,” Deputy Shotwell says angrily jumping up and rushing out.
I ordered a cup of coffee and Cinnamon Twist. Before I finished, Shotwell’s police car drove by with Mark Dravens wearing handcuffs in the back.
On Wednesday, I read in the Battle Lake Review the court issued a search warrant for Dravens’ rented farm. In a storage shed, Deputies found the missing winter wheat seed. They also found nine sacks of 12-12-12 fertilizer, two sacks of lime, three sacks of dog food, six mineral salt blocks, two sixty-pound sacks of oats seed, four sacks of seed corn, assorted farm tools, six boxes of milk strainer pads and eight milk pails. In a bedroom dresser drawer in the house, the deputies uncovered 487 dollars hidden under his underwear and socks.


Journal Entry: Twenty
“You busy?”

A quiet day of bookwork, journal writing, and dozing on my daybed couch ended at 3:06. The phone rang.
Marshal Rolik’s voice asks, “You busy?”
Hoping I did not sound sleepy, I answer, “Nope.”
“Grab you camera and come on down to Walt’s Place.”
“I’m on my way,” I say hanging up the phone and grabbing my car keys.
I park in front of Walt’s Place, a cafe in front and pair of pool tables in back three doors uphill from the hotel. Carrying my Reflex with the flash attachment, I step inside to nod at Marshal Rolik and Walt.
“Some one opened the backdoor, tossed in a package of firecrackers, and during the confusion someone else walks off with Harold Lincoln’s peanut machine. It is, I think, a childish prank that borders on thievery.”
Nodding in agreement, I ask, “What do you need pictures of, Marshal?”
Pointing to the door to the backroom, Marshal Rolik tells me, “The remains of the fire crackers in the back and the empty front window ledge.”
In the backroom beyond the two pool tables, five people sit on a bench, four hold cues waiting to continue play. Quickly, I focus on the bits of paper without a flash for the back door has a window and all the room lights are on. I take three different f-stop pictures.
When I step out, Walt sticks his head in the backroom doorway and says, “Charlie, sweep up and the pool tables are open.” Turning, Walt points to an empty angled corner shelf behind the first booth where the machine had been for my last picture.
Outside, confidentially Marshal Rolik says in a low tone, “Schools out all week for corn picking. Three town-boys about eleven or twelve were in drinking sodas. One leaves. Firecrackers explode in the backroom. The other two boys leave. Minutes later, Walt’s other customer pays for his egg salad sandwich, doughnut and coffee. On the way out, he stops to put a penny of his change in the peanut machine, but no machine. Walt calls me.”
“Who were the three boys?”
Reluctantly Marshal Rolik says, “Verne Pedersen, Clark Walker, and Billy McTree.”
“Folks seeing three boys carrying a peanut machine would report it. They put it in a wagon or bike basket and covered it with a towel or extra shirt.”
“They can’t go too far ... need a close place.”
“The closest place is the empty lot by the water tower or down by the tanks.”
“Wanta go for a ride?”
“Sure.”
We stop in front of the empty lot next to the water tower. It was full of weeds, brush, and grass. The owner burned his house down to collect insurance money and ended up in prison for arson. The family pays the taxes on the lot. The concrete basement is full of old coal furnace, ash and half-burned timbers, not a fit place for man or beast. However, below the concrete floor of the back porch was a six-foot wide concrete walled open walk-space and three-quarter unburned basement door. The intact foundation walls still support the concrete back porch floor, providing local kids with a smoking hideout spot.
Inside, we find the missing peanut machine. Before moving anything, I take a picture.
Marshal Rolik picks up a rag that looks like part of a faded blue shirt, an unused paper grocery sack, a hammer, and a chisel. The top was off the machine, peanuts gone, and the bottom coin-door broken off. The machine’s pennies were gone too. While he looks around inside, I roam around outside looking for tracks. I find two wide narrow tracks of a wagon and take a picture. Marshal carries his recovered machine and evidence in the extra left behind paper sack to his car. Returning, he holds up three pennies while looking at the wagon tracks.
Marshal Rolik asks, “Which one first?”
“Verne Pedersen has a tree house ... nice hideout.”
At the Pedersen, an angry Mrs. Lucille Pedersen reluctantly gave Marshal Rolik permission to look in their tree house. Climbing up, he finds a paper grocery sack half-full of Spanish peanuts and pennies in a pillowcase sack. Showing the evidence to Mrs. Pedersen, he asks, “Will you bring your boy and husband to my office at six-thirty.”
She agrees.
Marshal drops me off to develop pictures saying, “I have two more homes to visit. See you at 6:30.”
Before supper while setting the table for Mom, the radio slips war news in between songs. Allied forces are pushing north to the Garigliano and Sangro Rivers in Italy. General Stilwell is gathering supplies and men for a push into northern Burma. Admiral Nimitz’ campaign to capture the Solomons, Gilberts, and Mariana Islands and break the Japanese supply line goes on. Landings have been made on Tarawa and Makin Islands in the Gilberts.
At six-thirty, three sets of parents and three subdued boys sit quietly as Marshal Rolik presents his evidence. Mr. Pedersen claims the hammer. Mr. Walker held out his hand for the cold chisel. Mr. McTree said, “I bought a brick of firecrackers for the 4th, but when it was canceled due to the war I put them in a box in the attic.”
“Mr. Lincoln says $4 dollars would pay for the damage to the machine and 1.29 cents for lost peanuts. I counted out 117 pennies in a found pillowcase sack, three found with the machine, and returned them to Mr. Lincoln. Merchants tell me that Verne bought an ice cream cone, two candy bars and three gumballs with 21 pennies. Clark bought three comic books, a package of balloons and a jawbreaker with 39 pennies. Billy spent 27 pennies on gum, a Carmel apple, and hard rock candy. The total is 89 cents. Boys empty your pockets.”
The subdued boys did as asked producing 29 more pennies.
“Parents, I want you to see that Mr. Lincoln gets $3.80 to cover his loses. I will return these pennies to him too. Boys, I don’t know what your parents will do about this. Because it involves stolen and damaged property, I could turn you over to the Court and you would end up in Reform School. I would rather not turn you over to the Court. I will leave your punishment to your parents, if I see you out early in the morning, by eight o’clock, sweeping sidewalks on Lake Street, both sides, from Henning to Summit.”
On the way out, each of parents said, “Thanks Marshal. He’ll be there,”
In the morning, I went to the Post Office for my mail. Outside, I paused a moment to watch three busy boys with three moving brooms.


Journal Entry: Twenty-one
“You’ve a message.”

At ten minutes to eight, I returned my empty after breakfast glass of milk to the kitchen sink and talked to Mom about yesterday’s first snow, a few late afternoon flakes. On the way back, the phone rang.
Aunt Margaret says, “You’ve a message.”
A click and a strong commanding voice said, “Fillbee.”
“Speaking.”
“Good. This is Colonel Van Cleave of the Office of Strategic Services speaking. I am asking you to go to the Post Office when you hang up the phone.”
“I will, Colonel,” I said and the phone clicks.
Picking up car keys, I climb into my winter coat and drive to the Post Office noticing skim ice on puddles. My box has two letters and a card telling me to ask at the window for a registered letter. I did and signed for it.
Hurrying home, I open the special letter with a letterhead of the OSS to read orders for me to report to their office in Washington D.C. for extended duties for the duration. In the text, it allows me to take one change of clothing. In addition, it includes tickets for this evening train to Fergus Falls, switch trains for Minneapolis, an airplane ticket from Minneapolis to Washington D.C. and ten five dollar bills for meals and taxi fare.
Pop was behind the wheel of a semi somewhere in Iowa delivering a load of unsalted butter to St. Louis. Showing Mom my orders I said, “They need me.”
Looking at my orders, Mom hugs me and cries.
I escape to terminate my Post Office box and tell them to put my mail in the family box. I step in the Telephone Exchange to tell a teary-eyed Aunt Margaret and had her cancel my phone. On the way home, I stop next to Marshal Rolik’s car and roll down the window. 
He rolls down his and asks, “What’s up, Fillbee.”
“Stopped to tell you, I got my orders. I’m leaving on the evening train.”
“Service ... which branch?”
“Don’t think I should tell you, but it’s the OSS.”
“You’ll be doing Intelligence work.”
I nod and start to backup.
Marshal Rolik waves and shouts over the motor noise, “Good Luck!”
I wave and drive home to pack. Mom helps me pick out one change of clothes, insists on an extra pair of long johns, and lets me use her old small brown sewing bag as a carpetbag. At noon, she cooks a special meal, my favorite. Potato and cabbage soup with a ring of baloney floating on top during cooking. Mom peels the skin off hot baloney, cuts it into slices and puts the slices back in the soup pot. On the table beside it, a bowl of oyster crackers. In my soup bowl goes two ladles of soup generous with potatoes and slices of baloney before adding a full handful of oyster crackers. It was delicious.
“Early birthday,” Mom says handing me a card and present.
A both signed birthday card with a $20 dollar bill inside. The present was 4x6 metal formed like a picture frame picture painted white with a picture of Stan Musical on it and his Cardinal team stats on the back. I hug and thank Mom.
Out on the front porch daybed-couch, we sat and talked.
About two, I tell Mom, “I’m giving you back your front porch. I’ve closed the Fillbee Detective Agency office and I’m asking you to give my Western Flyer bike to the Mudge family.”
Trying to smile Mom hugs me and whispers in my ear, “Thanks for the porch. Phillip Honey, I’ll see that the Gil Mudge family gets your bike.”
Trying to remember how many years it has been since Mom called me “Phillip,” I pack my detective things in three boxes with my journal in the top of the top box. Telling Mom where my journal was incase she has need of it, I tell her to use my cameras. I set the cameras and box of film on the hallway table. Back downstairs, I box up my photography things, and lay over my old enlarger and contact-print box an old sheet. I pour out my developer, shortstop, and fixer. I put my remaining Agency money in an envelope and put it in the safe.
In the kitchen with Mom listening, I call the Kovacevic house knowing that Paige was in school. I tell Mrs. Kovacevic, “I have my orders to report for service and leave this evening. If you will permit it, I would like to write to Paige.”
“Please, do,” she replies.
“Thank you, Mrs. Kovacevic,” I said hanging up the phone feeling pleased that she approved.
At ten minutes to four, Mom and I put on our winter coats. I drive Mom down to the depot in the old ’36 Ford. On the way, the radio announces that Portugal will allow British forces to use their ports and airfields. Mom and I sit in the warm car out of the wind and wait for the train. At 4:07, we see smoke. At 4:12, it stops.
We look at the small train: a steam engine, coal tender, one passenger car, two boxcars and caboose. When three people getting off have stepped down, I hand Mom the keys to the ’36 Ford, hug her and whisper, “I love you,” in her ear.
Teary-eyed Mom kisses my cheek and whispers, “When I get lonely, I’ll invite Geraldine and Paige over for tea.”
It was time. My hand pushes open the car door letting in cold and sound.
Over it, Mom loudly asks, “Honey, Paige will want to read your journal. Will it be all right?”
With a brave silly grin on my blushing face and a strong agreeing nod, I step out of the Ford. Closing the car door and walking away to war wearing my last year’s winter coat, I carry a sewing-basket carpetbag, tickets and provided traveling money in my right front pocket and a twenty-dollar birthday bill in my billfold. Behind me, I hear Mom open and close the door of the old ’36 Ford and know she is standing beside it.
Trying not to sway or drag my left foot, I hurry across the wooden deck and board the train without looking back. Just as I sit down, the train chugs, jerks, and moves. I wave to Mom. 
Watching teary-faced Mom stand facing a cold west wind beside the old black ’36 Ford waving as long as I can see her and know that Mom will keep waving as long as she can see the train. Three days before my seventeenth birthday, this 4f citizen is off to do his duty in the war.


Author note:

This story and characters are fiction, but set in a real time and place. It is Historical Fiction. With this category of fiction, a reader can extend his interest in the time and place by using outside sources and the internet.
One can Google a story item such as a camera, radio, car or bike and look at a picture of that make and model. A reader can put Google on IMAGE and look at the actual towns, streets, lakes, some real resorts, parks and Inspiration Peak.
Beyond Google, a reader can look at a road map of Minnesota, find Battle Lake in the center of the state, and see how and where the roads go.
A serious reader can go beyond these efforts and read about the history of the town, area or state. However, the ultimate extension of Historical Fiction is to plan a trip or summer vacation to the area for a first hand look. One fall day, we drove up to Hannibal, Missouri to look at Mark Twain’s Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn town.


Other books by the author

Fiction Collection:
[A collection: stories and poems]
Odd ends [folktales, fantasy, fiction, poems, historical fiction, personal narrative]

Novelette: Western
Showdown at Ribbon Rock [a dying Joe Kirt goes home]
On the Way to my Wedding [The Hooknose Brown legend]

Novels: Historical Fiction
*My Eyes are Red [creation of a western family]
*Afternoon Moon [in 1865 an English child travels to Seattle]
Luck’s Wild [a Missourian in the Civil War]
Blue [April Barcroft's story midst Bird Point Swindle]
Detective Fillbee Guards the Home Front [World War II story]

Novels: Science Fiction
*Tyro [earth's first alien 3 million years ago]
*Into the Void [mistreated Kai people leave galaxy]
The Centauri Conspiracy [peopling other planets]

Poetry:
i am cabbage [a forty-year collection of free verse]

Western Heart Series: short stories collections
[Stories about the troubles western men had finding a wife]
*Marrying Tree Stores: Book One
*Crossing Niobrara: Book Two
*Woman’s Creek: Book Three
East of Yesterday: Book four
Western Heart Stories: Book Five

Nonfiction: Law
Suggesting a Second Bill of Rights for a Called Convention of States [a free download list of fifteen suggested amendments to the Constitution][Smashwords]

*co-authored with my daughter Kriston Anne Peterman Dunya
Books published with iuniverse, ebookit, Amazon, and Smashwords
###
