


DIMENSIA

By: Steven Thornton

Editors: Dieter Jacobs & Daniel Bales

Art: Jason Chaney.

Copyright 2008 Steven Thornton

Published by Steven Thornton
Smashwords Edition


Dedicated to the living memory of 
Raymond Earl Busha & Louise Thornton.

Raymond Busha: Papa (1928-1999).  The best road grader operator/fisherman in all the world!  He taught me that with hard work, success follows.  Honestly, he taught me most of what I know. I spent the best years of my life sitting by his side on the dusty back roads of Oklahoma. A God-fearing man, he loved his neighbor and he loved his gospel music.  He was the best man I have ever known, and I can only aspire to someday compare.
Louise Thornton: Grandma (1943-2003).  To this day, the truest artist I have ever met.  She never needed recognition for her many talents.  She spoke to me beyond the grave, telling me to get my act together.  She always encouraged me to push the envelope; to look beyond what is seen with the naked eye; to follow my dreams, no matter how big or small they may seem, regardless of what anyone else says.
The ones I have spoken of are my angels.  They are my wings!  Most cannot see them, but I do, and I speak with them often.  They're always with me, and I will never forget them.   To those of you with lost loved ones, this is their dedication as well.  We must never forget those who have passed.  Whether or not you know, they are not too far away.



Table of Contents

Dedication
Copyright
Dimensia
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
About the Author



Dimensia

This writing will be my testimony, meant not for personal gain.  My disposition is to share my experience, and to clear myself of the stigma folded into my responsibility.  This responsibility!  Your responsibility!  I haven't always been so pessimistic towards people.  Recently, I enjoyed all the human qualities of life but took for granted what once was.  As the days grow into night, everyone I once loved are now but memories hidden somewhere in my mind.  I vaguely remember laughing at a funny joke or being overcome with emotion to cry.  It sounds pathetic I know, but once you have seen what I have perhaps you shall feel the same. With this in mind I shall proceed with my testimony, which takes place some years back in the heart of Missouri.



Chapter: One.

This is how I envision a nightmare to begin, or end:
A junior in high school, I had recently moved from my Dad's to live with my Mom.  I was another statistic and product of a disjointed, dysfunctional family.  It was the last day of school, and summer was around the corner - I couldn't wait!  Typically I earned good grades, I had a job and a modest car.  Life was exactly as it should have been, great!
I had a best friend named Chance who was on the shorter side, and somewhat stocky.  He had his labret pierced, (or la-brett, the piecing below the bottom lip) along with his brow.  He maintained medium-length brown hair, and took pride in being a ladies man.  With a reputation of being charming and rebellious, when we hung out things happened, some good, some bad, but all the same, things.
"Yo squirrel nuts.  I got invited to this bonfire party at Joey's house tonight," he said with a smile, eager for my response.    
I wasn't much of a partier, but felt I could appreciate a fun night out, especially on the last day of school.  Naturally, this piqued my interest.
"We're leaving around nine and you're going, I don't care what you say."  Chance cunningly said.
"Snap.  I hear Raquel will be there," as he winked, he slugged me in the arm as he often did.  Cunning!
To bring you up to speed, Raquel was a freshman and the love of my life.  The only problem was that her parents weren't hip to the idea of her dating an upper-classman.  For those thinking I robbed the cradle, or perhaps categorizing me as some sort of pervert, allow me to explain: when you live in a small town your options are limited and two to three year's difference, well, is appropriate.  I just wished her parents had shared this philosophy.  Anyway, I had the opportunity to see her at the party, so with little hesitation I agreed to go. 
"Cool.  Pick me up at eight so we can pre-game," Chance said.  With a smile he grabbed his book bag and left.
As the final bell echoed throughout the halls, it was as if a flood of animals in a stampede rushing toward the nearest exits, drooling and scampering to escape from the predators who had kept us caged.  Walking toward my car I felt the sun warm against my skin, heard birds chirping from nearby trees, and saw clouds seamlessly floating overhead.  Needless-to-say, I was excited for what was to come: summer.  Tonight.  Raquel.    
On the drive home I called my Mom at work to ask if it would be okay if I went to Joey's house that evening for a weenie roast.  I wished I could have told her the truth, but the truth is a bonfire tailgate party would have been a deal-breaker.  After a little convincing and charm on my behalf I got the green light, and like a duck on a June bug: it was on.  I hurried home, eager to begin my daily chores which included emptying the dishwasher, cleaning my room, feeding the dogs, and babysitting my kid brother and sister.  
As I pulled into our driveway I could no longer deny the kindling excitement.  I pulled into my parking spot and remained in my car, absorbing all the thoughts that were running through my mind: 'this summer is going to be great.  No school for three months.  Raquel.'  Hearing the bus come down the road and brake to a stop, I turned just in time to notice my brother and sister exit it and run toward our house.  I turned to grab my backpack for the last time of my junior year, and stepped out of my car.  I ran to the house and beat them inside. 
I retired my bag under my bed for the summer and engaged in my daily chores.  In the early afternoon my Father returned home from work, as did my Mother half an hour later.  As I hopped into the shower to prepare for the evening, Mother had begun preparing supper.  Fast forward:
"Slow down there Pedro," my Dad offered as I piled the food into my mouth.  
"Dad, knock it off."  I replied, once I swallowed.  Mother laughed as I continued to shovel the coal into my steam engine.  Once finished I asked to be excused and proceeded to get dressed for the evening.  Shortly thereafter, I said my farewell to the family, hopped into my car, and was off to Chance's house.  
I began to drive while fumbling through radio stations, seeking something other than country music.  Not to say I don't like country music, but when that's all you have to listen to sometimes it can become redundant.  Redundant, I decided to plug in my iPod.  With my windows rolled down and blasting Cloud Control, I felt the cool summer breeze as some loose papers I had in the back of my car hovered about as the breeze had influenced them to do.  Gaining momentum for the evening, the sun was vanishing into the distant horizon.  The trees in passing swayed from left to right, with elegance and grace, contentedly.   Excitement within surged as I anticipated seeing Raquel. 
I wanted to get a jump on the evening and began rehearsing conversations as they may or may not present themselves.  Minutes later, I arrived to Chance's house and made my way down his quarter-mile dirt drive.  Beginning to gain speed in my car, I imagined myself as a racecar driver.  I tried not to let the dust from the road catch up to my car, or any imaginary cars pass.  Arriving at the finish line (in front of Chance's house) the crowd cheered.  Waiting for the dust to settle, having learned in the past the hard way that had I opened the door immediately, a cloud of dirt would have consumed me.  It wasn't more than thirty seconds (or thirty-fifty heartbeats) until the dust had settled, and I headed for the house.  Just as Chance's dogs came barreling toward me, excited and with ears tall, tails wagging, and tongues dragging on the ground.  I bent down to acknowledge each of them with a loving pat, and ruffled their hair.  Staying the course, arriving at the welcome mat, I knocked on the door and waited for Chance to appear.  Seconds later, I could hear footsteps walking towards the entrance of the house as the doorknob slowly turned.  Standing before me was Rita, Chance's Mom.  Well, for a Mom, Rita was hot.  Besides that, we had our differences.  She, standing in the doorway, expressed a smirk of discontent, glaring, as if trying to read my mind.  A kind of awkward silence developed and to be honest I felt uncomfortably awkward.  
"Is Chance here?" feeling annoyed that I had to ask.  Chance entered from the side, nudging his Mom back.
"Dude, my bad," Chance said while rolling his eyes. 
"I need like two minutes to finish getting ready, cool?"  Leaving the question suspended in midair like cigarette smoke in a Las Vegas casino.
"Yeah man, all good," I said confidently.  
I entered and grabbed a seat on a sofa in the living room and waited for him to finish whatever he was doing.  An episode of TMZ played on the television and I sat for a few minutes watching and was mildly amused.  Moments later Rita entered from her bedroom, smiling deviously and settling into the love seat across from myself, folding her legs beneath her delicate frame.
"What do you guys have planned this evening," she asked, folding her arms in her lap.   Logic would lead one to believe that Chance would have told her Joey's house but one can hardly be certain of anything.
"We're going to Joey's for a weenie roast" I said.  Pleased with my response, Chance emerged with a toothbrush in his mouth, a bright red face, and eyes bulging from his skull.  Rita stood, becoming suddenly serious.  Chance, being the ultimate planner he is, had told her we were going to a movie.  A movie?  Really?  The last day of school, summer break  . . . let the inquisitions begin.  
Well folks, if you haven't gathered I should tell you that Rita thought I was a bad influence, which I found ironic because I was pretty confident that Chance was a bad influence on me.  Understand, I am not entirely innocent of the accusations. However, one can't hear the conversations behind closed doors.  To drive the point home, in a Mother's eyes, the flaws elide their children.  I couldn't help but laugh at the situation, which only adds insult to injury, as Rita demands Chance downstairs.  Drawing from the passionate patter of her footsteps, I formulated a troubling resolution.  Seconds later, Chance entered the living room and released a sigh of aggravation.  He appeared unenthused and overwhelmed, then turned and proceeded downstairs to his pending but eminent doom.   
After ten minutes of waiting in suspense, Chance appeared at the top of the stairs, wearing a smile and giving me two thumbs up.  More than ready to go, I stood and headed for the door.  
"I have to be home by midnight for lying, and can't stay the night at your house," Chance breaking the silence as he rolled his eyes, clearly upset.  Mostly because he wanted to stay out later than midnight and to spend the night at my house, or at least say he was (wink).  At this moment, a dark cloud formed above my car as we departed the vortex.  En route to the party we made a quick stop at a local Casey's general store and snatched up a can of SKOAL, Long Cut Straight.  Although neither of us liked to dip, we did because we could and because it was the cool thing to do.  
Shortly after, we arrived at Joey's house and found parking.  If the view of mini- skirts, tank tops, and cut-off shorts was any indication of the fun to be had, we were in for a blast!  Every girl from freshman to last year's graduates was accounted for.  From the car, we started walking down the beaten path and could hear the music from the street, a good half-mile away.  In a sudden motion, Chance took off running and yelling, 
"I love summer!"  I couldn't help but laugh.  That's why we were best friends; I liked his high energy and spirit. 
The sun had hung its hat for the day, as noise from the party ushered the night. The smell of fresh-cut grass overwhelmed our sense as fireflies flashed their love light as twilight approached.  Realizing summer was official. 
Well, the bonfire turned out better than a forecaster could have predicted.  Joey had gone all out from couches around the fire, to a DJ, to kegs.  I had only had beer a couple of times and wasn't a big fan.  I thought it tasted like horse piss.  But it was summer, and everyone was drinking and having fun, so I jumped in.  After all, who am I to judge?  In what seemed like no time, the party grew huge.  I waited nervously and continued scanning the party people with hopes of finding Raquel.  
Like an insect compelled by a light, I stood in line for the keg. When I felt someone tap me on the shoulder from behind, as I slowly turned and there she was. Everything came to a staggering halt.  Lights, music, everything seemed to stop.  Why, how?  It was irrelevant.  With the fire blazing, her beautiful hazel eyes reflected the lawless flames.  Her hair was pulled back into a ponytail while a few loose strands dangled in front of her face.  Her hair had some curl to it, which I have to admit, I liked.  Wearing a pair of cut-off shorts, flip-flops, and a Lynyrd Skynyrd tee shirt, I was rendered unable to overlook her body, which was kizane.  (Killer + insane.)  Glitter sparkled like diamonds on her upper chest, reflecting the flames, or was it the fire inside of me?  Raquel hardly ever wore make-up, but would often throw some eyeliner into the mix, which I found to accent her sparkling eyes.  She looked amazing.  She looked beautiful.  I searched for my voice, but it had abandoned me in the moment.  A moment developed unlike any other I had experienced in my seventeen years of life.  At this moment, nothing in my life or in my orbit mattered.  Not care, nor sorrow; nothing, but everything.  She, us, WE, came to light.  Feeling my eyelids weigh as the picture came to a close, my mouth salivated, I swallowed and inhaled a sweet breath, feeling a calm serenity spread throughout my body.  As I opened my eyes, the picture gained focus as the chaos resumed its predictable falsehood.        
"Are you from around here?"  I nervously asked, unveiling my unguarded emotion.
"Actually, I'm in town visiting my grandparents, and uh . . ." as she laughed, seeing her cheeks rosy red, apparent somewhat embarrassed.
"Are you looking for a boyfriend, because I am interested in the concept of a semi-serious summer girlfriend?  I normally don't do this, but I can make an exception.  You know, since you're not from here and all, my name is Fisher," as I extended my hand.  In like fashion she reached out, gently placing her manicured fingers in my palm.  Her fragrance demanding immediate attention, resembled a sweet smell, like blossoms of flowers, if that is possible?  Feeling awkward, I laughed, hoping to mask my attraction.  
It was such a beautiful starlit night, and everyone was carefree.  As the night played on, Chance made his rounds.  I talked to everyone but focused on Raquel, most moments were a drunken blur.  At one point midway though the night, Chance pulled me aside, and handed me a condom.  
"You don't know what you're missing out on bro," Chance said with a smile, possessing a mischievous look in his eyes.  At the time, I was a virgin; he always made fun of me, and called me gay, because I hadn't had sex yet.  Reluctant, I took the condom from him, placing it safely in the front pocket of my jeans.  Consequently, all of a sudden felt really nervous around Raquel.  
"What's the matter?" she asked, sensing the vibe.  Gun-shy, practically sweating bullets, I tried to play it off like a cool guy, and shrugged my shoulders.  
"What are you doing later tonight?" I asked, hoping that those were the words that came out of my mouth.
"Oh, I'm going to this bonfire party, and hope to see this guy I am kind of, maybe, sort of, interested in.  Other than that, nothing much," Raquel replied with an exuberant smile. 
"I am staying at Jennifer's house tonight," she said, with her eyes sparkling, raising her right brow, smiling with a hormone-raged grin. 
"You should come over, her parents are out of town."  No sooner than the words fell from her lips, thundered in my ears, causing my palms to sweat, sending my heart into hyper-speed race mode. 
"Okay," worried that I jumped, or said it too soon, too excited.  Not-to-mention the delivery; was it like, OH-kay.  Okay?  Or, oh..k? 
"Cool.  I mean, I'll see if I have any plans and get back to you." I replied staggering back, placing my hands in the lining of my pockets, looking around the party and not wanting to appear obvious that she smote me.  Then, became aware of Chance calling out my name from across the party.  Scanning the faces I knew by name, I located him stumbling towards us, fifteen yards off. 
"What are you two love birds doing?" he asked in drunglish (drunken English).  
"Well, I'm going to roll tootsie."  Chance said, swaying from left to the right.  
"I'm going to Meredith's house tonight," as he winked, attempted to slap me in the arm, but missed, wide.  Grinning, feeling a buzz from the poison, 
"Dude, aren't you supposed to be home by midnight?"  I posed, not wanting to kill his buzz.  Glancing down at my phone, as I zeroed in, realized it was eleven-thirty.
"Yeah right, I'm also not supposed to be drinking," as he raised his beer like one displaying a trophy. 
"I'm not worried about it.  Leave the worrying up to me." Oddly, with his delivery, I found the needed reassurance.
"Who's driving you to Meredith's man?" I asked, seeing him stumble, clearly unable to operate any type of machinery.
"Jacob is, don't worry wart.  He is driving him.  Jacob hasn't too much had to drink," still uncertain how we understood him, we laughed and watched him stumble off in drunken stupor. A smiling Meredith stood patiently on the other side of the fire, awaiting her knight in shining armor.  
Not long after Chance left, we also decided to leave as the party had begun to fizzle.  Raquel and Jennifer decided to abandon their cars, as I asserted that I was the least inebriated among the involved.  Headed to Jennifer's house, fortunately for me, only a couple of miles from the party.  As I began to drive, blasting Group Love, feeling the beer creeping up faster than one might anticipate, everything in focus seemed out of focus, delayed, and blurred.  I resorted to close one eye, which seemed to help.  One or three-mailbox's later, I asserted that I probably should not be driving.  Thankfully everything worked out. 
When we arrived at Jennifer's house we realized she was three sheets to the wind.  Actually, I had never seen someone so: faded, twisted, loaded, sauced, falcon-punched, crunk, skullied, pie-eyed, cloaked out, crocked, juiced, shnockered, hamboned, zonked, like a pile of coat hangers.  She could barely walk without falling and her speech was slurred to the point of gibberish.  As we entered Jennifer's side entrance of her house, Jennifer Nestea plunged onto the couch in the living room.  In the kitchen, searching for food, Raquel and I watched Cooter Brown spew all of her alcoholic beverages and food from that day all over her Mom's expensive couch, which was rather a buzz kill.   We now had a mess to clean up, on top of having to baby-sit Jennifer.  Running to her aid, after cleaning the lukewarm puddle of puke, we picked her up and guided her to the bathroom to get her cleaned up. 
In the bathroom, Jennifer shamelessly started to undress in front of me, and tried to lure me into the shower.  Despite my fear of water, she was very attractive.  However, she was really drunk, and I was there for Raquel.  Not-to-mention but will mention, her breath having been rancid, and chunks of food dangling in her blonde hair - just didn't have the same appeal?

Voice:
"I don't feel sorry for the blind, for they know not what they are missing.  I feel sorry for the ones who see, but are blind."

After we managed to cage Jennifer in the shower, Raquel and I headed for the spare bedroom.  Upon entering, Raquel closed the door and turned out the lights as I lunged for the bed.  Jumping head first into the pillows, I turned onto my back as Raquel approached, crawling on all fours, while making some kind of crazy high pitch meowing cat noise.  Somehow, by acts of magic, she now was only wearing a white bra and yellow panties. Abracadabra!  Lying on my back and with hormones raging and feeling aroused, I was content in the moment.  Seeing Raquel's flawless body, absorbing the reality at hand, my heart raced as my mind struggled to keep up.  During this moment of prosperity and euphoria I guess its only natural for my phone to ring?  Annoyed at the untimely distraction, I quickly reach for my phone, which had been in the front pocket of my jeans, making sure it wasn't my Mom checking up on me and saw, 'Chance house,' on the ID.  'Great,' I thought to myself, switching the ringer to silent, placing my phone on the carpet beneath the bed.  Returning to our previous positions, kissing and caressing, content in the moment.  Seconds later, we hear an authoritative banging against the door.  Startling both Raquel and I, jumping to the unwary conclusion that Jennifer's parents had returned home early from their trip.  A bit manic, after a moment of confusion, we heard Jennifer with a small, annoying, whiney voice yell,
"I'm hungry."  I let out the breath trapped in my lungs, Raquel laughed as she jumped out of bed and rushed to the door, cracking it open slightly, and softly whispered something to Jennifer as they both giggled.  Seconds later, Raquel closed the door and turned towards me.  Despite feeling nervous, I felt consumed with excitement, as Raquel slowly, sexually, seduced me in her approach.  Her foxtrot.  
"Where were we?" she asked in a sexy hushed voice, as if she had forgotten.  As she climbed into bed she wrapped her legs around my torso in a clamping manner.  Falling within inches of my face, she braced her fall with her hands.  She anchored herself on top of me and ran the tip of her tongue across her succulent lips.  This moment was indeed, everything and more than I had dreamt.  Perfection is a verb.  As I succumbed, I gently kissed her neck.  I closed my eyes and in my mind rose petals began to descend from the ceiling.  Seconds passed, kissing, caressing, and finding us satisfied, lost but found in the moment, while trying to ignore my conscience.
"Fisher!  Fisher!"  Jennifer yelled from behind the door.  Her voice seemed panicked, but at the time was the equivalent to fingernails being drug against a chalkboard.  Raquel and I jumped out of bed and headed for the door.  Opening it halfway, wearing only boxers, Raquel wearing a sheet, Jennifer wearing a towel, her face seemed stricken with panic.  She had become as pale as an albino squirrel.  
"What's the matter J-drunk?"  I asked, becoming increasingly annoyed, as Raquel laughed.  Jennifer fell to her knees engulfed in tears.  Raquel quickly kneeled down next to her, placing her arm on Jennifer's shoulder to comfort her, hoping to help her calm down.  Thinking, diva, amongst other things, when Jennifer stood and shot down the hall, as fast as if she had a third leg,
"We have to go!" she turned back and yelled.
"Go where?"  I yelled, looking down the hall, but received no response.  At this point, becoming worried, I turned to Raquel. 
"You might want to get some clothes on," as I took off running towards Jennifer's room, to find her crying uncontrollably.
"Go where?"  I asked, standing at the entrance to her bedroom.
"Go where?"  I repeated, only more stern.  When Jennifer looked up at me with bloodshot eyes.
"Chance!" she shrieked as tears raced down her face.  Entering Jennifer's room, I stopped dead in my tracks and bent down, grabbing Jennifer by the shoulders, looking into her eyes.
"What about Chance?  What about Chance?"  I asked alarmed, beginning to shake her, wishing she were not so drunk.  Swift panic possessed me, as I felt a cold chill sweep over me, consumed by a tidal wave of nausea and feeling my body begin to tingle and go numb.  Feeling much like I was about to faint, I took a seat on her bed.  As Jennifer caught her breath, she looked up at me with puzzlement written on her lifeless face.
"He got into a car accident.  He's in the hospital." forcing the words out of her mouth, as she broke into tears.  With her deliverance, my heart stopped.  My stomach clenched, and then plunged.  I quickly stood and ran out of Jennifer's room, but the hallway seemed to extend beyond infinity2.  Weird, but a pack of blood hungry hellhounds emerged.  'Why was this happening, not to mention, how?' I mused.  Hearing a whistle being blown, the hellhounds engaged their pursuit, as I switched into survival mode.  I bobbed and weaved, until I arrived safely at the spare bedroom.  I found my phone and saw that I had five missed calls and two new voicemails - all from Chance's mom.  After checking my messages, I received the confirmation, which I wasn't prepared to hear.  My eyes glazed over and I instantly had tears streaming down my cheeks.  Simultaneously, my nose started to run and my heart raged.  Instinctively and thankfully the computer took control.  I reacted by grabbing my car keys and asking the girls to head for the car.  Despite my previous impaired driving skills, the news had had a tremendous sobering affect.  As the girls mad-dashed for the car, I dressed myself and sped to the hospital.  Oddly enough, I can't seem to recall one detail of the drive.
Five or so minutes later, we had arrived at the hospital.  Upon entering, I saw Rita standing swarmed by a crowd of friends and family.  Appearing to have just rolled out of bed, her eyes were bloodshot and in a crazed panic.  Jacob and Meredith's parents were also standing amongst their group of supporters.  Perhaps paranoid, but it seemed that everyone paused when I stepped foot in the room.  I looked at Rita and could see the equivalent of shock in her eyes, but also her trying to be strong.  
"Gimme a second," I whispered to Raquel, as I released her hand.  Acknowledged with a simple nod, her and Jennifer lowered their heads and headed outside.  Feeling my legs stiff, my feet became heavy in approach.  Scanning the Emergency Room I felt the tension and emotion; like a slow burning cigarette left unattended, everything felt as if in slow motion.  Seconds passed like hours, as a feeling developed, a waking dream, but eerily too real.  
"Why did you let him go?  Why did you let him go?" Rita commenced shouting hysterically in recognition of me.  The words echoed in my mind, still in the dark with what exactly had happened?  In an explosion of energy, Rita began charging towards me.  She swung her arms with intensity, stomped her feet, clenched her jaws, and pumped her fists.  Stopping dead in my track, as we intersected paths, Rita began to punch my upper chest with both fists clinched, crying aloud, as she crumbled to the floor below.  I didn't try to fight, resist, or restrain her.  I took it.  I stood, feeling the room begin to spin, feeling hurt, and embarrassed.  Thankfully, a nurse approached, grabbed Rita by the arm and guided her to a different location.  With emotions running haywire, everyone in the Emergency Room glared at me with shameful, judgmental eyes.  I felt the room abnormally silent, and for the first time, I could feel my heart raging in my chest cavity and thundering in my ears.  Despite being muffled, it seemed as loud as the speaker's overhead, 'Code Red.  Code Red.  Paging Dr. Xoxo.'
Moments later, a couple of kids from school arrived.  I decided to walk outside and have a plug, (dip).  Outside, Raquel explained:
"Chance left the party with Meredith and her brother Jacob, and were hill topping (which is going fast over hills, trying to get the wheels off the ground) in Jacobs Jeep.  At some point, a deer ran out into the middle of the road."  

Voice:
"There are 1.5 million crashes involving deer each year.  One hundred and fifty of these accidents are fatal, and more than ten thousand people are injured."

"What I am told is that Jacob swerved to miss the deer, and hit a ditch.  Jacob's Jeep rolled four times, ejecting the passengers in different directions, killing Meredith and Jacob instantly." 
"What about Chance?" I asked, as Raquel's face turned to pain.  
"He is in intensive care, in a coma.  He suffered a severe blow to the head and has lost a lot of blood," Raquel said as she broke into tears.
Feeling void of emotion, guilt overcame me and I hung my head.  I was convinced I was in a dream, that none of this was real.  I mean I saw him about an hour earlier.  Minutes later Chance's sister Kara arrived, and grabbed a seat next to us.  Seeing her, for the third or fourth time in my life, I felt speechless.  Unable to control my emotions, I felt as if someone had ripped my vocal chords right out of my throat, as Kara leaned over and gave me a hug.  In that moment, reality hit, or at least began to set in.  It was the reality that I might not ever see my best friend who was always so full of laughter and fun, ever again.  I lived my life thinking that nothing like this could happen to me.  Essentially, I lived my life thinking that I was invincible.  It seemed surreal and hadn't truly impacted me to the fullest extent.
We waited in the Emergency Room overnight and into the morning hours, praying to God, hoping by some miracle, Chance would live.  I felt lost; I felt I had betrayed a brother.  I felt at fault and guilt-ridden and ashamed.  There is no worse feeling I have experienced than waiting in a hospital.  A place of extremes; we rejoice the gift of life, and mourn the callous of death.  Seeing all the sick, hurting, and miserable people is overwhelming, and it takes a toll.  Your faith begins to wear thin.  A realm of life that is a realm of its own, the small moments become large, the large moments become small.
Watching the sun come up is normally a good thing, but this morning, for the first time, I wanted it to go down as it peaked in the distance, rejecting the subtle reality of life's continuum. I thought, 'Chance might not see the same sight ever again, and I was to blame.' 
The following days were emotional for everyone.  Family and friends took turns waiting bedside, with Chance experiencing abnormal posturing, praying for a miracle, with hopes Chance would sit-up, open his eyes, something; anything.  Naïve, as the days dragged our optimism grew unrealistic, and our prayers, unanswered, rendering our minds spent.  On the third day after the accident, after much contemplation, Rita decided to take him off life support.  The reasoning behind her decision was from Doctors, including medical staff, that had told her that he could never be the Chance we all knew and loved.  It was said, 'if he ever came around, he would more than likely be a vegetable the rest of his life.  Never walk, or talk, again.'  
Standing in the room, I witnessed Chance appear to get better for a few short hours, then, gradually, decline.  In the background, keeping vigil, he painfully struggled to breathe until he tried no more.  I saw and heard him flat line, as Rita hunched over the bed next to him, held his hand and cursed the heavens.  Chance expired.  A scene I struggled with, a familiar scenario, involving my Papa, years earlier.  I knew he was gone, and understood the concept of death.  I realized, I will never see him again, and was broken with hurt.
The following nights I was restless, and my days were long.  The local town people expressed their loss of the kids by showing support, as the entire community suffered, and helped where possible. Often, I found myself questioning: 'why?  Why couldn't it have been me?  Why did I let him go?  Why did it have to be this way?'  Now I was forced to live with this baggage for the rest of my life.  I was ashamed, scared, and felt singled out by the entire town.  I didn't feel welcome.  I received glares from strangers, and could read what people were thinking by their expressions.  The two-horse town of Lebanon, the place I had lived my natural life, now treated me like an outsider, an outcast of society, and a leper of biblical times.  
In the following days, the wake and funeral took place at a local mortuary.  The day of the funeral, getting around, I received an unexpected phone call from Rita.  
"Will you ride with me in the hearse?" she asked.  Choked up at first, not able to find the words to speak,
"Yes, yes I will."  I forced the words out of my mouth, and hung up the phone.
After I finished getting dressed, I drove to Chance's, or where he used to live.  Only this time, there was no race down the driveway.  No loving dogs, excited, ears tall, tails wagging, mouths slobbering, cornering the house.  When I arrived, needless-to-say, it felt weird.  Understanding he was not there and I would never be able to kick it with him again.  
I sat in my car, absorbing such a reality until the hearse arrived, then I rode with the family to the cemetery.  Of which, seemed long.  A ride I could have lived without.  It felt as if it were a scene from a movie.  With rain falling on the decadent setting, dark clouds loomed overhead.  Time had slowed to a snail's pace and I knew what anyone would say before they said it.  Mindlessly peering out the window of the hearse, I observed life and people living it: the scenery, the cars, the people in them, seemed strange, felt strange.  I witnessed smiles fade, followed with a simple nod of the head of strangers who showed their respects.  
When we arrived at the burial site, the mood was unsettling since the entire school including faculty had come to grieve.  Lightening flashed as thunder clapped overhead and the rain continued to fall.  Deep down, I felt that Rita blamed me for what happened.  She seemed disconnected, somewhat reclusive, which I can't say I could blame her.  Looking around the funeral, familiar faces in the crowd, each person held a white candle that was given to them prior to the ceremony.  Emotionless and unsatisfied, I felt sick to my stomach and wanted to be anywhere else but there.  To be more precise, I wanted to be anyone else but me.  Plagued with questions, tormented with why. 
I hoped that someday the accusing parties would find it in their hearts to forgive me.  I felt horrible, but felt I could justify my situation.  One: I wasn't driving the car.  Two: I didn't make Chance ride with them.  Lastly, Lord knows, I didn't make him drink.  Yet, I could see the errors from Rita's, and others, perspective.  He left with me, and I should have brought him back.  We can rationalize all we want, but that won't change the result of our actions.  The fact of the matter is: he's gone.  Humanism leads us to question and attempt to rationalize.  Reality leads us to face our struggles, views, and actions.  He once lived and is now gone, but never will be forgotten.  I love you Brother.  I miss you.  The words on the note I wrote, and tossed into the gravesite.  
The impact of the accident shook the foundation of our entire town.  A previously trusting, predominantly friendly, religious community feared each other's child, a memory that is forever seared into my brain.
*
Voice:
"Forgive and forget?  Ehm - relevance."
*
Seeing Chance's casket, I felt he wasn't at rest.  I felt he was not finished.  I knew it in the deepest levels.  I knew, but had no idea?
Back to Contents



Chapter: Two.

This summer, if you hadn't guessed, turned out to be the worst summer ever recorded in the book of summers.   What should have been the time of my life wasn't.  I felt like a fish out of water.  At times I wished I could have swapped places with Chance.  What was more upsetting was the countless times hearing, 'I know how you feel.'  Or, 'How are you doing?'  And, 'Is everything okay?'  I heard that so much, I wanted to scream every time.  
I just wanted to be left alone.  I wanted to be anyone other than myself, and anywhere else but there.  To occupy my time I tried to work as much, and as often as I could.  I visited my grandparent's house when I needed to get away.  Summer, having lost your best friend, doesn't exist.  Summer, is but a word, ergo de facto: formed by a collection of symbols, irrelevant without an agreed upon definition.  
River parties, fishing trips, canoeing, rope swings, cliff jumping, rock climbing, dirt biking, paintball brigades, snipe hunting, frog gigging, four wheeling, or countless nights camping under the stars, or any combination of one or all of the above, doesn't exist anymore.  Everything I did reminded me of Chance.  After all, we did everything together.  Basically, I had no life beyond Chance.  Having lost my Papa in earlier years, losing Chance affected me much different for some reason. 
As summer dwindled into oblivion, whether I liked it or not, the new school year was approaching fast.  I had lots of different scenarios running through my head.  Senior year, the best time of your life they say.  This wasn't the case for me.  I was dreading it with a capital D.  But sure as history is taught with glorification, my final high school year arrived.  With one more year under my belt, I could officially be an adult and do what I pleased.  Life slowly began to look up.
Sure enough the first day of school came, and it wasn't as awkward as I had anticipated.  It felt as if nothing had happened, or everyone had forgotten about the accident.  Maybe it's the crack in the wall?  
At lunch the new soccer coach came to the table I was sitting at and took the vacant seat beside me, the seat Chance would have occupied, and introduced himself.  Well, I wasn't planning on playing, but he managed to twist my arm.  Besides, it meant less work for me outside of school, which was a plus.  In between classes I ran into Jennifer.
"Raquel was asking about you, wanting to know how you were doing." Jennifer expressed with seemingly genuine interest.
"Tell her I'm sorry that we can't be together, but someday, someday." I said, as I turned and ambled off, hoping to avoid becoming tardy to class.  Thinking what I had said sounded cool, but now as I'm writing it, sounds very . . .well . . . lame.  Then again, I'm pretty confident I wasn't the poster child for sensitivity, not-to-mention heartthrob, or Don Juan.
In every class, it seemed that the teachers were trying to promote college as if they received a bonus or promotion for getting us accepted.  They shared their college experiences and expressed how it was vital for anyone that wanted to succeed in life.  Personally, I had never really put a great deal of thought in the matter.  Maybe because I didn't see how I used my high school education, much less accumulate all these student loans to go to this prestigious establishment, to become indoctrinated.  However, I was keeping the option open, labeled in my mind, just in case.  
Trapped in a place without bars, but condemned the same.  Before long, I was back into the routine, and before I knew it, the first quarter of my senior year had flown by on the wings of a mythical bird.  I missed Chance and I'm sure that attributed to my lack of enthusiasm.  School to me felt more like a job than a social learning environment.  My Mom and Step-Dad constantly nagged me to the point of frustration, so I eventually filed with FAFSA, and filled out forms for Colleges, and applied for a few scholarships and grants.  More-or-less, I saw it as my parent's way of getting me out of the house, with of course their spin of: 'A head start on life.'  
One class period into the second quarter, particularly in history class, I had a teacher by the name of Mr. Swinger.  He was a rather odd character if you ask me.  He always wore the same khaki, cargo pants, with a plaid button up shirt.  Not the cool plaid either.  He wore thick glasses and his hair was running away from his forehead, (a 10-90: ten percent on the top, ninety percent in the back.  Suffering from HIV: hair is vanishing).  He was light skinned and walked daintily, as if on tippy toes.  He seemed to have overactive sweat glands, thus sweating more than the average person.  Well, in his class I could pretty much get away with murder, if I flirted with him.  Yes, I said it, flirt.  An experience based around shock value, it was a little weird, but strangely entertaining.  In his class, we had the typical student types.  In a random pecking order: the scenesters, the hipsters, the preps, the hip-hop heads, the farm boys, the choir kids, the band kids, the Bible thumpers, the drama kids, the Goths, the MTV wanksters, the jocks, the emos, the computer geeks, the small town rich kid that got away with murder because of his last name, the local cheerleader that everyone on the football team had taken their turn with.  Also, the kid that sat directly behind me that I imagined would someday bring a gun to school and start blazing the place.  Not to omit, the adrenaline junkies: the skaters, the skiers, the pill poppers, the potheads, the candy kids, and future alcoholics.  Lastly, the more normal, middle-class students like me that just couldn't wait to get out of town.  Small town politics 101.
In Mr. Swinger's class we would watch video segments on CNN pertaining to world news.  Like clockwork, the first thing on the agenda was the video.  It was a younger, more hip CNN, and was geared toward us teens.  The segments would generally last anywhere from ten to fifteen minutes, and immediately following would be a class-quiz.  The quiz, by design, was to expose your lack of paying attention.  In theory it was a plausible formula.  However, it seemed to provide ample opportunity for note passing, spit-wads, random fart or farm animal noises, to the couple in the back of the class that often made out.  Most diversions were entertaining, as I myself often indulged.  However, one day the hip CNN was more interesting to me at least.  
It was a segment on dimensions.  Fundamentally, I didn't get excited for the hip CNN, with its useless mumbo-jumbo, himbo-bimbo, politics, and blah-bitty-blah-blah.  It did however catch my eye.  Intrigued, the segment showed a scientist being interviewed at a public press conference.  The scientist stated that he and his team of scientists had explored the existence of eleven parallel dimensions.  In the new wave of physics, he explained, we as humans function in a three dimensional universe.  As to theories the team of scientists had concluded on what might or might not exist, if we could see, access, or function in these different dimensions. 
"We have no scientific proof what exactly exists in these parallel dimensions."  The Dr. emphasized.
Following the press conference, a clip portrayed a computer-enhanced presentation that depicted the structural make up of each dimension and what they may or may not look like if we could see them with our naked eye.  More accurate, wrap our brain around.  Mesmerized, witnessing the fireworks of the Gods, a talking raccoon, a newborn infants first breath, the depth of the ocean, blueprints to a spaceship, the encoding of our DNA, the Holy Grail.  To me it was a prime example that we know less than nothing.  Something I could identify with, in that we are pushing the boundaries at warp speed in our evolutionary chain.  As the segment came to a close, CNN displayed the scientists name and the lab they worked out of.  I rapidly ripped a piece of notebook paper and jotted the information down as well as their web address.  As usual, after any potentially resourceful news, the media attempted to divert our attention to other, more unimportant issues.  When we're at war for example, there always seems to be a major political scandal around the same time.  That incidentally, every time the celeb or person of celebrity gets off unscathed, or, in rare cases a slap on the wrist.  Coincidence?  I think not.  They, 'the powers that be' showed Britney Spears shaving her head.  My SWAG (scientific-wild-ass-guess), to sidetrack the attention of the audience from emotions, thinking, questioning, having a voice; CHANGE.  (Quid pro quo.)    
When the CNN clips were over, Swinger hit the lights.  Out of the corner of my eye, for a split second, I saw myself.  Not like a projection, nor like a reflection in a mirror or a pool of standing water, more like there.  Waving my hands back and forth over my head, expressing something?   And in a microsecond, the cloned image of me had vanished!  In reaction to the reaction, I stood and felt this intense rush of energy, chill bumps, and breath deprivation.  With the entire classroom's attention, all eyes upon me, I was a tumor, the grim reaper derived from the black plague, an extra terrestrial.   
"Is everything alright Fisher?" asked Mr. Swinger with crazy eyes, as I quickly took my seat.  
"Sorry.  I uh. . . thought I saw a spider," my vague attempt to rationalize as everyone laughed in unison.   
For the remainder of the class period I tried to convince myself that I saw nothing, that I was just imagining things.  I couldn't disguise, delude, or displace what I had seen, however, it was no mirage, nor hallucination.  I could deny the truth, but I saw something, me, but why?  How? To think that someday, one day, not so far away, it would all make sense.  Well, things would be much different to say the least.
*
Voice:
"The light we see from the Sun is eight minutes old.  The light we see from our closest star has traveled four and a half years."
*
After school, I scuttled outside.  In front of the campus, scanning the flood of students and waiting for the kid that sat directly behind me in history class to emerge.  My plan was to ask if he had seen anything in Mr. Swinger's class.  I didn't want to, but if anyone else did, I figured it would be him.  As I waited I grew impatient.  Minutes later I saw him exit, flowing amongst the crowd but with a flow of his own, as I began my approach.  Making brief eye contact, he turned in the opposite direction.  Picking up my pace, with my books heavily slowing me down,
"Hey kid."  I yelled across the school grounds but received no response.  'Of course he won't reply to hey kid, idiot.' Kicking it up a notch, into a brisk jog, getting closer, twenty feet, then within five feet as he slowly turned to face me.  His eyes, hard to read seemed haunted, burdened, and troubled.  He dressed in black head to toe, with long jet-black hair.  His bottom lip pierced, filled with a metal stud, a black leather necklace, reminding me of a dog collar, fastened tight around his neck.  
"Leave me alone," he voiced, followed by a cold glare, grinding his jaws, as a moment of awkward silence developed as he turned to leave.  
"Did you see anything in Mr. Swinger's class today?"  I blurted out.  Stopping mid-stride, he slowly turned towards me, leading with his eyes, revealing a fiendish grin.
"No, but you did, period, exclamation mark.  OMG. LOL."  As he laughed as one might laugh if insane.  'What?  Who does this guy think I am?  Who does he think he is, with his black lipstick, his fading guy liner and black fingernails?  I get it, invisible to the night; I hang out in graveyards; it's too late to smile; really?'  Eyes locked, neither of us speaking, he grinned and took a step towards me, right in my Civil Rights.  Nervous, he leaned forward, afraid he was about to bite my neck, suck my life, as he inhaled a deep breath. 
"I love youuuuuu."  Holding out the u kind of like its spelled. 
"You're crazy," he whispered.  Startled, unknowing what to expect, I froze like an ice cube, troubled and searching for a just response.  I worried that at any second he would pull out a blade and stab me, pull a dead cat from his book bag, or steal my soul.  As he stepped back, he lifted his hand towards his mouth and spat his gum into his palm.  Clinching his hand into a fist, he reached towards me and lifted my hand palm up.  In shock, absent of motor skills, he placed the gum he had been chewing in my hand, folding my fingers back, forming my hand into a fist, feeling his wet and slimy gum warm in my hand.  As my mind rebelled, my mind flashed to the thought of germs, or potential disease.  Becoming nauseous, tasting the alkaline pre-effect of vomit, ready to hurl any second, he grimly grinned, winked with his right eye, and extended his tongue as if he wanted to lick me, then turned and shuffled off.  Appalled and utterly disgusted, all I could think was, now he knows my face, when he does come to the school with a sawed off double barrel shotgun I am on that list.  Perfect.
The graveyard banger had flustered my feathers.  Peeling the gum off my hand, I tossed it to the ground below and started walking towards my car, running the play-by-play encounter with Freak Show, realizing I should have done this or I should have done that.  What I couldn't believe was that he had the audacity to put his gum in my hand, the nerve.  I rushed home, washed my hands, then logged on to my computer and typed in the web address for the website from the CNN segment.  
I watched the videos concerning dimensions at least twenty-five times.  It was magic.  For the first time in my life, I had interest in something that made my life seem worthwhile.  A knock at the door was heard as my Mom entered my bedroom, verbally assigning a list of chores that I wasn't overly excited about.  Typical, Nosy Rosy, she entered the room, walked towards my computer, looking into the monitor,
"That's cool huh, is that some computer game?" she asked. 
"No, it's something for school."  I replied for the sake of explanation.  Prior to leaving, she asked that I join the family downstairs for dinner.  Saving the videos to my desktop, I logged off my computer and headed downstairs.
At the dinner table we carried out our typical dinner conversation.  My younger sister Amanda received all the attention with her dance class, 'Tiffany this, Zabrina that, I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl.'  And my little brother Dallas, refusing to eat his greens, whining, cowering, spoiled.  My parents, obligated to engage in conversation, would ask me about school and if I had decided where I was planning on attending college.  Yada-yada, hanky-panky, and of-course, the Step-Dad would chime in ripe with stories about his experiences in college.  Highlighting on the fundamentals of his experience, 'the girls, the parties, the seventies.'  Always concluding with, 'Your old man used to be pretty hip in his day.'  Lucky for me I had no knowledge of anything different as I laughed and agreed to pretty much any and everything with some enthusiasm.  
*
Voice:
"Did you know?  Bears like to dance when no one's watching them?  True story.  RIP Timothy Tredwell."
*
Back to Contents



Chapter: Three.

The rest of my senior year I spent bored.  I tried to entertain myself, which consequently landed me in the principal's office on a regular basis, hearing rhetorical speeches like,  'you're a bright student.  You make good grades, you have so much potential.  Why all of a sudden are you acting out?'  My honest, regular response would be, 'I'm over it.  I'm bored.'  I was in school, but I had already left.  My sarcasm only fed flames to the fire.  Consequent, the principal became more aggravated, and was not a constituent in my disciplinary process.  I just didn't fit the mold.  I couldn't participate in having useless conversations with people who planned on doing nothing with their lives.  Content with the expected, being normal, and had no aspirations of anything more or of anything different.  No ambitions or dreams (words not necessarily encouraged in these parts); aside from the go to school and have a family philosophy.  Perhaps it was my curse to look different, to think different, to be different.  Am I so different?  Am I alone with such thoughts?  To be diplomatic, viewing through these binoculars, there is a certain appeal in this approach to life.  In that which encompasses structure, if applied to certain unorthodox ideals or endeavors.  Be that as it may, perhaps deep down I regretted that I was a dreamer, or one with ambitions outside of the norm.  Ultimately, to each is own.  It is a fact that we all breathe the same air, see the same sky, and see the same stars.  
*
Voice:
"Mean people are the least interesting people, in that it's so easy to be mean.  To be vain, self-indulged, vile, ego-driven, to spread hate, to be negative.  One might debate the biology, physiology, sociology, psychology; but who wants to hear all that ology?  Instead: its hard to be kind, to love, to strive to be your best, to think of others.  Don't do something because it's easy.  Do something because it's hard.  Be different!  My echo into eternity . . ."
*
With my downtime I started doing my own research on the principles surrounding dimensions.  To my surprise, I found a lot of people just as intrigued as myself.  I unearthed several different theories that kept me inspired.  Originally, I learned about string theory, and pipe theory.  Alongside, particle physics, quantum mechanics, metaphysics, the Heisenberg uncertainty principle, and the theory of everything, the Higgs boson, and many more.  I quickly came to the realization that I was in over my head.  Understandably, these physicists had dedicated their life to science and to the understanding or rationalization of it.  With all their complexities, I couldn't really smell what they smelled.  
Frustrated but unwilling to surrender, I continued my research and found a lot of skeptics on this subject matter.  People, however you slice it, with different viewpoints of the particle of matter theory, or of the different waves, rings, or vibrations.  People like me, searching for a more simplistic explanation concerning dimensions.  Understand, as long as you're in the progressive majority, you are free to say what you will.  However, there are a lot of examples in my defense of seeking simplicity.  Arguments abound, some not as scientific, perhaps categorized as pseudo-science, however, plausible, pertinent, or highly logical.  I also learned that dimensions, having not a lot of concrete information surrounding them, could be interpreted in a garden variety.  Now don't kill the messenger, but dimensions exist among religious circles, society, social structures, media, art, knowledge, life, death, love, hate, history, the present, and the future.  With this mindset, pretty much any and everything.
In my search, I unearthed prophecies surrounding several ancient civilizations, the Sumerians, the Romans, the ancient Egyptians, the Greeks, the Khmer, and other advanced civilizations.  Understand, each civilization was technologically advanced, the modern world of their time, from an architectural standpoint, to astronomy, philosophy, medicine or medical practices.  Regarding the Mayan's, I learned that they reveal that the Mayan calendar prophesies: "Age of the Jaguar," the fifth and final "sun" is 2012 AD.  A nice enough number, which just happens to be in your near future, actually, perhaps this date has already passed?  How is oblivion?  Well, this group of people gave examples and analogies of how they thought it would or could happen.  I found their theories about sun spots, a planet X, magnetic fields, warfare and invasion, elites guilt, superstition, environmental destruction, very . . . interesting.  (Maybe just an awakening?)  Understand, if there were a planet X, we would be able to see it, years in advance.  Furthermore, if the Mayans had such a heightened ability to predict catastrophe, why could they not foresee the invading Spaniards, or prevail the cognitive threshold, which we happen to face?  Not to mention their/our water crisis.  Nonetheless, someday the universe will run out of energy, reach a state of entropy, and cease to exist.  Someday, we will have depleted the Earth of all its resources.  But last I thought, no one knew the day, the hour, or year for this matter?  One can never be too certain, but last I checked, a 'final' theory is a non-zero-sum.  
The thought that first percolated in my mind is how can we know if there is such a calendar in existence?  Secondly, if there is such, who could you trust to interpret it without ulterior motives or secondary agendas?  Imagine, I'm the guy interpreting this ancient calendar, 'forty color plates, black and white pictures, and diagrams,' which most had not heard of until recently . . . hmm, I guess then you could write a book on apocalyptic catastrophe.  With a few weeks of research, and collaboration of so-called 'enlightened individuals,' they could package and sell something that would make anyone believe anything.  Hence, the possibilities are infinite.  The Snozzberries taste like Snozzberries.  Thus, I, a normal person, should live my life thinking that the world is coming to an end by some calendar that is predicting such extraordinary claims that I hadn't even heard of five or ten years ago?  Wow.  Bravo, Bravo.  Please move to the front of the class, come on people.  So this idea is the work of a group of people, 'pseudo-scientists, paranormal activity enthusiasts and internet theorists,' basically, opportunists.  With little thought process involved, I decided to straddle the fence on this particular subject.  Recalling a collective thought process, 'society,' accepted science, a blink in the eye of time; thought the Earth was flat, and anyone that thought different, was crazy.  Then again, the Earth is flat.  
Case in point, without the ideas of the Wright brothers' 'fantasy of flight,' we would not own the sky as we do today.  At one time landing on the moon was unconceivable much less having observatories, or a manned enclave, mining to gather helium three as an energy source as such conversations are being entertained.  Or, terraforming mars for that matter.  Our method of pioneering is by discovery, nine times out of ten by accident.  Which leads one to wonder: is the way we live today going to seem barbaric or archaic to the dwellers of the not so distant future?  How can it not?  
*
Voice:
"We are the next ancient civilization.  Any great dynasty comes to an end.  Ours is at hand, unless we change?  What we can measure will always limit our view of reality."
*
Flash back to the turn of the nineteenth century, to a time when we didn't even know gorillas existed.  It was thought gorillas were some mythical being or legend that pygmy tribesmen had fabricated.  Prior to 1847, the gorilla was unnamed and only known by rumor.  In 1902 the mountain gorilla was 'discovered' and is now history.  Modern day beliefs top these stories with the famous Y2K scare.  I know anyone reading this would agree that this was probably the biggest hype of our lifetime.  I'll never forget my Dad stocking up groceries in the cellar for Doom's Day.  This falsehood also existed even earlier, (cough) the underground bunkers that our parents or grand parents can recall which were to protect them from the red scare.  They can remember that if you didn't have one you were as good as dead.  At any second they believed that they were going to be nuked by the Russians.  Fear and deception is a device, a tool, and a means to an end.
*
Voice:
"Do you understand how much money stands to be made on devastation, wars, disasters, fear?  Who is making this money?"
*
Everyone has questions, but answers are more rare.  Which brings me to my next point: why can't things be simpler?  Why do we need all the answers?  As rational beings, we believe that our way of thinking is right, which makes yours obviously wrong.  It's a disease known as IRYW (I'm right you're wrong).  Allow me to go as far as to say there is nothing to fear, only to be understood.  Naturally, it is human to be human, but we can try.  In fact, some of the best things in life are right in front of us, but many times we are too blind or caught up with the idea of life, to live.  No fault to the old way of thinking but look where it's brought us.  Do we go right or wrong?  I mean left.  (Smile.)
At this point in time, I was about to graduate and had decided on my College of choice.  Ironically, it just so happened to be in the same town where the laboratory for the dimension research is located. 
The day after graduation I packed my humble possessions and made the enticing drive to my new home, the college town of Columbia, Mo.  I was ecstatic to start a new life for myself with no family drama, baggage, or history to drag me down.
The first task at hand was to find a job.  I applied for a few jobs at local restaurants and retail stores in nearby fashion malls.  I received a couple interviews, but found I was not refined enough for the department stores and as far as the restaurants I simply lacked experience.  Just a minor set back in the big scheme of things I reassured myself.  I knew that it wasn't going to be easy.  Luckily I had saved enough money to afford a couple months of expenses.  
I squared a place, but the apartment building was not the Ritz by any means but a more practical situation.  In fact, the place seemed to have a life of its own.  I tried not to focus on the living conditions, but thought of the building as just a roof over my head.  It was an old building, with brickwork on the outside and vines growing vertically up the exterior walls.  The building was in desperate need of restoration.  My apartment was located on the second floor of the twenty-four unit building.  
Beginning to settle in, I discovered that across the hall from my apartment was some talent.  AKA, a very attractive girl, of which, I admired with quite attention; every time I saw her however, I avoided her.  I guess I was a tad intimidated, and didn't feel that I was good enough.  She was beautiful this girl, as pretty of a peach pie that ever went on a hayride.  She had long golden-brown hair, deliciously slender, smelled like roses, and always dressed really cute.  Heck, she even walked pretty.  Each encounter I had with her, she had a smile on her face, which was what I liked most about her.  The problem here was her roommate.  Not a girl, but a dude.  He was slightly older, good looking, a successful-looking kind of guy.  Generally other dudes didn't intimidate me, but he was better looking than me.  And I didn't really have much to offer in the means of finances.  Truthfully, I would have been lucky to take her to McDonalds and order off the dollar menu at this point in my life.  I'm sure that would impress any girl on a first date. 
What I have come to learn to love about life is that it has a funny way of making us face our fears.  One day, sitting in my apartment, I heard a knock at the door.  One must understand that I didn't know anyone that lived nearby, or anyone that would just drop by.  As I stood up and slowly approached the door, I heard the knock again, which jarred me.  I thought to act like I wasn't home.  Then I heard a girl's voice humming a sweet melody to a song.  I continued toward the door, and looked through the peephole.  To my dismay, it was the girl from across the hall.  Dazed and falling into a trance, I found myself drawing blanks, in a blank stare.  She, wearing a pair of pink sweat shorts and a white tank top, turned to walk back toward her apartment.  My inner voice screamed, 'open the door.'  Absent of thinking, I quickly turned the handle to open the door.  Upon opening the door, I felt a sudden vacuum of wind as she turned in slow motion, as if freeze-framed, revealing her beautiful smile.  I saw rays from the sun beaming from her eyes and her hair shined as it glided through the air.  My mouth salivated and my stomach took a nose-dive. 
"Hello neighbor, I'm Comfort.  I live across the hall," releasing an endearing smile that streaked across the stars.  I blankly stared into her sweet and trusting eyes, absorbing her essence.  My mind flashed, 'is it possible that she knew?  I mean, how could she?'  To be honest, how could she not?  It was game time, now or never.  Being the cool guy I am, I gawked as if I had never seen a girl before in my life. 
"Hello?" she repeated, with my mouth agape, I had nothing to say.  I might as well have been standing naked in front of her.  I had waited for this opportunity and had everything planned out in my head.  I had even rehearsed in front of the mirror, but all of a sudden, nothing.  No funny jokes or pick up lines, just me standing drawing blanks, looking ridiculous yet-again.  I reached out with my right hand to introduce myself. 
"Fisher, it's nice to meet you." as my voice betrayed an undercurrent of fascination, she extended her right hand and with a tender touch, she maintained an unexpected firm handshake that was fragile, but strong.  Her delicate hand felt soft and smooth.  She had such grace and true natural beauty.  
"Is there something you want me," I asked, then retracted, embarrassed. 
"I mean, you want from me?"  My inner voice speaking, loud and clear: 'idiot.  Now she's thinking you're the biggest pervert in the building.'  
"Yes I do," she replied with a spirit of spontaneity, revealing a hypnotic smile, eyes sparkling full blast, running her fingers through the tips of her hair. 
"I mean, can I borrow a cup of sugar?"  As she raised her brows, we both smiled, amused at the awkwardness of the encounter.  I had hoped to mask my attraction as I opened the door to invite her in.  It was definitely my lucky day.  I had just recently gone to the local corner store to pick up a few groceries, one of the items being sugar.  As we entered my studio apartment, I saw her scan the bare room, with my bed being one of the few things unpacked.  
"How long have you been living here?" she asked with a look of uncertainty inhabiting her face.  
"A couple weeks," I replied embarrassed, followed by an overwhelming sigh, 
"Men," she muttered under her breath, rolling her eyes, causing me to laugh.   Uncomfortable, I would dare say, awkward.  Impulse reaction, I asked the first thing that popped into my head.   
"What is the beginning if not the end?"   
"I don't know?" she replied hesitant, I smiled, trying to time my delivery. 
"Right now," I replied confident with a grin, but she said nothing.  Waiting, watching, seconds developed in the form of hours.  My heart echoed in my ears, my legs became stiff, 
"I like that," she replied.  Finally.  Something likeable and rather smooth if I say so myself.  We stood staring at one another, and I couldn't help but smile.  I couldn't help but stare.  I couldn't help but stare and smile.  She was truly a breath of fresh air, definitely something special.  The kind of special any guy in this world would love to have just an afternoon with and could die a happy man.  Call me a dreamer, but take my word, she was electric.  Snapping out of my daydream and back to virtual reality I headed toward the cabinet where I had placed the sugar and grabbed a small plastic container to put the contents in.  She struck up conversation with questions about where I was from, and what I was doing in Columbia.  Not my particular topic of interest, but I hadn't been quick enough with my draw.  So now, I had to explain my life story, waiting for her to get bored and leave.  Surprisingly, she didn't.
"Who's the guy you live with?"  I asked out of left field. 
"Oh," as she smiled,  
"Him, why, are you jealous-zealous?" as she stared, as if right through me, as if I were a volume of air, curling a loose strand of hair behind her ear, twisting her foot at the ankle against the floor, her cheeks turning rosy pink.
"That's my-uh," another brief pause,
"Brother," followed with a grin.  Cue music!  Instantly, I could hear a drowning choir of angels singing, accompanied by an orchestra as a feeling of excitement rushed through my veins.  Nirvana, I was in heaven.  Had to be, she was definitely an angel.  It was slowly starting to make sense.  Back to Earth, I casually asked, 
"Are you good with organizing stuff?"  She laughed, scanning the room, leading with her eyes.   
"Like your apartment?" As she let out an overwhelming sigh.  I observed nothing but a bed, a computer, and a pile of dirty clothes that had been taking turns being worn for the sake of unpacking.  Oh, and boxes, boxes everywhere.  Waiting for them to unpack themselves, which can happen.
"Yeah," I replied with a sympathetic tone in my voice.   
"I could sure use some help.  If you're up for the daunting task, I could make it up to you by . . . dinner." I cringed. 
"Dinner huh?  Like a date," she asked crunchy, smiling suspiciously. 
"No, definitely no, like friends," for fear of rejection. 
"So not a date?" she repeated, narrowing her eyes.
"No," shuttering, disgusted face, as she grabbed the sugar off the counter, and turned to walk towards the door.
"That's too bad.  I haven't been on a date in a while, and I'm interested in the experience."  As she stopped at the door, turned towards me, narrowing her eyes,  
"Are you gay?" she asked sideways to Saturday, with a serious look etched on her face.  The choir of angels I heard singing in perfect unison, came crashing to a screeching halt.  I swallowed hard and leaned towards the counter, but felt nothing there to brace me.  I found myself falling to the ground.  As I opened my eyes, I saw Comfort rushing towards me, with a look of fright on her face.  
"Are you okay?" she asked sympathetically.  I looked up and realized how ridiculous I must look, 
"I meant to do that."  I said with a charismatic grin as she burst into laughter.  I struggled to stand, rubbing my elbow I had hurt in the process, legitimately embarrassed and pink with pride.  She was now laughing at the situation and I, as usual, was the object of the joke.  She apologized and shielded her grin with her hand, trying to contain her laughter.  She then, grabbed a chair from across the room and placed it in front of me to sit on and regain my composure.  Accepting the gesture, I took a brief moment to gather my thoughts.
"Where were we?  Oh yes, gay.  Am I gay?  No.  Not that I have a problem with people that are gay.  Actually, I might be?  Maybe I just haven't met the right guy?"  I expressed, hoping to come across charming.  Also thinking, her brother might be gay, and the only reason she came over was to see if I was, hoping to hook us up.  A shag.  Like a fag hag; except a sister hag.   It all made sense.  The sugar was a secondary goal, the question the primary.  Hello.  How ridiculous I must look for trying to get her to go on a date with me.  There's no way she would ever go for a guy like me.'  As she saw the wheels turning she asked, 
"Did you think that was a real question?  I was kidding.  You can tell you're not gay by your place." she said, with a grin, scanning the room, showing a distasteful expression.  Cue music!  I was still thinking, however optimistically, that I might have a chance with her.
"What time should I be here to help tomorrow?" she asked, apparently unenthused and overwhelmed. 
"When's good for you?" I asked with a smile. 
"Let's do ten'ish," she voiced,
"Great, it's a date!"  I said ecstatically, 
"I mean, ten'ish is perfect." I left her with a friendly smile as she grabbed the sugar off the counter and made her way towards the door to exit.  Just prior to leaving she spun around. 
"Be careful, I wouldn't want you getting hurt," reaching for the doorknob, closing the door behind her.   
I was beside myself as you might or might not have gathered.  My world didn't make sense.  The simple fact, I had lived there a couple of weeks and every which way I had turned had been a dead end.  Finally, something good was happening.  Even if we were just friends, that would have been enough for me.  I could use a positive person like her around.  Comfort, even her name was angelic.  As I stood up out of the chair, I tried, but couldn't stop thinking about her.  
The rest of the day felt extremely long and drawn out, mainly because I was amped up.  I couldn't wait for tomorrow.  This night was restless, no thanks to my vivid imagination.  Imagining, what if this or what if that?  If it seemed remotely possible, I thought it.  Being the hopeless romantic I am, I saw myself and Comfort running through a field of marigolds; cheesy-sleezy-japaneezy, right?  I also saw Comfort and myself getting married, growing old together.  What can I say?  I wear my heart on my sleeve.  It's the only way I know how to live.  Soon after, I fell fast asleep.   
The next day, I woke feeling rested, alive, and actually looked up at the sky.  I put on some of the freshest smelling of my recycled clothes and took a walk to the local coffee house to grab a coffee.  En route, it felt like I was in a cartoon.  I couldn't help but notice all the beautiful things and happy people along the way.  I encountered a lady who had been walking her dog.  I grinned and graciously said hello as she reciprocated.  The trees were perfect in size and color.  The birds chirped in perfect harmony, and the people I passed were all friendly.  I thought to myself, 'why had I not drawn this conclusion before?'  My great realization: I was in a happy mood.  I realized, when I'm happy, everyone I come in contact with is as well.  It would seem that what you put out is what you get.  All extremes accomplish similar ends.  Strange, corny, but true.  I was on top of the snow globe.  
As I arrived to my destination, I was up to order and ordered as I did every day, regular coffee, leave room for cream.  The girl working at the coffee house, behind the counter remembered my name.  She actually remembered my name.  I thought that was pretty awesome.  I then walked and patiently waited for my coffee in the designated area, deciding to kickback and drown some time.  Understand it was still early, barely eight-thirty.  Outside, after receiving my coffee, I grabbed a seat at an empty table with other coffee customers, enjoying, observing life.  As time often does, when I looked down at my phone, which I had placed on the table, I realized it was game time.  In what felt like minutes, an hour had passed.  I packed my belongings and began walking home, hoping to avoid being late.  
Arriving at my place, I walked up the stairs to the second floor, and entered my empty apartment.  As I sat down with my belongings, I started to sift through the piles of boxes, realizing there was a great deal of work ahead.  Moments later, I heard a knock at the door.  Setting down the box I had been carrying, I checked the peephole to make sure it was Comfort, and opened the door to greet her.  Standing in front of me, freshly showered, hair still wet, she smiled as she breezed by, entering my apartment. 
"All right cowboy, lets get this rodeo over with," she voiced, releasing an overwhelming sigh.  Amused, I laughed and closed the door. 
We unpacked and unpacked some more as time flew by.  The next thing I knew, it was dark.  The day had swept by, and felt little like work, and more like fun.  This day, I learned a lot about Comfort and a little about myself.  The next few days we worked nonstop to get everything unpacked and organized.  As far as I could tell, Comfort was perfect.  While unpacking, in conversation, she mentioned that she had aspirations of someday moving to California and becoming a singer.  I would normally doubt someone with such ambitions, but for some reason I believed her.  What's even weirder is that I wanted it for her.  If it was left up to me, she deserved nothing but the best.  Above all, she deserved to be happy.
I then expressed my interest in dimensions, and how I wanted to someday understand them.  I waited for her to criticize, or tell me how big of a dork I was for wanting to learn about dimensions, but she didn't.  She simply smiled.
"That's cool," she added.  Whether or not she thought it was, I can't say.  But I felt satisfied that she did approve. 
On the final day of unpacking, Comfort mentioned that she worked part-time at a restaurant down the road as a hostess, and recalled over hearing that they were looking to hire front of the house staff.  
"Its nothing fancy, more like a college pizza joint," she said.  Nonetheless, it felt promising, and I thanked her for the sound bite.
"Would you put in a good word for me?  You know, since we have known each other a total of four days," I asked, as she grinned. 
"Sure," as we laughed.  
After we finished unpacking the remaining few boxes, the phone rang.  It was my Mom with her impeccable timing.  I tried to pry myself off the phone, but she kept rambling on and on about how my sister had gotten first place in the county fair dance competition.  I was happy for my sis, but I found myself drifting from the conversation.  I stared at Comfort, arranging items, her presence demanding my attention.  Lost in conversation, I interrupted my Mother who had been rambling about something or other, and asked that she call me later.  Thankfully, she agreed.  After successfully dodging a bullet, I apologized to Comfort for the distraction.
"Could we maybe have dinner this weekend?"  I asked.
"That would be cool, but Friday and Saturday night I work.  I can pencil you in on Sunday."
"Sold.  Sunday it is.  You see, I don't discriminate between the different days of the week."  I replied, enthusiastic,
"I'll see you Sunday, if not before."  Comfort said, with a wink.  
"Sometimes I get bored in my apartment, and I might just check up on you," with her deliverance, narrowed her eyes.
"Are you sure you're not half Asian?"  I asked.
"No why?" she responded inquisitively.
"Your hard squints, that's why.  You can drop by anytime," I said, as Comfort grinned, turned to exit.  
Alone, I looked around my newly transformed room, which was to the extent of night and day.  I couldn't believe how cool my apartment looked.  It actually looked pretty swank with my humble possessions.  Walking to my computer, I turned on some music (Kings of Convenience) and proceeded to my bed, falling with my arms outstretched, face first into my pillows, exhausted from working for four days straight. 
The next thing I know, I'm standing in front of the Dimensia lab.  Finding such peculiar, iridescent arrows emerged, in a path leading to the door?  Frozen in place, a husky voice filled my mind, commanding me to proceed.  I slowly approached the door, tried to open it, but it was locked.  'In your pocket,' the authoritative voice suggested.  As I reached into my pocket, I felt the form of a key.  Retrieving the key, I realized it was a bump key.  I inserted the key into the keyhole, tried to turn the key, but yielded no reaction.  Magically, a Stanley hammer fell from the sky, landing at my feet.  I scanned the immediate area, but no one was around for miles.  What?  I mean, why?  Something was guiding me, helping me, as I bent down to grab the hammer, grasped the handle, and with a little tap action, the door became unlocked.  As I entered the lab I felt a melting sensation, as if my legs were merging with the ground.  I looked down, visualizing my feet beginning to disappear, then my legs.  Mid-stride, I extended my hands as they too began to diminish; within seconds my entire body had dissipated.   Weird but invisible, I proceeded to enter the unknown.  Inside, seeing all of the scientific equipment, a voice suggested the events that proceeded.   Despite my resistance, the voice assured me that all would end well.  So, I stole everything and brought it back to my place.  I can't say how I managed to get all the Lab equipment back to my place, as quickly as I subdued - it was done.  I then walked around town invisibly for the remainder of the night.  
Waking in a cold sweat; what, madness!  Rising up in bed, I scanned the room and quickly understood everything was as it should have been.  Thankfully, it was nothing more than a dream.  I couldn't make much sense of it at the time, and still can't.  Although there are those that say our dreams have meanings, subconsciously, unconsciously, especially the ones we remember.  Deciding not to dwell much on the dream, I went back to sleep once I shifted into night mode, having taken off my clothes.
I awoke the next morning to yet another magnificent day.  The objective for the day was to apply at the pizza joint, as well as swoop up a few miscellaneous items at the store.  After a quick shower, followed with my other morning rituals, it wasn't long until I was en route to the pizza joint.  Soon after, I entered the establishment and was greeted by a hostess.  
"Could I speak with the manager?"  I asked, as she smiled.
"Sure," she replied enthusiastically, walking away only to return moments later.
"It will be a couple minutes, if you could have a seat and wait that would be cool," gesturing to an empty booth near the front of the restaurant.  I grinned and proceeded toward the empty booth where I sat and patiently waited.  Observing the restaurant, it had a lot of charm and character.  Along the walls hung wild game mounts and antique decor.  Old school advertisements, and some old black and white photos of random places and people, some of which I assumed to date back to the 1800's.  The carpet at my feet was red in color, old and shag.  The walls were a bright orange and the lights in the place were set low, setting a mood of relaxation.  The place overall had a mellow vibe and seemed like a pretty cool kickback, much less a job.  Minutes later, I saw a gray-headed, older, Italian guy wearing a chef apron exit the kitchen.  In his approach he smiled and introduced himself.  I stood to shake his hand and introduced myself as he grabbed the empty seat in the booth across from me where he began to scan my resume.  After a few seconds he looked up at me, 
"When can you start?" he asked, unable to overlook his strong Brooklyn accent.  Caught off guard, expecting some kind of formal interview, my voice had escaped me; he began to clear his throat,
"When can you start?  If you're deaf boy, we might have a problem with you waiting tables."  I laughed, assuming he was making a joke.
"Right now."  I replied enthusiastically.
"Good." he smiled, extending a menu,
"We open at ten, learn quick."  Dumbfounded, flabbergasted, I couldn't believe what had just taken place.  I got a job, and it was that easy.  All this time I had been worried about finding work.  Things were really beginning to look up.  Sitting in the booth, I began scanning the menu, which was pretty basic Italian cuisine.  I wasn't too worried about what kind of toppings guests wanted on their pizza or having to explain the difference between alfredo and marinara.
Before I knew it, ten o'clock had rolled around, and the place was open.  The chef came to the front of the restaurant and handed me an apron, a notebook and a tee shirt.  I grabbed the uniform and proceeded to the restroom to change as other servers entered through a backdoor of the restaurant.  I waited briefly to introduce myself as they blew right by.  'Its okay,' I thought, 'this is how they treat new people.  I can deal,' and continued to the restroom to get ready for my first day of work.  After getting laced up, I returned to the lobby and grabbed a booth where the other servers were congregating near the rear of the restaurant.  Each took turns introducing themselves and made small talk, as did I.  The other severs weren't overly friendly, but weren't rude either.   After a few casual introductions, the first table arrived.  I felt nervous, but tried to conceal it.
Patron after patron ordered pizza, pasta, breadsticks; italiano.  Before I could check my watch, the lunch rush was over.  For the most part, my first day was near okay.  Naturally, there were a couple of mistakes on my behalf: the guy that ordered no mushrooms, the girl that ordered hand tossed, not a tossed salad.  I'm human, but luckily the patrons were patient and understanding.  I mean it's not like I scolded them with hot water or anything.  So, I gave myself a C+.  Tired and ready to go, I asked a fellow server, 
"What needs to be done before we are allowed to go home for the day?"  
"There's a chart in the back of the ally, near the managers' office, posted on the wall that has side work for the day assigned according to your section," the server replied.  I then proceeded to the back, located the chart, and finished my coordinating side work and checked out with the manager.  I headed for the door wearing a grin, and sixty-two welcome dollars in my pocket.  I also received my schedule for the week, which made me think, 'if I make sixty-two dollars every shift, it would be perfect.'  I hurried home in hopes that Comfort would be there for me to explain the awesome day I had to her.  Halfway home, I passed a store that caught my eye . . .
Back to Contents



Chapter: Four.

Intrigued, I felt hesitant in the same passing thought.  The place looked to be a bookstore slash Voodoo slash occult slash anything-goes kind of joint.  At first glance, one would assume the place to be abandoned, or at least up for lease.  Having an un-kept appearance, the windows had cracks and were so filthy they were hardly transparent.  Weeds had grown through cracks in the sidewalk.  Bricks, casing the exterior had begun to erode, and large chunks had fallen on the sidewalk.  Much like a slip and slide, unsure of what I was getting myself into, my gut instinct was to pass it by, but intrigue had taken hold.  As I entered the front entrance, I heard a bone-chilling scream; I jumped, went stiff, the hairs on my body standing at attention.  Frozen in the doorway, I paused momentarily, nervous, confused, but saw no one around?  I looked up at the doorframe, most doors have a bell that greets a guest when entering; this place had a scream box.  Initially, the place gave me the creeps as I ventured into the unknown, mystified.  I was a drag queen at a tractor pull.  'The people working here must think I'm lost,' I thought.  Displaced, the store's foul odor reminded me of sweat, pigs' feet, and bad breath; masked with Chanel perfume.  Absorbing the stage, I saw books and books galore.  Stacked to the ceiling with no organization whatsoever, it was as if someone had thrown the books into piles, which had grown to the point of chaos.  Some of the piles had grown to upward of ten feet tall, compiled of books proclaiming prophecies, hypnosis, astronomy, astrology, Darwinism, vampires, dragons, the occult, superstitions, supernatural, with most un-familiar to me.  Feeling overwhelmed, behind the counter was a collection of small jars that seemed to contain human hair, others with what looked like blood, venom, and various organs.  Animal or human, I was uncertain.  Gagging and instantly becoming nauseous, I had to look away.  Walking about aimlessly, a book seemed to stand out more than any other.  Was it beckoning me?  At first glance, one would think nothing of it.  It was old and worn, from a different existence.  I reached to retrieve the book from the pile as dust filled the immediate five-foot radius.  Holding my breath and waiving my hand through the air, the pile began to shift as I took a step backwards, worrying that the pile could avalanche and bury me alive.  Seconds later, the ruble of books had settled, but I maintained book in hand.  The book felt fragile, as if at any second it could crumble to pieces in my grasp.  Cracking the spine, I leafed through the pages and realized an odd consistency throughout it.  I found it peculiar to say the least, but the book had words not typed, but printed, as if it was someone's memoir.  Scanning the pages, I looked for an author or year of publication, but found neither.  As I silently read bits and pieces of a story concerning an ancient civilization that had mysteriously vanished.  It was written from a journalist's perspective that had lived among the people.   Enthralled, I was startled by an older lady's voice which was rather rough, low, and raspy.
"Are you doing okay sweetie?" 
"Yes," I non-saliently replied, as I turned to direct my attention to the person speaking.  I saw an older woman standing behind the counter with a large red snake wrapped around her neck.  Startled, I knew this expression was visible on my face.  I tried to act cool, like nothing was out of the norm, when she reached out her arm and extended her hand my direction.  Nervous, somewhat confused, I stood, staring blankly.
"It's okay, touch my hand." she said.  Staring, thinking why I should do such a strange, random request. All thoughts came to a halt; it was the eyes, her eyes, eyes of a blind woman.  I slowly and cautiously walked towards her and reached out my hand.
"I'm sorry.  I'm just scared of snakes, that's all," I said, clearing the nervous bulge in my throat.  Seconds between us, an awkward silence evolved, when she started to laugh hysterically; crazy town population unknown.  Face to face, with inches between us, I saw her teeth cavity rotten, stained brown, with breath that reeked of curdled milk that was left out in the sun for weeks.  Her hair was ratty and nappy.  Flies buzzed about and I was certain that they nested their eggs in her un-kept hair.  Her eyes were bluish-gray and glazed over, like a foggy, smoked glass.   Her arms had deep scratches, as dried flesh peeked from underneath her nails.  Realizing, she had self inflicted her wounds.  Her face was dirty, with wrinkles beyond her years.  A mole was positioned on her chin, and stood alone.  One might have confused it with a gumball had it not been for the three black hairs protruding.  Her clothing was unclean, abnormal, and worn.  The snake whisked its tongue at me, slithering to reveal a medallion draped from the woman's neck.  Fastened to a strand of rope, the medallion was the exact picture of the cover of the book I had clutched under my arm, which I found unsettling.  After examining more thoroughly, the medallion had two snakes climbing, intertwined along a dagger.  The lady, with drool running from her mouth, hadn't stopped laughing.  She abruptly stopped, and a low, demonic, raspy, cigarette voice, came out of her,
"The snake is my eye's.  I want you to grab my hand."  My heart pounding in my chest, I found myself repeating her statement in my mind to fully grasp it.  I looked around the store planning my exit strategy, looking persistently at any and all exits.  I thought, 'I will have to bolt at any second,' as she grabbed my hand.  Frightened, unfortunately for me she had a firm grip while she stroked my hand as if petting an animal of sort, feeling her fingernails begin to dig in.  I nervously thought to myself, 'great.  Not only am I scared out of my mind, I'm being petted by an old, blind, gypsy lady, with a red venomous snake around her neck.'  Keep in mind, the snake was slithering and hissing at me.  Before I could remove my hand, she started speaking loudly in a foreign language, as her head tilted back, her eyes following the motion, nothing visible but the white of her eyes.  In disbelief, she began to shake uncontrollably.  Seconds later, coming to an abrupt stop, she released my hand as my arm fell to my side.  In shock, I had lost control of my feet.   Unable to run, I stared, intrigued, as she lowered her head in a falling motion.  Then, slowly raised it as if she were trying to look at me, 
"Fisher, I know what you're here for," she said with a grim grin.  Now I'm freaked out!  Not only did she call me by name, she also put some kind of spell on me.  I was certain of it.   
"Wait here, I have something for you," she said.  Okay, this was my opportunity, she was headed back to her little spell area, and I had my chance to run.  I really wanted the book I had in my arm, but didn't want to wait.  For all I knew, she was coming back with her son, who might be a deformed-disfigured-giant, a serial killer, or a mutant, who would lock me up in shackles and torture me or possibly eat me?  After mustering up the courage to run, I saw her hobbling towards me with the assistance of a walking cane, with a skull handle and foreign writing down the shaft.  Thinking, 'for an old blind lady she's pretty quick.'  Not quick enough in the moment, I had no choice but to ride the wave.  I knew that if something happened, worse case scenario, I could out run her for sure.  Coming to the realization, that if I saw any deformed-disfigured-giant, creature, son-looking person . . . well, I was pretty much up poop creek in that scenario.  As she returned, I hadn't moved, and like a statue, was frozen in place.  With my mind in chaos, she leaned forward, motioning with her index finger, as if she wanted me to move closer, to whisper something.  Strange, odd, Ricky Martin, not wanting to do so, I cautiously leaned forward and in the process, heard a loud scream.  Startled, I jumped clean out of my shoes, at least three feet in the air and took off running towards the door.  Not looking back, not stopping for anyone or anything, knocking over a bookshelf in the process.   Arriving at the door, two customers stood in the doorway.  Experiencing breath deprivation, with sweat beginning to build, the scream I heard dawned on me to be the delightful door chime.  After a moment of confusion, the customers stared blankly.  Sweating bullets, with my heart racing, the two customers suspiciously glanced towards the counter.  Judging by the look of suspicion etched on their faces, I realized, they must have been thinking I had just robbed this old lady.  Inhaling a deep breath, I attempted to regain my composure, 
"Is everything okay?" one of the patrons asked, with a misleading grin.  I swallowed, trying to catch my breath.
"Yeah, everything's delicious, just got a-uh . . . a little scared, that's all."  Embarrassed, I turned back around and headed towards the counter, picking up the bookshelf I had knocked over.  Seconds later, I arrived at the counter, where the old lady hadn't moved.  Regretfully, I apologized thrown into a tizzy, 
"How much do I owe for the book?" I asked, as she grinned,    
"Just bring it back when you're done.  It's on the house." she replied, in her deep, raspy, dark voice.  Extending her arm, with a business card stuck between her index and middle finger, as I casually reached out to accept the card. 
"Be careful son.  The path you're headed down is a path less traveled.  Steer clear of any and all dark beings; they are the rulers of the Other World.  Without their invitation, you are trespassing."  Confused by her barbed remark, and slightly disturbed, I simply grabbed the business card, placing it safely in the front pocket of my jeans, and thanked her for the book, making my way toward the exit.   
Outside, it felt as if it was a different world.  Feeling the warm sun on my skin, I felt revived and thankful to be alive.  I assertively proceeded to walk toward my place, revisiting the strange encounter in my mind.  Minutes later, I arrived at my apartment.  As I began setting down my things, I heard a knock at the door.  Checking the peephole, I saw it was Comfort, and opened the door to greet her, then explained the progression of what had just unfolded.
"Have you ever been in that store?" I asked, 
"No, no way.  That place is crazy with a K." she laughed in response, 
"You think?"  I replied rhetorical in all acts of rhetoric, as we laughed, dismissing the incident.   
The rest of the afternoon, Comfort and I hung out until she had to leave for work.  After she left I picked up the book I received earlier from the snake lady and started to read.  The book, which took place in the late sixteenth century, was written by a journalist of Puritan decent who had found a tribe of Indians called the Venimas.  The Journalist claimed to have lived among the tribe, the tribe having grown to accept him as one of their own.  He shared, fortunately for him, the Venimas thought he was a prophet.  As I read, my understanding of the prophecy was a white man that would show the Venimas the ways of the Other World, but in reality, vise-versa.  Doing such, it showed how to respect their world as they have respect for ours.  His interpretation of the Other World was a multi-verse, or distant land.  The Journalist gave stories of the tribe's rituals, culture, history, and was fascinated how the tribe had survived.  The book was truly inspirational, some of the stories the Journalist described regarding the shaman seemed fictional.  Sorry, the shaman was the healer of the tribe, a divine leader, with special powers from the leaders of the Other World.
Continuing to read, the journalist went into rather great detail explaining the beliefs of the tribe, pertaining to the Other World.  There were stories of people who had passed and how they were gone but weren't.  He thought those who had passed were now living in the Other World, and at times could return to be with them.  The Venimas claimed to exist, a parallel universe.  They believed to be real and furthermore present, or co-exist.  The Journalist stated that he himself was slowly coming to their beliefs, only because he had seen things that were truly remarkable, in the realm of unexplainable.  That is, without having seen it first hand.  The book had drawings he had replicated from the sacred scrolls the Venimas had painted on hides.  His opinion, what looked like a map of the Other World, which was very detailed, elaborate, and spellbinding.  
I found the book to be entertaining, but didn't put much thought on the matter.  After all, it was a book, a fictional book at that.  Sitting on a stool at the counter, I continued to read the book for the remainder of the night, until I could no longer keep my eyes open, and decided to call it a day, proceeding to bed.   Ironically, this night, mid-sleep, I had a strange dream.  Not like the earlier dream, this one involved the snake lady.  The setting was at a big bonfire, and the snake lady was present, only much younger and believe it or not, somewhat attractive.  I watched from a safe distance as she danced around the fire, with the snake dangling from her neck, with a group of fellow occult drumming and chanting.  Holding a book high above her head, speaking aloud in the foreign language.  She then turned in my direction and opened the book to the map section and began pointing, while speaking in the foreign language.  Then leaped, but a distance too far for a leap, it seemed as if she somehow gracefully glided towards me, while continuing to point at the map.  And then I awoke, but was drenched in sweat, as I sat up in bed, I realized I had the book grasped in my hands and was laid open to the map.  Finding this peculiar and somewhat unsettling.  In that I specifically recalled placing the book on the counter.   Freaked out, I closed the book and placed it back on the counter and tried to go back to sleep but couldn't.  My mind raced with ideas, and I felt scattered brained.  Unable to sleep, I got out of bed and walked to my computer to Google the word Venima.  Shockingly, I found an article of a secret society that believed snakes were creatures of the Other World.  The article claimed that the secret society believed that snakes are creatures that can exist in both worlds.  As I continued to read, the article provided stories about the pragmatic society, the culture, and of things they believed.  Some of which I found not plausible but radical, gnarly, a little far fetched, extreme, and goldfishy.
Trying to make sense of the madness, I came to the conclusion that the snake lady had placed some kind of spell on me, which is why I had the dream.  Grabbing the book, along the binder was a picture of a king cobra snake.  Hello, operator?  It made perfect sense.  Not-to-mention, what a coincidence that I remember the creation story, involving the tree of knowledge, (which should have been called the tree of death) that Adam (Atom?) and Eve (Evolution/evolve?) weren't supposed to partake.  (Perhaps the rib is a metaphor/symbolism for DNA?)  As it is told in the creation story, the serpent convinced Eve that their eyes would be fully open if they ate from the tree, which they were forbidden to, however, did.   In return, God cursed the serpent by saying,
"You will crawl on your belly, the remainder of your days."  Which I had thought, would had to have been a snake.  In my opinion, they weren't very original in coming up with a secret society.  The creation story is only the most romanticized story out there.  
I then logged off my computer and decided to try to get some shut-eye.  Seeing that I had concluded the weird day I had encountered, I fell fast asleep.   When I awoke, I began getting around for work, excited to have a job.  On the way out the door I snatched up the book to take and return to the crazy lady at the bookstore.  I hoped I could pop in unnoticed, drop the book and bail.  After walking a couple blocks, I arrived at the bookstore.  Entering the front door, nervous, somewhat afraid, I heard a scream.  Of course, why not, the delightful doors chime.  Recognizing the familiar, unsettling smell, I continued to approach the counter, manned by an emo kid, around my age.  
"Can I drop this book off with you?" I posed.
"The lady that was working yesterday let me borrow it." 
"Sure, but there was no lady working yesterday man," he smiled, half-cocky,
"Yeah right," as my stomach churned.  
"The blind lady with the snake," I grinned in response, concerned and partially irritated.  He smiled, rolled his eyes, dismissing me, 
"Dude, I don't know what cloud your on," as he quickly glanced at the book, 
"That's not even our book, and there's no blind lady that works at this bookstore bro."  As a sudden chill swept over me, embarrassed and somewhat troubled, I simply thanked him for his time and realized how stupid I must look, and decided to leave.  Outside, I stepped back on the sidewalk and closely examined the store, thinking, 'I could have possibly been confused or it was another store?'  But after a thorough inspection, I realized that was not the case.  No prize in my cereal box.  I then continued to walk towards work.  En route, I tried to convince myself it was in my dream, and that I had dreamt what had happened yesterday as I looked down, book clutched under my arm.  Unfortunately no rationalizing that one, ey rabbit.  
At work, I kept wondering what significance the book had, and what I had to do with it all.  It was definitely strange, and I had never really experienced anything of this nature.  After a couple of hours into my shift the lunch rush was over.  On my way out the door, the manager stopped me and asked,  
"Fisher, can you pull a double, it would really help me out?"  Pleading with puppy dog eyes.  A double meant working the dinner shift as well.  Under normal circumstances I wouldn't care to, but seeing all the weird things that had been happening with my downtime, I jumped at the opportunity.  Not to mention Comfort was working the night shift and the possibility to make some extra cash.   Hurrying home to drop off the book and to grab a quick bite to eat, I stopped by Comfort's apartment and informed her that I had picked up the dinner shift, and asked her if it would be cool if we could walk to work together.  
After grabbing a quick bite to eat, later that afternoon, en route to work I shared with Comfort the unsettling information I had learned earlier.  How the snake lady didn't work at the bookstore.  Not-to-mention the book wasn't even from there.  She agreed it was weird, as I explained my theory about the book, and explained the details of the secret society, 
"Wow.  You attract all the freaks huh?" as she laughed.  Well, I didn't laugh because I was actually kind of worried about the dreams, and the simple fact I didn't know, troubled me.   
That night, work was busy.  Saturday nights I discovered you could make some pretty good money.  I made forty-eight dollars on the lunch shift, and a whopping bill-twenty-two on the dinner shift, which was not-to-shabby for a days work.  It was perfect actually, because Comfort and I had a date the following day, our first of many if I had anything to say about it.  After finishing my assigned side work, I checked out with the manager and was free to go.  Walking home from work, it wasn't long until I arrived at my place, where I decided to get on the internet and try to do a little more research on the Venimas.
Searching the web, filtering through the countless pages of useless information, I discerned there wasn't a great deal of knowledge or information surrounding them that was readily available.  I basically concluded that the Venimas were a pre-literate society, a hunter-gatherer civilization, with strong rituals and culture.  I was frustrated because I could not find any further resourceful information.  I logged off my computer and went to bed.
Mid-sleep, the golden hour, I had a dream, the same dream I had the day before, with the same lady, and came to in a cold sweat, with the book lying open in my hands.   Worried, I felt confident she had put a spell on me, and geeked out at this point.  Slamming shut the book, a story flashed to my mind.  I grabbed a box of matches I had in a dresser drawer, and proceeded to the kitchen sink.  My Grandma had once shared a story pertaining to my Dad and his sister, my Aunt, concerning a weegie board that they had been given.  
"Ever since they had it, weird things started to happen.  They would store it in the closet, beneath some blankets, and the very next day, it would mysteriously be on top of the pile."  Continuing, I recall,
"They kept it in your Aunt's room at the time; she would never sleep in her bed, because something one night levitated her off the bed, while choking her around the neck.  Choking with such a grip that she nearly died of suffocation, with bruises the next day as evidence."  My Aunt I was told, slept underneath the bed after that incident out of fear for sometime.  My Grandma also explained how my Aunt's room became the coldest room in the entire house, even though the heating system seemed to work properly. 
"We tried to throw it away, but it would somehow always resurface.  It didn't matter where we placed it.  Somehow, it always found its way back.  Finally, we decided to burn it in the trash barrel.  Hoping to get rid of the negative energy or spirits once and for all, and indeed that seemed to be the only way.  And it worked!"  
At the sink, violently ripping out pages from the book, while lighting each one on fire, seconds later, my smoke alarm started going ballistic.  It was so loud and obnoxious that I worried it would wake my neighbors.  I had been so caught up in the moment that I had forgotten I even had a smoke alarm, and of course, with my luck, it was placed adjacent to the sink.  I quickly grabbed a towel and began waving it in front of the smoke alarm, attempting to direct the smoke, or fan the smoke away.  
"Fisher" Comfort yelled, entering my apartment.  Visualizing smoke towering from the sink, and myself, a raving lunatic at three in the morning, waiving a towel around, she quickly ran to the sink and turned on the faucet, running water over the flame-lit pages, attempting to extinguish the flames. 
"What are you doing?" she asked.  I realized that I hadn't thought it through as well as I should have, and how crazy I must've look to her.  I wanted to tell her the truth, but how crazy would I sound? 
"I have to get rid of the book.  It's the only way," I said in distress.  At the sink, she shot me a look that needed no accompaniment.  The look was crazy.  I saw it in her eyes.  Well, not the actual word 'crazy' in her eyes.  But a crazy look in her eyes.  About that time, her Brother emerged, 
"Is everything alright?" he asked, standing at the doorway, half asleep while unveiling a look of uncertainty.  Comfort had begun to dry her hands with a paper towel, 
"Yeah, Fisher just left a-uh, candle burning that caught a couple of magazines on fire, luckily nothing serious.  Everything's cool."  He looked at me wearing a faint smile, shook his head in disapproval, and closed the door returning to bed.  I then walked towards the bed and grabbed a seat.  
"Is everything okay?" Comfort asked.  'Now I am officially the biggest dork she has ever known,' I thought to myself.  'Not-to-mention, she probably regrets the day she came over to borrow sugar.'  Lying has never been my forte, so I proceeded to tell her about the dreams I had been having, and finished with, 
"I felt I needed to burn the book, it's the only way."  She smiled as she retrieved a hair tie from her wrist, and pulled her hair back into a ponytail.
"Okay, I believe you." she said.  Which much like an honest politician (glorified car sales man) came as a surprise.  I mean, I had a hard time believing it and it happened to me much less someone else.  As she stood, headed for the door, she stopped and turned to leave, narrowing her eyes. 
"Are you crazy?" she asked with a serious demeanor.  With a fading smile, I looked at her and felt troubled.  I was suddenly drowning in an ocean.  Wailing my arms about and kicking my legs, I was being tossed around like a rag doll.  Back to reality,
"I might be," I said as I looked down at the floor, more than embarrassed and feeling extremely ashamed. 
"I was just kidding, did you think that was a serious question?" she asked, as she smiled, cue music! 
"Goodnight," she said, and turned to leave, closing the door behind her.  Shortly after, I fell back to sleep.
Daybreak, with morning's breath fresh, I finished burning off the rest of the pages from the book.  Only this time, took precautionary measures.  I removed the battery from the smoke alarm and placed a towel underneath the door to keep the smoke from escaping and entering the rest of the building.  When finished, I put on some music (Local Natives) and picked up my place a bit and did some much-needed laundry.  When all was said and done, it was around three o'clock in the afternoon.  As I finished putting away my clean clothes, I heard a knock at the door.  I walked to the door, checked the peephole, and realized it was Comfort.  She, standing in the hallway, was all dolled up.  She looked amazing.  Wearing a flowery summer dress, with her hair down, dawning on me, ready for our date.  I had been so distracted with everything else that I had almost forgotten about our date.  As I opened the door to invite her in, she smiled upon entering. 
"How did you sleep?" she asked, with a mischievous grin, sensing a bit of sarcasm in her voice, 
"Just fine and you?" I grinned, embarrassed.
"What do you have planned today pyromaniac?" she asked with a flirtatious laugh,
"Your call," I suggested with a smile, seeing as I didn't really know the town as well as she did. 
"I figured you would say that," she said as she smiled.  I then continued putting away the rest of my clothes, and prepared for our date.  
On our date, we had a hog-killin time.  It was more fun than I ever would have imagined.  We went to the local county fair, which was a little dodgy, but fun at the same time.  We rode the tilt a twirl until I was ready to hurl and the bumper cars until I was seeing stars.  Comfort managed to convince these two tyrants to team up with her in an all out bumper smash down.  As you may have guessed, the victim of their devious bumper gang was I, but a blast all the same.  On a side note, I learned that Comfort is afraid of heights, thanks to the Farris Wheel.  As the night progressed, we played almost every game at the fair, and lost almost every game at the fair, that is, until I played the dart game.  Yes, I am the master of darts, thank-you very much; your welcome.  Not to brag, but I won a stuffed animal.  After the game we decided to fill our stomachs with none other than the best funnel cakes ever, and devoured another.  With all the festivities going on, as much as I wanted to watch the drag show, I figured that might not be the ideal first date, and decided to leave.
As we drove home from the fair, we were both content in the mellow atmosphere.  Compliments of music I had pre-selected, in hopes of setting a mood or vibe were provided.  With the elegance of the starlit night, the windows rolled down, the cool summer breeze whispered sweet words.  Fever of adolescence, I reached for Comforts hand.  Extremely nervous, I didn't want to come across as a sexaholic, looking to have a one-night romp session, a notch on the belt.  Not-to-mention, what if she didn't have feelings for me like I had for her?  Then, I would have crossed the invisible barrier, known as the friend line.  As I analyzed the situation, felt the action was appropriate, and placed my hand on top of hers.  Looking out the window, Comfort turned to look at me and retracted her hand, befallen with a confused expression.
"I'm sorry Fisher, I-uh . . . don't you think it's a little sudden?  I thought we were just friends?"  Okay, sucky, suck, suck.  I felt so small in that moment, like a smurf.  On top of my regular insecurities, awkward.  Looking for words, I had none, and felt embarrassed.  Basically, really-really-re-hilly embarrassed.  Talk about canary feathers hanging out of your mouth.  Let's not forget, I lived across the hall from her.  It wasn't like some random girl I could avoid or never see again.  Above all, I really liked her.  Neither of us spoke, we shared seconds, which at the time felt like minutes, of stony silence.  When Comfort, although illegal, unfastened her safety belt strapped over her chest and slowly leaned over the middle console of my car, getting uncomfortably close to me. 
"What are you doing?" I asked unknowing, as she raised her hand, index finger extended, placing it gently against my lips.  Trying to focus on the road to drive, confused, she leaned in closer and planted a kiss.  In that moment, I didn't know what to do?   Feeling a flood of emotions, unexpected, feeling my toes curl, butterflies fluttering as if they had perched on a coca bush prior.  I quickly checked my passenger side mirror, defiant, without using my turn signal, turned onto the first side street I came to.  I then pulled to the side of the street and parked under a street lamp and looked over at Comfort, who was sitting in her seat looking at me as if nothing had happened.
"You're mean," I said, with a consuming grin.
"How am I mean?" she asked, with a misleading smile.  Nervous, but excited, I leaned over to the passenger seat and placed my hand on the back of her head and slowly leaned towards her, my inner voice thinking, 'I hope my breath smells okay.'  I had such tremendous feelings for her.  I had never felt the emotions involved with caring for someone as much as I did for her.  Lost in the moment but enjoying every second, with megatons of butterflies fluttering in my stomach, looking into her eyes, I felt the reciprocation.  At this point, sitting on the middle console, I leaned in for round three, 
"Dagnamit.  Get-a-room-you-fruitful-teenage-passionate-lovers-makingout-in-a-car-underneath-a-streetlight."  Someone voiced, as I pulled back.  To be honest, I was impressed someone had said all of that in one breath.  Standing feet away was an old man who appeared to be walking his little dog, hunched over, finger waiving, sending us bursting into laughter.  I quickly jumped over to the driver's seat and started my car.  Placing my car in gear, I hooked a U-turn and booked it, looking at Comfort smiling ear to ear.  
"Hater," I said jokingly, bringing a laugh from Comfort.  Continuing to drive to our apartment, I glanced over at Comfort, who seemed to be at peace.  She seemed to love life.  She seemed content, which showed and actually glowed.  I can't truly explain how infectious she really is.  Perhaps quantum entanglement, but from the first time I laid eyes on her there was something about her I found nauseating.  I loved how spontaneous she was, and full of energy, and how she always made me laugh.  To this day, this night is one of my fondest, most cherished, if not, best days of my life.
Back to Contents



Chapter: Five.

The following weeks, Comfort and I spent inseparable.  I was as happy as I ever could have imagined.  My parents came up the weekend prior to last, and got to meet her.  She helped me entertain them, by accepting the role as tour guide: showing the campus, a few of the local restaurants, and historic places of Columbia.  I wasn't quite sure what my parents would think of Comfort.  Initially it was awkward, but towards the end of their stay I think they liked her more than me, which came as no great revelation.  At this point, Comfort and I were going out, and she was the first girl that I had ever had a serious relationship with.  To beat scrambled eggs, it didn't seem like a relationship as much as fun.  The dreams I had struggled with were in the past, which was great.  I was back to my somewhat normal life of work, home, and Comfort.  Soon I would be adding school to the list, however.  I had recently enrolled with a school guidance counselor, my first electives for the first semester.   I wasn't really worried about finishing school in record time, so, decided to only enroll in only nine hours, to make sure I wasn't overloaded of course.  (Wink.)
Before I knew it, the school year had arrived.  At first it was a tad overwhelming, but I eventually started to gain my bearings on campus, and began trying to figure out my place or role in life.  Of the electives, I had a computer class that was pretty cool.  It was basic computer skills with web developing, a pre-requisite for any degree.  I also enrolled in an English course, as well as a Psychology course.  In the computer class, I made a friend by the name of Rob.  He was a cool, hip, black dude.  He wore his hair in little knots that he constantly twisted and I thought looked really cool.  He was musically talented, but his parents wanted him to have a degree before pursuing his musical ambitions, something to fall back on, he explained.  Rob and I hit it off instantly.  We both where somewhere we really didn't care to be, and he was cool.  We started hanging out outside of class, and became pretty good friends.  One day, hanging out, I expressed to Rob how interested I was in dimensions, and explained how the lab was across town.  
"Dude, let's case the joint and wait for the Bill Nye dude to come out of the building and jump him." Rob said, excited with a smile.
"Jump him?  Come-on bro, I'm not trying to get in trouble." 
"Me neither man candy.  I'm talking wait game.  For info bro, you feel me?"  Entertaining the idea, I have to admit, the thought had never actually crossed my mind . . .   And it begins!  
The formulated plan was to skip the next class period, run home to retrieve the details, then engage the fifteen minute drive across town to the lab.  Facilitating our plan, we located the lab a few miles past the airport, and pulled into the parking lot.  Then decided to wait out in front of the building.  Moments later, we saw a security guard making his rounds, patrolling, hoping he wouldn't notice us, but did, and stopped.  As he started walking towards us, a feeling of nervousness set in.  I thought, 'we are going to jail for sure.'  As the security guard approached,
"You guys got visitor passes?" he asked.  Thinking 'we're screwed,' and realizing how much we must stick out like tourists I thought 'we are doomed.'
"Did you play ball in high school?" Rob asked out of the pink sky.  Looking at the security guard, presumably mid-twenty something, a black guy, slightly overweight.  Thinking, 'great make fun of the security guy that really helps Rob.'
"Yeah, I played a little pig skin back in the day."  The security guard suspiciously answered. 
"What's up?" As he grabbed his belt, leaned back, as if proud,
"You look familiar that's why, where you from?" Rob asked, with a warm grin. 
"Clayton High," 
"I thought I recognized you dirty.  We played in the regional finals back in 2000.  I was QB."  As the security guard furrowed his brow, gave a suspicious going-over with his eyes, with a puzzled expression etched on his face, 
"Metro?"  
"Guilty." As Rob grinned, extended his arm for a hand shake,  
"I didn't know it was you man, my bad.  You're good - don't sweat it.  Also, no hard feelings man, that game was filthy."  As the security guard scanned the immediate surroundings, Rob laughed.  
"So, what are you guys doing here?" he asked, with a new found friendlier tone,
"My brother-in-law works for the lab, we have to pick something up." Rob offered confidently, 
"You mean, drop something off?" the security guard mused, grinning suspiciously, then shook Rob's hand one final time and turned to walk away.  Feeling uncomfortable, thinking we were not there for that reason, or whatever reason he juxtaposed.  When he stopped and turned to face us,
"Peace," he said as he threw up a deuce, wearing a heart felt grin.  I turned to look at Rob as I sighed, expressing my gratitude.
"You played football?" I asked, confused.
"Nope," Rob said, bearing a smile full of teeth.
"Let's keep that between us," as he winked.  I laughed and grabbed a seat on the cement bench.
Twenty minutes later, the scientist I recognized from the CNN clip, Dr. Scott, emerged, exiting through the front doors and headed our direction.  I quickly stood, and ran towards him, as Rob hung back.  
"Excuse me sir," I yelled.
"Excuse me," as he turned to face me.
"What can I help you with son?  Rattle your dags," the Dr. said, hearing an Aussie accent. I smiled, excited to be meeting him face to face.  In fact, it took a minute to compose my thoughts, but I expressed how sincere I was about the dimension research and how much I loved his work, and how I had a couple questions.  Annoyed, he interrupted, 
"I'm sorry son, I'm running late for a tee-up," as he glanced down at his watch.  
"Just a second of your time, that's all," I pleaded.
"Son, you seem like a good kid, but trust me when I say leave it alone," as he turned to walk away.  Not the response I was expecting, I hustled to catch up.
"Sir, I want to know more about what's in the dimensions, how they work, how to access them?"  As the Dr. stopped, turned towards me, unveiling a look of disbelief, 
"Kid, you have no idea, just leave it alone," he said with a stern tone, shadowed with an apparent look of confusion, as he turned to walk away.  Embarrassed, borderline upset, Rob stood and ran to meet up. 
"How'd it go?" Rob asked, excited.
"Better than worst but less than good," I sadly replied.  
"He pretty much, in a round about way, basically, more-or-less, essentially, told me to not care, to leave him alone."  Seeing Rob appear to become aggravated,
"Man, forget that Bill Nye douche bag." As Rob reached into his pocket, grabbed his cell phone and gazed at the screen, then pressed a coordinating button, placing the phone up to his ear, extending his index finger, motioning me to wait.
"Hang on, Cuzo, Rob.  I need a favor man.  My homie from school needs some information about," as Rob turned towards me,
"What's this lab called?"  
"Dimensia Movement Lab," I replied, as Rob repeated.
"Alright, well hit me up and let me know what's good?  Stay up."  Then, shut his phone.
"What was all that?"  I asked, confused. 
"Were cool, don't trip family," he grinned as we turned to walk towards my car.  Feeling bummed about how things had materialized, Rob saw and felt this.
"Fisher, cheer up, its bagels and eggs, I've got edges, I'll get what you want, don't stress." Rob said, with a warming grin. 
"Cool." I said, forcing a smile.  I then drove back to my place and played some Xbox 360 until Comfort arrived from work.  When she arrived Rob and I explained to her how we had skipped school and went to the Dimensia lab, and of how we alluded getting arrested for trespassing.  
"You two are nuttier than squirrel poop." she said, in a wisp of laughter.  I then asked about her day and if work was busy.  I hadn't been working as much because of school, pretty much only weekend shifts.  Rob interrupted, while glancing at his watch.
"Could you take me back to the dorm?"  Sensing an urgent tone to the request,
"I have some hens coming to the coop.  That's the real-deal Holyfield."  I grinned, and asked Comfort if she wanted to ride.  A few minutes later, we piled into my car and headed for the dorm.  Halfway there, Rob received a call.  The phone call was his cousin and Rob placed the call on speakerphone.
"I hacked into the mainframe and downloaded the information, but it's pretty crazy swayze.  It doesn't make much sense to me."  His cousin voiced over the phone.  Smiling, happy to hear the news, I hooked a U-turn towards Rob's cousin's house. 
Moments later, we pulled up to the house and Comfort and I waited in the car.  Rob's cousins house was in the projects, a place where you don't have the luxury of opening your blinds.  The ghetto, the slums, with different rules, different lives.  A place foreign to most; the extent of another world. 
Rob was gone for approximately ten to fifteen minutes, when he emerged holding what looked like a large stack of white paper, at least two- hundred pages.  Initially skeptical, I couldn't submerse the rush of excitement.  I asked that Comfort drive, so I could begin to look over the information.  Hesitantly doing so, she feared that we could get in trouble for having the information on our person.  Not worried, seeking clarification I asked, 
"Is there was anyway we could get in trouble if they found out?" 
"Man, I said I would get it for you right?" as Rob laughed,
"Stop acting like a white-boy and use it.  You will be fine, trust."  Not the reassurance I was aiming for, but it would have to suffice for the time being.  
Then, I proceeded to drop Rob off at the dorm, and headed back to our place.  On the ride home, Comfort began to voice her concern.
"Do you think this is such a good idea?"  
"What?" I replied, aggravated.
"The dimensions and what-not?" Comfort clarified, with a serious demeanor.
"Everything's going to be cool." I laughed assuredly, while trying to convince myself. Shortly after we arrived at our place, I went to my apartment and she went to hers.  She was tired and wanted to rest, and I wanted to read the research.  
Inside my place, I looked over the material and I couldn't believe what I was looking at.  Basically, it was what the scientists looked at on a daily basis, with months, if not years of accumulated work.  Like cotton candy, it was kind of awesome.  Starting at the beginning, I read their hypothesis on what they wanted to prove.  It stated: 'The proof of dimensions is detrimental for science, and we will conclude with nothing less than to prove that parallel dimensions exist, furthermore, co-exist.'  As I dove further into the material, it showed tests that the lab had conducted, the test subject being a scientist on the team.  As I continued to read, I felt excited as it explained how he went through a series of rather intense phases.  
It explained how they had him shave his head and prepared for the treatments, as they called it.  Continuing to read, they introduced the deliverance chair.  The material showed diagrams of the deliverance chair that was truly magnificent.  To my assumption it was a machine that could read thoughts or somehow control, or capable of manipulating, or accessing certain parts of the brain, that had previously never before been explored.  I didn't make much sense of it, however, I found it intriguing nonetheless.  I continued to read it and was unable to put it down.  Strange, but for some reason they stopped talking about the young scientist and steered more towards their theories of the different dimensions.  
The question that first peculated in my mind: 'why had they stopped describing the scientist?'  Then, 'what happened to him?'  I tried to finish the rest of the material, but there was a lot of useless scientific terminology.  Stuff I thought they had written to make themselves feel smarter.  Although, it did mention something that caught my attention: quipping of Albert Einstein, 'That people typically only use ten percent or less of their brains.'  Which leads one to wonder, what would happen if we could unlock or access the rest of our brain? 
With this heavy on my mind, I came up with my own personal theory.  Do you ever have, or have you ever had moments of enlightenment?  If not that, than moments where you felt you were on the verge of something new or big?   Where out of nowhere you get this huge rush of energy?  I was feeling this, as if sent from the heavens above directly to my brain.  As I got out of bed, I walked towards my computer and searched, but couldn't find what I was looking for.  I thought to myself, 'maybe it's in a different dimension,' when I saw it.  As I walked towards the counter, I picked up the business card the snake lady had given me. 
On the front of the card I saw an address, hand written with no phone number, name, email, or website.  With the card in hand, I headed to my computer and map-quested the address, seeing as I wasn't too familiar with the town still.  After punching in the correct coordinates, I printed off the directions that estimated the address to be approximately twelve miles or fifteen minutes.  I then grabbed my jacket, wallet, and car keys, and headed downstairs to the parking area and hopped into my car. 
En route I speculated the different scenarios that could lie ahead.  To be truthfully honest, I didn't have a clue what would happen.  Knowing the snake lady and how weird she was, I was anticipating something equally as weird, if not weirder. 
After fifteen minutes of driving, I finally arrived at my destination and parked my car, headlights beaming on an old abandoned house.  The house before me was boarded up and covered in graffiti.  I killed my car, and cautiously stepped out, eyes drawn to a paraplegic lady in a wheel chair on the front porch, staring off in space.  I remember thinking, 'that's odd.  It's almost midnight, why is she still up?'  Making my approach, I felt uneasy about the situation, and felt troubled that I may never see the light of day. 
*
Voice:
"What is life without risk?  Surely not living?"
*
"What is this place?" I asked ignorantly.   
"We have been expecting you," she replied in a creepy, low, raspy, voice, wearing a grin. In clear perspective, not a single tooth in the lady's head.  She, wearing an old button down, long sleeve flannel, only a few of the buttons had not been properly fastened, revealing much more of the woman than I wanted to see.  She was after all, old as Velcro.  I couldn't be exact, but to guestimate, I would say she was pushing a googolplex.  Her hair was white, and thinning; her skin was sagging in the appropriate places, with wrinkles abundant, with an unmistakable scent of Vicks vapor rub, and teriyaki beef jerky.  Beginning to size her up, where her right foot should have been was nothing more than a nub, and her other foot was filthy, covered in dirt.  When a cockroach crawled from out of her pant leg and crept onto her foot.  Startled, moments passed as I waited for her to notice, or to shake the cockroach from her foot, but she acted as if nothing was the matter.  I did however notice something strange: a medallion.  Much like the one the snake lady from the bookstore, her medallion had a striking resemblance.  A little freaked out by such, I replied,
"Who's been expecting me?" I thought the obvious 'she must be senile' but when she looked up at me, she held a cold, icy stare.
"The Light Workers."  Realizing the awkwardness of the encounter, I felt uneasy.  She felt this and replied,
"Go inside and ask for Truth," as she started to laugh hysterically, with drool beginning to ooze from her mouth.  Nervous, I slowly edged past her as she stared owlishly.  Entering the front door, my eyes climbed toward the rafters, as an eighty-watt light bulb hanging from an extension cord at the end of the hall came into focus.  Hoping to help calm my nerves, I inhaled a deep breath, registering an odor that I can't quite describe.  'Since I have to,' I would say the smell was similar to the combination of vanilla, wet dog, cheetos, ramen noodles, sour cream, burnt corn dogs, and human feces.  Malodorous might be the word?  The hall was dark, and abnormally quiet.  Feeling along the walls, I blindly walked towards the light at the end of the hall but stumbled across something with my foot.  I stopped, hearing movement, then, muted silence.  I strained to listen, turning a deep ear, 
"Is someone there?" I yelled aloud, trying to focus in the dark.  Experiencing a shortness of breath, feeling as if I were in a haunted house, or at a department store; equally as scary.  With snap judgment, the thought in my mind was that someone had been lying on the ground below.  With my heart racing, the hairs on the back of my neck stood at end.  Standing frozen in place, I could see a silhouette, or I thought I did, but couldn't be certain.  As I strained to focus, whatever it was seemed to be coming from the end of the hall and heading toward me.  Like a shot of whisky, fear began to anchor its tentacles; I vaguely saw a person approaching.  The individual in question drawing near with every second; step, step, (I should go ahead and repeat) step, as the floor creaked and popped.  Then it dawned on me: I was a sitting duck.  Not knowing what to do, or what to expect, my chaotic imagination took hold.  The walls began to shake, the ground rumbled, spiders emerged out of every nook, cranny, and crevice.  Seconds passed, as the walls began to collapse.  With little thought, I thought to run, all the while periodically looking over my shoulder.  Once outside, I looked back at the abandoned house as a giant Cyclops emerged from the rubble.  Glowing green, the Cyclops roared and lifted his hands into the air, which was bound by chains.   Frozen with disbelief, in a sudden motion it broke free of the chains restraining his arms and stood to its feet.  With a sudden roar, blasting a laser beam from his eye, disintegrating everything in contact.  Witnessing transformers explode, trees became engulfed into flames, as abandoned vehicles were turned to nothing but piles of ash.  
Back to reality, as the figure approached, I could hear its breath getting more and more frequent, as if excited.  I thought to myself, 'I'm about to get captured and made sacrifice for some satanic ritual, stabbed, killed, eaten, or skinned alive for the purpose of hand bags or designer shoes.'  Experiencing a fight or flight fear, I felt someone or something, wet and cold against my neck, with someone's breath against my skin.  In shock, I screamed at the top of my lungs, and bolted for the entrance.  Not looking back, not slowing down.  As I approached the front door someone grabbed my forearm.  Stopping mid-stride, at the time, a sudden comfort rained over me.  I should have been scared, but wasn't.  I slowly turned towards the unknown person, and saw a figure of a woman.  From what I could tell, she was fairly maintained and somewhat groomed.  No beast or crazed lunatic from what I could tell.  
"What is this place?" I yelled adamantly.
"I apologize for frightening you," she said in a calm, reassuring manner, hearing a relaxing tone to her voice.  She then stepped past me, into the hall and began speaking in a foreign language down the hall, hearing a pure tone to her voice, much like the patter of raindrops. 
"You will have to excuse our friends," she said, as she turned towards me.   
"You see, they act out at times, I honestly don't think they know different."  Finding her voice calm and soothing, accompanied with a jarring essence I would compare to a clean load of warm laundry or freshly backed chocolate chip cookies, I instantly felt relaxed.
As my mind raced with infinite possibilities, she grabbed my hand, and together we walked towards the end of the hall.  On wobbly legs, my heart pounded furiously.  As we approached the end of the hall, I could start to see her more clearly in the light, and surprisingly, she was beautiful.  She had sparkling forest green eyes, with long sandy-blonde, curly hair.  She appeared to be in her mid-thirties and smelled amazing.  Arriving at the end of the hall, we veered right and entered an empty room.  As we did, I felt a cool breeze stir, as candles scattered amongst the room became lit in a domino effect, as cockroaches scattered.  Strange, no one had lit them?  My mind flashed; 'there must be a gas leak.'  In the candlelight, I could see the woman more clearly.  She was naturally beautiful, flawless, ravishing, and majestic.  Wearing an angelic dress that draped seamlessly over her body, revealing her fit, and very nicely proportioned figure.  The dress, white in color, made of silk or a material foreign to me.  Draped from her neck, my eyes were drawn to the medallion, containing a solid ball, fastened to a gold chain.  The ball resembled a marble, crystal, or gemstone of some kind.  Looking to the center of the room, a sudden calming came over me when I observed the tree.  Oddly, it seemed to be glowing, sprawling with life, with its leaves maintaining a brilliant florescent purple hue.  It was truly magnificent.  I know it sounds crazy, it was.  I had never in my life seen such a spectacular visual.   Mesmerized by the tree, the lady that had helped me asked,
"Would you have a seat?  My name is Order." As I introduced myself,
"Would you like something to drink?" she asked,
"That would be great," I replied, with a warm grin.  As she walked towards the tree in the center of the room, she plucked a leaf.  Baffled, I watched as she proceeded towards a sink, located across the room.  Grabbing a mug from a shelf above, she placed the leaf into the mug and ran water, filling the mug to the rim.  The entire time she hummed the melody to a song.  A song I had never heard, but was very melodic, pretty, and calming.  Shortly after she returned, absorbing the seat next to mine and extended the mug towards me.  I thankfully accepted the mug, skeptical however to what I was about to drink.  
As I held it up to my nose registering its smell, I threw caution to the wind, taking a sip, swishing the drink around in my mouth, which tasted exotic.  It was like nothing I had ever had.  Vaguely able to describe, for lack of a comparison, I would relate to the feeling of being happy, in a drink.  It tasted sweet, with strong flavor, finding such peculiar, with only a single leaf?  I smiled in appreciation. 
"Does it agree with you?" she asked, as I nodded, pleasantly,
"What is that tree?"  After taking a sip of the tea, I asked.
"It is the past, present, and future.  It is the answer to every question.  It is the tree of life," she said, with an endearing, engaging smile.
'Cra-hay-zeee.'  I thought, just like it's spelled, except in florescent orange paint, graffiti hollow, as I smiled to myself.  Okay, I was trying to be open-minded, but come on.  That's a long country mile, knowing that she was in this secret society, and how they think is rather different than how I think.
"What are you here for Fisher?" she asked, staring into my eyes, seemingly convincingly concerned.  When I explained that I was looking for Truth, doing this, interested in dimensions.  I then explained to her how I had gotten to this point, and the questions that I wanted answered.
"Fisher, Truth will be here soon.  Just know that what you're looking for isn't going to be as glamorous as what you may think.  However, you are chosen, which is why you are here and you will find that which you seek."  At about that time I heard a movement, as if someone had entered the room.  Turning to look I saw another woman, much different than Order.  As she approached she introduced herself as Truth.  She, somewhat older than Order, seemed to carry more of a serious demeanor.  Of Middle-Eastern descent: caramel complexion, long hair in dreads and wearing a similar medallion to Orders, draped from her neck.  Her clothing was also pretty crazy.  She wore lots of layers.  In each layer were many different floral designs and vibrant colors.  She had long wavy fingernails that curled, with each nail painted a different color.  I introduced myself as she pulled up a chair.  She then began to enlighten me on their purpose in this world.  She spoke of stories of how they had survived all these years despite ridicule, despite persecution, despite beliefs or disbeliefs.  She informed me of what I was about to learn and experience.  I was told, 'having nothing but pure intentions was the reason they had chosen me.'  Apparently, Order was in fact that, order.  Her duty was to harness the evil spirits, and prevent them from getting too powerful.  And Truth was in-fact truth.  The only way to Truth was through Order.
Naturally, much like the state of our country, I found all of this a little hard to believe.  They had a great story, but seriously, what's next, the purple Kool-Aid, a bag full of neck bones, the twelfth century mummy dust believed to hold healing power; the man on the black horse with a bargain for the soul, snake oil?  What are they talking about, Truth and Order?  They had chosen me and what not . . . right.  I was skeptical for sure, but intrigued nonetheless.  Curiously scanning the room, Truth retrieved a gold chain from her outer layer of clothing.  After closely examining it, I realized that it was a normal gold chain fastened with a gold cross.
"Are you ready to begin?" Truth asked.  My first impulse was to run.  I thought to myself, 'they are crazy and I am not, I should run.'  However, the optimistic side of me had taken control.  In fact, I was interested in what they believed to be true.  Not only what they believed to be true, but also their eagerness and willingness, subsided my doubts.
"Yes," I smiled in response.  When Order stood out of her chair and kneeled down on both knees in front of me, she placed her hands on top of mine.  I should have been frightened but wasn't.  As Truth stood up, slowly approached and placed her left hand on my head, beginning to swing the necklace with the golden cross in front of my face with her right hand, speaking aloud in the unknown language.  I tried to keep my eyes focused on the cross, swinging inches from my face.  Oddly enough the speed seemed to increase as a white trail of light appeared, as if glowing from the cross.   Seconds later, I became lightheaded and felt my eyes begin to weigh, then nothing . . . 
I must have blacked out, because the next thing I recall was waking up in my bed, the next day.  I woke up like any other day, thinking, 'what a weird dream, but it felt so real.'  Half asleep, I rolled out of bed trying to shake the feeling, and headed to the fridge to grab some orange juice, but realized something different.  It wasn't anything at first, but as I focused, it was very different indeed.  My perception, how I saw things, my eyes, everything had changed.  Looking at the refrigerator, I hadn't opened the door, but could see the contents of it.  Staggering back, stone sober, I quickly scanned my apartment.  It hadn't changed, but it was different.  It was like I could see everything at once, or at the same time.  Much like you would imagine x-ray vision to be.  Despite feeling suspended with disbelief, I could see through cabinet doors and the contents of them.  Trying to snap out of my delusion, I ran to the bathroom sink and ran some cold water, dousing my face, in hopes of waking from the dream, or to realize that I wasn't going crazy.  Shortly after I grabbed a towel hanging from a shower rod and started to dry my skin.  As I looked into the mirror, what I saw was a normal reflection of myself, with a glow of sort around me.  The glow was similar to steam coming off ones body after a hot shower, on a cold winter's day.  In disbelief, I thought to myself, 'what happened last night was real.'  As I dashed toward my bathroom window, I looked out and what I saw was crazy!  I saw the normal view of the apartments across the way, but saw through the walls and people in their rooms.  Of the people, each had different glows.  Too intense, I stepped away from the window and exited the bathroom.  As I did I heard a knock at the door, except, I didn't have to run to the door to check the peephole.  I saw through the door, it was Comfort.  Thinking of what to do, the best idea was to act cool, like nothing was the matter.  Opening the door to greet her, I pretended that I had just woken up.  She, out of no where, jumped, wrapping her arms around my neck, with her legs in the same fashion around my waist, resting her head against my shoulder.  Not a little I missed you hug, it was a hug like I was back from the dead. 
"What's wrong," I asked as she retracted her arms and legs, dropping them toward the floor.  Standing in front of me, her eyes began to swell with tears brewing.
"You scared me half to death." I grinned as I stared into her crystal blue eyes, trying to act normal.
*
Voice:
"What is normal?"
*
"What?  Why," I interjected concerned.  Storming past me, entering my apartment.
"Well, first off, you disappeared last night and that's not like you.  Then, well, pretty much that's it.  I was scared something had happened to you, I had a weird feeling.  Is that so wrong Fisher?" 
"Babe, everything's cool, I just ran some errands last night, that's all.  I'm sorry I scared you," I said calmly, as I reached for her hand hoping to comfort her.  Interlacing our fingers, an immediate change of mood developed, with her realizing the drama was not worth it.  A moment with nothing said, but said everything; she leaned towards me and landed a big kiss.  Doing so, whispered in my ear, 
"I love you."  Speechless, I stood in shock, mainly because I wasn't expecting to hear such bold-brazen words.  Actually, I had never said or heard those words from anyone other than family.  Grabbing a seat next to one another on the bed, with my hands on her face, I peered into her eyes,
"I love you too," I said, feeling good and happily surprised.  For the first time, I saw her glow, which was white.  I recalled my glow being yellow.  I thought to myself, 'what do these glows mean?'  Meanwhile, she had started to cry,
"I never want to lose you again.  I was worried that I had." she said, wiping her falling tears, causing my eyes to swell as well.  By holding the back of her head, I moved my hand across the small of her back, and whispered into her ear,
"Never again, I will never leave you again, I promise."
Back to Contents



Chapter: Six.

The rest of the day, Comfort never left my side.  It was like she didn't want me to go anywhere or do anything without her.  Which on any other day I would have loved her company, but I wanted to figure out what kind of powers I was given and practice, or to begin utilizing them.  I wanted to tell her so badly about the two women I had met the night prior.  Not-to-mention, the gift they had given me, or the ability to use, but couldn't for the simple reason that I thought I might look crazy.  Although, I felt special.  I still felt crazy.  Imagine, being able to look at people and see their glow or aura, before speaking a word.  Also, being able to see through things or behind walls was pretty insane.  I wasn't sure of what or why, but was ready to do some experimenting.  
This night, when Comfort left for work, I finally got to venture out and try to piece together what exactly I had been given.  It's difficult for me to explain, because I could look at something and see past it, through it, the mechanics of it.  Walls became glass; I could see the framing of the walls, but past them as well, and objects or people in any particular room.  I could then focus on the objects or people, and jump from that location and see further.  It was as if I was in the room or at the location.  It was extra-super-cool.  I loved being able to hop from room to room without moving a step, without exhausting any effort whatsoever, from a stand still vantage point.  I did this by basically focusing on what I was looking at.  I guess it was similar to astral traveling, or an optical zoom lens, but different . . . 
Stepping out of my apartment, walking, I hoped to try and begin to understand the meaning of the different colors people gave off or emitted.  I observed the streets and everyone in them, looking to make some sense of the colors.  It was the dark of night and the streets were busy, filled with pedestrians.  Some looked very content, whether they were on a date, running errands, having a night on the town, or perhaps en route home.  Each individual: with a heart, feelings, eyes, a mouth, skin, a brother, a sister, a Mom, a Dad; had a unique glow about them.  The colors of the glows were radiant.  Almost any and every color I had ever seen in my life, but I still had no clue what they meant?  Aimlessly meandering the streets, a couple of kids skateboarding at a nearby park caught my eye.  Intrigued, I walked closer and grabbed a seat on an empty bench that was spitting distance from them.  I watched, as the kids seemed to be contently and authentically enjoying every second of every moment as if they had nothing else on their minds.  A beautiful snapshot of living and loving life, a truly moving moment.   Each kid possessed a white glow.  What was strange was that the older the kid, the stronger the glow, but the younger the kid, the smaller the glow.  It was fascinating, particularly the energy these kids possessed, and I questioned why their auras were white like Comforts?  Content, I continued to observe until deciding to head home.
As I abandoned the now empty park bench, I purposefully walked in the direction of the park, which was poorly lit, wanting to test how my new ability would work in the dark of night.  As I arrived at the darkest spot in the park, only a few seconds had passed when a moving car entered my line of vision.  I then tried to focus on the cars headlights.  Looking inside the car, I saw a child in the backseat, sitting in a car seat, with two adults sitting in front.  Assuming the adults were the toddler's parents.  I tried to keep my focus on the toddler to see the glow the child emitted, but saw nothing as they distanced themselves, half-a-mile off, driving the opposite direction.  I then, actually felt, the toddler looking at me, as if I were present physically, as opposed to projectually.  The child, a baby-girl, under the age of two, stared in bewilderment.  Cool, but at the time a weird feeling of being intrusive swept over me.  About to drop focus, the toddler smiled and started to giggle, then lifted her little arm and waived at me.  If I were in the car, at the exact location I was looking.  Amazed, I watched as the Mother, sitting in the passenger seat, turned curiously while smiling.  
"What are you waving at silly girl?" the Mother asked.  The toddler pointed in my direction and smiled, clapping her hands together.  Dropping focus on the car, I retraced my line of thought to my current position in the dark, at the park.  I immediately started to wonder, 'was it coincidence or did the toddler see me?  Perhaps I was over analyzing the whole situation,' and decided to head home.  
*
Voice:
"Nine out of ten children say they hear voices."
*
With questions heavy on my mind and after walking through the park for a while, I eventually decided to call it a night, but something peculiar presented itself.  At first, I thought my mind had swindled me.  I saw a figure of someone, but couldn't make out any specific details, someone bearing a very intense glow.  As I tried to focus on the person, I couldn't.  It seemed that if I tried to focus, the glow intensified as bright as the gates of heaven, temporarily blinding me.  Unable to look away, I stared mesmerized as the figure approached, however, the glow intensified, revealing an array of different colors.  Raising my arm to shield my eyes, unable to remotely look in the vicinity of the individual, the light became so effulgent.  Unable to withstand the luminescence of the object or individual, I turned completely away, and realized the glow was lighting up the park as if it were day.  Seconds later, with my back turned, I heard a woman's voice calling out my name.  Turning to look toward the individual, all I could see were traces of white, as my eyes strained to adjust.  Shortly after, the glow slowly began to fade, realizing, it was Order.  She, wearing a similar dress, but red, smiled friendly.  Looking into her forest green eyes, I felt a feeling of compassion.  She struck me as a beautiful woman, with a heart of gold.  She had a persona about her that one could not place.  Instantly feeling safe, the egg of intrigue had hatched.
With a distance of five or so feet, she gracefully reached out with one arm extended.  With the wind beginning to stir, I took a few steps forward, then, reached up to grab her hand.  In doing this, I felt my body become weightless.  Feeling no stabilization beneath me, however, standing upright quite the same.  I leaned forward to look down, to look beneath me, and realized I was ten feet above ground, in only a matter of seconds.  I was not bound by gravity, but somehow suspended midair, which felt exhilarating.  Eye level to Order, I could not overlook the spherical object behind her, which resembled a ball of light.  It was bluish-white in color, large and perhaps thirty-forty feet in radius.  Order, smiling at my reactions,
"Don't be frightened, this is the way," she turned and began walking towards the ball of light.  Seconds passed when she looked back at me, and grinned.  Bug-eyed and in disbelief, I followed.  As strange as it may sound, I didn't have to move my legs.  Crazy and far-fetched I know, but it felt like I was floating, somehow gliding towards the spherical object.  As I approached, I could see more clearly into the sphere.  Coming to the conclusion that it was much larger than I initially had thought.  Looking into the sphere, I tried to look towards the end, but there was nothing of the sort.  It seemed to be more like a tunnel, with no end in sight.  Harboring what looked like lightening, moving in a circular motion inside the tunnel.  As Order entered she looked back at me from inside.  Uneasy, I took a deep breath and followed.  Head first, I edged myself in and looked back towards my body, but saw nothing more than scenery I once knew as the park.  Fully inside the sphere, I realized I was not breathing.  I tried to forcefully take a couple big gulps of air as Order laughed,
"Fisher, its okay, no harm will come of you.  I was sent to inform you of what you have been given."  Thinking, 'I must be in a dream,' I laughed, trying to be charming and somewhat witty.
"Oh, I was just making sure it was safe for you."  Then realized how corny I must look, and the minor detail that I was still awake.
"What is this place?" I asked ignorantly.
"It's how we at times are allowed to travel," she answered, with a smile.
"Where does it go?" I asked.  Attempting to look toward where one would assume the end would be. 
"Not to worry, in time you will know.  The gift you have been given isn't meant for your pleasure, and should be used for good."
"What is it I have been given?" 
"You wanted to be able to understand dimensions correct?"  Nodding my head in agreement,
"Consider this the fourth dimension.  Someday, you will be ready to understand more."  As a sudden bright surge of collapsing light, compiled of every color one has seen, emerged.  In the blink on an eye, the explosion of light returned to nothing from which it came.  And she was gone.
Positioned on my back, in the park, absent-minded, I sat up and decided to head home.  But noticed a man sitting on a bench, who had been facing my direction, as I engaged my approach.  
"Excuse me," I offered to get his attention as he slowly turned. 
"Did you happen to see any lights or movement?  Or anything you thought was, I don't know, maybe a little weird, bizarre, strange, wild, or kooky, around the center of the park then disappear a couple minutes ago?" as I cringed.  The individual, a guy with a green aura slowly turned in my direction, who was apparently annoyed.
"You mean like a UFO?"  With his eyes bulging out of his cranium, 'is this guy making fun of me?'  Feeling that his question was sincere, I sensed a bit of sarcasm as his facial expressions followed his train of thought.
"No, but I want what your on," as he rolled his eyes, dismissing me, turning his back.  Observing a brown paper bag, with a tall boy clutched tightly in his grasp.  Having also been downwind, I couldn't help but smell the rank, feet stanky, camel balls, bad breath as he smiled half-crazy, kind of giving me the creeps.  I then, realized, he was crazy.  Although I looked just as crazy, if not crazier, and decided to leave, after thanking him for his time.  
Walking home, as one might suspect, I had more things than usual on my mind.  I kept running the play-by-play encounter, thinking, 'I should have said this, or I should have said that,' as I always do.  Minutes later, I passed an alley.  At first glance, it appeared to be a normal alley, nothing you would think out of the norm.  In passing, casually looking, I saw something that startled me.  The alley, positioned between two five story buildings, had fire escapes entering from both sides of the buildings.  The alley contained trashcans that ran along the base of both sides of the buildings exterior walls with rats scurrying about in their usual manner.  Not worried, because I could see people's auras, allowing me to keep from getting jumped, or fear getting hurt in the dark.  Facilitating such, I approached a steel trashcan, blue in color, and opened the plastic lid harboring the trash, and could not believe what I witnessed.  I hoped my eyes had been hornswoggling me.  I closed my eyes and counted to ten, inhaling a couple short deep breaths, only to open them to realize, it was happening.  Confirming, what I thought I had seen.  What I discovered still makes me sick to my stomach.  It was a baby, a tiny, fragile, covered in dirt, new born.  In recognition of me, it began to squirm, with drool running from its mouth and beginning to smell its excretion.  When the baby sounded a cry for help, which reminded me of a pterodactyl, even though I have never heard a pterodactyl.  It squirmed, closing its eyes, clinching its tiny hands, pumping its little legs.  Not knowing how long the baby had been left abandoned; I reacted by grabbing an old shirt I had seen in another trashcan to wrap the infant with.  Scared for the infant's life, I decided the best thing to do was to go to the police station and turn the baby over.  As I reached into the trash can, the baby stopped crying and looked up at me.  Visualizing dried crust caked on its eyelashes and in the corner of its eyes, presumably formed from crying.  His eyes, a baby boy, told me all I needed to know.  I saw on his face how happy he was to see me, anyone for that matter.
The baby was shaking due to the cold weather we had been experiencing, on top of being scared.  Noticing its umbilical cord still attached to his little belly, I felt sad for the helpless infant.   I then wrapped the infant in the old tee shirt I found, and hurriedly walked toward the street, looking down at the infant nestled in my arms.  Having stopped crying, he looked up at me with his beautiful brown eyes and with curiosity on his face.  I felt blessed.  I started to tear up and realized the gift I had been given, which allowed me to hopefully save the infant's life.  
I knew the baby had to have been starving.  Also, knowing you cannot feed a new born just any kind of food, I decided to proceed to the police station and leave that for them to worry about.   En route, I received strange looks from people in passing.  Most eyes were drawn to the baby in my arms, improperly clothed, wrapped in what would appear as dirty rags, but I didn't care.  I questioned who could have done such a selfish act as to decide what would be best for him, coincidently, being abandoned and left for dead.
*
Voice:
"Save the baby.  Linda Latch, the adoption team in Hawaii.  I am told, they will put you up in Hawaii, and after you have the baby you will receive a gift of love in the amount of 4,000 dollars."
*
Thinking, 'what if that had been me?  You?'  Trying to rationalize, there is none.  Who has the right?  There are so many alternatives.
Moments later, I arrived at the Police Station and looked in with my newly given talent.  From the sidewalk out front I counted how many officers were there.  Contemplating my story, I obviously couldn't say I saw the baby in the trash can because I can see through things.  I would have to say I heard the baby crying.  Deciding to head inside, I counted six different officers.  The glow each emitted was yellow, the same as mine.  At the counter, I nervously began my vague description of the story to the officer with the badge name of Baker.   As Officer Baker grabbed the infant from my arms, he turned and headed toward the back of the police station.  I know this because I followed him with my talent and saw him speaking to another officer at a desk with the badge name of Hurney.  After a brief conversation with his commanding officer, Officer Baker proceeded further back to an empty room, where he placed a blanket flat on the floor and caringly sat the baby on top, then turned to exit.  As Officer Baker made his way back towards the front, moments passed until he arrived at the counter.  As he did, he extended a clipboard with a pen attached to a chain, and asked that I describe the event and circumstances.  I smiled and accepted the clipboard and began to write my explanation of the incident.  
When finished, five or so minutes later, I returned the clipboard and decided to take one final glance at the room the baby was being held.  Jumping with my talent, I located the room, and saw a female officer sitting in a fold up chair, holding the infant snuggly in her arms.  Staring at the baby, he started to kick his legs and smiled, as if excited.  Feeling as if it had seen me?  Realizing the baby was in good hands, I redirected my attention to Officer Baker at the desk who had been standing, looking right at me, waiving his hand in a horizontal motion in front of my face.
"Sir, is there anything else?" Officer Baker asked, knowing I must have been standing there a good twenty, thirty seconds.
"No, sorry, I'm just a little shaken up that's all," I said as I turned to leave.
Outside I glanced down at my watch and realized it was midnight.  Understanding Comfort had been off for about two hours, I was confident she would be worried sick.  I rocketed home, not really paying attention to much of anything, and wasn't long until I arrived at my apartment.  Looking up from the street into Comfort's place, her apartment door had been open.  I assumed that she was waiting for me to return as I entered the apartment building's front doors, thinking, 'some things just may hit the blender.'  Creeping ever-so-slowly up the stairs toward my apartment I made it to the second floor, and continued to walk down the hall toward my place.  Arriving at the doorway, looking into her place, I saw her sitting on the sofa, listening to music through ear buds.  Seconds later, Comfort jumped, in recognition of me, visualizing I had startled her.  She then sat down her IPod and stormed towards me, expressing a look of frustration.  I'm no weatherman, but I can predict a storm.  Let the questions begin.  
"I went to the park and on the way home heard a baby crying from a trash can, so I had to take care of that."  I responded,
"Are you serious, why didn't you call?" Comfort asked, expressing a look of concern.  Also, realizing I should have, beginning to feel along the outside of my jeans pocket.
"I left my cell phone at home," I said in a convenient truth, as I smiled and reached out to give her a hug.
"Everything's fine," I assured her, whispering into her ear as I held her snug in my arms.  Shortly after, the two of us proceeded to my place.  Once inside, we fell fast asleep, content in each other's arms.
The next morning, when I woke, I realized I hadn't been to school in days.  I had been so preoccupied with everything else that school hadn't been on my priority list.  Jumping out of bed, I rushed around, hoping I could make it to class on time.  In the process, I woke up Comfort.  I quickly explained that I was headed to school and would see her later, as she mumbled something under her breath in some strange sleep language, I could not translate, and rolled over onto her side, propping her hands beneath her face.  Stepping out, I rushed downstairs to my car and began the drive to school.  It was pretty cool actually; I managed to make it on time, with the help of my natural GPS.  I avoided the street I normally took to school, because I saw a wreck a mile or so ahead.  As I pulled into the student parking lot, I found parking and rushed towards my class.
In Psychology I found myself distracted and not paying much attention.  I kept skipping from room to room, watching, and observing everyone, noting the different colors of auras each person possessed.  I started to make a list, hoping I could somehow start to try to understand the meaning of the different colors.  I also found that my gift, talent, or ability, could come in pretty handy at times.  I mean, I could be in two or three places at once, kind-of.  I could see more than the average person, which I found to be very resourceful.  In class, I decided to test how far I could go, while in that position.  Starting with the neighboring classes, I found easy.  Then, to the other buildings on campus, scanning the various classrooms.  Until deciding to proceed to the parking lot and locating my car.  Accomplishing such in relatively no time, I then marched to the restaurant I worked at to check my schedule, located in the back of the ally, near the manager's office.  I then decided to check out my apartment to see what Comfort was up to.  It was crazy because it was crazy.  But it was crazy because it was like I was walking down the sidewalk, but not.  Different in that I passed right through people that were in direct line of my vision, and moving at a speed much faster than a normal stride; I would compare to the speed of an Olympic runner, or a slow, but not too slow, moving car, or a chipmunk on a magic carpet.
Moments later I arrived at my apartment and saw Comfort, now awake, having a breakfast of toast and oatmeal.  With undivided attention I watched with admiration for what must have been minutes. 
"Fisher.  Mr. Fisher."  I heard someone calling, then, retraced my line of thought to my current position: in class.  Blinking, I reassimilated and looked around the now empty room. The professor and I shared a moment of awkward silence before he absorbed a seat in the desk in front of mine.  
"Son, is everything alright?" accompanied with subtitles, the professor asked concerned, discerned in his tone of voice.
"Yes sir, I'm sorry.  I just blanked out that's all, haven't had much sleep," I replied with a nervous smile.
"Well, I have missed you in attendance the last couple of class periods, and today you were here, but one could only categorize your presence as bodily whilst mind preoccupied.  Are you sure everything is all right?" the professor asked, yielding a look of concern as he stared into my eyes.   Beginning to gather my belongings, I nervously stood and answered,
"Yes sir, everything's fine, just working a lot lately." 
"Well, get some rest.  I want your undivided attention next class," he said as he shook his hand with his index finger extended. 
"You got it, you have my word," I said, forcing a smile, and turned to exit the room.  
Walking towards my car, I couldn't help but wonder how far my place was from school, and thought how cool it was that I was able to travel that distance in little to no time at all.  Upon arrival, I hopped into my car and exited the student parking lot.  I looked down and read the mileage and engaged the drive home.  Five or so minutes later, I arrived home and checked the mileage that calculated I had traveled a distance of two and a quarter miles.  Realizing I traveled without leaving my seat, without moving a muscle, two and a quarter miles, I smiled contentedly.  After collecting my things, I looked to my place from my car and saw Comfort inside cleaning.  A smile came over me, cognizant that I had neglected her and should treat her to a nice afternoon out.  
Rushing up the stairs, Comfort was vacuuming my place while listening to music.  As I opened the door, I was greeted by an overwhelming scent of Pine-Sol, with my place much cleaner than I had left it.  Comfort smiled and her eyes sparkled much like a cresting wave reflecting the sunlight, accompanied with her white glow.  I knew what the white glow was for sure.  The other glows, well, I was still trying to figure those out.  Entering my now clean apartment, I dropped my book bag on the bed and walked over to Comfort.  I planted a big kiss, and apologized for how I had been acting lately, wrapping my arms around her upper torso.
"Would you accompany me for lunch?" I posed.  With her smile that could light up a room, she jumped free of my hold and stared into my eyes, 
"Yes," she answered enthusiastically, releasing a burst of energy, running, but more skipping to the center of the room.  Somehow the music (shaky snakes - hold on to yr rock and roll) became louder, and the room had transformed into a dance floor.  Jumping up and down, swinging her arms around ecstatically, spinning in circles.  Her hair glided through the air.  I found myself dancing, lost in what she was seeing.  Also, seeing what she was seeing, and feeling what she was feeling.  The beat surged, we laughed, and continued to dance, as the world around us ceased to exist. 
"Wait, I'm a mess, let me shower real quick.  It'll just take a minute," she said, as the song faded.  
"It's cool, take your time," I said, as I grabbed a seat on the edge of my bed and reached for my book bag.  Comfort jetted out the door and moments later, I decided to make good use of the time.  I located the seventy sheet, wide rule, spiral bound notebook I had written about the different colors while in class, and turned to the page with the specifics, eager to grasp some form of reasoning, pattern, or significance.  My eyes scanned the page and I had written at least fifteen different colors that I had seen.  The same question that had been running through my mind presented itself: 'what do all the different colors represent?'  I had concluded white was purity or innocence, something angelic.  I had begun to think that yellow, which was mine, was protectors or guardians of some kind, as evidenced from the Police officers auras the previous night.  Having two down with many more to figure out, I had ideas of what I believed the colors represented but no real evidence to support my instinctual theories.  When I heard a door open and close.  I looked to see Comfort heading for my room, and jumped out of bed and dashed for the door.  I waited until she lifted her hand to knock, then swiftly opened the door.  Startling her, she jumped and her expression had me hunched over laughing.  
"How did you know I was going to be here?" she asked. 
"Jerk."  She muttered under her breath, rolling her eyes. I was unable to contain my laughter.
"Oh, I uh, heard you close the door to your apartment and looked out the peephole and saw you," I replied after regaining my composure.  Satisfied, she smiled.
"Freak.  So, you ready to go?"
"Sure, where's it going to be?" I asked, as she grinned.
"I figured you would say that."  Retrieving my car keys from the kitchen counter, I locked up my place and walked with Comfort downstairs to our awaiting chariot.  
As the day turned to night, I lost track of time.  This night was truly amazing.  We had dinner at a local seafood restaurant.  The restaurant had exceptional seafood and an exquisite wine selection.  We enjoyed a couple of glasses, which helped me keep focus on her and off the storm brewing in my mind.  Thank Jesus' half-brother James they didn't ask for ID.  
Given that the food and wine were exceptional, the real highlight of the evening was my company.  At moments I drifted in and out of the conversation, wondering why I had been so lucky to be blessed with such a bright and unusual girl.  Every second, every breath, every smile; every moment of this night I will cherish forever.  Even though we were just a single couple amidst a full house, it felt as if we were the only table.  If I were to have died at this very moment, it would have been with a smile on my face.  My heart in harmony with my thoughts; in a whirlwind of emotions, regarding how much I cared, loved, and adored this breathtaking, ravishing woman.  I considered myself lucky to have met her, and a little unworthy.  As we dined in complete content, time just wasn't cooperating.  I wanted to be in this moment forever.  I wanted nothing more than to be happy and in love.  But as you know, time doesn't show favoritism or partiality.  Unable to bend time, the night came to a close.  Despite my best efforts to stall by ordering and devouring a delicious cheesecake truffle, the waiter dropped the bill and soon after we were en route to our place.  I didn't speak, but listened as Comfort spoke of nothing but positive and uplifting things.   How to change the world.  How she wanted to leave her mark on the world.  She had such a great outlook on life and I wore a smile on my face now as I did whenever in her presence.  
Down the road, a few blocks from our place, waiting at a stoplight I saw something that demanded my attention.  Casually looking at one of the buildings to my left, I caught a glimpse of a lady who seemed to be in some kind of distress.  Unable to look away, a man entered the room of the unknown lady.  The man, dressed in black, shielded his face with a black stocking mask.  Instinctively, I pulled the car over to the right and parked on the shoulder of the road across from the building.  Comfort with me, time was of the essence.
"Sit tight; I'll only be a minute.  Lock the doors, if you see anyone come out whatever you do, don't let them in," I stressed in opening the car door.  She looked at me, her demeanor changing from happy to baffled, 
"Okay, what . . . what's going on?" Comfort asked worriedly.
"Not sure, I have to go," trying to disguise my emotions and appear calm.
"Call the cops now." I said, prior to exiting the car.  Leaning against my car, my eyes slowly retraced the original pattern.  I can't say what, when, or why, but something about this moment felt bigger than life.  It was a defining moment, an opportunity to shine.  Show what one is made of.  What you can bring to the table, how you can help, how you can care, how you can LOVE.  Scanning the second floor, I located the apartment. The front door to the apartment had been forced open somehow, evidence of a shattered doorframe adjacent to the door handle, which looked like someone had taken a crowbar to it.  The place had the unmistaken resemblance of a tornado by the name of chaos. Everything was scattered in disarray: lamps knocked over, the coffee table overturned. Arriving on the three-thirty-three train: 'sweeping conclusion' that something was not right.  In the kitchen, I stopped in sight of a puddle of blood.  Yes blood.  Blood-blood. Swift panic possessed me, confirming what I first believed I had seen: a burglary in process.  Looking to the bedroom I saw the woman squirming, with blood running from her nose.  Her wrists restrained, tied to the bedposts.  With her legs tied in the same fashion, making it next to impossible for the woman to move.  Next to her the intruder stood, looking frantically through dresser drawers in the bedroom.  With each drawer he looked, he tossed to the ground below, as his body language grew angrier and angrier.
*
Voice:
"Oh what the winds of Tribulation can take in a moment's breath, when we place value on that which has no value.  Let us not forget what is valuable . . . or the winds will surely return."
*
Staring with disbelief, my eyes were drawn to the kitchen knife clutched in the masked man's right hand, just as he stopped searching through the dresser drawers and turned towards the woman.  Dropping focus and consumed with fear, I felt more than worried for the woman's life.  Instinctively, I started running toward the building's staircase and shot up the stairs like a bullet out of a shotgun barrel. 
Arriving at the second floor, I located the apartment recognizing the front door cracked open, with shattered pieces of wood scattered around the framing of the door.  Without thought, I dropped to my knees and slowly pushed with my upper arm against the door sounding a creaking noise.  Cause for pause, alarmed, the noise was loud as I froze, hoping the intruder hadn't heard it.  In reality, I might as well have pulled the pin and dropped a grenade.  Adrenaline stacked, my heart raced, as I bear crawled into the room.  I looked toward the bedroom to see if the intruder was there.  He wasn't.  Optimistic, I directed my attention to the bathroom, hoping he was there, but no luck.  As I slowly stood, I reached out for a leg of the broken coffee table.  Well, I found the masked man, standing feet away, towering over me with the knife clutched in his right hand, eyes in a trance, as if looking right through me?  Unnerved, the masked man was ready, prepared to inflict pain.  Feeling my heart race, everything became eerily calm, the quite before the storm.  My throat felt dry and my eyes grew heavy as objects in the room began to blur.  Between the shadow cast on the wall and the blade reflecting light, terror took hold.   With adrenaline surging through my veins, I held my breath and tightened my grip on the leg of the coffee table.  The masked man and I locked eyes for a moment.  'Run!'   A voice in my mind declared.  I wanted to run, and perhaps he would follow me, or leave knowing the party was over.  Logic aside, the reality of my actions was at hand.  Anticipating the moment when he would lunge forward with the knife, wounding me, getting some perverted pleasure in my suffering, my heart impossibly raced faster.  As much as I wanted to turn tail, I couldn't.  My legs locked and my feet melted to the floor.  Strangely my thoughts changed and although I couldn't be sure of the outcome, for whatever reason I felt safe.  When the masked man took a step towards me.  Standing in the doorway, I tried to convince myself to hold fast and stand my ground, to not show fear.  I quickly reasoned, worse case scenario, it will hurt if and when I get stabbed, but not for long.  'Wait for it.  Wait for it. . . ACTION!'  My heart raced, I took a breath and saw everything that mattered.  Everything composed of matter.  He took another step toward me, then another.  A burst of energy overcame me, as if entering my body, releasing a nitrous shot of adrenalin.  'NOW!'  The next thing I know, I am three feet in the air, jumping towards him, with the leg of the coffee table raised above my head like a wild Comanche, my opponent's head in my proverbial crosshairs.  Strange, but why do moments of this magnitude, of this caliber; always play out in slow motion?  I guess it stems from the natural high, mixed with the endorphins released from our brains in the event, experience, circumstance, or situation.  In effect, he raised the knife in a thrusting motion, but prior to the exchange, he retracted his jab.  He simply looked up at the leg of the coffee table.  His eyes were the only familiar image I could make out.  I knew in that moment that he wanted me to kill him.  Making contact, the leg of the coffee table exploded, shattering into countless tiny pieces.  It was an intense moment.  In retrospect, some music might have been nice?  Splinters looked like glitter as they fell to the ground, a spectacular backdrop for the masked man, his disbelieving eyes never leaving mine as he crumbled to his knees.  A subtle moment of clarity registered on his face, as if the words had been written on his forehead.  Words that read: he was glad I had stopped him.  The animal that lives in each of us.  Then, nothing but the white of his eyes as they rolled to the back of his head.  He released an exhausting moan of pain just as his legs collapsed.  Standing above him, a puddle of blood flowing from his injured head collected on his lower back.  I bent down and retrieved the knife lying next to him, which he had dropped in the process.  Having seen my share of scary movies where the villain comes to life for one last assault.  Uncertain if the man was dead or undead, I placed my knee flat against his upper rib cage and felt his jugular vein for a pulse.  Confirming he was alive, I retracted my hand as a droplet of blood accumulated on my forefinger, beginning to run between my fingers.  It was definitely weird, and I had never felt another person's blood.  It felt warm and maintained a thick consistency comparable to motor oil.  This man, I had thankfully not killed, to someone he may be a husband, a Father, a Brother, a lover?  Where did he go wrong?  Who is to blame?  I find it's easy to place blame, but to understand is a whole other mindset.  With the knife in hand, I ran to the room to check on the lady in distress.  
Entering the bedroom, the captive woman's face turned from fright to life.  Her eyes watered then tears of joy streamed down her cheeks.  The look I received was equivalent to my serving her water in hell.  Her eyes, those haunted eyes.  I will never forget them.  In the moment, I witnessed her spirit return.  I quickly ran to the bed and removed the tape that had been placed over her mouth, and then cut the rope that had restrained her arms and legs.  Once free she grabbed the covers and wrapped her naked body, feeling embarrassed but more relieved. 
"It's okay you're safe now," I said reassuringly.  She, fanatically crying, inhaled a few deep breaths and looked at me with disbelief in her eyes.  
"How did you know?" she asked trembling.  Seeing her pain-stricken face, I felt a great sense of the terror she had just encountered. 
"I'm so sorry.  I'm sorry I didn't arrive sooner." I replied, my voice cracking with emotion as my eyes started to water.  Hoping to help comfort her, I wrapped my arm around her neck.   Seconds later I saw a Police officer enter through the front door.  On the bed, I held the lady in my arms, trying to comfort her as she buried her head against my shoulder.  Moments later, I saw an officer enter the bedroom, skinning his smoke wagon.
"Are you guys okay?" the officer asked.
"Yes," I replied, as he exited the room, speaking something into his radio that was positioned over his right shoulder.  I looked into the living room to see more cops enter the apartment.  They handcuffed the masked man while even more officers entered the bedroom.  
With the Cops thoroughly checking any and all other rooms of the apartment, I recognized one of the officers.  I knew him as Officer Baker.  Knowing I recognized him, he grinned. 
"You have had an interesting couple of days, no?" he proclaimed with a look of skepticism.  I simply smiled.   
Soon, the officers began to question the lady as to how everything went down.  In the mix, I turned to one of the officers and asked, 
"Could I step outside to catch some fresh air?"
"That'll be fine, but don't leave," he sternly suggested.  
"We need you to explain what you encountered," he continued as I stepped through the crime-scene, all too real, and out onto the balcony.  Outside, I saw a herd of Police cars and Fire trucks, cherries and berries blazing.  From the balcony I looked down and saw Comfort looking up from the car, patiently waiting, with a look of puzzlement etched on her face.  I waved to her and witnessed her face light up as she waved back enthusiastically, relieved that everything was okay.  I felt beyond fortunate, I felt grateful that everything was in-fact ok.  Also, I realized how great a gal I had.  I then asked one of the officers if she could come up to the balcony, and he agreed, waving her up with an arm motion.  Upon arrival, she delivered a big hug as she stared into my eyes wearing a look I had thought reserved for superheroes just after saving our planet.  As she wrapped her arms around my neck, she strengthened her embrace,  
"How did you know?" she asked as she released her grip.  When I looked into her eyes, they were glazed with emotion.
"I'll explain everything later, crazy," I said, assuring her with a smile.
"You promise?" she asked, wearing a sad, puppy dog face.
"Yes, I promise." I smiled and took a deep breath.  I was glad to be alive and thankful that everything had worked out, understanding that it could have played out much differently.  About that time, Officer Baker came out to the balcony and lit up a smoke.  
"Square," he suggested with a cigarette hanging from his lips, extending his half empty box of Parliament Lights.  I accepted the gesture.  With his lighter I lit the cigarette and leaned over the balcony next to him as Comfort stood to my right.  I turned to look at him as he inhaled a drag of his cigarette.
"Who are you?" he asked, opening dialog, exhaling a lung full of smoke.   
"I'm not sure yet," I replied as my virgin lungs inhaled a drag.  I coughed violently. 
"But I think we will be seeing a lot more of each other." I said, as he turned to look at me. Deep in thought, he blew smoke the opposite direction. 
"Be careful man.  Sometimes these scenes don't go as well as we like or would have planned." Taking another drag of the cigarette, feeling the head change, I tossed the cigarette off the balcony below.  As I leaned over the railing, I watched the embers from the cigarette leave a trail of light as the butt tumbled to the ground.   
"Yes sir, I will be." I said. I turned to face him, smiled, and shook his hand.  Then I turned to Comfort and asked that she hang out on the balcony so that I could explain my side of the story to the detectives.
Inside the apartment, I realized the seriousness of the whole ordeal.  I saw the masked man on a stretcher being treated by medics.  I watched as he was carted past.  Looking down, he seemed to be unconscious, or at least heavily sedated.  He was strapped down, handcuffed to the gurney and being escorted to the awaiting meat wagon below.  I looked around the room and saw the officers and firemen standing around talking amongst themselves.  Scanning the place, my eyes became fixed on the woman in distress sitting on the couch, looking up at me.  This moment was intense.  It was as if everything paused, or froze in time.  I grinned, and then followed with a simple wave.  Sipping on what appeared to be tea, she waved back, smiling, and mouthed, 
"Thank-you." As she nodded her head, she bit her bottom lip.   Her eyes had filled with tears as her mind ran over the events of the terrorizing attack.  I simply nodded, accepting her appreciation and proceeded towards the kitchen. 
In the kitchen, I grabbed a seat at the kitchen table and explained my side of the near-tragic incident.  The Detective said he found my story 'a tough pill to swallow.' Regardless, he had to accept that I had seen the masked man enter the property in passing and that I reacted out of instinct (or adrenaline) but certainly within the law.  Skipping ahead, a few conversations later, and I was excused.  As I walked outside, alive and well, I found Comfort patiently waiting on the balcony.  We departed the crime scene. 
Needless to say, the ride home was an awkward one.  We shared silence as both of us reflected on the earlier events.  Soon we arrived to our place.  I asked that Comfort stay the night and she agreed.  Upon entering my apartment, the silence was broken. 
"What's going on with you these days?" she asked, in a demanding tone of voice.   Not exactly the first topic of choice, however, it was unavoidable.  I asked that she take a seat, knowing what I was about to tell her was truly unbelievable.  I started at the beginning, how Rob gave me the information from his cousin who had somehow managed to hack into the Dimensia Lab.  I explained to her the details pertaining to the snake lady and the business card and of the address and details of that night.  I explained my gift that Order and Truth had somehow given to me, yielding me capable to truly helping.  I concluded with the present day. 
"Okay," she said, releasing an overwhelming sigh, followed by a brief pause, seeing her mind race through her eyes, weighing her words with care.  
"Let's say I believe you?  What happens next?" she asked with a look of doubt and uncertainty etched on her face.  Having been pacing the room like a mad man, I grabbed a seat next to her on the bed and reached for her hand, looking into her deep blue eyes.
"I'm not sure what's next.  All I know is that they have chosen me for whatever reason, and in fact, I like it so far." Staring into my eyes, a smile grew on her face. 
"Well Fisher, if you like it, I like it.  I believe you.  I mean it's hard not to really.  I know its crazy, but after witnessing what just happened . . . "  As the statement lingered into oblivion, I felt ecstatic.  I jumped off the bed and began running the width of the room as a four year old kid would, hyped up on sugar.  That is, until I discerned Comfort was not as excited.  Sugar crash. 
"Is something else troubling you babe," I asked.  Sitting on the bed, she looked up at me with concerned eyes.   
"I'm just worried for you, that's all," she said, in a small, soft, whispery voice, her eyes falling to the ground.   I walked towards her and grabbed a seat next to her on the bed as I reached for her hand.
"I'm sorry babe, but try not to worry.  I'm not.  Think of this as me getting to help people that need help."  With that said, her eyes lit up, she cracked a faint smile as her eyes swelled with tears.
After clearing the air with our conversation, we laid down for the night.  I felt exhausted, my body felt drained.  All the experiences I had in the previous days had taken their toll, and it did not help that it was approaching two AM.  Lying on my back, looking at the stars as they miraculously lit up the sky, I couldn't sleep.  Waiting to come down, I felt restless as my mind wandered.  I felt plagued with questions: 'what will the other dimensions be like, and when am I going to begin to figure out the auras and colors, or deviations of them, and what they represented?'  While on my back, looking at the ceiling, but actually looking through the ceiling, I briefly caught a glimpse of a shooting star.  Unlike other shooting stars, it seemed as if it was in slow motion.  I was drawn to the remarkably vivid green trail of light from the gasses burning off upon entering our atmosphere.  It was like an arc welder's flame, inches long, but much larger of course.  In awe, I watched the star slowly speed across the night sky until completely burning out.  I felt a sudden calmness come over me as I lay in bed, now beginning to understand how much there is we do not know.
Back to Contents



Chapter: Seven.

When I woke up the next morning, the alarm next to my bed read noon.  Pigeon poop.  We had crashed, overslept, regretting the fact that I hadn't set the alarm.  Fact.  As I hopped out of bed and rushed around, I realized it was Saturday and I was scheduled to work a lunch shift that required me to be there by eleven.  I ran to the restroom, washed my face and brushed my teeth.  I then headed to my closet, grabbed my work clothes and bolted for the door (only after kissing a sleeping Comfort on the cheek).  Shuffling to my car, I began the drive to work.  Moments later I pulled up to the restaurant and parked in the designated employee parking area, immediately greeted by my manager standing at the backdoor having a cigarette.  Knowing I might be in trouble, I proceeded to approach.
"Somebody oversleep?" the manager asked with a mischievous look.  I cringed, now feeling extra-crunchy.
"Yes sir, I'm sorry, it won't happen again." I replied, embarrassed.  He took a final drag of his cigarette and flicked it down at his feet.   In a fluid motion, he raised his right foot and met the cherry with his shoe, extinguishing it while twisting his foot at the ankle.
"Well, just don't make it a habit," he said, as he raised his head to acknowledge me. 
"It's your lucky day because we're just now starting to get busy, you haven't missed much," he winked.  Then he placed his right hand on my shoulder and exhaled the smoke trapped in his lungs.  Thankfully, I was not in trouble.  I confidently grinned and entered the backdoor of the restaurant while beginning to tuck in my shirt and tie on my apron.  
Walking towards the host station to check my section, I became aware of the fact that I had just been sat a table.  I inhaled a deep breath and began walking toward my section to greet the table and to grab their drink order.  A typical section would consist of three booths that could seat approximately four to six people plus a round table that could seat parties of eight.  My table consisted of two adults with two small children.  Approaching the booth, I introduce myself and ask to take their drink order.  With the drink order in hand, I head toward the service station and begin filling their drinks.  After dropping off their drinks, I receive their food order.  I hadn't worked since receiving my new talent.  I found work much easier now.  I didn't have to run to my section every thirty seconds to see if I was seated, or feel the need to check my tables to see if anyone needed refills, or even go to the kitchen to check on food status.  Now I could see all of the above without wasting countless trips to and from.  
Before I could check the time, the lunch shift was coming to a close and I found myself sitting at an empty booth near the rear of the restaurant, now cut, which meant I was free to go.  I had completed my side work, cleaned my section of food droppings, and refilled the sugar caddies and Parmesan canisters.  Finished, I checked out with the server in charge of side work and closed out for the day with the manager who accepted the cash I received from patrons.  A smile on my face, I headed for the back of the restaurant to exit while counting my tips from the day.  To my surprise I had made a total of ninety-four dollars, more than I had ever made on a lunch shift.  On lunch shifts the food prices are cheaper, making the average check lower and yielding less in the amount of tips, you see.  I was happy, seeing as I worked a total of three hours.  I had made around thirty dollars an hour.  I knew that I owed most of this to my new talent, which had saved me those normal trips about the restaurant and consequently allowed me more time with the guests.  With a smile on my face, I hopped into my car and ensued the drive home.
Arriving, I parked in my parking space and looked up to my apartment but Comfort was not present.  I focused with my talent to her apartment and saw her not there, either.  I assumed she had left for work already and that I had just missed her.  I grabbed my work clothes from the backseat of my car and walked up the stairs to my apartment.  Upon entering my apartment, I discovered a note on the counter with Comfort's handwriting.  I opened the neatly folded note that revealed her beautiful penmanship. 
"Left for work, should return around ten.  Love, Comfort."  Placing the note back on the counter I began to change out of my work clothes.  I then decided to do a little research on the different colors I had written about on the notebook in Psychology class.  
Sitting at my computer I decided to Google colors.  To my surprise, I found a lot of information on colors and their different meanings.  After reading various articles online, something I realized I had displaced was that red, blue and yellow are known as the primary colors.  The secondary colors are those in combination of the primary colors.  White and black are not considered to be colors at all.  This lead me to question, if the other colors were a combination of the primary colors, would they also be the same in meaning?  After some time of filtering through the endless webpages, I printed off the most logical explanation of the color spectrum I could find and began reading the different interpretations.
*
Primary Colors:
Red:  Fire and blood. Infectious, charming, and prosperous.
Blue:  Stability, trust, wisdom, and faith. Sign of success.
Yellow:  Joy, energy, protectors, givers.
Secondary Colors:
Red and blue = violet:  Power, nobility, mystery, magic.
Red and yellow = orange:  Fascination, stimulation, imagination, dreamers.
Blue and yellow = green:  Nature, growth, harmony, healing power.	  
Finally:
White:  Goodness, innocence, strength, purity, angelic.
Black:  Power, death, evil, mystery.
*
My SWAG was that if other colors were combinations of the above colors, might the same principles apply to their meanings?  After reading the material followed by some amount of intake, I decided to take a walk around the neighborhood to test these theories of color meaning.  Logging off my computer, I grabbed my jacket and continued downstairs.  Outside, I walked along the congested sidewalk as it was nearing sunset.  The sky possessed a beautiful shade of blue, with pink outlining the distance with the sun laying ever so gently on the horizon.  I felt a cool breeze and heard the sounds of Mother Nature all around me.  I heard honking overhead and tilted my head to the sky to see a flock of geese numbering in the thirties flying in their famous V formation.  They were heading south for the winter and I wished I could go with them.  After a moment of appreciation, I continued to walk amongst the people, all with a specific glow visible. They were so illuminating that they were almost as bright as the street lights running parallel to the street overhead.   After a few minutes of walking and observing my surroundings, a gentleman struck me as quite interesting.  He dressed in what one could assume to have been his work attire, just like someone would dress who worked at a nearby warehouse or factory.  His hands were rough with calluses, he was covered in grease and his fingernails were dirty.  His boots were definitely broken in to the point of needing a new pair.  His hair was salt and pepper with just a hint of retreating brown.  He appeared to be in his mid-forties, perhaps early-fifties, mindlessly sitting on a bench.   I observed his eyes having bags under them and deep wrinkles on his face, no doubt due to a hard life of physical and strenuous labor.  I casually walked up to the man and introduced myself.  I opened conversation with a need of directions.  I was intrigued by his aura, which was blue.  He gave me my needed directions and somehow the conversation developed into a story of when he was my age.  He seemed very knowledgeable and trustworthy, which is exactly what I was looking to find.  In his story he spoke of a woman he coined "the love of his life." 
"We were to have been wed, but her father hadn't approved of me because I hadn't come from money."  My eyes began to water as I listened to this man pouring out his soul.  Diving further into his story, he explained his life and of some of the intense hurdles he had faced and conquered.  Apparently one of the biggest hurdles in his life was his son.  His son came into the world as one in a thousandth percentile, born with Down Syndrome.  Ironic to me is that we are all handicapped.  His wife, whom he met while serving in the military overseas, had to stay at home with their son at all times for fear that something could happen to him while away.  He then paused and looked me squarely in the eyes.  His eyes swelled, seeing his mind running over the course of his life.  It was like I was able to see the things he spoke of visually as if they were playing out right in front of me.  As a tear raced down his cheek, he raised his right hand to dry his eyes trying to mask his unguarded emotion; he grabbed my right leg with a firm grip and said,
"Son, I feel compelled to tell you, this life we are given doesn't last as long as we think when we're young.  While you are young, you should plan for the best but expect the worst.  I don't mean that in every aspect, of course.  But in life, sometimes we get dealt a bad hand, or things don't turn out the way we think they are supposed to.  It's on you to change the outcome, rather than accept what is or isn't there.  Always remember, change is the result of action.  Life can be predictable.  Living life is unpredictable.  Don't be consumed with preparing for your life that you forget to have one."   Sitting next to this man, I realized the hard life he must have had, but also how he was so loving and caring at the same time.  He was not your typical wealthy guy sitting on a bus bench.  He was rich in my opinion because I could see his heart, which was gold.  I could feel the words he spoke as if they were raindrops of wisdom pouring from his lips.  I intently listened, taking in every word and feeling every emotion.  I realized how special this guy was and how thankful I was to have had such a truly motivating, inspirational moment in his presence.  To think, I would have normally blown right past this guy waiting for the bus and never had the experience of learning something about others and myself!  In utter admiration I stood and thanked him for his time, explaining that I had to run to avoid becoming late. This was not the case, but felt I should say that to avoid being rude.  I then shook his hand and took off walking.  I understood how fortunate I am, we are.  Even when we think we have it bad, there is someone a stone-skip away that has it worse.  The simple fact that we are alive and breathing, have good health and the ability to function normally, we are blessed and should be thankful.  With such thoughts, I began to smile as a warm feeling of contentment washed over me.  
The next person that caught my eye was a gentleman sitting outside the coffee shop I normally went to enjoy a morning coffee.  As I entered the coffee shop, I ordered my usual, and then added the mixtures to satisfy my taste buds.  When my creation was completed, 'Hit the switch.  Now come to life.'  I grabbed my coffee and headed outside to an empty table positioned next to the gentleman, who coincidently had a red glow.  
The gentleman was well groomed and had a few years on myself.  His outward style was trendy.  He wore a black leather jacket and a scarf, which he had tied in a knot against his neck.  He presented a man of success and seemed to have an air of confidence about him.  I opened conversation with the gentleman by commenting on the beautiful starlit night.  He smiled in agreement and opened his stance to converse. 
"What do you have planned for this lovely evening, young man?" he cheerfully asked.  He crossed his left leg over the top of his right, settling deeper into his chair.  
"Maybe later I'll catch a movie with my girlfriend or something." I replied with a smile.
"Oh, yes, the harmonious days of dating," he said as he looked out into the distance, as if reminiscing.  Seconds later he held up his left hand, revealing his ring finger as he smiled. 
"How long you been dating this girl?" he asked.  I looked at him and grinned, inhaling a deep breath.
"Not that long," I bantered and we both laughed.  Glancing down at his watch he reached into his pocket and retrieved his cell phone.  He turned to look at me and sighed, expressing his aggravation. 
"Excuse me.  I need to call my wife to see if she is almost done shopping," he said in an impatient tone.  He rolled his eyes, stood from his seat over-exaggerating the act of standing, and carried on the conversation a few feet away.  Absorbing the stage, acts become familiar, moments later he returned to his previous position. 
"This is what you have to look forward to my friend," as he grasped his cell phone in between both hands and shook it from left to right, grinding his jaws with a look of I'm so annoyed on his face.  At about that time I felt my phone in the front pocket of my jeans vibrate.  I located it and answered to find that Comfort had been cut early from work and was on her way home.  I then decided it best to leave and shook the gentleman's hand and began walking toward my place.
It was approaching nine when I made it to my apartment.  I looked up from the street to see if Comfort had beaten me home.  Briefly scanning the apartment, then looking into her room I saw that she hadn't.  I proceeded up the stairs to my place and flopped down in my bed, closing my eyes to take a brief rest.  Then nothing.  Nothing being that's all I recall.  The next thing I knew it was morning.  I must've passed out cold.  Rolling out of bed, the sun shined through my blinds and I heard birds chirping from nearby trees.  I glanced over to Comfort's room and found her in bed, asleep.  Feeling revived and energized, I headed to the sink and grabbed a glass of water.  Focusing on a note on the counter.  Retrieving the neatly folded note, I read Comforts description of how she had came into my apartment last night and tried to wake me, but decided to let me get some much-needed sleep.  I sat the note back down on the counter and glanced at the alarm clock on the nightstand next to my bed. Ten o'clock.  Realizing it was Sunday and that I had to be at work by eleven, I decided to grab a quick shower and proceed to work.
Fortunately for me, work ended up being so slow that they asked for a couple of volunteers to leave early.  Naturally, I jumped on the grenade.  In doing so I got off at one-thirty and the rest of the day was mine.  Excited as I drove towards my place, I was thankful it had been slow and glad to be finished for the day when I arrived home.  Entering my apartment, I walked towards the fridge and found some leftovers I had forgotten about.  I felt rejuvenated and alive after devouring them.  Then I decided to head over to Comfort's place to see what her plans were for the day.  Knocking with my signature rhythm, I saw her exit the bathroom and approach the door.  As she slowly opened it I riffed,
"Good morning love.  Turtledove, glove, above, shove. I don't know that's all I got.  What do you have planned today?" I asked cheerfully.
"You're off early, no?  By the way, you're weird." Comfort said, consumed with laughter.
"Well, I wasn't scheduled to work, but now I'm covering a shift because one of the hostesses called in," Comfort said as she let out an overwhelming sigh of aggravation.  Forcing a smile, I felt annoyed and somewhat estranged.  I felt distanced. 
"I'm sorry for falling asleep last night," I said in apology.
"No worries.  Please squeeze.  You can't save someone's life every night, right?"  I laughed.
"Well, would you like to come over to my place and hang out before you head to the slave mill?"
"Sure, just let me get dressed real quick," she said with a grin, closing the door.  I then returned to my place and decided to clean up a bit in the meantime.  In the process I saw Comfort headed to my place from across the hall.  She knocked, and then let her self-in. 
This afternoon, we hung out and time flew as usual, until it was time for her to head to work.  I decided to accompany her.  Walking in our usual route to work, with her hand grasped in mine, it wasn't long till we arrived.  With a hug and a kiss, we said our goodbyes and I turned to head home.  En route I sparked an idea.  I picked up the pace and arrived at my place.  I quickly ran up the stairs to my apartment and grabbed my car keys and continued downstairs to my awaiting car.  
I had decided to head for the Dimensia Lab.  My hope, however illogical, involved Dr. Scott.  It was Sunday and I knew my chances were slim, but after processing the deviations of possibilities I decided it was still worth giving it a shot.  I hoped he would be at the lab.  Across town, after about fifteen minutes of driving, I arrived.  I parked in an empty space and I decided to check the building to see if Doctor Scott was present.  From my car I jumped with my talent inside the lab.  Upon entering the secured entrance, I was greeted by a long hallway with white tile at my feet.  The walls to the left and right were white in color.  Passing through the hall, I looked up at the ceiling and saw a consistency of recessed lights as I arrived at a junction.  I then had to choose whether to go right or left.  I looked to the right and saw the familiar picture I had just seen.  I looked left and observed a door with what appeared to be some sort of elaborate security system.  Deciding to go left, I jumped into the room and there it was.  I had seen it in the paperwork that Rob had given me from his computer-hacker cousin.  But didn't prepare me for this, it was truly magnificent.  Awestruck, gazing upon it for the first time, it was insane.  White in color, fifteen feet in width, the same of height, slightly larger in scope then I had imagined.  It was round and hollow on one side, with a large chair directly in the center.  The arms of the chair were fitted with restraints, with an upper arm that swiveled vertically as well as horizontal.  Assuming would cover one's face, visualizing a screen of some sort mounted to the arm.  A brilliant machine.  I stood amazed, becoming aware of the computers in the room.   Computers were everywhere.  Scanning the room from left to right, I saw at least eighty different computers.  The room itself was dark, except for the machine.  The machine, named the "deliverance chair" had its own barricade surrounding it, with lights hanging above in a fixed position.  Looking around the uninhabited room, a door opened and in entered Dr. Scott.  I was excited, for it was he whom I wanted to speak with.  I quickly retraced my train of thought to my current position, inside my car.  
Deciding to step out, I was greeted by a cold howl of the wind as it nearly capsized me.  In a turning motion I reached to the back seat and grabbed my jacket, hoping to keep warm.  After layering my jacket, closed the door of my car.  Feeling instantly warmer, I walked to the top of the hill where the lab was located.  As I reached the top of the hill, I decided to sit on the bench out front to wait for Dr. Scott thinking he would be along any minute.  
I glanced at my phone and saw it was approaching seven as I sat on the cold cement bench in front of the lab.  It was a chilly fall evening in the heart of Missouri.  As I sat there contently, I watched the near by trees.  They reminded me of paintbrush tips spread across a white canvas.  Influenced by the wind, they appeared to dance.   Pumping my feet in hopes of keeping my blood circulating, I exhaled and could see my breath, much colder than I had foreseen.  Minutes passed and I now felt my fingers begin to numb.  As time passed my body temperature fell and I placed my hands in the side pockets of my jacket.  Scanning the local surroundings, a Cardinal flying overhead caught my eye.  I looked up and watched with admiration as it peacefully soared through the sky above.  I decided to try to jump with my talent to the bird's perspective.  In doing so I felt first hand as if I were flying.  It was exhilarating.  I looked down from above and saw myself positioned directly below, dazedly staring up.  I then looked out into the horizon and saw a view that mesmerized me.  It was when I looked towards the city, at the approaching sunset that I felt this.  I took in the sun's rays as they outlined the buildings and again felt a relaxed and somber.  In this breathtaking moment, I truly understood what I had overlooked.  I began to see things with a newly found vantage point that was great.  After processing the pure beauty and simplicity of the moment, I felt grateful.  I then realized I should get back to my current position, not knowing how much time had lapsed.  
Moments later, the front door opened.  Having waited patiently for at least an hour, I realized it was Dr. Scott.  I quickly stood and began walking in his direction.  Within ten or so feet, in recognition of me, the Doctor stopped dead in his tracks.
"What are you doing here, son?" he asked impatiently in his Aussie accent.  Seeing fright in his eyes and realizing I had startled him, I couldn't help but grin.
"Sorry for the inconvenience.  It's just.  I mean I would really like to talk with you, even if it's only a few minutes."  
"Okay, what's on your mind?" he replied sharply.  I sensed a sarcastic tone to his voice as he glanced down at his watch, impatiently acting as if not to be bothered.
"You have two minutes," he said harshly.
"Thank-you sir, may I walk with you to your car?" I asked, as he nodded his head in agreement, we walked towards the parking lot.  
"Sir, as I told you before, I am interested in dimensions."  I sparked the conversation.
"Yes . . ." he added facetiously.  I smiled, realizing he was kind of annoying.  
"Okay," I said confidently, 
"Let's say I was able to figure out how to access the fourth dimension . . ." He slowly turned towards me,
"Son . . . " I interrupted,
"My name is Fisher."  Set back momentarily, he rephrased.
"Fisher, I'm sorry to say, but you really should just give up this fixation, this fantasy you have with all of this, and come to terms with reality."  I laughed, aggravated at this point. 
"Okay, just tell me what's in the fifth dimension."  His body language changed to cocky,
"Sorry mate, I can't tell you.  Besides, you have to access the fourth to supersede the fifth, naturally apples."
"Okay, I'll prove it to you," I said, becoming annoyed.
"Prove what," he asked, clueless.  
"The fourth dimension."  Aggravated, I continued,
"Point out your car." 
"Sorry?" he retorted,  
"Point out your car."  I spoke louder and slightly slower to get the message through.  He regrettably lifted his right hand and pointed to a Lexus SUV, gold in color, located a few hundred yards off in the distance.  I focused with my talent to inside the car.  I located the middle console and in the compartment I visualized several things.  Of the items, I saw a picture of Dr. Scott with his wife and daughter.  Beneath the picture I visualized a bottle of Cool Water cologne, in addition to, a pack of Big Red chewing gum.  Looking into the backseat, I found nothing I could relay as significant.  I then advanced to the trunk where I stumbled upon a soccer ball and a couple of fold up lounge chairs.  I then retraced my train of thought to my current position and relayed what I had just seen to the Doctor.  Seeing the blood rush from his head, I witnessed the Doctor's face turn pale as lavender.  His eyes lit up as he turned towards me, raising his left hand with his index finger extended.
"There's no way you could have known what was in my car.  Unless . . ." seeing him heavy in thought. 
"Unless you managed to break in while I was inside," as he grinned, understanding this wasn't going to be that easy.
"Okay, I'll do better.  If you will explain how to get to your office from the entrance of the Lab I will describe everything you have on your desk, as well as the contents of your desk."  He acquiesced, and moments later I relayed the specifics of pictures and pens.  I even described the screen saver he had selected for his monitor. 
"So, you're telling me the fourth dimension is the ability to see through things and to be able to look further by focusing on things you see.  Similar to remote viewing or a form of guided imagery?" he stated in disbelief.  
"I can also see people's auras.  And in my experience I have found that each person has a different aura represented by a color.  I also have a theory of what the colors mean or symbolize." I grinned confidently. 
"Okay, let's say I believe you. What do you want?"  As the Dr. narrowed his eyes, wheels turning,
"Well, pretty much, I want to know what exists in the other dimensions." Maintaining a cold stare for a brief moment, he cleared his throat and replied,
"Fisher, you have no idea what the next dimension is.  You should stop now and just appreciate what you have.  You have to understand, there is no undoing what has been done."   
"Well, what have you learned about the next dimension?" I asked arrogantly.  
"Trust me Fisher.  It's no place you want to go.  My partner on this project wanted to know the same.  And now he is mad as a cut snake, housed in a mental facility because he thinks he sees spirits."  His eyes bulged as he moved his fingers in a wave motion close to his face as if trying to taunt, intimidate or frighten me.  
"Spirits?" I repeated mockingly.  Staring one another uncomfortably in the eyes for what felt like thirty seconds, he extended his right arm, anchoring his hand around my left forearm, and strengthened his grip.
"Stop while you're ahead.  That's the best advice I can give you."  He released his grip on my arm,
"I have to go, but please don't proceed any further, I beg you.  Nothing good can come from it."  Not knowing what to think, I felt aggravated, doubtful and unsatisfied as the Dr. excused himself and headed toward his car.  I felt this way because I was hearing what I didn't want to hear.  So I decided to leave and proceeded to my car. 
Driving home I turned on the radio, hoping to hear something that would help me take my mind off the current feeling of being emotionally upset.  As I scanned the different radio stations, I heard a lot of country, some country, some more country, hip-hop and a few rap stations.  I eventually stumbled across a station that piqued my interest: NPR.  The bit was a segment with a female DJ, taking callers and having them share stories of supernatural experiences.  How appropriate I mused, speaking of spirits, also that Halloween was around the corner.  One caller explained that he and his wife had seen and experienced inexplicable things in their house.  The male caller explained in detail of how he and his wife would be sitting on the couch in their living room watching television, and out of nowhere they would hear a glass fall to the floor from the adjacent kitchen.  Entering the kitchen to investigate, they found the cabinet door overhead, wide open with the glass that would normally be shelved in the cabinet above on the ground below shattered into hundreds of pieces.  In another instance, their fireplace doors violently swung open with the chains that normally keep fire pops from entering the house.  All right before their very eyes and ears.
A different caller, a female, stated that in her nightly routine she would place her car keys on the top of her dresser.  Every night, she claimed, she would hear her car that was parked in front of her house honk and see lights flash through the blinds of her bedroom window.  It was exactly as if she had pressed the keyless remote lock button.  At other times her DVD player would power on.  Sometimes her television would power itself off.  
Hearing such reminded me of stories I had personally experienced.  I had seen things in the past that I thought were awkward or weird, but had rationalized them as justifiable or circumstantial.  One time for instance, the toilet randomly flushed.  I had a couple of friends over at the time,
"Dude, your toilet just flushed and no one is in the restroom?"  One of my friends voiced.  It was true, and you can imagine it definitely creeped us out. 
However crazy the aforementioned has been, the story that I am about to share is really crazy!  One weekend I stayed with my grandmother.  She owned three Siamese cats, and every night she would wrangle the cats into the laundry room at the opposite end of the house from my room.  Once inside, she would close the door leaving the cats to stay there overnight.  She did this because the cats would shed hair, get into things, etc.  The door that exited the laundry room led to a two-car garage.  At the time, I had my high school buddy Andy over to spend the night.  My Grandma had a computer/guest-room that had a bed where Andy planned on sleeping that night.  On this night I was hanging out in the computer room with Andy as he downloaded songs.  It was getting late, and I had fallen asleep in the guest bed.  Andy, by shaking me rather intensely, woke me up in tears frantic, a bit manic.  
"Dude, what's going on?" half-asleep, I asked.  Drawing from his state of panic, I thought the house was on fire or a superior race had returned.  I had never seen Andy like that; he hadn't stopped crying,
"Dude, everything's cool.  What's going on?"  He slowly regained his normal breathing pattern and began to dry his eyes.
"Okay, I was sitting here in the chair at the computer," as he visually pointed each out.  As if I didn't know what a chair or computer was?
"When I heard the door that enters the house from the garage open."   
"Okay." I added, slightly confused.
"Well, then I heard the cats going crazy, hissing and scratching and whatnot.  I mean crazy.  Then, I heard the laundry room door open and close, as the cats seemed to chill out."
"Got it," I said, listening intently. 
"Well, then I heard footsteps walking across the living room, hearing the floor popping and cracking with every step, headed my way.  I'm thinking it's your Grandma checking on us or something, but something didn't feel right."
"Okay."  I added, tracking along, as Andy stood in the center of the room.
"Well, I heard the footsteps getting closer and closer," to reenact the timing of the steps he crept across the room. 
"It sounded like whoever it was, was headed for this room.  Well, when I turned to look at the door, it was closed."  I nodded my head feeling anticipation build. 
"Okay, so now staring at the door I watched the doorknob turn as if someone were going to enter, then.  The door slowly opened.  Dude, keep in mind, it didn't open wide, just a few inches.  It barely opened.  My heart was pounding, about to explode, when I heard the footsteps entering the room, but no one was there!  Serious.  I started freaking out.  I froze.  I was in shock man.  Then, all of a sudden, I felt a cold breeze drift past me, as if a window had been opened, it gave me instant chill bumps.  I didn't know what to do man, it was freaking freaky.  A few seconds later, if that, I heard the footsteps again, except now walking away.  Looking at the door, I watched it slightly open, then close.  Again, I listened and heard the floor popping and cracking with each step, walking towards the laundry room.  Whatever-whatever, well, seconds later, I heard the laundry room door open and heard the cats go crazy-wild, then, the garage door open and close, then silence.  That's when I woke you up."  
"Are you sure you weren't dreaming?"  I asked in doubt, finding his story hard to believe.
"Fisher, I wasn't dreaming if I was awake, right?"  Andy said, looking at me in all seriousness.  I was still finding his story a little far-fetched, (Cats gone wild?).
"Yeah, I guess not huh?"  I agreed for sake of being friends.  After this night, Andy never stayed the night with me at my Grandmas place.  Something happened that jarred Andy to the core, but to this day I am unsure exactly what.
Arriving at my place, I pulled into my parking spot, and proceeded inside.  Upon entering I stumbled upon a business card.  At the counter, the business card had a striking resemblance to the one I had received from the snake lady.  The front of the card was blank while the other side revealed a hand written address.  I walked over to my computer to MapQuest the coordinating address, placing the business card in the front pocket of my jeans.  After finding the exact coordinates, I printed off the directions and grabbed my cell phone to dial work.  After a couple of rings, I heard Comfort's voice.
"Thank you for calling Circular Square Pizzeria, how can I help you?"  Hearing her southern drawl I laughed to myself, and then disguised my voice in a lower octave.
"Yes, I am looking to order about three hundred pizzas.  Is that going to be a problem?" Hearing a pause on the line. 
"Hello sir, I understand you want to order three hundred pizzas, is that correct?" she stated with uncertainty.  
"Yes, that's right, you sound cute.  I want you to bring the pizzas to my house," I said in my disguised voice.
"Sir, I don't know.  Is this order for another day or for tonight?  And will this be delivery or carry out?" Comfort asked, sounding more assertive, but suspect.
"What's up?" I said in my normal voice.  What followed was a moment of confusion,
"Fisher?"
"Don't sound so disappointed," I said in a consuming laugh. 
"How did you get on the line?" she asked, obviously confused.
"Um . . .I called you at work . . . kind of why-old."  There was another brief pause.
"That's weird.  I was talking to this guy that wanted to order like three hundred pizzas or something.  I think he was flirting with me, too?  I hope we got disconnected."
"Ma'am, excuse me ma'am.  Are you still there?  What are you wearing?"  I asked in a disguised voice. 
"Yes I am the capital of not funny."  She connected the dots and laughed, bamboozled.
"What do you want crazy-town?" she asked, hearing a smile in her voice. 
"I'm almost off, really funny by the way.  Yep, you got me." 
"Well, tonight I won't be able to chill.  I have to go see . . . those two ladies again."  I said, as a pause developed, 
"Okay." Comfort said, hesitantly.  
"Well be safe, I'm going to be worried about you all night, call me if and when you can."
"You got it," I replied, and closed our conversation.  I then grabbed my belongings and headed downstairs to my car.  Outside was cold; I inhaled and exhaled a breath, witnessing the breath floating in the air.  I paused, looking through the breath cloud I created, lost in the awareness of it all and proceeded to my car.  Of which, the rear window had frosted over, observing writing of some sort on it.  After prying open the frosted door, I laid horizontally across the seat on my stomach.  Straining my eyes back at the rear window, I finally made out, 'Comfort.'  Grinning, I sat up and pulled out my car keys and started my car.  After a couple minutes of letting my engine idle to warm, I decided it was time to get the show on the road.  I retrieved the directions from my pocket and began the drive, observing the setting of beautiful landscapes that Mother Earth had provided us with.  I saw into the buildings, into homes and apartments I passed.  I felt great pride in knowing my marginal existence was something I could be happy about.  It was something I had lacked for some reason.   This was an experience I will never forget, nor ever, ever, live without.  
Back to Contents



Chapter: Eight.

It wasn't long until I reached my destination and saw, yet again, a familiar picture.  There stood an old and abandoned building, located in the middle of nowhere.  I quickly scanned the building and surroundings but saw no signs of apparent life, other than a couple of homeless people seeking shelter from the cold.  As I turned off my car, I killed the headlights and continued to survey my surroundings.  Something felt strange.  Realizing there were neither businesses near by nor cars parked on the street.  The neighborhood looked as if it had experienced some Katrina-like disaster.  It was as if the government had yet again turned a blind eye, leaving any and everyone involved to find their own escape or refuge.  It was like a ghost town.
After taking a deep breath, which I held in as long as I could, I exhaled.  I repeated this process a few times, hoping to help calm my nerves as I reached for the door handle.  All this while I was revisiting my conversation with Dr. Scott and what he had told me.  'Stop while you're ahead.' Only I felt I needed to move forward, though, in hopes of maintaining the ability to survive or keep my sanity, so-to-speak.  As I grasped the handle of my car door my hand trembled and my palms became clammy. 'I could still leave and it will be okay,' I thought.  Only couldn't.  Hesitantly, I opened my car door and cautiously stepped out.  Standing next to it I strained to listen but heard nothing except eerie silence occasionally interrupted by a few blackbirds that cried into the night sky.  
The streets and surroundings seemed unnaturally muted.  As I closed my car door, I heard rustling of branches and leaves from a nearby bush, correlating the noise to have derived behind me.  I turned to look, straining my eyes in hopes of piercing the darkness.  I heard the noise again.  I froze, on edge, locking my legs as I do when I'm scared or nervous.  Staring between the sets of bushes, I suddenly heard a hissing noise and saw something dart across the grass to another nearby bush with another object tailing closely behind.  Curious and scared, I slowly approached the bushes.  I wanted to catch a better glimpse.  With each step, I edged myself closer and closer to the bushes, trying to be as quiet as possible.  I imagined myself a soldier, trying to sneak up on an enemy armed with machine guns, my trigger ready.  Within ten feet of the bushes, in a flurry of motion, I saw something come barreling out of the bush towards me.  Frozen in fear, I worried that whatever it was, was now mad at me for intruding.  It was dark, so I couldn't make out the object in its entirety.  I then felt something brush my pant legs that sent my adrenaline through the roof and my heart into overdrive.  I nervously looked down, with the object looking up at me from my feet.  I realized how funny this would have been had I brought along a camera.  If I could have captured that moment and sent it in to America's funniest videos, I believe I would have won the hundred thousand dollar grand prize.  Looking down, I realized it was a cat.  'A freaking cat' I thought, as I let out the breath trapped in my lungs.  I laughed to myself as the cat wondered off.  Letting out a sigh of relief, a reflection of light shining against the leafless trees emerged.  I turned and saw Order walking towards me, nearly a hundred yards out.  As I looked closely, I realized she was not walking, but gliding.  Then I felt a cool breeze as the fallen leaves became levitated.  Order, with her arms extended and wrists angled to the ground, appeared as if she had strings attached to her arms allowing her to glide.  Weightless as a feather, she descended softly and with grace to the ground.  I stared mesmerized as she slowly dropped her arms to her side in approach.  Astonished and fixated, I stared while my mind raced.  Who is this lady?  Not-to-mention, how is such an act possible?  Within twenty yards, I couldn't stand to look anymore at the intense incandescent glow she was emitting.  Having to turn away and blinking several times, I felt as if I had been temporarily blinded.  I saw nothing but traces of white.  Seconds later and regaining my sight, I noticed the light behind me beginning to fade.  As I turned to look, I saw Order standing about fifteen feet in front of me with her right arm fully extended towards me.  As I started to walk toward her, I felt captivated by her grace and beauty.  I then reached out for her hand and felt a sudden comfort and calming wash over me as we walked hand-in-hand into the abandoned building.  We said nothing to each other.
"What is it that you want or need of me?"  I asked, breaking the silence.  She reached up with her right hand, extended her index finger, placing it firmly against my mouth and covering my lips, 
"It's not safe," I heard, but didn't see her lips move and realized she had telepathically said that.  Amazed.  Crazy.  Cramazed.  My eyes grew to the size of ping-pong balls as she smiled. 
"Look the other direction," Order said, but once again, no lip movement.  As I turned to look in the opposite direction, I felt a subtle reaction of movement.  However, there was no motor activity, but it felt like I had jumped without jumping.  More like the act of jumping, or the effect of jumping, but no conscious thought.  As I looked around, I realized I was in a room near what I assumed to be the rear of the abandoned building.  Teleported.  What?  In the blink of an eye, we ended up in this room, but how?  As I looked around the room, I checked outside and realized it was indeed the abandoned building, with my car parked out front.  As an invisible fog settled in my mind, a bright flash of light entered my peripheral that redirected my focus back to inside the room.  I saw Order with her arms lifted towards the ceiling with a ball of light blazing between her hands.  Madness!  The ball of light was as bright as the sun, causing me to close my eyes.  Soon after I felt an intense rush of heat in a blast of wind that was so intense I nearly stumbled.  I opened my eyes and saw the light sweeping across the vicinity.  The light resembled what I had always imagined a nuclear bomb to look like upon detonation.  It spread fast like wildfire across the surrounding vicinity.  I then turned to look at Order and saw her glow, not as blinding, slowly beginning to fade.  As her image began to focus in my mind unveiling her magnetism, candor, purity, and knowledge.    
"How are you able to speak to me, without speaking?  And what did you just do?"  I asked.  
"I can also hear your thoughts," as she grinned.  Like a biscuit fresh out of the oven, hot, my skin crawled, embarrassed.  Realizing: she knew that I knew that she knew that she knew how beautiful I thought she was, and not exactly sure what else I had thought, she maintained her grin. 
"It's safe now, we can speak aloud."  However, I felt troubled that something inappropriate would pop into my head and I couldn't think of anything to say.  She simply grinned.  Then it dawned on me, I was trying to not think, but was thinking of not thinking.  Then I really felt embarrassed.  Order, taking a step toward the center of the room, extended her arms vertically towards the ceiling, and in a swift fluid motion dropped to her knees.  From a kneeling position, she slowly began to stand into an upright stance, with her hands out in front of her, palms flat and parallel to the floor.  I watched in disbelief as simultaneously a tree began to grow from the floor of the room.  As she slowly stood, the tree grew in size.  The tree slowly began to blossom, revealing beautiful blooms illuminating purple.  Standing with her arms extended toward the ceiling, I saw the tree in its full magnitude.  I experienced a feeling one can only vaguely hope to describe.  The tree itself had some sort of strange property which made one feel comfort.  It was not just beautiful but incredible as well.  What is logic without reason, reason without logic?  It was such a parallel.  As Order turned towards me I stared, drenched with contentment shadowed with disbelief.
"Fisher, I know how difficult all this must be for you to believe, but the time has come and we need to move quickly." Order said with a caring smile.  
"It's not hard to believe," I said feeling like a turtle out of its shell.  
"I just have a few questions, that's all." 
"Well, what are your questions?" Order asked, revealing her beautiful grin.  I began scratching the top of my head as I do when I feel uncomfortable or in an attempt to stall while my head didn't really itch.
"Well, what is all this?  Why me?  I mean, I'm a nobody."  
"Someday you will understand," Order said in a calm, reassuring way.  Not realizing I had rolled my eyes, I looked in the opposite direction.  When I turned back, Order was right in front of me just inches away.  Staring face-to-face with her, it caused me to feel very uncomfortable.
"You are special, as is everyone.  You have been chosen from birth."  As I listened with the utmost attention, I grinned and repeated,
"Birth, huh?"  Yeah right, I mused, not wanting to accept her story.
"Yes, birth." she replied,
"You are chosen to be a Light Worker, to spread the light.  You are what we call, a Light Warrior.  It is our destiny to battle the dark forces that grow stronger with each passing day." I staggered back in disbelief.
"Destiny, battle, warrior," I stammered,
"What are you talking about?  I'm just a dude that wants to blend in.  I have little to no importance or significance.  I'm normal, sorry lady."  
"So Fisher, you have never wondered what the big picture of life is?  You're telling me, you believe we live and die and that's it?  You think you work, you die, there's no after life, no purgatory?  Normal is it?" As she squinted her eyes, I sensed sarcasm in her voice. 
"There's no such thing as a normal life, there's just living." she said with a solemn face.  As I took a few steps back I tried to gather my thoughts for a brief moment, then replied,
"Yeah, okay.  I sometimes wonder about that stuff, everyone does.  That's just human nature, the human condition to want something different and better, to think that someday we will see our loved or lost-loved ones again.  I want to believe that there are answers to questions that are unanswerable, I do."  
"That's what is known as the horns of dilemma, Fisher.  It's when you feel you are complete on your own and don't want to accept the abstract reality.  Perhaps seeing people act and think a certain way, which is not by design, has clouded such an individual's outlook.  It's a conundrum, but most humans have no compunction.  Instead, they seek to justify their lifestyles with their own deception and perception of reality.  Most people never stop to listen, or search for truth, or strive to attain that which is beyond the beyond.  However, the facade with this philosophy is that there is a day on the distant calendar when the abstract reality will prevail, and then what will these people do?  When they can't change that which is done?  Fisher, show me a heart and I will show you scars.  From your perspective I understand such questions, but know that NOTHING is impossible, and what you CAN achieve is boundless, despite the human disposition.  Take comfort in knowing that one just has to ask.  It is inside you, and it is all around you.  It is all that you are and all that you are not.  The choice, I cannot stress enough, choice; is yours.  In the grand scheme of things, compare this life to a dream or a memory."  I felt my eyes glaze over from emotion.
"Is all this you speak true?  I mean have you seen it first hand?" I was compelled to ask.  
"Yes, and I have." she smiled.  
"I too, was once in your shoes and had to decide.  There was once a Prince of Light who revealed himself to humanity, but nothing he could do ever seemed to be enough to satisfy the craving of certainty, even among his followers.  As foretold countless times, and facilitated in exact perfection, this Prince was martyred for his controversial, tyrant, blasphemous and heretical beliefs.  But facilitating this prophecy accomplished so-much more.  More than most can even begin to understand.  It's your life and your choice.  But understand, seeing isn't believing, more accurately, believing is seeing."  I was present but absent, I felt an intense rush of energy surge into my veins that sent chill bumps flooding throughout my body.  Experiencing a paradigm shift, lost, I fell to my knees in understanding that everything I knew and had been taught or learned up until this point was incomplete.  I ran through my mind everything I had just been told, and felt grateful to be among them, willing and eager to learn.  As Order placed her hand on my head, my thoughts came to a head, and decided to stand. 
"What do I need to do?"  I asked as she extended her right arm.  I turned to look in the direction she had been pointing and watched a chair positioned across the room begin to slide across the floor to my feet completely by itself.  Telekinesis, what?  Amazed, I accepted the gesture and absorbed the seat.  When Order extended her arms towards the ceiling, she started speaking aloud in a different language.  Seconds later I saw another light appear in the sky, heading in our direction.  The light seemed to be moving quite fast as the glow intensified as it approached.  Looking at the unknown light I felt another sudden intense rush of energy as the wind stirred with turbulence.  I directed my attention outside and witnessed the trees swaying recklessly to and fro.  Seconds later, I felt an intense gust of heat as my sweat began to prickle, and I had to close my eyes until the intense light began to fade.  Seconds later, I opened my eyes to see, and saw Truth standing in the room.  Truth was the other lady.  The Middle-Eastern woman I had met on the prior visit, with the dreads.  In disbelief, her glow was very similar to that of Order's.  It too had every color I had seen previously with my gift.  Within seconds Truth's glow began to fade until it diminished into nearly nothing.  Staring at one another, she smiled.  Order, now in the middle of the room, plucked a leaf from the tree of life.  She then made her way to the sink located in the other room.  Moments later she returned with a mug in hand that was filled with what I assumed to be the drink I had on my first visit.  Everything happened so fast, and as much as I tried to absorb each and every moment, I couldn't.  Order, having walked towards me, extended the mug to me.  I accepted it, raising the mug to my nose to smell the familiar scent and took a sip.  The drink, I'm sorry, can't be described in any other way than happy.  Swishing it around in my mouth it seemed better this time than the last.  With my taste buds exploding, the tea tasted sweet but exotic and I smiled in appreciation.  Order, standing next to me, also smiled.  She seemed so mysterious.  A Lightess.  I didn't understand, but was ready to try.  Her smile was radiant, beyond radiant.  And I felt something each time in her presence that I could not place.  I then realized I had been mindlessly staring at Order and had forgotten that she could read thoughts.  I again felt compromised.  Embarrassed, I quickly turned away.  They say, 'everything happens for a reason?'  Well, I couldn't wrap my brain around the reason why any of this was happening.  It felt too good to be true.  What was the cause, the purpose?  Naturally, I couldn't begin to understand, but I needed to know.  I had a raging passion to learn, to find answers to questions I've had my entire life.  If it was destiny, I was prepared.  Truth, standing at my side, extended her arm and snapped her fingers as a chair materialized.  In disbelief, I thought, 'man this is some good tea!'  The chair appeared directly in front of me.  Truth taking a seat in the chair, looked at me.
"Are you ready to begin?" she asked as I smiled.
"Yes, yes I am." I looked up at Order who was standing next to me and smiled, lost in the forest that is her eyes.  Truth reached into her pocket, retrieving the familiar chain that had granted my gift.  As Order placed her hand on top of my shoulder, Truth began speaking aloud in the other language, swinging the necklace back and forth in a pendulum motion inches from my face.  I watched the chain in a hypnotic stare and entered a state of somberness, becoming very relaxed.  After a few seconds the cross dangling from the chain began to glow.   A bright, white trail of light shadowed the swinging cross, as Truth swung it from left to right, speaking aloud in the other language.  Feeling my eyelids begin to weigh, darkness overwhelmed my mind.
The next thing I recall was waking up to the sun shining through the blinds of my apartment windows.  I looked at the clock that read nine-thirty and realized it was Monday.  At least I hoped it was Monday?  I scanned the room suspiciously; unable to remember how I arrived at my place?  What happened last night?  Could it have been a dream?  Am I in a dream, dreaming?  Or going off the deep end?  Six of one, half-dozen of the other.  Expecting to be able to see differently, unfortunately, nothing of the sort was evident.  I then rolled out of bed, ran to the window of my apartment and opened the blinds fully expecting something different to present itself.  But everything seemed as it always had.  As a guy walking on the sidewalk entered my vantage point, directly below my apartment.  I stared in observation of his red glow.  I strained my eyes and cleared my mind with the idea of being capable to access his thoughts; only couldn't.  I then raised my right hand and pointed towards the pedestrian and thought to myself, 'pedestrian, stop walking.'  I closed my eyes and focused on the thought, then opened them seconds later. Nothing had happened.  At the time, the pedestrian kept with his pace, but with a blank expression inhabiting his face.  His eyes enlarged, looking up at me through the window.  He must have felt me staring and looked up to find me pointing at him.  I quickly jumped out of his line of sight.  Embarrassed, I tried to hide until he had passed.  I realized how ridiculous I must have looked and slid my back to the floor.  I tried to remember what had occurred last night.  'Why did I keep forgetting everything after the cross necklace?  Had I been roofied?'  Struggling to remember, everything seemed a little watered down.  I couldn't seem to piece together the puzzle of what exactly had happened, or was about to happen.  I felt the exact same.
I looked across the hall to Comfort's apartment and found her in bed asleep, in a statue's pose.  I grinned to myself and thought, 'she is beautiful even in her sleep.'  Then it dawned on me; I was supposed to be in computer class in an hour.  I decided to hop into the shower and prepare for class.  In the shower I tried to recall last night's events and what Order had told me of the Light Workers and of my role as a Light Warrior.  I wondered, if there was such a reality?  If someday there would be a battle, or was I simply going crazy?   I then proceeded to get dressed for class and made my way downstairs to find my car, looking exactly like I had parked it myself.  Strange, but what isn't?  I hopped in and headed for campus.  
After about five minutes, I arrived to campus and was greeted by all the magnificent colors of people's auras.  In awe the sight was breathtaking.   I observed a sea of college students, each of their auras having a specific color.  I found parking, exited my vehicle and arrived to my computer class ten minutes early.  This allowed a brief moment to converse with my buddy Rob.  Although nothing profound, he described his love interests with the ladies, then I explained how I had went back to the Dimensia Lab and spoke with Dr. Scott. 
"I'm surprised you went back, that's pretty ballsy," Rob said with a laugh.  Just as the professor entered, in which we quickly took our seats and prepared for class.  Midway through the class period as I was doing some research online for a term paper the professor had just assigned.  I watched the monitor of my computer begin to fade in and out.  'Perhaps it's a short or a power surge,' I mused.  Becoming aware of something in my periphery: something or someone was hovering over my shoulder breathing profusely and bearing an odor of disgust.  Frightened, I looked down and acted as if nothing were there.  Doing this, I saw something abnormal.  It had gigantic, unworldly feet; each with four toes, and long, sharp, prehensile claws.  Momentarily frozen in shock and disbelief, I slowly raised my eyes to the left to make out the creature.  With skin like that of a reptile: scales, hard and tough exterior.  The creature appeared wet, I assumed from sweat, as I continued to raise my head.  I acted calm, like nothing was there.  I slowly straightened up fully to see the creature in its entirety.  The creature had a large upper torso, with long arms and well-defined forearms and biceps.  With large hands, each finger was like an iron claw that looked to be razor sharp.  The creature bent down to look me square in the face.  With my palms becoming clammy, I felt all the hairs covering my body standing at end.  Unable to contain my fear, I could only stare at the creature, thinking 'my mind is deceiving me, or I'm officially delusional.'  Observing more thoroughly, it looked like the creature's face was disfigured and covered with puss-filled boils.  Its head was huge in proportion to mine.  It had a long snout with two large jaws and abundant teeth running the length of its jaws.  At the end of the creature's snout I saw two larger teeth, similar to a sabre-tooth.  As I examined closely there were two, six inch-long teeth.  One set on the upper jaw, the other set on the bottom jaw, and they overlapped each other.  Bug-eyed in disbelief, I observed the creature starting to breathe heavier.  I sensed its excitement as it leaned forward, closer and closer.  It extended its neck, coming to a stop within inches of my face and inhaled, as if smelling me.  I could not breathe, nor did I want to.  I felt my heart ready to burst out of my chest.  I concentrated on its eyes, eyes the size of billiard balls.  The creature blinked, and I realized its eyelids ran vertically.  I tried to gauge its intentions but couldn't.  The creature derived a perverse form of pleasure having smelled me.  Result, shivering uncontrollably, as it opened its mouth, emitting a low raspy vibration.  Its tongue was similar to that of a snake: forked in the middle as it extended out of its mouth, appearing to be feeling the air.  It had two rows of teeth, sharp and covered with slimy green mucus.  I cannot stress how scary this actually was.  Not knowing what to do and still in my classroom chair, I leaned backward as far as I could to distance myself by pushing my feet against the floor.  Rolling backwards in my chair, my classmates stared.  Too worried to be embarrassed, I looked back at the creature as it let out a bone chilling, horrifyingly loud scream.  Scream isn't the word.  It sounded more like a high-pitched shriek echoing in my eardrums.  I strained in pain and felt my brain throb, my ears still ringing.  The creature took a step back, went down on all fours and began to violently jerk its head from side to side, left to right.  Worried I had upset or offended it, I feared for my life.  I was concerned that at any second it would determine that I was prey and would pounce on me.  Certain I would be no match, or meal for that matter, the monstrosity stared me in the eyes.  It stood upright and made a low growling noise, then turned its back to me and took off running, jumping through the wall of the classroom and disappearing from sight.  I sheepishly stood up.  Breathing hard and trying to catch my breath, I had a moment of pissteria; I had pissed myself in the event, and now had the entire classroom's undivided attention.  Everyone stared.  For seconds there was silence.  Mortified and staring at the blank wall, I tried to recover my breath in spite of drenched pants.  A few of the students began to snicker and laugh, with others covering their noses, pointing in disgust.  Embarrassed, I quickly grabbed my belongings from beneath the desk and barreled toward the door.  Outside, running at a break-neck pace down the hall, I didn't look at anyone in passing.  To be more accurate, no one I passed registered in my mind as I focused on trying not to think about what I had just seen.  I then heard someone call out my name.  I turned to look and saw Rob standing in the hallway in his denim jeans and red t-shirt, holding up his hands expressing a look of confusion.  I motioned him away with a simple arm motion.  He shook his head and yelled,
"Call me."  I turned back around and continued running until I located my car in the student parking lot.  Arriving to my car, I opened the door and quickly jumped in, closing it with a sense of urgency.  I was worried that I had been followed.  In a paranoid panic I surveyed my immediate surroundings to make sure the coast was clear.  After scanning the surroundings and finding nothing to fear, I took a couple of deep breaths to help calm my nerves.  I thought to myself, 'its okay Fisher, get it together.  Get it together man.  Get it together.'  Seconds later, I noticed a little girl pointing at me looking as if she had been crying.  I examined her closer as she approached to see her dragging an old dirty teddy bear by one of its hind legs.  Startled and feeling displaced, I stared as she drew closer with each step.  Perplexed, due to the fact that she had no aura and staring in disbelief, I saw a college girl begin to walk toward the little girl, as if she had seen her.  I let out a sigh of relief while sitting in my car, motionless and watching intently.  The college girl continued to approach the little girl, but now walking faster.  'She's going to run right into the little girl,' I mused.  I witnessed the college girl pass right through her as if she were a mirage.  In shock, I shook my head a couple of times, closed my eyes, and began to slap my face.  'I must be dreaming.  Just wake up, it's only a nightmare.'  Seconds later, I opened my eyes to see the little girl, but . . . something was different about her.  It was her eyes.  They were enchanting, as beautiful as much as they were bewitching; a piercing shade of blue, like water in a rock quarry.  With my nerves running wild and feeling scattered, she walked to within fifteen feet of my car and stopped.  She lifted her teddy bear close to her chest, wrapping both arms around the ragged teddy while swaying from left to right.  Having not looked away, she smiled and I saw tears in her eyes.  Her clothing had worn holes and she looked as if she had been abandoned for days.   Standing before me, she possessed no shoes or proper clothing for the cold, and had dirty little feet with a bevy of sores and cuts.  Her legs were dirty and her hair was ratted, with large portions of it missing.  Hypnotized, I watched as the little girl lifted the teddy bear over her head and laughed in a peculiar way.  Simultaneously, her eyes turned from blue to solid red as she hurled the teddy.  The bear, aimed right at me, came much faster than I had anticipated.  Entering the front window of my car and barreling right towards me, in a turkey-jerk motion I ducked down at the last second, and witnessed the teddy bear pass right through my car and land on the ground behind it.  I slowly sat up and looked at the little girl, who now had her arms extended, reaching towards me as if she wanted me to hold or give her a hug.  Despite feeling scared, I couldn't help but feel sympathy for this seemingly orphaned child.  Moments later, standing next to my car, the little girl's eyes were no longer red but blue again.  On her dirty face one could see the trails of tears.  Slowly, I opened my car door and reached out to lift her up.  As I tried to grab her, it was like she had been a projection, an illusion.  My hands simply passed right through.  Although I could see her clear as day, I couldn't touch her.  In affect, she started to cry aloud.  
"What's your name sweetheart?"  I asked, as her eyes turned back from blue to solid red again.  
"My name is Walter Manfred Fitzgerald Common," she answered in a deep, demonic and masculine voice.  Startled, I jumped across the seat with my door still open and did not want to believe this was happening.  The little girl dropped her head and looked at the ground below.   Uncertain, in a slow fashion, she lifted her head with her eyes locked hard on me.  Then in an explosion of energy, she jumped toward me with her mouth ajar and arms raised, her violent scream of anger promising harm.  I froze, paralyzed with fear.  I closed my eyes anticipating pain, only to open them seconds later.  Scanning my body, had I been hurt?  Thankfully no.  I saw the little girl outside of my car.  I turned around to get a better angle to find her hunkered down on her knees, hiding her head between her legs.  She growled like a rabid animal, stood and walked towards the rear of my car.  I saw the little girl bend down to grab the teddy bear she had thrown.  With her back toward me she began to walk away, distancing herself from me.  Having not taken my focus off her, at a distance of fifteen yards the little girl turned her head one hundred and eighty degrees without moving her body.  Her body faced forward, the direction she continued to walk.  She smiled blankly as I watched her eyes turn from red to blue once again.  Her smile seemed devious and evil, as she squinted her eyes as if warning me.  She then turned her head back around and vanished into thin air. 
Here, I came to the realization that Order and Truth had done something to allow me to see into the spirit realm.  I also recalled the conversation with Dr. Scott, and how he had explained the fifth dimension as the ability to see into the spirit world.  I did in fact receive something last night, and not cool!   After a few moments of somewhat gathering my composure, I reached into my pocket and retrieved my car keys.  Beginning to drive, I felt troubled.  I kept revisiting what I had just seen and experienced, all the while wondering what the significance could be.
Halfway home, stopped at a red light, I casually observed my immediate surroundings and focused on a man digging vigorously through a trashcan on the sidewalk.  The man appeared to be in his mid-forty's, or perhaps early-fifties.  An older guy, he had a thick grey beard and rags for clothes.  He resembled that of a homeless man.  Next to him I saw a shopping cart containing an assortment of various cans, plastic bottles, and glass.  I jumped to the conclusion that he was rummaging through the trashcan in search of recyclables. What caught my eye was the fact that the man had no aura.  Waiting for the light to turn I mindlessly stared, when all of a sudden he stopped digging through the trashcan and looked up, as if he felt me staring at him.  Locking eyes with one another, he grinned deviously.   He began to wipe his mouth with his forearm. His hands were dirty, with cuts.  He stood motionless, staring me square in the eyes and possessing an ominous demeanor.  My eyes were drawn to a scar on the left side of his face, causing him to have a lazy eye and disfigured mouth.  In an explosion of energy, he began jumping up and down, pointing at me with his right arm.  Not wanting to believe what I had witnessed, the homeless man lowered his head but kept his eyes locked on me.   Feeling uneasy, not exactly sure what to expect.  Like a bullet leaving a chamber, he charged towards my car like a bull focused on a matador waiving a cape.  I heard the car behind me honk their horn, due to the fact the light had turned.  I floored it, pressing my foot against the gas pedal as hard as I could, causing my tires to squeal.  When I checked my driver's side mirror, I saw the homeless guy standing in the middle of the road.  He hadn't dropped his focus from me and now slowly lifted his right hand.  I felt terrified but was unable to look away.  The man with his thumb extended, raised his hand diagonally across his upper chest, and slowly drug his thumb across his neck as if to slit my throat.  I watched in disbelief as his eyes turned bright red.  Now feeling extremely nervous, I tried to ignore the unsettling gesture and encounter, and drove a few blocks with urgency, frequently checking my rear view mirror.  I released a deep breath thinking I had successfully dodged a bullet.  Having not seen the man, I decided to check my rear view mirror one final time and saw the homeless guy running and jumping on all fours like an animal.  With each jump, he would extend his hands out in front of him.  Unbelievably he was gaining on me, and I gave it some gas hoping to distance myself.  Traveling at a speed of fifty-five in a twenty-five, the relentless homeless guy was somehow gaining on me, with his jumps getting more and more frequent.  With each jump I saw him in midair exceed a height of thirty feet, land, then repeat the process.  I wanted nothing more than to escape the prolific jumper.  Just as the car in front of me began to apply their brakes as I quickly pumped my brakes, hoping to avoid an accident.  I resorted to slamming on my brakes and engaging my emergency brake.  This sent my car into a tail slide causing my steering wheel to violently shake and tires to scream.  Coming to a speedy halt, smoke began to rise from my wheel wells.  Stopping almost sideways in my lane I was just inches shy of the car in front of me.  I took a quick breath as the person in the car in front of me stared into their rear view mirror.  The driver, a female, began to shake her head in aggravation.  I waved to apologize, hoping to smooth the curves of the situation, as my eyes focused on a car seat strapped in the backseat of the car.  I mouthed a 'sorry' to the lady hoping to ease the situation.  I looked into my rear view mirror and could no longer see the homeless guy.  Thankful, I began thinking I was in the clear and settled into my seat trying to regain my composure.  Taking deep breaths, I waited at the light when, out of nowhere, the homeless guy landed on the hood of my car with a loud crash.  I jumped.  He was on all fours staring right at me, with only the window between us.  Possessing an evil grin, his eyes felt cold and dark while glowing a piercing red.  Scared, I realized I was sitting buckled in my car about to die.  Drooling from exhaustion, he mustered some growls.  His long greasy hair covered some of his disfigured face.  In a flash of movement he pushed his weight from his front two hands to his rear legs, changing his stance as if he were about to jump.  With my heart racing and experiencing a shortness of breath, I stared, but couldn't look away.  His eyes maintained a trancelike stare back at me.  He suddenly jumped while extending his arms out in front of him, reaching for my neck as if he wanted to strangle me.  At the last second I closed my eyes and turned away, lifting my arm in a defensive attempt to shield my face as I thought: 'this is it, I'm about to die.'  I can't say where I was, but I had elevated myself to a different place, a different plane, and perhaps a different reality.  As I opened my eyes, I had forgotten where I was and what had unfolded.  As the present circumstances assembled into my thoughts, I quickly scanned my body to find no harm inflicted or pain felt.  As a pair of eyes appeared in the mirror I stretched my neck, to find nothing wrong.  I turned around and saw the homeless guy now outside of my car, walking away.  I could hear his laugh echo in my mind.  Confused but thankful that I was unharmed I quickly said a prayer, considering it a blessing to still be alive as the light turned green.  Beginning to drive, my hands trembled uncontrollably and my foot shook erratically against the gas pedal.  Looking to my right, a small group of onlookers at a bus gawked at me with eyes bulging out of their heads.  It would seem their necks raised two feet and they all became giraffes.  Not knowing what else to do, I grinned and waved as I passed.  Realizing that for certain the giraffes thought I was crazy.  In fact, so did I.  I also realized how funny it must have looked to them.  Checking my rear view mirror, I saw the homeless guy staggering back and forth down the middle of the road but somehow not getting hit by the cars . . . they were passing right through him.  Jesus, Mary and Joseph!
When I arrived home I rushed up the stairs to my apartment, slamming the door.  I looked towards Comfort's room and saw that she had already left for work.  Tired and feeling drained, I decided to lie down and take a nap in hopes of catching up on some lost sleep.   As time passed nothing I did seemed to help.  I could not sleep.  Lying in bed, I heard a loud noise as someone or something hit my door or wall with a great deal of strength.  Opening my eyes I sat up in bed, quickly scanning the room but saw nothing out of the norm.  I then decided to check the apartment building, but saw no signs of anything abnormal.  As I sat in bed I ran all the possible scenarios in my head, ready to settle on one.  'I was officially going crazy.'  With nothing making sense, I decided to lie back down.  Focused on the sky, I saw something peculiar in the clouds.  As I began to focus on the object, I realized it was like nothing I had seen before.  With cirrus clouds present in the blue sky, the object soared angelically.  It seemed peaceful and calming as it soared aimlessly through the sky.  With complete focus on the unidentified flying object, I realized it was nothing short of abnormal.  Assuming it had to have been something from the Other World, the mythological-like creature had a wingspan that reached out three times its body size.  Each time the creature would flap its wings, it would soar a distance in excess of a hundreds yards.  The creature had a long tail and large torso that was covered in a metallic armor. The creature had the face of a mountain lion with a beak of a bird.  I stared captivated, and noticed its muscular arms covered in short golden brown hair.  Having five-fingered hands much like ours, the creature's legs were somewhat normal, with each leg bending at the knee.  The mysterious creature did however have different feet, like that of a bird.  It had three large toes, each the same size as the other.  One was centrally located and the others angled out at a forty-five degree angle.  Each toe had long sharp claws and could move each of which independently.
Fully immersed for what must have been five minutes, admiring the flying creature of mystery as it soared upward and displayed incredible spinning and twirling aerobatics.  Maneuvering flawlessly through the sky, at the climax of the climb it would tuck in its legs and withdraw its wings.  It would then spin over the top of its head and descend into a dive, picking up speed to eventually barrel into a free-fall dive.  It repeated this a few times.  Then in a sudden explosion of energy, it extended its legs and simultaneously spread its magnificent wings, slowing the speed it had gained from the dive and bringing it back to a glide.  The creature had such spectacular flying ability.  Time ceased to exist as I stared with complete contentment.  Dropping focus, I turned to look at the door and saw Comfort standing in the hall.  Quickly tossing aside the covers, I headed for the door and opened it to greet her.  Smiling, she jumped toward me landing a big hug.  It was something I needed at this point.  Instantly I felt more relaxed.  I looked toward the sky hoping to see the creature, but it was no longer present.   Comfort and I continued to the bed and grabbed seats.  She began drilling me in a typical girlfriend fashion. 
"Where were you?  How long?  Why didn't you call?  Are you sure?  I was worried." She finished it with an empathetic favorite, 
"I'm glad you're okay."   
"So, what's new?  I mean, can you fly, read my mind, guess my weight, what?"  All grins, she folded her hands in her lap.  I couldn't help but grin back.  Her smiles were contagious.  I was seized, beguiled and riveted.  Everything else was irrelevant at this point.  I then began to explain the fifth dimension, and how I was able to exist in the spirit realm.  I also expressed how it was crazier than I had imagined and what I had encountered thus far.   
"Is anything in the room now?" she asked. 
"I mean, do you see anything here?" she iterated, wearing a solemn but serious face. Sensing a serious tone from her, I scanned the room,
"Comfort, don't move.  Seriously, don't move," as I slowly stood up off the bed and cautiously walked towards my computer and reaching for a pen.  I slowly turned toward Comfort to see her holding her breath, completely still with eyes bulging out of her head. 
"It's right behind you."  I mouthed.
"What is it?" she mouthed back.  Taking a deep breath, I positioned myself to look behind her, and froze.   Her reaction was that of a deer in the headlights.  I raised my hand with my index finger extended, and in a circular motion directed her to look behind her.  Leading with her eyes, she turned her head ever so slowly.  As she did, I lunged towards her, grabbing her with my arms, 
"Raaahhh." I screamed.  She shrilled, jumping from the bed and ran toward the door.  Only to stop, turn back to find me laughing hysterically, completely unable to contain my laughter.  Standing at the doorway, her face changed from pale to blood red. 
"You're freaking hilarious, just so funny spirit boy," she yelled while making quotations with her fingers, clearly aggravated.  I tried to catch my breath to respond, but couldn't.  She then stormed out of the room, slamming the door behind her, making her curtain call.  After a couple minutes, I had regained my composure and decided to walk across the hall to Comfort's place.  At the door I knocked with my signature rhythm and saw Comfort in her room, listening to music.  I yelled, hoping to get her attention, knowing she was upset.
"Comfort, I'm sorry, open up." I yelled, but received no response.  Just as my neighbor, Ms. Andromeda, emerged at the top of the stairwell, grocery bag in hand.  She shot me with daggers in the form of a confused expression as she made her paranoid approach. 
"Good Afternoon, Ms. Andromeda," I offered, trying to act normal.  It was awkward, and as she passed she failed to acknowledge my pleasantry and instead looked on with suspicion.  Standing in front of Comfort's door I decided to knock a couple of more times, but this time louder.  I watched as Comfort got up off the bed, walked to turn off her Ipod deck then head for the door.  Standing in the hallway, I saw her open the door while standing with one hand on her hip and the other on the door handle.  
"Yes, can I help you?" she inquired, clearly upset. 
"I'm sorry for scaring you.  I wasn't planning on doing that.  It's just, well, you set yourself up for it," beginning to chuckle, replaying in my head how it went down, then watching the door slam in my face as Comfort stormed off.  Great, now, I really ticked her off.  I then saw her walking toward the door as it slowly became open,
"Oh, I'm sorry about that, you set yourself up for it," she grinned.  We laughed at one another, lost in the moment.  Only to return to my place where I resumed bringing her up to speed. 
I explained what had happened last night, how Order had told me about a battle between light and dark, and filled in the Oreo center.  At first I got the vibe that Comfort wasn't excited about the specifics, but I explained how I felt I needed to do this for my own reasons.  She seemed disinclined, but eventually seemed to come around.  At this point we both agreed that we would not talk about it for a while.  Conversations seemed only to produce more and more unanswerable questions leaving us only to frustratingly speculate.  
As night fell we planned to get out of the house and go to see a movie, just the two of us, with no interruptions.  It was a beautiful fall night, and we wanted to take advantage of the tranquility.  We agreed to walk to the theater in hopes of enjoying each other's company as well as wanting to make memories.  It was one of those nights. The crisp smell of autumn was in the air and the leaves had begun to change colors.  Stars were out and the night was truly heart stirring.  Each person we passed smiled, and our conversations were stimulating as always.  Mixed with the occasional warm breeze, one could stop, close their eyes and imagine being on a tropical beach near an ocean somewhere, albeit a scentless ocean.  I swear, it was almost alarming, because everything felt so perfect.  The moon was a harvest moon, the first I had ever seen and was filled with a vibrant orange.  It was much larger than normal and felt very close.  It felt like we could hop in our car, drive to the horizon and jump to the moon.  It tauntingly danced along side us as we walked.  Within a few blocks of the theater, we saw a line forming out front.   
"You want to go inside and order us some over-priced popcorn and soda?" I asked, extending a Jefferson.
"I'll wait out front and get the tickets," I said, as Comfort smiled and continued inside to the awaiting concession stand.  The line out front was large with approximately twenty guests that formed along the sidewalk.  Moments passed when I took note of an older guy next to the line that had stopped and began to stare at me.  He began pointing at me as I turned to acknowledge him.  Sizing him up, his clothing was old and grungy.  He was unclean with no teeth, causing him to smack gums when he talked.  I couldn't mistake his yellow aura.  His eyes were dark brown with grey hair revealing his age.  I thought to myself, 'here we go, I'm the only one that can see him and I am about to look ridiculous, yet again.'  With such thoughts I watched the older guy begin to feebly approach me.  Unable to overlook a limp in his step, my eyes focused on his right foot being drug against the ground.  I took comfort in what I felt was a safe distance, fifteen or so feet away.  Now the distance became an uncomfortable five feet as he hobbled with diligence.  Feeling uneasy, my nerves began to set in as people around me embarked on distancing themselves.  'It's going to be okay if they can see him,' I thought.  Stopping a few feet shy of me the man reached out with his hand palm up, fingers extended, revealing what seemed to be a solid black marble.  Looking the homeless guy in the eyes, only feet away I said,
"You want me to have your marble?"  He smacked with his mouth, opening his jaws and shaking his head up and down.  I skillfully reached out with my right arm as a grin emerged on his face.  I felt nervous, since as history had been showing lately, situations could pop off at any second.  I waited for whatever was next.  With shaking hands I grasped the marble with my index and thumb fingers.  I slowly retracted my arm, placing the marble safely in the front pocket of my jeans. 
"It will help if you need it . . . it will," he said, revealing a Southern drawl.  He winked at me before turning to look at the crowd, squinting his eyes and conversing with himself.
"Thank you," I said to be polite and turned to move forward in line.  At about that time a guy turned around in front of me, 
"You better give that back, I don't think he can afford to lose many more of those," he muttered under his breath.  I forced a smile knowing that the gift had made no sense to him.  I suspected that it would to me someday, and so it made sense to me now.  Moments later, I turned around looking for the guy who had given me the marble to find him now on the other side of the street, where he fished for cars as they passed.  It was kind of funny, actually.  He would crank with his left hand as if it were a reel and would cast with his right as if it were a pole.  With each cast, he would yell in a monotone voice,
"You-you.  What-what?" repeating this with each cast, over and over.  I was thankful that he didn't appear ready to run on all fours or wish to kill me.  Finally at the window, I ordered a pair of tickets.  With tickets in hand I walked through the entrance of the theater to find Comfort patiently sitting on a bench eating popcorn.  She stood and smiled as I extended my arm to escort her to our movie.  
As we entered our theater, we grabbed a couple of seats a few rows shy of the back.  The movie was surprisingly full for a Monday night.  Actually I take that back.   I'm not sure what day it was to be truthfully honest.   Watching the previews I noticed a light blinking in my pocket.  I pulled out my cell phone thinking that was what it was, but my pocket kept blinking.  Digging further into my pocket, feeling nothing other than some loose change and a tube of Chap Stick, I located the marble with my hand, now spinning.  It was spinning so fast that the friction from the marble warmed my hand.  I quickly stood and whispered,
"I'm going to the restroom, I'll be right back."  Once outside the theater, I located the restroom and made my approach.  Upon entry, I counted eight different stalls, as I entered the nearest one.  I reached into my pocket and formed a cup shape with my hand, as if I were gingerly trying to catch a bug without inflicting harm.  I overlapped my fingers and surrounded them around the marble.  With the marble in my grasp spinning rather fast, I slowly retracted my hand from my pocket.  Taking a seat on the toilet, I opened my hand palm up and extended my fingers while lifting the marble up to have a look.  As I did the marble began to ascend off my palm, defying gravity.   Floating a few inches from my face, it suddenly stopped spinning and was now only levitating.  As I stared in amazement, the marble began to flicker in and out as a tiny beam of white light emerged from it.  The white light provoked the similarity of a laser.  I continued to gaze, mystified.   Unanticipatedly the light began to stretch horizontally, beginning to take the form of a figure right before my eyes.  I watched dumbfounded as the shape slowly took the form of a woman.  Receiving or transmitting some type of frequency, within seconds it had transformed into a full-on three-dimensional hologram figure of Order.  Forthwith the three-dimensional hologram of Order began to speak to me.  
"Are you enjoying the movie?"  I heard.  In astonishment, 
"What?" I whispered. 
"Are you enjoying the movie?" she repeated.  I mustered a reply,
"Well, kind of, it hasn't started yet.  What is this thing," I asked, as she grinned.
"It's a marble silly, what did you think it was?"  I forced a corny smile, not appreciating her humor at all.  She advanced toward me as I witnessed the beam of light follow the action, similar to a moving flashlight.
"This will be our way of communicating," Order replied.
"It holds everything you visualize and experience, as well as a much more sophisticated version of what you call global positioning system."
"How can I send you a message like you're sending me?" I asked enthusiastically.
"You can't, but someday you will be able to," she said with a sincere smile.
"How?" I posed, naively,
"Unfortunately, we don't have long.  Soon the Dark Siders will figure out you're a Light Warrior and will come at you with everything." 
"What do you mean?" I asked, confused. 
"The animisms and demons, I believe you saw one earlier today, no?"  I nodded my head in agreement. 
"Well they can't hurt me or anything right?" I asked.  In understanding that which would be my ultimate demise had already been decided.  Not to mention, my guardian angels, which had always steered me through certain aspects of falling into.  In a sense, I had already jumped off the cliff, knowing the water would brace my fall.
"No, they're not supposed to.  We have boundaries, but sometimes they are crossed, and if this happens . . . Well, let's just say it's becoming a problem, they have been acting out and growing stronger."
"Acting out, you mean like hurting people, like me?  Because this last time I did indeed feel a physical threat, more intense than the others." I posed.  As Order's smile began to fade, expressing uncomfortable mannerisms and body language.  She bit her bottom lip, looked down, crossed her legs and nodded her head yes. 
"We make sure they don't act out but they have been trying to overthrow our authority.  Fisher we have arrived at an impasse.  Which is part of the reason we have chosen to intervene and present ourselves to certain individuals, and with a different presentation.  If you allow them to, they can damage your mind, and that is everything.  The creator of all things allows such a reality to exist, although they have taken on a delusional drunkenness on what they can achieve, and how they can achieve it.  And it is not with fairness, kindness, love, compassion, or any stage for advancement.  They have taken many lives; they have attached themselves to aspects of the human realm; all in the name of their disillusions.  The more active the Dark Sider, we will track but that takes time.  I must leave for a while.  You will have to fend for yourself.  I know you have what it takes and I apologize, but I have no choice in this matter.  I will tell . . ." The image abruptly flickered and was gone.  Within seconds the signal was gone and the marble fell into my palm.  I was now just a guy holding a marble.  Shaking the marble a couple of times, I had hoped the signal would reappear, but to no avail.  It yielded no reaction.  I then stood up and placed the marble safely in the front pocket of my jeans and opened the door of the bathroom stall.  Greeted by a man dressed in the military fatigues of a young Confederate Civil War soldier.  His uniform was filthy and covered in dirt.  He had a belt draped over his right shoulder and was unshaven.  His forage hat had worn holes and he held a black powder rifle that rested at his side.  Standing at the end of the stall, a few feet away I realized he had no aura.  With my heart racing, I felt a bit out of breath as I looked him square in the eyes.  Only, it was as if he didn't see me; he simply stared forward as if in some sort of daze.  I cautiously raised my arm and waved my hand in front of his face, but received no response.  I then noticed another person present.  It was a normal movie patron with a yellow aura standing at the entrance of the restroom, and he was staring at me.  On pause, he stood motionless, mid-stride, wearing a look of disbelief.  I smiled, and felt a bit embarrassed.  I then turned back to face the young Civil War infantryman who had moved, and was now right in my face and growling.  Grinding his jaws, saliva ran from his mouth.  His eyes were blue and crazed.  He slowly raised the barrel of his gun towards my face, angling the bayonet at my neck.   
"Back!  Back!" The Civil War guy commanded, jabbing the bayonet wildly through the air.  Fearing for my life, I complied and slowly stepped backwards, raising my hands above my head demonstrating that I didn't want any trouble. 
"Is everything alright?" The movie patron asked in disarray, showing a look of distress. Against the back wall of the stall, straddling the toilet, I can only imagine how I must have looked.  The Civil War guy took a step back as his eyes turned red.  He kneeled on one knee and screamed in anguish.  His body trembled in pain.  With his arms crossed flat against his stomach, he clinched his hands into fists.  Seconds later he slowly raised his head, looking right at me, he laughed deeply and stood.  He simultaneously raised the barrel of the gun, aiming it right at me.  In an eruption of energy he screamed and lunged forward, the blade aimed for my stomach I gasped for air, held my breath and closed my eyes not wanting to believe what was happening.  Seconds later, I realized that I felt nothing and opened my eyes to find myself surprisingly uninjured and very alive.  As I looked down, the young soldier maintained his vigorous jabbing with his bayonet, screaming aloud with each forward jab.  He continued stabbing maliciously, but I felt nothing.  Seeing how angry and disgruntled the soldier truly was, reveled in his eyes.
"Are you done here, because I have a life to live." The soldier looked up to face me as his facial expression changed from angry to pitiful.  He laid the gun ever-so-gently on the floor of the bathroom stall.  Then took a seat and began to ever-so-slightly cry, shielding his face with his hands.  Instinctively I felt sorry for him, but felt glad at the same time.  I mean, he freaking tried to bayonet me to death.  I then directed my attention to the movie patron who hadn't moved, standing lifeless with his mouth agape.  I saw his eyes bulging out of his head, staring from the end of the stall as if I were crazy.  Uncomfortable, I smiled as he started to shake his head in disbelief.  I laughed, not knowing what else to do at the time and exited the stall.
"What's the matter?  You've never seen a ghost before?" I offered.  The movie patron, frozen like a statue, made a swallowing sound to clear his throat and looked into the stall, then back at me. 
"There was no one there," he announced.  At the sink, I washed my hands while watching the patron in the reflection of the mirror.
"There wasn't huh?" I grinned, turning off the water and began drying my hands with some paper towels.  The patron, having not moved, was at a loss for words.  
"Just because you can't see it doesn't mean it's not there," I said in passing, flashing a grin as I exited the restroom and made my way back to my movie.  From below I scanned the crowd and located Comfort, her body language screaming, I'm aggravated.  As I made my way up the steps and approached our row, Comfort crossed her arms and stared at me.  Returning to my empty seat, I sat down as Comfort scowled in silence.  Judging by her expressions and body language, I could tell she was not happy.  I couldn't help but grin at how cute she was.  Clearly, I couldn't tell her what had kept me so long.  Beginning to settle into my seat, I reached for the tub of popcorn just as Comfort distanced it beyond my reach.   
"I'm sorry, I'll explain.  Chill out crazy." I whispered as she smiled, then extended the half-eaten tub of popcorn. 
"What did I miss?" I whispered in her direction.  Although Comfort was already immersed in the film and I received no response other than a loud 'shhh' from a person seated behind us.  As I turned around to wave my hand in apology, I realized a woman was the shhh-sher, as she glared at me.  I grinned, realizing she looked kind of upset, but over a whisper?  Regardless, she maintained the bone-chilling stare when all of a sudden her eyes turned bright red.  Instinctively, I jumped.  I felt a wave of shock spread throughout my body, releasing instant chill bumps.  I quickly turned back around and acted as if I didn't see her and stared through the screen.  Seconds later, the movie patrons in the seats below ours turned around and begin to look back.  Finding this peculiar, I next felt a strange feeling sweep over me.  I counted at least fifteen or so movie patrons staring back at me.  One at a time their eyes turned bright red, piercing the darkness.  Sinking into my seat, I swallowed the popcorn I had in my mouth.  I blankly stared at the screen trying my best to show no fear.  Scared out of my mind, I quickly glanced over to Comfort to see her contently watching the movie as if nothing unusual was happening.  Trying to be conspicuous I nudged her with my elbow, and she turned towards me, 
"What?" she mouthed.  I pretended to wipe my eyes and pivoted a bit in my seat to look behind where I was sitting.  Although, was as if no one was looking at me, to my (hesitant) relief.  I looked at Comfort as I reached into my pocket and pulled out my cell phone.  She reached into her purse, sitting below her chair and pulled out her phone.  Meanwhile, I texted, 
"Did u c all those ppl stare @ me?"  Looking at her, I waited second after second for the message to be delivered.  Reading my message, she sighed, rolled her eyes and shook her head no. 
"Seriously," I fired back.  As her phone lit up and after reading my text typed away.  Moments later my phone began to vibrate.  I flipped open the face of my phone, the message read,
"ur paranoid. ? All good, jsst watch the movie."  Rolling my eyes, I quickly replied,
"kk," and closed my phone, placing it safely in the front pocket of my jeans.  I continued to try and watch the movie but couldn't seem to get comfortable as thoughts took over; it seemed that everyone else was arrogant or ignorant.  Then, one at a time, the same people slowly turned around to face me and renewed their stares.  Seeing this, I lifted one of my hands to shield my eyes and took a couple deep breaths while trying to convince myself that I couldn't be seeing this and that it was not real.  Seconds later, I spread a couple of my fingers apart to peek, only to find their collective eyes glowing red once more.  I immediately elbowed Comfort in the arm and pointed below to the people staring up at me.  Comfort appeared to look, her eyes opened wide to over-exaggerate the motion of looking, then looked at me and shrugged her shoulders.  She was definitely annoyed.  I lowered my hand down from my face revealing even more sets of red stares.  Becoming aware of a presence between Comfort and I.  In my peripheral vision, something had appeared.  Frozen, completely rattled, I closed my eyes, took a deep breath and slowly turned towards Comfort.  I thought to myself, 'nothing is there I'm imaging this.  Mind over matter, mind over matter.'  Seconds later, I built the courage to open my eyes.  By doing so I jumped clean out of my chair and landed in the isle, five seats down. Witnessing a creature of preposterous existence.  An unworldly being that had long pointy ears like that of an elf.  It was tall, lanky, and walked upright on two legs.  It was now in my abandoned seat and seemed to want to watch the movie.  Comfort looked at me embarrassed and turned upset.   When the creature casually reached for our popcorn and shoveled some into its mouth.  I couldn't help but notice the size of its hands. They were large; at least twice the size of an average adult male's and had long skinny fingers with sharp nails.  I looked at its face, and it was any and everything one might imagine a monster to look like.  Its skin was hard like leather, with large fly-like eyes; two horns protruding out of its head, each about six inches long and two inches wide.  Observing what appeared to be three slits on its neck.  I assumed they were gills, as they were fluctuating with each breath.  Surprisingly, the creature seemed to have no interest with me and completely failed to acknowledge my presence.  In the isle I continued to examine the specimen, and noticed it had long tiny braids of platinum hair with small bones intertwined at the end of each one.  Not knowing what to do, I continued to stare at it, as the creature stood upright and positioned itself in front of Comfort.  In disbelief and not knowing exactly sure what to do or to expect, I witnessed the creature bend at the waist and with a snap of its head look right at me.  Confused, finding (D.) All the above, displaced.  The creature bowed graciously at the waist while extending its right arm, as if gesturing an invitation to return to my seat.  I cautiously stood and inched toward my seat.  
With each step I began to examine the creature more thoroughly, trying to gauge its intentions.  As my eyes settled on a dagger tucked into its belt, a blade over six inches long and about two inches in width.  Next, my eyes focused on the jar, much like a fruit canning jar, dangling from its belt.  The jar's contents were at first a bit hazy, but with a few steps closer I could see it contained worms.  Or so I thought.  Closer still I realized they were not worms but baby snakes.  Arriving at my seat I looked down at the empty chair and up at the creature as it acknowledged me with an assuring vertical nod of the head.  Uncomfortable and unable to anticipate what may unfold, I sheepishly looked over to Comfort who now wore a look of disgust.  Returning my attention to the creature it removed the dagger from its belt.  I breathlessly watched as the creature raised the blade toward its mouth, holding the knife with the handle out and blade angled in.  The creature slowly opened its mouth and extended a long, slimy tongue covered in boils.  With the creature's mouth ajar, I got a good view of its small and snake-like teeth as the creature licked the blade while staring right at me.  Unsettling, blood began to run the length of the blade, then onto the handle before finally dripping to the ground.  I clinched my jaws and strained to watch.  I was frozen in fear as the creature reached up with its free hand and grabbed the handle of the knife.  With both hands it slowly raised the knife above its head, as if you would chop wood with an ax.  In a sudden absurdness the creature released its stance and swung the knife through the air at Comfort.  'ENOUGH!'  Adrenaline screamed, flooding my veins. 
"No!" I yelled aloud as I jumped out of my seat and into the air.  Hoping to block the blade, I closed my eyes in anticipation of pain.  
"Fisher, what are you doing now?" Comfort voiced in frustration.  I landed and opened my eyes, fully expecting to see blood, but there was none.  What I did have was the entire theater's attention.  I quickly ran my hands across my chest, then back, but felt no pain from any wound.  I looked into the crowd of movie patrons and saw only auras.  No demons, no red eyes, just movie theater people.  They all looked at me with disgust as I lay, sprawled on my stomach across Comfort with my feet dangling in the isle.  I then turned over to my backside and looked up at Comfort, seeing her face blood red with catatonic eyes.  I knew that I was in trouble.  She looked livid as I crawled, embarrassed, back to my chair.  Slumping into my seat I looked down at the people in the theater, all still staring disapprovingly.  Absorbing the vibe, I saw the creature I had just encountered down by the emergency exit.  Offering a devious smile it jumped through the door, disappearing from sight.
I sat in my chair and let out a sigh of relief.  Realizing that I was sweating profusely, I wiped my forehead with the sleeve of my jacket and pretended I was interested in the movie.  My eyes focused on the screen but my mind surged with questions.  What had I gotten myself into?  What more was to come?  What was my purpose as a Light Worker?  Up until this point, I saw myself as a needy person instead of a giver.  What help could I possibly offer and to what accord?  There was a storm brewing; the first raindrops had fallen.
About thirty minutes later the movie was over, the overhead lights came on and were met with an abnormally quiet theater.  Not one person stood up out of their seat, instead they all looked up at Comfort and I.  Feeling the vibe, I looked over at Comfort as she buried her face between her hands.  As I stood up and looked around the theater, Comfort nudged me with her forearm saying, 
"Just go Fisher.  Let's go already."  People were whispering amongst themselves and some began to laugh.  Others stood in a bulldog stance, as if about to hand out a beat down.  I tried to ignore them but couldn't.  Everyone was glaring with abhorrence and pointing.  It was awkward and it didn't help that Comfort was with me.  I couldn't care less what these people thought of me, but when I looked at Comfort and saw how embarrassed she was, it struck an E chord within me.  As we exited the theater and reached the concessions, Comfort shot off like a bottle rocket barreling toward the door.  Picking up my stride, I called out her name to no response.  Now outside the movie theater, I had to jog to catch up with her.  As I approached I tried to place my arm around her shoulders, but she wasn't having it and shrugged away.  
"Comfort, are you okay?" I asked, revealing a repulsed look, her eyes full of tears.  
"Are you freaking kidding me in there?  What was that?" she asked adamantly, tears streaming down her face.  I realized that she was in no joking mood.  Understand that I place great value in being honest, somewhat of a rare quality in this day and age; oddly, nothing rare has little value.  I took a deep breath and began.
"I'm sorry babe, it's this dimension thing.  It's messing with my head.  I mean, I see things that other people don't see and for the most part they're not good things." Approaching a dog spread out on the sidewalk with its front paws laid out in front of its torso with its hind legs tucked beneath its rear end, wagging its tail amusedly.  I was almost sure that I had seen it a half-block earlier in the exact same position.  As we continued to walk and converse, I saw it again and again, block after block, occasionally on the opposite side of the street.  Each time it looked increasingly amused with this game.  I interrupted Comfort who had been venting her frustration most of the way. 
"Babe, that dog, did you see it?"  Comfort looked at me with crazy eyes.
"Are you even listening to me?  I mean seriously Fisher, no.  What dog?  I don't care about a freaking dog okay," she replied.  I decided to not press the issue since I didn't want to complicate matters anymore than they already were.  We continued to walk, and there was the dog again.  We had made a turn onto a different street, and the fact that I never saw it pass us, well here we go.  As we approached it, I paused briefly, beginning to closely examine the dog but saw nothing extraordinary.  Comfort, continuing to walk, stopped and turned around, as I examined the dog, 
"Okay, I see the dog.  Are you happy?" she said, cracking the faintest of smile. 
"Yeah?  Did you see it earlier as well?" I asked.  Comfort rolled her eyes and turned to continue walking.  
"Yo, so you saw the dog?" I yelled, hustling to catch up,
"Yes, I saw the dog," she answered. 
"How many times?" I asked, excitedly.  
"Twice dog whisperer," she smiled and placed her hand on her hip.  I couldn't help but smile. 
"Comfort, I'm not a dog whisperer, I'm more like a . . ." stopping dead in my tracks, mid-sentence, recognition of the dog, yet again.  I raised my left arm to get Comfort to stop or at least to slow her pace. 
"What?" she asked.  Without speaking I lifted my right arm and pointed toward the dog. Comfort turned to look.  
"Okay that's weird, you're creeping me out babe, for real."  We commenced walking, still focusing on the dog.  Approaching the dog, it seemed peaceful as it watched us pass, wagging its tail.  I examined the dog closely to see if its breathing pattern was abnormal, thinking that maybe it could have ran and beaten us.  It wasn't panting, and my mind flashed to more mentally precarious alternatives. 
"Soooo . . . that was weird, huh?" Comfort softly whispered.  I turned back to look, but saw no trace of the dog.  I then looked across the street but saw nothing.  When I turned back around, I saw it about thirty-to-forty yards in front of us.  I was beginning to get freaked out at this point.  I mean, I could see better at night than most people with my fourth and now fifth dimension, but animals didn't have auras.  Comfort, in recognition of the dog, gazed upon it with eyes popping out of her head, 
"Git - git out of here dog" she yelled while waving her hands in the air above her head.  To my amazement the dog obeyed.  It quickly stood up, tucked its tail between it legs and shuffled off.  I looked over at Comfort and smiled. 
"Old Yeller called - they want their dog back.  That was weird, huh?  How many times did you see it?" she asked.  Looking down as we walked I pondered the question, then the answer.
"I remember seeing it at least five, maybe, six times," I replied as she looked at me with a puzzled expression on her face.  We continued walking until we reached our place.  We decided to call it a night having had enough excitement and drama for the both of us for one day.
Back to Contents



Chapter: Nine.

Upon entering my apartment I proceeded to get ready for bed with my nightly routine: I washed my face, brushed my teeth, jumped up and down 33 times, then turned out the lights.  In bed I laid on my back and looked into the vast night sky, seeing the beautiful stars shining down, which seemed to dim and fade.  I thought it was crazy that each yellow star could harbor one if not more earth-like planets?      (Drake equation.) 
*
Voice:
"As vast and diverse as our solar system is, truth be told, it is but a drop in the cosmic ocean.  Our Sun is one star, in a galaxy of two hundred billion.  Our galaxy is but one of the hundred billion galaxies."
*
With everything that had been happening, I found it hard to fall asleep.  My body was exhausted but my mind ran amuck.  I tried several techniques in hopes of getting some shuteye, but nothing seemed to help.  I grew restless contemplating what the future had in store and revisited some of the recent encounters. 
After a few hours of this, I accepted that I was not going to be getting my much-needed rest.  At one point couldn't shake the feeling of being watched, as if someone or something was in my room.  Sitting up in bed, I scanned the room to see a guy standing at the foot of my bed.  The man wore a black suit with silver pin stripes and a silver tie.  He had grey, slicked-back hair that gave him a politician-like look.  He was an attractive, professional looking guy, but aura-less to me.  I nervously wondered if I was hallucinating or dreaming.  
"Who are you?  What are you doing here?"  I asked.  He smiled, revealing porcelain teeth as white as Winter's snow.  He had a distinct face with an unassuming demeanor.  Standing with perfect posture at the foot of my bed, his arms crossed, he began to approach me while clearing his throat.  
"Fisher, you don't know me but I know you very well.  My name is Tribulation.  Please forgive me for this intrusion but I have an . . . interesting proposition for you." He grinned deviously.
"Okay, I'm all ears," I answered, on edge. 
"Fisher," as he took a seat at the foot of my bed,
"I know you want a lot out of life.  Correct me if I am wrong, but I believe you to be a rather intelligent individual and should have a choice in the matter, which is why I am here.  I know you have been approached by a couple of ladies who call themselves Light Workers." I nodded in agreement.
"Well, I think you should have the opportunity to choose which side you want to be on.   I personally don't feel that they have explained everything to you correctly," he suggested with a grin.  I provided my undivided attention as he stood and spoke aloud in a different language.  Beginning to approach, he raised his hand and gently placed it flat on the top of my head.  I felt a sudden heat and my eyelids became heavy as I struggled to keep my eyes open.  Experiencing the feeling of being paralyzed, I started to visualize things, events, and places.  It was as if I was visiting memories, but they were not mine.  I saw things that I believed to be of the future.  I saw all nations undivided with a universal government.  There was a universal currency and a universal leader.  I saw a leader in what seemed to be a press conference, speaking to a congregation of nations.  It seemed that everyone loved this guy whole-heartedly, and I assumed that he had done great things to earn the respect and position he had been given.  Then again, there is always an agenda. 
As the scene faded, I saw an older version of myself living in an extravagant Colonial house.  The house was breathtaking, and might I add, sick.   It was much like a southern plantation: a massive front yard, beautifully manicured with flowers abundant.  The house itself was huge.  It was white, with six large marble columns at the front entrance.  Inside, the house was equally exquisite.  Upon entering, it had a beautiful crystal chandelier with a large staircase and ivory handrails.  The floor was mahogany wood and the walls were covered in murals and artwork.  Two large statues were in the foyer, one of Alexander the Great and the other of Napoleon.  Each had been hand-carved from solid blocks of marble.  The house had Cathedral ceilings so high one would have to strain their neck to see to the top.  I had servants and fancy dogs.  The list of sumptuous things is too long to list.  I then noticed a woman sitting at a vanity in the master bedroom on the fourth floor.  I examined the mysterious beauty with a caramel complexion and soft honey eyes as she brushed her hair, which fell perfectly into place with each stroke.  Captivated, I heard her call out my name as she seductively stood from her seat.  She wore a silk robe perfectly draped.  I was unable to overlook her beauty, the outline of her frame, her manicured hands, and her bronze complexion in the light.  With an angelic stride, she moistened her lips with her tongue and smiled radiantly.  She was spellbinding.  Butterflies fluttered rapidly in my stomach as she descended from the top of the stairs.  As she drew near her aroma flooded my chemical senses, which I found sophisticated and pleasing.   Now stopping in front of me, she slowly raised her arms and wrapped them gently around my neck.  She simultaneously wrapped her leg around my waist and fell backwards, releasing a flirtatious laugh.  Feeling a bit uncomfortable, I examined her more thoroughly as she slowly stood and placed the palms of her hands against my face.  Butterfly effect, I felt a rush of energy swimming through my veins.  I turned to look at Tribulation who was now standing at my side expressing a look of delight, or was it a look of destruction, deceit?  I then felt a spinning sensation as I took a step back, becoming dizzy.  Closing my eyes, I opened them seconds later and was somewhere else.
I was at a battlefield.  At first the battlefield looked as if it was millions of ants.  But upon further inspection, I realized that they were not ants but millions of people and as far one could see, in every direction.  I saw two clear, distinct sides preparing for battle.   Knowing without knowing, I knew one side was the Light Workers, the other Dark Siders.  I saw huge beasts on each side resembling dinosaurs, although much different than we know them to be. They were armed from head to toe and each of the massive beasts had one or two riders in a carriage, holding reigns to guide them. 
Some of weaponry I saw was much different than weapons you or I would imagine seeing. Although, I did see a few traditional weapons: blades, pikes, arrows, and guns.  As I continued observation I realized that each side had animals.  The Light Workers had animals running around freely, while the Dark Siders caged, taunted, starved, and beat their animals.  The sun was not present in the sky and the clouds possessed an ominous red tint.  I heard battle horns blaze as the roar of the soldiers echoed in my mind, commencing the battle.  It was an intense moment as blood began to fly and cries for mercy rang.   I witnessed Dark Siders rip off limbs of Light Workers; I heard agonizing screams as Dark Siders devoured flesh.  I saw Light Workers do things that would defy our basic understanding of certain principles placed on our three dimensional world.  I saw creatures inhabit the sky much like the one I had seen at my place on both sides.  Other creatures, alien in nature, terrorized from the sky above.  Some shot steady flames from their mouths, others electric pulses.  I witnessed sorcerers cast spells and Light Workers jump high in the air above, shining light below.  The light was extremely bright and when it came in contact with Dark Siders it would instantly incinerate them.  
Feeling a spinning sensation, the picture began to fade.  Becoming dizzy, I closed my eyes, and seconds later opened them to find myself at my apartment with Tribulation standing over me.  Smiling ear to ear, with a mischievous look inhabiting his face,  
"What was all that?" I asked disquiet,
"It's the future, whether you choose to embrace it or not.  Of course it's not exact because there are variables that can't be accounted for, due to the human nature of choice," he said grinning.  Bear witness to his mood change, becoming angry.  His face turned dark and cold.  
"Fisher, you are what we gamblers call a wild card.  You see, you hold more power than you realize.  Can't you see?  They need you, you don't need them.  I admire that about you humans.  I know that you are a well-rounded and intelligent young man.  I am not here to flatter you or to lead you into making an irrational decision.  I sympathize for you and understand everything you could have potentially.  Do you not question what you're being told?  Damnation . . . really?  Fisher, the future is what it is and will be.  These are the words you should consider.  You may just choose a path that has ran its race.  I'm sorry if I come across as aggressive, but I don't like to sugarcoat things.  I will tell you upfront what is and what will be.  With that being said, I want you to know that I can protect you from the dark beings, if you decide you want that." A brief pause developed.
"I will, however, need your commitment," he said with an enchanting grin. 
"Fisher, you would be like me," beginning to raise his voice, expressing enthusiasm while lifting his hands into the air,  
"A person of authority who is able to manipulate and manifest, a person who is able to control the Dark beings," he said as he winked.   
"You saw the life you could have and the things I can give you.  You will be somebody.  I can give you a life beyond your wildest dreams.  You will have powers beyond the exterior of your world.  All you have to do is commit to our ways.  I will give you everything your heart desires.  Forget about all this dimension nonsense, forget about this life, the only dimension you should worry about is the eternal dimension!" 
*
Voice:
"Death is absolute; the final awakening."
*
I mulled over his proposition, letting everything I had seen and heard sink in.  For the first time I began to question my role as a Light Worker.  Having not known a lot of the extreme division, I considered taking him up on his proposition as my reasoning kicked in.  As Tribulation paced my apartment, I could sense he was growing impatient.  He seemed to get more and more agitated with each passing second.  It was tempting, yes.  What would you do?  With a perplexing choice at hand, I weighed my options and remembered what my Mother had instilled in me growing up: 'When something sounds too good to be true, it's because it is.' I arrived at my conclusion, a decision I hoped I would not come to regret.  
"I'm sorry Tribulation, I appreciate this opportunity, but I'm going to have to pass."
"Well, if you change your mind let me know," he said as he smiled, shaking his head in disapproval.  As he turned to leave, abruptly stopped and turned back towards me.  He looked at me like I had waged war on a Country with the avidity of oil.
"Oh!  Before I forget, one more little minute factor to consider," he said.  
"If you think the dark beings you encountered were bad, they were nothing.  I was holding the others back.  But now that you have chosen your path, the others will be delighted to make your acquaintance."  I kept waiting to wake up and realize this had been a dream, but I knew this was too real.  As I sat in bed I stared into Tribulation's eyes and watched them begin to glow red as he laughed deviously.  In a moment's breath, he lifted his right hand, and with a snap of his fingers, disappeared into thin air.  I looked around the room and saw no signs of him anywhere.  Seconds later, after taking a couple of deep breaths to regain my composure, I heard Tribulation's voice.  I turned toward the voice but saw no one.
"Get ready my friend, we are going to become close friends, you and I."  Then I heard a sinister laugh from my left.  I slowly stood up out of bed and tried to be as calm and as still as possible.  As my window flew open, letting a strong flow of air into my room scattering papers.  I took a step toward the window and felt a heavy blow against my chest, taking my breath and sending me flying backwards through the air.  I landed hard on the wood floor, struggling to breathe.  I slowly stood and felt light headed, falling into my bed.  Hunched over now holding my stomach, I felt a throbbing pain as I scanned the room.
After roughly twenty minutes, fortunately for me, I did not receive any further aggressions, iHere, I came to realization that this dimension thing was crazier and far more in depth than I had ever imagined.  I also had a suspicion that the worst was yet to come.  Lying down in bed, I closed my eyes thinking that I need to get some rest.  With my mind racing, I felt another presence in my room. 
I felt a crawling sensation on my legs that came from beneath the covers.  Tossing aside my comforter, snakes were covering my sheets and slithering on me.  I jumped out of bed and hit the light, to find snakes everywhere.  They were coming out of the sink drains, falling from cabinets, covering my counter tops, underneath the doorway, coming through vents and from inside the stove.  Within seconds there were thousands that had managed to cover every square inch of my apartment, and all coming towards me.  Having a fear of snakes is one thing, but having a fear of snakes and having thousands of them slithering towards you can be overwhelming.  Absorbing the scope of the circumstance, I suddenly felt sick to my stomach and tasted the effect of pre-vomit.   
Scanning my room I became aware of an old guy in the corner holding a staff with a crystal ball mounted on top.  He wore a dark cloak and the shadow cast from his hood covered his face.  Only his lips were visible to me, and I watched them mutter something to himself.  I strained to listen but couldn't make out any specific words.  I then noticed the crystal ball on top of his staff flashing much like a strobe light.  
"Stop doing this to me old man!  Leave me alone!"  I yelled.  I waited for a response of some kind, but received none.  I then took a few steps toward the door of my apartment to get a better look and saw that he was very old.  His eyes were crystallized over, resembling smoked glass and similar to what I had seen earlier. 'He, too, must be blind,' I thought.  Well, with snakes covering every inch of my room, I decided to make a run for my marble, thinking it may help.  Scanning my apartment, I caught a glimpse of the marble rolling along the backs of snakes at the counter.  Quivering at the thought of grabbing it, I conjured the courage to try.  The marble was a good ten or so feet away.  I took as large of strides as possible, stepping on snakes and feeling them squish between my toes as they coiled and hissed beneath me.  When I arrived at the counter I slowly reached for the marble.  As I did a snake assumed an S curve and made a strike for my hand.  Jumping back, I retracted my hand just in time to not get bit.  I had to get the marble.  With snakes coiling beneath me, hissing filled my ears.  I built up the courage for a second attempt and quickly snatched the marble.  Meanwhile, a snake managed to anchor its tail around my forearm.  I formed a fist and clutched the marble tightly in my hand as I struggled to rid the snake.  I shook my hand a few times but the snake would not break free. With my free hand I grabbed the snake's tail and jerked it free of its hold, sending it flying through the air before hitting my wall.  I closed my eyes and thought of being at the park, on a bench.  I opened them hoping to be at the park, but nothing had changed.  I was still at my place.  The snakes somehow seemed to be multiplying.  I tried to stand perfectly still, hoping to avoid being bitten.  I felt the snakes as deep as my ankles.  As I looked down, I could no longer see my feet.  The snakes had multiplied at such a fast pace that if I didn't do something soon, I could literally be up to my ears in snakes.  I turned and looked at the old guy still in the corner of my room muttering to himself.  I held out my hand, palm up with the marble in the center of my palm and yelled,
"Leave old man." Only my command facilitated nothing.  The snakes had now piled up to my knees and in the same stance I closed my eyes trying to focus.  'No more snakes old man.'  I focused on the thought.  When the marble began to spin as a sense of excitement rushed through my veins.  Witnessing the marble begin to levitate off of my palm.  Light began to emerge, and with my now-closed eyes I felt an increasing heat from the marble.   Upon opening my eyes to see the light grow into a blazing ball of white light.  Not capable of withstanding the intensity of the blaze, I closed my eyes becoming aware of the blaze deploy.  With a blast of heat along with a surge of wind as the light consumed the room.  Seconds later the marble descended safely to my palm.  As I opened my eyes and turned in a three hundred and sixty degree motion, I saw my apartment both now snake-ridden and old man-less.  Wow!  Talk about taking out the trash.  I took a deep breath and slowly exhaled.  In a delayed reaction, my body quivered at the thought of all the snakes as I placed the marble in the front pocket of my sweat pants and headed for the fridge.  At the fridge, I opened the door and grabbed a water bottle, chugging it. (Now would probably not be the best time to disclose that the world is running out of water.)  Finishing the water in record time, I walked to my bed, took a seat at the foot, and fell onto my back. 
As my heart settled to its normal rhythm, my mind was stuck on socraze.  Looking up at the sky, I thought I heard someone laughing.  Sitting up in bed I scanned the immediate vicinity but saw nothing.  Accepting the fact that my alphabet soup was missing a few of the letters, something was about to go down.  Sitting motionless I heard it again, but this time much louder and much closer.  Closing my eyes, I wanted to pinpoint the direction the noise had originated.  But heard a loud scream as if right in my ear.  The scream was horrific, like feedback from speakers.  With my eardrums ringing, I covered my ears with my hands and opened my eyes, observing a woman standing in my room mere feet from me.  I scooted backwards in my bed and stared at the woman who portrayed a panicked look about her.  She had the same bright-red eyes that glowed.  I was momentarily caught off guard as she raised her left arm with her index finger, extending toward me while saying something to herself.  Nervous and a bit afraid, she had nappy hair with chunks missing.  I could see that it was from pulling it out herself, as loose strands of hair dangled between her fingers.  Wearing a peasant dress, it reminded me of what the first settlers would have worn (Victorian era).  The dress was frilly, with lacing around the neck and long sleeves with ruffles at the cuff.  She paced the floor of my apartment, twirling her hair with her right hand while staring right at me.  Uncertain as to what may unfold, I saw what appeared to be a cat (or what was left of a cat).  The cat, mimicking the lady, paced along side her but was nothing more than a skeleton walking upright.  Seriously?  My world was really not making sense.  This cat messed with my head.  
Out of nowhere the skeleton cat jumped up on my lap and stretched out as if wanting me to pet it, letting out a soft purr.  As it nudged its head against my leg, I reached down to pet it, not knowing what else to do.  But felt nothing as my hand simply passed right through it, much like the past spirits I had encountered.  The lady showed a look of realization that I could see.  When she fell to her knees and began to cry aloud.  She buried her head into her hands, shielding her face.  Moments later she dropped her hands and with her head angled down to the floor she stood up.  Raising her head slowly, she began to foam at the mouth and sweat profusely.  Seconds passed as blood started to stream from the ducts of her eyes and simultaneously from underneath her fingertips, as she let out an excruciating scream.  I couldn't help but feel sorry for the woman whose face seemed burdened with all the sadness of the world.  But there was nothing I could do.   Just as she dropped to the floor launched into convulsions as she swung her arms around erratically.  Tossing and turning, she scratched her head and pulled out chunks of her hair.  I cringed at the sight.  Abruptly she came to a stop and stared right at me with the skeleton cat at her feet.  Waiting for the other shoe to fall, she slowly stood and walked toward the window.  With complete focus she opened the blinds and looked out.  Seconds later she turned toward me with blood-filled eyes and reached for her neck, my eyes drawn to a small gold chain with a small charm dangling from it.  She wrapped her slender fingers around the charm and formed her hand into a fist and yanked, sending pieces falling to the ground.   With the chain grasped between her fingers she extended it toward me.  I stood up out of bed and slowly walked toward her as tears of blood raced down her cheeks.  I grabbed the necklace, which felt hot, and opened the charm to reveal a picture of a younger her.  The other picture in the locket was of a man who I assumed to be her husband or lost love.  The pictures were old, black and white and hard to make out, but it was unmistakably her.  
As my eyes glazed over, I looked up as she had withdrawn her arms in tight while interlocking her fingers and placing them over her heart.  She revealed a faint smile, I reached toward her thinking I could comfort her.  As I did she started to shake wildly, like one being electrocuted, and combusted in a furry of flames.  In shock, I slowly stepped back.   It was as if someone had covered her body with gasoline and lit a match.  I struggled to watch as she fell to her knees, then to all fours.  She began scraping the floor of my apartment, digging her fingernails into the wood flooring.  She was gouging the form of a cross I realized.  'Why isn't she screaming now?'  She simply looked up at me with bloody tears racing down her face.  I then heard her emit a nightmarish, blood-curdling scream that was louder and more intense than before.  I stood, mortified, as the woman shriveled before my eyes.  She appeared to be in agonizing pain, and I turned away unable to bear the sight.  When the screaming was no longer heard, I glanced down at the necklace in my hand, but it wasn't there.  All that remained was a small pile of ash in the center of my palm.  I looked for the lady or the cat, but both were gone.  For the love of God.  She was burnt alive!  Feeling upset and sick to my stomach, I headed to the restroom while thinking, 'what a life.  She seemed tortured, miserable, and always crying.  Why had she come to me?  What was that about?'   I looked at the clock that read three-thirty-three a.m. and realized that I was not going to bed.  Well, I could go to bed, but I wouldn't be able to sleep, that much was obvious.  As I walked toward my bed my mind raced as the most recent encounter flashed in my head.  I sat in bed looking around the room, wondering what more was to come.
I wanted to stay awake but knew that I couldn't fall asleep.  I had no interest in being startled by yet another unexpected visitor.   In bed I scanned the local neighborhood in hopes of seeing something entertaining but found nothing of the sort.  Everyone I saw was fast asleep as they should have been.  Beginning to feel my eyelids weigh heavier, I could no longer deny my state of exhaustion.  In bed, I closed my eyes, but at the moment I still found myself bargaining with the sleep dealer.  I now heard movements outside originating from the nearby trees.  I looked and visualized two dark figures.  I strained my eyes to focus but couldn't make them out, due both to the darkness and my lack of concentration from lack of sleep.   I saw the tree limbs shaking and could hear the rustling of leaves in the dark.  As I got out of bed and slowly walked toward my window.  Just as the movement coming from the branches had stopped.  Frustrated at this point, I decided to throw on some shoes and proceed downstairs.  Not sure what to do or what to expect, I wished again for this night to be over.  
Now outside, I looked up from the base of the tree to see two weird, troll-looking creatures looking back at me.  Eyes red, them snickering.  Their laugh was wicked and unsettling. 
"We got you, we got you," one of them in a low raspy voice said laughingly.  I froze as one of them descended toward me while laughing, grunting, and breathing hard with excitement.  The other creature clapped excitedly, as if encouraging him.  The approaching creature arrived at the tree limb nearest me and swooped down as a monkey would in a tree, now suspended from the branch above with one arm locked in position and the other dangling.  The creature, while swinging back and forth, maintained an icy stare.  Not wanting to show fear, I stared back.
"We got you, we got you," the creature declared matter of factly, and then laughed a peculiar and wicked laugh.  The creature had long, muscular arms and teeth like that of a possum.  It had horns that curved out of its foolishly disproportionate head.  Unable to look away and wanting to stand my ground, I locked eyes with the creature.  The creature tilted its head back and in a head butt motion, swung it forward while simultaneously releasing green mucus from its mouth.  It had happened so fast that I could not react.  The mucus hit me square in the face, covering my eyes and blinding me.  I quickly bent down and tried to wipe whatever it was off.  It felt warm, slimy and thick, like snot.  It also left a bitter taste in my mouth.  Somehow in the process I had managed to get some in my mouth, as I gagged at its unbearable taste.
I quickly turned and made a beeline for my building.  I ran up the stairs to my apartment, and once inside went to my bathroom and ran water in the sink.  I submerged my head and with both hands began to wipe the mucus from my face.  After drying my face with a towel I grabbed some mouthwash and took a chug straight from the bottle, swishing the mouthwash around in my mouth until I could no longer taste the unsettling mucus.  I then ran to the window and peered out in search of the goblins/ demons/ leprechauns/ troll-like things, but they had vanished.  Upset and not wanting to be a participant in any further charades, I closed the blinds to my window and walked to my bed.
Sitting in bed, I waited for whatever was next.  Running through everything that had happened thus far in my mind, I couldn't stop wondering why this was happening.  I mean, what's the point?  I knew however that it would only be a matter of time before I would receive another visitor.  Sitting upright in my bed, twenty minutes had passed when my lights began to flicker in and out as if the power were fading.  My computer monitor began to flicker as well as the lights continued to fade in and out.  My heartbeat began to escalate as my sixth sense told me that something was about to happen.  All of a sudden the door of my apartment swung violently open.  I felt an intense gust of wind as a mini-tornado entered my room.  In an explosion of activity, my mind drummed with the caws and coos of ravens, and saw along my walls the physical outlines and shadows of hundreds of birds.  Only, I couldn't see any physical birds, just their shadows.  Judging from the shadows reflecting on my walls, there had to have been hundreds of them circling my room, all cawing persistently.  In spite of the constant gust of wind, I raised one arm in attempt to shield my face.  Somewhat of a blur, but I saw a man enter my apartment.  He wore a black cloak and stood over seven feet tall.  Shielding his face with a long hood, I could not make out any particular facial features.  I was forced to blink in order to keep my eyes from becoming dry as he took a step into my room.  As he did the light bulbs began to burst as if under intense pressure.  I shielded my face with my hands for fear of the shrapnel-like glass.  I could hear whomever it was, walking towards me:  Step?step?.stop.  The gusts of wind began to die enough to where I was able to open my eyes.  I could see the figure's outline as it reached up with both arms, extending them toward the sky.  I saw large, white powdery hands with long pointy fingernails.  I stared in awe as it slowly began to lower its hood.  A shaved head, with long, narrow red eyes that pierced the darkness came into focus.  The creature took a deep breath of air as it tilted its head back, and with steam rising from its body, I saw its white, fog-like breath.   
"You should reconsider your choice, Fisher," the creature said in a dark, hoarse voice. 
"I am one of many," it continued. 
"And there is nothing you or anyone else can do to stop us."  I looked into its red eyes and instinctively knew who he was.  In sight of the sores and boils covering his face,
"Who are you?"  I asked, waiting for confirmation.  Finding humor in my question, he laughed as if I had shared a joke.
"I am Beelzebub's right hand, Satan on earth.  I am many names, you know me as Meth."  Feeling my heart skip a beat, I scooted back towards the headboard of my bed.
"Don't be afraid.  I am not here to hurt or harm you.  I'm here to show you our way.  You'll see that we think along the same lines," as he laughed.  I found no humor in his pathetic attempt.  He continued, 
"Well, never mind that.  You see, I don't have to get you, I can get to you," followed with yet another sinister laugh.  I felt my blood begin to boil.  I had witnessed what it is capable of first and second hand as it destroys everything in its path: the countless lives, families, and friendships.  Infuriated and knowing that he wouldn't harm me, I jumped out of bed and got right in his face.  Looking into his glowing red eyes I saw all the lives and countless families he had torn apart.  I saw into its soul.  The sole purpose of its existence was to cause suffering and bring chaos.
"I will never be on your side.  You just messed up by coming here.  You, of all people, of all things, I hate more than anything.  I will someday see you again, and I will someday get rid of you once and for all."  As he reached for his hood and began stepping back, he lifted his left hand and ignited a small flame on the tip of his index finger.  In a dead stare, he moved his flame-lit finger toward his face and grinned.  I stared flabbergasted, as he inhaled a breath of air and blew directly into the flame.  The small flame grew into a massive blaze, and it was now heading straight at me.  Shielding my face with my hands, I turned in a falling motion to my bed and felt a blanket of heat pass over me.  Seconds later, I sat up in bed to find that he had vanished.  I then looked out onto the street and witnessed the streetlights overhead, fading in and out and then exploding.  As I looked in the direction of the destruction, I hoped to see the creature but to no avail.  
Enraged and pacing the floor of my apartment, I was as mad as a bear that has been robbed of her cubs.  I was as mad as I have ever remembered being in my entire life.  If there was one demon in this world that I wanted dead, it was he.  After a few minutes my nerves began to settle, but only after convincing myself that someday I would have retribution. 
In the bathroom, looking into the mirror I observed my aura glowing much brighter than normal.  The questions running through head were: Why?  How?  How long?  I realized that it must have had been when I got upset with Meth.  Whatever the reason, I seemed to be shining more brightly than before joined with the feeling that this was a good thing.  I then stepped out of the bathroom and saw Comfort standing in my room with the door closed behind her.  However, something felt awry.  Comfort stood with a blank, lifeless expression on her face.  She had no aura and I didn't feel a familiar vibe like usual.  She was looking at the clock as she smiled.
"Fisher, what are you doing up this late?" she asked in a monotone as she started her approach toward me.  Nervous and feeling displaced, I saw her begin to pick up her stride into a jog as she jumped toward me.  In midair her eyes turned red and her face began to cut away like puzzle pieces, falling to the ground below.  As the disguise wore thin, a much different figure emerged.  The face was mean and angry.  It jumped from a good fifteen feet away and glided across the room with wings that began to expand as the creature extended its arms.  With its legs parallel to the floor, the creature had webbed feet that were large in proportion to its body.  Frozen in disbelief, I ducked as the figure fully transformed and swung its arm outward toward me.  I ducked and rolled as I felt a rush of air above me from the thrust of the creature's arm.  Its claws had come within inches of my neck.  I rolled over onto my back and the creature flew out of the room.  The face I saw resembled that of a Doberman pincher's with ears short and chopped.  Looking at the creature from behind, I noticed horns running the length of its spine.  The creature's tail was long like a whip with tassels at the tip.  I could also make out that its tail was embedded with intertwined razor sharp bones.  It moved quickly and with ease as it gracefully flew through the air. With each thrust of its wings it appeared to glide a distance of a few hundred yards.  Positioned in front of the full moon, the creature opened its wings, seeming able to levitate midair as it let out a nightmarish howl.  With its face trained on me, its eyes shinned red as it retracted its wings close and tight to its body.  It then turned, angling its body and falling head first to the ground.  Seconds later in an explosion of energy it extended its arms, fully transforming its wings.   Directing his momentum toward me releasing a screeching wail.  The creature flapped its wings with intensity as it barreled toward me.  I realized that I was a sitting duck.  I quickly reached into my pocket and retrieved the marble, placing it in my palm.  I thought, 'monster leave.'  The marble began to spin wildly in my palm and slowly began to levitate.  Within seconds the familiar light emerged, then grew into a blaze, just as before.  I looked at the flying monstrosity and saw it raise one of its arms to shield its eyes while continuing on its trajectory.  With my hand beginning to shake, I clinched my other hand into a fist.  The creature was yards away as it growled, snapping its head from left to right.  Then, the creature stopped in midair, upright and vertical to me as the light from the marble washed over my attacker.  The flying creature seemed to absorb the light as it opened its wings and flexed its body in obvious pain.  I heard the creature howl and watched for as long as I could, turning when the light became too bright for my eyes.  Seconds later I felt the marble fall into my palm.  I turned back to look to now see tiny pieces of ash slowly drifting to the ground.   I let out the breath I had been holding and felt tired, weak and thirsty.  I was in a daze and headed to the fridge for some water.  I felt as thirsty as a child living without running water.   After polishing it off I felt revived and thankful to be alive.  I then headed to my computer, hoping to take my mind off the obvious.
Exhausted but still unable to sleep, I aimlessly searched the web when a Windows' media player video feed popped up.  The video at first was fuzzy, but as the picture gained focus I saw a silhouette of a woman walking into frame wearing a silver silk dress.  It was Order.  I felt the marble spinning in my pocket as I stared at the screen,
"Fisher, I'm glad to see you're doing well.  I apologize once again for not being there to help.  It saddens me to think that it may be sometime before we can meet again." 
"What are you talking about?" I asked impatiently.
"I must see you, I need help." I pleaded as I noticed a large monstrosity in the distance charging toward her.
"Behind you!" I yelled into the screen.   In reaction, Order turned and began to speak aloud in the Other World tongue.  She raised her arms toward the creature as a light developed from her.  Mere seconds, when I witnessed the creature shatter into millions of particles of light. 
"Where are you?" I asked
"It's a place you too will see," she offered with a smile. 
"It co-exists with your planet.  A parallel universe if you will, a place that exists of that which doesn't from your perspective.  The ones that live here are condemned and cannot pass through into your world.  The ones here are growing strong and rebelling more with each passing day.  Soon we will have to wage war against them.  Until that day we must survive, for without us your world will perish."  As the picture began to fade in and out, I heard Order say something but was too garbled.  The screen blinked in and out and I was left with nothing more than static.  Staring into the blank screen I saw a figure appear in the midst of the white noise.  It was a vague outline of a silhouette that I could not make out.  Then I heard a voice, 
"Stop now or you too will die like your friend."  This was followed by a sinister laugh.
"You're lying, Order is not dead!" I yelled in anger.  Then I heard a woman's voice, which sounded much like Orders,  
"Fisher, you're a Light Warrior.  With you on our side we will prevail, it's your calling." the voice struggled sounding as if, in fact, on their deathbed.
"It is prophecy . . . fulfilled," then nothing but white noise.  Out of frustration, I shook the monitor in futility.  I felt every possible emotion come over me as I fell to my knees and cried aloud.  Tears streamed down my cheeks as I entertained the idea of accepting that Order was dead and face to face with my reality that I had no idea what to do next. 
I felt lost with no one to turn to for help or guidance.  I could feel my lack of sleep taking its toll.  After moments of sulking, rational thinking began to filter into my mind.  I questioned.  Was it Order?  Did she die?  I was upset that I was unable to trust my own rationale.  I tried to convince myself that it was a hoax and that it couldn't have been real.  After all, if they can appear to look like Comfort, why can't they look like Order, or sound like her too?  I paced around the room, running through all the possible deviations of what could have happened.  I came to the realization that I was going to follow this to the end, that I was involved whether I liked it or not.  If nothing else, I had to avenge all the people that had namelessly lived or are still living in order to give us life, 'the heroes who are too often forgotten.'  I become conscious of the fact that without their courageous struggles, the life we know could never have existed.  
*
Voice:
"From an evolutionary perspective you are not so different from the caveman.  In your time, you stand on the shoulders of thousands of man-years of knowledge generated by previous generations.  Sure, you have your airplanes, spaceships, computers, phone's, microwaves, but hold that thought.  Biologically, you're pretty much in the same melting pot.  Primitive, in that you still wage wars against other tribes, steal their gold, want for more than you need, desire each others' mates, believe in a God to benefit those under its mighty lightening bolt."
*
Sitting Indian style on the floor of my apartment the sun peaked over the trees in the distance, confirming that this night I would go sleepless.  I turned to look at the clock that read, Five a.m.  Exhausted, I decided to take a quick shower then put on some clean clothes.  I stepped outside and inhaled a deep breath of fresh air as I felt the sun warm my skin.  I heard birds chirping away in perfect harmony, and at that moment a smile came over me as I felt the birth of a new day.  This helped relieve my stress and built-up anxiety and left me feeling good for a change.  With a new pep in my step, I began walking toward the coffee house.  Becoming aware of people up and doing things, which I found odd, as it was so early.  I pulled out my phone and checked the time, Five-forty A.M.  What?  I smiled and realized that I was never up this early.  It was a nice, wholesome-feeling change of pace.  En route, I enjoyed the little things like frost on car windows and how the light at this hour looked marvelously different reflecting off a mailbox I passed everyday.  Most people I passed seemed friendly.  I saw others, presumably Dark Siders, who would growl as I passed but didn't really seem to want to bother me.  Some seemed straight off a page in a history book, others looked like normal people.  This observation was strictly based off of their attire and outward appearance.  For every four human beings, I would see one or two Dark Siders.   I received glares and other weird looks from everyday citizens who I passed.  But overall it was nice having a moment of tranquility without more startling confrontations.  
Minutes later I arrived at the coffee shop in the midst of a lot of older people. 'Okay, this is when the older crowd hangs out, before the younger crowd gets up,' I thought to myself and smiled.  Upon entering I felt everyone turn and stare, speculating that what they were thinking was, 'That kid definitely didn't go to bed last night.'  At least that was the look?   I grinned to myself and realized that I must look as out of place as I felt.  I then proceeded toward the counter and ordered my usual from the cute girl at the register.  After paying, I asked for my change in pennies, and waited in the designated area.  Shortly after, I received my coffee, added two Splendas and poured an inch of whole milk into my coffee.  Tasting my creation I felt instant gratification.  I looked around the coffee house and saw the only available seat was located outside, and turned to exit.  I grabbed an empty seat at the table that was within earshot of a couple of older men.  They were contently carrying on a conversation amongst themselves.  Wearing a smile and feeling alert and alive, I sat in the chair and observed life while feeling extremely satisfied.  All of a sudden, one of the older men tapped me on the shoulder. 
"Young man, you should go to bed.  You look like you just saw a ghost."  Turning towards him I grinned and replied, 
"Well if I went home I couldn't enjoy your company.  I would sleep if I could, but then the day would be shot leaving me in this same position tomorrow."  His eyes expanded as he turned to look at his buddy.  I saw his buddy shrug his shoulders as the man in front of me turned back around while extending his right arm.
"My name is Raymond, and this here is my worthless friend, the snidest old man you'll ever meet, Eugene."  I accepted their handshakes.  Eugene, deep in thought, asked,
"I'm curious kid.  What happened to you last night?  You look worse than us.  And were supposed to be the walking dead." 
"Well, rolling in the hay isn't just for horses," I replied as I raised my brows, grinning.  Eugene rolled his eyes and turned to look at Raymond who was laughing.
"I'm no farmer, but I can smell manure a mile away.  All I know is I don't want to be standing beside you when lightning strikes."  And with that, Eugene comically dismissed me with a motion of his arm.
I laughed at their expressions and engaged in small talk while looking around.  I had never really fully appreciated what and who was around this place.  I contemplated how your perspective changes when you learn or experience something new or different, and how everything one thinks they know is relative.
At this point in time, under these circumstances, I was as happy as one could be in a moment.  I continued conversations with Eugene and Raymond for a good hour.  I enjoyed their stories and positive outlook on life, and not-to-forget, great humor.  I said my good-bye to them and decided to head home with hopes that Comfort would be awake.  I wanted to share with her my latest revelation.  On the way home I concluded that it would be best for me to not tell her everything, mentally citing how freaked out she got over Old Yeller.
Back to Contents



Chapter: Ten.

I arrived at my place to find a note folded over and taped to my front door.  It happened to be from a school guidance counselor who had stopped by, and read that I needed to contact her as soon as possible.  I followed suit, and she asked that I stop by her office for a meeting and I agreed.  She stated that it was imperative that I come prior to class that morning.  Despite my hesitation I agreed and told her I would head that way.  I then looked over to Comfort's place and saw her still asleep as I continued downstairs to my car.  Starting the drive to school, it wasn't long until I arrived at the student parking lot and parked.  I walked toward the admissions building and located the counselor's area while feeling a bit nervous.  Perhaps I was more anxious than nervous.  After locating the counselor's name to the coordinating room, I popped my head into the room and was invited inside.
"Would you mind talking with one of the local professors?" the counselor asked with a country drawl.  Unknowing what exactly she was talking about, I simply shrugged my shoulders, 
"Sure, I don't see any problem with that," I replied.  Absorbing a seat in her small but adequate office, about the size of a jail cell and fittingly painted institutional grey.  Minutes passed, but at the time it felt like hours.  I felt like I had been trapped in a time warp as the clock on the wall appeared to move at half speed.  There was a stony silence until finally a man entered the room.  He was dressed in a baby blue, oxford button down collared shirt, with dark comfort slacks.  He had a clipboard in hand and smiled as he approached.
"I'm Professor Sheward."   Under normal circumstances I don't make it a habit of trusting anyone that wears button-up shirts, watches, or belts.  As he extended a handshake, I stood out of respect and shook his hand.  He thoroughly examined my appearance and attire, then said,
"Did you have a rough night?  You don't look so good." I grinned, knowing that was among the common consensus in so many ways. 
"Yeah, sorry, I haven't been sleeping much these days," I replied as he grabbed a seat in the empty chair next to mine.  The Professor tipped his chair back and grabbed hold of the door, and then thrust the door closed.  As I settled into my seat there was a moment of awkward silence.  I sat waiting, speculating, and feeling as if they were planning on telling me something tragic.  The counselor peered into her computer, which was positioned in front of her atop her desk,
"Tell me about your attendance," the counselor asked suspiciously while lowering her glasses and turning to look at me.  I answered the open question to the best of my ability, with work being my logical excuse.  She then proceeded with explaining the school's policies and how professors had obligations to email counselors when they have students act irregular.  
"What do you mean, act irregular?" I asked, cloudy with a chance of rain.  Under fire, I was hit with an intense craving for coffee as I tried to piece the puzzle together what was happening exactly.   The craving for coffee grew more intense.  Perhaps it was the power of suggestion since on the desk in front of me sat a sterling silver mug filled with a fresh cup of brew. 
I don't know what came over me but without worry of repercussion, I leaned forward and grasped the cup.  It felt warm, and I found the curvature of the design pleasant in my hand.  I raised the mug to my mouth and took a sip, feeling an explosion of taste in my mouth.  I was instantly satisfied and for some reason coffee had never tasted so good.    
"Excuse me," the counselor interjected, stunned by what I had done.  Wiping my mouth with my forearm, I looked down at the mug grasped in my hand and felt naked at a library.  I returned the coffee cup to her desk as a look of shock inhabited her face. 
"Well, for example, in your Computer Basics class and your Psychology class, i.e. your lastest two class periods."  The counselor picked up on her previous train of thought, unable to dismiss the incident; a distasteful expression grew on her face.  All of a sudden I felt hot and started to itch all over as my comfort level changed.  A bad feeling by the name of neighbor had moved into the house for rent across the street.
"Okay, I apologize.  I have had a lot on my mind, but I assure you everything will get back on track. I promise." I forced a fake smile as my hands shook and I felt my bottom lip beginning to quiver.   Goosebumps consumed my body.  The professor who was sitting next to me had not said much, but now cleared his throat and angled his body towards me while leaning forward in his chair.
"Fisher, I am a Psychologist by trade, but think of me as a friend." He smiled strangely and continued, 
"I have a few questions that I need to ask you."  Maintaining loose body language he looked awkwardly into my eyes.  Whoa, screech, brakes, crash!  He's so disconnected from the pulse; he probably collects stamps, watches the news and plays golf. 
"Fire away," I replied as the Professor glanced to the counselor, then back to me.  The greyhounds were out of the gate.  Despite, I felt some of the questions were not relevant.  For example, he asked what my favorite color was, what I had for breakfast, how I spend my days, etc.  'Wow!  This guy is a real wealth of knowledge,' I mused.  Also, 'how could he think I would feel safe confiding anything at all with him?  He probably has more problems than me.'  As with those that point the finger, they forget three are pointing back at them.  Still, I endured their little game of accepted science and answered the questions with the best of my ability.  Once finished, the school counselor asked that I have a seat outside stating that they needed to discuss a few things in private.  I obliged and excused myself, grabbing a seat in the commons area.
It was one of those days where it seems like you get stopped at every traffic light, or rocking a fresh pair of white kicks that everyone seems to step on.  It felt like everyone that passed was staring at me.  I know it wasn't my best day, but come on.  We all have those days, but then again, more than most people only think in terms of what's relative, or relevant to them.  After waiting a good fifteen minutes, the professor exited the room.  I stood up out of my seat and made my approach back toward the office.  At this point I tried to transform into a tiger and pounce, but failed in my attempt.  I simply smiled, and with a friendly gesture, shook his hand. 
"It was nice to meet you Fisher," he said while wearing a plastic grin on his face.  He turned to leave as the counselor, standing in the doorway to her office, invited me back in.  Upon entry I grabbed one of the empty chairs and sensed a change in her body language.
*
Voice:
"Some Ninety percent of human interaction takes place in the form of body language."
*
The counselor struck me as troubled, in doubt, or possibly constipated?  Nevertheless, the vibe was as if she was about to reveal some cataclysmic information.  (Like tunnel vision, or the road disaster we are unable to simply repave.)  Sitting at her desk, the counselor peered into her computer.  After taking a deep breath, she let it out and started to fidget with her pen.  She cleared her voice and scooted her coffee cup to the side with a distasteful expression.
"Fisher, we have contacted your parents in this matter."  
"My parents?" I interjected.  
"What do they have to do with this?"  I asked, appalled.
"Well, we understand that school pressure can sometimes be overwhelming.  You're not the first person to experience this.  I have spoken with each of your professors and checked your grades from each of your classes.  Your parents and I believe that it's best for you to take this semester off and maybe consider moving home for a period of time.  At least until you get back on track." The sound of her voice struck me like a tone-deaf karaoke singer.  I felt my blood beginning to boil. 
"You're kidding me right?  This is my only option?" I asked, unaware that I was raising my voice. 
"Okay, I know I haven't been to class consistently, but come on, I'm not crazy."  I tried to sound reassuring as the counselor stood out of her chair and expressed a look of compassion.
"No one thinks you're crazy Fisher." a caring tone to her voice while looking at a confused expression on her face.  
"We just think that it is best for you to be in a more controlled environment."  I had already shut down; I heard not one word.  I looked at her puffy hair and caked on Avon make up.  In her two-piece pink suit, with her pretty nails and pearl necklace draped from her neck.  She would never understand.  I wanted to go off as I glared at her.  I wanted to but chose not to entertain that energy, the beast within.  I simply smiled. 
"Do you have children?" I asked.  She was appalled that I had asked such an intimate question. 
"Yes I do," she quipped, clinching her jaws, tightening her lips, and possessing a cold stare.
"That is not the matter at hand Fisher.  My children are no concern of yours and have nothing to do with this." She corrected her relaxed posture.
"Yes, I know they don't." I smiled as I weighed my next words with care. 
"I pray that your kids are nothing less than perfect.  Because for you that would be miserable, am I wrong?  True help is most often listening, not standing on the sidelines preaching or condemning those that do not share your ideals."  My eyes swelled with tears as I turned and walked towards the door.
"I'm sorry counselor, you are the last thing on my mind and to be truthfully honest, I don't really care." 
"Fisher, I am only trying to help you." She somewhat upset. 
"Good day, Fisher."  She said in a huff as I exited her office.  Door-slam, as everyone stared.  Embarrassed, I took a deep breath trying to calm my nerves and began walking toward my car, numb to any emotion.  
As I felt my phone vibrate.  I retrieved it from the front pocket of my jeans and looked at the ID which read, 'Mom work.'  Knowing a lecture was headed my way, I regrettably answered. 
"Fisher, is everything alright?" I heard before I could say hello.
"Yes Mother, exuberant," I replied in a sarcastic tone.  
"Are you doing drugs?" she asked, (the obvious alternative).
"No Mom, are you?" I countered becoming increasingly annoyed. 
"Well, you haven't been acting like yourself.  Not-to-mention you have been somewhat distant.  I mean, when was the last time you called?  You haven't come home to visit, and this morning I got a call from your school counselor stating that your grades were poor and your behavior disruptive.  How do you explain yourself?"  I felt upset at the prospect of unveiling my guarded emotion, and my eyes began to swell.
"I wish I could tell you Mom, I really do.  It's complicated.  I'm sorry, but I cant.  I have to go.  I love you," and closed my phone, for a moment hearing my Mom still speaking on the other end.  Having stopped, I stood as students from all walks of life blew by from every direction, face after face.  I felt the world spinning all around me, but I stood still.  I felt lost, alone, and plagued with questions.  Why?  Why was I being singled out?  For what cause?  To what extent?  Having truly never lived with a burden like this, I felt the weight.  Soon after, looking around the campus, I wished I could be anyone else but me.  Or be anywhere else but there.  I then walked toward my car and began the drive home. 
Upon arrival, I headed upstairs to my apartment; I sat in the corner of my room and cried.  I cried for several reasons.  I was tired of being tired.  I felt sick to my stomach.  My family thought I was on drugs, the school had kicked me out, and Comfort felt distant.  I knew deep down that the best thing to do would be to let her go.  Comfort deserved a life without a crazy boyfriend that saw ghosts or demons.  I felt lost, displaced, and more alone than ever.  I felt as an elderly person whom resides in a nursing home must feel, left to spend the rest of their days in a dormant facility, their family too proud or busy to visit or call.  With my emotions running haywire I curled up into a fetal position and cried until I couldn't produce any more tears.   Time passed with me dwelling in sorrow.  I heard movement and looked up as Tribulation had materialized in the center of my room.  I squinted and felt my eyelids weigh heavily.  After drying my eyes, in a mean demeanor I yelled, 
"What do you want from me?" 
"Kid, tough break, I'm sorry.  I really am.  But seriously, don't stress the small stuff.   This is nothing in the big picture." 
"What do you want from me?"  I yelled, feeling my throat growing sore. 
"You want to torment me some more?  Is that why you are here?" I responded as my eyes filled with tears.  
"Please, just leave me alone!  I'm not this hero or warrior you're seeking." 
"Oh, that reminds me.  I invited a couple of friends over to your place last night.  Did you get a chance to meet them?  I do hope you were hospitable."  In his sarcastic tone, Tribulation smiled,    
"Yes.  They were very well mannered.  It was truly my pleasure."  I said mirroring his tone as he bent down in front of me.  He extended his arm with his hand fully spread and reached toward my face, wiping my cheek as a single tear fell.  Upon contact with his hand I heard a sizzling sound, much like water hitting a hot skillet, and watched steam begin to rise from his finger.
"Are you ready to reconsider?  Oh, where are my manners?  Before I forget, your friend Order sends her blessings," he said, releasing a devilish grin.  I stood, angered and now face-to-face with him. 
"I will never work with you or for you.  In fact, you should leave before you really piss me off and I . . ."  
"And you what?" he interrupted. 
"You are nothing," he continued. 
"You are miniscule, and one day you will be doomed as will your Light Worker friends.  Fisher, I don't think you realize what you are up against friend.  I'm trying to help you and you mock me.  Well, this will be our last encounter, I assure you.  You will now be plagued all of your days.  I am giving a green light for your destruction.  You are one, I am many." he scowled, and turned to walk away.  Quickly, I reached into my pocket and pulled out the marble.  With his back turned I thought to myself, 'destroy Tribulation.' as the marble began to levitate from my palm.  Seconds later Tribulation turned back around.  At that moment I witnessed his eyes turn red as he transformed before my eyes into a hologram figure of himself.  He then jumped from across the room, heading straight for me, 
"You will never be as strong as I you incompetent fool!" he yelled as he shot out of the room in a flash of light, disappearing from sight as the marble descended softly to my palm.  I collapsed to the floor, feeling overwhelmed with the fact that I was in over my head with everything and everyone.  Realizing how exhausted I was, I walked over to my bed and fell headfirst into my blankets.  
Staring into the blue sky I questioned, what should I do?  As time passed I heard Comfort calling out my name.  I turned and saw Comfort standing at my door.  After a thorough examination, I realized it was the real Comfort with her white aura.  Excited, I tossed aside the blankets and jumped out of bed.  I ran toward the door and grabbed her tightly around her waist while lifting and swinging her around the room.  She smiled radiantly.
"What's this about?  You're in a good mood all of a sudden."  
"I'm just glad to see you.  I apologize for acting weird lately.  I'm just experiencing some things and I'm not really sure how to handle them."  She smiled, accepting my apology and planted a kiss.  She was freshly showered with her hair still wet and smelling amazing.  A true breath of fresh air.  I continued to swing her around the room as I stared into her deep blue eyes.  It was a moment where I forgot about everything around me, and about the world I had recently learned of.  I could only see and hear her as the sound of an orchestra accompanied by a choir of angels filled my mind.  I needed her and had truly missed her.  
Upon seeing her I had instantly found a solace that allowed me to discover my old-self, despite all the negative things that had been happening.  It didn't matter.  Nothing else mattered.  I felt energized, revived and full of life. 
"Can you hang out today?  I need to grab a shower.  I'll be quick.  Then we can go grab a bite to eat, cool?  Tonight is you and I, no one or anything else, fair?"  I asked, as she smiled.  I wore a look of contentment as I headed for the bathroom.  I quickly showered and started to get dressed while humming the melody by Toro Y Moi - blessa.  
"How did you sleep?" she yelled
"You don't want to know." I replied, opening the door.  With a grin she showed a look of puzzlement. 
"Oh, peep this.  I'm kicked out of school now as well."  Looking even more puzzled and concerned she replied, 
"What?  Are you serious?  Are being for real right now?  Why?"
"It's best for someone like me, so they say.  I think they think I'm on drugs, or crazy. Actually, probably both," I laughed.  Comfort just looked at me with a blank expression on her face.
"Well that's horrible news, why are you in such a good mood?" she asked.  
"Oh, that's not horrible," as I grinned. 
"That's nothing."  Comfort shook her head in disbelief. 
"Well, if you say so, but what are you going to do now?" she asked.
"Enjoy the time we have together," I replied with a charismatic grin.  She cleared her throat and began to fidget, then looked at me with a blank expression.  I read in her eyes that something wasn't right. 
"What's that look about?" I asked as my grin faded.
"Well, I need to talk to you."  As I grabbed a seat next to her on the bed, 
"What's up?" I asked, as she smiled. 
"Fisher, as you know I live with my brother while he finishes school."  Her eyes began to tear up.
"Yes . . ." I smiled. 
"Well, he has been offered an internship position in California that if he accepts, would start next week."
"That's bomb.  Tell him congradgumundo!  So maybe you can move in with me?"  I said, as I stood excitedly.  
"I will work more of course, but that's cool because I don't have school anymore."  Pacing the room, Comfort began to shake her head no as a tear raced down her cheek.  Looking up at me she broke the news.
"I'm moving with him." She reached for my hand and continued.
"I'm going to pursue my music career."  My stomach dropped, and all of a sudden an intense feeling hit me like I had just been plowed over by dump truck with a full load of gravel that was traveling well over the speed limit. 
"What?  I mean, when did you decide this?" I asked, feeling devastated as shock spread like venom through my veins. 
"Fisher, please don't make this any harder than it already is.  I'm so sorry, but I have to go now or I may never get to."  My body began to go numb and I felt a feeling of hurt sweep over me.  I felt abandoned.   My eyes instantly filled with tears and the butterflies fluttering in my stomach felt as if they were beginning to die.  My heart throbbed and my world crumbled all around me.  I looked at Comfort who was now crying and sat down beside her on the bed.  I leaned over and gave her a hug.  With my arms wrapped around her I held her for a few moments, and neither of us spoke.  I felt her heart beat against my chest, as a tidal wave of emotions flooded my nervous system.  
"I wish you nothing but the best, I really do."  I said, rubbing the small of her back, breaking the silence. 
"If anyone deserves it, it's you."  We looked one another in the eyes and held hands.  She let go and grabbed my face with both hands, 
"Fisher, I love you, and I always will.  I just have to do some soul searching of my own.  I know deep down you're destined for bigger and better things."  As I swallowed and wiped my nose that had started to run, I stared down at the floor and swung my feet.  I wished I was in a dream and waited to wake up, but didn't.  I saw her very real reality run out of the room to her apartment and bury her face into the pillows of her bed.
In a daze I sat in my room, motionless and speechless, for most of the day.  I occasionally walked around, but felt dizzy doing so.  I felt like giving up and moving home.  As night fell I became plagued with an onslaught of Dark Siders.  More than ever, some scarier than others, but I was no longer scared.  Nothing scared me.  In an unrelenting state of confusion, I sat in my room oblivious to them as they tried to torment me.  I watched each of the Dark Siders come and go.  Some in groups, others alone, all threatened my life and tried to scare me but couldn't.  For the first time in my life I contemplated suicide.  In the darkest hour of my life, the ideas ran across my mind of ways I could kill myself.  I had never felt that feeling, or possessed such thoughts.  The life I knew was no longer.  I felt like I had no reason to live.  I missed my family, but could not go back to my old ways.  Perhaps Tribulation was right.  I had been deserted, and now more than ever, was alone.  I slowly stood up and my feet felt as heavy as concrete blocks, my body weak and sore.  Walking towards the door, I reached up and began to turn the doorknob, but something wasn't right.  Entering the barren hallway, I was unable to walk forthright.  I fell from one side of the hall to the other, and slid my way toward the stairwell.  Concentration was not easy, as everything seemed blurred and out of focus.  I stepped down from the second floor of my building's staircase and held tightly to the railing.  Discombobulated, I lost my grasp of the railing and stumbled down a couple of stairs and fell.  Tumbling and unable to slow the speed I had gained coming off the stairs, I hit the front door hard.  In a struggle to lift my head, I felt a throbbing pain as I looked through the glass door.  I saw a gathering of Dark Siders, numbering well into the hundreds in front of my building.  Straining from pain, I stood and grabbed the handle of the door and slowly opened it and continued outside.  Staggering down the middle of the road and feeling drowsy, cars passed and honked aloud.  In a daze, emotionless to the point of being reckless, the irony of my life began to unravel.  Everything felt irrelevant as I looked around, finding comfort in the blanket of black.  In every direction Dark Siders gathered, cheered and taunted me.  As I staggered down the middle of the street I felt paralyzed as if under a spell.  For the first time in my life I felt that death held the only key to my escape.  I didn't want to die, but now welcomed death.  With the Dark Siders eyes glowing a piercing red, I wanted to find peace.  I wanted to disappear, to unexist.  
Standing in the middle of the street while looking through fog, a pair of headlights emerged.  Torn between my head and my heart, I opened my arms to embrace the oncoming lights.  I tilted my head to the sky and closed my eyes.  Drowning out the noise from the Dark Siders, I could hear a car getting closer by the second.   My motto had always been ride or die.  I could no longer ride.  I heard the squealing of tires against the pavement and a horn violently scream at me.  Seeing my idea of peace, I took one last breath.
Back to Contents



Chapter: Eleven.

Next, I recall waking up in a in a strange room and in a strange bed.  I was in a foreign place.  I strained to focus in spite of the bright overhead lights and made out a woman's silhouette standing over me.  As my eyes slowly adjusted, the woman smiled. 
"Fisher, how ya feeling, doll?" she asked in a Southern Belle accent.  Her voice felt soothing and I saw a white aura.  I smiled, understanding I was safe.
"Better butter, am I in heaven?  Are you an angel?"  I said as a smile grew on my face. 
"Oh," she blushed. 
"Thank you kindly," then continued, 
"Sweetheart, you were in an accident.  You're in Saint Johns Hospital in Lebanon." I was alive and in my hometown.
"How long have I been out?"    
"Bless your heart.  I'll send in your family, they know as much as I do.  Gimme a second," she winked, pinched my cheek, and turned to exit the room.  Observing my surroundings, I saw a cop sitting in a fold up chair at the entrance to the room.  (B96.   Suicide watch.)  Roughly two minutes later I saw my Mom, Step-Dad, Brother, and Sister rush into the room.  My Mom cried hysterically and my Brother and Sister apparently happy to see me, with tears of joy in their eyes.  
"Well, this must be my welcome home party, huh?" I said in a voice cracking with emotion as tears began to race down my face.  My Mom nodded her head with a yes and bit her curled finger between her teeth.  My brother Dallas and sister Amanda also began to cry. 
"Well, it's kind of weak.  I mean, as much as I hate to be negative Nancy, where's the music?" With that I broke the mood and their faces lit up, happy to see me in such good spirits.  Seconds later my Dad and Step Mom entered the room.  My Dad approached the bed wearing a joyous grin,
"Son, I'm supposed to go before you.  Don't you know how that works?"  He said.  Bringing a smile to my face as I tried to suppress my tears.   In realizing, I hadn't thought of the impact my irrational thinking could have brought.  I reached up and gave all my family members hugs.  I was genuinely happy to see them and newly glad to be alive.
I talked to everyone independently, and time flew by as we shared story after story of joyful times.  I enjoyed having the company, not-to-mention having lived to see another day.  It felt peaceful knowing that I had escaped a gravely different situation.  
As the night went on, we heard a knock at the door.  Everyone turned to and saw Comfort standing at the door.  Instantly butterflies began to swarm in my stomach.  She was in a simple, yet elegant skirt and her hair in bouncing curls.  She wore a long sleeve wool jacket and a pair of low-top Chucks, with a scarf wrapped around her neck.  The orchestra of angels once again played in my head, but the moment was interrupted by a beeping tone from the heart monitor.  The alarmingly annoying beeping tone was accompanied with a number, revealing to all that I was officially excited and/or nervous.  Talk about embarrassing, I blushed like a schoolboy as she entered the room.  Her eyes filled with tears in reaction to the circumstance I was in, but she rushed toward me with her arms extended as we shared a loving embrace.
"I'm so sorry Fisher, its all my fault," she said, running her fingers through my hair.  
"I love you, and I have decided to stay here in Lebanon with you."  
Wiping my tears I replied,
"Whoa, whoa, squirrelverine.  In a word, no.  You are going to California," as my voice filled with emotion. 
"You have to go to California, because I don't love you anymore," as the heart monitor sprang to life.  
"Yeah, okay.  I believe you spirit-boy." She sarcastically laughed as we stared into each other's eyes.  
"Comfort, I have things I have to do as well that require me to . . . not be bogged down.  I'm a ladies man, and there are ladies that need me.  Plus, you're kind of suffocating me." Trying to sound cool or funny I hoped to help smooth the curves of the situation.  She laughed and reached back to grab a chair to sit in, sliding it next to the bed.
"No, you have to go.  I really need some time to finger out some things and who knows, maybe someday we can meet up again?"  Beginning to cry, she reached for my hand and placed her palm in mine as she rested her head against my leg.  
A few moments passed when her Brother appeared, standing at the door as he waved, then glanced to his watch.
"Comfort it's time, what have you decided?" he asked, sensing his urgent demeanor.  Comfort turned to face him, held up her hand with her index finger extended and dried her eyes with her other hand.
"I'm coming, just another minute." she said as her Brother turned to walk away.  She stood up out of the chair and gave me a long heartfelt hug.  Seconds later she turned to exit the room, when she suddenly stopped at the door, turned and blew a kiss while mouthing the words, 'I love you.' Then she left.  
Lying on my back, the floodgates had opened and tears streamed down my face.  I stared out of the window as my mind raced.  I felt burdened with emotional weight, realizing the gravity of the situation and that I would never be able to be with her.  Also, that I would never feel as strongly or care as much about anyone as I did her.  I subscribe to the tenet that if you love them let them go.  You see, I myself am an old soul and I believe that you only feel true love once in this life, and that's if you're lucky.  I wanted to be wrong regarding this matter, but felt I would never find someone equal to her.  Minutes passed and my emotions were running amuck when I heard someone begin to clear their throat.  I turned toward the door and saw Comfort standing there, squinting her eyes. 
"Are you gay?" she asked, breaking the silence and instantly bringing a smile to my face. Staring into her eyes, I engraved her essence into my memory.  Without speaking, she turned and walked away.  Seeing her in pain, with her eyes bloodshot, swollen, and tears streaming, I felt a despair that words cannot express. 
At that moment I couldn't help but use my talent, I looked down the hall and located Comfort.  Her body language conveyed the impression of uncertainty.  A once flourishing flower had begun to wilt.  In an ever so fragile state she continued to walk down the corridor as if in a trance.  She walked much slower than normal and hung her head as if she were counting her steps.  It was a sad picture, knowing I had contributed to her saddened emotional state.   Stepping into the elevator she immediately fell to the floor, curling her legs in tight next her body.  She propped her arms on top of her legs and wept.  Sharing her emotion and seeing her pain was unbearable.  As the elevator arrived at the lower level Comfort stood and wiped away her tears.  It was a somber moment as the elevator doors slowly opened.  There stood an elderly couple accompanied by a grandchild patiently waiting for the elevator.  They possessed tired bags under their eyes and shared the appearance of having not slept for some time.  The older woman stared at Comfort then dropped her purse to the floor, realizing that this was an innocent young girl in great distress.  She reached out and wrapped her arms around Comfort's neck, drawing her near.  Processing the rarity of such a moment, Comfort buried her head on the lady's shoulder and closed her eyes as tears trickled off the tip of her nose.  Seconds passed as the older lady began to tear up, while she lovingly patted Comfort on the back.  When they released their embrace, Comfort smiled and stepped off the elevator, pausing momentarily while inhaling a deep breath.  She proceeded to exit the hospital as her brother had pulled his car into the circular driveway in front.  Comfort's brother exited his car and rushed toward her, sharing a loving embrace.  Moments later, he guided her to the passenger side of the idling car.  Shortly after they began to drive away.  From my room I saw Comfort raise her hand as she gently placed her palm flat against the glass, looking up at the hospital while tears raced down her face.  Feeling every emotion one can withstand, I could no longer hold back the tears.  I wanted more than anything to be with her.  I wanted more than anything to wake up and realize this had been a dream.  It took every muscle in my body to keep from jumping out of bed and chasing her down.  I couldn't bear to have her stay and loose the opportunity for her to chase her dreams.  Trust me, I wanted more than anything to love her.  Staring out the window of my room with emotions running wild, I tried to convince myself that this was for the best.
Soon after, my family returned entering the room, now quiet and uncomfortable. 
"Quit letting hookers in my room," I yelled, drying my eyes.  They laughed, carrying on as if nothing had happened.  That night while in the hospital, I swear by polka-dot-bikinis, I felt the presence of a guardian angel.  I slept like a baby and saw not one Dark Sider.  Then again, I was on some pretty wicked medicine that caused me to see purple elephants and dancing kangaroos, which knew me on a first name basis.  So, who knows?  I liked it a lot.
The following day I was released from the hospital and on my way home with my family.  Overall, I felt great, extremely sore but great.  Thankfully, the car that hit me had seen me in enough time to prevent a more serious collision.  Well, I was going to be replacing a bumper, hood, and a cracked front windshield.  But it could have been much worse than a few stitches, a couple scrapes, and bruised ribs.  En route, my Step-Dad explained that he and my bromigo had gone to Columbia and packed my belongings, and were awaiting my arrival at home.  I smiled, feeling genuinely happy.  Shortly into the drive we arrived home, and it felt like the accident had never occurred.  That is, apart from my Mom showering me with kindness and shadowing my every move.  To me this was a bit scary and sad at the same slice of bread.  Dallas and Amanda carried on with their lives as usual.  Although, I felt selfish and sorry for them, knowing what I had put them through.  It was like I could feel them wanting me to stay with them, to live with them.  I realized that life was good, and I felt great.  I now knew that no matter the circumstances, my family would always love me.  It was reassuring, to say the least.
With my first day home dwindling away, I had dinner with the family and went to bed at a decent hour.  Midway through the night, sound asleep, I heard Dallas yelling my name aloud.  As I woke in a cold sweat, I sat up in bed and looked toward his room.  To find him tossing and turning from what I assumed was a bad dream.  Deciding to check on him I rolled out of bed, grabbing my crutches and hobbling up the stairs.  With each step I felt pain from my recent injuries shoot through my entire body.  When I arrived at his bedroom I slowly pushed open the door and found him fast asleep.  I stared with contentment, seeing him in a deep sleep.  I quietly turned around and saw something towering over me as I felt its breath against my skin.  Startled, I knew it was game time.  I didn't bother to acknowledge the Dark Sider.  Instead, I nonchalantly reached for my marble, which I had accidentally left downstairs on my nightstand.  Realizing I had nothing in my pocket, I looked back up.  Unfortunately for me, it was yet another monster.  It was definitely a Dark Sider, with fangs angled downward overlapping its bottom lip.  It was tall, muscular, and excitedly breathing heavily.  The skin of the creature was coarse, and it had a long prehistoric-looking snout.  As the hair on my body began to stand at attention, a wave of terror flooded my veins.  I looked at the creature's overbearing bug eyes as it bent down to smell me.  Motionless, I witnessed it tilt its head back toward the ceiling and shake uncontrollably; exhibiting satisfaction in reaction to my smell.  I slowly turned and took a step down the stairs.  Turning back to look, the creature had entered Dallas' room and was now looming over his bed as Dallas gasped for air.  Turning around one hundred and eighty degrees, I rushed to his room where the creature held something between its fingers.  As I focused in I saw a gem of some kind, swaying back and forth inches above my brother's head.  As Dallas struggled to breathe I rushed into the room as the creature stood and turned toward me.  Adrenaline-driven and feeling no pain, in a moment of courage I dropped my crutches and charged the creature.  Extending its right hand as if taunting me, I could see that the creature possessed large hands with long sharp claws.  It now used one to extend the gem toward me.  In midair and as a painting on a wall, I hung frozen, rendered incapable of any movement.  I was paralyzed but tried forcefully to move as the creature stepped toward me.  With an exertion of energy, I felt my heartbeat echo in my ears as I tried with every fiber in my body to move.  Still suspended in midair, I defensively dangled as the creature approached and reached out with both hands, now wrapping them around my head.  Its fingers ran through my hair as the creature positioned its thumbs over my eyes.  At that moment I felt a sudden wave of nausea, along with an overwhelming blast of heat pass through my stiff body.  Having felt what I can only describe as intense heat flashes, the creature moved its hands to the top of my head.  I began to visualize things with my minds eye, much like a flash back, but a bit different. 
I saw things no one should see.  Things that would change the way we believe on many different levels.  One of the things I saw was a timeline, which showed things from every civilization, of every time.  It would be more than difficult to relay the different images that flashed in a frenzy.  Seconds later, the flooding of images stopped and I witnessed a time and place where everyday people were divided into multitudes of lines.  As seen before in our history, the people I saw were moving in one direction.  People on horseback who wore masks were herding crowds of people like cattle, as if being driven to a slaughterhouse.  It was apparent that all of this was occurring sometime in the future.  Focusing on one of the riders looking out from behind a mask I saw the familiar red eyes.  I then felt an intense spinning sensation and was instantly somewhere entirely different.  Here, I saw ghastly beasts in the present day, relentlessly ravaging homes and showing no sign of mercy.  I saw teenage kids being torn apart limb from limb in front of loved ones.  Screams filled the air and echoed in my mind.  The streets were in utter chaos.  I then felt another spinning sensation and was back to the view of Dallas' room and able to move freely.  I looked down at my body and saw that I was unharmed.  Back in the flesh, but hold the spaghetti, something felt odd.  Something felt off.   
I scanned the room but nothing struck me as out of the norm.  Everything in the house was as it should have been.  But something still didn't feel right, and for the life of me I could not put my finger on it.  It was like I was in my skin, but not myself, as if disembodied.  Then I heard a scream coming from the general direction of Amanda's room and what I next saw left me mortified.  I saw myself standing in her room, with a creature directly behind me extending the charm, as it dangled from its hand.  Not wanting to believe my eyes, I clutched a kitchen knife in my hand.  Am I under a spell?  Was this even happening?  As I began to focus, I observed Amanda in bed with her covers pulled up to her neck and looking up in horror.  Her eyes were wide with shock and glossed over from fear.  Then I saw my Step-Dad fly out of his bedroom and come barreling toward Amanda's room, where he violently swung open the door.  My mother was tailing closely behind, grasping the top of her robe as she struggled to tie the waistband.  As if in slow motion, I saw myself walking toward my sister in a robotic motion, with the knife angled to the ground.  It wasn't natural movement, but forced.  Here was the literal personification of the old adage: I don't know what possessed me.  My Step-Dad, standing only a few feet away, had an expression on his face that I regret having seen.  
"Drop the knife," he yelled as my Mom entered the room running.  She jumped from six or seven feet out onto the bed, positioning herself between Amanda and I.  Amanda, having pulled the covers up to her mouth, was trying to hide and trembled in fear as if I were the bogeyman.  I took another step toward the bed, and as my Step Dad jumped he screamed, 
"No!  Stop!"  My Mom closed her eyes, shaking her head no as I extended the blade of the knife.  At that moment my Step Dad tackled me like in one of his college stories that I had heard for most of my life.  Motionless, I watched in fear and felt relief rain over me.  With my Mom struggling to pry off my Step-Dad, she jumped on top of me and began to slap my face, crying with each slap until she fell to the floor next to me.  
I stood in Dallas' room, wondering what was real.  Then I was able to move again, feeling like my normal self.  I turned to look toward Amanda's room where she was sleeping peacefully, then looked to my parent's room where they did the same.  Deciding to sit on the cold wood floor, I thankfully realized that this little vignette had not been real.  I tried to fall asleep, but kept running in my head what I had seen.  
The next day, I awoke to my Mother squatting next me, looking at me with concerned eyes.  This is how she always looked at me, because anything I did she considered questionable to say the least.  
"What are you doing up here, babe?  Why don't you go lie down in your bed?" she asked, rubbing my back.  The tone in her voice pained me.  I looked up at her, not offended but more embarrassed, and smiled.  I realized how awkward I must look lying on the floor.  I stood up and stretched my arms to the sky, feeling that a solid night's rest had finally given me my much-needed sanity.  I felt good, rested and alive.  I felt better than I had in I don't know how long, perhaps weeks.  I looked at my Mom who was smiling from ear to ear.  I smiled and thought to myself, 'I was just glad I didn't do what I saw myself do last night.'  I would rather be committed to a secure mental health facility, confined to a white padded room and fitted with a straight jacket, eating applesauce with a biodegradable plastic spoon, than to putt my family through something that horrific.
"What is everyone doing in my room?"  Dallas moaned as he stretched out his arms, locking his legs.  
"Get out.  Leave me alone.  I am not the one you want," he said for whatever reason as he pulled the covers over his head and rolled over onto his stomach. 
Back to Contents



Chapter: Twelve.

Needless-to-say, things were looking up.  I was surprised to find myself adjusting to my new way of life rather well.  However, I did miss Comfort loads.  We continued to keep in touch, talking daily at first.  Soon after it dwindled down to every other day.  Then, every so often, and before long it felt more like a courtesy call on her behalf, rather than a genuine call.  She liked California and that was apparent.  I was truly happy for her.  She spoke of stories of people there, and of things that had happened.  It seemed that California was exactly up her ally.  Of course my simple life didn't seem as appealing as what she had going for her and I knew it and felt it.  I still enjoyed our conversations and missed the times we shared, both good and bad.  It's rather peculiar, actually, how things can change, or how your perspective on things can change:  as I learned and matured I ultimately became aware.  I mean two or three months prior I would have been worried about not being trendy with my clothing or appearance.  Or about having the cool phone, or chilling with friends.  Now I worried about sleeping through the night and feared that I wouldn't be able to enjoy a long prosperous life.  Still on the fence, I saw things that were truly unexplainable but still tried to rationalize them to fit my way of life. 
*
Voice:
"Expanding the realm of reality, not the other reality (virtual), composed of the worldview.  It's what is all around you, with every breath one takes.  The words are seldom heard.  The song seldom sung.  The Son seldom felt."
*
Trucking along, I had started to see a Psychologist every two days for an hour, though sometimes the sessions extended longer.  It seemed to be helping me cope and to understand my subconscious, as the therapist loved to explain.  In the sessions I would lie on my back and tell him half the truth, only because the whole truth would have put me in a mental ward.  In his eyes I could see disbelief and the wheels turning, so-to-speak.  
I fabricated stories of dead rats that would speak and tell me history's long lost secrets.  I was kidding of course, and he was hip to my sarcasm and would give me a lecture on how important the sessions were.  Then he would explain why I needed to take the sessions more seriously, because I was only hurting myself.  At every session my mom waited patiently outside while the doctor drilled me about my childhood experience, my goals or aspirations, and everything under the sun.  Naturally, I went along with the psychoanalysis charade; knowing the truth would not help me, just make things more difficult.  So I complained mostly about how stressful school was and how it prevented me from sleeping and fitting the mold of everyday life.  
I had also landed a job, working two to three days a week as a part-time indoor soccer referee.  It was fun and I love kids, so it was perfect.  I got paid twenty-four bones for each game, which generally would last around forty minutes.  Forty minutes that is for the younger kids.  The older kid's games would last ninety minutes, but on a sliding scale, thirty-eight, don't hate.  Each day I worked, I would referee two, sometimes three games.  I was making a meager living while still living at home.  It was ordinary, but I appreciated the life I had and found that it was easier to sleep through the nights.  I had also enrolled in a few online courses and had begun to earn college credits.  
I saw Dark Siders often, but thanks to the doctor and the power of modern medicine, I would look away, pop a blue pill and count to ten as instructed to do.  When I would look back, they would have miraculously vanished.   Though I was still capable of seeing people's auras, I had started to believe that I had fabricated this fragmentary plane of abstract reality.  Perhaps I am crazy and that the doctor was right, I allowed myself to think.
To cope I would take four pills a day.  They calmed my nerves and helped me to keep sane and happy.  (Is it the chicken or the egg?)  For the night however, I would take another pill that would knock my socks off.  It was so powerful that nothing could wake me.  My brain seemed to be somewhat sluggish at this point, as thinking became more difficult and my movements manufactured rather than natural.  I had become a walking zombie more-or-less.  Simple decisions took a lot of thought and concentration, and the pace of life became stifled as everything seemed slightly out of focus.  At the same time, I admit, I enjoyed the peace and quite for a change.  Until one day, that is, when my world made sense.  
One night, sitting in my room, I started to crave a big swiss steak.  Swiss Inn makes this phenomenal sandwich (the stuff dreams are made of): it is served on a hoagie, with hot sauce and lettuce.  (Bomb!)  After grabbing my keys and getting fitted for the weather (cold), I drove to the local hamburger hang out uptown.  I parked in front of the establishment, entered through the front entrance and grabbed a seat in an empty blue booth.  I scanned the menu the waitress had set me up with.  Already knowing what I wanted to order, I relayed the information to the waitress, a cute red head.  I assumed that she was in high school.  I didn't recognize her as she had a white aura and a seemingly nice personality.  Not long after ordering, a couple of kids I recognized from school entered the side entrance: three guys and two girls.  I knew them all on a first-name basis, but hoped they wouldn't notice me.  I pulled my hood over my head and looked down hoping they would pass me with no exchange of meaningless conversation.  Seconds passed and as they walked toward the rear of restaurant, unfortunately for me, one of the guys recognized me.  I saw him tap the guy standing next to him on the shoulder and point as the group diverted course to straight toward my table.   Feeling agitated, I regrettably turned to acknowledge them as one hopped across the table as if invited or one of my friends.  I looked at him and as he turned to make sure his friends were watching.  To impress his comrades he leaned forward and pushed back my hood.  The group of them together laughed obnoxiously, when another of the misfits nudged me toward the window with his forearm, helping himself to my seat. 
"Dude!  What's up man?  Long-time no-see brotha," the guy sitting next to me said, giving a shoulder slap as a friend would do.  Easily entertained, they began whispering amongst themselves while shielding their mouths.  I blankly stared out the window and tried to ignore their trivial motives.  When one of the girls, standing next to the table, impatiently asks,
"What's taking so long?  I'm hungry baby."  Seeing her reflection in the window, she chomped on her gum, twirling her purple hair and rubbing the shoulder of the guy closet to the isle that was sitting across from me.  I turned to look at the girls and as I did, they gasped and turned to look away, as if seeing a fire victim for the first time.  I then examined the guys sitting at the table, when the guy across from me asked,
"So, is it true you can, like, see dead people or whatever?"  The other two laughed. 
"Yea, I heard you tried to kill yourself.  Is that true?" the guy sitting across the table asked.  Thinking of the best way to respond but wanting to be somewhat witty, I realized it wasn't worth the energy.  I understood that they were still stuck in their high school mentalities, living a mind-numbing existence.  To them, anything different is weird.  I looked each one of the guys in the eyes and said, 
"Yes, it's true, I'm crazy, suicidal, and you guys . . . are cool," I smirked to myself.  Like I had imagined, this instantly insulated them as they stood up out of the booth, obviously angered.   Towering over the table, one of them leaned forward.  Inches between us his breath with a heavy stench of alcohol.  As he locked his hands around my upper arms and looked me squarely in the eyes,
"I'll tear you to shreds, freak." he said, strengthening his grip. 
"You will wish you had died when I'm done with you." I stared him in the eyes and grinned, flailing my arms and legs, rolling my eyes to the back of my head, and began to shake wildly while foaming at the mouth and spitting up salvia.  With fright in his eyes he immediately released his grip, dropping me to my seat as they rocketed for the door.  The seizure was staged, but they didn't know.  I watched them haul-balls out of the restaurant, hop into their cars and speed off.  Moments later, I sat up, wiped my mouth with a napkin and acted as if nothing had happened.  I casually looked around the restaurant to see everyone staring at me with blank expressions on their faces.  In the awkwardness of it all, I heard someone call out my name, from behind where I was sitting. 
"Fisher, you better turn around you hairless monkey."  The voice was familiar; I slowly turned, and as I did my hairs stood at end.  Astonished and having to do a double take, I saw my best friend of years standing before me, Chance.  My eyes were wide in shock as I felt an intense energy flood my veins.  Examining him closely, it looked like Chance, but he had no aura?  Arriving at the intersection that it was not Chance, but a Dark Sider portraying him.  I slowly turned back around and went through the routine of closing my eyes, counting to ten, and then popping the tiny blue pill as instructed.  After a successful attempt of counting to ten with my eyes closed, I opened them and saw Chance the Dark Sider right in my face. 
"Dude, I haven't seen you in I don't know how long, and you're going to turn around?  That's greased up turkey.  Oh, I know, is it that time of the month?  Are you
MANstrating?" 
"Okay, I know you're not Chance, so give it up you old horse-thief," I said, as the waitress (whom had been standing next to my table) looked at the empty booth across from me then back to me.  I realized that from her perspective I appeared to be talking to myself.  She carefully dropped the food at the edge of the table and cautiously backed away.  Feeling awkward and embarrassed, I saw the waitress from behind the counter staring and whisper to a fellow co-worker. 
"Dude, what's up bro?  Don't make me spank you," Chance said.  This forced me to laugh.  He was funny as he always had been.
"I guess I will have to chop it up with someone that wants to kick it," as Chance, or the false Chance said, as he stood to leave. 
"Okay, if you're Chance, who was our second grade teacher and at what school?"
"Miss ABCD, Joel E Barber.  Weak . . . give me a hard one." 
"Okay, what grade did I date your Sister and when did we . . . you know?"
"Sixth grade, and you never, you know punk.  You're gay, gay boy.  Don't talk about Kara like that either, she is doing way better than you."  I smiled as I heard the exact response I expected and we both laughed.  Returning to the booth, Chance sat down,
"You haven't changed much choir boy," I said, followed by a laugh.  I scanned the entire place, which had only a handful of patrons, not including the two or three drifters, AKA, Dark Siders. 
"Dude, no one can see you, huh?" I posed.
"That's the way I like it.  It has its perks, like shower time," as Chance grinned I smiled.
"You have been watching me in the shower?" 
"You know it," Chance laughed.  I then finished eating and paid at the counter.  At the counter the waitress seemed distant and hadn't dropped by the table for her usual rounds of blah, bitty, blah blah: 'is everything okay?  Can I get you some more to drink?  Would you like a to-go box?   Or dessert?'  
After settling my debt, I exited the restaurant with all eyes on me as the main attraction.  I walked toward my car while talking to Chance, not caring about the people staring in disbelief.  I really didn't care.  After all, they thought I was crazy, so what's wrong with giving them a show?  I was having fun and happy to reconnect.  Imagine your best friend of most of your young or adult life gone, never to be seen again. Then they reappear.  You would have a lot to talk about, no?  I was ecstatic though skeptical, and curious to pick his brain. 
During our conversation, we talked mostly about the Other World and what it was like.  To my understanding there were two extremes: a place that you belong, not as a member, but an existence.  The other, as Order spoke of: the existence of that which doesn't exist but exists beyond our existence.  He explained things that existed there, most of which my mind could not conceive.  He described a place where there is no such thing as time or space, crime, disease, fear, or death.  It is what is and will ever be, a place with no beginning or end, a place in perfect harmony, with complete and absolute balance. 
I then explained of Truth and Order and what they had given, shown, and done for me.  I laughed when he commented on how hot he thought Order was.  Apparently, he had met her once.  He then explained how important my role as a Light Warrior was, and how I had to stay focused; his job I realized, was to be my guardian.  
"Why did they have to send you?" I asked as we laughed, and then we hopped into my car and headed for my house.
On the drive, we caught up on the lost time and it was.  Becoming aware of something in the middle of the road.  I slowed to prevent from hitting whatever it was.  As my brakes screeched to a halt, we examined from the car whatever it was.  At first glance, it appeared to be something or someone, laying flat on the asphalt, with a white sheet placed over the top.  I placed my car in park and opened the door to exit, as Chance who had his own way to exit, stepped through the door.  Approaching the object in an area poorly lit, with only my headlights to see, I kicked the sheet with my foot and heard a moaning sound.  I looked at Chance who just shrugged.  With wide-open eyes I felt froggy and bent down, grabbing the corner of the sheet nearest me.  As I started to pull back the sheet, Chance, closer to the uncovered portion, turned away in disgust.  After removing an edge of the sheet, I looked closer at the object in question and gagged from what I saw.  It was what looked like a human being, however, not a normal one.  It had been mangled with its face mauled beyond recognition.  At this point I was ready to hurl.  Blood and fluid ran from the body, forming a puddle on the asphalt.  Strange to me was that the eyes of the person had been removed leaving empty sockets.   A rotting flesh odor overwhelmed my mind as I lifted my hand, covering my mouth and plugging my nose.  In observation of what looked to be white rice.  As I looked closer I realized to be maggots feasting on the decaying flesh.  I could not take it anymore and turned away in disgust.  The combination of the smell and the horrifying image of the victim were interrupted by Chance calling out my name.  I turned toward him and saw that he was pointing to an area behind me.  As I turned to look, I saw Dark Siders emerge from the shadows and begin to approach Chance and I.  They formed a three hundred and sixty degree formation around us.  I counted at least fifty different Dark Siders, each with weapons in-hand as their eyes turned red.  I looked at Chance, who looked ready for war. 
"Dude, we should run," I yelled. Chance just laughed,  
"Run, huh?  We just got here.  We haven't gotten to meet our friends." Chance said, popping his neck, then knuckles, bouncing on the tip of his toes and shaking out his arms.  I was the C in confused and didn't know what to do.  
"Why don't you sit in the car, I want to meet our guests." Chance said while wearing a smile.  Hearing vicious growls from the approaching beasts I decided to take Chance's advice.  Running towards my car, I quickly hopped inside and slammed the door shut.  From inside the car I watched as the Dark Siders began to close in on Chance, surrounding him.  I was scared for my life and more than worried for Chance's well- being.  I reached for my marble in my pocket, in case somehow things went south.  Some of the Dark Siders appeared normal, like human beings, except for the red eyes.  Where others shared the appearance of the past Dark Siders that resembled nothing that could exist on earth, all were equally horrific.  The creatures I witnessed could only stem from the darkest corners of imagination.  Scared, nervous, and feeling my heart race, the Dark Siders crept closer by the second.  With each step they growled and looked as if they were preying on their target.  Chance turned to look at me and grinned.  Then, in a sudden burst of energy, the Dark Siders took off running in a forward sprint, with weapons in hand and eyes trained on Chance.  Seconds later, Chance jumped into the air just as each Dark Sider jumped as well.  Chance jumped from the asphalt so high that it must have been the equivalent of a twelve-story building.  I knew that the Dark Siders were equally as talented, however.  In midair, I saw him retrieve something from his pocket, which one would be inclined to believe to be some kind of rope or string that he started to swing in a circular motion above his head, much like a lasso.  Struck with a gut feeling that something horrible was about to play out.  I saw whatever it was Chance swung beginning to glow.  As he swung the intensity of the glow magnified, illuminating the night sky.  He brought the rope from above his head to below his body while sliding himself through the center.  The rope seemed to span a circumference of ten feet, as he began his descent to the ground below.  Suspended in disbelief, I witnessed the rope come in contact with Dark Siders and slice through them as a knife would cut butter, causing the Dark Siders to instantly disintegrate.  As he descended to the ground, I saw him take out a good ten to fifteen of the Dark Siders, with more still alive.  Landing on the asphalt in front of my car, he turned to look at me as he once again grinned.  At that moment the remaining Dark Siders piled on top of him.  I looked, but saw no sign of him in the dog-pile of Dark Siders.  I witnessed something like a pack of hungry wolves as the Dark Siders began fighting amongst themselves, tossing, pulling, and dragging one another off the pile, selfishly thirsty for blood. 
"Isn't that funny, they really are dumb creatures," I heard, sounding as if it had came from inside my car as I slowly turned to see Chance sitting comfortably in the backseat.
"How did you?  I mean, how are you here and not there?"  I mused excited,
"Watch this," Chance said.  As I looked into my rear view mirror, made out a grinning Chance as he jumped from the backseat of my car into the air above.  This time, traveling in a bright shooting blaze of light, and much higher than the previous.  I witnessed him climb through the clouds, moving at a speed much faster than before.  As he peaked in the sky, he seemed to be able to just hover there.  Seconds later, he turned and began his descent.  Headfirst, he accelerated, gaining momentum; to land dead center in the pile of Dark Siders as a mushroom of light emerged.  The light was so scintillating that I turned away as Dark Siders disintegrated into thin air.
After a few moments the light faded and the dust settled.  I saw Chance in the midst of ash, standing in front of my car.  I opened the door and stepped out.
"That was insane!" I yelled.  
"You have got to teach me how to do that," I continued,
"Wow!  Seriously, how is that possible?"
"It's what I do.  It's what I'm here for man.  To protect you, I told you that." he said, maintaining a cocky stance.
"Yeah, but I didn't know you had it like that C-dub.  That was cramazing!"  He stretched out his arms as he walked toward the car.  
On the drive home, he explained that to be able to perform such acts takes practice, knowledge and strength.  He also explained that when one uses such talents or abilities, it must be for good, otherwise it will not work.  He then went on explaining the play-by-play of the showdown until we arrived at my house.  Walking into the house, everyone had retired for the evening.  This night I had not one visit from the Dark Side, allowing a full night's rest, and I slept like a king thanks to Chance.  
The next morning, I awoke to a beautiful winter day.  Looking outside from my room, I observed a snow-blanketed landscape with snowflakes carelessly drifting to the ground.  Yet it was no morning to sit around and ponder, as I was excited.  I quickly tossed aside the blankets, threw on a pair of Timberland boots as well as my winter coat, layering it over my pajamas, and continued outside.  Standing in the few inches of loosely packed snow, I looked into the sky and felt mesmerized by the flakes as they fell, remembering how crazy it is that no two snowflakes are alike.  That each snowflake has six sides, and the largest snowflakes recorded in history was fifteen inches.  The flakes, when coming in contact with my face, melted instantly.  I extended my arms into the sky above, and released a yell driven from pure joy.  A few minutes later, I felt someone staring at me.  As I turned to look I saw Dallas looking down from his bedroom window.  Two minutes later I heard the front door open.  There was Dallas, standing in his boxers and snow boots, bent over and starting to form a snowball with his hands.  I felt a sweeping content wash over me in the moment.  Just as he stood up and hurled his freshly packed snow ball my direction, hitting me square in the face.  
"Shots fired," I yelled.  Then, it was all out war as I retaliated with a much larger and harder snowball.  Dallas, inadequately dressed for the weather, screamed like a schoolgirl and retreated back into the house.  I had a grin on my face, as it was such a perfect morning.  The entire neighborhood, one by one, came out to enjoy the first snowfall of the year. 
I stayed out in the snow until I could no longer feel my fingers or toes.  It must have been two, or possibly, three hours.  Time flew by as I enjoyed the peace and tranquility.  With a clear head, I felt the tables had turned and the tides had changed.  I felt safe and for the first time in quite a while, loved every moment of it. 
Chance and I talked most of the day about what I should or could do next.  I was actually happy knowing that Chance could keep the evil spirits at bay.  I questioned Chance about how he traveled and his timeframes, hoping to get some insight.  I asked questions about what existed there and about language of the Other World. I asked any and everything one would think of asking.  Then he explained the details pertaining to the tree of life to me.  He smiled while stating,
"Well, you are a Light Warrior, which is big bro."
"Come on, big, how?" I asked in disbelief. 
"Well, someday you will find out," he replied in a stockbroker kind of way, withholding information.
"Well, what were you told about me, crazy?" I asked, wanting to know more. 
"Bro, I'm just here for my entertainment.  Oh, and to kick some Dark Side tail as well."
Back to Contents



Chapter: Thirteen.

Concluding the first of many conversations, we had conceived a plan.  Our brink of Google (genius) was to drive to Columbia, which was only a few short hours away.  My medical condition discouraged driving long distances, but we decided that we had to.  In regards to my prognosis, I had stopped taking the pills, so that wasn't going to be a problem.  I actually kind of enjoyed not being numb to everything.  In the car, we took off driving north towards Columbia.  The drive felt peaceful and exhilarating.  Towns came and passed as pictures played before my eyes of scenes I had always regrettably overlooked.  We listened to Wild Beasts and I felt the cool night air pass and howl in the dark as if it was searching for listeners.  Chance and I spoke of past relations and shared stories about growing up as if it were something different, as if it were yesterday.  For the first time in sometime, I was conscious of the world around me and able to kick back and relax.  I was actually existing rather than just living in a daze or going through everyday motions.  I felt that I no longer had to worry about being terrorized or having to hide. 
Soon after we arrived in Columbia.  I took him by my old dig (apartment), which was a bit emotional in the fact that I had just recently lived there.  Not to omit the fact of the one time neighbor/girlfriend/love of my life, which I missed badly.   We then headed for the lab.  At this point it was nearing eight o'clock in the evening.  I hoped that Dr. Scott would be there.  Drawing from intuition and circumstances surrounding our last encounter, I recalled it was around the same time as I pulled into the parking lot.  To my relief I noticed Doctor Scott's Lexus SUV was the only car parked in the parking lot.  As an anxious feeing set in as I coasted my car to a parking space and killed the engine.  Chance and I sat comfortably in the car for a couple of minutes.  Neither of us spoke but instead, thought.  After a few minutes we decided to exit the car and started our trek to the top of the hill where the lab was located.  Upon arrival, we grabbed a seat on the concrete bench that was positioned in front of the building.  It was a chilly, thirty-degree evening in the heart of Missouri.   As minutes passed we grew increasingly tired of the scenery.  I jumped inside the building using my talent and located Dr. Scott sitting at his desk.  Wham!!  Bam!!  Pow!!  The plan!  The plan was to ask questions and find out what exactly we were getting into.  We were thinking that if the next dimension were time travel, then maybe I could go back in time and try to stop myself from looking into dimensions in the fist place, thus enabling me to have a somewhat normal life.
Jumping back to my current position, I looked down at my phone which read eight-thirty p.m.   I realized that we had been waiting for half an hour as the cold temperature began to set in.  I pumped my legs in hopes of keeping my blood circulating.  Just as snow began to fall, I glanced up to see Dr. Scott heading toward us.  I quickly stood and approached him as the snow began to fall heavily.  I raised the hood of my coat over my head as Dr. Scott raised a newspaper to block the falling snow.  Walking against the wind, I yelled out his name, but received no response.  
"Dr. Scott," I yelled, thirty feet off, only this time louder than the previous attempt.  When Dr. Scott turned in my direction, I smiled and waved cordially.  A few seconds later, our paths intersected and I reached out and shook his hand. 
"Well, did you make any progress mate?" he asked in his Aussie accent. 
"Yes, it's true, everything you said," I replied, having to speak loudly due to the circumstances of the weather as he smiled exuberantly.
"Like buggery.  Would you like to grab some coffee?" he asked.
"No, I don't believe in kangaroos," I replied with a smile as he placed his arm over my right shoulder and we continued to walk. 
"I would love to hear your take on the dimension," he said.  As he smiled pleasantly we entered our cars.  Moments later we were at a local coffee house.  Arriving at the location, Chance and I headed inside and grabbed a seat at an empty table that could seat four comfortably.  We scanned the establishment and I noticed the wait staff consisted of a couple of cute chicks.  I assumed that they were in college.  Seconds later, Dr. Scott entered and approached our table, absorbing the seat across the table, sitting directly on top of Chance.  I laughed as Chance expressed a frustrated look and stood.  After ordering our drinks from one of the cute waitresses, Dr. Scott opened conversation as he disrobes his jacket.
"Well, what is it like?"  Dr. Scott asked excitedly.
"Well, besides everyone thinking I'm crazy, including the family shrink, it's gotten better."  This invoked a smile from Dr. Scott.
"Can you see things?  I mean supernatural things?"  Dr. Scott asked, eager to hear my response.
"Yes." 
"Jingoes!  You beut!  Do you see anything here, now?" he asked as I sensed urgency in his voice.
"Sixteen." I said, as Dr. Scott assumed counting the occupants of the diner, and then turned to look at me while wearing a sideways expression on his face.  He leaned forward on his forearms at an acute angle. 
"I count nine," as I grinned in response. 
"At nighttime they come out more," I said.  
"How are you are able to be somewhat civil while seeing this absurdity?"  I then explained how it had almost gotten the best of me, and followed with explaining Chance's role.
"Is he here now?"  I heard excitement in his voice and saw enthusiasm in his eyes.  I located Chance, who had a way of drifting off but was standing behind the Dr. extending a pair of bunny ears.  
"Yes, he is giving you bunny ears as we speak."  I laughed. 
"Fascinating!  Absolutely stupendous!" he said in a manner that reminded me of a kid in a candy store as he turned back to look.  
"Great work Fisher.  I commend you and thank-you for enlightening me," he said.  
"No problem, I'm actually here for the next dimension or your knowledge of it," I said as I leaned in toward Dr. Scott.  
"Well Fisher, you are as far as modern science has prevailed, actually, a little further seeing as you have a friend to guide you on your journey.  We have theories, speculations, but nothing concrete.  We believe that the next dimension will hold the key to time travel and wormholes perhaps.  Unfortunately my friend," as he took a brief pause, sighed, and while dazing out the window continued,  
"It's something I will never see materialize." he hung his head as if in defeat.  I read his energy and replied,  
"What are you talking about?" 
"Well, the plug has been pulled on our research as the investors see no potential materialization.  Naturally, they think we are mad and wasting their precious time and money.  Our funding comes from certain affiliations of the government, but not openly affiliated naturally.  When they say you're done, you're done.  There is however, one thing I would like to ask of you."  
"Sure, what is it?" I replied hesitantly.  As he reached into his wallet and began thumbing through a stack of business cards, he extended one toward me.  
"Will you call or write, and inform me of your findings?  I could die a happy man to know," he said with a solemn look on his face.
"Sure," I smiled in response. 
"I will, and I will give you my information, in case something should go wrong.  I'll let you know before I go." He smiled, took a sip of his tea and wiped his mouth with a paper napkin. 
After about an hour of sharing stories and personal experiences, we finished our drinks, closed our conversation and parted ways.  Sitting inside my car about to depart, I witnessed Dr. Scott walk toward his car as if all the life had been drained from him.  It was definitely a change of pace from our previous encounters.  I could tell that he was wondering about all the scenarios that will forever plague his mind.  I felt sad and somewhat sorry for him as I watched him leave.  Something about that moment struck a nerve in me.  Shortly after, I started my car and began to drive off.  I paid attention to hearing and observing life that was in the motion of its everyday routine.  As I continued to drive, I listened to the world and felt like I understood my purpose for the first time in my life.  It was a pure moment of enlightenment.  Life I realized is funny about certain things.  We as humans are programmed in the process of domestication.  All in order to think we need certain things, to strive for or achieve a certain platform.  We think we will be happy if and when we get them.  Perhaps it's the crack in the wall, but the irony that we are never satisfied but always searching for something more, new, better, or different.  I felt, heard, and even smelled for the first time peace, with my newly discovered outlook.  Well, not exactly different or new, but different and new to me.  It was how I saw things.  I guess the right word would be perspective.  I looked around as I continued to drive and saw smiles on people's faces.  I looked at drivers in their cars as they stared off in space, zoning out.  I wondered what they were thinking or if they were thinking at all.  I saw people looking at me and I could read their expressions and body language.  In doing this I smiled, and would receive a smile back.  I felt happy once again, and my faith in mankind had returned after what I imagine to be a long Spring Break in Miami Beach.  
*
Voice:
"Positive energy is much more contagious than negative.  Emotional poison only births more emotional poison."
*
On the drive home, my mind felt overwhelmed with questions.  I thought about my past, the present, and future.  Unknown questions worried me but at the same time fueled my excitement.  Chance and I drove into the night and I enjoyed the time we shared.  We laughed and joked with one another and reminisced about the back in the day, days.  Time flew, and it seemed like none had passed when we arrived home. 
We parked on the street in front of the house, cut through the lawn, and entered the front door.  Finding my Mother asleep in the recliner, with her reading glasses still attached to her head and an open book resting flat in her lap.  Quietly, I walked toward her as she slowly began to wake up.  I smiled as she did, then she groggily said, 
"Fisher, where have you been?  I was worried that something had happened to you."  I grabbed a seat next to her on the couch and replied,
"Mom, I'm sorry to do this to you, but there will come a day when I may not be here." Her eyes swelled with tears.
"Mom, please.  I'm not sure exactly, what or when, but I will be safe and I want you to know that I love you.  I want you to not be sad." 
"Is everything alright?  Is there anything I can do?" she asked in a concerned tone.  
"Have you been taking your meds? 
"Yes and no Mom, but I'm fine.  I just need you to know that whatever happens in the future, understand that I will be fine and you should not worry.  Promise me here and now."  Confused, she sat motionless and stared into my eyes as she reached up with her right hand and began to rub the palm of her hand against my face.  Tears began to stream down her cheeks. 
"Fisher, I'm, well . . ." with her voice beginning to quiver, 
"I love you and always will.  You're scaring me though."  We looked into each other's eyes; I could see her eyes were filled with sadness, causing my eyes to swell.  
"Mom, I love you, I have no other choice.  I'm sorry, I," as I took a deep breath I wanted to tell her everything, but couldn't.  I reached out to give her a hug as she grabbed me with a death lock hold for what felt like minutes.  I felt sadder than ever and realized how much emotional hardship I was putting my family through.  When she released her hug she said, 
"Well young man, whatever it is, you don't leave without telling me again, got it?" 
"Got it Mom," I said as I smiled. 
"You're not too old to be grounded kiddo," she grinned and while shaking her fist, waved her index finger while obviously trying to hide her emotions.  
"Let's go to bed." As we stood up I placed my arm around her neck.  I turned out the lights in the living room and continued to bed.  I felt good lying there.  I felt like I was ready for whatever may come.  Minutes later I was fast asleep.  
The next morning I woke up to Dallas looming over me, inches from my face.  Opening one eye and with my vision coming into focus,
"I have killed for less, Dallas." 
"Ooh, I'm scared.  Get up, Mom made breakfast.  Let's go eat."  I acted like I was still asleep like a strung out druggie, but couldn't escape the feeling of hunger.  I jumped at the invitation.  In a sudden flash of energy, I tossed aside the covers and jumped out of bed as Dallas shot for the door and bolted out of the room.  I continued to chase him to the table where the whole family sat eating breakfast.  
Mom had made my favorite breakfast: bacon and eggs, biscuits and gravy, with an assortment of fruits and juices.  It was a breakfast fit for kings and we sat around the table and ate until we couldn't anymore.  After breakfast, my Step-Dad left for work and Amanda left for the mall.  Dallas and I unanimously agreed on having a lazy day.  We hung out and played X Box most of the day, with my Mom periodically popping in to check and see how we were getting along.  I could feel the life I knew coming to a new chapter; something was close, change was in the air.  I didn't know exactly what, but I felt something deep down, and accepted whatever it was to be. 
The following days seemed to drag, just as I wanted them too.  Time was not something that I thought about as I had in the past, but tried my best to be content and in the moment.  I absorbed every smile, every word, and tried to hold on to each breath as long as I could.  I hoped I could memorize each conversation, each moment, and each emotion.  
One night, after having family dinner, we sat in the living room watching television as we did on any given evening.  Instead of watching the television however, I watched my family as if they were a show that I would never get to see again.  I know this read on my face, as they often asked, 
"Is everything okay with you Fisher?"  I simply smiled and tried to hide my obviousness. It was this night that what I had foreseen came to fruition.  After falling asleep for the night I heard,
"Fisher, the time has come, we need to go.  Truth and Order want to meet with us." 
I slowly came to with Chance standing at the foot of my bed.  I quickly got out of bed and dressed.  I scanned the house and saw my family comfortably asleep in their beds.  I realized that I might never see them again as tears streamed uncontrollably.  I saw my lifelong memories flash before my eyes.  I continued getting dressed and grabbed the letter I had written for Dr. Scott, which explained that I was advancing to the next dimension and for him to hope for the best.  With the letter in hand, I continued downstairs, then outside.  I dropped the letter in the mailbox, and raised the flag.  Turning to look back at the house I had lived my entire life up until this point, I noticed my family safe inside and hoped this was not the last I would see of them.  Feeling more distant than ever.  I continued walking with Chance who seemed preoccupied or deep in thought.
"Is everything alright with you man?" I asked.  He turned and looked at me with a look that I could not place.  
"Dude, I'm sorry it has to be this way," he said. 
"You have no idea what the Other World is like.  I just want you to know that this was not my choice."  He turned his back toward me while continuing to walk but distancing himself.  His head was angled to the ground and I could not make much sense of what had just gone down.
"Dude, come on, its all good." I yelled.  Confused, I thought he must be joking, but I received no such response.  We were standing in the middle of the road, in front of my house, when Tribulation emerged from the shadows.  Chance stopped walking and turned to face me.  Tribulation, now standing next to Chance, placed his right hand on his shoulder and said,
"Chance, you have done well and you will be rewarded as I have promised."  Still confused and not making much sense of the moment, 
"You're kidding me, right?  I yelled, you're going to leave me here?  We are best friends, family!"  My eyes started to swell as I felt my blood beginning to boil.  Chance simply looked down and turned to walk away as Tribulation approached.  Feeling betrayed and then lost, I kept waiting for Chance to turn back around but he didn't.  With each passing second, he distanced himself from me as Tribulation advanced one step closer.  From a distance behind Tribulation, I saw a group of Dark Siders emerge from the shadows and begin to approach me.  I turned and saw Dark Siders beginning to form a three hundred and sixty degree formation around me.  Only this time I was left to defend myself.  I nervously reached into my pocket and located my marble, as Tribulation stopped a few short feet away.
"You naive human, your best friend delivered you to me.  He gladly accepted my offer in exchange for your life.  Packaged, parcel, and posted, here we are.  How does that make you feel?"  Deep down I felt upset, but more hurt, but I didn't want to grant him the satisfaction of knowing such.  I tried to mask my emotions as I clinched the marble in my pocket.
"I am not afraid to die, Tribulation.  You see, I will gladly die knowing I had lived doing what is right rather than live a life of lies, inflicting harm and doing what is wrong.  I am no longer afraid of you or your Dark Siders." Pacing in a circle around me, he suddenly stopped.  Standing in front of me he reached up with his hand and locked his fingers around my neck and tightened his grip.  With a swift raise of his arm, he lifted me off the ground.  I struggled to breathe as hypoxia settled in.  I heard Tribulation speak, although muffled and in the Other World tongue, I realized he was speaking to the surrounding crowd of Dark Siders.  I saw the Dark Siders begin to show excitement and cheer.  Some jumped up and down while others began to shake uncontrollably.  They were anticipating the bloodbath, or feast at hand, and I was the main course.  Allow me to provoke an image in your mind: A perfectly cooked, marble-glazed Butterball turkey.  I tilted my head to the sky and witnessed clouds circling overhead.  A breeze began to stir and lightening began to strike wildly around us.  I felt light-headed and my body tingled as I looked down at Tribulation and the group of Dark Siders and their red eyes.   Unanticipated, Tribulation released his hand from my neck and I gasped for air, but still could not move.  Somehow, I was left suspended in the air by some act of dark power.  Tribulation speaking to the crowd of Dark Siders in the Other World tongue while lightening struck him and currents flooded his body for a good ten to fifteen seconds.  I was of the impression he enjoyed the pain as he dropped to his knees, eyes bulging, grinning continually.  His body began to shake wildly and then all at once the lightening ceased.  As Tribulation began to stand up, with apprehension, steam began to exude from his body.  Tribulation approached me but stopped a few feet shy and looked down at his hand.  As he moved his fingers, sparks of electric current shot from one finger to the next.  It was as if somehow he was able to harness the electric current.  His face had changed from an attractive, successful business guy, to that of a mean and ruthless being.  His demeanor was cold and a look of hate inhabited his face.  His appearance was something I hadn't seen before.  His skin looked like plastic.  It was murky, grey in color, and his mouth was very thin.  Becoming aware of small rows of teeth in his mouth as he spoke.  His build was large and he had two horns protruding from his head that looked very similar to the modern interpretation of the devil, a Mephistopheles.  With my terror building, Tribulation placed his hand back around my neck.  During the act of doing this, I felt an intense flood of electric current stinging my nerves.  The feeling must have compared to being struck by lightening.  With intense currents jolting through my nervous system, intense pain pulsated throughout my body.  Tribulation then began to shake uncontrollably, and released his hand from around my neck.  Turning toward the crowd of Dark Siders, he spoke aloud in the Other World tongue as they cheered.  My mouth felt dry, my body felt abused and ached with pain.  Seconds passed, when yet again he placed his hand around my neck.  I again felt the pain from his currents conduct through my veins.  This time it lasted a bit longer and felt more intense.  In pain, I searched my mind for a release, an escape.  But it was all I could do to keep my mind from shutting down, afraid of such a result.  When he finally released his hand from around my neck, I quivered uncontrollably in pain.  I felt my brain ache and organs throbbing.  I tried to move certain parts of my body, but was incapable of motor skills. 
"Is that what you call pain?" I screamed.  With cat-like reflexes, Tribulation snapped his head and jumped fifteen feet into the air, body slamming me to the ground.  The strength from his jump hit me like a ton of bricks, causing me to crash hard on my back and slide against the pavement.  I began to spit up blood and my eyes felt heavy, overwhelmed and feeling death approach.  I looked around and saw the crowd of Dark Siders growing restless and ready to feast, thirsting for blood.  Tribulation approached, raising his hands into the air I became levitated, he lifted me up above his head telekinetically.  I then saw my memories flash before my eyes again as I tried to drown out the noise.  I imagined myself in a place far away from any Dark Siders and felt a sense of peace.
"Fisher, I will give you one final chance to reconsider."  Snapping out of my delusion, I saw Tribulation standing beneath me. 
"We're not so different you and I."  I forcefully took a deep breath and tilted my head back as I lifted my arms towards the heavens above, choosing my last words wisely.
"Never!"  I yelled as loud, and as long as I possibly could.  I closed my eyes preparing for the worst, and felt an intense blow against my rib cage that sent me flying backwards through the air at a high rate of speed.  Seconds later, landing hard on the pavement I struggled to open my eyes and saw the herd of Dark Siders running at me.  Here, I accepted my fate and was prepared to die.  My body could not withstand any further aggressions; I smiled and tried to drown out the pain.  I didn't want to show my suffering, knowing that is what the Dark Siders enjoyed the most.  I did not want to give them the satisfaction on top of my defeat. 
Struggling to keep my eyes open, the background began to blur and I felt shock beginning to set in.  Darkness settled in my mind and I felt the world disappear.  Seconds later a white light began to glow, growing in intensity.  Soon the blaze consumed everything and I felt a sudden calming come over me.  Drawing the conclusion that I must be in heaven.  I then felt a hand placed gently on the back of my head.  At that moment I strained to turn my neck, fought to open my eyes, and saw Order kneeling next to me, along with other Light Workers whom I had not met.  Order turned, stood, and approached the charging Dark Siders.
"Everything is okay now," I heard, but the sound was muffled and echoed.  The other Light Workers trailed just behind her.  Standing with their backs facing me, they positioned themselves between the herd of charging Dark Siders and myself.  The Dark Siders failed to relent their charge.  They screamed, wailed, and howled.  Not knowing what to expect, the Light Workers stood in a straight line and grabbed each other's hands.  A wall of light appeared in front of them and when the Dark Siders came in contact with it, they disintegrated before my eyes.  I was thankful that they had come in the nick of time.  I looked into the distance where Tribulation stood smiling, and then heard his voice.
"This will not be our last encounter." Then he disappeared from sight.   I grinned, knowing he was upset more than ever and that he had not fulfilled his mission. 
I scanned the fellow Light Workers and smiled, Order amidst them.   As the Light Workers dropped one another's hand, the wall of light began to dissipate.  I counted at least ten Light Workers, all of whom were different, but sharing the human characteristics, nothing crazy or otherworldly.  As they turned to face me, I tried to stand, but couldn't.  Helpless and unable to move, the Light Workers began to approach as two of them bent down and grabbed my arms, helping me stand to my feet.  They introduced themselves and in the act I felt weak at the knees and dizzy.  Feeling a wave of nausea sweep over me, my legs jolted from side to side, then buckled underneath me as I collapsed to the ground.
Back to Contents



Chapter: Fourteen.

"Fisher, everything will be fine, you're safe," I heard as I slowly came to and scanned the room.  I saw Truth sitting in a chair across the room and Order standing above me.  
"What are we doing?  Where are we?" I asked, observing the tree of life positioned in the center of the room. 
"What happened to me?"  
"Fisher, it's your journey.  We can't force you to do anything you don't want, we can only show you and explain the reasoning behind it.  The decision is ultimately up to you," Order said, wrapped in a smile. 
"Where did the other Light Workers go?  How did this happen?  I thought the Dark Siders couldn't hurt me?" As I struggled to sit up, but felt pain shoot though my entire body and knew that my wounds were still fresh,
"You are correct, what the Dark Siders did was wrong and will not be tolerated.  They are resisting more than ever.  I'm sorry; I should have been there.  I have been needed in the Other World.  I understand that what you have sought is more than you have bargained for," Order said in a sympathetic tone.  
"Well, what exactly is it that you're going to be showing me?" I asked, feeling hurt and upset.  As she smiled with compassion, she replied, 
"Not to worry, you will see soon enough," in a soft tone while walking toward the tree of life.  Seconds later, she plucked a leaf from it and continued toward the sink, placing the leaf in a mug.  She then filled the mug with water.  Seconds later, offered the extended mug, and I accepted.  I looked at Order who was smiling as Truth approached with the familiar gold necklace in hand, dangling from her fingers.  As she approached she extended her arm and placed her other hand on my forehead.  She began to speak in the Other World tongue.  I remember my eyes feeling so heavy I could not keep them open.  I became light-headed and blacked out.
The next thing I recall is waking up again in the unknown room.   As I scanned the room, I saw no one present.  I scanned the perimeter and visualized a sphere similar to the one that I had seen with Order at the park.  Feeling rested, curious and pain free, I got out of bed and approached the sphere.  Standing in front of it I gazed in, and what I saw was truly amazing.  The sphere had what appeared to be lightening within it.  As I looked more closely, I saw what looked like ectoplasm moving in a circular motion inside the sphere shining brightly.  There was also a tunnel that went as far back as I could see.  In my current reality, I realized the clocks of neighboring houses had stopped, and a person walking in my peripheral was as stiff as a board.  Peculiar, it was if everything was frozen in time.  Of the surrounding houses I saw people but frozen in mid-movement.  Enthralled, I took a deep breath and decided to step in.  Placing my right foot first, followed by my leg, and then the rest of my body, I entered.  Inside the sphere, I felt like an astronaut in space, weightless.  I quickly realized that I wasn't breathing but somehow was still able to move about freely, free of gravity or oxygen.  Around me spirits spun in the endless tunnel.   I felt extremely foreign.  When I tried to walk I couldn't.  I waved my arms through the air in front of me and started to glide to where I believed the end would be, looking to my right and left.   Seeing places and people, some familiar, most not.  In scrutiny, scenes that appeared to be medieval and others that seemed futuristic.  The tunnel was quiet, and as I focused on a time or place, I could see the scene play out before my eyes.  One particular scene showed a family sitting around a table in an old farmhouse.  With a fire burning in the background, it reminded me of the Little House on the Prairie.  I saw them blowing out candles and getting ready for bed.  I watched, as they seemed happy.  In another scene I saw cars with people in them.  I assumed it was the future because I saw cars resembling the Jetson-mobiles.  They didn't drive on land but hovered above it (Japan: 2020).  They were truly unbelievable as they jetted about, darting through the sky with great speed.   After staring for what felt like minutes, I pushed forward when another scene caught my eye.  By letting down my legs, I stopped and looked in, amazed.   I decided to jump out of the tunnel and into the scene, but didn't know exactly how or what to do when I did, so naturally I felt hesitant.  However, I decided to just go for it. 'No sweat, no glory.'  As I jumped out of the tunnel and into the scene before me, I felt a shocking surge through my body.  My body stiffened and I gulped for a breath of air.  I fell onto a concrete ground, landing as hard as if I had fallen from a ten-story building.  I brushed myself off and stood to see a familiar sight.  I was looking at what I assumed to be my old high school, recognizing the familiar setting and surroundings.  I observed the flagpole positioned in front, our school mascot the yellow jacket, painted on the front entrance of the three-story brick building.  Also, the school's gymnasium, which was separated from the school, positioned across from the main entrance.  A feeling of nostalgia swept over me.  I realized that it was a time in my life that wasn't as bad as I had made it out be.  As I recognized an old friend walking away I proceeded to follow him. 
"Brian," I yelled.  Witnessing him turn around as if he had heard me, but then turned back around.  
"Yo Brian, dude!" I yelled.  Surprisingly, he turned around again as if he heard me, but then turned back again.  I stood and watched him walk away as people passed right through me as if I was a ghost or a spirit.  Realizing that no one could see me.  Having never really been a ghost, but from what I have seen in countless movies, not-to-mention those I had encountered, I was acting very ghostly.  As I continued to walk, entered the school, and started to run toward my class.  Arriving at my classroom, I entered the room and walked to the back where I recognized my old history classroom, Mr. Swingers' class.  Scanning the classroom, I looked at each of the students and found myself in the mix, still appearing to look the same, age appropriate.  Observing my old classmates, I felt a rush of excitement as waves of contentment swept over me.  As a CNN clip played on the television screen I watched it until it came to an end.  I then saw myself ripping out a piece of notebook paper, writing the information down.  Rushing to the adjacent desk, I was sitting as the clip ended and the lights came on.  I waved my arms in the air above my head.
"Fisher no," I yelled aloud.  I hoped that I could hear myself.  I then had a moment of achievement when I saw myself, the younger version that is, look toward where I was standing.  I tried approaching myself but felt a pulling sensation as I tried.  It took everything I had to stand up until I was flying through the air as if an elastic band had been tied to my waist, retracting me.  I felt as though I was being yanked and its force was so intense that I was helpless.  Flying backwards through the air, I turned to look and saw that one of the spirits had a hold of me.  Gliding through the air, the sphere appeared to be getting smaller.  It was shrinking dramatically until it was the size of a small car, and getting smaller by the second.  In a diving motion, I turned my body toward it.  I flew head first for the tunnel and once inside the tunnel had sped up considerably.  The spirits seemed to be moving faster and faster by the second, much faster than I could focus, and the scenes of places or times flew by faster as well.  I looked toward the end and saw myself lying in a bed with my mother bedside, grasping my hand.  Upon closer examination, I saw machines next to what I presumed to be my bed; my end, my beginning, continued to shrink.  It was shrinking faster than I anticipated.  I weightlessly dove, flying and gaining speed.  I turned my head to look back and saw the tunnel, once endless before, now chasing me.  I closed my eyes as I approached the opening while I prayed that I would make it out.  Moments later, after inhaling a deep breath of air, I fell into my body: hard and swift.  When I opened my eyes, I was back in my room.  As I sat up in bed, my Mother next to me become aware of the fact that I was awake.  As she broke out into tears, I leaned over to give her a hug,
"How long have I been gone, Ma?" I asked.  She smiled and with tears racing down her face said, 
"Ten years . . . ten years."  I too began to break down, sobbing hysterically.  I looked around the house and realized things were much different.   
"Where's Dallas, where's Amanda?" I asked, as she released her hug and absorbed the chair next to the bed. 
"They are grown up now, and have lives of their own," she said as she wiped away her tears,
"I'm sorry Mom.  I didn't want or plan to put you through this.  I tried to stop it, but couldn't.  I don't know."  
"It's fine son.  I'm glad you're back," she said as she began to dab her face with a cloth at the mascara smeared from her tears.  
"What did I do?" I asked in ignorance. 
"You have been in a coma and on life support," she replied as she bit her bottom lip, trying to hold back more tears.  I struggled to pull out the IVs. 
"No son, you must not do that until they run some tests.  I have to make some phone calls." She stood up and exited the room.  
Sitting in bed moments later, I could hear my Mom speak in the next room when my Step-Dad entered smiling.  I smiled as well and raised my arms behind me, propping my head up.
"Long time no see Gobble-da-bull," he said.  
"Sorry to put you through this, with Mom and all, Wild Man," I said, as he grinned and sat in the chair next to the bed.  
"No biggie, what was it like where you were?"  I smiled, caught off guard. 
"What?" I asked suspiciously. 
"Sorry, I was just curious if you could hear us and wondered if you had an out-of-body experience or something.  You see, I have been reading these books on coma patients," he said as he leaned forward.  
"The book shares their experiences and that's what some of them say they encountered."  
"Yeah, it was cool."  I said uncomfortably.  
"I saw places and times that were different than where we are right now." As I smiled   My Step-Dad was almost glowing, grinning from ear to ear while listening intently.  Then I heard tires squealing on the pavement outside, as I turned to look out of the room with my talent, I saw a black Chevy truck with tinted windows.  As the driver's door opened, Dallas exited.  He starting to run towards the house, seconds later entered the room.  He had changed the most out of anyone I had seen thus far.  He now had facial hair and was much taller with broad shoulders.  As he entered the room, he stood quietly staring as his eyes filled with tears. 
"What's up little man," I said as I smiled through my own tears. 
"I'm not little anymore, bro." As he lifted his shirtsleeve, he flexed his bicep and smiled.   I watched his tears fall and hit the floor, making it hard for me to breathe as he approached the bed.  He leaned over to give me a hug. 
"Bro, I'm tired of seeing you in these beds, hooked up to machines all the time, it's not a good look for you," he said as I laughed, 
"Well, I'm tired of seeing you period, exclamation point, that's why I leave," I replied with a grin, wiping away my tears.  At about that time, Mom entered the room and stood at the doorway.  I saw a sparkle in her eye.  No one spoke.  We shared this silence, and reflected on the time that had passed.  Moments later I saw headlights through the blinds, as I turned to look, I saw Amanda park and exit her car while clutching a child in her arms.  
"Mom, Amanda's here," I said.  Mom looked surprised. 
"How did you know that?" she asked, showing a confused expression. 
"Lucky guess." 
Mom turned to exit the room and greet her.  Dallas and my Step-Dad, standing next to the bed, carried on a conversation amongst themselves.  Moments later, Amanda entered the room wearing a blank expression on her face.  The look she gave can only be described, as one would have when seeing someone back from the dead.  
"Sis, what happened to you?" I asked, sitting up in bed.  She now had the figure of a woman instead of a young girl.  She smiled as her eyes swelled with tears. 
"What happened to you?" she asked as she leaned over, gently sitting her kid down on the floor. 
"Billy, this is your uncle Fisher."  As she pointed towards me he immediately bolted towards the bed, stopping just shy of the bed and raising his arms, apparent wanting up.  I bent over and began to lift him but felt pain shoot through my body. 
"Ouch," I yelled as everyone rushed over. 
"Are you okay?" they asked in unison. 
"Yeah, just a little rusty I guess," as I smiled through the pain. 
"Well yeah, you haven't moved anything other than your fingers in ten years.  I'd say rusty's a good word for it," Mom said as everyone laughed.  I looked down at Billy, my nephew, who was now sitting in my lap.  He touched my face with his little man hand. 
"Fisher," he said in a pure voice as I smiled with emotions running wild.  It was sad seeing my nephew for the first time already speaking.  It had been so long and I felt happy to be back, but also sad for what I had put them through.
Exchanging dialog, they brought me up to speed with all that had happened in the past ten years.  They later explained how expensive it was to keep me on life support and how they couldn't have done it without the help of Dr. Scott.  
"Dr. Scott, how the devil is he?" I asked as they smiled. 
"Well, he called everyday when you first went under, but as the years passed it became less regular.  He covered your medical expenses.  He must be a good friend." I couldn't help but grin in appreciation. 
"How did you know him anyway?"  Mom asked inquisitively, revealing a look of puzzlement.
"Oh, I guess you could say we share mutual aspirations." 
She knew I was withholding information.  She knew I was not telling her everything, judging by her inconspicuous eyes.  She knew, but she didn't care.  The rest of the night I enjoyed the company of my family.  I hated that I had missed out on ten years, but felt glad I was able to appreciate the time we had left. 
The following day the Doctor came to run tests and to check to make sure everything was normal, for lack of use of a better word. 
"Fisher, you are a medical breakthrough," the Doctor voiced as he smiled.
"What do you mean?" I asked.
"You are one in a handful that has ever been in a coma for this long, and what's even more baffling is that your body appears to have stopped aging in that time frame, truly remarkable." He jotted down something he read from the machine overhead onto his clipboard,
"It was like you were frozen in ice that melted, leaving you in perfect condition as you were before.  We have seen something similar with fish, although, the fish literally had been frozen for a length of time.  X amount of time later, when pulled from a freezer, as the ice meted, or the fish thawed I guess," as he smiled.  
"They slowly came back to life.  But you, a human who never was frozen, are a breakthrough."
"That's cool huh?" I was happy to hear the news and smiled, 
"Cool isn't the word for it.  I would have a hard time believing it had I not seen it with my own eyes.  Your body shut down, but your mind was intact, as if you had simply fallen asleep?"  
"Well Doc, thank-you, I feel great." 
"Well don't be wondering off, I think your family missed you." he said, with a caring smile.  
"No problem, thanks again," the doctor exited the room and I was finally free to move about, machineless.  I stood up but felt dizzy doing so.  My Mom and Dallas held my arms to help brace me as I tried to walk.  I heard and felt my bones pop from stress as my knees wobbled and felt like at any moment they would buckle under my weight.  But with time I was able to eventually stand by myself.  
At first, I started walking with assistance of crutches until I could stand enough pressure on my aching bones.  Days passed and people came and went.  I spoke to reporters, family members, and old friends.  I also spoke with Doctors, strangers, even a guy that wanted to write a book about my life.  I smiled, knowing it was already in progress, but felt complimented.  
Dr. Scott came to visit as well.  He was as happy as I had seen anyone, and for the first time, I was able to speak openly about my experience.  I told him about the different scenes, the times and places.  I then described how it was similar to a television, and each channel being a different time or place, and how hypothetically, you could just flip around until you saw something you liked.  I asked about his research and if he had made any progress, but there was none to speak of.  The dream had died but was now reborn through me.  Therefore, I tried to describe everything I had seen in perfect detail.  After all, I was grateful and appreciative that he had kept me alive.  Dr. Scott explained his theories about time being non linear, and the reality of a co-existing universe, or multi-verse, that he believed coincided with ours.  He said that it was something about the same time, but different, allowing travel through wormholes.  His theories helped in explaining why ten years had passed in relative time, but only minutes had passed for me.  We sat for hours speaking about what if, how, and why.  Both of us were open minded to other's perspective and theories, and enjoyed the company.  
*
Voice:
"Is science the answer to every question, or hope of finding some tangible proof to questions that are unanswerable?  Is proof strictly physical, or is proof ambiguous?  Is it under our noses or perhaps beyond our eyes?  If we knew the truth, could we handle it?  Or would we live in denial of what we know to be true?  Did you know that each cell in the human body contains more information than all thirty volumes of the Encyclopedia Britannica?"
"By faith we understand that the worlds were framed by the word of God, so that things which are seen were not made of things which are visible."  Hebrews 11:3
*
Dr. Scott stayed in town for a couple days as a guest of my family.  He ran tests and asked questions, but it wasn't long until he was set to depart.  I asked that he visit as often as he could, and he agreed.  Shortly after he left, Mom told me something that blew my mind.
"Son, you remember Comfort?" 
"Yes Mom, what about her?" I asked suspiciously, but more embarrassed. 
"Well," as she smirked.  
"She called every month to check on your progress, and last night.  Well, last night I called her to let her know you were doing well.  She is on a flight to come visit." My heart skipped a beat, like a greyhound out of the gate at the start of a race.  I felt weak at the knees and butterflies swarming in my stomach.  Sitting in a chair of the living room, reality set in and I started to feel nervous, then I became excited. 
"When will she be here?" I asked, enthusiastically. 
"She should be here in about an hour or so."  As Mom glanced down at her watch she smiled. 
"Would you like to go with me to pick her up from the airport?"  My smile grew from ear to ear and I could not mask my emotions, as I felt anxious all of a sudden.
"Would I?  Do horses roll the hay?  Do bears live in the woods?  Do bees live in hives?" as I jumped up my Mom smiled. 
"Okay, well go get some nice clothes on.  I wouldn't want her to see you in anything but your best."  I hobbled up the stairs to change, and proceeded to get around.  
Twenty minutes later we were en route to the Springfield-Branson Regional Airport.  I sat buckled in the passenger seat, absorbing the beautiful scenery and looking into Mother Nature's eyes.  The trees, blowing with the wind, appeared to dance as they swayed back and forth angelically.  The clouds seemed to smile down as they floated effortlessly overhead as the sun hung in the backdrop of the mosaic.  I had forgotten what life was all about.  The silly, often overlooked details are what I had missed most.  My daily rituals were much larger and much more appreciated rather than held in contempt.  At a four-way stop intersection, the sun's rays shined through the branches of trees as I became aware of a monarch butterfly fluttering by. I stared with amusement.  
*
Voice:
"Monarch butterflies can fly up to one hundred miles a day."
*
'How peculiar,' I mused.  I could not recall the last time I had seen a butterfly.  As adults with busy lives, we are so preoccupied with every day survival that a butterfly could fly in front of our faces and we not see it.  I myself am guilty of the deceptive, lucid, cat and mouse game we have adapted under the guise of living.  I smiled and found irony in the moment.  Comfort, my butterfly, had taken flight.  I could not imagine holding onto her wings.  One cannot hold onto a butterfly's wings, for it would simply and tragically die.    
Soon after, we arrived at the airport and parked our car.  We walked inside to patiently wait in the passenger arrival designation.  Being patient was a slippery bar of soap, however.  I was a nervous wreck, anticipating what was about to happen.  
If there ever was a time in my life when I felt like I could walk on water, it was this momentous . . . moment.  I felt ecstasy running through my veins and was antsy to see Comfort.  I wanted to hear her voice, learn of what she had accomplished and thought that she may be famous by now.  Mom was sitting next to me and seemed content.  I could sense she adored Comfort by the tone she maintained when she spoke of her. 
Minutes dragged on but when it was about time for Comfort's flight to arrive, I excitedly stood up and watched passengers from other flights exit.   Walking down the corridor, some passengers raced toward their loved ones and others causally paced their strides while clutching their possessions.  I could see auras of everyone as I waited.  Then I finally saw Comfort.  She wasn't walking down the corridor in the midst of the crowd, I kind of cheated cheetah.  I jumped to the runway, where the planes were landing and saw Comfort sitting in her seat, with her hair pulled back into a pony tail.  I watched her as she unbuckled her seat belt and stood up.  With the plane being pulled by a trolley to its bay, she began to retrieve her carry-on luggage out of the overhead compartment.  A few seconds later, which felt like hours, the plane docked and passengers began to shuffle off the plane.  Butterflies and chill bumps had set in.  Her face shined, eyes beamed and her aura radiated.  Her aura had grown since the last time I had seen her.  Her face had changed, but not by much.  It was the same Comfort I remembered seeing days ago, but in reality it had been ten years.  I did not want to cheat anymore with my talent.  I wanted to experience the real moment by waiting to watch her walk down the corridor and through the gates.  After jumping back to my current position, it wasn't but a couple more minutes when I saw her.  It was as if the scene was in slow motion and like no one else was present.  It was just she and I.  In my head I heard the music accompanied by a choir of angels in a grand orchestra piece.  Visualizing my twin flame, I saw her eyes sparkling blue and with each step she maintained such grace.  As she walked toward me, about midway through the corridor Comfort took off at a slow jog, weaving through the crowd.  She arrived at the gate and started running toward me with her arms stretched out.  I had already begun walking, or hobbling over to meet her.  She dropped the bag she had draped over her right shoulder to the floor below and leapt toward me.  I caught her in midair, straining from pain but feeling none at the same time.  I wrapped my arms around her neck and held her tight in my arms as she wrapped her legs around my waist.  I closed my eyes, took a deep breath and absorbed Comfort's familiar smell.  I leaned back to look into her eyes and gave her a kiss as Comfort smiled.  I thought to myself, 'what if she is married or had a boyfriend?' then threw caution to the wind and kissed her again but this time longer.  Meanwhile, retrieved a rose that I had hid in my sleeve and gently sat her down.  At the sight of the rose, or perhaps from the impact of the moment, she started to cry.  Mom, who had been standing back watching, had crept up on me as she placed her hand on my shoulder and began rubbing my back.  As I turned to look, my Mom was wiping her eyes.  Being a softy at heart with a delayed reaction, tears began streaming down my face as well.  Moments later, after drying our eyes, I walked with Comfort's hand in mine to retrieve the bag she had dropped.  I then continued to walk toward the bag carousel as my Mom and Comfort struck up conversation in a natural chord.  After waiting at the carousel, it wasn't long until Comfort's suitcase had arrived and we proceeded towards the car.  Staring at Comfort, I felt convinced she was an angel in plain clothes.  Or an angel living in a world of hate, fueled by greed, self-fulfillment and egocentric beliefs.  She was truly one of a kind; my drug, my medicine, to say the very least.  There was no doubt that I was still head over heels in love with her.  Although she had changed, in my eyes she was still the same.  
On the car ride home, we began catching up on the lost years and she expressed how good I looked.
"When we go out people are going to think I'm your Mom, you realize that?"  She said jokingly.  I felt no need to respond to the statement.  When we arrived home I carried in her bags.  My mom and Comfort continued to hit it off, talking nonstop.  Once inside, to my surprise Mom had invited everyone over for dinner.  I was greeted by all of my loved ones and it was awesome seeing my family together again.  Equally awesome was being able to parade Comfort around the room and having the pleasure of introducing her to each of my family members.  There were a few awkward moments since some of my family members think they are comedians.  But all is told with good intentions, so it is what it is and I was happy to deal with it.  Later that evening the entire family sat around the dinner table and I took in the familiar faces.  Realizing that the life we have been given is bigger than I could ever begin to understand, it was in that moment that I understood the secret to life.  No special talents or abilities were necessary.  I could read on my family's faces the words they wanted to express.  I also saw the change and maturation of most during the dinner.  I realized that I was absent in this world, minutes in my perspective but was ten years for them.  I wanted to be able to share my experience with everyone, to tell him or her what I had seen and what had happened, but I couldn't find the voice to speak.  I couldn't bare the pain of them knowing that their suffering and agony was long-lived compared to mine.  I felt selfish and realized that I had stolen precious time from them which I could not repay.   I cruised about, popping in and out of their lives, always looking the same and never aging.  I then realized I should not let my thoughts plague the present.  I should try to be happy with the time I did have and enjoy our time left. 
After dinner we took a unanimous vote to play a board game.  Time flew by as we talked about any and everything.  Finally Comfort and I got some time to ourselves and I inquired about her music career and her personnel life.  She then asked to play a CD and mad-dashed up the stairs.  Moments later she returned and placed the CD into my Moms surround sound stereo system.  She introduced the CD as her demo and the entire family gathered to listen.  I closed my eyes, and momentarily found myself getting lost in the elegance of her voice.  Her music was great!  It sounded like something you would hear on the radio, except positive and uplifting, similar to Poor Spirits.  Her music had heart and soul and the entire family expressed how great it was, all wanting copies.  Comfort in later conversations talked about her past relationships, none of which were as cool as ours.  I learned that she had been hurt in the past by one or two of them and was now by choice single and celibate for the last three years.  
As the night came to a close, it wasn't long until we decided to get some shut-eye.  Comfort slept in Dallas's old room, but midway through the night, snake, snakidy-snake, managed to sneak out of the room and into mine.  I gladly accepted the bombardment and held her tightly in my arms, enjoying her touch and warmth long into the morning hours.  
The next few days we were inseparable.  We went to the local restaurants and festivities and laughed and joked about the past and the present.  She also coined a nickname for me: 'Sleeping Beauty.'  In light of this new name, I thought of one for her, which I cleverly devised: 'old lady.'  Thankfully she laughed in good spirit.  Speaking of spirits, I saw them often, but they didn't try to bother me.  In fact, when I saw Dark Siders, they would run or vanish from sight.  It was indeed a change of pace, seeing as how I once feared them.  I wasn't sure why they avoided me, but I liked it all the same.  Everyday I spent morning to night listening to Comfort, trying to hold on to each word, each laugh and each breath as long as I could.  Observing her every move, I attempted to memorize her.  Admittedly, this often freaked her out, but I blamed this awkwardness on the coma.  I just wanted to refresh my mind, to remember her exactly as she was at that point in time. 
Days passed like hours and the nights swept by.  The next thing I knew Comfort was packed and set to depart.  I thought of ways to make her stay and ways I could go with her, but like the physics standard model, in the end nothing made sense.  I mean, my life didn't make sense whatsoever.  I wanted more than anything to be with her.  She was after all the only person who I felt understood me.  She was the only person I could confide with and the only person to have held my heart.  
Standing in the driveway, I watched the cab drive off, carrying the world's most precious cargo: a butterfly who was the love of my life.  I felt peace knowing she would be safe and forever be loved.  I stood long after the cab left, trying to absorb each moment we shared.  I then saw my Mom peeking out of the kitchen window as she used to do years ago, attempting to be slick but mainly nosy.  I saw and tried to catch her, but with years of practice, being slick as she is, she slid off to the side and out of sight.   She truly was as smooth as I always remembered her being and it made me smile.  She, of course, didn't know that I could see through walls.  I walked inside where my Mom stood in the kitchen with her arms outstretched.  As I approached we shared a loving embrace.  She liked Comfort I knew.  I missed Comfort already as well, but couldn't for both of our sakes.  For my sanity, and hers, I had to let her go once and for all.  
Under normal circumstances I would have ran into the street and chased after the cab, screaming out her name and begging for her to stay.  I would have accomplished the feat long before this point in time.   As pathetic as it may seem, that night I was unable to sleep, and I leaned toward the side of the bed where Comfort had slept and smelled the sheets, matching the familiarity of my mind with her essence.  Which, odd, random, strange, Jonas Brothers, helped me to fall asleep.
Back to Contents



Chapter: Fifteen.

After Comfort's much too brief visit, I came to the realization that I was going to have to try and live a somewhat-normal life.  I enrolled in some local vocational college courses at Ozark Technical Communication College in my hometown.  I also got a job working at the local cemetery as a yard-hand, which I found ironic.  I also moved out of my parent's house and into my own place across town, where I was pretty comfortable.
For months I kept up a fairly simple routine.  Spending most of my downtime with my family, I didn't really care to have much of a personnel life.  After all, why kid myself and try to drag others into my crazy world?  I stayed in contact with Dr. Scott, talking with him on a weekly basis.  He constantly quizzed me on what I thought and had seen, as well as speculations and pried for information pertaining to the Other World.  I saw wormholes fairly often, but as much as I wanted to go and explore I knew deep down that I shouldn't.  I mean, who knows if I went what could or might happen?  Naturally Dr. Scott encouraged me to go back, but I couldn't.  I wanted to see my family grow and wanted to be with and near them.  
I would go and visit my Mom who would cook dinner and ask about any and everything under the sun.  I would eat, converse and then leave.  I would often hang out during the day with Dallas, riding motorcycles and four wheelers while enjoying the outdoors and having fun.  Amanda lived with her husband and my nephew and had another bun in the oven.  Overall, I believe I was content and doing well for the first time in sometime.  
At times when sitting in class I thought to myself, 'you know, I could know for sure if I really wanted to.'  And understanding the simple fact that the winners are the ones who write history (objective perspective), I tried my hardest to be content with my life, however, no matter how hard I tried to blend into society I found myself at the other end of the ball of yarn.  I tired, I truly did.  I just knew that there was so much left unanswered, so much left to understand.  Which is why one day after a great deal of contemplation I decided to again go into a wormhole.  
I called Dr. Scott, and asked if he would fund my coma process.  This took no convincing and he jumped at the opportunity.  All that was left was to tell my family the truth because I felt they deserved to know.
One evening, after calling a family meeting hosted at my Mother's house, I geared up and explained everything.  I thought they would find it hard to believe, but oddly enough, they seemed to understand.  I explained how I may return to another coma, but that I wouldn't feel pain or experience any lapsed time.  Having Dr. Scott as a wingman helped with the explaining process.  Had I been the only one, they would have committed me to a mental ward.  I felt that deep down they knew something was at work here, since I hadn't aged in years and periodically knew things at places or times that I couldn't have.  When all was said and done, I said my goodbyes and asked that they try to understand.
I then walked out the front door of my Mother's house and took one last look at the street as I felt my emotions running wild.  Trying to block out the image of my family standing at the window, crying, waving, and quietly pleading for me to stay with them.  Something inside me pushed on, and I proceeded to walk in search of the wormhole that I had regularly seen in the past.  The wormhole near my house, the wormhole from my first trip.  It would appear for a short time and then vanish.  I seriously hoped that this trip would be a good one, pun intended.  A few minutes passed and with Dr. Scott by my side, I saw the wormhole appear.
"It's game time," I said with a grin, extending my right arm in appreciation to shake his hand.  
I then turned and approached the sphere.  Taking a deep breath I stepped inside.  Returning was the familiar feeling of not having to breathe and becoming weightless as I spread out flat.  Suppressing my anxiety, I became overcome with exhilaration.  Beginning my journey, I moved forward to where one would assume the end would be.  I looked out as far as I could see but saw no end.  Picking up the pace, I leaned forward, extended my arms and kicked my legs.  Gliding through the air a rush of excitement surged as my mind seemed to connect.  I rolled over onto my back and gazed at the different scenes.  One scene particular was a prehistoric place and time.  I saw what appeared to be living and breathing dinosaurs.  This fascinated me and I decided to check it out firsthand.  As I slowed my speed, I had decided to take it to the next level.  Feeling a surge of shock, I landed hard on the dirt ground below.  I stood up, dusted myself off and gazed about.  I was mesmerized by the creatures' size and brilliance; struck with disbelief.  Here I was, existing in a time before known man.  It was insane!  It was awesome!  As I looked with adoration, my mind rebelled in bewilderment.  Shortly after, I decided that I would climb a tree, which it in itself was amazing.  Once atop, I could see a large body of water in the distance with mountains in the background.  A calm sensation overwhelmed me and I absorbed the serenity.  I felt the bliss of their existence.  There were no chemtrails from planes overhead and no noise from the congestion of life to which we have adapted. 
*
Voice:
"Imagine if we had one day a year where all over the world planes did not fly and no one drove their automobiles.  Not realistic?  Not possible?  Well what if we did it?  Much like peace, if we were to agree we would then disagree about ways to attain it.  Nonetheless, should those few who wouldn't want it keep us from doing it?
We are now living in what has been called the 'Sixth great extinction,' where roughly thirty thousand animal species a year are becoming extinct.  Think in these terms: in the animal kingdom, a lion is at the top of the food chain.  It does not kill the entire herd of gazelles.  Since it knows it will need to hunt tomorrow.  Also, a lion does not hunt other lions.  Not to forget the birds and the bees.
I make light of the matter, but it matters!  This is not propaganda and this is not self-serving.  Give our planet one day.  One day any of us could do.  Our planet is alive, so with this frame of mind, why are we suffocating it?  I vote to allocate one day for our tiny blue planet to catch her breath.  No, I am not green peace or any affiliate group.  No, I am not the guy that will stand and picket to protest on the street.  I am a normal person just like you.  A person that is tired of corruption and tired of the distorted views of life.  Tired of the illusion, the lies, and tired of the desensitizing.  I am a voice for those that cannot be heard.  If you don't stand for something, you stand for nothing.  For those with passion in pursuit of a different world, you are being heard.  DON'T GIVE UP THE FIGHT!"
*
Returning to the story, the trees were vibrant and full of color. The only sounds that could be heard were those of nature.  I witnessed huge creatures flying overhead in flocks, resembling what we know to be pterodactyls.  I was mesmerized as they soared across the sky.  The dinosaurs I saw were large and very intimidating to say the least.  Imagine a moving skyscraper.  It was mind-boggling.  I felt blessed and fortunate to see such a place.  Looking into this prehistoric world, I witnessed their existence as they lived in harmony.  I watched from atop for minutes with content, until I began to fall backwards as if being sucked into the wormhole.  Seconds later, I was back inside the tunnel I saw the starting point and the end as I stretched out my arms and pushed forward my legs, beginning to fly.  Weightlessly I glided and observed the tunnel beginning to close and shrink all around me.  I looked as I made my approach and saw the end, my beginning, shrinking considerably faster than I had anticipated.  It soon shrunk to the size of a basketball with yet miles to go.  I thought to myself 'there is no way I am going to make it.'  As I looked back the tunnel was closing behind me.  Here, I accepted the reality that I was not going to make it out.  Kicking in survival mode, without hesitation, I quickly jumped into the first scene that I saw to my right.  
Outside the wormhole I gulped for a breath of air and fell to the ground below.  I turned over on my back as the remnants of the wormhole disappeared from sight.  Upset, uncertain, noise of a crowd overwhelmed my thoughts as I turned to look, I realized I was in Ancient Egypt, specifically in the Valley of Giza.  I saw two of the three pyramids; the great sphinx wasn't even an idea yet.  In disbelief, in awe, I was looking at a place foreign to many, except for the millions of people before me.  Looking into the palace, I saw the Pharaoh sitting on his throne as people brought offerings to their God of the land.
*
Voice:
"Ironic: Our gods are not Osiris, Zeus, or Apollo.  You may know them as Justice, Liberty, and Freedom."
*
As I looked into the town, I saw people as we are today: gathering, trading, living, and loving.  I began walking around and scanned the area in search of wormholes.  I was hoping one would emerge, preferably sooner than later.  I had no idea how much time had passed but it felt like hours.  Out of frustration I decided to climb to the top of one of the two pyramids.  I looked out into the land, scanning the horizon and hoping for a sign.  It was then that I realized that I was lost, and not even alive.  I was just a spirit or soul.  I felt like I could be seen by some, but not by most and not for any length of time.  I felt more alone than ever and longed for home.  To complicate matters, I had no plan or idea of what to do.  All I could do was wait in a land foreign to me, with no guide or handbook to follow, no one to turn to or to ask for guidance.  I was left with just my basic instincts.  
The sun, at one time in front of me, was now at my back.  This confirmed that much time indeed had lapsed.  Upset, I paced the top of the pyramid and blamed myself for my ignorance and reckless behavior.  It was in this moment of frustration that I saw a wormhole appear faintly in the distance.  In the instant I felt rejuvenated and took off sprinting as fast as I could with time in front of me, at the same time, against me.  Soon I arrived at the base of the sphere, where with no regards to thoughts I dove in headfirst.  Once inside I saw the end and my original starting point.  I jumped forward, extending my legs, gliding toward the end.  Excitement building, seconds later, the sprits of the tunnel began to speed up considerably.  Consequently, the wormhole was beginning to close and I noticed the same picture as before, only not as far to go.  As I looked to the end, I saw my room with myself in bed.  Next to the bed I saw machines with clear tubes connected to me.  Becoming anxious I worried that I was not going to make it out of the wormhole in time, unaware of the consequences of being stuck in a dissipating wormhole.  In a relentless effort, I prepared for the reality that I wasn't going to make it out by closing my eyes.  Seconds later, I felt an intense gravitation that took my breath away as I landed hard into my body and in present time.
Gasping for air, I opened my eyes and realized I had succeeded with my escape.   I looked around the house and was more than thankful to be back.  Only things had changed dramatically.  Looking toward the living room I saw my Mother sitting on the couch.  Only she was much older.  Continuing to look around, I saw no sign of my Step-Dad.  
"Mom," I yelled aloud, but received no response. 
"Mom!"  I yelled again, only louder, and saw her sitting on the sofa in front of the television yet looking toward my room.  
"I'm back!"  I yelled.  She strained to stand.  I watched attentively as she proceeded to walk towards my room.  Her skin had aged immensely and her body appeared older and frail.  With slow, calculated steps, she hunched over a walker.  Moments later arrived at my room as the door slowly opened.  Standing in the doorway, she began to cry, while trying to hide her face.  
"Mom, I'm back.  I love you." I said as she approached my bed.  She bent over and gave me a hug. 
"How long?" I asked, beginning to cry.  She released her hug and blankly stared while standing next to the bed. 
"How long, Mom?" I raised my voice and was eager to know just how much time had passed.  
"Forty years son . . . forty years.  I have been waiting for you," she said with a shortness of breath as her arms began to shake.  
"I prayed that my body would hold out until I got to see you one final time," she said.  As she looked down at the floor tears streamed down her face. 
"How are you?" I asked, becoming blinded by a storm of tears.  She smiled and tried to contain her tears.  After catching her breath she softly whispered,
"I'm good son.  I'm glad to see you.  I'm so glad you're back."  
"You look great." I said, my voice quivering with emotion.  She simply stared into my eyes, 
"Thank you.  I have to go make some phone calls to let everyone know you're back," she said as she turned to exit the room.  At that moment I had a strange feeling, similar to déjà vu, and didn't know what to think or say.
As the night progressed, my family came over to the house.  I remained stationary in bed.  I stared in disbelief as I witnessed the drastic changes everyone had experienced.  Dallas was a grown older man.  Amanda was grown and on the downhill slope of her life.  My nephew Billy, whom I was lucky enough to have been acquainted with near his birth, was now grown up with a family of his own.  I saw my Brother's wife and their kids, who were now adults with kids too.  I had obviously missed out on a great deal.  I felt a wave of nausea sweep over me.  I was sad that I hadn't been able to attend my Brother's wedding; that I hadn't been present in my Sister's life or in the lives of this new generation of family members.  My Mom was old and was suffering from Parkinson's disease, twitching uncontrollably.  I saw in my Mothers eyes the pain I had inflicted.  It wasn't as happy of a reunion as I thought it was going to be.  Forty years!  I didn't recognize them but I was still the exact same.  I couldn't think of anything happy to talk about.  I was a stranger in their eyes and I felt it.  I couldn't get over the fact that I had abandoned them and taken their love for granted.  I saw them all standing in my room as before.  The elders introduced me to the younger generations.  Everyone stared as I noticed their minds wander.  
As the night played on, I tried to absorb the stories, memories, of times I had missed.  A lot had gone by and things had definitely changed.  Heaven knows that I couldn't wrap my brain around the fact of the matter that I had missed out on forty years of life.  In a matter of possibly hours from my standpoint, so many years had passed for them and I found this reality to be unbelievable.  As time passed, my family members began to leave.  Soon enough I was sitting in my room alone.  
The following days, I had doctor after doctor drop by the house, run tests, take blood, and analyze my condition.  I answered question after question, and felt more like a prisoner or test subject than a human.  It took weeks of physical therapy for me to get to the point to be able to stand.  It took even more months for me to be able walk.  They ran tests proving my bone structure, tissue, and cellular levels to be those of an average twenty year old.  
I also learned of Dr. Scott's demise in recent years, and of my own Father and Stepfather's passing.  My family helped explain to me how our new form of government was called the New World Order.  Of the universal currency and laws that had been in effect for sometime, it was my understanding that we as a world had adapted a new policy for government.  An autocracy was in full swing.  I learned that each citizen was to receive a chip.  The V chip as it was called and was implanted into one's hand.  After doing this you were allowed to function in society.  If one didn't have the chip, I learned the adverse effect.  With one appointed leader, all trade went through his country of Turkey, a city-state, and through the central hub for business and government, Babylon.  The leader had personally introduced the cure for cancer, AIDS, and his most important contribution was, drum roll please . . . the fountain of youth.  Age? (An immortal pill.  Which is a semi-present reality.)  Apparently scientists had invented a cellular serum (MEMS) that slowed the aging process, promising to extending humans' lives five times the normal expectancy, with no foreseen complications or interruptions.  He also brought with his power peace, the likes of which never seen before.  He was a true leader and respected with high regard.  Almost everyone worldwide accepted him.  Some even proclaimed him as a prophet.  To the best of my understanding, the chip had been introduced for international security reasons, and supported all the attributes of technology.  It was at first hard to understand.  I understood some and saw it more as a control issue, but those who accepted him argued that it was liberating.  It wasn't long before I was approached for the implant.  If I refused, I understood that the consequences were severe. 
It happened on a normal afternoon while I was sitting in bed, when I saw a military vehicle pull up out in front of my Mom's house.  Two men in military attire came up and knocked on the front door.
"Two men from the New World Order are at the front door," I said to my Mother, sitting next to me.  She stood up and explained that if she didn't go and greet them, she could be charged with severe crimes.  At the door, I saw the two men speak to my Mother as she invited them in.  Moments later and still in bed, the men came upstairs and entered my room.  After their spiel, with no thought process involved, I decided not to go through with receiving the chip.  My family hadn't received the chip and nor would I.  Actually, it was my understanding that there were a lot of people that had refused to buy into the (commercials) New World Order.  This may have automatically made me an outcast in society, but we still had the freedom to choose.  They told me that for babies it was mandatory to receive the chip.  Upon refusal, food markets, bank branches, airports and other public freedoms that were given at one time were strictly prohibited to utilize.   
Mixed emotions ran when you spoke of the New Order.  The consensus of the populous majority regarding the chip was nothing but positive.  These people claimed that the New Order was transforming the world into a better place.  Others argued that it was not at all what is seemed, in fact much different, and spoke of end times.  
I was living in a time that I never would or could have conceptualized.  The New Order controlled everything you could think of; nearly all of the general public's intake of information.  They had even established curfews.  Stores were no longer allowed to carry certain things and people without the chip were forced to work for next-to-nothing.  It was not what I was expecting to come back to and witness.  I had heard that if you broke laws and were one of the ones that didn't have the chip, you were banished all together.  Rumors had spread that the New Order had built and legalized concentration camps for those disloyal.  And by disloyal, they decided what deemed as disloyal.  Those banished were never to be seen or heard from again.  I had landed in a real life horror story.   
That night, while carrying on a normal conversation with my Mom, she briefly paused mid-sentence as her eyes swelled with tears. 
"Son, why don't you leave?" she asked out of thin air.  
"What?" This shocked me.  I could not believe what I had just heard.  She smiled, cleared her voice and continued,
"Son, this is no way to live; this is torture," she pleaded with her eyes.
"I can't imagine you coming back and accepting this."  She smiled as I stared into her worn out, weary eyes.  She slowly reached out with her right hand and began to spread her fingers apart, gently placing her palm against my face. 
"You are something else son," she whispered softly. 
"I will always love you," as tear fell from her eye and raced down her face. 
"No time, place, or circumstance can change that."  Her delivery of words rendered me motionless and I was unable to express what I felt.  I just sat speechless.  Her hands trembled non-stop and her eyes slowly closed.  Her breaths noticeably short, appearing to struggle for air. 
"Mom, what's going on?" I asked.  Experiencing the feeling that she was sinking in troubled water.  Waiting for a response, I saw her head beginning to slowly fall as her arm fell to her side.  I reached out, grabbing her arm and lifting her head,
"Mom . . . Mom . . . please wake up!"  I yelled, crying, grabbing her by the shoulders and shaking her upper torso.  A note fell from her left hand and floated down to the carpet below.  I tilted her head back and checked for a pulse, but there was none.  As fear swept over me, I slowly reached down for the note, and wiped my running nose.  With the note in hand, I dried my eyes and took a couple of deep breaths, trying to get a grip on myself.  I unfolded the piece of paper that read:
"Son, I love you and am happy for you.  I waited as long as I could, but the time has come for me to go."  I couldn't continue to read and became destitute of vision as my nose ran profusely.  It was hard but I pressed on,
"You have a gift son.  You have something special that I don't understand, but I am proud of you.  I will always be with you.  The world is dying, as am I.  Stay focused on what is right and don't let anyone discourage you.  Until we see each other again, I love you, see you soon.  Take care, love Mom."  Instantly my body felt numb with emotion. My knees buckled from underneath me and I found myself falling to the ground.  Out of anger, I slammed my fists against the floor over and over.  I cried to the heavens and cursed God. 
"God, if you are real, show me!  I don't feel you, show me!  Show me a sign.  Strike me with lightening, anything!" 
An hour passed, perhaps a bit less, when I finally built up enough strength to phone Amanda and Dallas to see if they wanted to come over to help with Mom's proceedings.  I had felt alone before, but at was this point in my life I felt more alone than ever.  My Mom was everything to me.  I looked to her for guidance.  More than anything I wanted to be with her.  I wanted to die.  She was an incredible woman who stood by me no matter what.  She was smart, loving, caring, and will forever be missed.   
As I stood with Amanda and Dallas, we watched the coroner leave the driveway and felt empty.  One cannot describe the emotions involved with losing a parent.  This night in bed I was unable to sleep.  It was at four o'clock on the dot that I rose up in bed, but to be precise it was more like held up.  Being awoken.  I saw a gold blur in the air about five feet away approaching me.  In a daze and with blurred vision, a gold collection of particles materialized and hovered midair.  Strange, perplexed, my eyes saw one thing but my mind saw another.  My mind had gathered the particles as the collection looked like arms reaching out.  Coming within inches of my face, it didn't slow until it made contact with me.  Upon doing so I inhaled a deep breath and felt an intensely good feeling.  I was gently laid on my back, paralyzed from any movement.  Staring at the corner of my room toward the ceiling, I heard words from the right of me, words that I'll never forget:
"You have not yet, but yet not want to have.  You have not yet, but yet not want to have."  It repeated the same words over and over, then said, 
"Your heart will open up."  In that moment I felt another intense and sudden rush of energy consume my body.  I would associate to a euphoric, natural high or an explosion of energy, like none other.  After a few moments of this, I gasped for air and could move once again.  I sat up in bed and instantly started to cry.  I add, crying for an hour, overwhelmed with the energy.  My nose ran as I tried to catch my breath.  Then it dawned on me what I had said earlier.  Unable to fall asleep, I stayed up the rest of the night with more than usual on my mind.
A few days later my Mother's funeral took place.  I tried to be optimistic since I got to see a lot of friends and family, some of which had long been lost.  It was at the funeral that I felt like the black sheep of the family.  I received cold and darkly stares, ones that someone would give to an unfamiliar stranger.  Wolves and wolverines, I never saw it coming.  I felt as if my presence was not welcomed.  Some of them I still hadn't met.  But the ones I had met acted distant and indifferent.  Much like my experience with Chance and the circumstances surrounding the incident.  Thankfully, Dallas and Amanda stood by me through most of it, but when I wondered off, it was strange.  I wanted to go back in time to stop myself from going away the last time, but knew that nothing could change the present circumstance.  
After the burial service the immediate family went over to my Mother's house, where everyone talked about the good times and spoke kind words about her, celebrating her life.  Hearing them spoken helped find peace and brought smiles to our faces, despite the obvious devastation.  As I sat in a chair in the corner of the living room, reality really began to set in that my Mom was gone forever.  Watching everyone else mingling, I felt out of place.  Despite the obviousness of the situation, I felt I was still very different from others.  After a few hours, everyone began to scurry off as Dallas, Amanda and I started to clean the house.  It was nice to be with them.  While picking up some of the leftover plates scattered around the house, I asked Amanda,
"Had you ever heard Mom mention anything about Comfort?"  This comment made her smile from ear to ear,
"Yesss, why?"  
"Well, what did she say, crazy?"  Embarrassed, she revealed a mischievous look.
"Well, I know that she would call and talk to Mom about you.  She always checked up on you and that's all I know.  Oh, Mom did mention that she liked Comfort, and thought if you were still around you two would have gotten married and had a family."  In reaction to her statement, my eyes filled instantaneously with tears as I rested for a moment on the sofa.  Thoughts of Comfort and I overwhelmed my mind.  I smiled to myself, recalling how much my Mom had taken a liking to Comfort.  
"Do you know where Mom kept her phone number Rolodex?" I asked, snapping out of my daydream.  
"Fisher, Comfort would be late sixty to early seventies now, you realize that don't you?  I didn't know you're into that kind of thing."  She smiled, furrowed her brows and narrowed her eyes.  I simply smiled and realized she was correct.  Comfort was old now.  Imagining how she would look, I wondered how much she had changed, because in my minds eye I saw her forever young.
"Yes, give me her number." I said as I stood up and walked towards the kitchen.  Amanda opened a sliding drawer containing the Rolodex and placed it on the counter.  She retrieved an insert and extended it toward me.  The card in hand was labeled 'Fisher's Comfort.'  When Amanda handed me the card, it triggered a flood of memories.  My mother's personalization on the card, her penmanship, her Rolodex; her.  
After a brief moment of silence, I bit my lip and proceeded to walk towards the phone hanging on the wall.  I dialed the number from the index card and heard it ring on the other end.  I waited nervously and wondered what to expect as Amanda stood quietly beside me.  Seconds later I heard an older woman's voice pick up on the other end, instantly bringing a smile to my face.  
"Hello?  Is anyone there?" 
"Yes.  Hello?"  I answered, and heard a brief pause on the line. 
"Fisher, is it . . . can it be?" As I heard her southern belle accent, my eyes began to water.  I rested my head on the doorframe and became overwhelmed.
"Yes, it's me, Comfort," my voice quivered.   
"How are you doing?" she asked, in a higher octave.
"I'm okay.  Been better, and you?" I replied. 
"Comfort, who is it calling at this hour?" a man's voice in the distant background asked.
"It's nothing dear, go back to bed," Comfort said.  I heard movement in the phone as it sounded like she was walking into another room.  
"Fisher, it's been so long, so much has changed," she whispered, excitedly.  
"How is your music career going?" I asked ignorantly, not knowing what else to say.  
"You always could make me smile, music career." I heard a smile in her voice, then a sigh. 
"I'm so sorry, Comfort.  I should have stayed here with you.  I never should have left," I said beginning to break down.  
"Fisher, everything is as it should be.  I am blessed to have met you.  But I feel I need to tell you that you need to get over me." I burst into laughter hearing the humor she hadn't lost. 
"Very funny, Comfort," I said as she laughed. 
"Well, it's nice to hear from you, but I have to get some rest now since I have the grandkids tomorrow.  Stay in touch.  Goodbye Fisher." 
"Goodbye." I hung up the phone.  The word was more than goodbye.  The word meant goodbye forever.  I sank to my knees on the kitchen floor and rested my head against the wall.  I asked myself, what should I do now?
Back to Contents



Chapter: Sixteen.

Forty years had passed and the world had changed dramatically.  I felt useless and plagued with questions.  I had scenarios constantly running in my head.  I had seen the past, and seen the present.  Still though, I felt lost.  Imagine living today as if you had been asleep for most of your mature life and one day awoken.  I felt more than lost.  I felt tortured and tormented as I questioned why this had happened to me.  I'm nothing different or anything special.  I suppose I wanted to see and that was my curse.  Because once you see, you can't unsee.  Once you know, you can't claim to not know.  I had been robbed of reason and the more I learned, the less I wanted to know.  I had to accept my burden.  Lets face it; I couldn't function in society and had nothing in common with anyone.  Everyone I knew or loved was either distant or gone. 
One afternoon, I decided to take a walk uptown, unable to remain confined in the house filled with painful memories.  Walking around town I became aware of buildings with security cameras that were posted every-which-way one could look.  Inside businesses and retail shops I saw what looked like metal detectors that greeted everyone when entering an establishment.  This intrigued me, as a patron entered a place of business I decided to scope things out.  Upon entering, a voice came over a speaker system and an image displayed on the monitor next to the detector.  This monitor was manned by a New Order military officer, and depicted a person's photo, name, age, date of birth, along with other specifics that were illegible from where I was.  I decided to continue walking and saw more military-style people everywhere attempting to enforce the New Order regulations.  Seeing this my mind flashed to stories I had heard concerning people disappearing in multitudes, never again to be seen; the concentration camps.
Grabbing a spot on a nearby vacant bench, I continued to observe life.  A man with a white aura casually walking down the street, minding his own business caught my eye.  It wasn't so much him, but the car approaching him.  The car maintained its stalking approach coming to a speedy halt.  Next, I witnessed four men dressed in military fatigues exit the vehicle and approach John Q. Citizen.  The sight made me slightly nervous and I felt I should turn my keester and walk away. 
However, couldn't.  I saw two men from the New Order begin to restrain the pedestrian, holding one arm each.  As the third military guy approached, he was clutching what I assumed to be a scanner that he moved in a circular motion slightly above the man's hand, presuming to be scanning the pedestrian for his chip.  The stranger began begging to be released as the guy with the scanner said something to the other military officer.   The officer with the scanner retrieved a long, oblique object from out of his belt and approached the man being restrained.  He then held it up like one would a flashlight, aiming it between the man's eyes.  The military officer pressed a button on the back of the device as the man began to violently shake.  Seconds later, the pedestrian's body became limp and he collapsed onto the ground below.  Watching in disbelief, the two officers bent down and grabbed the body, then drug it to the rear of the vehicle and placed him into the back.  Bugging out, this must have showed on my face, since one of the military men directed his attention to me.  I'm sure I was wearing a redneck-at-an-opera kind of expression.  The officer made his approach as I calmly stood up off the bench and turned to walk away. 
"Name and serial number," I heard, as I nervously turned to face him. 
"Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't see anything," I replied with a charming grin, trying to mask my fear.  As I looked at his face, his eyes felt cold as if he was hypnotized.  He mindlessly stared for a few brief seconds, said nothing then turned to walk away.  I stood motionless for a brief moment, trying to catch my breath.  I tried to digest what had just taken place.  After taking a couple deep breaths, I decided it was time to head home.  En route, I could not begin to understand the significance of what I had witnessed.  My mind raced through the scenario over and over again like the annoyance of a pesky fly.  Should I have helped the man?  What was that about?  I tried to convince myself that there was a valid reason for that man to receive that treatment.  I mean, they couldn't just do that, right?
Minutes later I arrived home and called Dallas, relaying to him what I had just witnessed.  Following the call was an awkward silence as I heard a pause in the line.
"Well, Fisher, the New Order is now in full swing.  This is what we had foreseen and have known for sometime would take place.  They are taking any and everyone that refuses the chip for absolutely no reason, and are collecting more and more with each passing day."  
"How is that possible?"  I asked, dumbfounded. 
"The time of the end is near, Brother.  We will soon have to deal with the same fate, I'm afraid."  Part of me was unable to accept his message as we closed our conversation and I placed the phone back on the receiver.   Pacing around the house, I tried to think of ways to stop the Order, to rebel if you will.  I then realized that the world was now much different and government was much bigger than I.  Not to mention those under its spell.  Definition of spell: thinking they are thinking but only thinking what they have been programmed to think.  The only solution I could think of was: wormhole!
This night I was more than extra restless.  I was pacing tracks into the carpet of my Mother's abandoned house when I saw the wormhole appear.  I had previously spoken with each of my immediate family members and had explained that I may leave again.  They expressed that they understood.  Blazing-Barbie-dolls, they wanted to come along.  Stepping outside, I walked toward the wormhole and felt instantly relieved.  Looking to my left, in doubt, in fear, I witnessed a military car approaching, with cherries and berries blazing.  As I walked toward the sphere I heard a monotone voice over a speaker say,
"Stop and assist.  You have broken curfew regulations."  About twenty or thirty feet shy of the wormhole, the vehicle gained momentum and was now hot on my trail.  I turned and saw men pile out of the SUV and begin to run toward me, each holding that same looking weapon I had seen earlier.  Breaking out my old soccer skills, I took off running.  In fear of my life I took off as fast and as hard as I could.  Seconds later, when I turned to look back one final time, they were gaining on me.  Sweat beginning to build, my adrenaline pumped and I turned back around and from a few feet out, leapt toward the sphere.  I felt the pulling sensation, but it wasn't gravity or the absence of gravity.  One of the military men had jumped and in midair managed to grab hold of my leg.  Halfway inside the sphere I had with nothing to grab or hold.  In a fight or flight attempt to free myself, I turned over to my side and jerked my leg.  Looking back, I saw the man who had hold of my leg lose his grip.  Having pulled off my shoe, he fell backwards to the ground as I quickly shuffled into the wormhole.  Thankful to be safe, I realized the wormhole had changed.  It appeared to not be moving as fast as usual and the spirits seemed less abundant.  I felt as light as air and laid horizontally.  I pushed forward with my legs and began the glide while looking around mysteriously.  Usually I could see things as if they were occurring in the future.  I now couldn't.   I saw only events from the past.  Looking toward the end of the tunnel for the first time, I saw the end.  This time all I saw was an empty field.  It was large in size and beautiful.  I continued to glide toward the field until I arrived at the end.  Once there, I stepped out and gasped for air as I fell hard to the ground.  I then stood up and dusted myself off.  Around me were beautifully natural scenes.  The sun was setting on the horizon with mountains in the distance, and I could see nothing but a large field with green grass and flourishing trees.  Just as I heard someone call out my name and tried to focus on where the voice had originated.  I turned around to see Order approaching.  Boy was I glad to see her.  She appeared to be gliding over the field to me.  Seconds later, standing in front of me,
"Fisher, this is the battleground in which we will stand together to battle the Dark Siders.  It is called the Valley of Megiddo." 
"Why me?  I mean, why did you do this to me?" I asked out of frustration. 
"I was just a normal kid.  I'm now estranged from the modern world, and am a borderline freak." Order reached out and grabbed hold of my hand.  I felt an intense rush of energy surge through my veins, forcing me to close my eyes only to open them to see that the field that was empty was now full.  It contained billions of people.  It was the war I had seen earlier, briefly.  It was as if it was on pause as we walked inconspicuously around.  In the midst of the battle, I saw a definite segregation pertaining to the opposing sides.
"So this is it?" I asked with amazement. 
"This will be our destiny, Fisher.   You and I will be on the left, fighting for the Light Workers.  On the right are the Dark Siders."  I looked and could see people as far as one could see.  I saw the Light Worker's side lighting up the night and the Dark Sider's side, ruthless, venomous.  Their eyes glowing piercing red as I continued to observe the Dark Side.  I turned to look at Order as she smiled, then reached out with her arm as I extended my hand. 
"It's time to go," she said. 
"We will meet again soon enough."  As we locked hands with one another, I felt another intense rush of energy forcing my eyes to close.  Upon opening them seconds later I found myself alone inside the tunnel.  Like before, the tunnel was shorter, and I realized it was beginning to accelerate.  As I looked toward the entrance, the end, my beginning, I saw myself hooked up to machines, but I was somewhere I had never seen before.  I stretched out my arms, became weightless and started to glide.  Soon after I arrived at the entrance that registered in my mind as unfamiliar.  Outside I gasped for air and landed hard but safely into my body.  Regaining my senses, I curiously looked around the room and saw nothing familiar.  I was confined to a white room and strapped to a bed.  A doctor wearing a white lab coat entered and walked toward me.  I saw him reach into his lab coat pocket and retrieve a pen.  He then walked towards a desk that ran parallel to the wall, grabbed a clipboard and continued his approach.  Stopping just shy of the bed, he shined a light into each of my eyes while writing things down.  Then he turned and spoke into a camera that was angled in a fixed position overhead.  Seconds later, the Doctor began asking a series of questions until I had to interject. 
"What year is this?" I asked.
"2070," the Doctor said, staring with a look of disbelief.  I raised my head and realized that another ten years had passed.  I looked around the room but saw nothing more than a desk and a bed, with myself strapped down.  I jumped with my talent out of the room and realized I was in a facility that housed millions of people - the concentration camps.  Each person wore the same attire: a white jump suit with assigned numbers on the back.  Then I heard a voice speaking in a monotone say,
"You have the right for your life and freedoms.  All you have to do is concede."  It repeated the same words over and over.  My eyes drawn to a grouping of what must have been thousands of people assembled in a line, appearing to be waiting for something?   I curiously looked ahead to the front and saw two rooms.  Focusing on the rooms, I saw a distinct division.  One of the rooms contained an abundance of food and other attractive things, like people having fun with drinks and laughter.  I then jumped to look at the other room and saw nothing more than a metal table with tan leather straps dangling to the ground and some sort of machine.  After a moment of analyzing, I realized it was some form of high-tech laser.  I decided to watch the person at the front of the line.  The man next up mindlessly walked over to another man sitting at a table positioned in between the two rooms who was holding what I believed to be a chip gun.
"Do you have a change of heart," the man at the desk asked.  The prisoner, with the appearance of void of emotion and lifeless, looked at the man at the desk and replied,
"No."  As two guards standing off to the side approached the prisoner, grabbed him, and forcefully escorted him to the room on the left.  Seconds later the guards began strapping him down to a table.  Positioned on his back, I witnessed a single tear stream down the prisoner's face and fall to the floor.  After securely strapping the man down, the two military men turned to exit the room.  What happened next had me baffled.  I watched as the machine's laser sliced through the man's neck, instantly decapitating him as the head fell to the floor below.  'A modern-day guillotine,' I mused.  What I found strange about the whole ordeal was the fact that there was no blood.  The laser was accurate and fast, and seemed to sear both sides of the incision with heat as it sliced.  Unable to turn away, I watched as a fog-like mist filled the room to the point of my being able to see anything further.  Within seconds the mist that had filled the room dissipated.  I looked inside the room and saw nothing more than the table bearing restraints and the machine.  The body had disappeared and I assumed that it had disintegrated in the mist. 
"Are you hungry?" the Doctor asked.  Snapping out of my daze, I was back at the room. 
"Yes, that would be great." I replied with a grin.  The doctor turned to exit the room, and I began to thoroughly explore my new home, now a prisoner.  Moments later, the doctor returned with some sort of tube clutched in his hand.  He started to twist off the cap and slowly raised the tube to my mouth as he squeezed the contents.  Uncertain, I was a bit troubled at the thought in the act.  However, surprisingly it tasted magnificent!  It tasted just like roast with potatoes, my favorite.  New to me, it resembled toothpaste as far as consistency, but felt exotic.  I tried chewing at first, but it was not a solid base.
"How did you know that was my favorite?" I asked.
"The taste is triggered by your sense memory.  How are you feeling?" he asked. 
"Better." The Doctor began to loosen the straps that had tied my hands and legs, and then helped me stand up.  My body felt stiff and movements were rigid and painful.  I felt pain surge with each attempted step.  With a little guidance from the doc, I propped myself upright, leaning on my forearm against the wall.   I saw him bringing in a pair of crutches as he opened the door of the room.  I grabbed them as he allowed me to hobble out of the room on crutches, entering into the unknown.  Of which, I was greeted with a wall of intense energy and visualized thousands of people sitting and waiting.  In shock, kids were imprisoned in the same manner and wandered the halls calling out their loved ones' names.  Guards patrolled, passing every few seconds to scan the prisoners.  As I looked, saw tiny earpieces fitted into each patrolling guard's right ear, which you could see them listening to for commands.  The windowless camp was dark, cold and inconceivable to me.  My head began to throb from the constant voice on the speaker system that repeated the same inducing words.  Scanning the lifeless faces, I felt drawn to a kid looking up at me.  I figured I could use some company and hobbled over next to him and took a seat.  
"What is this place?" I whispered, 
"What?  Are you kidding?  Have you been living in a bubble double?" the kid asked by barely moving his lips.  I looked around to get a better picture of the misery and torment these people must have experienced.  I could see and feel it by looking into their eyes. 
"Yes, actually." I replied softly. 
"This is a New Order camp.  One of thousands all over the world."  He shook his head in sorrow.
"What do you mean?  I thought everyone had a choice?" I asked ignorantly. 
"Yeah, at first we did.  But now what does it look like?  The Order has taken complete control of everything and forces people to live certain ways.  If you don't . . . you simply disappear to reappear here."  
"How did this happen?" I asked in disbelief.  
"Well, a few years back, millions of people, the ones who didn't accept the chip, mysteriously vanished.  I mean they disappeared into thin air.  It was madness!  Inexplicable right?  Well, imagine, millions of people, some driving in their cars, others shopping, walking, sleeping, working, whatever-whatever, vanishing, all at the same time, all over the world.  Well, when this happened it made the Order furious.  Mainly, because the people that had vanished called themselves the spiritual/religious ones or whatever, and all had refused the chip.  Then, as you can see, the Order went on a rampage." The kid said as he held up his arms, chained hands and all.    
"What do you think?"  I asked while looking around. 
"Well, I never really bought into all that religious crapola.  With all the politicians hiding behind the bible, a collective thought process has never been my shot of heroin.  Looking back at the so-called religious ones back in the day, with their power-hungry will to impose their beliefs on others; I just can't get behind that.  Growing up, everyone hears the precepts: turn the other cheek and love thy neighbor as thyself.  The deposition, however, is limited.  Anyways, I hear that if you don't receive the chip you can still get into heaven or whatever.  I mean, dude, you didn't see all of them vanish.  I did.  How can you explain that?" 
"So you're telling me, the people who mysteriously vanished claimed this was the beginning of the end and that was why they had refused the chip?"  As I said this I remembered Dallas saying the same thing not so long ago.  The kid nodded his head in agreement.  
"So what do you think?" I asked again.  
"I don't really know man.  It's all crazy.  I don't think we were ever supposed to know."   
"I see," I replied.
"So, how were you captured?" I asked, attempting to change the subject.
"Well, gnaw on this.  So, the New Order collected most of us after filtering some chemical into the public water system that made everyone sick with the virus.  Within days the virus mutated, allowing it to become airborne and endangering any and everyone.  Oh, the virus attacked the cerebral cortex, causing excruciating pain unless you had the antidote.  Which, only the chip people could get it, and quite easily I might add.  If you didn't have the chip, you were in such pain that you would want to turn yourself in to get the vaccine.  The pain man, I can't even explain.  My family . . . " seeing his eyes wander as his emotions turned to pain, fighting back tears.
I sat back absorbing what I had just learned.  I questioned things like why this had happened in the first place and what my role was.  I mean, I never really lived that uprightly or did deeds to fulfill my destiny of eternal life.  Growing up, we all hear of the biblical stories, which seem expired in time.  The religious ones' 'selective morality' seem to fall short for society's standards.  They come across at times as: simply superior, arrogant, narrow minded, bigoted, cynical, hypocritical, delusional, drunken, and some, let's face it, odd.  Had they been right?   Had my perception of how most act and live filtered into my arbitrary judgment?  Strictly judging by the expressions on people's faces, hope was all one had.  Hope was more than reality had in store.  The hope, which I feel has been lost, misrepresented. 
*
Voice:
"To deny the truth, one most know the truth.  Truth alone seems to be a fondled ever-elusive question mark.  I just see possibility far more frightening than impossibility."
*
Back to Contents



Chapter: Seventeen.

Life in the concentration camp was no dinner at Red Lobster with their delicious cheese biscuits.  It was miserable to say the least.  It was an ideal catalyst for bacteria as sickness and death lurked all around us.  The living conditions were harsher than one can fathom: dysentery spread throughout.  Military officers patrolled the crowds, armed with rifles and wearing masks to defend themselves from the viruses and illnesses that plagued the people of the camp.  Fatigue had worn its toll on most everyone.  Health was dwindling, and often a fight would break out or a prisoner would try to run for his or her freedom.  Delirium had set in and all felt hunger.  
Anyone in the camp would have liked to be anywhere else but there.  The overarching emotion of the members being contained in the camp was desperation.  My will to live was gone.  A prospering world outside the walls of the camp was not evident.  Screams we heard at all hours from nightmares some experienced were now common.  As soon as a group was called for the line, a fresh group of new recruits would fill their place.  The picture of loved ones being snatched up from the grasps of another's arms was just another day.   It saddened me to think that the world had changed so much and that something this horrifying happened on a daily basis.  I'm afraid the ship had long sailed that carried compassion for the human race.  I often questioned how it was possible that so many outside the walls could be so ignorant and blinded from our pain and suffering.  
We were allowed to shower only once a week and in large groups.  The shower was a fire truck that with its hose would spray us down with our prison garb still on.  If one had to use the restroom, there was no privacy.  The restroom facility was ten different stalls and located in the middle of the various holding cells.   Needless to say, they would seldom be emptied and the smell was nauseating.  We were given one meal a day and sometimes one could get overlooked and forced to go hungry.  Morale was thin and the vibe was dark. 
It was common knowledge that if one simply said 'chip,' worlds would change.  A few seconds would go by and a couple of military officers would escort you to a separate room.  I must have seen thousands change their minds and get escorted to the various side rooms.  You were immediately given a hot meal and fresh clothing for relenting to conformity.
We were categorized by serial numbers and waiting for the ultimate destiny of the line.  Can you imagine having to come to terms when your group gets called for the line your days were numbered; your future dismal and fashioned around a single decision.       
Feeling like giving into temptation, I contemplated the choice.  After spending weeks in the camp, I too doubted what I thought to be true.  One can only take so much torment.  At times I was starved, beaten, as my mind rebelled at the thought.  I prayed to whoever would listen.  I asked for a sign and for a glimmer of hope.  One day, one day I received the answer I had been so persistently asking for.  
The facility I was being held captive in began to violently shake and I felt rumbling from the earth below.  The ground beneath me swayed back and forth.  The lights overhead began to flicker in and out, to explode.  People began to stand up and run toward the nearest overhead structure. 
"Earthquake," someone yelled.  In hopes of protection, many of us lunged beneath pillars or overhead concrete beams.  Minutes passed as the walls of the facility began to collapse around us.  The earthquake seemed to have lasted for several minutes.  When the rumbling finally stopped we realized that we had survived.   For the first time in a long time we saw the sun in the sky and felt a cool breeze stir about.  As the dust slowly settled, I looked around and saw smiles on each face.  Each person was happy to be alive and was now free.  No one knew or cared how long it would last for. 
Walking through the devastation, many lives were lost as the facility had caved in and smashed down on top of us.  Once outside, most people milled about like frightened farm animals.  None of us felt the need to look back, as having a fresh start felt promising for our miniscule lives.  Beyond the walls, after walking a short distance and speaking with other survivors, rumors had spread that a meteor had struck somewhere in the Middle East.  I understood that the meteor was so large that it had thrown the Earth out of orbit.  The result was that our world was being sucked into the gravitational pull of a black hole that was gobbling up galaxies.  
Everything seemed promising but soon things took a turn for the worse.  The weather changed from normal to bizarre.  In that, the spirits only I had seen could now be seen by everyone.  With the demons of hell released, life unfolded into another dimension.  Thirsting for blood, the beasts ravaged, killed, and slaughtered anyone and anything in their paths.  Here, it forced everyone to put aside their petty differences and to come together for the good of humanity.  The Sun, when out, was hot and so intense that it would cause boils if you went out for any length of time.  The water was bacteria- ridden from the intense heat.  The result was that animals mutated into crazed creatures and nature was now an enemy.  Our natural resources quickly diminished, and soon after, nothing was available for consumption.   We were free from the Order, but the Order was chaos.  Here I witnessed humanity at its worst: people were murdering each other to survive, doing any and everything to save themselves; something I can associate to becoming demon possessed.  It was something less than imaginable.  Families hid together and others formed groups with a common interest, seeking safe havens from the morbid creatures that inhabited the earth.  No one was safe, nowhere was safe.  
The chemicals released from the meteor soon began to infect us, creating monsters out of us.  Your chance of surviving was slim, and you wanted to hide and not go out to search for food or other survivors.   The beasts, whose sole purpose was to wreck havoc on the earth, ravaged it and conquered the known world in a few days.  The savage beasts could jump and run faster than humanly possible.  Other primordial creatures were the scariest.  Constantly horrified, I experienced the terror first-hand.  I witnessed, children being scooped up by such creatures.  I witnessed creatures that stood upright, over seven feet tall, towering over their innocent victims.  Some resembled scorpions and were a hundred times larger and merciless.  Others could fly, and some were of a hybrid species of half-man, half-spider.  On the insect level, these creatures traveled in swarms of billions, thirsting for blood.  I witnessed a swarm of them devour the flesh of a human in seconds and fly off, leaving nothing behind but a pile of bones.  The weather at anytime was erratic and unpredictable.  It would change from cold to hot, with no warning.  Tornadoes, fires, earthquakes, and acid rain storms were common.  We heard that continents had split into many pieces.  Tidal waves and tsunamis had swallowed the smaller continents while those areas close to water became submerged.  With the earth's gravity being different, it became much more difficult to breathe, and small movements seemed exhausting.  
Fortunately for me, I had found an honest group of people who endured most of the events I have spoken of.  We were fortunate enough to find shelter in an old abandoned warehouse.  The darkness however was much worse then we had foreseen as we were left to rely on our hearing, easily deceived by the constant screams heard at all hours.
Not having a stockpile of food, we would take turns venturing out into the darkness in search of something edible.  In pairs, one could not mistake the voice in the back of our minds.  That reminded us that at any second we could be discovered and wouldn't stand a chance of survival.  Needless to say, it was scary when it was your turn to venture outside.  With only a small flashlight and fighting the cold temperature, you were not to return to camp until you had found some type of food.  The longer we hid the harder this became.  
At base camp we had a few supplies, which we had found in the neighboring abandoned houses and our form of protection consisted of two guns and a few knives.  Our militia was the men of the camp.  We would take turns patrolling in shifts.  One day I was on my way back to base camp after having collected a few canned goods from a deserted house a few hundred yards away.  I stopped because I heard movement in the vicinity.  Standing perfectly still and straining to listen, I heard the rustling of leaves and patter of footsteps.  I looked towards the sound as an outline of a figure came into focus. Unfortunately, I could not make it out entirely in the dark.  Dark Siders don't have auras.  In the distance, the unknown figure breathed heavily and bore a disgusting odor.  
"Who's there?"  I yelled, frightened.  I shined my flashlight the direction of the object or creature just as the object or creature engaged its attack.  Feeling uncertain, I could feel the earth shake as it charged toward me.  With only a knife and flashlight in hand, I kept my light on the object and realized what had facilitated my fear.  Unfortunately for me, it was definitely a beast, now charging like a bull.  Unlike a bull, however, the creature seemed much different.  In the reflection of light I made out the creature in its entirety.  It was large, at least twice the size of an adult rhino and had glowing red eyes.  Its head was large and its body was covered in a shield of horns.  Not knowing what to do, I figured I could resort to use my marble, but I hadn't possessed it for sometime.  I looked to my left and observed nothing more than darkness and then to my right but conceivably more of the same. 'Run!'  My inner voice screamed.  Fifty yards off, the creature plowed full speed ahead as I felt its massiveness.  With each step it took the ground rumbled beneath me.  
"Run, Fisher," someone yelled.  As I turned in the direction of the voice, I saw someone at base camp powering a flashlight on and off in the distance.  Twenty yards off, the creature steamed ahead, grunting and fueled with excitement.  Standing in the beast's direct path, I dropped the canned goods resting in my arms as screams from my group at base camp filled the air.  At the last second I dove to my left, and came within inches of being plowed over as I felt a gust of wind driven by the creature's size and speed.  I landed hard on the ground and saw a flash of something headed for my face.  Instinctively, I laid flat on the ground and felt something pierce my side,
"Ahhhh!"  I yelled in pain.
"Fisher!" the members of base camp yelled as the beast plowed ahead.  I turned to look at the beast and saw many horns on its tail, and hanging off one was a piece of my shirt.  In severe pain and feeling weak, I saw someone from base camp running toward me with flashlight in hand as the light bounced against the ground.    
"Go back!" I yelled. 
"Go back!" Slamming my fists to the ground, I turned over on my backside and felt a throbbing pain.  I looked to my right as the beast panted in the distance, staring right at me with its glowing red eyes.  I struggled to sit up as blood covered the ground, just as the beast engaged a second offensive attack.  As if in slow motion, the base camp hero maintained his stride of running to my aid.  I don't know what overcame me but I held out my arms and closed my eyes. I thought, 'beast be gone.'  At that second, I felt an intense rush of energy spread through my veins and could feel heat from a blaze of light that emerged between my hands.  As I opened my eyes, between my hands I saw a blazing fiery ball of white light.  Redirecting my attention to the creature that was now yards away.  I felt a cool breeze stir as I drew my hands near.  In a refusal to die I pushed out as the ball of light began to extend.  Instantly in contact of the beast, it seemed to absorb the light, and two seconds later exploded in a combustion of light.  As the light continued on its trajectory, extended out into the distance.  Drained of energy and a fair amount of blood.  I felt weak as I fell to my knees and collapsed.   
When I awoke, I felt pain and realized I was hurt, becoming aware of a bandage wrapped around my lower rib cage.  I tried to stand but couldn't.  It hurt more than I had anticipated as I let out a scream and decided to sit back down.  A woman from the camp rushed to my aid.  My memory was clouded as she explained what had happened to me. 
As days passed, sickness spread into our safe haven.  Many of our occupants became ill and some died of disease.  I was often asked about the beast that I had been fortunate enough to elude and how I was able to defeat it.  I wished things had been different, but as days passed, more and more people began to die around me.  When someone died, we didn't have a proper burial, we would simply carry their bodies out into the darkness and leave the remains to be eaten by the beasts.  Life as we knew it and the luxuries that we took for granted on a daily basis in our previous world were never to be had again.  
It's difficult for us to imagine, I know.  But I put this on everything.  Be glad you are living in a time and world where you can live a semi-productive and prosperous life.  You don't need to fear beasts or fear survival on such a scale.  To put it lightly, you have no idea how bad things can be.  As you are reading my story, you are reading it and not experiencing it, for which I am grateful.  It wasn't long until the beasts that plagued the earth began to turn on one another.  With food supplies dwindling (us), they had to resort to their primordial instincts of survival and had to fend off each other.  
Days came and went and soon weeks had passed.  I had only been able to walk for a few days when people one at a time came out of hiding.  I too participated in the risk and came to realize that a lot of others had escaped the plagues of illness and feasts of the unpredictable beasts.  It was here that I saw humanity at its best.  I saw everyone who had survived come together.  Despite whatever preconceived perspectives or train of thoughts others may have possessed, people began helping one another.  Although the beasts were still in force, there were not nearly as many, resulting in a greater sense of safety.  Whether a false sense or real, I was skeptical but remained optimistic.      
One day while gathering supplies, I heard someone call out my name.  I carefully walked toward the voice, not knowing if I was delirious or going crazy.  I saw what I thought was a bright glow and quickly realized that it was Order.  I started to walk toward her and felt great joy since it had been awhile.   
"Order, help me.  Please, I can't do this anymore!" I yelled aloud.
"Fisher, it's time, we must go now, we are needed," she said in a sympathetic tone.  I continued to walk toward her with my sore body which still ached   I was genuinely happy to see her.  As I approached, I reached out as Order grabbed my hand and began to lift me up.  While smiling, her wavy blonde hair danced in the wind and her beautiful green eyes glistened.  Staring into her eyes I felt a sudden calming come over me; a reassurance that I had not lived in vain.  I turned to look at the life I had grown accustom to and wished all the people who I had met the best of luck.  Order lifted her arm and pointed towards the sky.  I looked up as the sky became consumed with what appeared to be meteors plummeting to earth in the millions.  It was a sight to be seen.  As soon as one made impact, another would emerge in the sky to take its place.  I witnessed people fleeing from their safe havens in search of shelter and with hopes of escaping them.  Order wrapped her arms around my neck and tightly held to the back of my head.  I felt an intense rush of energy as I closed my eyes, opening them to find myself standing on a battlefield.  It was exactly as it had been before, with billions of people ready to fight as far as one could see.  There were the beasts I had seen ravaging the earth, as well as others who were with the Dark Siders.  
As the fight commenced, I could use my talents with purpose and discovered I had many more.  I could move swift like a tiger and was able to jump higher, hear better, and telekinetically lift beasts over my head.  I could strike a blow by throwing a right hook and send creatures flying backwards, shooting through the atmosphere.  I learned how to not only throw massive blows, but also attach my power.  In return, the Dark Siders would absorb the light, being unable to withstand its force, and explode into a cloud of light.  For the first time in my life, I felt worthy to be fighting against these beasts that were without shame, guilt, or faint remorse for needlessly torturing so many.    
The screams of the beasts filled the air as loud as the falls from a mighty river.  The smell of blood was nauseating.  I saw Light Workers fall short in front of my eyes after being ganged up on by beasts.  I watched fellow Light Workers being torn apart limb from limb.  I fought fire-breathing creatures, two-headed demonic entities, and other creatures that could fly.  I fought beasts that could only live in hell.  
We stood our ground for days as I watched both sides suffer severe losses.  It was here, in the mist of battle, where I saw a familiar face.  I looked closely and recognized that it was my frenemy, Chance.  His eyes glowed red and his face was covered in blood.  He held a blade that resembled a sword; only it was much larger and thicker.  He looked in disbelief in recognition of me, and took off in a forward sprint toward me.  With the blade held above his head, he screamed aloud.  From a distance of about five yards, he leapt and landed in front of me as we began to circle one another, staring each other in the eyes.  He seemed to have a hypnotic stare about him.
"It doesn't have to be this way," I yelled, continuing to circle one another.  Waiting for some kind of response, but received none.  He just stared blankly, then lunged forward, swinging his blade at me.  I jumped back trying to avoid coming in contact with it, but felt it graze my shoulder.  The attack caught me off guard as he had beaten me to the draw.  I looked in disbelief and saw blood running down my arm.  I quickly jumped to the right as his blade nearly caught me again.  I looked at Chance and realized this was not the Chance I had known.  In a flash of activity, he engaged another offensive attack.  In a moment of courage, I lifted my right hand and formed a fist around the handle of the blade as we struggled against one another.  For a brief moment we stared into each other's eyes.  He growled and salvia began to run from his mouth.  With all my strength I lifted my arm and sent him into the air above, his blade falling to the ground.  I jumped into the air as I extended my arms.  Seconds later, I managed to catch up to him.  Hundreds of yards in the air I raised my right hand and released a right hook.  The blow caught him above his right eye and sent him tumbling to the ground below.  Free falling through the air, I decided to follow him.  He fell with his back to the ground face-up and eyes locked on me.  Seconds prior to impact, I caught up to him. There was no regard to thought; I had to finish this once and for all.  I stood on his chest mid-flight and knew I had to act fast, since the impact of the fall was approaching.  I bent down and placed my fist over his heart.  I wanted to make it as painless as possible, but doubt resonated in my mind.  Tears began to build within me, perhaps out of anger or love for my friend.  Struggling to find the strength, I closed my eyes and sent a wave of light through his body.  His eyes changed from red to brown as he looked right at me.
"Thank you Fisher, do it.  I am not what I was.  You don't know me anymore, do it!  Please!" he yelled, causing my eyes to fill with tears as my heart raged.  I started to remove my fist from his chest, thinking there had to be another way.  When he reached up with both arms and forcefully held my hand against his chest as the light grew into a bright blaze.  With his head tilted back, Chance screamed in pain from the absorption.  
"I'm sorry it had to be this way.  Please forgive me," he said, now beginning to shake wildly.  He then exploded into tiny fragments of light, each of which turned to ash as they descended to the ground below.  
I fell to the ground in pain, not trying to brace my fall.  Upon impact, I looked up and saw a Nephilim towering over me; the body of a man but three times as large, and the strength of a God.  The Nephilim raised its axe-like weapon, and simultaneously released an angry roar.  In a downward swing I closed my eyes and took a deep breath, stretching out my neck.  My life flashed before my eyes and I wanted to go back to the days of innocence and live in the bliss of ignorance.  I missed my loved ones and wanted to see them.  I hoped I was about to meet them.  Waiting for the impact of the blade, I wanted to feel as little pain as possible.  Seconds developed, I opened my eyes and found the Nephilim lying next to me, staring right at me with blood running from its head.  Sitting up in disbelief, I saw Order walking toward me.  
"You didn't think it was going to be that easy, did you?" she asked.  I grinned and began to dry my eyes.
Order and I continued to fight side by side for days upon end until the fighting ceased.  This day was tremendous!  In blood up to our ankles, I looked around the devastation and saw bodies on the ground in every direction. The flourishing green grass I had previously seen was not evident.  Absorbing the devastation, the sun appeared in the distance.  I stood embracing the magnificence of the moment.  I felt a sense of conquest and fulfillment that swept over me as the few Dark Siders who had survived screamed in defeat.  Scanning the field, I witnessed them combust into flames, disintegrating into nothing more than tiny particles of ash.
Watching the sunrise for the first time in sometime, I felt the warmth of the sun's rays touch my skin.  It was a feeling of rebirth, as if a new day had come and our world had changed dramatically.  Looking into the heavens, I saw planets in the sky that I had never seen, truly breathtaking.  Life!  A new day!  I looked around at fellow Light Workers who also stood in awe.  Order, standing a few yards away, smiled.  I slowly turned to walk toward her and grabbed her right hand, interlacing our fingers.  
"We will never be again, alone," I whispered with our eyes fading into each other's,  
"Fisher, you know this isn't the end don't you," Order said, as she turned to look at me with a cheerful smile.
"What are you talking about?" I asked. 
"You thought your planet was the only planet that inhabited life?" She grinned mischievously and then continued,
"Get ready, you haven't seen anything yet."  I was momentarily thrown off guard and thought she was messing around. 
"Ha-ha, very funny.  You're kidding right?" Staring into her green eyes I began contemplating what this meant.
"If only I was," she smiled as the words echoed in my mind, lingering into oblivion.



Just the tip of the cosmic iceberg!

Fellow Light workers:
To those still on Earth, the darkness's purpose is to keep us suppressed.  Compare it to society, our government, our medical industry, our divisions of wealth, etc.  But light is another kind of drug.  It's nothing I can describe but rather something one must experience to even begin to grasp.  It transcends time and space: it's truth, it's real, it's knowledge, it's beauty, and it's heaven.  The only battle worth speaking of is the battle against ourselves.  How ironic that man has created the lies by which he is now bound. 
Count the days until I have more for you to digest.  Engulf yourselves into the world, there is no longer any need to hide or seek the embracement of others.  Abide by no such spectrum of limiting laws or formalities.  Hence, time is relative.  We must come together and stop fighting one another.  We can prevail in numbers.  We will find the strength and courage for the tasks at hand. 
Friends and foes, we live in the modern world where greed, lust, and self-fulfillment thrive.  Egocentric beliefs and mindsets can only hold one back.  I ask that you step out of the comfort of your surroundings.  I ask that you not stereotype anyone or any particular group.  Everyone deserves a chance, and choice to know veracity!   The truth isn't relative to time.  However, man's idea of it, is.
When you learn this, only then are you allowed into a real and present dimension.  A dimension that exists of everything one knows, sees, feels, and can hear.  I add, only then can you see, hear, and live for the first time!  This vacuous life we have adapted will seem trivial as it is.  Fasten your seat belts and get ready for the ride.  It's a life like nothing some of you know.  
As we mature and grow as humans, we learn time has no boundaries.  The sands of time don't exactly flow up the hourglass.  Thus, it only gains momentum.  We do not have the luxury of take-backs or re-dos.  Days pass and seem to blur, and the last I checked there is no such fountain of youth.  Allow me to be frank: we are not getting any younger.  Why then, does it take fear (False evidence appearing real) or defeat for us as humans to come to terms with our senses?  It was when I came to terms with what had existed for years, far beyond my scope of reality, when I began to ask the question:  what is life?   What is the purpose of this life we have been given?  
Like a racecar driver in a race making my usual laps, I sometimes got out in front of the pack, but other times fell behind.  This race I speak of is no joke.  The life I have experienced is a life like nothing I could have foreseen.  I had been walking day and night in constant darkness.  I never really lived in the moment or enjoyed what and who was around me.  It's hard to do, I know.  But when you step out from the preconceived ideas of this world, one can accomplish wonders.  
Keep in mind, the ideas of truth have been flawed by none-other than man.  Man is finite and inferior to an infinite being.  The establishments and techniques teaching truth are lagging behind.  Their efforts are on track, but falling short.  Evolution is a word that comes to mind.  You see, evolution the word itself is a sensitive subject.  Unlike the cosmic myth, micro as opposed to macro is necessary for everyone and everything.   
The days of old are no more!  It's time to move forward.  It's time to stop carrying the burden of weight construed by our predecessors.  Go out on a limb, form an opinion, have a voice.  We have got to get in the race!  We have stood on the sidelines for far too long.  We need to head to the shop and make the necessary repairs to come out on the leader board.  We all know in our hearts what's true.  We all know what's real.  A time of enlightenment is upon us.  (AWAKENING.  DNA is being activated.)  If you know this I speak of, I wish you peace and lifelong lasting.  If you do not, don't fret.  You still have time.  Howdy, howdy, never goodbye, blessings and love.


GODSPEED!
John. 3:16 

Spiritual Seekers:
There are those that will plaster their tiresome quotes from philosophers, writers, poets, pseudo celebrity's, etc.  With one goal in mind: have us believe that God is dead.  And to such an audience, God is not dead.  Perhaps your idea of God is.  Please hold off on the crucifixion, we all know how that story ends. 
I may not be refined, neat, dignified, or distinguished, but to me I see religion as nothing but rules.  A good fulcrum as far as rules are concerned is: follow them unless you don't agree with them.  Today, the churches are full of people that require help, but have few that can offer it.  I believe in Christianity, not 'Churchianity' (politics, propaganda, hierarchy).  In other words, forget the stone-throwers that live in glass houses.  Before you draw a snap judgment, snap judgment drawers; I am not a hypocrite.  I am far from perfect as well.  I am not immune to sin.  I am simply expressing my ideas and am not alone with such thoughts regarding such traditions or conventional methodology.  I do understand that I can't expect others to have it figured out when I don't.  I'm just working on myself and sharing my thoughts.  I guess I'm trying to learn how to breathe.
I don't see different races; I see different faces.  I don't have an image of my God.  He is far more than I can fathom!  I have a lot to give, but more to learn.  I try to stay focused, but always find myself distracted.  The paradox of this life I compare to a dream.  Some wake up, some don't.  Understand: I know exactly how crazy I must look to some.  But in all truthfulness, what isn't?
Speaking of crazy, I've always wanted to chase down a rainbow - to find the end.  The gold and leprechaun have never been my motivation. Where was I?  It's heavy, give me a minute . . . Gold!  Okay, so thirty-five percent of revenue I am allocating for random acts of kindness.  These are not words being written.  This is why I have been given this idea in the first place.  You see megalomaniacs, rather than the mistaken view of this life.  I would rather have peace of mind than power from money.  I want the ecstasy of helping others less fortunate than me.  Good people need a break every now and then.  As a race, we are unaccustomed to the humanity of charity; brutality is a far more universal language.
Personally, I have dismissed certain objects of desire, the taboo of reality.  I don't want or need much of anything.  The shuffle of life has its appeal.  The substance or material of this life has its appeal.  Which leads one to wonder, do you own your possessions, or do they own you?  Coming full circle, a smile from a person one has helped is gargantuan.  One cannot buy a smile; you have to earn a smile!  This has been real.  This has been real fun.  Before I go, the first completed version of this novel was 66,633 words, 666 33.  Okay, this was kind of crazy-insane for me.  Basically, it was just another sign for me to fulfill my purpose.  I am free, but not ignorant enough to take credit.  (Not to mention the writing process experiences.)  666 is the number associated with the antichrist.  33 is the number associated with the age of Christ when he died (along with a few other implications).  One more word, one less word, this extraordinary, highly improbable, extremely unlikely coincidence would hold no relevance or be of any importance.  But yeah, the premise of my novel: light versus dark.  33 light!  666 dark!
In today's toxic culture, the huge Sargasso Sea of stagnated logic, the worldview. Where youth is valued more than wisdom, it is my prayer that an intervention takes place: visions, encounters, dreams, voices, etc.  Perhaps it has already begun?  Lets change the world together!  Your humble friend, until again . . .
Back to Contents



About the author:

Many thanks!  I hope you enjoyed the read.  It would seem this is not the middle or the end.  It is just the beginning.  This book was written at the age of twenty-three.  I have learned a lot in the process and have other projects in motion and others soon to be released!  Much-love lover's!

Find out more on www.dimensiathebook.com



Back to Contents
