Dr. Chill's Project
by Tom Hoobler

Smashwords Edition
copyright 1987, 2009 by Thomas Hoobler


Dear Reader,
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. I have put a low price on it because I want anyone to be able to afford it. Thank you for respecting the hard work of the author.

Sample other titles by Tom Hoobler at http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/3337
Chapter One
Allie was startled when the taxi swung around the corner. It seemed like someone had turned off the sunlight. But then she realized that it was only because this narrow little street was lined with trees that shut out the sky overhead. It was a peaceful place, and for a second, she let herself think: I wish the car would stop here.
And it did. Allie glanced nervously at the woman sitting next to her in the back seat. But she didn't seem to mind. She had already taken some money from her purse and was handing it to the driver. 
The woman looked at Allie. "Can you open the door?" she asked. Allie knew this was one of the things everybody knew how to do. She reached for one of the handles on the door and yanked it.
"No, that's for the window," the woman said gently. She reached across Allie's lap ad pulled another handle. The door clicked open. Allie saw the driver looking curiously over his shoulder at her. He'd probably never seen a fifteen-year-old girl who didn't know how to get out of a car. She felt angry, and for just a second she felt the way she had when she sent Raphael-
No. She reminded herself in time. She shook her head vigorously and looked away from the driver's face. Pushing the door open wider, she stepped out onto the sidewalk, trembling a little. She had promised herself she wouldn't do that again. No matter how angry she got.
Out on the sidewalk, the shade from the trees soothed her. The buildings here weren't nearly as tall as the ones they had passed earlier. The one right in front of her was only three stories high and was made of a brown-red stone that looked as if it might crumble away any minute.
"Can you get the suitcase, Allie?" the woman called from the cab. Allie turned and lifted the suitcase that the woman was pushing out of the door of the cab. It wasn't heavy. It only had all of Allie's clothes in it.
The woman closed the door of the cab, and it started off down the street. Allie forced herself not to look to see if the driver was still watching her.
"Do you like it?" the woman asked.
"It?" Allie said. She felt stupid again.
"This is where we live."
"Here? Am I...I mean..." Allie was too afraid to say it, fearful that the woman would laugh and say, "Oh, no, of course you're not going to live here. We're just stopping for a minute until I take you--"
But the woman interrupted her thoughts. "Yes, Allie," she said. "You too. This will be your home now."
"I thought..." Allie began, and stopped again.
"That you were going to another institution," said the woman.
Allie nodded. Was that what they called the old place? The nurses always called it the hospital.
"Well, I know you'll have a lot of questions, but maybe we should start by taking a look inside," the woman said.
Allie followed her up the steps that led to the front door. As the woman took out her keys, Allie noticed a brass plate on the door frame. It read:

DR. BERTRAM CHILL, Ph.D.
DR. ELIZABETH HARTLEY, M.D.

That must be who the woman is, Allie thought. She remembered now. This morning, when Allie first saw her in the administration office, she had said, "I'm Elizabeth." Allie hadn't paid any attention, because she thought this was just another doctor who was going to talk to her. You just called them "Doctor." Their names weren't important.
But then a nurse took Allie back to her room to pack her clothes. The nurse had said, "You be good now, hear? Wherever you're going. Behave yourself, or they'll send you back."
And then they were in the cab. Allie hadn't even had time to say goodbye to anyone. Not that anybody would miss her. Angela, her roommate, couldn't hear or talk or even see, as far as anybody knew. Catatonic was what the nurses called her. Nobody but a catatonic was willing to share a room with Allie.
On the cab ride, Elizabeth had pointed out buildings, telling Allie their names. Allie guessed it was a kind of test, to see if she knew anything about the outside. She knew lots of things from magazines. She recognized the Empire State Building when they were on the bridge coming into the city. 
It was exciting to see, but her favorite was the Chrysler Building, silver and shiny and crowned at the top with a gleaming spire. It was like a castle in a fairy tale. It crossed her mind that maybe her parents lived there, but she knew...she knew...
She shook her head. She wouldn't try to think about them now. Maybe in a day or two she'd ask Elizabeth. Unless Elizabeth sent her somewhere else by then.
But right now, Elizabeth was holding the door to the house open. Inviting her to come inside. Allie picked up her suitcase and stepped forward. Whatever was inside couldn't be any worse than what she'd already been through.
She looked around. It really was like a real house, like the ones she'd seen in magazines. In front of her was a long hallway, with rooms going off it. Through the doors she could see furniture, couches and chairs that were covered in cloth, not like the steel and plastic chairs and tables at the hospital. And to the right a carpeted staircase, going up. Elizabeth led her over there. "Let's see your room, shall we?" she said.
Allie would rather have stayed downstairs. She didn't want a room. Having a room meant that there was someplace that they could put you, strap you down on the bed if you had been bad again.
But what else could she do? She followed Elizabeth.
Upstairs it still looked like a home. The doors on either side of the hall were made of wood. There was a carpet on the floor, thick and pretty, sort of a dark red. Everything in the hospital was green and gray.
Elizabeth opened the first door on the left. She turned and smiled, and Allie went inside.
She stared.
It was beautiful. The bed was large, with a patchwork quilt spread over it that looked soft and warm and new-not like it had been washed a thousand times. There was a bureau with a real mirror over it. A desk. A chair. A television set and...a window. With pink curtains. And no bars. Allie walked over and touched one of the curtains. It was so soft that Allie wanted to wrap it around herself.
"You like the curtains?" Elizabeth said from behind her. Allie dropped the curtain as if it were on fire. She turned and said, "Oh, yes. Everything. I mean..." She looked down. "Is this really my room?"
"Yes, Allie. Yours alone. And you have your own bathroom over there." Elizabeth touched Allie's arm gently to turn her in that direction.
Allie jumped and jerked her arm away. "Don't do that!" she cried out.
"I'm sorry," Elizabeth said.
Allie was shaking. Didn't she know? Didn't they tell her? "You're not supposed to touch me," she said.
"I'll remember, Allie," Elizabeth said. The way she said it, it sounded like it was something Allie wanted. Not to be touched.
Allie shook her head. She was thinking about the window. No bars. But she didn't want to ask about it, in case they had made a mistake. "What should I do now?" she asked.
"Maybe you'd like to put your things away," Elizabeth said. "Then you can meet the others. Everybody's eager to meet you. They're in the play room with Dr. Chill."
The others? "You mean...besides Dr. Chill? Does he live here too?"
"Yes. He'll want to talk with you later. But that can wait. I'll drop back in half an hour or so."
She left, closing the door behind her. Allie waited for the lock in the door to turn. But nothing happened. She looked at the window, but didn't step toward it. She looked around the ceiling, looking for the surveillance cameras that were in every room at the hospital. The nurses station had TV sets where they could watch everything you were doing.
There didn't seem to be any cameras here, but maybe they were hidden.
Or the mirror. She walked over to it. She saw herself, and then looked away quickly. Her hair was stringy and dull. Her face was dumb-looking. Everybody said so. The only time she ever looked at it in the old place was in the consulting room with the two-way mirror. Everybody knew they watched you from the other side of that mirror.
This mirror was shinier than that one, though. Allie glanced back at it and made a face at herself. Nobody was around, so she even tried to smile.
She hated what she saw.
She went over and sat on the bed. It was so soft that she lay down. It felt so good. Not hard and lumpy like all the other beds she'd ever had. She could fall asleep right now. And not have to worry about everything.
But then she remembered the window. She sat up again. She wanted to find out. If somebody was watching, it didn't matter, not really. Even if she waited until night they would still be watching. They never turned out the lights in your room in the old place. They watched all the time.
So she went over and lifted the curtains. She looked out, seeing the tree-lined street. A boy went by on a bicycle. She drew her face back quickly. Maybe he was sent there to watch Allie.
When he'd gone, she leaned forward again and tapped the glass. It rattled in the frame, an old wooden frame covered with a million coats of paint. You could probably pry the glass out with a spoon, if you smuggled one off your tray.
There were handles on the bottom of the window. That surprised her. She touched them and lifted a little bit. The window slid up slightly. She waited. No alarm bell. Nobody came rushing through the door.
So she raised the window some more, her heart pounding with every inch. The outside air, slightly cooler than the room air, wafted across her face. She smelled something dangerous and scary-what it would be like to be free.
She stuck her head out. She could see the sidewalk below. It wasn't that far. She could probably drop down there and not hurt herself.
Brian was a kid in the old place who was always talking about escaping. He had these wild plans that everybody knew could never work. It just have him something to talk about. He ought to see this, Allie thought with a smile.
Two girls came walking along the sidewalk. They were carrying schoolbooks and talking. Allie wondered what it would be like to be them. To have a friend, go to school, and have a home to go to. Parents.
One of the girls looked up and saw Allie leaning out of the window. She said something to her friend, who looked up too. They waved and called to her.
Allie jerked her head inside. They were spies too, she thought. That was how they kept watch on you here.
She pulled the window down with a bang and then tried to put the curtain back just the way it had been before.
She waited. She stood there for a long time, but nobody came. The whole house was quiet, except for the noise of cars that went by in the street. It was creepy, in a way. The old place was always noisy, with people yelling and alarms going off, even late at night.
How long had it been since Elizabeth left? She had told Allie to do something. Put away her clothes. She'd better take care of that, or they might punish her.
It didn't take her long. She didn't have many clothes. She just dumped them in one of the drawers of the bureau. She had worn her only dress for the trip here, because the nurse had made her. She thought it was ugly, so she took it off now and put on a pair of jeans.
Then she hesitated between one of her T-shirts and a green knit pullover with short sleeves. She would rather wear the T-shirt, but maybe she ought to look her best. One of the nurses had given her the pullover. She had told Allie that green was a good color to wear if you had red hair.
She put on the pullover and looked at herself in the mirror. What was the use? She took her brush and pulled it through her tangled hair. It hurt.
Somebody knocked at the door. Allie put the brush down and turned around. The person at the door knocked again, louder. Weren't they going to come in?
"It's not locked," Allie called.
The door opened. It was Elizabeth. She smiled. "I see you've changed. That's a nice pullover. Ready to meet the others?"
"I wish I could do something with my hair," said Allie.
 "Just mention that to Rose," said Elizabeth.
They went down to the first floor, but instead of going into one of the rooms there, Elizabeth opened a door to some more stairs that led down to the floor below. Allie followed.
They entered a large room that took up the whole lower floor of the house. It wasn't anything like Allie expected. All around her were toys and games. There were six or seven large television screens along one wall. In the middle of the room stood a ping-pong table and a pool table. Near the other wall were some pinball machines and other sorts of games that Allie didn't recognize, along with some computer monitors and keyboards. A girl of about twelve or thirteen was sitting at one of them, with her back to them. And in another corner, behind a collapsible wooden barrier, was a boy about six playing with toys and plastic building blocks.
Elizabeth led Allie around the ping-pong table to one of the big-screen televisions. There was a battle on the screen, with men shooting at each other. It was loud. When Allie looked closer, she saw that they were just drawings, not real men. But the two people playing were real. One was an older boy, maybe seventeen, as far as Allie could tell. 
The other person was a grown man, wearing a red T-shirt that barely fit around his fat body. He laughed when one of the onscreen figures fired a gun of some kind and killed the others. "Got you," he called to the boy, whose face turned red as if the game had really meant something to him.
The man turned around, and Allie saw that the front of his shirt had white letters reading, THE DOCTOR IS IN. He stuck out his hand and smiled. "Welcome, Allie," he said. "I'm Dr. Chill."
Elizabeth made a little wave at him. "Allie doesn't like to be touched," she said.
"Oh," said Dr. Chill, dropping his hand. "I'm sorry, Allie."
Allie felt like an idiot. "It's not that I don't like being touched," she said.
Dr. Chill nodded and glanced at Elizabeth. They acted like they were waiting for Allie to explain. She looked down at the floor. Maybe that was why they took her in here. They really didn't know. Maybe that was how the people in the old place managed to get rid of her.
"Oh, and this is Jay," said Dr. Chill, gesturing toward the boy next to him. Jay turned around, looking annoyed at having his game interrupted. He was very thin, with curly blond hair and freckles. He was cute, in a way, thought Allie.
"How many levels can you reach on Grand Theft Auto 4?" he asked.
Allie frowned. "What's that?" she asked. It sounded familiar.
"I don't think Allie has played many video games," said Dr. Chill.
Now she remembered. "I've read articles about them in People," she said. "Isn't Grand Theft Auto the one that's so violent? They would never let us play violent games. Just things like checkers and cards."
"Oh, cards," said Jay. "You wanna play with Rose?" He laughed in a way Allie didn't like.
"Let's just walk over and meet Rose," Elizabeth said. Dr. Chill led them across the room. They passed the little boy in the fenced-in area. He had stopped playing and had covered himself up, head and all, with a large blue blanket. Dr. Chill saw Allie looking. He winked and started to nudge her, but he caught himself before he did. "That's Timmy," he said. "He's not..receptive to new people. Don't worry. He'll get used to you."
Another bunch of nut cases, Allie thought. She wondered where the orderlies were. She looked critically around the room, comparing it with the rec room in the old place. They would never have let kids play with these things there. You could have a fight with the pool cues and balls, and all that glass on the pinball machines...
They stood behind the girl at the computer. She didn't turn around. There were some numbers on the monitor, blinking on and off and changing. The girl was writing something down on a piece of paper. It seemed like another game From the way she kept grunting and muttering, Allie guessed she was losing.
"This isn't a game," the girl said without looking up. "And I'm winning." It was as if she wasn't even talking to Allie, but what she said was a reply to what Allie had been thinking.
Maybe I'm talking to myself, said Allie. Lots of kids in the old place did that, except that when you listened closely, they didn't make much sense. She hoped she wasn't becoming like them.
"Aren't you going to say hello to Allie, Rose?" Elizabeth said. "I know you've been looking forward to meeting her."
Dr. Chill chuckled. "She knew you were coming before we did."
"She wants to watch All My Children," said Rose.
"I don't know what she's talking about," Allie said quickly. "I never watch that program."
"Liar," Rose murmured. Allie felt embarrassed and angry, and all of a sudden Rose swiveled her chair around. Allie saw with surprise that the girl was wearing makeup. A lot of it. Lipstick, eye shadow, eyebrow pencil and a coating of too much makeup that turned her skin orange and crackly. It only made her look strange, because underneath she was a cute little girl, with looks that Allie envied-dark glossy hair, a small button nose and a pretty mouth.
"Why'd you say that?" Rose said to Allie. "I know you'd like to watch All My Children. He'll let you, really. We can do just about anything."
"Are you...receiving Allie, Rose?" Elizabeth asked.
Rose nodded. "Pretty good. Not like Timmy or anything, but good enough." She looked at Allie. "That's a good sign. I knew we'd be friends. Want to go down the street?"
Allie blinked. "You mean...outside?"
"Yeah. When I'm finished here."
"Allie and I are going to have a little talk just now," said Dr. Chill. "But afterward, she may do as she likes."
"Deal," said Rose. "See you later." She turned back to the computer monitor.
Dr. Chill winked at Allie and gestured toward the stairs with his thumb. She followed him. She was a little afraid, not of him, but of Rose. She didn't want to say that she worried about going outside. And she thought glumly that it was too late to admit that she really did want to watch All My Children.
Chapter Two
Dr. Chill and Allie went back up to the first floor and into an office on the other side of the staircase. It was uncomfortably small. All four walls were covered with bookshelves from floor to ceiling. There was barely enough room for three file cabinets, a desk with a swivel chair behind it, and another chair, smaller, in front of it.
The room was also a colossal mess. What little empty floor space there was, was taken up with piles of books and folders and medical journals. Both Allie and Dr. Chill had to step around them carefully to reach their chairs. Allie had never seen a doctor's office this messy. Before she could sit down, she had to take a couple of journals off the seat of her chair.
"Oh, I've been looking for those," Dr. Chill said when he saw Allie pick them up. "Just set them down on the desk."
The desk was already completely covered with two computers, stacks of papers and files, loose pencils and pens, a half-completed cardboard chart, and some kind of gray metal box with blinking lights and dials. Allie gingerly placed the journals on one of the sturdier-looking piles, hoping they wouldn't topple onto the floor.
Finally she sat down, and Dr. Chill, sitting in his own chair, smiled across the desk at her. Doctors' smiles, she knew, didn't mean anything really. Pretty soon he would be asking her questions just like all the others, questions that caused her head to swim and just made her more nervous and unhappy.
"Like it here?" Dr. Chill asked. 
Allie nodded.
"How's your room?" he said. "Comfortable?"
She smiled, wondering if he knew she had opened the window.
"If you need anything, just ask Elizabeth," he said. "We'll give you fifty dollars a week that you can spend on whatever you like."
She stared. What could he mean? "Do I have to...What am I supposed to spend it on?" She worried that maybe she had to buy her own food.
He shrugged. "Oh, you'll find something. Rose will show you around. There are a lot of stores on Seventh Avenue, at the end of the block. Or you can take a subway and get anywhere you want to go."
Seeing the shocked look on her face, he said, "I forgot. How well do you know your way around?" He began to pat his hands around the desk, as if he were looking for something. "You were born here in New York, isn't that right? But I don't recall, uh, just when you started having trouble..."
Allie realized he must be looking for her file. In all the mess, it was no wonder he couldn't find it.
A sudden thought thrilled her. Maybe there was a mistake. Maybe she had been sent here instead of the right person, somebody else who wasn't....like Allie.
"Well, anyway," said Dr. Chill, giving up his search. He looked at his hands with a frown. Evidently they had gotten dusty with all the patting on the desk, because when he wiped his hands on his T-shirt, they left smudges. Allie read the message on his shirt again: THE DOCTOR IS IN.
"Are you really a doctor?" she asked. She couldn't stop herself.
He chuckled. "Oh, sure," he said. "It says so right here on my shirt, doesn't it?" He laughed at his own joke, a little louder. "But I've got diplomas too, if you'd like to see them. Of course it would probably take me a week to find them. I'm not a medical doctor, like Elizabeth. She's a real doctor. My doctorate is in psychology. I'm just a-"
"A head doctor," said Allie.
"W-e-e-l-l," he said, thinking about it. "I guess. A shrink. Is that what you think is wrong with you? Something wrong inside your head? I'm not going to try to cure you, if that's what you think."
Allie snickered. 
"No, it's true," Dr. Chill said. "Want to know why? Because we don't think you're sick."
She moved uneasily in her chair. "So how come I'm here?" she asked. Maybe she could figure out what was wrong with the girl who was supposed to be here.
Dr. Chill rubbed his hands together as if he were about to sit down to a nice dinner. "Well, we were very lucky, weren't we?" he said.
Allie wasn't sure how to take that.
"Yes," he said, answering his own question. He opened a desk drawer and took out a package of peanuts. He ripped open the cellophane wrapper and dumped all the peanuts into his palm. Some of them spilled onto the desk. "Want some?" he asked, extending his hand a little.
She shook her head no. He raised his hand and dropped some of the peanuts into his mouth. He still had the cellophane wrapper in his other hand and wadded it up. He kept rolling it around with his thumb.
Allie didn't like the sound it made, like a fire crackling. She was terrified of fires. There had been one in the old place once. She shook her head to keep the memory away.
"Why are you here?" repeated Dr. Chill in a soft voice that she could barely hear above the crackling. "Because nobody else wants you, do they?"
Allie opened her eyes wide. That wasn't fair! Nobody had ever said that to her before.
"You caused a lot of trouble in the last place you were in, didn't you?" he asked. "They were glad to dump you on us."
Allie realized that they knew who she was all right, but that didn't concern her as much as the noise. She waved her hand toward the wrapper Dr. Chill was crackling. She had been strapped to her bed when the fire started, because she had been bad. And nobody came to let her out, and the room filled with smoke so she couldn't breathe. People were screaming...
"Stop it," she said. Her eyes filled with tears. She wanted to get away, away from that sound.
But Dr. Chill kept rolling the cellophane. "Everybody likes to feel like somebody wants them, don't they, Allie?" he said.
"I don't care," she cried. She put her hands over her ears, but it didn't drown out the sound. 
"For instance, your parents," Dr. Chill said.
Allie turned her head away because she didn't want him to see her cry.
But his voice went on: "Everybody has parents and even though they don't always get along with their parents, the parents made them, after all, didn't they? So the parents are supposed to take care of them, try to love them, make a home for them, a nice place where you can go whenever you want to. That's part of the bargain."
It wasn't only what he said that bothered her, but that noise he kept making with the cellophane. Allie's throat was getting tight, and it was hard for her to breathe, just the way it had been in the smoky room.
"Stop that!" she said again. "I don't like that noise."
"You could stop it if you wanted to, couldn't you, Allie?" said Dr. Chill, as if he were taunting her, daring her. He rustled the cellophane even more rapidly. "I mean if you really thought about it...and I wouldn't stop it no matter how much you wanted me to..."
She hardly heard what he was saying, because the noise had become a fire inside her head, and she remembered what had happened in the real fire, when she screamed and screamed and nobody came.
Right now! she thought.
Dr. Chill's hand flew down to the desk and hit the surface with a bang. He cried out, and his fingers opened. The cellophane wrapper rose into the air, stopped, and floated there for a second before darting back and forth like a terrified bird. Then it flew over and landed in Allie's lap.
She brushed away her tears. Well, they found out who I really am, she thought. But it wasn't my fault. No matter what he did to her now, at least the noise had stopped. She had this moment of silence in the room and loved the feeling of calm that always followed.
Why didn't he say something?
She looked up and saw him rubbing his hand tenderly. But there was this smile on his face! A real smile, that made him look like Santa Claus without a beard. "That was excellent, Allie," he said.
Her mouth dropped open. She shook her head. These people were really crazy. That was the only explanation.
"I was a little afraid for a second that you weren't going to let my hand go," he said. "But of course you had to turn your attention on the cellophane. It wasn't such a big piece of cellophane, when you come to think about it. Probably doesn't weigh more than a few grams."
"I've moved bigger things than that," Allie said. She almost bit her tongue. Why should she want to tell him that? She was going to end up as crazy as he was.
"Yes, oh yes, probably so," he said, with his eyes shining as if he wished she had turned the whole desk over on him. "You really hated the noise I was making, didn't you?" He raised his eyebrows and nodded encouragingly. "Sounded like a fire, didn't it? You were in a fire once, weren't you?"
"Yes," she said. She realized the whole thing about not being able to find her file was an act. He knew who she was.
"So your anger was directed toward that little piece of cellophane. You had to get it away from me, and so..." He spread his arms as wide as his smile. "...you took it."
She stared at him. "But that isn't the-I mean, I'm not supposed to do it at all."
"Is that what they told you at the old place?" he asked.
"Well..." She hesitated. "Not exactly. See, they didn't really believe I could do things like that. They thought that maybe I had fits or something that made me real strong. They would put me in straitjackets or restrainers until I promised to be good."
"Sure," he said, waving his hand. "That's exactly what they would do. After all, they thought you were sick."
"And you...don't?"
His eyebrows went up. "I told you."
"So what am I? What am I doing here?"
Dr. Chill leaned back in his chair. It creaked dangerously, as if it might turn over and leave him belly up on the floor. He was taking a chance, Allie thought. If she wanted to, she could just give it a nudge...
But he seemed unconcerned. He had gathered up the rest of the peanuts and began tossing them in his mouth one by one as he looked at the ceiling.
"What are you?" he asked. "You're a fifteen-year-old young woman. You're very uncertain about yourself and there are things about yourself that you don't like. That's not a brilliant analysis, I might add. You may not realize it, but most fifteen-year-olds, boys or girls, have problems about deciding who they are and whether they like themselves. Even those who go to regular schools and live with their parents."
Allie shook her head. He was lying again. Nobody else could be like me, she thought.
Dr. Chill tilted his head forward and looked over the top of his stomach at her. "But you are different. You are special. Not sick. Special. You can do things that not one fifteen-year-old in ten million can do."
He sighed and looked back at the ceiling again. "As far as we know. You see, when people like you turn up, the rest of us get very upset. You're different, and we don't like that. So we try to make you be the way we are. Nobody really knows how many others like you succeed in becoming...just like everybody else. That's what people like me usually try to help you do."
Abruptly he popped forward and the chair's springs went spronggg! He was looking straight at her now, and asked, "Do you want to be just like everybody else?"
She drew away from him and hesitated. She wanted to say, "yes. Yes, that's what I want!" But that was what everybody always wanted her to say. Dr. Chill was right about that. And because everybody wanted her to, she fought against it.
She didn't answer his question.
"Good!" he said loudly. "Most people would tell me 'yes,' but you didn't. You don't want to, do you, Allie?"
She shook her head. "I don't know."
He spread his hands wide as if he wanted to hug her. "Well," he said, let's find out. You're here because we want you. We want you to be with us. Understand? Remember that, will you, Allie? It's part of the bargain."
She looked away. He seemed too friendly. She wasn't used to this kind of treatment. She wanted somebody to want her, but not so suddenly, so easily.
He nodded, as if he understood what she was thinking. "Our bargain," he said, and began to tick off the things he said on his fingers. "Rules of the house are your room is your own. You keep it as clean as you like. We have a class at ten o'clock in the morning and again at two o'clock in the afternoon, downstairs. Breakfast at eight-thirty, lunch at noon, supper at six. If you want to eat at other times, cook for yourself. Other than class periods, your time is your own. Go in, go out. Fifty dollars a week. Got all that? Any questions?"
She looked blankly at him. It was too much for her to take in. "Class?" she asked. "What are we supposed to learn?"
He chuckled. "That's one of the thing you'll figure out for yourself."
"And what about...Rose, and what's his name, Jay? Are they patients too?"
Dr. Chill wagged a finger at Allie. "Now, you weren't listening, Allie," he said. "They're not patients. You're not a patient. We're working together. We're colleagues."
"Yeah, but what if I just walk away and don't come back?" she asked. She knew he wouldn't let her do that.
Dr. Chill pinched his stomach and looked at her. "We're legally responsible for you, Allie. We're supposed to take care of you, but you're not a prisoner. Look at it this way. Do you think you could take care of yourself if you walked away and didn't return?"
She frowned, but she knew he was right. It made her dislike him a little. She moved her hands in her lap and felt the cellophane. She felt resentful that he had...made her do that.
But there was a way to test him. "What about my fifty dollars?" she said.
He laughed delightedly and reached into a desk drawer. He counted out five ten-dollar bills and pushed them across the desk. Allie scooped them up and looked at them. Money. She held it in her hand, not quite knowing what to do with it. She realized she ought to have a purse or something. She couldn't remember the last time she had money. Or if she ever had.
"Don't carry it in your hand, if you're going out," Dr. Chill said. "Tuck it in the pocket of your jeans."
Was he challenging her again? Did he want to see if she really would go out? I have to try, she thought. She put the money in her jeans pocket and stood up. The piece of cellophane fell to the floor.
"Don't forget," said Dr. Chill. "Dinner at six. You don't have a watch, I see. Can you tell time?"
"Of course I can." She could tell what hour it was, anyway.
He nodded, as if that might have been a problem. "There are clocks in the stores down the street." 
I can ask a nurse, Allie thought. Then she remembered: no nurses. Go anyway, she told herself. He'll probably stop you.
But Dr. Chill stayed in his chair as Allie began to make her way through the piles of books and papers, toward the door. She closed it behind her and stood in the hallway, breathing harder than usual. She really wanted just to go upstairs to her room, lie down on the bed, and think. Too much was happening that she didn't understand.
But if she did that...it was like admitting that she really was a prisoner. A patient. Maybe that was what Dr. Chill expected her to do. She shook her head and turned toward the front door. She reached for the knob, gritted her teeth, and turned it.
Chapter Three
Allie pulled the door shut behind her, hearing the lock click. The sound reminded her that she wasn't sure how she was supposed to get back in. She felt a rush of panic before remembering that she could always knock.
She walked down the steps of the house, annoyed with herself. She wished she could tell Brian, the great escape-planner. The first time she really got out, she started worrying about getting back in.
Why weren't they worried? Every place she'd been in before, they did all they could to try to prevent you from running away. Here they gave you money and practically shoved you out the door.
She looked back at the house. Nobody seemed to be watching from the windows. She started down the street, just to see if anything would happen. Nothing did.
She stopped under one of the trees that she had liked when the taxi had entered the street. She reached out hesitantly and touched the trunk. It was rough. She let her fingers examine it, trying to think of what it reminded her of. Something like the canvas straps they used to restrain her before. But different, nicer.
It was alive.
The branches hung low enough so that she could reach the leaves. She grasped one between her fingers and thumb. It felt smooth, and she could sense the moisture it contained. She drew her hand back, wondering if she was hurting it. Green things made her think of hurting.
That happened. That was why she wasn't supposed to touch people or let them touch her. She could hurt them. She couldn't help it. It didn't always happen, either. She didn't know how to make it happen, or not make it happen.
Except in Dr. Chill's office. He had wanted her to make that happen. He wasn't afraid of her, not even when his hand slammed down on the desk, or when the cellophane flew through the air. He liked it, he really did.
Did he know what else she could do? It was really stupid of her to say she'd moved bigger things. Maybe now he'd want her to do that. He said it was all right, but it wasn't.
She shook her head. She didn't want to think about that. Shaking her head usually made those kinds of thoughts go away. She remembered a boy at the old place who kept banging his head against the wall. They had to put a football helmet on him whenever they let him out of the room with the padded walls. Nobody knew what he was trying not to think about.
She looked up the street. At the corner, there were a lot of people crossing the street. It looked crowded. They might brush against her.
Allie took a step in that direction and felt sick to her stomach. This was dumb, she told herself. She forced herself to take another step, and then a man turned the corner and came down the sidewalk toward her.
She rushed back to the steps in front of the house and sat way up so he wouldn't touch her as he went by. As he passed by, he gave her a glance. He didn't know who she was, though. He didn't care.
He wore a suit, though. A real suit, not like a doctor's white coat. It was blue, which was the color of the suit her father had been wearing the last time she saw him. What if this man had been her father? Would he have recognized her?
She shook her head and put it down between her knees. That isn't going to happen, she told herself. Even if it had been her father, he'd be afraid to touch her. That was why he took her to the first hospital she'd been in. She remembered that.
She heard the door open behind her. She turned her head. It was Rose. They had probably sent her out to find out what happened.
But Rose just stepped around her and went down to the sidewalk. She had a small blue rubber ball and began to bounce it off the wall of the house. Just like a kid. Even though she wore all that makeup, Allie thought, Rose really was only a kid. She didn't even have breasts yet.
"So what?" said Rose, still bouncing her ball against the wall. "You think breasts are a big deal?"
Allie knew she hadn't been talking to herself. "Hey!" she called, "How do you do that?"
Rose smiled, but didn't stop bouncing the ball. "Do what?"
"How do you know what I'm thinking?"
Rose looked at her for a second, and then caught the ball and kept it. She walked up and sat down beside Allie. "You know what?" she said. "I'm not usually that good at it. Wait till Timmy gets used to you. He can do it through walls. He's probably listening to us right now. That's his special."
"His special what?" said Allie. She was nervous because Rose was sitting too close to her.
"His special...you know...thing. I mean, all of us have a special. Except Lew."
"Who's Lew?"
"He's just the greatest..." Rose struggled to find a word, but then said again, "...greatest. Wait till you meet him." She glanced at Allie. "Can you tell what I'm thinking?" Rose asked, giving Allie a little smile. 
She was cute, Allie thought. Only why did she wear all that makeup?
"Aw, come on, Allie. You're not even trying," said Rose.
"I don't know how," said Allie. "I didn't know anybody knew how."
"All right," Rose sighed. "I get it. It's not your special. Tell me about the place you came from."
Allie stood up. She didn't want to sit so close to Rose, and didn't want to tell her about the old place, either. But even so, Rose's question made her remember the time the four orderlies tried to hold her down...She shook her head.
"Wow!" Rose said. "And you just threw them all across the room? By yourself?"
"Stop it!" Allie shouted. "I don't want you to know that."
"OK, all right, I'm sorry. Forget it," Rose said. "Only...if we're going to be friends, I want to know what you're like."
"It makes me nervous when you know what I'm thinking," said Allie.
"Yeah, I know what you mean," Rose replied. "I'll try not to do it, if it bothers you. It isn't my real special, anyway."
Rose bounced her ball up and down a few times. "You want to go down to the corner?" she asked.
Allie looked at her. "I don't know. Do they really let you?"
"Sure. Did the Doc give you some money?"
Allie took the fifty dollars out of her pocket and showed it to Rose. "Cool," Rose said. "I've spent all mine, except for some I put away to buy Lew a present for his birthday. But there's a lot of things I really need. I told the machine man-that's Jay-we ought to strike for more money. He laughed and wouldn't play. He's got everything he wants. You should see his room. It's full of all this electronic junk, like he's a mad scientist. Anyway, we can get something. Let's go." Rose put out her hand for Allie to take. 
Allie cringed and drew away. "If I want to come back, we'll go back, all right?" she said.
"Yeah, sure," Rose said. "You're not used to it, I can tell."
"It isn't just that," Allie said.
"Well, you've got to do it sometime, or you'll have to stay cooped up here with Timmy and the machine man. Come on."
Allie walked beside Rose to the end of the block. There were people here.
"They aren't going to touch you," Rose said impatiently. "It's crowded, but you'll get used to it. I didn't grow up here either. But nobody really bumps into you."
"I did grow up here," Allie said, even though she couldn't recall ever walking on the street.
Rose shrugged and pointed to a store just a few doors down the street. As they approached it, Allie saw that it had a lot of lipsticks and shampoo and powder and a million other things she didn't recognize in the window. In the few steps it took to get there, Allie was relieved to find that people really didn't touch her as they went by. She followed Rose into the store.
It looked almost as bad as Dr. Chill's office. The store was crowded with shelves and display cases. Allie couldn't imagine how people could even need all the things that were for sale here.
Rose led her to a glass display case in the back. It held small boxes in a variety of soft pastel cases. Allie fell in love with them. They looked so pretty and perfect. She wished she could take them out and handle them.
A silver-haired woman appeared behind the counter. "Hello, Rose," she said in a warm voice. "Who's your friend? Is this your sister at last?"
Rose shot Allie a look and said, "Yes, Mrs. Klein. This is Allie."
Mrs. Klein smiled. "I'm so glad to meet you, Allie. Rose has told me all about you. I hope you're feeling better."
Allie opened her mouth, but couldn't say anything. She glared at Rose, who pretended not to notice.
"Allie's fine now, Mrs. Klein," Rose said. "She's home to stay."
"Oh, that's good," Mrs. Klein said in a sugary voice. "Well, shall we pick out something nice for Allie as a coming-home present? What would you like, dear?"
Allie was torn between the desire to run out of the store and her interest in the little boxes. There was one that was green. When Allie didn't say anything, Mrs. Klein said, "How about some foundation cream?"
Allie didn't have the slightest idea what that was. "I'd like to look at that green box," she said, pointing through the glass.
Mrs. Klein smiled and slid open the glass from her side of the counter. "That's a lovely perfume," she said. "It's a tiny bit expensive, though. Seventy-nine ninety-five for this size. We have larger sizes."
She handed the box to Allie, who felt her heart pound as she held it in her hands. There was something about the color that made her think...of something she couldn't remember. But as she handled it, she knew she wanted it more than anything else she had ever seen.
She realized there was something inside the box. The perfume, of course.
How much for just the box?" Allie asked.
Mrs. Klein looked surprised. "For the box? Well...the perfume comes with the box, dear. It's lovely perfume." She showed Allie a bottle that was already open. "Here. Try a sample." She took the stopper out of the bottle and reached toward Allie's hand. Allie jerked backwards, startling Mrs. Klein.
Rose said hastily, "Allie's got a skin condition, Mrs. Klein. She can break out in a bad rash."
"Oh," Mrs. Klein said. "Well, then she ought to have hypo-allergenic cosmetics. We have a supply of them on that shelf over there." Allie glanced toward where Mrs. Klein was pointing. The boxes there were glossy and had brighter colors. She didn't like them. "I really want just the box," she said. Rose was making a face at her, but she didn't care. "What about the box that bottle came in?" Allie said, pointing at the sample.
Mrs. Klein frowned. "Well, I think I threw it...wait." She smiled at Allie. "I'll go back and look, if you like."
Allie nodded, but Mrs. Klein didn't move. She reached toward the box Allie was holding. "I'll just put that back, if you don't want the perfume, dear," she said. Allie gave it up reluctantly and watched as Mrs. Klein locked it up in the display case. Then she disappeared through a door to the rear of the store.
Allie turned to Rose. "What's this about-"
Rose cut her off. "I'll tell you later. Listen, she's not selling boxes. I didn't know you didn't know anything. You've got to buy something. I always do. That's why she lets me sample stuff."
"I don't want any perfume," said Allie. "I don't even have enough money."
"Well, how about shampoo, then? You ought to do something about your hair, you know that?"
Allie put her hand to her hair and Rose added, "I don't mean it's that terrible. I mean, I guess it's not your fault..."
"I washed my hair just last night," Allie said.
"With what?"
"Soap. What else?"
Rose groaned. "OK. Let me pick out some shampoo for you, will you? And some conditioner. Don't ask questions. And cut out the stuff about the boxes, even if she can't find one, all right?
Allie struggled to control herself. She didn't want anything to happen. She looked nervously around the store. There was so much glass1 She shook her head violently, but she couldn't shake away the thought of that green box.
Rose sent off to search the open shelves for shampoo. Meanwhile, Mrs. Klein reappeared, holding up something that made Allie's heart leap. A little green box. "Found it," Mrs. Klein said, and handed it to Allie.
Allie turned it over in her hand. It was feathery-light, much better without the heavy bottle inside it.
Rose returned with two large plastic bottles. Allie hardly gave them a glance.
"They're green, all right?" Rose said.  "Garnier Fructis shampoo and conditioner."
"Oh, but dear," said Mrs. Klein. "They're not hypo-allergenic."
"Uh, yeah, but her scalp isn't as sensitive," Rose said. "Anyway, if she gets a reaction, we can come back for more."
"Well, if you're sure that's what you want," said Mrs. Klein. "That's $3.95 for the shampoo and $4.95 for the conditioner."
"Fine," Rose said. She looked at Allie, who looked back blankly. "Your money?" Rose reminded her.
"Oh," said Allie, trying to add the prices in her head. The .95 parts made it hard. "How much for the box?"
Mrs. Klein smiled. "Well, that's my homecoming gift to you, Allie. It is a lovely box, isn't it?"
"Thanks a lot, Mrs. Klein," said Rose. She shot Allie another look.
"Oh, yes, that's nice," said Allie. She put all her money on the counter and Mrs. Klein picked up one of the ten-dollar bills. Allie was relieved there was enough. She left Rose to collect the change and the bag containing the stuff for her hair.
Allie went outside and just stood on the sidewalk staring at the green box. She noticed that people walked around her, avoiding her. That was good. Then Rose emerged from the store. "What do you want to do now?" she said. "You want to look at magazines? The guy in the store down the block lets you, if you don't wrinkle them and if you remember to buy one once in a while."
"I want to go back," Allie said. The box in her hand felt good, but fragile. She wished they were already back at the house, so she could put it in a safe place in her room.
"It isn't time for dinner yet," said Rose. Then she lowered her voice. "Hey, Allie, don't look up, all right?"
Allie looked at her and then on both sides. "What's the matter?"
"I said don't look up!" Rose whispered. "Just act normal."
Allie almost laughed. Normal? She had no idea what being normal looked like. She stood very still and tried not to look at anything.
"Now, listen," said Rose. "We're going to walk back to the corner, all right? Just be cool, and act like nothing's going on."
"But what's going on?"
"Let's get to the corner first."
They walked down there. "Cross the street," ordered Rose.
"But the house is on this side," said Allie.
"Come on!" Rose said. She took Allie's hand, and Allie tried to pull away. "Stop it!" said Rose fiercely. "I know you won't hurt me. It's all right."
Allie let her hand go limp and rest as loosely as possible in Rose's. They crossed the street.
"All right now," Rose said. "Let's stand here with our backs to him for a minute. Just talking, as if we can't decide where to go next."
Allie started to look over her shoulder, and Rose squeezed her hand-hard. "Stop it!" Allie cried, pulling her hand away in alarm.
Rose let go, but hissed at Allie, "Just don't look back. We don't want him to know we've spotted him."
It took all the self-control Allie could muster not to look back. But she managed and asked Rose, "Who is it? A guard?"
"Nah, they don't have guards. Couldn't you see that? Listen, we'll just stand here. Tell me about the place you were at before. Tell me what you did to the orderlies, like you started to before. I won't laugh. I promise."
Allie sighed. Rose was so different from anyone she had known before. Or maybe not, because there was a girl in the old place who was always talking with people nobody else could see.
Rose snickered. "I can see him, all right."
"You promised not to do that," Allie said.
Rose shrugged. "So why don't you just tell me? You were in like a mental hospital, right? Don't worry about it. I was in an orphanage one time. And Jay! Wow, I could tell you about him!"
"Really?" In spite of herself, Allie was interested. "Was he in a mental..."
"Nah, worse than that. Much worse. Anyway, how am I gonna know how bad it was for you unless you tell me?"
Allie figured that Rose could just read her mind, so she tried not to think about what had happened. But the memory just kept popping into her head, so she decided it was just as easy to talk about it and get it over with.
"I had done something bad," Allie began. "Again. Only this time they sent these four big orderlies, and they were rough with me. They were trying to get the restraints on me, and I fought them. So they started grabbing me everywhere, you know what I mean? On purpose, because they could really do about anything to us they wanted..." She had trouble finishing, and took a deep breath.
Rose slipped her hand into Allie's again, but lightly, and Allie let it stay there. She was surprised that when someone touched you, it could make you feel better.
"So what did you do to them?" prompted Rose.
"I got panicky, I couldn't think of anything except that I just wanted them off me, and I thought right now. It was like this electric shock or something, and they flew in all directions. A couple of them went bang against the wall or wound up on the floor."
Rose began to laugh. Allie stared at her. She started to say, "It wasn't..." But then she started to giggle too, and then the two of them were just standing there laughing at each other.
"But it wasn't funny!" Allie finally managed to gasp.
"Sure it was. I wish I could have seen it," Rose said. "So that's why the Doc brought you here."
"Really? But...Dr. Chill said I wasn't sick."
Rose shook her head. "Well, yeah. What makes you think you're sick."
"Well...you're not supposed to do things like that to people, are you?"
"I wish I could," said Rose. "There are some people....oh wait. I get it. When you did stuff like that, they told you not to touch people, is that it?"
Allie nodded.
"Well, I'm holding your hand, right? And nothing's happening to me, is it?"
"But maybe it's because...you're different."
"Of course I'm different. So are you. Anyway, get hold of yourself. We've been talking long enough. We're going to turn around, like we decided to go back to the house. Don't let your teeth fall out or anything, and don't stare! Just look casually up to the bus stop across from Mrs. Klein's store. There's a guy standing there. He's wearing a brown suit and has glasses on."
They turned around and took each other's hand again as they crossed the street. Allie did what Rose had told her to. She saw the brown-suited man. He wasn't looking at them. He was reading a newspaper under a little shelter on the sidewalk.
As they walked down the street where the house was, Rose asked, "Did you see him?"
"Yes, I guess so," said Allie. "But he didn't look...dangerous or anything. Who is he?"
"He's one of the people who come to watch us sometimes. A lot of different people do that. But he's the only one who I see hanging around out here. I have a bad feeling about him. He's going to do something I don't like."
"What?" asked Allie.
"I don't know exactly, yet. But he will, I can tell."
"How?"
Rose was silent for a moment. Finally she said, "That's my special."
Allie was confused. "I thought your special was knowing what people are thinking. Can you tell what that man is thinking?"
"No," said Rose. "He's a blank, even when he's in the room with us. I wish Timmy could talk, so he could tell us. See, I really can do the reading-minds thing best with you. Maybe that's why I knew you were coming. You remember in the store? When Mrs. Klein said--"
"Yes," Allie said, nodding. "I wanted to ask you. How did you know?"
"I just knew. That's my real special. It's a lot rarer than telepathy, Doc says. I can predict-sometimes-what's going to happen. It's not like I can always do it. But I just knew you were coming."
Allie didn't know what to say. "Why did you tell Mrs. Klein that I was your sister?"
"Oh, because...I wanted her to think we were part of a family. We're not supposed to let people know what we're doing."
"What we're doing? You mean at the house?" Allie asked. "What are we doing?"
Rose stopped and looked at Allie. When she spoke her voice was low. "We're part of Dr. Chill's project."
Allie started to ask another question, but Rose had already started walking again. Allie could see that the younger girl liked to make things very dramatic. Allie could hardly tell what to believe and what not.
Even so, she hurried to catch up. It was sort of fun being with Rose.
At the front door, Rose turned and handed Allie the bag with the bottles of shampoo and conditioner. "You'll find out more about it," Rose said, as she took out a key and fit it into the lock. "But the main thing is that we're going to be friends. Promise?"
Allie didn't know what to say. She nodded, and Rose suddenly grabbed her and hugged her. Allie gasped. Nobody had ever hugged her before-at least that she could remember-except when she imagined her parents doing it. But she could never tell if that had really happened or not. But with Rose it was real.
And nothing bad happened to Rose.
Chapter Four
At six o'clock, as Dr. Chill had said, everyone gathered on the main floor for dinner. In the meantime, Allie had taken a shower and used the shampoo and conditioner, putting the conditioner on last the way Rose had told her. Rose had also lent Allie a hair dryer, warning her not to use it in the tub.
From the ads Allie had seen in magazines, she thought her hair would come out all glossy and neat. But when she looked at herself in the mirror, it just seemed a little frizzier. Still Allie was pleased, because her hair smelled better than she could remember. Rose nodded critically when she saw Allie and added that it was too bad there was nobody around to impress except Jay.
"What about that other boy you mentioned, Lew?" Allie asked.
Rose frowned. "Yeah, that's right, he's due back tomorrow."
"I thought you liked him," Allie said.
"Oh, yeah, he's great," said Rose. She gave Allie another look. "But...listen Allie, promise me something, will you? Just kind of...leave him for me, understand?"
Allie thought it was a strange request. Boys had never found her attractive in the least. But because it was important to Rose, she said, "He's all yours.” Rose grabbed her hand and squeezed it. Allie was getting used to that.
When they sat down at the table, Elizabeth noticed. "Your hair," she said. "You've done something to it."
Dr. Chill looked up. "Ah, that's the influence of our Rose, I imagine," he said. "I hope you didn't let Rose persuade you to spend all your money on cosmetics, Allie."
Allie smiled shyly, not used to this kind of attention. She noticed that even little Timmy sat at the table with the others, and he was looking at her too. She didn't know how to react.
A woman appeared from the kitchen and set down a large platter. "Well, we have roast beef tonight, I see," said Dr. Chill. "Probably in honor of your arrival, Allie." He reached for the platter.
Allie watched carefully to see how the others handled the passing of the food. She was used to somebody giving her a plastic tray with everything on it. Here, everybody used a fork or spoon to take their food. Except Timmy, who used his fingers for everything, even the mashed potatoes. He mixed it all together on his plate to make a gooey mess and looked more interested in playing with it than eating it. Nobody seemed to mind, however.
Dr. Chill cleared his throat and said to Allie, "We often use the dinner hour for discussing things that are normally taught in school. Most of you have had little formal schooling--"
"I was in school for a few years," Jay interrupted, "and they never taught me anything like the stuff you talk about. Lew says that too."
"You're correct," said Dr. Chill. "Sadly, the schools are not all they should be. Much of the time spent there is wasted. However, the three of you are in some ways even less well prepared than the average graduate of an American school. Allie, I don't mean to embarrass you, but let me ask: Can you read?”
She nodded. "Some. But a have trouble with a lot of words."
He nodded. "We have magazines and newspapers and books here. Read them as often as you can. The more you read, the better at it you'll become. And if there are words you don't know, you'll find a dictionary there."
Allie looked puzzled.
"Do you know what a dictionary is?" Elizabeth asked gently.
Allie shook her head.
"I can show her," Rose said.
"That would be excellent, Rose," said Dr. Chill. He looked around. "Would anyone like a second helping?"
Allie had barely eaten anything from her plate, but Dr. Chill had somehow cleaned his while he was talking. He filled it again, and tucked his napkin under his shirt collar. "Now," he began, "let me tell you about government."
Most of what he explained was new to Allie. She had seen pictures of the president in magazines and gotten the idea that he was important, but she didn't know what a great man he was and what good things the government did for the country. The way Dr. Chill made it sound, the government was a little like the nurses and doctors in the old place, except much nicer. And the people got to vote for the government, so everybody ought to be willing to do whatever it decided.
As Dr. Chill talked, the others finished their dinners. Then Elizabeth brought out some ice cream. Timmy picked his out of the bowl and shoved it into his mouth. Some of it ran out and down his chin. He was almost as bad as some of the worst kids in the old place. Allie was surprised that they let him sit at the table, especially since he didn't seem the least bit interested in what Dr. Chill was saying. In fact, as soon as Timmy finished his ice cream, Elizabeth moved the bowl out of his way-just in time, because he immediately plopped his head down on the table and went to sleep.
Jay finished his dessert in a more conventional way, but he too seemed bored by Dr. Chill. He sat tapping his fingers on the table in a way that irritated Allie, but nobody asked him to stop. Rose squirmed a little, as if she too might have heard some of this before, but she kept silent until Dr. Chill finished.
He looked around. "Does anyone have any questions?" he asked.
Rose immediately said, "What would the government do if somebody grabbed one of us off the street and took her away?"
Dr. Chill and Elizabeth exchanged glances. "Well," Dr. Chill said thoughtfully, "that would be against the law. And the police would find that person and punish him." He paused. "Do you have any special reason for asking, Rose?"
"You mean like, can I see it happening?"
Dr. Chill spread his hands. "That...or any other reason."
Rose frowned. "I guess not."
Allie was surprised. She wondered why Rose didn't tell Dr. Chill about the man in the brown suit. Allie blurted out, "Why would anyone want to take us away?"
Jay laughed. "Where've you been, anyway? People are always grabbing kids off the street."
"Really?" Allie shivered. She hadn't known that.
Dr. Chill frowned. "That doesn't happen all that often, Allie. Jay has had a bad personal experience that colors his attitude. And he had no home at the time, no one to look after him, which made him particularly vulnerable. You have a home here. We will look after you, and you needn't fear--"
"What about the kids who move on?" Jay asked.
Dr. Chill shot him a look. He seemed slightly annoyed, but then resumed his normal smile. "We've discussed that before, Jay," he said.
There was a silence at the table. Finally Elizabeth said, "Perhaps now is the time to tell Allie something about the project."
Dr. Chill shook his head. "You know that our usual rule is not to talk about the project at the table." He smiled at Allie. "We like our family discussions to be about other things."
Allie glanced at Timmy. Was this what a family was like?
Dr. Chill followed her glance and chuckled. "You may not believe it, but Timmy has made a great deal of progress. When he first arrived, he had been diagnosed as autistic."
"Autistic?" Allie repeated. "There were some kids at the old place who were autistic. They never get better."
"Sadly, most don't," Dr. Chill said. "Timmy bears out my theory--" He cut himself off. "I see I'm in danger of breaking my own rule. Perhaps we should move to the living room and continue our discussion. Rose? Jay? Would you care to join us?"
They both shook their heads.
"Could you take Timmy to his room?" Elizabeth asked Jay.
"Sure," Jay said. He picked Timmy out of his chair and effortlessly tossed him over his shoulder. Allie thought Timmy smiled a little as he nestled against Jay's shoulder.
"I'll just see if there's any more of that ice cream," Dr. Chill said, heading in the direction of the kitchen.
When Elizabeth and Allie had settled into comfortable chairs in the living room, Dr. Chill reappeared with a half-full container of ice cream. "Would anyone else like some?" he asked. Allie was full. Elizabeth declined too, and Dr. Chill contentedly seated himself and began to eat directly from the container with a spoon. Allie noticed that he had brought only one spoon.
Dr. Chill spoke between spoonfuls. "As you know, I prefer that you discover what our work is through experience. However..." He glanced at Elizabeth. "...the other doctor thinks you should have some preparation."
Allie nodded. She wondered if Elizabeth and Dr. Chill were married. They didn't quite seem as if they belonged together. Of course, the only married people she had ever known were her parents, and she didn't remember them quite well. She had read about other married couples in People, but they were always glamorous and didn't look much like either Elizabeth or Dr. Chill.
Elizabeth was short. She wasn't fat like Dr. Chill, but she wasn't thin either. She wasn't special looking in any way. Her hair was a kind of dark brown, but it just hung straight down and looked as if she cut off the ends with a scissors. Allie fingered her own hair, which the nurses had cut in just that way. She thought maybe Elizabeth could take some advice from Rose about how to look. She shook her head. Better not say anything like that, she reminded herself.
Then she froze. Elizabeth was looking at her with a funny smile on her face, as if she knew what Allie was thinking. Maybe she could read minds the way Rose did. Allie felt her face get red. This was worse than the old place. At least there you could think whatever you wanted without getting in trouble.
"Dr. Chill told me what you were able to do in his office this afternoon, Allie," Elizabeth said.
"I didn't mean to," Allie started to explain.
"Cut that out," Dr. Chill interrupted, shaking his ice-cream spoon at her. "I told you, you don't have to worry about that. I thought you said you didn't want to be like everybody else."
"Everyone here has special talents," Elizabeth said. "Rose gave you a sample of hers when you first met her, didn't she? Did she give a further demonstration when you went out this afternoon?"
Allie wasn't sure if Rose would want her to tell what happened. "A little," she said.
Elizabeth looked at Dr. Chill. He didn't notice. He scraped the last of the ice cream from the container and put it in his mouth. Then he seemed to notice that both Elizabeth and Allie were looking at him.
He withdrew the spoon and cleared his throat. "Rose's ability," he muttered, as if picking up the thread of the conversation. "You must have noticed, Allie, that Rose can tell what you are thinking."
Allie nodded.
"Of course you did," he said. "Rose is quite comfortable with...that part of her ability. It's called telepathy. Fairly common, as a matter of fact. Obviously, it's a little disconcerting...um, uncomfortable, even embarrassing, to know that a person around you can read your thoughts." He glanced at Elizabeth, who smiled.
Elizabeth looked at Allie. "Your ability is different. What you have is called telekinesis. That means you can physically influence things with your mind."
Allie nodded, trying to remember the word. Dr. Chill said, "When you made the peanut wrapper jump, that was telekinesis. And you've done other things like that."
Oh, hell, thought Allie. I don't want them to ask me about it.
"It's better to talk about the things that disturb us," Elizabeth said gently. "To share them with others who are sympathetic."
Allie didn't say anything. 
Suddenly Elizabeth asked, "Did you or Rose see anybody unusual while you were out this afternoon?"
Allie hesitated, and then she saw that by not answering right away, she had told Dr. Chill and Elizabeth what they wanted to know. They can tell what you're thinking, she realized, even if you try to hide it.
"There's a man..." Dr. Chill began, "who, oh...takes an interest in the work we do here." He looked at Elizabeth, and she gave the smallest of nods.
"Yes," Dr. Chill continued. "You may see him occasionally here at the house, and perhaps, perhaps..." He stopped to clear his throat again.
"He may ask you to go with him," Elizabeth said.
Allie nodded. Rose was right, then. "I wouldn't do that," she said.
"Well," Dr. Chill replied, "you may want to."
Allie was puzzled. "Why would I want to?"
"You haven't gotten control of your special yet," Elizabeth said. "You haven't found out what you can do."
"Oh, I have," said Allie.
"No," Elizabeth said firmly. "You've done certain things, but you haven't really learned to control it."
"You will, though," said Dr. Chill. "And when you do, you may want to go on."
"With...this man," added Elizabeth.
"Why?" asked Allie. She was thinking how Rose seemed to fear the man, her feeling that he was going to do something bad to them. Although, as Allie thought back now, he had looked like any other person. Of course, how was she supposed to know what a regular person was like? All the people she ever knew were doctors, nurses, and crazies.
"He can give you a purpose," Elizabeth said. "Something that will help your country. Everyone wants to do something great with their life. Don't you agree?"
Allie was surprised. "I never thought about it."
"Of course not," said Dr. Chill. "But you're going to grow up someday, and when you do...it will be just as Elizabeth says. You will have to go on. You will want to."
Grow up? Allie had never thought about that. She had always imagined she was going to stay in the old place until her parents came for her at last.
But her parents hadn't come. She looked at Elizabeth and Dr. Chill. They were the ones who came for her. It wasn't the way Allie had imagined. And now they were already talking about her going someplace else.
"It may not happen for a long time yet," Elizabeth said.
"Oh my, yes," said Dr. Chill. "We'll have you with us for quite a while. We're going to play a lot of games together."
Allie was suddenly afraid. "Not the kind of thing we did this afternoon," she said.
"Well, well, well, maybe not exactly," Dr. Chill said.
"You must learn not to be afraid of yourself, Allie," said Elizabeth. "Of what you can do."
"I could hurt someone," said Allie. She bit her lip. Should she tell them that she had already hurt people?
"You won't," said Dr. Chill, rising from his chair. "Why don't you let Elizabeth give you some things to read?"
As Elizabeth took some books down from the shelves, Allie was thinking, What if I did, without meaning to? I don't know what they're talking about, all this about telekinesis. I never decided to do any of those things. And if I did hurt someone, Rose or one of the others, would they send me back to the old place?
Allie was exhausted when she got back to her room. She put the books down on the floor. All the time she had been talking to Dr. Chill and Elizabeth, she had wanted to hold something in her hand. But she had tried not to think about it. If Elizabeth knew, maybe she would take it away.
She opened the bottom drawer of her dresser. Way in the back, she had hidden the little green box that Mrs. Klein had given her. She was relieved to find that it was still there. Maybe they didn't have surveillance cameras in the rooms.
Maybe they didn't need to.
She brought the box out anyway, cradling it in her hand. Green. It wanted to remind her of something. Something she had known about. Something in the time when she lived with her parents. That was why she had wanted it so much.
But she still couldn't remember just what. It was like having an itch when they put you in the restraints. You couldn't reach it, couldn't scratch it. But she had the box now, and she would think and think until she remembered. When she fell asleep, she was still holding it.
Chapter Five
Allie was awakened the next morning by somebody knocking at her door. Nobody came in, but she could hear people moving around in the house, water running, and doors closing. After a while, she guessed she was supposed to get up by herself-something else she'd have to get used to She tried to think of a better hiding place for the green box, but decided that if they wanted to search her room, there was nothing she could do about it. She wrapped it in her underwear and tucked it far back in the drawer.
When she got downstairs, the others were already eating. Allie saw that Rose was wearing even heavier makeup than the day before. She supposed that was because Lew was coming today. Allie thought Rose would have looked better if-but then she realized what she was thinking, and cut off the thought by looking at the food.
There was a choice of eggs scrambled or fried, toast with jellies or butter, cereal, milk, orange or grape juice, and hot dogs. Hot dogs? Allie looked around. Timmy had several hot dogs on his plate, and he was eating them without rolls as if they were bananas.
Dr. Chill looked out from behind the newspaper he was reading. "What would you like, Allie?"
Allie stared at the food. "I...I don't know," she said. There were too many choices. What would she like? It seemed like such a simple question, but she couldn't answer.
HOT DOGS GOOD!
Allie clapped her hands to her ears. The words had sounded so loud, it was as if somebody had drilled into her head. But after a second, she realized that nobody else had heard them. Dr. Chill and Elizabeth had looked at her, but Rose and Jay were still calmly eating. They hadn't heard, either.
Finally she noticed Timmy. He was looking straight at her for the first time. He had a big smile on his face and his eyes were bright. "You did that," Allie said.
"Oh," Elizabeth said, suddenly understanding. "Did Timmy send to you, Allie?"
"He did?" Dr. Chill asked. He seemed as delighted as he had been yesterday when she moved the peanut wrapper. "What did he tell you?"
"It was...so loud," Allie said.
"You'll get used to that," Dr. Chill said. "But I didn't hear anything. Did you, Elizabeth? Rose?"
Rose looked up and shook her head, looking curiously at Allie.
"That's wonderful," Dr. Chill said. He rubbed his hands together. "I knew you were going to fit in, Allie, I knew it."
Allie couldn't see what was wonderful about it. Her head was still ringing. "Wouldn't it be just as good if he had said something to me?"
Dr. Chill chuckled. "Anybody can talk to you," he said. "But Timmy is special."
Jay spoke up. "What'd he send you?"
"He said hot dogs were good," Allie replied.
Everybody laughed at that, except Timmy, who shoved a hot dog in his mouth.
"Usually, everybody can hear him when he sends," said Rose.
"Not me," said Jay.
"Oh, not you, because you're just a machine," Rose said. "But everybody else."
"Good thing too," said Jay, looking at Allie. "If he gets really out of control, just call me. My room's right across the hall from yours."
It was? Allie hadn't known that. She thought she'd better make sure to lock her door.
Rose giggled, and Allie shot her a look. "Sorry," Rose said. "But he's really harmless."
Jay missed the point. "Yeah," he said. "Tim won't actually hurt anybody."
"Maybe you'd like to try some hot dogs," Elizabeth told Allie.
Allie rubbed her head. The ringing was fading. "I guess I'd better," she said.
The hot dogs weren't too bad, as it turned out, but neither milk nor orange juice tasted good with them. After a while, Allie had some toast, but when she took it, she noticed that Timmy seemed to lose interest in her. That was all right as far as she was concerned. She would be just as happy if he never sent her again. But she noticed Dr. Chill watching her closely, waiting to see if anything more happened.
Fortunately, nothing did. After breakfast, they all went down to the rec room. Timmy was placed inside his little enclosure with his toys. Jay went off to the video games, and Rose and Elizabeth sat down at a table. They had a deck of cards and Elizabeth began to shuffle them.
That left Allie with Dr. Chill. "Do you like to play games?" he asked. He was as usual bouncy and enthusiastic. Today he was wearing a T-shirt that read, YOU'RE THE BOSS. Somehow, Allie felt the message was for her, but she didn't trust it.
In the old place, kids played games, but they usually ended up in a fight of some kind. Because somebody won and somebody lost. Nobody liked to lose. Allie learned that it was safest not to play.
"You can play Ping-Pong, can't you?" Dr. Chill said.
Allie picked up one of the paddles. It was hard, made of wood with a rubber covering. In the old place, the paddles were plastic and covered with heavy foam rubber so that kids couldn't hurt each other with them.
"I guess a little," Allie said. She had seen people play.
"Let's try without keeping score for a while," Dr. Chill said. "Ready? I'll serve to you."
Allie got slightly interested in it after a while. She liked the way the little plastic ball sounded when it bounced on the table. Dr. Chill didn't seem to be very good, even though he wanted to play so much. When she managed to return one of his serves, he either missed it or made a weak return.
He let her take a turn serving, and she got the hang of it. You really didn't need any strength for this. You just had to manage to hold the ball until you hit it. Pretty soon, the two of them were batting the ball back and forth a few times without missing.
Dr. Chill finally held up his hand for a pause. He was really overweight. She could see the wet spot on his T-shirt where he had started to sweat. "Let's play for real now," he said. "We'll keep score. Game to twenty-one. You have to win by two."
Allie shrugged. She had been having a good time just doing this. In the old place, she wouldn't play games with anybody who wanted to keep score.
"You serve first," Dr. Chill said.
She picked up the ball and bounced it over the net. Dr. Chill met it squarely and sent it back to her, much harder than he had before. She made a weak stab at the ball, but when it hit the table, it bounced away from her.
"I'm ahead," he said, smiling as if this were a big deal. "My serve again." Allie retrieved the ball and tossed it over to him.
His next serve was fast and had a tricky spin on it. Allie wasn't able to get anywhere near it. She started to get annoyed. He'd just been hiding how good he was, to get her to play. That was mean.
He let her serve. She felt nervous and clumsy. She sort of pushed the ball across the net, and Dr. Chill slammed it back. Allie barely made an effort to return it.
"Come on, come on," Dr. Chill said. "You can do better. What's the matter with you?"
He served again, and she went after it, managing to tap the ball back to him this time. But he easily slapped it back to the other side of the table where Allie couldn't reach it.
This was stupid, she decided. So he could beat her. What did that prove?
She made another feeble attempt to serve the ball, and again he smashed it back. They went on like this, with Dr. Chill continuing to needle her. Finally he said, "It's ten to nothing. You're not going to let me skunk you, are you? You better improve. You're not making it here, Allie."
What was that supposed to mean? She started getting angry. Just because she couldn't play Ping-Pong, they were going to send her back to the old place? That was stupid, but everything here was crazy.
It was her turn to serve. She concentrated on the ball. She held it in her hand. It was so light. She batted it with the paddle, and she could see it move very clearly as if she were watching a movie in slow motion. She saw Dr. Chill get ready to hit it back. And she didn't want him to. She wanted him to miss! Right now!
All of a sudden the ball began to turn. It moved out of the way of Dr. Chill's paddle. He missed it so completely that his paddle slapped through the air and hit the corner of the table.
Allie laughed, and Dr. Chill gave her a look. She clapped her hand over her mouth. "I didn't mean--" she started to say.
"Don't think about it now," he said. "Get ready. I'm going to serve." He already had picked up the ball, and sent it flying across the net. It still seemed as if she could see it moving slowly. After it hit the table on her side, it started to spin away from her, but she called it back--right now!--and it turned just the way it had before. She smacked it back to Dr. Chill, who didn't even make an attempt to return it.
He was trying to jump up and down, but he was so fat, all that was happening was that his chest and stomach were jiggling under his T-shirt. "Yes! Yes!" he kept saying. She couldn't understand it. First he tried to beat her, then he was happy because she was beating him.
He made her finish the game, still keeping score. For a while, she began to catch up to him. Then she calmed down and began to lose points again. And again he started to needle her, angering her. She got the hang of what she had done before, and began to win again. Finally the game ended, twenty-one to nineteen in her favor.
Dr. Chill was practically collapsing. His T-shirt was soaked, but he was smiling. "Great, Allie!" he said. "You're going to be really great!" It was like he was training her to become the world's greatest Ping-Pong player.
"Come with me, Allie," Dr. Chill said. "I want to show you something." He started moving her over to one of the computer monitors along the wall, but just then Allie saw Rose stand up and look toward the entrance to the rec room. Rose's face lit up as if she was waiting for the thing she wanted most in the world.
And then, sure enough, this slim black kid came walking through the doorway. "Lew!" Rose shouted, running toward him. He caught her as she jumped at him and twirled her around as if they were ballet dancers. He was wearing a blue baseball cap with the brim turned to the side, a silver shirt, black jeans with the top of his underwear showing, and black sneakers.
When he put Rose down, his dark eyes flicked around the room, and everybody started to move toward him. Allie found herself coming forward too, almost as if she had to. Lew's eyes brushed across her face, hesitating just for a second and then moving on, as if he could tell in a second just what she was like. For her, it was a physical feeling, as if he had put his arms around her for a second.
A sudden sound made everybody look in Timmy's direction. He was throwing his toys over the side of the little fence that surrounded his play area.
"Hey-y-y-y," Lew said. His voice was low, but it stopped Timmy immediately. Lew walked across the room. Allie thought he seemed to glide, rather than walk. She was fascinated by him, and a little afraid as well. She had never seen anybody like him before. You had to watch him.
Timmy was standing up and rattling the fence. Lew brushed his hand through the little boy's hair. "Yo, my man," he said. "You got something to tell me?"
All of a sudden Allie heard HI LEW in her brain, so loud that it made her jump.
Lew smiled and said, "Hi, Tim." He turned around and looked at Allie. "You hear him?" he asked.
"Yes," Allie said.
"Mmmmmm. What's your special?" he asked. "Who's gonna win the Yankees game tonight?"
"No!" Rose broke in. "She can't tell you, Lew. That's my special. She can't do that." She grabbed Lew's arm.
"Then you tell me, little pink Rose," he said. "Who's gonna win the Yankees game?"
"Oh, come on, Lew, you know I don't like to think about things like that," Rose said.
"No?" He winked at Allie and said, "Her daddy used to make her think about things like that, you know."
"Yes," said Rose, "and you know I don't like to."
Lew patted Rose's hand. "I know, Rose, but if you did, we could make an awful lot of money."
"I don't want to," she muttered.
"Someday, someday," Lew said. He turned back to Allie. "Now, who're you?"
Dr. Chill spoke up. "This is Allie, Lew," he said.
Lew's eyes flickered over Allie again, making her self-conscious. She took a step away from him. "You shouldn't touch me," she said.
"No?" he said. "That your special? Bad for people to touch you?"
"Yeah," said Rose. "Keep your hands off her."
Dr. Chill spoke soothingly, "Allie isn't comfortable with physical contact just yet, Lew. But you might join us in taking a look at her special."
Allie stared. "What are you talking about?" she said. "I'm not going to--"
"But you already have, Allie," Dr. Chill said. "I was just going to show you. We have it all on video. Come. You'll see." He went over to one of the monitors along the wall, and the others followed.
Dr. Chill began to type some commands into the computer. Allie fidgeted nervously, because she didn't know what they were going to see, and also because Lew was standing a little too close to her, almost as if he wanted to irritate her. "How old are you?" he said.
"Fifteen," she replied.
"Yeah? You look older. I'm fifteen too."
Allie was surprised. He really did look older, at least seventeen, even though he wasn't any taller than she was. She was trying to think of something to ask him when the screen on the monitor cleared.
She saw herself, playing Ping-Pong with Dr. Chill. She watched, fascinated. She had never seen herself on television before. It was an odd feeling. She wished the others weren't watching too. Did she really look like that, move that clumsily? And then the sound came on, and she heard herself talking. She didn't think it sounded like her, but it must be, because when the Allie on the screen moved her mouth, this noise came out.
Dr. Chill turned down the sound and fast-forwarded the screen. "We don't need that," he said. "Let's see where we are...Oh, yes, here's the place." He turned to Allie. "Now remember, I was beating you, and I started to urge you to do better."
Is that what he was doing? Allie thought.
"Watch closely now," said Dr. Chill. "Let's slow it down." He typed a command and the figures on the screen began to move very slowly. Allie saw herself start to serve the ball. It crossed the net and Dr. Chill reached to return it. Then-and it showed up very clearly-the ball swerved away from him, and the Dr. Chill onscreen slipped and banged his paddle on the corner of the table.
Lew laughed, a taunting sound that made Allie worry that Dr. Chill might get angry. Then Rose and Jay and even Elizabeth began to laugh too.
"She got you, Doc," Lew said. "Way cool."
Dr. Chill didn't take his eyes off the screen. "Watch the rest of it. Look now."
He kept running the game in slow motion, and whenever Allie won a point Jay and Lew cheered. She was embarrassed, wishing they would be quiet. The screen showed that the ball turned and moved in another direction several times. Obviously it wasn't supposed to move that way. And the others knew that Allie was somehow making it move.
Well, didn't I? she asked herself. She had wanted it to, and it did, but what made her nervous was that they were all acting as if she could do it anytime she felt like it.
When the tape finished, the others applauded. Dr. Chill turned to face Allie, smiling and chuckling. "Did you see it, Allie?" he asked. "Did you see what you did?"
Allie looked away. "Well, I saw the ball and that...I mean, it moved, but I don't know exactly how it happened."
"No, but the important thing is that you did it. We'll work on control. You'll see. Pretty soon you'll be doing it when you want."
"That's Doc's big thing," said Lew.
"His project?" asked Allie.
Dr. Chill clapped his hands. "Enough for now. Time for lunch. You like hamburgers, Allie? Everybody likes hamburgers."
Chapter Six
At the old place, a hamburger was a brown flat thing on a bun. If there was something else on it, like ketchup, it was just there; you either ate it or you didn't eat. At Dr. Chill's house, set out on the table were jars and bottles and dishes of ketchup, mustard, onions, lettuce, tomatoes, relish, and pickles.
Each of the others seemed to have favorites that they reached for. Dr. Chill put some of everything on his, building a mammoth hamburger that he had to hold over his plate while he ate, because things ran out of it. Timmy kept everything in a separate place on his plate. He even took the hamburger apart, putting the two halves of the bun on one side and the meat patty on the other. When he ate, he took a bite of the bun, then dipped his fingers in the pool of ketchup on his plate and licked them off, and so on.
Allie just bit into the plain hamburger on the bun. It was thick, and pink inside, tasting like nothing she had ever eaten in the old place.
Everything that happened to her here was something new. She still wasn't sure how to handle it. Even that was a new thought, because all she had to do in the old place was keep still and not do anything. That was what they said was normal, and the more you did it, the better everybody liked it.
The doctors had promised that if she became normal, she could go back and live with her parents. But her parents were divorced now. Somehow, Allie felt it was her fault, because she hadn't been normal. She remembered her parents fighting about her before she had been sent to the first of the old places. Her father came to see her for a while. On one visit, he told her that he and her mother were divorced. Then he stopped coming too.
How long ago had that been? She couldn't tell. It had been a long time, maybe five or six years. Maybe they had forgotten about her.
Without realizing it, Allie had begun to cry. She was suddenly aware that everybody was looking at her. Even Timmy.
Elizabeth was the first to speak. "Is there something the matter, Allie?"
Allie shook her head. "No. I mean, not anything here." She looked around at the rest of them. They weren't like the kids in the old place, where people would scream insults at you to make you feel bad. "I feel good here," she said, sniffing back her tears.
"You don't look like it right now," Lew said.
Rose spoke up. "Why don't you tell us about your mother, Lew? How was she?" Allie glanced at her. Did Rose know Allie had been thinking about her parents?
Lew shrugged. "Same. She's tryin'. You know. Out there tryin'. She appreciates the money I make here. Neighborhood's the same. Not like the neighborhood here." He looked at Allie. "I bet you never lived in a neighborhood like mine."
"Maybe she was in worse," said Jay.
"Yeah? Then she was in a b-a-a-a-d place," Lew said.
"Maybe she ought to tell us about it," Jay said. He grinned. "Then we could tell her something."
"That it?" Lew said, looking at Allie. "You come from a bad place?"
Allie blinked. No, it wasn't a bad place. She was crying because her parents didn't...want her. That was it. She looked at Lew and asked, "What does your mother think about you?"
Lew's reaction was a kind of crooked smile that threw his face off balance. It was like Allie had said something that hurt him. "I didn't mean--" she began, but Lew waved his hand to cut her off.
"Course you didn't," he said. But that's what was on your mind, wasn't it? Your momma? Maybe your daddy too? Is that it?"
Allie nodded. Then he heard the voice she had heard earlier, at breakfast, inside her head. BAD MOMMY AND DADDY! BAD! 
Allie looked in Timmy's direction. He was sending her a message again.
"No," she told him. "They're not bad."
BAD, she heard again, and then Timmy just laid his head down on his plate and closed his eyes.
Elizabeth gently reached over and lifted Timmy's head. She wiped him off with a napkin, moved the plate, and lowered his head back onto the table.
"He sent you, didn't he?" Lew said to Allie.
She nodded.
"He must like you," Lew said. "Usually he sends out in all directions. I didn't hear him that time, though."
"It's a very, very good sign," Dr. Chill said. "If Timmy can learn to direct his thoughts, then maybe he can eventually choose which thoughts he receives."
"You broke your rule," Jay said.
"Touché," Dr. Chill said. "I see that there are still a number of hamburgers left. If none of you would like some, I would appreciate your passing me the plate. There is still more than an hour before the afternoon session. Your time is your own."
Rose and Jay and Lew left the table. Elizabeth carried Timmy off, and that left Dr. Chill and Allie alone. Allie shyly took another hamburger and began to eat. Dr. Chill hardly noticed, because he was assembling another extravagant burger. "I hope you enjoy the food," he said.
"It's the best I've ever had," Allie admitted.
"Good food helps one to work well," Dr. Chill said, and Allie was certain he meant that. "I hope you'll come to be comfortable with us, Allie, and think of this as your home. Really your home."
She thought about this. There seemed to be something unspoken in what Dr. Chill had said. But it was true that Allie had wanted to live in a real home for as long as she could remember.
But this wasn't her home. She remembered something. "Lew said he had been visiting his mother."
"That's right," said Dr. Chill, wiping his mouth.
"Would it ever...I mean, could I go and visit my parents sometime?"
Dr. Chill hesitated before answering. "How long has it been since you've seen your parents, Allie?"
Allie bit her lip. "I don't know. I mean, time didn't mean so much in the old place. But it was...a long time."
Dr. Chill nodded. "Actually, Allie, your parents are aware that you're here. You're fortunate in that way. We have never been able to trace Jay's parents, or Rose's. But in your case the family situation has changed."
"I know they got divorced," Allie said.
"Yes. And your mother has remarried and is no longer in the New York area. Your father is still here, but he is content to let us supervise you."
"Does that mean he doesn't want to see me?" Allie said.
"He can if he wishes," Dr. Chill said. "Timmy's parents come here on a fairly regular basis. In fact, they have both contributed generously to our work. But...well, you'll see what Timmy's reaction to them is."
"That's what he sent me before," Allie blurted out. "He said, Mommy and Daddy bad."
Dr. Chill nodded. "That's what Timmy feels. He regards us as a better family than his biological family. Perhaps you will, in time, come to feel that way as well."
Allie shook her head.
Dr. Chill smiled. "Well, you have some free time now, Allie. I'll see you at two for the afternoon session. Unless you want another hamburger."
Allie declined, which seemed to brighten Dr. Chill's spirits. He was reaching for the platter as she left the table.
She went upstairs to her room and took the green box out of the drawer again. She turned it over in her hand, trying to remember something about her own parents. It was easy for Lew. He could just go home and see his mother whenever he wanted.
Allie closed her eyes. There was a dress her mother had worn... And suddenly Allie remembered. It was the same green color as this box. Her mother had red hair like Allie. But her face...Allie couldn't remember it. She had always thought of her mother as beautiful, but her face had gotten mixed up with the faces of famous women in magazines.
All Allie could remember was the dress. And that was because...because the dress was lying on the floor in her mother's room. Why was it there.
Why? Allie knew the answer was important. It was such a pretty dress. It shouldn't be on the floor. But no matter how hard she tried, she couldn't remember why it was there.
Chapter Seven
At the afternoon session, Dr. Chill assigned Lew to work with Allie on developing her special. "How is he going to help?" Allie asked. She noticed that Rose took this news badly, storming off to one of the computer monitors.
"Just work with him," said Dr. Chill. "He'll be very good for you."
Allie reluctantly turned to Lew. She was conscious of Rose glancing at them over her shoulder. She tried to think of something she could say that would make Lew not want to work with her.
"What's your special?" she asked him, remembering that Rose said he didn't have one.
He grinned. "Doc wants me here. He pays me. So I come. Good food here. Actually, Doc found me in a juvenile home. Didn't anybody tell you? I'm a ba-a-a-d dude."
She looked at him. "I don't believe you," she said. He wasn't anything like the kids in the old place. You couldn't lock him up. He wouldn't sit around talking about breaking out. He really would break out.
"Whatever you like," he said with a shrug. "We're supposed to work on your special. Want to play some more Ping-Pong?" He had already picked up one of the paddles and a ball at the table, but Allie kept trying to resist him. 
"No," she said, folding her arms.
He grinned. "Afraid I'll beat you?"
"I don't care," Allie said. "Probably you can beat me."
He just stood there, still smiling. His teeth were bright and sharp and straight, as if he could bite through steel. Allie felt something tingle inside of her. She was surprised, because no boy had ever made her feel that way before. Immediately, she tried to fight down the feeling, afraid that Rose would be able to tell.
Allie moved around the table to put it between her and Lew. "I don't want to play games with you," she said.
"No?" he said. "Doc won't like that. How you gonna earn your keep here."
She shrugged, but what he said worried her a little. Everything Dr. Chill had said...he hadn't told her that she had to do anything. Sort of.
Lew picked up a box that held extra Ping-Pong balls. He dumped two more into his hand, making three in all. Then he set them in the middle of the table.
"Look there," said Lew. "Now you can do your thing without playing games with me. Just think about 'em, or whatever you do. Make 'em move."
She looked at the balls. "Make them move?"
"Yeah, just roll 'em around a little, so I can see how you do it."
She reached out her hand, but he stopped her. "Without touching," he said.
Allie shook her head. "I can't," she said
"Sure you can," he replied. "We all watched the tape. You made it move before."
"That was different," she said, and then stared. The balls were moving. Ever so slightly, they had started to roll toward her.
"That's not me," she said. "I'm not doing that." But then she looked closely at him, and saw the trick. He was blowing them across the table. She laughed. She couldn't help herself.
"Now this ain't funny," Lew said. "See, of those balls-just one of them-fall off your side of the table, Doc's gonna send you back to where you came from. Right away. You won't like that, willya? Watch out now."
That wasn't true! Allie thought, but it made her nervous. She looked around the room, but everybody was doing something else. Even Rose had gone back to writing down things in front of her computer screen.
Lew pursed his lips and began to blow again, and the balls rolled a little farther. They had separated now and were going in different directions.
A feeling of panic came over her. This isn't fair! She had no idea how to do the kind of thing he wanted her to. She tried to concentrate on moving the balls, but nothing happened. One of them was rolling very close to the edge of the table.
So she blew on it. It moved slightly back from the edge. She leaned over and blew some more. The ball began to roll back toward Lew. 
Then he stooped down and blew even harder. The ball rolled crazily all over the table, and at last Lew laughed, giving Allie her chance. She blew it clear off the edge on his side. She clapped her hands.
Lew caught the ball before it hit the floor. He tried to give Allie a stern look, but couldn't keep a straight face. "You're really dumb, you know that?" he said, but his smile took the sting out of the words. "You're just useless, aren't you?"
Allie was relieved. "I can't do it whenever I want," she told him.
Lew bounced the Ping-Pong ball on the table. "Yeah," he said. "But you got to learn, see?"
"Why?"
"Because that's what's comin' down here, girl. Don't you know that by now? You're here because you got a special. Otherwise you'd be back in whatever place you came from. That's the only reason.
"But I can't--"
He cut her off. "Yeah, I see. You can't turn it on and off like a faucet. But you gotta learn how. You gotta work at it."
"Why?" she asked. "Why do I have to learn? Everybody before always told me to stop!"
He shook his head, as if he had never seen such stupidity. "What kind of place you been in before? You ain't been on the streets, I can see that. You'da never survived out there."
"No," she said. "It was like a...hospital. For people who had psychological problems." She was ashamed to say that, for what it would make him think about her, but she wanted him to know.
"Nut house," he said, nodding. "You don't act crazy. Just dumb."
"No. Dr. Chill said I'm not sick."
"Course not. Anybody can see that. But somebody put you there, right?"
She nodded. He seemed to sure of everything he said.
"They put you there," he said, drawing out his words and flashing his eyes at her as if this were important, "even though you weren't crazy. Right? Now let me tell you that's the way the world happens to operate. If you're a kid, people can do pretty much what they like to you. And if you're poor, they can keep on messin' with you even after you grow up. You thought about your daddy at lunch. Know where my daddy is? He's in jail. You know what he did to be in there?"
She shook her head. Lew's eyes were really flashing now, and he leaned toward her. "He stole a pair of shoes so my sister could go to a dance. What you think of that?"
Allie didn't know what to say, except that she didn't want to say anything to make him angrier. "It wasn't right," she managed to get out.
He slammed his hand down on the table. "Dumb!" he said. Allie looked around to see if anybody heard, but no one was paying attention.
Lew walked around the table, and Allie cringed. She didn't think she could bear to have him touch her, but she felt rooted to the floor, pinned there by his eyes. He came right up next to her, and she tensed, but he didn't quite touch her.
He said, "It all has to do with power. Money, that's one kind of power. You rich?"
She shook her head.
"Course not," he said. "So then you got to take care of yourself some other way. You ever thing about that?"
"No," she admitted. "In the old place--"
"They took care of you," he finished. "but they never let you get out either. That right?"
She nodded.
"Here," he said. "Doc lets you go out. You like that better?"
"I think so," she said, and when Lew looked a little surprised, she said, "Yes."
"Right, girl," he said. "But someday you gonna grow up. Understand that?"
"I guess."
"Then what? You gotta have some power. Understand that? So you gotta find something to do. Know what that is?"
"No," Allie said shakily.
"It's your special," he said. "That's all you got. So you gotta work on it, see? Develop it. That's all that's keepin' you out of some other nut house. Take Jay now. You know about him?"
"Not much," she admitted.
"Jay had to use his special. To stay alive. He worked the games, see. Bet people they couldn't beat him. The video games? You know what I'm talkin' about?"
"Sort of."
Lew waved his hand. "Don't matter. Come on over here."
She followed him to one of the computer monitors. He motioned for her to sit down. He took a couple of wires that were plugged into the back of the computer. At this end of the wires were two rubber discs. He reached for her hand, and she drew it back. "This don't hurt," he murmured, and she let him put one of the discs on her palm and the other on the side of her forehead. Then he typed a command into the computer and sat down in a chair next to her.
The screen flickered and then cleared. It was all one color, a kind of light orange. Lew said, "How you feeling?"
Allie wasn't sure. She moved her hand and head. The discs stayed stuck to them. "It doesn't hurt," she said. "I don't feel anything."
"I don't mean that," he said. "I mean how do you feel?"
"I don't know," she muttered. "Nervous, I guess." She wanted him to go away, but then she didn't.
"OK, now," he said. "Think of something you like."
She looked at him. "What do you mean?"
"You know. Change the way you feel. Don't watch me. Watch the screen. You just think of something you like. Somebody. Anything."
She looked back at the screen. It seemed a darker orange now. Somebody she liked. Something. She remembered the little green box, but then worried that they might use this machine to read her mind. The screen turned darker orange.
"No, no," Lew said. "You're goin' the wrong way. Something you like."
Allie tried to think of something else she liked, but the image of the green box kept reappearing in her mind. It seemed like half the people here could read her mind anyway, so she finally relaxed and allowed herself to think of the box. She remembered turning it over in her hand, the way it looked...
And the screen changed color while she watched. The orange faded to yellow and then blended into green. Green, but not the same as the color of the little box. Allie got the idea now. It was like a game. She could change the screen by what she was thinking. Abruptly, the screen turned blue.
Next to her, Lew murmured, "Good. Something good. Now hold it."
"No," she said. "Let me keep trying." She didn't want it to be blue. She wanted it to be the exact color of the box. She concentrated on that little box hidden upstairs in the drawer in her room. The screen began to flow as if it were water, and all at once she had it.
"There!" she cried out, and held onto it as tightly as she could.
"That your color?" Lew said. "That's what you're tryin' for?"
"Yes." Allie nodded.
Then Lew put his hand on her arm. She tried to draw away, but he held on, and the screen changed abruptly to a deep orange.
"You don't like to be touched?" Lew asked. "That right?"
"No, it's just..."
"Yeah, I can tell you don't. Look at the screen. Now I'm gonna hold on and see if you can change it back to your color anyway."
Allie struggled to ignore his hand on her arm. It was hard. She was afraid of it, because his energy seemed to be flowing into her, and she didn't want it there.
The screen flickered but stayed orange. "Try harder," he said.
Allie took a deep breath. Even breathing was difficult because all she could think about was his hand. She closed her eyes and tried to imagine herself getting gout of the chair and walking upstairs to her room. Then she would make herself small, so small that nobody would notice her or want her to use her special. She imagined herself crawling into the little green box...
...And as she did, the screen turned green too, just that particular shade of beautiful mint green.
"Hold it," Lew said. He began to squeeze her arm harder, and Allie's concentration was broken. The screen took on a reddish hue.
"I said hold it!" Lew repeated, increasing the pressure on her arm.
"You're hurting me," Allie told him. The screen kept getting redder.
"Take the screen back to green," Lew said. "Take it back to green, and you won't even notice my hand."
Allie tried to pull away, but he was much stronger than he was. She couldn't even more her arm now. She began to panic, and the screen became bright red, so red that it seemed to overflow the screen and run up the wire to her head...Right now!
"Hey-y-y-y!" Lew shouted. He flew backward, tipping over his chair and sprawling on the floor.
Allie jumped to her feet, watching Lew wriggle across the floor to keep away from her.
"What the hell!" Lew said. He sat up and began to rub his hand. "That was like the time I touched an electric fence in the subway yards."
Dr. Chill came over, and Allie turned to face him. "I didn't mean to," she said. I couldn't help it!"
He smiled. "It's perfectly all right, Allie," he said. "Lew isn't seriously hurt."
"How do you know?" Lew said. "My arm's all pins and needles."
"It'll pass," Dr. Chill said. "You notice that it happened when the screen was red, not green?"
"Yeah," Lew grumbled. "So what?" Then his eyes widened. "Oh," he said, nodding.
Dr. Chill pointed to the computer. "Notice what color it is now," he said.
They all looked. It was yellow.
"But what's it mean?" asked Allie.
"Very briefly," said Dr. Chill, "the color of the screen indicates your mood. Lew asked you to think of something that made you happy, and you chose a particular shade of green. Now ordinarily, we might expect you to be more in control of your special talents if you were calm. As you were then." He smiled. "But when you displayed your talent, the screen was red."
Lew interrupted him. "It means that when you get angry you can turn on your special."
Dr. Chill nodded.
"So I should try not to get angry," said Allie. Both Lew and Dr. Chill laughed
"Didn't you pay attention to anything I been saying?" Lew asked. "That's your power, girl. You got to use it."
"But...I don't..." Allie wasn't sure what to think. She looked at Dr. Chill.
"Perhaps," he said, "you can learn to use your special talent when you're not angry."
"I don't know if I can," she said. I don't know if I want to, she thought.
Dr. Chill smiled. "Work with Lew." He started to reach out to pat her on the shoulder, but thought better of it.
Even he's afraid of me, Allie thought.
Lew righted his chair and sat down with Allie at the computer monitor again. This time, however, he brought over a small table and put the three Ping-Pong balls on it. "Work with you? Fine, I'll do that," he said. "But we'll watch out for my arm this time." Allie couldn't quite suppress a laugh at the way he looked. She was glad he could make a joke of it.
"I'm sorry," she said. "Is your arm better?"
He nodded. "Fine now. But it'll be a long time before I squeeze you again."
"Look at the screen," she said. "You're safe."
It was blue.
"Guess I'm all right," he said. "But now let's see if you can do some damage to the Ping-Pong balls."
She tried, but nothing happened. She got the screen to go green more easily than before. Then she began to think about why the box meant so much to her. The dress. Then the screen turned orange.
"What happened?" Lew asked.
Allie shook her head. "I got thinking of something else."
"Don't let your mind wander," he said. "Concentrate."
She did try, for a long time, but nothing.
"It's so boring," she complained. The screen was yellow.
"You got to get mad again," Lew said.
"But I don't like it when I get mad," she said.
"No? What about afterward? Weren't you glad to stop me from squeezing your arm?"
She thought about it. "Yes, I guess so. But I was worried too."
He nodded. "Cause you thought you hurt me."
"Yes."
"Listen close now," he said. "You can't worry about whether you're hurtin' people. Suppose I was really trying to mess with you, not just squeeze your arm-stab you with a knife or somethin'. Understand?"
"Yes, but you weren't--"
He put up his hands. "Lemme tell you, you don't know what people are goin' to do. Everybody's out for themselves, see? They'll hurt you if they have to. And you better be ready to hurt them more. That way they leave you be." He leaned forward, and she could see that he thought this was very important.  "Now," he said, "you got a way of doin' that--your special. But you can't do it so good yet. So you work. Get better at it. Cause that's what you got. That's you."
She sighed. Was it, really?
"I got an idea now," Lew said. "You got to get mad at them Ping-Pong balls. Just look at them. They look like little heads, don't they? Just put faces on them. You got anybody you want to get back at?"
Allie hesitated. She remembered the time the orderlies jumped her. She could recall their faces, grinning and mean. She was watching the balls, but she could see the screen was starting to get red. She took a deep breath and thought about them on her again, holding her down so she couldn't breathe...and then, right now!
The balls moved.
"Hey!" Lew jumped in his seat. "That's it!"
The screen was bright red.
"No doubt about it," Lew said. "When you get mad, you can do it."
Allie was shaking a little. She was glad she'd pleased Lew, but it made her so uncomfortable to think about that time with the orderlies.
"You'll see," Lew said. "'Fore long you can do it whenever you like."
Maybe that was true, Allie thought. Maybe she could. But what would people treat her like if she could?
Chapter Eight
In the next few days, Allie continued to work with Lew on developing her special. Sometimes he made her laugh, and at other times he made her afraid of him. She was always tired after each day was over.
Worse than that, Rose had been cold to Allie the whole time. Whenever Allie tried to talk with her, she said she was busy. Allie had been upset enough that she lost the ability to move the Ping-Pong balls. The screen on the monitor was a kind of light brown, a color that depressed Allie even more.
Today Lew had decided to be angry. "You're not cutting it, you know that?" He said.
"I'm trying," Allie responded. "I'm doing whatever you're asking me."
"No, you're not. I haven't seen that red screen in days. I'm going to have to hurt you again."
"Better not," said Allie. The screen turned dark orange, close to red.
"That's the way," said Lew. But the screen faded back to yellow-brown. He shook his head and glared at Allie.
"I don't care!" she said. "What do you want? Move the balls yourself!" She stood up and brushed the balls off the table with her hand. She walked away, waiting for Lew to call her back.
But he didn't When she glanced over her shoulder, she saw him talking to Rose. That was what Rose wanted anyway. Well, good.
Allie wandered over to where Jay was playing a video game. She watched for awhile but thought it didn't look like fun. He was stealing cars on the screen, and obviously the point was to steal as many as possible. Why would you want more than one car? Allie thought. And anyway, why would Dr. Chill want him to play games? What good is that? What good is any of this. What good am I?
She moved to the corner of the room where Timmy sat behind his fence, playing with toys. He tossed a soft brown teddy bear over the fence and then looked at Allie.
She bent over to pick up the bear. Not that way, she heard in her mind. Use your special. It wasn't so loud this time. She looked around. No one else in the room gave any sign of having heard him.
Timmy sat very still, waiting for her. She liked him, Allie thought. He was even worse off than she was.
Do it, she heard again.
She thought, Timmy, I can't send things the way you send your thoughts.
Yes you can. It was a little creepy, as if the two of them were sitting inside Allie's head having a conversation.
"I don't want to," she said aloud. It broke the connection and Timmy disappeared from her mind. Allie picked up the teddy bear and dropped it inside his fence. She turned her back on him, so she didn't see when he picked it back up and threw it, but she felt it hit her on the back.
She turned around. It hadn't really hurt, but now he was looking straight at her, meeting her eyes with a kind of challenge. DO IT! she heard, loud enough now to hurt her head.
Timmy was just like Lew, she thought. He wanted her to do her special just to make him happy. It had never made her happy.
Right now!
Suddenly the bear rose up from the floor and flew through the air, fast. It bounced off Timmy's chest, hard enough to knock him onto his bottom.
Allie nearly panicked as she thought she might have hurt him. But then he laughed. At first, she thought he was laughing inside her mind, but then she realized he was making the sound out loud. 
Everyone in the room turned. None of them had ever heard Timmy's laugh. It sounded rusty and squeaky, the way a gate sounds when it hasn't been opened in years.
Dr. Chill moved faster than Allie thought he could. He was across the room and next to her in a flash. "What happened?" he asked.
Elizabeth was right behind him, and then Lew and Jay came over too, and finally, reluctantly, Rose. 
Allie explained. "He wanted to play. He was sending to me. He wouldn't stop. He wanted me to throw back the bear. Only, he wanted me to do it...with my special.
Lew whistled softly. "And you did it."
"He hit me with it," Allie said. "I got...a little angry."
Lew put his arm around her. "I knew you could do it," he said.
Allie saw the look on Rose's face and slipped out from under Lew's arm.
Just then, Timmy picked up the bear and threw it over the fence again.
"You got a friend," Lew told Allie. He looked at Timmy's bear on the floor. "He wants you to do it again."
"Well, I'm not going to," said Allie. She turned and started to walk away. Both Elizabeth and Dr. Chill moved to stop her.
"This is very important, Allie," said Elizabeth.
"Oh my, yes," Dr. Chill added. "You've got Timmy-I mean, this is simply amazing."
Lew chimed in. "Go on, girl," he said. "Timmy only wants to play."
Allie looked around at all of them. "I don't--I mean, I can't just keep getting angry at him."
"We-e-e-l-l, we hope that won't be necessary," said Dr. Chill. "But it will be exciting seeing the two of you progress together. What an exciting development. I never expected--" He stopped and frowned. "Oh, but Elizabeth, isn't today...aren't Timmy's parents supposed to visit this afternoon?"
"That's right," Elizabeth said, sounding worried.
"Oh, man," Lew said. "What a pain!"
"What's wrong with that?" Allie said.
"Old Tim goes completely autistic whenever they come," Lew said. He put his arm around Allie again. "But with you here..."
He didn't finish, but Allie guessed what he meant. She started to panic again. She wondered what Timmy's parents would think if they saw her use her special.

At lunch, which was pizza, Dr. Chill was highly excited and kept breaking his own rule about not talking about the project. Allie excused herself after only one slice of pizza and went upstairs to lie down.
She thought she understood now why people went catatonic. It was because they couldn't handle everything that was going on. So they just blanked out. They quit playing the games that people like Lew and Dr. Chill made them play.
And then somebody knocked on the door. Now or never, Allie thought. Go catatonic or go on with the games.
After a second, curiosity got the better of her. "Who is it?" she called.
"It's Rose, Allie. Can I come in?"
"All right." Allie would rather see her than any of the others.
Rose slipped inside, closing the door softly as if she were afraid of being overheard. When she turned, Allie saw that she had been crying. Her makeup was smeared as if she had rubbed the tears away with her hands.
"I want to talk," Rose said.
Allie moved over to make room on the bed, and Rose sat down next to her. Rose looked so miserable that Allie felt an urge to hug her, but she was still afraid of that kind of thing.
They sat there for a moment in silence. Allie felt more and more uncomfortable. Finally Rose said, "I know it isn't your fault."
"My fault?" Allie was stunned.
"I guess you must like him as much as I do. Everybody likes Lew."
Allie shook her head. She didn't want to hear this. She closed her eyes and wished Rose would disappear.
"Is that what you'd like, Allie?" Rose said bitterly. "That I'd just disappear?"
Allie put her hand on Rose's arm. It took an effort, but she did it. "Oh, Rose, please. I can't help what just comes into my heard. I don't really want you to--"
Rose interrupted her, "I know, and you can't help being nice to Lew, either. You can't help being better looking than I am. But you promised!"
Allie patted Rose's arm, wishing she should hug her too, but she couldn't make herself. "You're wrong," she said. "I don't care about Lew. I wish he'd leave me alone."
Rose turned away. "You don't have to be so good when he works with you."
"But Rose, I tried. I mean, I walked away from him this morning."
"Yeah, and then you did your special with Timmy so Lew would come running over and make a big deal out of it."
Allie was dazed. "Well, Rose," she said, "why don't you use your special? You can do...Listen, the other day, the first thing Lew said, he asked you about some game or team. The Yankees. Aren't they a team?"
Rose smiled, in spite of the way she felt. "Oh, Allie, you really don't know anything, do you?"
Allie was annoyed, but the fact that Rose smiled was encouraging. "You know where I've been, Rose. How could I know? But Lew was interested. Why don't you tell him what he wants to know."
Rose stuck out her lower lip, just like a pouty little girl. Because...Oh, what the hell, Allie. I might as well tell you."
"Maybe you'll feel better," Allie said. She remembered that was what the doctors in the old place always said. Did it ever make her feel better? She didn't think so, but the phrase seemed to encourage Rose.
"See, Allie, the Yankees are a baseball team. They play games and people bet on them. You know what that means? Bet?"
"I guess. They want them to win. Is that right?"
"Right. Anyway, if you knew in advance which team would win, the Yankees or whoever they're playing, you could win money. A lot of money."
"Oh," Allie thought she understood now. "And your special...you can always tell, can't you?"
Rose's face darkened again. "That's what everybody thinks. Even Dr. Chill. He's not interested in betting or things like that. As far as I know. But that's what people are always trying to get me to do. My father was the first one, after he found out what I could do."
"Lew said that," Allie remembered. "Maybe you should talk about it." She almost hit herself. That was another thing the doctors always said.
Instead, Rose started to cry, and then she did put her arms around Allie and hugged her. Allie let her do it. "It was awful," Rose said. "I was only about five or six when he started taking me around to places where people gambled. See, he had found out when he was playing cards with me that I could tell what card was going to come up in the deck. And so he got the idea that I could make money for him. I would sit on his lap and tap him on the arm when he should stay in the game. I had to learn all these rules for games like poker and blackjack."
Rose looked at Allie. Her tears were making more lines in her makeup. "That was a bad thing to do to a kid, don't you think, Allie?" Rose hugged her closer. "How could he do that?" she asked.
Allie squeezed Rose as hard as she dared. "I don't know, Rose."
"I hated it," Rose went on. "I really did. But we did start to win money, and that made him excited. Only it started to get harder for me to do. I think because I hated it so much. And then one time, we lost, and he beat me. I mean, bad. He thought I had done it on purpose. Only I didn't, see? It was only because he thought I did that...but I didn't, that time. You believe me?"
"Yes, Rose," Allie said. "I believe you." She could see it was important to Rose.
"Then see," Rose went on, "there was this other man. Reynolds. He was in a lot of these games, and he figured out I wasn't there just because my father had to babysit. He figured out what I was doing, and started acting nice to me. He bought me candy and stuff. And one night, he and my father got into this poker game that went on so long that everybody else dropped out. The two of them were the only ones left. God, I was so tired. I hardly understood what was going on. Anyway, they came to this big hand of cards, and my father didn't have any more money to bet." She stopped and looked at Allie. "Don't hate me, will you, Allie?"
Allie didn't understand why she would hate Rose, but she said, "Oh no, I won't. It must have been awful for you."
"Yeah. Well, Reynolds said my father could bet me. I didn't quite understand what he meant at first, although my father did. He made a fuss about it, but then if he couldn't match the bet, he would have lost the whole pot. So he nudged me, which was our signal. I was supposed to nudge him back if he was going to win." She took a deep breath. "I knew what the next card was, and I knew that if my father drew it, he was going to lose. But I figured that if he lost, I would get to go with Reynolds. And I liked Reynolds. So I nudged daddy, and he bet. He bet me!"
She pressed her face against Allie's shoulder. Allie struggled with her thoughts, but Rose read them anyway. "See," Rose said. "I knew you'd hate me. I knew it!"
"No, no, Rose," Allie said. "I'm just...I don't quite understand. You mean you made your father lose?"
"Yeah. He drew the next card...and I'll never forget the look on his face. But what could he do? Because I didn't belong to him any more. He was pretty drunk, and I would have gotten a beating that night, let me tell you. But Reynolds got me out of there fast."
Both of them were silent. Allie struggled to understand how Rose must feel. She felt no hesitation about holding Rose close to her now. She knew what Rose wanted someone to hug her and tell her that it was O.K.
"I understand, Rose," she said. "It wasn't your fault." That too was an echo of the things the doctors in the old place had told her. Only Rose had never been in the old place, so maybe she didn't know what empty words they were.
"You were O.K. then," Allie said after some more time had passed.
"No," Rose said in a very small voice. "Reynolds just wanted me to do the same thing my father had. Only he took me to different places, like race tracks. I could pick horses, too, and later that's what I did for Lew."
"You did?" Allie was truly surprised. "When?"
"Let me get to that. I ran away from Reynolds, finally. I guess that was a year or two later when I knew how to get around on my own. We were in this motel, and when he fell asleep, I had this idea that I was going to go back to my mother. Only I didn't know where she was. I don't even know if she's still alive, you know that?" Rose began to cry harder, but she went on with her story.
"Some other people found me, and I just played dumb. I didn't want anybody to know what I could do by then, and finally I wound up in this orphanage. That was where Dr. Chill found me."
"But how did he, I mean--" Allie started to say.
"How did he find out my special?" Rose aside. "He's sharp. Watch out for him. He gave everybody in the place these tests, and I showed up somehow on them. Dr. Chill can tell. I saw the way he got you to demonstrate your special. Remember the Ping-Pong game?"
Allie remembered. "Yes, but you said Dr. Chill doesn't make you bet or anything.”
"Not for real. He has all these guessing games with cards, and on the computer, and sometimes with people sitting in other rooms from where I am. A lot of stuff. It's all supposed to help me develop my special. He tries to make you feel good about it, you know?"
"Yes," Allie said. "But..." She wanted to encourage Rose, but didn't know how. It wasn't like Rose's special was hurting people, the way Allie's was. "Maybe you could help people," Allie suggested.
"Yeah," said Rose. "That's what Lew always tells me."
"You said you picked horses for him? So that he could ride them?"
Rose shook her head. "No, so he could bet on the horse races. Don’t you understand anything? When I first came here, Lew took me out one day and we went to this place where you can make bets. Neither of us was old enough to be allowed in, but Lew is so smooth, and he always knows how to get what he wants."
 "You mean, he made you bet?"
"No, not me. He made a bet after I told him what horse was going to win a certain race. And he won, too. So he wanted me--"
"To pick some more," Allie said.
"Yeah, right. I guess that's obvious, even to you."
Allie ignored the little insult. "But Rose, why don't you? I mean, what harm would it do?"
"Because...because that's all anybody ever sees when they look at me! I'm just like the machine man. Some freak that can predict what the next card is, or the next roll of the dice, or the next horse to finish first. I thought things would be better with Reynolds, but he wasn't as nice as he pretended. He treated me O.K. when I could pick winners for him, but I can't always, and when I couldn't he'd threaten me, lock me up, and sometimes wouldn't give me anything to eat." Rose stood up and began to walk around the room nervously.
"I learned to hide it after that," she said. "I figured I had to keep people from knowing about my special. I didn't call it a special then, but I knew it was freaky. If people knew what I could do, then I would never be able to tell if they liked me or just liked what I could do-for them!"
Rose had wiped her hands across her face as she paced around the room, trying to brush away the tears that kept coming. Her nose was running too. So Rose had smeared her makeup so much that her face was a mess of streaks and blotches and black lines.
"Rose," Allie said, "can I tell you something?"
"What?"
"You're not letting people see you as you really are even now."
"What do you mean?"
"All that junk you put on your face. Look at yourself in the mirror. That's not you. That's a lot of goo. You think it's making you pretty, but it isn't. Lew isn't going to like you if you look like that. You'd be better off if you just wipe it all off and be what you really are."
Rose turned and looked in the mirror. Immediately, she put her hands over her eyes. "That's not the way it's supposed to look!" she shouted. "It's only because I've been crying, and now you're making fun of me! Damn it, Allie, you're supposed to be my sis--, my friend!"
Allie got up from the bed, but Rose jumped away. "You really do want to have Lew!" she shouted.
"No, Rose--" Allie began.
But Rose had already rushed to the door and opened it. "You aren't any different! You aren't my real friend!" she yelled before slamming the door.
Allie hesitated. She wanted to go after Rose, but she didn't know what she could say to calm her. In the old place, whenever somebody acted like Rose, screaming and all, some nurse or orderly came to take her away. Allie never had to deal with them, except to stay out of their way when they began having a fit.
But Allie wanted to be friends with Rose. She had never had a friend, not a real one. What were you supposed to do? She didn't know. There were so many things that she didn't know.
Chapter Nine
During the afternoon session in the rec room, Allie saw that Rose had changed. She had wiped off nearly all of her makeup. She did look better, Allie thought. Then Rose walked up to Lew and asked him to come over and work with her.
Lew said, "I got to work with whoever Doc wants me to, Rose."
"But I really feel good about predicting right now," Rose said. "I want you to help me."
"Yeah?" Lew was clearly interested. But neither Dr. Chill nor Elizabeth had come downstairs yet. Lew told Allie, "I'm supposed to work with you some more, but until Doc gets here, you mind if I check out Rose?"
"Sure. Go ahead," sad Allie. Even so, Rose shot her a hostile look. Rose still believed Allie wasn't going to let go of Lew.
Before they could get started, however, the door opened and Elizabeth appeared. She was carrying Timmy as if he were a rather large doll. She set him down in his part of the room, then turned a motioned to Allie. "I wonder if you'd minding helping with Timmy this afternoon," Elizabeth said.
"I'll try," said Allie.
"Thank you," Elizabeth said. "In a little while, Dr. Chill is going to bring Timmy's parents downstairs to watch the session."
"Is that why he's..." Allie nodded toward Timmy, "...like this?"
Elizabeth nodded. "It happens every time they come."
"Why?" Allie asked.
"We don't know," Elizabeth said. "His parents show real concern and affection for him. He's their only child."
"But sometimes he can act like...well, almost normal," Allie pointed out. "He's just pretending, isn't he?"
Elizabeth shook her head. "That's the reaction many people have toward autistic children. But if what he's doing now is acting, it's an act we can't break through. From the way he reacted to you, I thought you might help to coax him out of this, even a little. His parents would feel better if they saw him just sit up, look around, play with his toys. It would be wonderful for them."
"I'll try," said Allie.
"Do you think you could remember what you did this morning?" Elizabeth asked.
Allie gave a little laugh. "I can't throw things at him in front of his parents," she said.
Elizabeth shook her head. "You could, Allie. Not to hurt him, but the way you did it...anything that would break down his refusal to communicate would help."
Just then, Dr. Chill appeared with two people, and Elizabeth went over to greet them. They were well dressed, nice-looking, Allie thought. Timmy's father was wearing a blue suit, and he had a sprinkling of gray in his hair. Something about him made Allie feel that he was used to ordering people around. Timmy's mother wore a tweed skirt suit and carried a brown purse that matched her shoes. Allie thought that Rose could learn a lot from Timmy's mother about how to put on makeup.
They walked over to Timmy's fenced-in area. Timmy was sitting with his arms around his legs, rocking back and forth. "Hello, Timmy," his mother said. "Hi Tim," his father repeated in a hearty voice.
They might as well have been talking to somebody a thousand miles away. Timmy showed no recognition of their presence, or of anything else either. His eyes were open, but they were staring at something that nobody but him could see.
"This is Allie," Dr. Chill said to Timmy's parents. "She's been very good for Timmy." The couple turned and nodded to her. Allie looked at them to see some sign of why Timmy hated them. She couldn't see any but kids in the old place had told her that parents could do the most terrible things to their children when other people weren't around. Still, it was hard to imagine what Timmy's parents might have done to make Timmy this way.
Allie concentrated and directed her thoughts toward Timmy. What's the matter, Timmy? I know you can hear me. Why don't you just look at them?
No answer. The silence inside her head was so complete that Allie felt Timmy must be tuning her out too.
Something was happening across the room, and Allie turned to look. Rose was sitting at a monitor with Lew standing behind her. Lew was dancing back and forth and nodding his head, muttering, "Yes! Yes!" Well, that was good, Allie thought. Rose was getting what she wanted-Lew's attention.
In fact, when Dr. Chill and Elizabeth noticed what was going on, they excused themselves and hurried over there too.
Timmy's parents sat down on a couple of folding chairs outside Timmy's fence. They looked at Allie. Timmy's mother smiled encouragingly.
Allie felt foolish. These people expected her to do something. Something she didn't know how to do. She leaned across the fence and picked up the teddy bear Timmy had thrown at her that morning. She dropped it in front of him. Just pick it up, she thought. Throw it at me again. You can do it.
Nothing happened. Allie hesitated. She put her hand lightly on Timmy's shoulder. I'm touching you, she thought. Can you feel me?
No reaction.
Timmy's mother said, "Dr. Chill says he's not always like this, Allie. Have you seen him play with his toys?"
It seemed like an innocent question, but Allie sensed that Timmy's mother was trying to check up on Dr. Chill. Allie looked at the woman. She was smart, Allie felt, somebody who knew how to ask clever question and find out things.
"Oh, yes," said Allie. She wished Dr. Chill or Elizabeth would come back and get her out of this. "He plays with the toys a lot. He laughed this morning."
"Laughed?" It was Timmy's father who spoke now. He leaned forward and his eyes searched Allie's face. He had very strong eyes, Allie felt. Almost like Lew's but nastier.
"Well, yes," she said, feeling uncomfortable. "I mean, he really did."
Timmy's father didn't take his eyes off her. "That seems hard to believe. Did you see him laugh, hear him yourself? Were you here or did someone tell you about it?"
The way he asked questions, it made Allie feel as if she were lying. "Yes," she said, nodding. "Really. I saw him."
Timmy's father looked skeptical. "Just what was it that made him laugh?"
Allie wanted to look away, but she couldn't. She thought frantically, Come on, Timmy. Do something. Help me. But he just kept rocking back and forth as if nobody was there.
"I did something he thought was funny," she said.
"And what was that?" Timmy's father asked.
"Jack." It was Timmy's mother. "She's just a girl." Her husband shot a glance at her, which was a relief to Allie, because it broke off eye contact.
But now it was Timmy's mother who was looking at her. "Allie," she said quietly, "do you think you could repeat whatever it was that you did to make Timmy laugh?"
Allie wanted to do something that would make them stop bugging her, but she knew she couldn't do anything if Timmy didn't cooperate. "Well, see, it's hard," she explained. "He had that little stuffed bear, and he threw it at me when I wasn't looking."
Timmy's father snorted. "When you weren't looking," he said sarcastically.
"But he really did," Allie said, "and, see, I made it fly through the air and go right back to him."
Timmy's parents exchanged glances. "Help us understand you, Allie," Timmy's mother said. "You picked up the bear..."
"No, no," Allie said, looking back and forth at the two adults, seeing that they didn't believe her. She began to get panicky. "It was like this, see." And when she said it, all of a sudden the little stuffed bear rose into the air. Timmy's parents turned their heads when they noticed the movement.
The bear was sitting a few feet in the air, just above Timmy's fence. "And see," Allie went on, talking rapidly without realizing what she was doing, "I just knocked him with it--"
And the bear swooped down and bumped Timmy on the head, hard enough to tumble him backwards.
I didn't mean to do it that hard, Allie thought. She looked at Timmy's parents. Their mouths open, they were staring at their son sprawled backwards on the floor.
"I'm sorry," Allie said quickly. "Really, it was an accident."
All of a sudden Timmy started to laugh. Lying on his back, he began to point at his parents, and out of his mouth kept coming this loud noise, a scream really, but Allie could tell it was his way of laughing.
And then Timmy's parents jumped up and began yelling. Allie couldn't tell if they were angry or happy. They looked at Timmy. They looked at her. They looked a lot different than they had a minute ago. They didn't seem nearly as frightening.
"What the hell!" was about all that Timmy's father was saying. Timmy's mother was calling out, "Timmy!" over and over and reaching over the fence to pick him up. Timmy rolled around to keep away from her, but at least he was moving.
Dr. Chill, across the room, took a half-stap toward them, thought better of it, and turned back to look at whatever Rose was doing. Timmy's father ran over and grabbed him by the arm. "Listen!" he yelled. "What the hell's going on here?"
"Wait, wait, wait," Dr. Chill said. "Something very exciting is happening."
"Exciting?" shouted Timmy's father. "I want to tell you--"
"Excuse me," Dr. Chill said. "I've got to make a phone call." He rushed off toward the stairs.
Allie moved to a chair against the wall and watched all this, very glad that nobody was paying any attention to her. Timmy's father was now talking to Elizabeth. Timmy's mother was still trying to pick him up, and Timmy was still keeping away from her.
Funny, Allie suddenly heard in her mind. Funny funny funny funny funny. Do it again.
Oh, no, Timmy, Allie thought.
Again. Do it again.
Timmy, your mother wants to hold you. Let her, Allie thought. Let her pick you up.
Make her look funny again.
Allie tried to think. Dr. Chill said they wanted her to use her special, didn't he? And he didn't pay any attention when Timmy's father yelled about what she had done. She took a deep breath and then sent: Throw the bear outside the fence, Timmy. And I'll send it back.
There wasn't any reply, and she thought Timmy had retreated into himself again. But after a few seconds, he crawled quickly toward the bear, picked it up, and threw it.
Allie didn't even let it hit the floor this time. She had got the hang of it; it was just like Ping-Pong. In midair, the bear reversed direction and came swerving back to Timmy. His laugh was so loud that it brought his father running back to this side of the room.
"What happened?" he said to his wife, who was looking dazed. She pointed toward Timmy. "Jack," she said. "He's laughing. Timmy's laughing."
Timmy moved to pick up the bear again. He moved fast, like a spider, but this time when he threw the bear toward Allie, his father reached out and caught it.
Timmy's father stood there holding the bear, not quite sure what to do. He looked around as if he felt foolish to be standing there in his suit with this little teddy bear. Then he leaned toward Timmy. "Want to play, Tim?" he said in his gruff voice. Allie could tell he was trying to be nice. Only he didn't know how. He half-tossed the bear over the fence. "Catch," he said.
Timmy let the bear fall to the floor without looking at it. But the look he gave his father was one of sheer rage. Allie put her hands to her ears, even though she knew that wasn't going to shield her from any thoughts Timmy was about to send out.
But he didn't send. He rocked back and forth on his heels, his face getting redder and redder. Allie wondered if she could run upstairs fast enough to escape what was going to happen.
Finally he screamed. It was so loud that everybody in the room jumped and turned around. But it was a real scream, not something he sent with his mind, and Allie was relieved. Screams weren't unfamiliar to her. She could deal with them.
Then, however, Timmy toppled over on his back and lay stiff, his back arched in the air.
"Oh, my God!" his mother screamed. "He's having convulsions!"
His father started to yell too, and half-dragged Elizabeth across the room. "Do something! Do something!" he shouted.
Elizabeth was calm, as usual. Allie wondered if there were anything that would make her get excited. She glanced at Timmy. His mother had stepped over the fence and was trying to pick him up. Even though he wasn't heavy, it was hard to lift him because he was in such an awkward position.
"Don't move him," Elizabeth ordered in a voice that made Timmy's mother look up. "But he's having a convulsion," she cried.
"He's reacting," Elizabeth said, as if that explained everything. She turned to Timmy's father. "What did you do?" she asked.
"What did I do?" he yelled. "What did I do?" He stamped around, with his face getting red. Allie saw the resemblance between him and the way his son had looked just a moment before. She began to giggle. She couldn't help herself, and that drew Timmy's father's attention.
"Did you see what she did?" he yelled, pointing at her.
Allie cringed, wishing she could drop through the floor. Just then she was aware that somebody was standing next to her.
It was Jay. "Wow, what'd you do?" he whispered.
Elizabeth was talking to Timmy's father, and for the moment that distracted him from Allie.
"I just...played with Timmy," she told Jay.
"Guy's going crazy," Jay said, glancing at Timmy's father. "You missed everything that Rose has been doing. Listen, let Elizabeth handle Timmy's parents. She's good at that kind of thing. Come over here." She followed him across the room, gladly.
"Rose is really on," Jay said. Allie looked over Lew's shoulder to see Rose at the monitor. She would write something on a sheet of paper, and then a number would appear on the screen. "Great, great," Lew said softly. This happened a few more times, and Allie whispered to Jay, "What's she doing?"
"She's predicting the numbers that are going to come up," Jay said. "She's up to five-digit numbers. She never got that high before."
"I don't understand," Allie said. "I thought you were the one who was supposed to be good with games and computers."
"This is different," said Jay. "I can beat the games because I can tell when the machine is going to change directions, and where it's going to do. That's all programmed into a chip. It's like...I can read the machine's mind."
"Isn't that what she's doing?"
"No. See, the numbers that are showing up are totally stochastic." He saw Allie didn't understand, and added. "Random. They're random numbers. Even the machine doesn't know what number is going to appear until it shows on the screen. Well, maybe a nanosecond before, but that's too fast for anybody to do what she's doing. She's writing down the number that's going to appear even before the machine knows. You get it?"
"Sort of," said Allie. "Is that why everybody's excited? Why did Dr. Chill leave?"
"I guess there's somebody he wants to see this," said Jay.
And just then, Dr. Chill reappeared at the bottom of the stairway. Right behind him was a man in a brown suit. Allie recognized him. He was the man that Rose had pointed out to her the day they went down the street.
"Who are these people?" the man in the brown suit said loudly, pointing to Timmy's parents. He took a step toward them without waiting for an answer. "What are you doing here?" he asked.
"I'm visiting my son!" Timmy's father shouted. "And who the hell are you?"
The brown-suited man took a leather card case from his suit and flipped it open in front of Timmy's father. "Defense Intelligence," he said. "Everything here is ultra top secret. I'm ordering you to identify yourself."
"I'm an attorney," Timmy's father barked back. Allie could hear he was trying to be as strong as the man in the brown suit. "J. William Fuller. I'm a partner in Knight, Perkins, Straus, and Fuller."
"You're not cleared," the brown-suited man said. "I'm ordering you to leave."
"You're not ordering me anywhere. This is my son," Timmy's father said.
The two of them started shouting at each other, with Dr. Chill and Elizabeth working to calm them down. Allie was more interested in this than what Rose was doing. She glanced at Timmy. He was still as stiff as a piece of carved wood. Worrying about him, she edged over to his area without attracting anybody's attention.
Stop it, Timmy, she thought. But he was as oblivious to her as he was to everybody else.
Finally Elizabeth was able to persuade Timmy's parents to go upstairs with her. "I have a lot of questions about this," Timmy's father said as they left, shaking his finger at Dr. Chill.
Allie felt a little sorry for them. Timmy's mother looked back over her shoulder at Timmy when they left the room. She looked sad, despite her fancy clothes and beautiful hairdo, the carefully applied makeup. She just wanted Timmy to be a regular kid.
For some reason, that made Allie angry. She sent a thought in Timmy's direction. That was mean, Timmy. You were very, very bad.
From somewhere so far away that Allie could barely hear it, she heard Timmy's response: Bad mommy and daddy.
They're not, she sent back to him, but only heard a very faint reply: Bad.
"All right, now," the brown-suited man said, taking charge. "Do these other kids have to be here?"
"Yes," Dr. Chill said firmly. "There is probably a synergistic effect."
Rose swiveled her chair around. Allie was shocked at the way her face looked. She was dead white and sweating, as if she were sick. "I want Lew here," she said in a tired voice. It was clear to Allie that whatever Rose had been doing, it took a lot out of her.
Allie took a step toward Rose, wanting to comfort her. "No," Rose said, turning away from Allie. Then she added, "I don't want her here. Send her away."
Dr. Chill hesitated. He looked nervously at Allie. "I'm not sure..." he said, half to himself. Then he said, "Allie...could you take the rest of the day off? But don't go out. We may need you."
"I don't need her," Rose said from the computer.
Dr. Chill smiled weakly and waved Allie toward the stairs. Silently, she left the room, sorry that Rose didn't want her there. It made her feel like her new family had sent her away, just like the old one.
But at the top of the stairs she met Elizabeth, who had just closed the front door on Timmy's parents. She asked Allie, "What on earth happened down there?"
"I...I..." Allie felt tears in her eyes. She put her arms up and let Elizabeth hug her. It felt good.
"It's all right, Allie," Elizabeth said. "I know, I know. All of this is very difficult for you, isn't it?"
After a moment, Elizabeth added, "You know, though, you might have done something important. Want to talk about it?"
Allie nodded, glad that somebody wanted to talk to her. They went into the front room together.
Chapter Ten
When Allie explained to Elizabeth what had happened downstairs with Timmy, Elizabeth began to laugh. "I'm sorry, Allie," she said. "I guess you didn't think it was funny at the time."
Allie was relieved that Elizabeth wasn't angry. "I was really afraid," she said. "I thought...I mean you should have seen their faces."
"I wish I could have," said Elizabeth, smiling. "I talked with them afterward, though. I have a good idea what they thought."
"Were they still upset?"
"I think frightened would be the word."
Allie hung her head. "I scared them," she said. Like I do everybody, she thought.
"Now, Allie," Elizabeth said, putting her hand out. "Don't worry about it. It's something you're going to have to learn to live with. We hadn't expected you were going to come along as quickly as you have."
Allie thought about this. "I don't understand why you're not upset. Won't Timmy's parents try to take him away or something?"
Elizabeth took a deep breath. "I tried to explain to them that what they witnessed is something that is helping Timmy. He has never made a sound in their presence since he's been here. Today he did."
"He hates them," said Allie. "Why is that?"
"No one can really know, unless Timmy decides to explain it," said Elizabeth. "And he's a long way from doing that. His parents don't really understand that he can tell what everybody around him is thinking. And that he can't shut it out except, maybe, by withdrawing completely."
"Why don't you tell them?" asked Allie.
Elizabeth paused. "It wouldn't be helpful to them. If they can be frightened by what you did, imagine what they would feel like if they knew what Timmy can do. He doesn't send to them, doesn't communicate with them in any way. But suppose he did. It would be...hard for them to endure."
Allie nodded. "I see what you mean. But aren't you and Dr. Chill trying to help us develop our specials? How would that help Timmy?"
Elizabeth smiled. "You understand very quickly, don't you, Allie? You would make a good doctor. Let me try to answer your question." She thought for a minute.
Finally she leaned forward. "Timmy is like a radio that receives all the stations at once. He can't turn any of them off without shutting down completely. What's we would like for him to do would be to tune in one station whenever he wants, without listening to all the others."
"I get it," said Allie. "Could he ever really do that, do you think?"
"Well, he seems to have done it with you. That's why Dr. Chill was so happy when Timmy sent to you alone." She paused. "Timmy's parents have sent him here to be cured. There are cases of autistic children being helped to become 'normal.' When I was first in practice as a doctor, I worked with autistic children. The methods we used were often harsh, but some of the patients did improve. The question is, what is 'normal'? If Dr. Chill is correct, 'normal' means that they shut off the radio permanently. They can't hear anyone's thoughts."
"Wouldn't that be good for Timmy?" Allie asked. "I wish I didn't have the...special I have."
Elizabeth looked at Allie with a strange expression on her face. It reminded Allie of the way her mother used to look at her. Or was that only her imagination? Could she really remember the way her mother looked?
"I know what you mean," said Elizabeth quietly. "Maybe Timmy would be happier if he could shut his radio off." Then Elizabeth shook her head and her voice became louder. "But maybe he would be happier still, or more useful, if we could teach him to control his radio, his special talent. And someday he could go on."
Allie was silent for a moment. There were so many questions she wanted to ask, and she trusted Elizabeth more than she had anyone for a long time. Taking a deep breath, she asked, "Do you have a special too? It seems to me that sometimes..."
Allie paused, because Elizabeth had looked away, out the window. At last, very quietly, she responded, "That was how Dr. Chill and I became acquainted." She looked back at Allie. "As you can see, I'm not an attractive person. But Bert was interested in me. Because I knew what people were thinking." She smiled wryly. "I think that was the main reason he married me."
Allie was surprised. Elizabeth looked perfectly fine to her-not like the models in magazines, but then Allie had never seen anybody in real life who looked like them.
Suddenly the door to the room opened and Jay poked his head inside. "Oh, you're in here," he said.
"What is it?" asked Elizabeth.
"Dr. Chill wants Allie to come back," Jay said. "Rose can't do what she was doing before, and he thinks she needs Allie."
"Well," Elizabeth said to Allie, "you're having quite an effect on us today. Are you willing to help one more time?"
Allie nodded, but she was uneasy on the way downstairs. She knew Rose wasn't going to be pleased to see her.
And she wasn't. When they entered the room, she was sitting at the computer with her arms folded. "I don't need her," Rose was telling Dr. Chill. "It's just something that happens. You know I can't do it all the time."
"Oh, I know, Rose," replied Dr. Chill with a big smile, "and you've done really wonderful work already today. Marvelous work. It's just that we want to see if Allie was having any effect on it."
"It isn't her," Rose said firmly.
"Well, let's just try it a few times," Dr. Chill said.
Rose turned away from the monitor. Her eyes met Allie's for a second, but then looked away. She turned to Lew, who was standing behind her. "What do you think?" she asked him.
Lew bent over and said a few words in Rose's ear that Allie couldn't hear.
"All right," Rose mumbled and turned back to the monitor.
Lew winked at Allie and motioned her closer. Allie stood where she could watch what Rose was doing. The brown-suited man was standing off to one side, and he looked suspiciously at Allie. She felt embarrassed to be checked over by him. He reminded her of an orderly in the old place who was always searching the patients to see if they had stolen anything they could use to kill themselves.
Allie turned her attention to Rose, who had already written down a number on the pad in front of her: 46221. The monitor screen flickered and the number 46221 appeared.
"I'm going to do three numbers," Rose said.
"Maybe--" Elizabeth started to say, but Dr. Chill touched her arm and shook his head.
Rose rapidly wrote three numbers down: 57769, 30406, 11976.
As they watched, the three numbers blinked into view on the screen. Allie heard Lew whistle softly.
"Five numbers," Rose said, her voice shaking. 
No one moved as they watched Rose write down five different five-digit numbers. There wasn't a sound in the room. Then, one by one, the five numbers popped onto the screen, exactly as Rose had written them.
Then the brown-suited man said, "All right. What's going on? Is this legit?" He grabbed Dr. Chill's arm. "A minute ago she couldn't do that. Is there any way she could have known the numbers in advance? Who's this other girl? Is she signaling the subject in some way?"
Rose swiveled her chair and tried to stand. But she was so weak that her knees buckled. Lew caught her and eased her back onto the chair.
"It has nothing to do with her," Rose said. She was trying to shout, but her voice came out all squeaky. Lew patted her on the shoulder. "It's O.K., Rose," he said. "You did great."
Jay spoke quietly into Allie's ear. "That's phenomenal. To predict five numbers. She's never been able to do that before."
"I want to go out," said Rose, struggling to her feet. Lew took her by the arm.
"Wait a minute," the brown-suited man said, stepping in front of them. "That girl's not going anywhere." Lew started to go around him, and the man reached out for Rose, but Dr. Chill caught his arm.
"It's all right," Dr. Chill said. "She's tired now. Let me show you the records of what she's done this afternoon."
The brown-suited man looked uncertainly at Lew and Rose, who were heading for the stairs. "You've got them under control?" he asked.
Allie saw Dr. Chill whisper something that she couldn't hear. She was torn between staying here to find out what the brown-suited man would say and going after Rose to try and make up with her.
She chose Rose. She caught her with Lew at the top of the stairs. They were arguing, but stopped when Allie got there. Rose turned to face her.
She was still pale and trembling, but her voice was stronger now. "I just want you to know," she told Allie, "that it wasn't you."
"I understand, Rose," Allie said. "You did it. It was something only you could have done."
"I don't mean that," Rose said. "You don't understand. When they sent you out of the room, I couldn't do the things I'd been doing before. So they thought that it was because you'd gone away. But it was really because the brown-suited man was there. I...I couldn't predict when he was there."
"Yeah," Lew said, "but he was still there when Allie came back, and you did even better then." Allie shook her head at Lew, trying to make him stop, but he ignored her and went on: "So maybe Allie did have something to do with it. Just like Doc said."
It was the wrong thing to say. Rose jerked her arm away from Lew's. "Is that what you think?" she yelled at him, her voice shrill. "After I'd been killing myself all afternoon, with you telling me how great I was? Go on, go on, you said. You think it was because of her that I could predict five numbers at once?"
"All I meant--" Lew began, but Rose wasn't waiting around to hear him. She had started toward the front hall. Allie took a step after her, but Lew put out his arm and shook his head. "Let her go," he said. "You ain't the one to go after her, the way she feels now."
"Well, then why don't you stop her?" Allie asked.
"That ain't what she wants," Lew said. "She'll go down to the corner, buy herself some lipstick a few magazines. You'll see. She'll calm down."
The front door slammed. Probably Lew was right, Allie thought. He knew Rose better than she did.
Chapter Eleven
But by dinnertime Rose had not returned. Dr. Chill drummed his fingers on the dining room table. "This is too bad," he said. "We're having Rose's favorite meal-fried chicken and mashed potatoes with gravy-to celebrate what she accomplished today."
"She went out," Allie said.
"Clearly." Dr. Chill replied, "But she knows what time we eat dinner."
"I mean, she was upset," Allie said. "Aren't you worried about her?"
"There are dangers in New York," Dr. Chill said calmly. "But Rose is familiar with them. Indeed, her talents give her a defense few other people have."
Jay cut in. "He means she can tell if somebody wants to hurt her, see? She doesn't have to wait until somebody grabs her. She knows. So let's eat, all right?"
"An excellent suggestion," said Dr. Chill. "Would someone pass the chicken?"
The plates went around the table. Allie took some food, but she had no appetite. She thought about what Jay had said, and remembered too that Rose had feared the man in the brown suit.
Allie excused herself early and went up to her room. She wondered if she should tell somebody what Rose had said about the man at the bus stop. The one who showed up later in the rec room. But no one else seemed to be worried about him.
After a while, there was a knock at the door. It was Elizabeth. "I wondered if you'd like to talk about Rose," she said. Allie nodded.
Elizabeth sat down in the little chair next to the bed where Allie was. "I could see that you and Rose were becoming close," said Elizabeth. "And I understand your concern about her. But there really is no need to worry."
"You think she'll just come back?"
Elizabeth hesitated. "Rose knows what's good for her. She may choose this time to go on."
"Go on?" said Allie. "You keep saying that. Go on where?"
Elizabeth smiled. "You don't need to know about that right now, Allie. You don't have to think about going on at this point. You still have a lot to learn here."
"Did she go on with the man who was in the rec room this afternoon?" Allie asked.
"If she did, she'll be all right," said Elizabeth. "You don't have to be afraid of him."
"Rose was," said Allie.
Elizabeth's eyebrows went up. "Well," she said, "if she's afraid of him, she won't go with him, will she?"
 That sounded right, Allie had to admit, but she still felt uneasy.
Elizabeth stood up. "It would be good for you to watch TV for awhile, or read one of those books I gave you. Tomorrow you can concentrate on your work again. Lew will be able to work with you full time."
Allie bit her lip as Elizabeth left. If Lew could work with her full time, that meant Rose wasn't coming back. But Elizabeth didn't seem worried. It was just something that happened. Like the old place. Would anyone there care that Elizabeth had taken Allie away? Kids had left before. Nobody ever asked where they went.
Finally, Allie did turn the television on, but she couldn't get interested in anything. She took a bath and got into bed. All the time, the only thing she could think about was Rose.
She got out of bed again and went to the dresser. She got the little green box and took it back to bed with her.
It made her think of her mother's dress again. There on the floor. Allie had opened the door and seen it. It wasn't right for the dress to be on the floor. Allie went to pick it up. She would scold mommy for leaving her clothes on the floor. But Elizabeth was standing there. She wouldn't let Allie pick it up. You've got to go on now, Elizabeth said. Don't come in here.
Then Rose spoke to her. Rose helped Allie get the box and find her mother's dress. Now she would help her pick it up.
But she couldn't. Rose was gone.
Allie slept, but something awakened her. Rose. She was calling for help. Allie shook her head to clear away the cobwebs. It was a dream, she told herself.
But somebody was still yelling, Rose needs help. Allie opened her eyes and looked around the room. The light was still on, but she couldn't see anybody, and yet she still heard the screaming.
Timmy, she thought. It was Timmy sending to her.
Stop it, she thought. But he kept repeating over and over inside her head: Rose needs help.
Allie swung her legs over the side of the bed. She saw the little green box on the floor, and picked it up. The she quickly pulled on her jeans and a shirt and went out into the hallway. Timmy's voice was still inside her head: Rose needs help.
I'm coming, she sent back, not knowing if he could hear her. She started down the hall, but then heard Not down there. Come here. She saw a picture in her head of the hallway with the door nearest the stairs open. In here.
She walked to the door and opened it. It was dark inside, and she turned on the wall switch. Timmy was sitting up in his bed, staring straight at her. Rose needs help, he kept sending. "Stop it," Allie said aloud, but he didn't stop. It was driving her crazy.
She went over and hugged him, It was the only thing she could think of, but it worked. He hugged her back and his thoughts stopped coming into her head.
A feeling of love came over her. She wanted to comfort him, tell him it was all right. She even felt very safe hugging him. She knew she wouldn't hurt Timmy.
But finally she heard him call her again, very gently: Allie.
She answered back, in some way that he was teaching her, It's all right.
Rose needs help, he sent back. Tell Jay. Tell Lew.
"All right," she said, letting go of him.
She ran into the hallway, remembering that Jay had told her to call him if she needed help with Timmy. He said his room was just across from here. She went there and knocked. No answer. She hammered more loudly on the door. Nothing.
She hesitated. Maybe Jay wasn't there. But where else could he be? Finally she took a deep breath and opened the door. She expected the room to be dark, but there was a computer monitor glowing with numbers and strange symbols flickering on and off.
The screen made enough light so that she could see Jay was in bed, asleep. Then Timmy sent her, Take his ear things off. Allie realized that whatever she could see, so could Timmy. He was seeing the room through her. She didn't like that, but she went over to the bed anyway, and saw that Jay had earbuds on. She pulled them off. He blinked and looked up at her. "What's happening?" he asked.
"Get up," she said. "It's Timmy. He thinks Rose is in trouble."
Jay cleared his throat and rubbed his eyes. "O.K. Give me a minute. Go back to him. I'll catch up to you."
She did what he said. “Jay's coming, Timmy,” she told him. Lew too, he sent back.
"Oh, no," said Allie, shaking her head. She wasn't going to look for him too.
Lew come, Timmy sent. Allie just put her arms around him again.
But in a few minutes, both Lew and Jay appeared in the doorway. "He wake you up?" Lew asked Allie. "I didn't hear him this time. He seems to like sending to you. Lucky for the rest of us."
"I never hear him anyway," Jay said.
"Yeah, that's why you always get to hold him when he gets excited. Looks like you're out of a job."
Help Rose! sent Timmy, and this time Lew put his hands over his ears.
"That doesn't keep him out," said Allie.
"I know, I know," sighed Lew. "What's the trouble?" 
"He says Rose is...in danger. She needs help."
"What kind of danger?" Lew said, with a glance at Timmy.
Timmy took a deep breath, and Allie squeezed him gently. "Not so loud, Timmy," she said. "Please."
Man took her, he sent. Bad man who was here.
Allie looked at Lew. He shook his head. "I didn't get that," he said.
"He says the man who was here this afternoon took Rose away."
Lew looked at Jay again. They both shook their heads.
"What's the matter?" Allie asked. "Why doesn't anyone care if Rose is gone?" She looked at Lew. "She's really...like in love with you, you know that?"
"I know, yeah," Lew said. "Look, there's something you got to understand about this place. People stay for a while, and they go on."
"That's what everybody says."
"Well, see..." Lew looked at Jay. "You been here longer than I have. How many other kids been here and gone on?"
"Oh...three," Jay said. "Besides Rose."
Lew spread his hands. "That's the way it goes."
Rose wants Allie. Rose wants Lew. Rose is afraid!
Lew heard it, turning his head aside as if ducking a punch. But there was no way to duck Timmy. Allie hugged him tighter and sent him a message: What can we do?
Get car, was the reply.
She stood up, carrying Timmy with her. He only had underwear on. "We'll have to get you dressed, I guess," she said. She saw his clothes lying across a chair.
"What're you doin'? asked Lew, as Allie started to get Timmy into his shirt.
"He says we need a car. I can pay somebody to drive one of those yellow cabs, can't I? I've still got some of the money Dr. Chill gave me."
Jay started to laugh.
"Look," said Lew, "you can't just run out of here in the middle of the night."
"Why not?" Allie said. She was hunting under the bed for Timmy's shoes now. She stood up and brushed her hair back from her eyes. "Rose did," she said. "Timmy and I decided we'll go on too."
She got the shoes on Timmy and decided she could tie them later. She started toward the door, leading Timmy by the hand.
Lew caught her by the arm. She looked down at his hand. "Let go of me," she said in a voice that surprised even her.
He dropped her arm as if it were on fire. "Hey, don't get angry," he said. "Don't do me like you did before. But you and Timmy can't just go running around New York by yourselves. You don't know what you're doing."
"I know that I care about Rose," Allie said. "And you're not going to stop me from helping her."
Lew gave her a hard stare. He made Allie feel a little afraid, but she knew that was what he was trying to do. The way he had dropped her arm let her know that he was a little afraid of her too. For the first time, she realized the truth of what he had told her: her special gave her some kind of power. "I'm going," she said. "If you want to come along, you can."
Lew whistled loudly. "Hear that, machine man?" he said.
Jay laughed. "Tough, isn't she?" he said.
"Yeah," Lew went on, "she knows all about the streets, don't she? Just like you and me."
Another chuckle from Jay.
"All right," said Allie. She took a deep breath and turned toward the door.
"O.K., hold it," Lew said, his voice strong enough to stop her. But she didn't turn around. He sighed. "I got to make a phone call," he said. "I'll get us a car. Want to come along, machine man?"
"I got nothing better to do," Jay replied. "I sorta always wondered what happened to the kids who went on."
"You're outa your gourd too," Lew said. "All right. Wait downstairs." He looked at Allie. "Tell Timmy he's not allowed to go to sleep on us."
In a few minutes, Lew met the others at the foot of the stairway. "I called a friend of mine with a gypsy cab," he said. "Nobody driving a regular cab would pick us up at this time of night."
They went outside and stood by the front steps. Allie began to get nervous. Maybe this wasn't the greatest idea. Did Timmy really know what he was doing?
Find Rose, came the reply.
Just then a rattly old brown car came along and stopped. "This is him," Lew said. "Get in."
"This isn't a cab," Allie said. "It isn't even yellow."
"It's a cab for people like us," Lew said, nudging her forward. "Yellow cabs are for rich people. Not for four kids who don't even know where they're goin'"
"My man Lew," the driver said when they got in. "What's comin' down. Who's that white chick you got? And that little kid? What kind of scam you got goin' now?"
"Bill, man, you would not believe," Lew said. "You truly would not."
"Well, where we goin'?" the driver asked, pulling away from the curb.
 "The white chick is goin' to tell us," Lew said.
Timmy, Allie sent, which way should we go?
Up, he sent back. She didn't understand, thinking that he must want the cab to rise up in the air. No, she heard. Timmy jerked his arm out, pointing to the right.
Lew nodded when he saw that. "Uptown, Bill," he told the driver.
Allie saw Bill look them over in his rearview mirror as they turned right at the next big street. "We're looking for a friend of ours," she said. There wasn't any glass divider in this car like there had been in the yellow cab, so she could lean over the seat and see out the front window.
"That right?" said Bill. "Be a real help if you knew where he was." He chuckled to himself.
Block after block went by as Allie watched. The city was prettier at night, but spooky too. The buildings towered over them with only a few lights burning inside. Then they passed through an area where a lot of movie theaters and bars and stores were still open. People were standing around, dressed in colorful, wild outfits like the ones people wore in the magazines. "Who are they?" she asked.
Nobody answered for a second. Then Jay spoke up. "The worst people in the world," he said. "They'd eat you up in a second if you were out there."
"Just people on the make," Lew said. "Lookin' for fun."
"I hope your friend ain't around here," Bill added.
Allie sent to Timmy, Is she here?
No, he sent back, Up farther.
"West side or east side?" Bill asked as they approached what looked like a park.
Allie pressed Timmy's hand. He pointed. Other side of the big trees.
"He says go right," Allie told Bill.
"East side, then," Bill responded, swerving in that direction. They passed big hotels with doormen out in front.
"That little boy telling us where to go?" Bill asked.
"You got it," said Lew.
"He's awful quiet," Bill said, glancing back at Allie. "I don't know how you can hear him."
"You better hope he doesn't decide to tell you directly," Lew said.
"Yeah?" The driver looked in his mirror again. "I'm not goin' to get in any trouble about this, am I, Lew?"
"No way," Lew said.
The driver turned left again. "All right if we go up Park?" he asked.
Where now? Allie sent to Timmy. Up, he said, pointing.
"Park's O.K., Bill," said Lew.
The avenue they were on now was divided down the middle by a wide strip of grass. Allie could see flowers growing there.
Close now, Timmy sent her. Make him go slow.
"He says slow down," she told Bill. 
He stepped on the brake. "Want to stop here?" Cars began to come up behind them, blowing their horns and then swerving into the other lane to pass. Timmy, Allie sent. Where?
Suddenly Timmy began jerking his arm to the right. Down there!
"Turn right," Lew called out. "Down this block."
The driver turned. "Hmmmm. Very fancy block," he said. "Lots of rich people live along here. Embassies and all. Your friend rich, Lew?"
"I only got rich friends," Lew said.
"Yeah? What about me?" Bill asked.
STOP!! Timmy sent, and before Allie or Lew could say anything, the driver slammed on the brakes. Everybody in the back seat was thrown forward.
"What the h-e-e-l-l-l was that?" Bill said.
"You hear him that time?" Lew asked with a laugh.
"Whoooo," Bill said. "Was that...the little kid who did that? It was like--"
"We know," said Lew, opening the door. The others followed him onto the sidewalk. "I owe you, Bill," Lew said through the window.
"Yeah," Allie heard the driver say. She caught a glimpse of his frightened face. "Nother time, Lew, all right?" The cab's tires squealed as it took off.
After it turned the corner, there was silence on the block. Bright streetlights lit up the sidewalk as if it were daytime. But the windows in every house were dark.
"Well, we got here," Lew said. "But I was hoping to get Bill to stick around, in case we had to leave in a hurry." He turned to Timmy. "You got to control that, hear me?"
Allie held Timmy close. "He got us here, didn't he?"
"Yeah, and where are we?" Lew asked. "On the Upper East Side where some blue-and-white is goin' to spot us any minute. Anybody lookin' out those windows can see us here. Marvelous."
This house, Timmy sent, before Allie could reply. This house. Rose here. Needs help.
"He says it's this house," Allie said.
Lew glanced at it. "So? We go up and ring the bell and get somebody out of bed, and say, 'You've got our friend, little Rose. Please let her go. Thank you very much.' That right?"
"Well, she's here!" Allie insisted. "Timmy says so."
Lew rolled his eyes and looked at Jay. "Any ideas, machine man?"
"This house?" Jay said.
"Yeah, yeah, yeah," Lew nodded. "How we get in?"
Jay studied the building carefully. He took a step toward it. "Get out of the light," he said, and the rest followed him.
"There's an alley between this building and the next," he said, pointing. Got an electronic gate to allow cars in and out."
Lew nodded. "Can you work it?"
Jay didn't bother replying. He walked over to the steel-mesh gate and felt around it with his hands. He grunted once, took something out of his pocket, and tapped the metal with it.
The gate started to rise. Jay gestured for them to follow him. They went down the alley, which sloped downward into the dark.
"I didn't know you could do that." Lew told Jay.
Jay just shrugged. "You never asked me," he said.
The gate started to roll down in back of them.
"Now we're trapped," Lew said.
"If it stays up, somebody might notice," said Jay. "It'll go up when I tell it to."
Lew laughed to himself.
While the two of them were talking, Allie saw something move in the shadows ahead of them. Suddenly she could see two dark shapes running toward them, faster than a human could run. She stifled a scream and pointed.
They were dogs, sleek, black Dobermans.
Allie tensed, expecting to be attacked, and moved in front of Timmy, hoping to shield him.
But Lew stepped forward, holding out his hands, and the dogs came to a halt just before they reached him. They began to sniff and lick his hands.
"I never have problems with dogs," he said over his shoulder.
"I didn't know you could do that," Jay said.
Lew half-turned and said, "Hey, machine man you made a joke."
"Yeah? I did?" Jay made the little whinny that was his version of a laugh. "But I really didn't know you could do that."
Lew glanced at Allie. "He never asked me," he said. He patted the dogs, who nuzzled against him. "O.K. Serious business now," Lew said. "How do we get inside?"
"There's a door over here," Jay said.
"No problem for you to open it," Lew said.
"Not really," said Jay. He took the thing from his pocket again, pressed it against the door, and in a moment the heard a click. "Not much of a lock," Jay said. "I guess they thought the dogs were enough."
He slid open the door, and the four of them went inside. Lew patted the dogs and made them stay outside.
They were in a large room with a cement floor and walls. Two bare light bulbs overhead dimly lit the space. Several cars were parked in the room, and Lew looked them over. "See the plates," he told Jay.
Jay moved over to where Lew was standing. "Mm," he said. "Government plates."
"What's that mean?" asked Allie.
"It means, girl," said Lew, "that the people in this building are part of the U.S. Government."
"The man in the brown suit said he worked for the Defense Department," she said.
Lew nodded. "And that means," he said, "we are in very big trouble."
Chapter Twelve
Suddenly they heard the muffled sound of a motor humming. Lew put up his hand and looked questioningly at Jay.
"An elevator," Jay said. He pointed. "Over there behind the wall."
"All right," Lew said. "Everybody get down behind the cars." He picked up Timmy and moved fast. They all huddled on the cold cement floor. "Could be we set off an alarm," Lew whispered.
Jay shook his head. "No, I would have been able to tell."
The motor sound grew louder. "Stay down," said Lew. Allie crouched as low as she could. She could hear her pulse pounding in her ear.
The sound of the motor stopped. Allie heard elevator doors opening, then footsteps. Looking under the car, she saw a pair of legs in men's pants on the other side of the garage.
Whoever it was didn't seem to be in any hurry. He wandered from car to car, not as if he were looking for anything in particular. Allie tensed as he gradually made his way toward them. Finally he stood just on the other side of the car they were hiding behind.
But he stayed there for only a second and then moved on. He went to the door they had entered by and opened it. The dogs still stood there, and Allie could see them try to get inside.
"Whoa there," a man's voice said. "What's the matter with you? Get back outside. Something wrong?" Allie saw the man's legs move outside. The door shut behind him.
Lew stood up quickly, still carrying Timmy. "O.K., move," he whispered. "Everybody. Quick. Get the elevator." They all ran across the floor.
The elevator doors still stood open, and they rushed inside. "There's four floors above this one," Jay said, looking at a row of buttons. "Which one."
Lew looked at Allie. "What floor?"
She concentrated. Timmy, she thought, what floor?
Up, came the reply. High up.
"He says high up," she reported
Jay stabbed at the button marked 4.
The doors closed, and the elevator started up smoothly. "We don't even know--" Jay began."
"I know, I know," said Lew. He turned to face Allie. "Listen, you got us into this. Now you got to get yourself ready. You got to use that special of yours if we hit trouble, understand?"
"I can't--" she began, but then he grabbed her arm. Hard.
"Stop it!" she protested, trying to twist away.
"You feel that?" he said roughly. "You going to do me like you did before? You'll find out how in a hurry if you got to, won't you?"
"You're hurting me."
He pulled her closer. "People upstairs might hurt you a lot worse. You can't wait for them to start hurting you, understand?" He squeezed her arm harder. She cried out and gave him a look.
"That's it!" he said, letting go of her arm and jumping back. "Keep it there! Like the red monitor screen! Stay angry! But use it to zap somebody else!"
The elevator stopped, and Lew poked his head outside the doors. He looked both ways and then motioned them to follow. "Send it back to the basement," he whispered to Jay.
Jay pressed the button marked B and followed Allie out of the car. The elevator doors slid shut behind them. No way out now, thought Allie. 
The hallway was covered with a thick carpet. There was a chair and a desk at the far end, but nobody sat there. It looked like a fancy house. There were paintings and small tables with vases along the walls.
"Where?" Lew whispered to Allie.
Timmy? she sent. Is Rose here?
Timmy pointed to the left side of the wall. There were three doors there. Allie nudged him forward. Show us, she thought. He walked down the hall and put his hand on one of the doors. Jay touched the doorknob, shook his head, and took out his little piece of metal again. "Hurry up," said Lew. "The elevator's comin' back."
Jay didn't bother replying. There was a click, and the door opened. Lew pushed Allie and Timmy into the room behind Jay and shut the door.
It was pitch dark inside. There wasn't even any light from the windows-if there were any windows. And then they heard, "Is that you? There's a lamp on the table next to the bed, but I can't reach it." Rose's voice.
There followed the sound of a bump in the dark and Lew's voice saying, "Damn."
"You ran into the bed," Rose said. "The lamp's off to the left."
Some more fumbling sounds, and finally Lew turned the lamp on.
The first thing Allie saw was Rose's face. Everything else was covered by a sheet. She was lying in the kind of bed they kept violent kids in.
Allie went over and pulled the sheet off Rose. She was still wearing the clothes she had on this afternoon, but heavy canvas restraints held her down. Her legs and arms were strapped to posts at the corners of the bed.
When Allie started to unfasten the buckles on the restraints, Rose warned her, "Keep quiet. There's a woman in the next room who's supposed to be watching me, but I think she fell asleep."
Lew started to help with the buckles. "How'd you know it was us?" he whispered.
"I started sending messages to Timmy. I didn't know if he could receive them, but there wasn't anything else to do. I knew you were here ever since you got into the garage, though. Timmy sent me."
"He controlled it?" Lew said. "Doc's gonna be wild when he hears about this."
"He's not!" said Rose, her voice rising. Lew put his finger to his lips to remind her, and Rose fidgeted impatiently while they finished freeing her. Then she sat up in bed, rubbing her wrists and said more quietly but still angry, "That guy in the brown suit was the person who grabbed me when I went outside. Dr. Chill knows all about it."
"Hold it," said Lew. "Let's argue later. We just want to get out of here, O.K.?"
"Yeah," said Rose. Allie helped her get out of bed. Her legs were wobbly.
"How many guards are there?" asked Lew. 
 "There's usually one all the time at the table in the hall. How'd you get past him?"
"He must have been the guy who went downstairs," said Lew. "We slipped him. Any others?"
"I saw at least three different ones, besides the woman in the next room," said Rose.
Suddenly the door opened, and they all turned to see the man in the brown suit. Except now he was wearing a blue robe, and behind him were two men in uniforms. With guns in their hands.
"Well, I must say, I am impressed," the brown-suited man said. "Dr. Chill's reports weren't as exaggerated as I had thought."
Bad men, Allie heard Timmy send. She nodded.
"So what you gonna do?" said Lew. "Shoot us?"
"Oh, there's no need for that," said the man. "If you're troublesome, we can always restrain you in the same way we did your friend Rose. I'd much rather have a friendly chat with all of you."
Lew looked at Allie, nodding slightly toward the men at the door. Just in case she had any doubt about his meaning, Timmy sent her, Throw them through the air.
She bit her tongue. There were too many of them. She tried to make herself angry, but she was too afraid. She looked back at Lew. "Let's hear what he has to say," she said.
Lew shook his head. "You're not makin' it, Allie," he said.
The guards motioned them out of the room. They went down the hall to the elevator. "These are clever children," the brown-suited man told the guards. "We'll take them down to the office one at a time. I'll take the little one first." He reached out for Timmy, who pulled away and ran over to hug Allie.
Allie picked him up. "He's afraid," she told the man. "I'll go with him."
The man looked at her, sizing her up the way he had that afternoon. He shrugged. "All right." He turned back to the guards, and said, "Bring the black one alone, and then the other two."
"Yeah," said Lew. "I'm the dangerous one."
Allie carried Timmy onto the elevator and the man followed. He pressed the button marked 2. Bad man, Timmy sent. Don't let him tie us up.
We have to, Timmy, she sent back. They have guns.
Make their guns fly, he sent her.
The elevator doors opened, and the man led them into a large, wood-paneled room where several leather chairs stood in front of a desk. He motioned her to one of these. She let Timmy sit on her lap. He looked at her angrily. Throw him through the air, Timmy sent. She shook her head.
The man sat down behind the desk. Allie tried to clear her mind. She was thinking of too many things at once. She couldn't be afraid. She wished Lew would come and make her angry again. That was the only time she felt her thoughts were all together.
The man behind the desk seemed so much in control. Whenever she looked up, his eyes were on her--very bright, pale blue eyes. He was even stronger than the doctors in the old place. You had to do what the doctors said, or they would punish you. You had to. Kids talked about escaping, but everybody knew that was just talk. You had to obey.
This time, she had to fight.
Wait for the others, she sent Timmy.
In a few minutes, they were all sitting and facing the man behind the desk. The two guards stood in back of them, guns in hand.
"I hadn't expected to deal with all of you tonight," the man said.
"Well, we're really sorry," Lew said. "If you like, we'll just go out now and back to Dr. Chill's house."
The man glared at him. "Your name is Lewis Williams, I believe."
"Yeah," said Lew. "And what's your name?"
The man smiled thinly. "You may call me Mr. O'Malley."
"Well," Lew responded, "you can call me Mr. Williams."
The man's eyes blazed. He raised his right hand and flicked out a finger. "You," he said to Lew, "are disposable."
He turned his eyes on the others. "As are all of you. I am entertaining this little session only because she-" He pointed to Rose, "-apparently brought you here, and I want to know how."
Lew pointed to Allie. "Ask her. She brought us. She knows how," he said.
"Lew!" Allie said. She saw from his eyes what he was doing. He wanted to make her angry.
"Better have your guards strap her down," added Rose. She too knew what happened when the guards in the old place had done that. 
Allie looked at Mr. O'Malley, into his pale blue eyes. She tried to be angry at him, but nothing happened.
"Is this true?" Mr. O'Malley asked Allie. "You brought them here?"
She hesitated. She didn't want to tell him about Timmy. "In a way," she said. "But why did you bring Rose here? Why did you strap her to the bed?"
"You're dumb," Rose said to Allie.
"Just useless," agreed Lew.
Mr. O'Malley just sat back in his chair. His hand reached out to a paperweight he had on his desk. It was made of some yellow metal and was shaped like a bullet, but much longer. He began to roll it around.
"Do you know what Rose's ability is?" Mr. O'Malley said, looking at Allie. "You were there this afternoon. She can predict the future, at least the very near future. Do you have any comprehension about what her value could possibly have to your government?"
Allie was confused by the question. She didn't have any idea what Rose could do for the government. She tried to remember Dr. Chill's lecture on government the other night. "The government isn't supposed to...hurt us, is it?" she asked.
"Your government protects you," said Mr. O'Malley. "And it needs the services that Rose, or any of you, can provide. There are things that are larger than any of you." He slammed the paperweight down on the desk with a bang. It rolled to the edge, but stopped.
"But you hurt Rose," said Allie. "You took her away and tied her up in bed."
"Tell him, tell him," murmured Lew.
Mr. O'Malley shot him a look, but replied, "I can take any of you whenever and wherever I wish. You are insignificant, except that some of you have certain skills, abilities that can be useful. I want you to understand that. You can be of service-"
He stopped, because Timmy had slipped off Allie's lap and walked over to the side of the desk. "Sit down," Mr. O'Malley barked, but Timmy ignored him. He picked up the paperweight from the edge of the desk.
"Timmy, no!" Allie said, but it was too late. Timmy flung the paperweight at Mr. O'Malley, and it struck him in the face.
With a roar, Mr. O'Malley came out of his chair. Blood was spurting from his cheek. He made a grab for Timmy, who wriggled away from him. Lew stuck his leg out and tripped Mr. O'Malley, who went sprawling on the floor.
Lew stood up, and one of the guards from the back, called "Hold it!" Timmy ran back to Allie as Mr. O'Malley scrambled to his feet, his face flaming with rage. Keep him away, Timmy sent to Allie. She looked up and saw Mr. O'Malley's face as he reached for Timmy...
Right now!
...and then his expression changed to shock as he rose into the air and went flying backward across the room. His legs kicked helplessly, struggling to reach the floor. He crashed into the wall and fell in a heap like Timmy's teddy bear. So that's how easy it is, Allie thought.
The guards were yelling, "Don't anybody move!" and crouched with their guns held in a two-hand grip. Feeling as if she were only half-awake, Allie turned calmly, her eyes on their guns...
...and the guards' arms jerked into the air. The guns went off, shooting toward the ceiling. Then the guards began to rise into the air too. One of them desperately reached for the floor, and dropped his gun when he did so. The other guard kept rising higher in the air, and tried to aim his gun at Lew. Allie concentrated on him, and he suddenly screamed and dropped his gun, as if it had turned red-hot.
Then she let the two of them fall. The guard who had been higher up landed hard and his leg twisted sharply to one side. He reached for it, crying out in pain.
"Let's go!" Lew shouted. Jay was first through the door and Rose was right behind her. Allie was still staring at the two guards. Lew pulled Timmy with him and shouted, "Come on!"
The other guard had gotten to his feet and even though he looked shaky, moved to block the door. He was bigger than any of them, and even Lew hesitated for a second. Again, Allie heard Timmy send her. She nodded and stared at the guard...
...who began to rise up in the air again, like a balloon filled with gas. Oh, Allie thought, I really can do it whenever I want. The guard's head bumped against the ceiling.
She left him there, flailing his legs and waving his arms and screaming. Everybody looked up at him for a few seconds. Then Lew took Allie by the arm. She gave him a sharp look and he immediately pulled his hand back.
"We gotta go!" he said urgently. She nodded, but couldn't take her eyes off the guard on the ceiling. She was hardly using any of her real power to keep him there, she realized. She hardly had to concentrate at all.
Then the other guard started crawling across the floor. His gun still lay there. Lew pointed his finger at the man. "Don't try it," Lew warned. The guard swallowed hard and raised his arms.
Lew glanced at Timmy. "Tell her to drop him," he growled. 
Almost as soon as he said it, the man on the ceiling suddenly plummeted to the floor with a scream. He lay still.
Allie walked through the door, and before Lew followed he turned back and said, "Nobody leaves, unless you want some more." He slammed the door shut behind him, and looked at Allie. "Wild," he said.
Jay was holding the elevator door open, and the others ran toward him. Allie had to force herself onward. She felt dazed and wanted to lie down.
"Where?" Jay asked.
"Basement," said Lew. "There were keys in the cars. Can you get the big garage door open?"
The elevator started down. "Can Michael Jackson dance?" Jay asked.
"Not any more," Lew said.
"Bad example," muttered Jay. "But I can do it."
When they got to the basement, Jay sprinted toward the big door, and Lew looked around. "That one," he said, pointing to a long, shiny black limousine. "You all get in the back," he said. "I'll drive."
Rose opened the back door, and she and Timmy and Allie climbed inside. Allie was surprised. The seats were soft tan leather, and the car even had a TV set and a small refrigerator. She didn't know people really had cars like this.
Lew got behind the wheel and started the engine. The glass window between the front and back slid down, and he turned around. "I always wanted one of these babies," he said, laughing.
He backed the limousine out the garage door, which was standing open now. Jay got in the front next to Lew. Allie could hear the dogs barking. "I didn't get the gate at the end of the alley," Jay said.
"No prob," Lew told him. "We'll crash it. This baby's built like a tank. It's armored."
He turned the car around and headed up the sloping, narrow alley. Allie heard the engine roar. She braced herself as the car roared toward the silvery gate shining in the headlines. The car went through it with a crash as easily as if it had been made of paper.
Tires squealing, the car turned left and sped down the empty street. "Oh, my," Lew said. "Oh, momma, you should see me now."
Then came a loud squeaking sound from the back seat. The others looked, "Timmy's laughing," Rose said, and then the rest of them started too.
Once they began, they couldn't stop, and as the limousine turned onto a wide avenue two blocks down, Lew nearly lost control of the car. It skidded across two lanes, cutting off a taxicab, whose driver leaned on his horn. Whipping around them, the driver shouted something out the window.
It only made them laugh harder.
Chapter Thirteen
Lew drove farther uptown, and gradually the tall buildings grew fewer and fewer. There were mostly smaller buildings along the avenue now, but they looked shabby and run-down. After a while, the kids stopped laughing, but then, in the silence, somebody giggled and that set them all off again.
Finally, they stopped and tried to breathe. Then Rose's voice broke the silence. "Hey, I wanna say something." 
Jay started to chuckle, and then Rose giggled, but she fought it down and said, "Stop it now. Really. I wanna...I mean, you guys really came after me..." She trailed off when her voice got shaky.
Allie reached over and took Rose's hand. "It's all right, Rose," she said. "We know what you're trying to say."
"Yeah," Rose replied, and in the darkness they could hear the tears in her voice. "But...I gotta say it anyway. I mean, nobody ever did anything like that for me before. Unless they wanted me to do something for them, I mean."
"What makes you think we don't want you to do something for us?" Lew asked. "Tell me, sweet Rose, are the Mets gonna beat the Cardinals tomorrow night?"
"You rat!" Rose yelped, and she reached over the front seat and batted him on the shoulder.
Lew just laughed. "All right, now," he said. "We got time for hugs and kisses later. Right now, we got trouble. And oh my, how I love this car. But we gotta dump it. Soon."
"Why?" asked Allie. "Can't you find the way back to Dr. Chill's house?"
Jay groaned. Rose said, "Don't you understand, Allie? We can't go back there."
"But why not?" Allie asked.
"Because then O'Malley would just come there and grab me again. And maybe do something to the rest of you too."
Allie nodded. She looked out the window. She was beginning to feel a little afraid of the neighborhood they were driving through now. She hadn't even seen any other cars in a while.
"But Dr. Chill wants us, doesn't he?" said Allie. "Why would he tell that man where to find us?"
"He's got to, Allie," Lew said over his shoulder. "You don't know enough, like Rose said. And you got us into this, so just keep quiet, O.K.?"
Annie was angry. "What do you mean? I saved you all."
"Take it easy," said Lew. "We know, but so does that dude O'Malley. Too bad you didn't off him completely. But he didn't hit the wall that hard."
"And they'll be looking for this car," said Jay.
"I know that, machine man," said Lew. "I just wanted to drive it as long as I could." He pulled the car to the curb and stopped. "Subway station. Everybody out."
They got out and Allie looked around. The street around them was deserted. Metal gates were pulled down over the store windows all along the street. Only a couple of green lights indicated where the stairs to the subway were.
"I left the keys in the car," Lew explained. "Somebody will boost it within fifteen minutes, you can rely on that. Wherever they take it doesn't matter, because it won't help anybody find us."
"You got money or do we jump the stiles?" Jay asked.
"We could jump, but there might be trouble if the booth clerk is awake. I got a transit card with enough rides on it for us all."
"And then where?" asked Rose.
"Somebody I know in the Bronx will let us in. It's not nice like Doc's house, but we can sit there for a few days and try to figure out where to go next."
Lew got them through the turnstile and in a few minutes a train came into the station. They stepped through the doors, which closed behind them, making Allie wonder what might have happened if she'd been left behind. She had never been on a subway car before. What she saw frightened her. Someone had written things she couldn't read all over the walls and windows. A man lay stretched out, sleeping on one of the seats, and some others wandered through the car, mumbling. Lew found a place for the kids to sit down together, and one of the men stopped in front of them and stared, his hand outstretched.
Lew glared at the man. "Take off," he said, and the man turned and walked off, going through a door at the end of the car and into the next one. Allie was impressed. Then the train roared forward, jerking everyone to one side. Was it always this fast?
The train screeched to a stop a few seconds later as it pulled into another station. The doors opened by themselves and then shut again. This went on and on for so long that Timmy put his head on Allie's shoulder and fell asleep. She was tired too, but was afraid to let herself sleep. She wondered where the driver was.
After a long time, Lew said, "Next stop is ours," and as the train pulled into the station, he picked Timmy up and headed for the door. Allie rushed to keep up, terrified that she might be left behind if the doors closed before she could get out.
She was surprised to find that during the ride they had come up from underground and were now standing on a platform high above the street. It was almost as dark as the tunnel had been. There were no bright lights here, the way there had been downtown. She had thought that they must be far outside the city by now and expected to see trees and grass. But all around them were only dark and silent buildings or empty lots that held nothing but a few piles of bricks.
"What happened?" Allie asked.
The others looked at her. "What?" Lew asked.
"I mean, what happened around here? All the buildings...they're gone."
Lew laughed. "Yeah. People burned 'em down."
"Why?" Allie asked.
"'Cause people paid 'em to. The people who owned them wanted 'em burned down."
"That isn't true," said Allie. She wasn't stupid enough to believe that.
"Sure it is," Lew said. "Everybody knows that. See, there were poor people living here. They couldn't pay high rents, so if the buildings burned down, the people who owned them could make more money collecting insurance."
"I don't understand," said Allie. "What's insurance? And anyway, if that's right, how are we going to find a place to stay?"
"You gotta lot to learn," Lew said. "Let's get walkin'. There's still some buildings that nobody bothered to burn down. I know a woman who lives in one. And this is the best place for us. 'Cause the only people who live here now are the ones who got no place else to go. And that's us."
Allie shook her head. But in a few minutes, they came to some buildings that were still standing. They were almost worse than the deserted area. All the windows and doors had metal sheets nailed over them. The same people who had painted crazy messages on the subway cars had painted them all over these buildings too. Allie wanted to ask Lew what the messages meant, but she didn't want to hear him tell her again that she had a lot to learn.
Anyway, he had stopped now in front of one of the worst-looking of the buildings. "Nobody lives here," Allie said.
"Yeah they do," said Lew. "See, if you wanna be safe up here, you can't let anybody know where you're living." He pointed to a dark little areaway under the front steps. "We gotta go in there," he said.
Allie wasn't the only one who thought that seemed like a bad idea. Rose and Jay hung back too. "Are you sure?" Rose asked.
"Yeah, yeah," Lew said. "Come on." He picked up Timmy and took a step into the dark place. Something scurried out of his way. Lew kicked at it. "Rat," he mumbled.
Timmy looked over Lew's shoulder at Allie. Safe here, he sent her. Good place.
So this was Timmy's idea of a good place. Allie shrugged and started after them, hearing Jay and Rose follow her.
It was so dark in here that Allie couldn't see. She stopped only when she heard Lew knock loudly on what must be a door.
No answer. No wonder, thought Allie. Lew pounded with his fist for so long a time that Allie wondered if it hurt. Then there came the sound of a voice behind the door.
"Get away!" the voice screamed. "I got a shotgun, hear? It's pointed right at this door, and I'll kill the first sumbitch who comes through."
"It's O.K., Auntie Mims," Lew said. "It's just Lew. I got some friends with me."
"Lew? Lew Williams?"
"Yeah, Auntie, let us in. Come on."
"Wait a minute." There was a pause, and then the sound of metal sliding. A light flickered through a small hole in the door. "Stand in the light," the voice said.
Lew moved over. The light flashed on his face and then went out. "Who you got with you?" said the voice. "I don't take no junkies in here."
"I don't run with junkies, Auntie. These are good people. They need a place to stay."
"You wouldn't lie to me?"
"No, no. You know me, Auntie. I'm straight, right?"
No answer. There was a long silence, and Allie wondered if the woman was going to let them in. Then she heard the sound of a lock being turned. Then another. Another. Another. Auntie Mims had more locks than the doors in the old place did. Finally, a scraping metal sound again, and the door opened a crack. There was a dim light inside and Allie could see the silhouette of a very small woman standing there.
"Come in quick then, if you're comin," the woman said. Lew pushed the door open farther and stepped inside with Timmy on his shoulder.
"That's a child," Allie heard the woman say. "What you doin' here with a child?"
Then the woman looked at Allie as she came through the door. Allie looked back. Auntie Mims was very small, at least six inches shorter than Allie, and even in the dim light Allie could see that her hair was white and her face deeply lined. She was wearing a plaid robe that was much too large for her.
"And a young girl?" Auntie Mims said, peering at Allie. "What you up to now, Lew Williams?"
Rose and Jay followed, and the woman threw up her hands with a cry. "Close that door!" she shouted. "That all of you? Thank God!" she said when Jay pushed the door shut.
Auntie Mims rushed over to lock the many locks on her door. When she finished, she pushed a heavy iron bar across the door. She turned and glared at Lew. It was almost funny, because she was so tiny, but there was a fierce look in her eyes that let everybody know it wasn't wise to mess with her.
"Now what's all this?" she said, gesturing toward the others. "You kidnap them children? Is that what's goin' on? They got rich folks somewhere lookin' for them and worryin'?"
Rose laughed. "We haven't got any parents," said Rose. "None that are going to worry about us, anyway." 
Auntie Mims looked at them suspiciously. "That right? Anybody want to go home?"
When Auntie Mims looked at her, Allie hung her head. It was true. Her parents didn't care where she was. If they did care, they would have come to see her.
Then she looked at Timmy. Lew had set him down when they came inside. Allie pointed at him, and said, "He's got parents."
"Hah!" said Auntie Mims. "That right, boy?" she said, peering at Timmy. "You want to go home? Tell me the truth, now. You can trust me. Don't be afraid."
Timmy looked at her. Then a broad smile appeared on his face. He spread his arms and rushed forward to hug her. The others watched in surprise.
"Well, now," Auntie Mims said. She was too frail to pick up Timmy, but she sat down in an old stuffed chair, taking him with her. "I guess you're scared, ain't you? But don't worry. What's your name? Tell me now."
Timmy didn't say anything. He lifted his head from the front of Auntie Mims's robe and looked up at her. Abruptly, she lifted her hands and raised them to her ears. "Oh, my," she said. "Timmy. That your name? Not so loud, Timmy. I hear you." She put her arms around him again and said, "You're real special, ain't you?"
Lew looked at Rose and Allie. "You hear him?" he asked. They shook their heads.
Lew smiled. "Timmy's gettin' better," he said.
Auntie Mims was talking softly to Timmy. "You hungry, eh? Well, just come on with me, then. We'll find you something to eat right now. Oh, yes." She took Timmy by the hand and glanced at the others. "You all can stay then," she said. "Who else wants to eat?"
They followed her to the next room, which was a kitchen. She put a pan on the stove and began to rummage around in one of the cupboards. Allie looked around. The place was spotlessly clean, with shining pans and pots hanging from hooks. "This is a real kitchen!" she said.
Auntie Mims cackled loudly, and Allie blushed. "I only meant," she explained, "that from the outside this building looked--"
"I know what it looks like," said Auntie Mims. "Good thing, too. People knew I had nice things in here, they'd be breaking the doors down to rip it off from me. I even got me a nice little TV. Found it downtown, right out on the street. Somebody threw it out. You imagine that? This is a rich city, in some places. Just about everything I got in here, I picked right up off the street. Ain't that somethin'? Now who's hungry?"
Auntie Mims fixed them something made of beans and rice. But she added spices and greens that made it delicious. Timmy scooped a handful off his place with his hand, and Auntie Mims rapped sharply on the table. "Here now!" she said. "We're not pigs here." She looked at Lew and asked, "Where'd this boy come from."
"That's just the way he is," Rose said.
"Yeah? You know how to use a spoon, I notice. What's your name?"
"Rose."
"Well, Rose, people who eat at my table got to learn manners." She took Timmy's spoon from the table and scooped it into his food. "See this?" she said to Timmy. "Spoon. You eat with this."
Timmy looked at her. He sent something, because she shook her head and said, "I know, but you got to act like people, see. Real easy. Just take it like this." She held the spoon in front of his mouth. He opened wide and she tucked the spoon inside. "Right!" she said as he closed his mouth. "Now you're a big boy. I'm not going to feed you. You do it."
Timmy hesitated and then picked up the spoon. He scraped up some food and uncertainly brought it to his face. Then he opened his mouth and the spoon went in.
"His parents ought to see that," said Allie.
"I'd like to see them,” Auntie Mims replied. "I'd have a few things to tell them, believe you me." She turned to Lew. "Now, Lew Williams, I want to know where you got these children and why you had to bring 'em all the way up here to hide."
"Well, the truth is, Auntie," said Lew, "that the cops are after us."
"Hah!" she said. "I'd believe that if it was just you. But what'd the rest of them do? Rob a bank? Murder some poor old lady in her apartment?"
"It's true," said Allie.
"That so?" Auntie Mims said, peering at her. "Who're you?"
"Allie."
"And you?"
"Jay."
"So what'd you all do to get the police after you?"
"I got kidnapped," said Rose. "This guy picked me right off the street. He took me to his house and tied me to a bed. Then Lew and Allie and Jay and Timmy came to rescue me. And Allie..." She took a deep breath, "I really acted bad to you, Allie. I'm sorry. If it hadn't been for you..." She reached out her hand, and Allie took it.
"It's all right, Rose," said Allie. "It turned out like you said. We're friends."
"Now, just a second here," said Auntie Mims. "That's a crazy story. If somebody grab you and take you to their house, the police come after them, not you. How come you the ones runnin' away?"
Lew smiled. "Auntie Mims, you already know that Timmy's special."
"Oh, yes, he's real special." She nodded toward him. "He's doin' all right with that spoon now too,"
"Auntie Mims, all these kids are special."
She peered around the table. "That so? How's that?"
Lew hesitated. "Think of somethin' that's a secret, Auntie. Think of, oh, the year you was born."
"The year I was born?" Auntie Mims looked sharply at him. "Why?"
"1917," Rose said suddenly.
"Hush, there, gal," Auntie Mims said. "Don't you tell nobody that."
"See what I mean, Auntie?" said Lew.
Auntie Mims cackled, opening her mouth so wide that Allie could see she had only three or four teeth, all gold. "I can see I got to be careful what I'm thinkin' with you around. That why they grabbed you off the street, Rose gal?"
"Partly," said Rose.
"Oh, my," Auntie Mims said. Suddenly she looked at Timmy. "What?" she said. "There's more? Which one?"
She turned to Allie. "You know what this child thinks you can do?"
Allie nodded. "I know," she said softly. Then she heard Timmy send, Make Auntie Mims go up in the air.
"Timmy!" Allie said. "She's our friend."
Just a little way up, he sent back.
Auntie Mims stood and pulled her robe tightly around her. "This is all more than I can stand, tonight. I was next to asleep when you came. I wish I had been."
"We're glad you let us in," Allie said.
The old woman frowned. "Aw, well, there's enough room. Come on, now, and I'll show you. I got some extra sheets. You gals come help me. Lew and Jay, you finished eatin'? Wash the dishes. Do a good job now, and stack them on the rack when you're finished.
Rose and Allie followed Auntie Mims. The apartment was really very large. The beds in the rooms were old, but the sheets she took from a wooden chest were clean and fresh-smelling. "People do sometimes come visit," Auntie Mims said. "Lew knew what he was doin', bringin' you here. He's got a way about him, that boy. You know him long?"
"I have," piped up Rose. "Allie's new." Allie realized Rose still desperately wanted Lew to be her property, and hers alone.
"Mm-hmmm," said Auntie Mims, looking closely at Rose. "What's that on your face? You been wearin' paint and such?"
Rose nodded. "A little," she said.
"You shouldn't be puttin' that trash on your face," Auntie Mims said. "You don't need it. You get in there, that's the bathroom, and wash it off, hear?"
Allie thought Rose might object, but she didn't. While she was gone, Allie tried to help put the sheets on the bed, but Auntie Mims shooed her off after a minute. "You never made a bed in your life," Auntie Mims said.
"No," Allie admitted.
"I knew you was rich. Well, watch me, then. It's easy." Auntie Mims fluttered the sheet over the bed and then darted around, tucking it neatly under the mattress. "That little Rose has her heart set on Lew, don't she?"
"Yes."
Auntie Mims shook her head. "Gal's crazy," she muttered. She glanced at Allie. "All right, now tuck in this corner here. No, not like that. Like this." She nodded as Allie made another attempt. "You'll learn," Auntie Mims said. Allie felt like it was a compliment.
Rose returned, with her face scrubbed. "You look a whole lot better," said Auntie Mims. "Now you two can sleep in here. I'll put the boys upstairs. And Timmy can stay with me. See you tomorrow."
She picked up the rest of the sheets and closed the door behind her.
"Well," said Rose. "We're going to be like sisters after all." They turned out the light and fell asleep in seconds.
Chapter Fourteen
Allie was first to wake up in the morning. Light was coming in through a small window. She could hear the sounds of pots and pans clanging in the kitchen. Auntie Mims must be fixing breakfast.
Allie got out of bed carefully, so she wouldn't awaken Rose. Rose was sleeping with her mouth open, and without makeup she looked even younger than she was. She looked like somebody that needed to be protected.
Everything that happened the night before came flooding into Allie's mind. It seemed very far away, as if someone else had done the things she had. But she knew now what she could do. She held her arms around herself, even though it wasn't cold in the room. She hoped she wouldn't have to do that ever again.
She pulled on her clothes and left the room, heading for the kitchen, where she smelled good things cooking. Auntie Mims was at the stove, stirring something in a frying pan.
"Hah!" Auntie Mims said when she noticed Allie. "Surprised me. I thought Lew would be first up. How old are you?"
"Fifteen," Allie said.
"Oh, my. That can be a tricky age. Either very good or very bad. Lemme see now, you're the one Timmy says can send people and things moving through the air. That right?"
"It's true," Allie said.
"Don't show me," warned Auntie Mims. "I don't think my heart could stand it. I seen people who could tell your fortune. I seen people who could read your mind. Rose wasn't the first. I even seen a woman once who could send thoughts into your head the way that Timmy does. He's still asleep, the little love. But I tell you, Allie, till now I never seen them all in the same room before. How'd Lew meet up with you all anyway?"
Allie wondered what to say. "There was this man, Dr. Chill, and his wife Elizabeth. They found us one by one and brought us to their house. Lew was there to...I don't know, help us. Can Lew do any of those things you said?"
"Read minds and that? Not exactly. Lew's just good at making people do the things he wants them to do.
Allie began to think about this. And then Lew himself came in. "Good morning, Auntie," he said, giving her a kiss on the cheek.
"Cut that out," Auntie Mims said. "What you want from me now? I let you and your friends stay here, didn't I?"
"Yeah, and we appreciate it, don't we, Allie?" He waved his hand to let Allie know he wanted her to agree.
"Yes. Thank you," said Allie.
"And we're goin' to do somethin' real nice for you today, Auntie," he said. "What's that you got on the stove?"
"Fried potatoes with some fatback and greens," she said. "I got some hot cereal for Timmy. Start the day with a full stomach, I say. That's how you come to live long."
"Can't wait," said Lew. He looked at Allie. "How's Rose?"
"She's still sleeping. She had a bad time."
"Yeah. She likes you now, don't she?"
"She likes you a lot better," Allie said.
Lew waved his hand. "Yeah, but she gets mad when I ask her to do things. You might get her to do somethin' easier than I could."
"Watch out, Allie gal," said Auntie Mims. "Lew's about to get you do to somethin' for him."
"Aw, no, it's you I want her to do somethin' for, Auntie," Lew said.
"He's a smooth talker, ain't he?" Auntie Mims said. "Let me tell you, Allie, I learned when I was your age to watch out for them smooth talkers. That's how I came to wind up here. I should be back on the farm where I grew up, down in Alabama. My, I guess we musta been poor, but we never went hungry. We grew everything we needed to eat. And then I met a smooth talker like Lew and he brought me up here to New York."
Auntie Mims cackled at the memory. "Well, it was a fine place to be, back then. I give him that. It was just the way he said it was goin' to be. We lived in Harlem. We had fun." She sighed and stirred the pan.
Jay walked in. "Breakfast?" he said.
"Directly," Auntie Mims said.
Jay looked at Lew. "What happens now?" he asked.
"Easy, easy," said Lew.
"Oh, Lew's got that all planned," said Auntie Mims. "Ain't you, Lew?"
"Things goin' to be all right," said Lew.
"Yeah, that's just what my old man used to say," said Auntie Mims. "He went out and got hisself killed thirty-five years ago," she muttered to herself.
"You handle Rose, now," Lew said to Allie. He winked.
"I don't understand," said Allie. "What do you want her to do?"
"You'll see, you'll see," said Lew.
Auntie Mims put plates of food on the table and went to look in on Timmy.
Allie ate some of the potatoes and fatback and greens. "This is good!" she said.
Lew nodded. "Soul food," he said. "We'll get fat on it."
Allie laughed. "Rose won't like that."
"Listen, man," Jay said, through a mouthful of fried potatoes. "I hope you got some ideas, because we can't stay here forever. I get nervous without computers. I got to work."
"What happened to your iPod, your iPhone?" asked Lew.
"I left 'em behind in the limo."
"You did? That ain't like you, to forget your dee-vices."
"I didn't forget them. I left them on purpose."
"You jazzin' me. Why'd you do somethin' like that?"
"Because that guy O'Malley would be chasing us. He could get somebody to just hone in on my chip and come right to us."
"For real? They could do that?"
"Some people can," said Jay. "I'm not the only one who knows how to use computers." He looked around nervously.
"Take it easy," said Lew. "Take somethin' apart. Make it work better. Take some locks apart."
Jay smiled. "I took my first lock apart when I was three. It was on the door to my room. My parents locked me in so I wouldn't take the whole house apart."
"Yeah?" Lew said. "I never knew you had parents. I thought somebody built you out of spare parts."
"Yeah, well my parents didn't think I was so cool, and I didn't think they were either. So I split early," Jay said. "That's how come I'm worried about what we're going to do now. This old lady isn't going to be able to feed us forever."
"Worries you're gonna have to play games for money again?" said Lew.
Jay swallowed. "That's right, man. I ate good at Dr. Chill's, and I had plenty of computers, phones, any kind of electronic stuff I wanted. Didn't seem so bad to me."
Rose came into the kitchen. "What didn't seem so bad?" she asked.
"Well," said Lew, "Jay here was sayin' we should go back to the Doc's." Allie could tell he was trying to get a rise out of Rose. And he succeeded.
"Are you nuts?" Rose asked Jay. "Did you forget what happened last night? Do you want O'Malley to grab me, and maybe the rest of you too? He's the guy Dr. Chill is getting us ready for!"
"Doc ain't getting me ready for anybody," Jay said. "He's just testing how good I am on the computers. And he gives me lots of stuff."
"Yeah?" Rose shot back. "Out of the goodness of his heart? Who do you think's been paying for all that?"
Jay shrugged. "I don't care."
"You'll care when they grab you and make you run some kind of computer for the government."
"Maybe I should," Jay said. "I gotta do something. I'm older than you. You're just a kid."
"All right, now hold it," said Lew. He turned to Rose. "You want to stay here? That what you want?"
Rose hesitated. "I don't know. Where else? Auntie's all right. She really your aunt?"
"Nah. Everybody calls her that. But she needs money. You can see that. And we're eatin' her food."
Nobody spoke for a second. "So?" said Rose.
Lew was about to answer, when Auntie Mims returned with Timmy "Well," she said, "here's the sleepyhead. You hungry, Rose? Try some of this. And Timmy, sit down and I'll have your cereal ready in a jiffy."
Rose and Timmy ate hungrily. The others had second helpings. Allie didn't remember having such a big breakfast in her life, but it was so delicious that she had to keep eating. She wondered how Dr. Chill would like Auntie Mims's cooking.
That made her think about Dr. Chill and the argument the others had been having. It was true that Mr. O'Malley had taken Rose away. But it was also true, as Jay said, that they had lived pretty well at Dr. Chill's. Allie liked Auntie Mims, but she couldn't imagine living here for a long time.
She looked at Lew, who winked at her. He had some idea in his mind. She knew he wanted her to help him make Rose do something. What could it be? Should she do it? It was hard to know what to do when everybody had always told you what to do.
Finally, Auntie Mims sat down at the kitchen table with them and had a little of the potatoes and fatback and greens.
"You still follow the numbers, Auntie Mims?" Lew asked
"What's that? Course I do," she replied. She chuckled. "Haven't won in a year or two now. Don't remember how long. I put a dime on now and then to see if I'm lucky."
"Think about what the numbers is," Lew said. He looked at Rose. "Pay attention to what she's thinking," he said.
"Why?" asked Rose. Then after a second, she spoke again. Her voice had turned low and sullen. "I see," she said. "Yeah. You want me to give her the number."
Allie wasn't quite sure what was going on. "Rose?" she said. "What exactly does Lew want you to do?"
"He wants me to tell Auntie Mims the number for tomorrow," she said. Her eyes were lowered.
"Is that right?" Auntie Mims said. "You think this girl can give me the number?"
"What does that mean?" pleaded Allie.
"It's something you bet on," said Rose. "Something she can win money on. That's the kind of thing everybody always wants to know. I hate it."
"But, Rose," Allie said. She glanced at Lew and he was nodding, urging her on. "It...it can't hurt any thing if you just give her a...number, can it?"
"Oh, hell," Rose said. "Six twenty-three, all right?"
"What's that?" said Auntie Mims.
"Six twenty-three!" Rose said angrily.
"Auntie Mims, you got money?" asked Lew.
The old woman looked at him suspiciously. "What do you want money for?"
Lew reached into his pocket. "Here's five dollars," he said. "Get down to the numbers parlor and put it on six twenty-three now. Right now, hear?"
Auntie Mims's eyes widened. "I never put that much down on a number in my life. Even when I dreamed it." She snatched the five-dollar bill from Lew's hand. "You really think that gal's got the number?" she asked.
"She's never wrong," said Lew.
Auntie Mims looked around at them. She said to Rose, "You know what the number pays?"
"Six hundred to one," Lew said before Rose could reply. "You'll collect three thousand dollars."
Auntie Mims held up the five-dollar bill and looked at it. "I always said you was crazy," she said.
"Go on, Auntie," Lew said. "When you win, we'll help you spend the money."
"You think you will," she said. "Somebody come and lock up after me." Jay followed her to the front room.
When he returned, he commented, "I never saw a house with four locks on it before."
"How long you think it'd take you to get through them?" Lew asked.
"Well, me, not long. Say a minute a lock. Less."
"How come you never started breaking into places?" Lew asked.
Jay smiled. "I don't know. See, getting through the door is no problem. It's what happens on the other side that might be hard. Didn't Auntie Mims say she had a gun?"
"Yeah, that's what she said. I didn't see no gun, did you?"
Jay shrugged. "Doesn't mean she didn't have one."
"You remember the way Allie handled them guns last night?" Lew asked.
Allie felt uncomfortable. Was Lew thinking that they could break in someplace and steal?
"Yeah," Jay said, "but Auntie Mims is going to win three thousand dollars. So we won't need money for a while."
"She won't win three thousand dollars," said Lew.
"Wait a minute," said Rose. "Who says she won't? I gave her the number, you gave her the money. How's she going to lose?"
"She won't put that money down on the number," Lew said.
"She won't?" said Rose. "Why not?"
Lew shrugged. "Because she know if she wins that kind of money, every junkie in the South Bronx will be breakin' down her door to get it. They may not be as good as Jay, but they ain't as polite and neat as he is neither. Auntie Mims knows that."
Rose was angry. "Well then, why'd you make me give her the damn number in the first place?"
Lew grinned. "Just to see if you'd do it."
"Ohhhhhh," Rose groaned. She turned to Allie. "He's just a skunk, isn't he?"
Allie spread her hands. "I don't understand either."
"Just wanted to see," Lew went on. "See if Rose was thinkin' about usin' her special. That's what Doc says happens to people like us--like you, I mean. They learned to get along. Know what I'm sayin'? After what happened to Rose, I thought she might want to start hidin' her special again."
"Because it makes people want to use her," said Allie.
"Ex-actly right," nodded Lew. "And how about you? What'd you think about what you did last night?"
"I'm not sure yet," admitted Allie. "I was scared at first. But then, when I was looking at that guard up on the ceiling..."
Lew nodded. "I saw you. You wanted to play with him a little, see how long you could keep him up there. You were really getting into it."
Allie stared at him. "How did you guess?"
There was a silence, broken by Jay. "That's his special. Handling people like us."
Lew shot a look toward Jay, not an angry look, but a strange expression that Allie couldn't identify at first. Then she realized: Lew was surprised, caught off guard.
"No, no," Lew said, smiling. "I don't have no special."
"Then why did Dr. Chill have you at his house?" Allie asked. She saw Jay smile and nod at her.
"Well, just to help out," Lew said. "That's all I do for the Doc."
The others all felt a thought in their heads. He makes us like him. They looked at Timmy. 
"I heard him," Jay said, his eyes wide. "That's the first time I ever heard him."
"Yeah?" said Lew, "Maybe that means you're gettin' human, machine man."
Jay looked at Lew. "You know what he sent?"
"He knows," said Rose. She wasn't looking crazy in love with Lew, the way she usually did. "And Timmy's right." She turned to Lew. "Your special is that you can make people do what you want. That's why Dr. Chill had you there. To make us do what he wanted. That's the reason you made me...made me like you so much."
Lew tried to smile, but it wasn't very convincing. He looked uncertain now, and for some reason this made Allie like him a little better.
"I never made you do anything you didn't want to do," said Lew. "Lots of girls like me. Nothin' so special about that."
"I remember when you first came to Dr. Chill's house," said Rose. "He and Elizabeth were kind of excited about you. I didn't notice too much at the time, because..." She trailed off.
"Because you were excited about him too," Jay finished for her. "I remember too. And ever since, you've been throwing yourself at him."
"That's not true," said Rose.
Nobody spoke for a minute. Finally Allie said, "There is something that we all...feel about you, Lew. You're different. The way we're different."
"Now, cut that out," Lew said. "What's got into you guys? I'm just regular. It's the whole bunch of you that's different. Quit tryin' to make me out to be weird, like you."
No. He's different too, sent Timmy. He's special.
"Timmy doesn't lie, man," said Jay.
"Look," said Lew. "It's like this. Doc gives me money, see? I give it to my momma. There's a lot of kids at home, and she's got to take care of them. If Doc didn't give me money, I'd just have to steal it someplace. I could do that. Happens that I like gettin' it from the Doc better. It's easier. I didn't notice you hated it there so much, machine man. And you," he said, turning to Rose, "Nobody made you run out of that place. So this O'Malley picked you up. Doc didn't give you to him, did he?"
He wants us to go back there, Timmy sent.
"Now I didn't say that!" Lew said in a loud voice. "I didn't say nothin' like that at all! You're one crazy bunch, you know that? I could just walk out of here right now. I could go back to my momma's house and get along. None of you could do that."
He walked out of the kitchen. Nobody said anything for a moment. Allie was shocked. She felt as if Lew had slapped her. He knew--he had said it at dinner at Dr. Chill's--what she felt about missing her parents. It was cruel of him to say what he had.
Jay finally looked around with a wry smile and said, "He's got us there."
"But that isn't fair," Allie said. "He shouldn't have said that. He's supposed to be our friend."
Jay nodded. "People can get pretty mean when you start to get close to what they're all about. Guess that's why I prefer machines."
"But why would he be so upset if what Timmy sent is true? So what if he has some special?"
"Don't be dumb," said Rose. "If Doc pays him to make us do what he wants, what do you think Doc would want him to do now?"
Allie thought. "Oh," she said, understanding. "I guess...take us back." She shook her head. Everything happened so fast out here. In the old place, one day was just the same as any other. Except if somebody went violent. They all just sat around waiting to see who would go violent next.
"What else could we do?" she asked. "If we didn't go back?"
Jay shook his head. "I don't know. We gotta do something. Can't just sit here forever. Being at Doc's house seemed O.K. to me, though. Lew was right about that."
"What about O'Malley?" asked Rose.
Jay frowned. "Maybe Doc really didn't know about that. Maybe we could get in touch with him somehow, and see what he says."
"How could we do that?" Allie asked.
"I guess call him up or something. He doesn't know where we are."
"He could find out," said Rose. "Phone calls can be traced. You said so."
"You got any better ideas?" said Jay.
Rose frowned. "I been on my own before," she replied.
"Yeah? You have a good time?" Jay asked. "You like trying to find a place to sleep, something to eat, keep away from crazy people? I could make it on my own again, but I didn't like what I had to do before. Really and truly, Rose, wasn't it better living at Doc's house than what you had before?"
"Yeah," Rose said. "I would have agreed with you, except for what happened to me yesterday."
"Tell you what, Rose," said Jay. "Somebody is always going to want you for what you can do. Don't think it's ever going to be different. It isn't. So you might as well get the best deal you can."
"You think being tied up on a bed is a good deal."
"Yeah, I admit, that's a little crazy," said Jay. "What was the point, anyway?"
"Well..." Rose said. "See, O'Malley sort of thought I had agreed to go along with him, and then I changed my mind." 
Allie let this sink in. "So it really wasn't that Dr. Chill gave you to O'Malley," she said.
"But he knew," Rose protested.
"Maybe not," Allie said. "Maybe you should have told him you were afraid of O'Malley."
"That wouldn't have done any good," Rose said. "O'Malley's giving Dr. Chill a lot of money for his project."
"Why?" asked Allie.
Jay threw up his hands. "Why? Because they want to use us for some government project. I've been at the Doc's for five years. There were three other kids who were there when I arrived. They all went on."
"Went on," repeated Allie. "That's what everybody says. People leave Dr. Chill's and go on. What does that mean, exactly?"
Jay shook his head. "You aren't going to be a kid forever. You've got to do something. They go on to wherever it is that this O'Malley works."
"We didn't see any other kids at O'Malley's house," said Allie.
"No, not there. In Washington, or someplace. O'Malley's not the real head of it. Lots of people come to watch us work. I mean, they want us for our specials, understand? I don't get this business about tying Rose down on the bed, though. Pretty kinky. Maybe she threw O'Malley into a passion." He glanced at Rose with a grin.
"Not funny," said Rose.
"I see," said Allie. "O'Malley wanted you for something, Rose. You knew it when we first saw him on the street. He was going to make you use your special for something. And you knew it, and kept out of his way."
"They couldn't make me," said Rose. "No matter what they did."
"Come on," said Jay. "Lew makes you do what he wants. He doesn't tie you up and hold a gun on you, but he makes you, doesn't he? That's his special. Get it?"
"He can't make me give him the Mets score," said Rose. "I'll never do anything for him again. Never."
Jay shrugged. "So what are you going to do? Work in a makeup store? Let me tell you, I been on the street all by myself." His eyes glimmered, surprising Allie. He almost looked as if he were going to cry. Jay would never cry, she thought.
"Sometimes," he went on, "I could make enough to eat by beating other people at video games. Sometimes they got mad at me and wouldn't pay up. I slept anywhere I could sneak inside a building. I had to watch out that the cops didn't catch me and send me someplace for runaways. I had to watch out for people who would do worse to me than that. And you know something, Rose? You do a lot of things you don't like if you're really hungry."
Jay gave the others a hard stare. "I was glad when the Doc found me," Jay said. "All he wanted me to do was play video games, and he gave me computers, cell phones, digital stuff--anything I felt like fooling around with. I haven't been hungry at the Doc's. You notice he eats real well. He can afford it because somebody's paying him. The government has a lot of money. I'd rather get paid for messing with computers than have to beg for quarters on the street. See, that's the whole point. When you're between a rock and a hard place, you got no real choice. You gotta move toward one of them. Where can we go, except back to Doc's?"
Allie thought about what he'd said. She didn't want to go back to the old place again. She didn't want to be out on the streets, like Jay had. The thought of it made her want to throw up. That left Dr. Chill's house. But still...she remembered that Dr. Chill and Elizabeth hadn't been particularly concerned when Rose was gone. Like they knew she was going to be taken away. That wasn't the same as "going on."
"They knew I was with O'Malley," Rose said, butting in on Allie's thoughts. 
"Oh, Rose," Allie said.
"I can't help it," Rose replied. "You think so clear sometimes. So? You guys wanna talk to Lew?"
"It's all we can do," said Jay, nodding.
Chapter Fifteen
They found Lew trying to get the television to work. "Hey, machine man," he said when they appeared, "do something with this set, willya?"
Jay looked at the little TV that stood on an old table. The screen was just showing a lot of wavy lines. Jay went over and glanced at it. He put his hand on the back of the set and slapped it sharply. All of a sudden the lines disappeared and the picture appeared clear and sharp. It was in black-and-white though.
Lew shook his head. "How can you do that, man?"
"Want me to make it color?" Jay asked.
"You could do that?"
Jay smiled. "Nobody could do that. And this one's not going to work much longer. Better hope Auntie Mims bets your money on Rose's number, so she can buy a new set."
Lew said, "I already told you man. She won't bet that money. I know Auntie Mims."
"Anyway," said Jay, "we got something to talk to you about."
"Yeah?" Lew said. "You need me for something now?"
"We decided we want to talk to Dr. Chill," said Rose. "But we don't want to put ourselves where O'Malley can catch us again."
"Yeah?" So what you want to talk to Doc about?"
Rose looked at Jay. Jay looked at Allie.
"We might want to go back," said Allie.
"Yeah? Let's get somethin' straight, then," said Lew. "That was your idea, remember? I didn't put it in anybody's head."
"Yeah, we know," said Jay. "Don't be so uptight, man."
"I ain't uptight," Lew said. He pointed to Timmy. "It was him who sent the rest of you that that's what was comin' down."
They turned to Timmy. He had been following them around, but everybody had practically forgotten about him by now. He seemed uneasy, and Allie tensed, because she knew he was getting ready to send something. "Not so loud, Timmy," she said softly. He glanced at her, and she saw that he understood.
I don't want to go back, he sent. Everybody heard him.
"All right," said Lew. "So we know where he stands. How about you, Rose? You ready to go back?"
"I'm not sure," she said. "But I'm willing to...talk with Doc."
"Machine man?"
"Why not?" Jay replied. "I already fixed the TV. What else is there to do?"
"And you?" Lew asked Allie.
"I guess...I want to come back," she said. She looked at Rose. "I wish you'd come too."
"All right. I can deal with it," said Lew. "Auntie Mims hasn't got a telephone. I gotta find a place to call. I'll fix things, don't worry." He seemed a little too eager, and Allie knew Rose and Timmy were right about him.
They watched television for a while after Lew left, but nobody could get too interested in it. Timmy left the room and Allie followed. He went into Auntie Mims' bedroom and sat down on the bed. He began to suck his thumb and rock back and forth. That was what the kids in the old place did, the ones who were really autistic.
"Stop that," Allie said. Timmy ignored her. She saw what he was doing--withdrawing into his own world again.
She went over and shook him. "I said stop!" she shouted. "Don't do that! You have to stay with the rest of us! Out here! Not back inside your head!"
Timmy didn't look at her, but she heard him send Don't want to go to house. Like stay Auntie Mims.
"I know you do, Timmy," Allie said. "But she can't take care of you."
She my mommy, he sent. Good mommy. She take care of me.
"No," said Allie. "She's not your mother. She can't keep you here. You have to come with us." Timmy continued to suck his thumb, but now he looked at her, met her eyes. Allie knew that was a good sign. Really autistic children didn't look at you.
She put her arms around him. "You're part of us, Timmy," she whispered in his ear. "You helped to save Rose. You have to stay with us."
Timmy took his thumb out of his mouth. He seemed to be trying to say something to Allie, but he couldn't manage it. Then she heard him send Want to be with you. Want to be with Auntie Mims. Don't leave. You stay with us.
"Timmy," she said, "we can't stay."
I can stay, he sent her, and then disappeared from her mind. She felt the silence he left behind and watched him roll into a ball.
"Timmy," Allie said, but he was gone. And she knew that nothing would bring him back unless he wanted to.
She went out and sat in front of the TV with Rose and Jay. She felt jumpy. "You want to go out?" she asked Rose.
"Go out?" Rose said. "Are you crazy?"
"Well, why not?" asked Allie. "Maybe we could find a store."
Rose just shook her head, as if she couldn't believe just how dumb Allie really was. "We're not in the kind of neighborhood where Dr. Chill lives. This is the South Bronx. Don't you remember what it looked like last night?"
"Yes, but some people do live around here, don't they? Where do they go to buy food? Where has Auntie Mims gone to bet on that number you picked?"
"Allie..." Rose began and then stopped. She looked at Jay. He just shrugged, as if to say he agreed with Rose. It made Allie angry.
"Listen," Allie said, "it's not my fault that I don't know anything. Stop acting like I'm crazy or dumb. I got you out of Mr. O'Malley's house last night, didn't I?"
Jay laughed softly. "Yeah, no lie. Course I wouldn't have been in the house at all if you hadn't dragged me there."
"That's not true," said Allie. "I didn't make you come. You came for the same reason I did--because you wanted to help Rose. If you want to think somebody's dumb, what about her? She's the one who went out and got caught in the first place, when she knew that was exactly what was going to happen."
"Hey!" Rose yelled. "What's that supposed to mean?"
"You know," Allie said. She was really angry now, and told herself she should stop, but she was fed up with everybody acting like she was just a dope. "You knew about Mr. O'Malley," Allie said. "You only went out because you were mad, just because I was only talking to Lew and you wanted him to get all excited about you and your stupid numbers."
"Shut up!" Rose shouted. She jumped out of her chair and pushed Allie. Hard. Allie stumbled backward and bumped her head against a tall sideboard. It made her dizzy, and she felt a spasm of anger...
...and then Rose started to scream, not angry now but scared, and Allie saw that Rose was rising into the air, just the way the men with the guns had last night. Jay was gaping at Rose with his mouth open.
I'm doing that, Allie thought. And I hardly had to think about it.
Rose knew it too. "Cut it out!" she screamed. "CUT IT OUT, dammit!"
And then there was another scream, higher-pitched and more terrified than Rose's. Allie turned and saw Auntie Mims in the doorway, with her hands in the air.
All at once, Allie wasn't angry. And Rose dropped to the floor. She hadn't been very high up, nowhere near the ceiling, but she wasn't prepared for the fall and landed on her face. She began to cry loudly.
Allie took a step forward to help her, but then Rose looked up and gave Allie a hateful look. Auntie Mims was looking at her too, as if some kind of monster had wandered into her house.
Allie turned and ran. She had to hop over a  bag of groceries that Auntie Mims had dropped, but she made it to the front door and began to fumble with the locks. Behind her, she could still hear Rose crying and Auntie Mims saying, "Oh, oh, oh, oh, my," over and over.
The last of the locks finally turned, and Allie opened the door and ran up the little flight of stairs to the street. Everything looked different in the daylight, and she didn't know which way to go--only that she had to get away. There seemed to be more buildings off to her left, so she ran that way.
After a block or so, she slowed down. She passed some people, and they stared at her. The looks that they gave her were angry, as if she had done something bad. But they couldn't know, Allie thought. Why are they looking at me like that?
Then she realized. All the people who lived around here were black. She was the only white person.
That had never made any difference to her. Some of the kids in the old place were black, and they were no different from anybody else. Just as crazy. Some nice, some mean. And Lew was nice, even if he was just pretending.
But these people acted like Allie wasn't supposed to be here.
When she passed a group of boys on the sidewalk, they started to call her names. In the old place, she was used to people using all sorts of ugly names for each other. But these boys also called her "white." "White" this, and "white" that. And the way they said it, she knew that they thought "white" was as mean a name as the other things they said.
At least they didn't touch her. She was afraid of what would happen to them if they touched her. She just kept walking as if she didn't hear what they were saying. 
But then one of them started to follow her. Go away, she thought. Please. He kept taunting her, and she told herself that it didn't matter, but then she felt herself starting to cry. She turned to face the boy. "Stop it," she said.
He didn't, though. He reached out for her, and she knew that he was going to touch her...
...and then he flew backwards as fast as if he'd been shot. He kept going until he banged against a light pole. Hard enough to knock off his baseball cap. His jaw dropped open, and then he slid to the ground like a puppet whose strings were cut. He didn't get up.
I can do it even before they touch me now, Allie thought. The boy's friends gathered around him, looking back at Allie.
"What'd you do to Ray?" one of them asked her. "How'd you do that?"
"Keep away from me," she said.
They looked at each other. "I think he's hurt," one of the other boys said.
"I'll hurt you too," Allie said. She tried to sound tough, but her voice was shaky.
A couple of them looked like they wanted to come after her. "There's four of us," she heard one of them mutter. "We can't let this white b--"
He sprawled onto his back as if somebody had punched him. Hard. It's easier now, Allie thought. The boy's eyes got big and he scrambled to his feet and ran away. Allie looked at the others, who were moving away backwards, leaving Ray behind. "Ray needs better friends," Allie said.
She turned and kept walking. Finally she came to a block where there were some rundown little stores. She went inside one of them, just because she was tired of walking and wanted to think. Maybe they would have a telephone. But then she reminded herself she didn't know what Dr. Chill's number was. 
Inside, it was pretty dark, but she could see right away that she had made another mistake. There were some men playing pool at a table in the center of the room and some others drinking at a bar along the far wall. A television set was turned on to some sports show.
Everybody turned around and stopped talking when Allie came in. Their looks weren't full of hate, like the people she'd passed on the street. They just looked very surprised.
All of a sudden a big woman wearing an apron came rushing around the end of the bar. "Here now," she said to Allie. "You get on out of here right away. This here's a bar. You don't belong in here. You don't belong anywhere near here."
Tears rushed to Allie's eyes again. That was true. She didn't belong anywhere. She was just some weirdo who made everybody scared. She felt helpless now, however. She didn't want to go back out on the street again.
The woman took Allie by the arm. Allie wanted to tell her not to, but she couldn't get the words out. Almost at once, the woman pulled her hand back. "What the devil was that?" she shouted.
Some of the men at the bar laughed, but when the woman turned and glared at them, they shut up.
"I felt like I stuck my hand in an electric socket," the woman said. "Was that you did that?"
Allie nodded, ashamed. "Don't hate me," she said.
"How'd you get here?" the woman asked. She didn't seem as afraid as the boys had been. "You get off at the wrong stop or sumpin'?"
Allie sniffed and nodded.
"Well, just get right back on the subway and go back downtown or wherever it was you came from," the woman said.
Allie looked at her. "I don't know where...the subway is," she managed to say.
The woman shook her head. Nobody can believe how stupid I am, thought Allie.
"All right now," the woman said. "You just turn left when you get out of here, and walk down six blocks. You'll see it. Tracks are overhead. You go up the stairs. Understand?"
Allie nodded. She tried to smile at the woman, but wasn't quite able to. "I'm sorry about your hand," Allie said.
The woman shook her head. "Just go on out of here and leave us alone," she said.
Allie looked around, seeing nothing but hostile faces. She left.
Walking the six blocks seemed to take a long time. Nobody touched her, but the way they looked at her was worse. She kept having to stop herself from breaking into a run. She thought of Timmy, who would be able to read the minds of all these people-know just what they were thinking. She shivered. Now she knew why Timmy sometimes had to roll up in a ball and shut everybody else out. She would have done that herself, right now, if she could have.
Finally she reached the subway, only in this part of the city it was on tracks overhead. She started up the stairs. They were so steep that she was practically out of breath when she reached the top. Now she had to go through the turnstile. But it wouldn't move. It was locked! She pushed it again. It moved only a little but then stopped. What was wrong?
Somebody shouted at her. Allie turned. There was a woman in a glass booth, and she was yelling into this microphone that let her talk to people. "I see you!" she said. "Don't try to jump that stile, you hear me? There's an officer on the platform, and I'm going to call him."
Allie remembered that you needed a card to get on the subway. Lew had used his for all of them last night. But she didn't have any money to buy a card. She started walking toward the woman in the booth, trying to explain, but the woman kept shouting and shouting at her. Allie wanted her to stop...
...and then all these coins and dollar bills and plastic subway cards that the woman had inside the booth just jumped into the air and began to fly around. There was such a cloud of them, that Allie could hardly see the woman. But she could hear her all right. Screaming.
"What's going on!" Another voice, making Allie turn around again.
This time, it was a man in a police uniform. He'd come out from the platform where the trains stopped. Allie tensed, thinking he might have a gun, like the guards at Mr. O'Malley's house. He reached for something tucked inside his belt, but when he pulled it out, Allie saw that it was only a radio.
Then she saw that he was going to use it, and probably call more police. She didn't want that, and she concentrated on the radio. It jerked from his hand and rose into the air, just the way the guns had the night before. This policeman didn't hold onto it tightly enough, and it got away from him. He's lucky, Allie thought, because I could have lifted him into the air too.
He jumped for it a couple of times, and then suddenly this look came over his face. Allie could see him realize that radios didn't just float away. And then he looked at her and realized...
...realized she had somehow taken it away. He was afraid, just like the boys had been. He turned and kind of half-ran through the door that led onto the platform.
The woman inside the booth was still screaming, even though the coins and cards and everything had stopped flying around. The booth was pretty much a mess though, and it was clear that the woman blamed Allie. "You're going to pay for this!" she shouted. "I sent out an alarm!"
Allie ran, heading back down the stairs. Reaching the bottom, she looked both ways and froze. People were walking along in both directions. They would stare at her again. Maybe some would try to stop them. She'd have to...
She didn't want to keep doing that. There was no place for her anywhere. She slumped and sat on the bottom step, listening for sirens. Maybe the police would take her back to the old place. That might be all right. The kids there would think Allie was really crazy if she told them what happened to her.
She felt a hand on her shoulder and lifted her head.
It wasn't the police. It was Auntie Mims.
Allie drew away. "Don't touch me!" she said. "You'll get hurt!"
Auntie Mims didn't care. She put her arms around Allie and sat down on the step beside her. Allie hid her face on Auntie Mims's shoulder and began to cry. It made her feel a lot better.
Don't cry. Don't cry, somebody else sent her. In her mind.
"Hush, Timmy," Allie heard Auntie Mims say. "Sometimes it's good for people to cry. Haven't you ever cried?"
Allie looked up. Timmy was standing there, looking so worried that it made her smile through her tears.
No, she heard. They can't make me cry.
"Well, maybe you ought to sometime," Auntie Mims said.
"How...how did you find me?" Allie asked.
Auntie Mims smiled. "Oh," she said, "Timmy watched over you all the time. He's real fond of you, you know that? He just led me along, showing me pictures in my head, till we came upon you."
Auntie Mims patted Timmy on the back. "You did real good, now."
She looked at Allie. "It's hard for him to sort things out, you know? He gets a lot of pictures in his mind. Hard for him to tell one from another."
"That's what Elizabeth says," Allie remembered.
"Who's Elizabeth?" Auntie Mims asked. Then she raised a hand. "Oh, well, now, don't tell me. I can't take no more special children now. But you shouldn'ta just run out like that. You coulda got in serious trouble, all by yourself."
Allie hid her face again. "I was just...It was so awful, the things I did."
Auntie Mims stroked her hair. "Naw, people just scared you, and you did what you had to. People don't know their own strength sometimes."
"Is Rose all right? Did I hurt her?"
"Not too bad. She feels just about as bad as you because you ran away. See here, she gave me this. She said is was somethin' you treasured."
Allie looked at what was Auntie Mims's hand.
It was the little green box. 
Allie reached for it. "Where did you...where did Rose...find this?"
"I guess you musta had it in your clothes, and last night it dropped out on the floor next to your bed. Rose found it and said you'd want it. Said you'd know what she meant."
Allie nodded, remembering that first day when she and Rose had gone shopping, like sisters.
"It's kind of a charm for you, ain't it?" asked Auntie Mims. "Reminds you of something dear to you?"
"How did you know that?" Allie asked. Not even Rose could have known that, she thought. Allie had never thought about the box when Rose was around.
"Well, I'm not special like you and Timmy," said Auntie Mims, "but I get a kind of feeling about things. I used to have a friend was a voodoo lady from some island place. Haiti, that was it. She taught me how you could find good and bad in people. She could do some amazing things. But as soon as I touched this box, I knew it had a special meaning for you."
Allie bit her lip. "It reminds me...of my mother. Only I can't remember just what. I start to, but then it gets away from me."
"She alive?" Auntie Mims asked. 
"I...think so," said Allie. "Only I haven't seen her in a long, long time." She felt tears come to her eyes again. "I don't think she wants to see me."
"Hold my hand," said Auntie Mims. Allie took her hand and felt Auntie's small, dry fingers grip hers with surprising strength. "Now you," Auntie said, taking Timmy's hand in her other hand.
Auntie looked at Allie. "Think on it now."
Allie closed her eyes. She was at the door to her mother's room again. She saw the dress on the floor. It was the same green as the box. She wanted to go in, but she was afraid. Then she felt a little push. It was Timmy, sending her. You went in, came the thought, only now it was Auntie Mims's voice. What did you see?
Allie squeezed Auntie Mims's hand, knowing she could go in this time. They would be with her. She walked through the doorway...and saw her mother in bed. In the bed where her mother and father slept. And whenever Allie got afraid in the night, because of thunder or a bad dream, she went in there...only now her father wasn't there.
There was somebody else. Allie had never seen him before. He wasn't supposed to be there. And then her mother saw her and started yelling, "Get out! Get out of here!" But Allie couldn't move. She just stood there, staring and this man, and he threw back the covers and started toward her. She stood there, dazed, unable to turn and run, and when he got to her he reached down and pushed her, and all the time her mother was shouting, "Get out!" 
And when the man pushed Allie, he just...
...went up in the air.
"Oh, God!" Allie pulled her hand away from Auntie Mims's and covered her face.
Auntie cradled Allie in her arms again. "So that's all it was. You saw that. Was that the first time you ever did your special thing?"
"Yes," Allie mumbled. "And that was why...that was why..."
"Your momma had you put away someplace," Auntie Mims finished for her.
Allie nodded.
"So you got to face that," Auntie Mims said. "Sometimes people we love don't act nice. It's hard for young people to accept, 'cause they ain't got so much experience in life. They think people ought to act a certain way, and when they don't, young people get all confused and angry. Or angry at theyselves. That wasn't your fault, Allie dear, hear me?"
"But it was," Allie said. "I made him go up in the air...I mean, it was me, and then..."
"Hush now. You got to face it so you can think on it, that's all. Better to face it. But you also got to accept yourself as you are. See, you can't help it if you got this special talent. That's the way you was born. You just gotta learn how to use it wisely."
"I don't know how," said Allie. "I just keep hurting people with it. Even Rose. And now I know what she means about her special. Everybody wants her to use it. And she is afraid."
"Yeah, and she feels sometimes like she'd be better off if she lost it," said Auntie Mims. "But that ain't right. Maybe she-and you-could do somethin' good with it. Didn't Rose give me the number? Ain't that right?"
"Did you win?" asked Allie, suddenly curious.
Auntie Mims laughed. "Won't know till tomorrow. That's the way it is with life, you know? That's why so many people like to play the numbers. It gives you somethin' to hope for, some reason to think tomorrow will be better. And you gotta lot more tomorrows in your life than I do. You got to get on with it."
"Does that mean you think I ought to go back? I mean, to Dr. Chill's?"
NO!
Allie's head throbbed, and Auntie Mims shook her finger at Timmy. "Stop that, now," she said. "You're gonna shake our brains loose."
She turned back to Allie. "Let's walk back to my house. They're all worried about you. You got to think it through for yourself."
"But, Auntie. One more thing," said Allie.
"Come along," Auntie Mims said. "We can talk on the way."
They started walking. And Allie asked, "Will I ever...I mean, won't I ever go back to my parents?"
Auntie Mims shook her head. "I don't know, Allie. That's something you got to discover for yourself. I don't think even Rose could tell you that. And wouldn't life be dull if people could really tell us what's goin' to happen? I know this much-if you want to make somethin' happen, you got to work for it."
Auntie took Allie's hand. "You want to see your parents, right?"
"Yes."
"Then you got to try your best. This Doc you was all livin' with...he know where your parents are?"
"I think so," Allie said.
"Then you got to find out from him."
Chapter Sixteen
Auntie Mims started to take out her keys, but before she could use them, the door opened. Rose stood there. "Oh, Allie, they found you," she cried, reaching out. As they hugged, the others came around them too talking excitedly.
"What'd you do such a damn stupid thing like that for?" Rose asked.
"Oh, Rose, I was so...you know. Are you all right?"
"Yeah, yeah, I was just shaken up a little. It wasn't your fault. We all knew that. I shouldn't have pushed you in the first place."
"She sure won't push you again," Jay said.
"Cut that out," said Rose. "Don't make her feel bad. I'll push her anytime I feel like it."
"Don't do it now," said Lew. "We believe you."
Lew turned to Allie. "We didn't know if Timmy could help Auntie Mims find you. I didn't get back till after they'd left."
"And she made Jay and me stay here," Rose put in.
"I told you," said Auntie Mims. "I know Timmy. He can put his mind to things if he just tries."
"You could have just followed the trail of flying bodies," said Jay.
Allie blushed, thinking of the boys who had stopped her, and Rose started to laugh.
"What is it?" said Lew. "What'd she do?"
"Rose!" said Allie.
"I'm sorry," said Rose. "But tell them, anyway. It was funny."
Allie started to tell what happened, and because everybody encouraged her, she told them not just about the boys but the woman in the change booth and the policeman on the subway platform. Everybody laughed. Finally, she started laughing too.
"You're getting' better, Allie," Lew said.
"Don't encourage her," said Jay. "You're next." He pointed up in the air and said "Whooosh!"
Rose gave him a hard punch on the arm. "Cut that out, I told you. Anyway, you were just as worried as I was."
"Machine man's gettin' almost human," Lew said.
Jay rubbed his arm and said, "I wish Rose was a machine. I'd know how to turn her off."
"You already do that," said Rose.
"Now, now," said Auntie Mims. "Don't start squabblin'. I don't want no more hittin' or pushin' in my house. Come on. We're all gonna have somethin' to eat."
They went into the kitchen and sat down. Auntie Mims had brought some kind of meat and mixed it with greens and spices and broth. "Pigs' knuckles," she said, ladling them out into bowls with the broth.
Allie didn't think she would like eating knuckles, but found that the meat fell right off the bones, and was incredibly delicious.
"Where'd you get all this food, Auntie Mims?" Lew asked.
"Good thing I was able to, the way you all eat," she said.
Lew winked at the others. "We all appreciate it, don't we?"
They all nodded, mouths full, and then clamped their hands over their ears as Timmy sent, GOOD!
"My, somebody got to teach that boy to talk," Auntie Mims said.
"Yeah, but Auntie," said Lew, "I was just wonderin' about that number. 'Cause we may be pretty busy tomorrow. Did you put that five dollars I gave you on the number Rose said?"
"Well, yes and no," she said, giving him a sly look.
"But I told you what the number was going to be!" said Rose.
"Well, you told me, yes," Auntie Mims said, reaching across the table and patting Rose's hand. "But I knew you'd all be hungry before we could find out if that was really the right number. And here I had this five dollars. That was today."
Rose shook her head, and Auntie Mims went on: "I knew another fortune-teller one time. She was good too. My, the things she could tell you. My old man asked her for the number, and he put down thirty-one dollars, every cent we had in the house. Imagine that!"
"Did you win?" asked Allie.
"Course not. My, I liked to killed that fool man of mine. Then this fortune-teller said it was his fault, 'cause he was greedy and God punished him, you know?"
Rose just clapped her hand to her forehead.
"Oh, don't feel so bad now, Rose," said Auntie Mims. "I put down fifty cents."
"You did?" Lew said. "I thought you might put down a dime at most."
"Well, that's probably what I should of done," said Auntie Mims. "But I figured it was your money, after all."
They all laughed.
"Now," Jay said to Lew, you said we were going to have a busy day tomorrow. We didn't get a chance to find out what happened when you called Dr. Chill."
"Right," Lew said, nodding. "Here's the story. He was pretty excited and wanted to know where we were."
"You didn't tell him?" Rose asked.
"If I had, he woulda been here by now," said Lew. I told him what happened, and how mad you were, but he'd already heard from O'Malley. O'Malley figures Doc's hiding us somewhere, and he got a warrant and searched the house. That made Doc about as mad as you, and he got madder when I told him they'd tied you down to the bed and held guns on us and that."
"He knew O'Malley was going to pick me up," said Rose.
"That may be," agreed Lew. "We didn't get into that. But the Doc's concerned with keeping us all away from O'Malley now. He said O'Malley was trying to destroy the project."
"But we can't go back there now."
Lew nodded. "That's the way Doc figures. They'll probably be watching the house and follow him or Elizabeth if they try to get to us."
"So what can we do?" asked Allie.
"Well, it's like this," Lew said. "Doc's got another place, out in the country that nobody knows about. He thinks. We can all go up there?"
"How can we get there?" Rose asked. "How could we ever find it? If we wanted to go, I mean."
"I made another phone call," Lew said. "I got a friend who'll pick up Doc and Elizabeth tomorrow. He's cool, and he'll take them on the subway."
"I thought you said they'll be followed," Jay said.
"Nobody can follow this dude," Lew said. "He knows how to work the subways to lose anybody who's trailin' them. When he's sure they're clear, he'll bring them up here to a place where we can meet them."
"And then what?"
"Doc rents a van, and zip-off we go."
"I don't like it," Rose said. "Suppose he just decides to drive us straight back to O'Malley?"
"He didn't sound to me like he was about to do that," said Lew. "He was all upset at O'Malley, no lie."
"He puts on a good act," said Rose. She looked at Allie, then at Jay. "What do you guys think?"
Allie rubbed her forehead. She wasn't good at stuff like this. In the old place, nobody ever asked her to make decisions. They just told her what to do. "Rose," she said, "you're the one who's supposed to be able to know what other people are thinking."
Jay nodded. "Can you tell if the Doc is telling the truth?"
"Not from here," Rose said. "He might be lying, or might not." She pointed at Lew. "He might be lying too."
Lew threw up his hands. "Well, it's up to you. What else are you gonna do?"
"Stay here," said Rose. 
Timmy's face brightened when she said that. He banged his spoon on his plate. The others started to put their hands to their ears, but stopped when they saw Timmy open his mouth.
Nothing came out that could really be called words, but he tried. He made some sounds and then stopped, looking angry. STAY HERE! he sent, when they were least expecting it.
Auntie Mims stood up. "All right now," she said. "Nothin' to worry about. Plenty of time to talk. Let's clear away the dishes. Boys can dry, and the girls wash. Timmy, you can help me put 'em away. Goes quick when you have a lot of people."

After they finished the dishes, they went into the living room and turned the television on. It was broken again, and Jay had to fix it. Auntie Mims grew impatient. "I only turn that thing on so I don't feel alone. With people around, it's good to do somethin' with each other. Let's play cards."
"Play cards?" said Allie.
"Come on. What'd you like to play?" asked Auntie Mims, rummaging around in a drawer. "Forget about that thing," she told Jay.
He looked up from the TV. "You can't play cards with her," he said, pointing to Rose.
"What's the matter?" Rose said. "Afraid you'll get beat?"
Jay laughed. "Afraid? I know I'll get beat, against you."
"I thought you were so smart," Rose taunted him.
"Play you at Grand Turismo Three sometime," he replied.
"Well, let's try, anyway," said Auntie Mims. "Come on out to the kitchen table. You like poker, Rose."
"Oh, does she like poker," Jay muttered.
They had to explain the game to Allie, and Timmy couldn't play, so Auntie Mims said, "He can help me," and sat him on her lap where he could see the cards. She gave everybody some wooden matches so they could use them to bet with.
Jay was the first to lose all his matches. "You can get some more out of that box on the stove," Auntie Mims said.
"Waste of time," Jay said. "I'll just do some work on your refrigerator. It's about to quit."
"Oh, that's real nice," said Auntie Mims. "I was wonderin' who I could get to fix that thing."
Before long, Allie and Lew had lost all their matches too. "Let's just watch," Lew said, winking at Allie. He seemed to think something was funny. Allie tried to figure it out.
With only Auntie Mims and Rose left, the game turned very strange. They each put in a match to start the game, but as soon as the cards were dealt, one or the other would say, "I drop," even though they could draw more cards if they felt like it.
Then Allie realized what was going on. She looked at Lew. He was grinning and pointed to Rose. 
Rose looked very frustrated. She was obviously working hard. Allie saw that she must be looking ahead to see what the cards were going to be. But she wasn't winning much, and sometimes she lost too.
Finally Lew burst out laughing. "I can't help it," he gasped.
Rose glared at him. "What the hell's going on?" she wanted to know.
"No swearing in my house," murmured Auntie Mims, counting her pile of matches.
"Haven't you got it figured out, Rose?" Lew asked. "You can see what the next cards are going to be, but then Timmy can see what's in your mind..." He started laughing again.
Rose's eyes widened. "And then he tells you," she said to Auntie Mims.
Jay had wandered over, and he gave a big horse laugh. "You finally met your match, Rose," he said. "Can't play cards when we're gone."
Rose threw down her cards in disgust. "We'll find something else to do."
Auntie Mims gathered the deck of cards together and put a rubber band around it. "I been thinkin' on that," she said. "You know you're all welcome here..."
"I could make money for you, Auntie Mims," Rose said eagerly.
"I sees that, Rose. Truly," replied Auntie Mims. "But this ain't no place for you, or for Timmy neither." Timmy responded by putting his arms around her and curling up. She patted him on the head. "Now I loves you dearly, Timmy," she said. "But you gotta find out things that you can't learn here. I'm an old lady. I could die tomorrow, and then what would become of you?"
NO! he sent. Everybody could hear him. You won't die. He looked at Rose. Rose can tell. Tell her Rose. Tell her she won't die.
They looked at Rose. She turned pale and then green, as if she were going to be sick. She jumped up from her chair and ran out of the room.
Timmy slumped over in Auntie's arms. His body went totally limp. "Oh, my!" Auntie Mims cried. She had trouble holding him.
Lew stood up. "Check out Rose," he told Allie, as Jay lifted Timmy off Auntie Mims's lap.
Allie went down the hall to the room she had shared with Rose the night before. She found Rose sitting on the bed, staring at the wall. Her hands were clenched into fists, and tears were running down her cheeks.
Allie saw down on the bed. "Can I do anything?" she asked. She was afraid to put her arms around Rose.
"I'm O.K., Allie," Rose said. "Really I am. I just...never thought about predicting that kind of thing before. But I'd been turning myself on, trying to read the cards, and then when Timmy asked me...Did you hear what he sent me?"
"Yes."
Rose reached out to Allie, and Allie took her in her arms and held her close. Rose just stayed there for a long time.
"I didn't even try for it," Rose said finally. "I just saw the answer to what he asked me. I knew when Auntie Mims was going to die."
"You couldn't help it, Rose," Allie said.
"That's the whole point," said Rose.
Allie felt closer to Rose than she ever had. In fact, she didn't know if she had ever felt this close to anyone. Because she understood that both she and Rose had these...specials that changed the way everyone else felt about them. She squeezed Rose even tighter, until Rose finally said, "Allie, I want to try and sleep now." 
Allie pulled a blanket over Rose and left her. She went back to the kitchen to find Auntie Mims there alone, playing solitaire with the deck of cards.
She looked up and smiled. "The boys put Timmy to bed," she said. "I think they're gonna watch TV for a while. I thought Timmy was throwin' a fit or somethin' bad, but they said he acts like that sometimes. He'll be all right, they said. That true?"
"I think so," said Allie. She sat down at the table, watching Auntie Mims.
"That Rose is pretty good, ain't she?" said the old lady, studying the cards.
"She is," admitted Allie cautiously.
"Think she picked the right number for me?" asked Auntie Mims.
"I think so," said Allie.
"Well, that'll be exciting."
Auntie Mims turned some more cards over. "Wish I had her gift," she said. "Woulda been a rich woman." She laughed.
"Rose wishes she didn't have it," Allie said.
Auntie Mims nodded. "You too?"
Allie recalled what Auntie Mims had told her before. "Maybe I just don't know how to use it."
"Yeah," said Auntie Mims. "You got to learn more about people. Which ones are good, and which ones are bad. People can fool you, you know?"
"I know. I wish I could stay here and learn from you," Allie said.
Auntie Mims threw down the pack of cards. "Well, we know you can't. Got to find your own way tomorrow. And, you do me a favor, Allie?"
"Oh, yes," Allie said.
Auntie Mims got to her feet. "Just tell Rose not to tell me what she seen when Timmy asked her that question before. That's something I don't want to know. Nobody ought to know. You understand?"
"She already knows that, Auntie Mims. She won't tell."
"Rose is a good girl. Stay close to her if you can, hear? I think she's gonna need a lot of help."
"I will," said Allie.
"Turn out the lights when you go to bed, now," said Auntie Mims.
Allie listened to her footsteps go down the hallway. Then there was only the sound of the TV playing softly in the other room. She didn't feel like watching TV. She was tired too. She turned out the light.
She undressed quickly so as not to awaken Rose. But when she crawled into bed, Rose reached over and took her hand. Allie clasped it, but had nearly fallen asleep with Rose said, "I hate being this way."
"Auntie Mims says we have to accept being what we are," Allie said.
"Yeah?" said Rose. "So we can live in a place like this when we're older?"
Allie thought about that. "I haven't been all the places you've been, Rose. But it seems to me that Auntie Mims is a happy person."
Rose was silent for a long time, and then said, "Maybe we could learn more from her than we can from Dr. Chill."
"Auntie Mims doesn't think so, Rose. She wants us to go back."
Rose sighed. "I guess," she said in a small voice. "I feel so trapped."
Allie tried to think of something she could say to make Rose feel better. But before she could, both of them were asleep.
Chapter Seventeen
Allie woke up when she heard voices in one of the other rooms. The light coming through the windows was already bright. She let Rose sleep, and found Lew and Auntie Mims sitting in the kitchen.
"Can you beat this?" Lew said. "She doesn't even want to go down the street to see if she won the number."
"Now, Lew," said Auntie Mims. "You're impatient. That's cause you're young. Funny how young people got so much more time than us old folks, but they're in so much more of a rush!"
"Don't you want to win the money?" asked Allie.
"Sure do," said Auntie Mims. "But it ain't as if I got somethin' I want to spend it on real quick. Don't pay no rent, don't eat that much, got everything I really need." She brought two plates over to the table and spooned out some scrambled eggs and friend potatoes.
Allie and Lew started eating. Allie could hardly believe how good the simplest things were when Auntie cooked them. "But still," she asked in between mouthfuls, "it would be fun to win, wouldn't it?"
"Sure would," said Auntie Mims. "Don't you 'member what I told you yesterday. I won the numbers before. I bet on them lots of times. Always thought I had a chance to win. But the most fun is thinkin' I'm gonna win. Understand?"
"I remember. That's why you look forward to tomorrow."
Auntie Mims smiled at Lew. "This girl learns quick."
"You're a good teacher, Auntie Mims," Lew said.
"Oh my, yes, and I'm havin' a good time with so many young people around here. That's why I'm talkin' so much-so I can enjoy it before you all have to leave." Something caught in her voice, and she turned away.
Lew motioned for Allie to go over to Auntie Mims.
Allie did, and put her arm around the old lady. Auntie Mims seemed so little and frail, but Allie wasn't afraid of hurting her. She had started to get used to the idea that people liked it when you hugged them. "We're sorry we have to leave," Allie said. She looked over at Lew.
"Would you like..." Allie went on, "I mean, maybe you could come with us?"
Auntie Mims look up, and Allie saw that her eyes were watery. "Ain't that a sweet thing to say," she said. "You got a good heart, Allie. I hope nobody ever breaks it. But no, I can't go with you all. I'm comfortable here. You get to know, when you're old as I am, where you belong. This is where I belong."
Lew stood up. "Well, at least we ought to go down the street and see what that number is."
"Who's gonna cook for them others?" Auntie asked. "They'll be up any minute."
"Allie can handle it," Lew said. Allie started to protest, but Lew put his hand up and winked at her. "I gotta help Auntie bring that money back here safe," he said.
So Allie nodded, even though she didn't have the least idea how to cook anything, and Auntie Mims went out the door with Lew.
After a few minutes, Jay appeared in the doorway. He was yawning and rubbing his hand through his hair, which was uncombed as usual. "Where's everybody?" he asked.
"Lew went out with Auntie Mims to see if she won the number."
"What's the problem? Of course she won the number."
"I guess Lew had to go along to make sure she got back with the money."
Jay nodded. "Anything to eat?" he asked.
"Lew said I should cook breakfast for the rest of us," Allie said.
Jay raised an eyebrow. "Well, then what's for breakfast?"
Allie looked around. "Eggs and potatoes."
"Bring it on," he said, sitting down at the table.
Allie approached the stove warily. A bowl of eggs sat there, and a plate of potatoes that were already cut into slices. She knew that all you had to do was put them in the skillet and turn on the gas flame. Auntie Mims stirred everything around when she was cooking. Allie remembered that.
She picked up one of the eggs. She tried to recall how Auntie Mims broke it, striking it against the side of the pan and then holding the two halves of the shell so that the inside dropped out. It looked easy. She struck the egg against the side of the pan.
And it splattered, leaving the shell and part of the egg inside the pan and the rest running down the front of the stove. She looked at the mess with dismay.
"You don't know how to do that, do you?" Jay said.
"I never did it before," Allie said. She hated being so dumb.
Jay got up, cleaned the stove with a rag from the sink, and dumped the rest of the broken egg into the trash. "Watch me," he said to Allie. "It's not that hard."
She paid attention as he cooked. "Start with the potatoes," he said. "They'll stay hot while you cook the eggs. The eggs don't take as long to cook."
"How do you know all this?" Allie asked. "I was going to put everything in all together."
"Being on your own teaches you a lot of things," he said.
Allie watched him break and stir the eggs. Of all the people in Dr. Chill's project, she knew the least about Jay. She decided to pay more attention to him. She remembered what Auntie Mims said, and thought she could learn more from him besides cooking.
Then Rose came in. "Oh, no!" she said. "You're doing the cooking?"
"Just for myself," said Jay, spooning everything out onto a place. "You can try next. Unless you want to let Allie make breakfast for you."
Rose looked at Allie. "Can you make breakfast?"
"No."
"Well, then," said Rose, "I'll just take the stuff you've already made, Jay." She grabbed the plate of eggs and potatoes that he had put down while he was turning off the stove.
"Hey!" he said. "You're pushing it, Rose."
But she had already forked some of it into her mouth. "Mmm. You're good, Jay. Maybe I'll suggest to Doc that you do all the cooking when we get to wherever we're going. Does he know you can cook?"
"He knows I can do more than that," Jay said. "But does that mean you've decided to go with us?"
"I'll see what happens, said Rose. "I'd still rather stay with Auntie Mims. You know why?"
"Because she won't steal your makeup?" Jay suggested.
Rose stuck out her tongue at him. "No. It's because she's the only person I've met who doesn't want to use my special."
"Well, she did bet fifty cents," Jay said.
"She and Lew went off to collect," Allie added. "And you know, Auntie Mims still doesn't really believe she's going to win."
"Well, she will," Rose said.
"We know, we know," Jay replied. He finished cooking another breakfast and brought it over to the table. He ate some. "Not bad," he said. "So anyway, let's get serious, Rose. You gotta go with us, right?"
"Maybe," said Rose. "But I'm not sticking around if I don't like the scene."
"What about Timmy?" Jay asked.
"What about him?"
"He gonna go? He threw one of his fits last night."
"Why should you care?" asked Rose.
"Rose!" Allie said. "That's not fair. Jay does care about Timmy. And about you too. We're all friends."
"Well, go back and be friends with Timmy then," Rose said.
Allie looked at Jay. He shrugged. "You can probably do more with him than I can."
"All right," she said. She found Timmy curled up on Auntie Mims's bed. He wasn't tightly rolled into a ball, which was a good sign. "Timmy?" she said softly.
She didn't hear any reply, but something inside her head let her know that he was listening.
She knew she could just think at him, but she went on talking because she was more comfortable using her own voice. "We're going to go meet Dr. Chill, Timmy, and we want you to come with us."
No.
Well, at least he was communicating.
"Timmy, you have to." She hesitated. "You know you do. You know why."
Rose is going to make Auntie Mims die, he sent.
"That's not true, Timmy. You know she can't do that. She only saw...what was going to happen anyway. Because you asked her to."
You can change it, sent Timmy. Make her live. Make her live a long, long time. Do it, Allie.
"I can't, Timmy. There are some things none of us can do."
Yes you can, Allie. You can do anything. I wish I was like you.
Allie was startled. That was the first time in her life anybody had ever said that about her. She couldn't imagine anybody wanting to be like her. She tried to think of what to say and remembered what Auntie Mims had said.
"Timmy, you can't be like me. And I can't be like you. We have to be what we are."
Don't like that. Don't like hearing what everybody thinks. Makes me...makes me...go dark. Into the dark place. Allie could feel him tugging at her mind, as if he wanted to show her something. She followed, let him take her to the edge of it, like a great empty hole...She pulled back, violently, with all her strength.
DON'T! Allie tried to shout it aloud, but she was inside his head, where no one could speak. Don't go there, she struggled to send. She had seen what he meant by the dark place, and knew it was something like death...or worse.
Timmy looked at her, wide-eyed. She had succeeded in pulling him back. Maybe, she sent, maybe Dr. Chill can help you, Timmy. Maybe he could help you turn off the thoughts without going into...that bad place.
There was a long pause, and then he sent her a thought: You stay with me? Stay with me, Allie?
I will, Timmy. I promise.
He rolled onto his back and looked up at her. You don't like to hug, he sent.
It's all right, she sent back. I'm learning.
He raised his arms, and she took them and pulled him close to her. Feel good, Timmy sent her. Feel good, Allie?
She struggled to answer him out loud, because she wanted to pull them back into the room, into the world outside their minds. "You know I do," she said. "Come on now, and eat some breakfast."
He let her take him into the kitchen. Rose and Jay looked surprised. "He's hungry," Allie said.
"No problem," Jay replied and went to the stove. When he put the plate of scrambled eggs on the table, Timmy scooped some up with his fingers.
"Auntie Mims wont like that," Allie told him. "She wanted you to learn to eat like everybody else."
Timmy stuck out his lower lip and looked angry. Slowly, however, he picked up a spoon. He looked so dejected that the others laughed. Allie put her hand over her mouth, because she was afraid Timmy would hate being laughed at. But he blinked at them, holding his spoon in the air, and then he squeaked out the sound that was his way of laughing.
It was all right.
"He thinks it's funny too," Rose said.
"Imagine what Doc's going to think when he sees Timmy eating with a spoon," said Jay.
That started them all laughing again, and they were still at it when Lew and Auntie Mims walked in.
Timmy jumped up and ran over to hug Auntie Mims. You didn't die, he sent. Allie heard him, and so did Auntie Mims. "Not yet," she said. "Not today. I had good luck today!" She reached in her purse and pulled out a wad of bills. "Lookit this, Timmy! Look at all the money I won!"
Auntie turned to Rose. "Thank you, Rose, my sweet little Rose, oh my goodness you were right!"
"I told you," said Rose. "How much did she win?" she asked Lew.
"Three hundred," Lew said.
Rose stamped her foot. "Auntie Mims, think how much you could've won if you put down the whole five dollars Lew gave you!"
Auntie Mims smiled and patted Rose's hand. "Yes, that's true enough, Rose. But then we wouldn't have had all that good food to eat last night!"
Rose shook her head.
"Here," Auntie Mims said, peeling off about half of the bills and handing them to Rose. "I oughta split with you."
"No!" Rose shouted. "It's for you!"
Auntie Mims shrugged and turned toward Timmy. "And I got a nice present for you. Here's twenty dollars."
Timmy grabbed the money.
"He doesn't need that!" said Rose. "He doesn't know what money is!"
Mine! Timmy sent loudly, and they all cringed.
"Hush now, Timmy," Auntie Mims cautioned.
Lew grinned. "She hasn't got the whole three hundred now. She gave a lot away to people on the street."
"And why not?" Auntie Mims said. "They's my friends. You share with your friends if you got good fortune, don't you? Isn't that was being friends is about?"
Timmy tucked his ten dollars into his jeans. He went over to Rose and took her hand. He pressed it hard.
"What?" Rose said. "Oh. I'm not going to...oh, all right. I'll try."
Timmy smiled. It was so unusual that everybody stared at him.
"What's goin' on now?" Lew asked.
Rose rolled her eyes upward. "He wants me to do something. It's...oh, you'd just laugh. All right. I need a minute by myself." She walked toward the doorway.
"We ain't got too much time, Rose," Lew called. "We're supposed to meet Doc. You coming?"
"Yeah, all right," said Rose. "I'll come. Just give me a couple minutes , will you?" She left.
Lew looked at Allie. "She really going with us?"
Allie nodded. "Yes, and Timmy too."
Timmy ran back to Auntie Mims and hugged her. "I know, Timmy," she said, "but it's right that you go with your friends. I'll always remember you too. What's that? No, I ain't your good mommy." She pushed him back a little so she could look him in the eyes.
"You got a real mommy somewhere, don't you?" she asked. She waited for his answer and then slapped him very lightly on the hand. "Now, don't you think that. Don't, hear?"
Timmy looked so sad that Auntie Mims had to hug him again. "Aw now, Timmy, I loves you dearly. But you gotta learn that your own mommy does too. She does! Maybe she don't show it, but she does. And you can be my nephew just like Lew and Rose and Allie and Jay. I'll always be your Auntie Mims, and I'll always love you."
Timmy reached into his pocket. He showed her the twenty-dollar bill, as if she hadn't just given it to him, and Auntie Mims laughed. She looked at the others. "You catch what he tole me?"
Lew and Allie exchanged glances. "We didn't," said Allie.
"He says that if you all don't treat him good he's goin' to use that money to come back here to me. Oh, he's a smart child. And you talk like he don't know what money's for." She held out her arms for Timmy again.
Lew looked at Allie. "We gotta go. Check out Rose, will ya?"
Allie went down to their room. "Lew says it's time to leave, Rose."
Rose was writing something down on a piece of paper. "All right," she said. "I'm finished. This is much as I can do. She'll just give it away, anyway." Rose looked at Allie. "I don't know what to do for somebody that doesn't really care about money."
"Maybe that's what you learned from her," Allie said.
"What?" asked Rose.
"That there are some people who don't. Care about money."
Rose thought about it. "Yeah. And then, what good am I?"
"She likes you anyway," said Allie. "Because you're you."
Rose looked surprised. "I have to think about that."
"Not now," said Allie. "We're leaving." She looked at Rose.
"Oh, all right," Rose said.
They went back to the front room, where everybody else was waiting. Rose held out the piece of paper to Auntie Mims. "This is for you," she said.
Auntie Mims frowned. She looked at Allie. "You told Rose I don't want to know...what I don't want to know?"
"It's a present," Rose assured her. "It's all right. Timmy asked me to give it to you."
"Well then," said Auntie Mims. She took the paper from Rose. "I thank you both. And you all for so much fun."
"We're thankin' you," said Lew.
They all echoed him, and each one of them gave Auntie Mims a hug as they went out the door. "I'm gonna go lie down," said Auntie Mims as they left. "You all remember your Auntie, now. And do right by yourselves. You can always come back."
"We know," said Allie.
The door closed behind them, and they could hear the locks turn.
They went out on the street, and Lew pointed them toward the subway. "So what was that you gave her?" he asked Rose.
"If I tell you, you'll probably go back," she said.
"Nah, we gotta move," he said. "I couldn't stand bein' cooped up there all the time. Tell us."
"It's what Timmy thought up," said Rose. "It wasn't easy for me."
"You told her tomorrow's number," Jay said.
Rose shot him a look and laughed. "I gave her the numbers for the next two weeks!"
Lew stopped walking in mid-stride. He looked back. He reached for Rose's hand, but she skipped away from him, laughing.
"You wouldn't give that to me,” he said.
"You never treated me like Auntie Mims," Rose said. She took Allie's hand and smiled. "Or the way Allie treats me."
Timmy ran up and took Allie's other hand. Rose tried hard, he sent.
"You know it," said Rose.
They looked around. Jay was slouching behind them with his hands in his pockets. "Come on, man," Lew called.
"You guys are like a bunch of kids," Jay said.
"We are!" said Rose. "Come on, Jay. You with us or not?"
Jay sidled up and took Timmy's other hand. "Why not?" he said.
We're your friends! Timmy sent.
"I can hear him," Jay said.
"And he's right," said Allie. It was right, she realized. They were really friends. Maybe nobody else would be friends with her, but now she had some. Tomorrow might be better, just the way Auntie Mims said, because now she had friends. They'd help each other.
She smiled. It was the best thing that had ever happened to her.
