Dream Whispers

By K. L. Bauman

Copyright © 2011 K. L. Bauman

Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




Table of Contents

Prologue
Chapter 1 ~ The Way It Began
Chapter 2 ~ Angel
Chapter 3 ~ Becca
Chapter 4 ~ The Creepy Kasden House
Chapter 5 ~ Lost
Chapter 6 ~ Crash
Chapter 7 ~The Touch
Chapter 8 ~ The Bully and the Hero
Chapter 9 ~ The Picnic
Chapter 10 ~ Oh! The Irony!
Chapter 11 ~ At First Sight
Chapter 12 ~ Fear
Chapter 13 ~ Too Many Questions
Chapter 14 ~ The Locket
Chapter 15 ~ Convictions
Chapter 16 ~ Enough
Chapter 17 ~ The Darkness
Chapter 18 ~ Music Mage
Chapter 19 ~ Dark Spell
Chapter 20 ~ Torn Heart
Chapter 21 ~ Black
Chapter 22 ~ Memory Echos
Chapter 23 ~ The Discovery
Chapter 24 ~ Missing Faces
Chapter 25 ~ Clues
Chapter 26 ~ Ghost Hunter
Chapter 27 ~ Evidence
Chapter 28 ~ Mysterious Gift
Chapter 29 ~ Kayde Harper
Chapter 30 ~ The Basement
Chapter 31 ~ Broken Pieces
Chapter 32 ~ The True Mage Master
Chapter 33 ~ Open Your Heart
Chapter 34 ~ Capturing the Gift
Chapter 35~ Just Sing
Chapter 36 ~ Life
Chapter 37 ~ The Reveal
Chapter 38 ~ Forever
About the Author
Connect with the Author Online



Prologue



His eyes followed the pale, pre-dawn light as it brushed across Becca’s porcelain cheek.  He traced her pink rose-petal eyelids with his ghostly fingers, though his touch was nothing but air against her skin.  His eyes followed the path of his fingers as they trailed the side of her face, over her cheek, along her jaw line, and to her mouth.  Her lips were parted in a pout, allowing her soft breath to escape.  Gentle wisps of strawberry blond hair, that amazing color of a blushing sun, caressed her cheek and neck.  Music played in his mind; Becca’s song—that sweet, haunting melody he heard any time he was with her or even thought of her.  It was music void of words, but filled with a supernatural intensity that drew him to her.
He traced her mouth, wishing desperately he could kiss her, feel her warmth, hold her.  Sadness stabbed him, piercing his transparent skin and cutting his invisible heart like shards of ice.  How could this be happening?
Becca sighed and smiled, causing him to pull away.  After waiting a moment, he leaned close to her ear and, brushing his mouth against her hair, spoke her name; his voice flowed past his lips in a caressing whisper, “Rabecca.”
He gasped when Becca’s eyes snapped open.  Their ice blue color leapt out at him before she lurched upright, passing through his form.  He jolted to his feet in shock.  Had she actually heard him?  His ghostly heart nearly beat its way out of his chest.  (Was his real heart doing the same?)  He watched her cock her head and hold her breath.  She was waiting, listening!
Daring to hope, he whispered her name again.  A sigh of wind whispered through the screen of Becca’s open bedroom window as her name escaped his lips.  Her head jerked toward the sound before she released her breath and flopped back to her pillow.  He stood frozen in anticipation.  Mumbling something about whispering dreams, Becca closed her eyes and breathed evenly.
He slowly released the air from his lungs as hope fled the room. A summer storm rumbled in the distance as it left the area. He felt himself fading.  He tightened his hands in frustrated fists.  Somehow, he had to make her remember.  She had to remember him before it was too late…

*     *     *     *     *     *     *     *     *     *     *     *     *     *     *     *     *

Becca was completely absorbed in a vivid dream—the kind that happens during the first gray light of morning before the sun peeks over the horizon.  She dreamed of her love, his messy hair shining as brilliantly as his mischievous smile.  Mysterious eyes looked into hers.  They laughed as they danced to the sweet spell of an intoxicating song that swirled in the air around them, drawing them closer together. 
The man’s face sobered, and he looked at Becca with an intensity that made her heart forget its purpose.  He touched her heated face with fingertips as cool and soft as a spring breeze.  She remained still, mesmerized as he traced her cheek, her jaw line, and then trailed his fingers to her lips.  He lightly traced her mouth, his feathery touch tickling her.  She smiled and sighed, but then the feeling vanished.
A sudden deep sadness enveloped her as the man leaned close to her ear.  She closed her eyes as his caressing voice whispered…
Becca jolted awake, and for the very brief moment before she lurched to a sitting position, thought she saw the man’s face leaning close to hers.  Cool air washed over her as she cocked her head to the side and held her breath, listening.  She thought she’d actually heard someone speak her name.  
A breeze whispered softly through her open window, and she jerked her head. After staring at her screen for a minute, she released her breath and plopped back to her pillow.  “Dream whispers,” she mumbled as she closed her eyes.  
The enchanting music and the face of the man from her dream quickly dissolved from her memory as she drifted to sleep.




Chapter One
The Way It Began

The wheels of Kayde Harper’s motorcycle slid to one side as they touched crusting slush and ice, throwing him off balance.  He gripped tighter with his gloved hands and made a gentle correction to keep from hitting a snow drift.  What was he doing out here?  Snow blasted against his 2006 Honda Shadow, nearly sending him to the ditch.  In all of his nineteen years, he’d never experienced anything like this.  He’d hated the miserable hot Texas summer days, but at least spring there was tolerable. The weather knew to be warm in the spring back home.
The snow was getting thicker.  His bike seemed to groan as he pushed forward. This is insane! he thought.  The wind gusts pushed against him, threatening to topple him over.  Snowflakes as big as golf balls blurred his vision. A sign a few miles back had alerted him to an upcoming town.  If he could just stay on the road long enough to get there…
If it wasn’t for the stupid, consuming music he wouldn’t be out here.  The thought seemed ridiculous at that moment as a haunting whistle of wind blasted around his helmeted head.  Kayde had grown up in a house engorged with music.  It was part of his family’s DNA—like having a crooked nose or thin lips.  But they weren’t like other families with musical abilities.  Their music carried a kind of power—supernatural-like.  His dad had tried to dig into their history, to find out where this had all begun.  But their genealogies mysteriously cut off at about 130 years back, leaving a million unanswered questions.
Scowling again, Kayde tried not to think about it all.  But he couldn’t escape the music.  It was like a consuming fire.  The more he tried to resist hearing it or tried to avoid its dark influence, the more it seemed to grow, washing over and around him like a raging mudslide, suffocating him.  It haunted him.  Or should he say hunted him?  No matter where he was, it chased after him like a predator ready to pounce and devour. It thrilled him—and terrified him. The things he’d done…
The bike’s engine sputtered, slowing the machine down from its previous .2 mph.  Kayde quickly pulled over to where he thought the side of the road was—who could tell for sure?  Everything was white.  The motorcycle died as Kayde came to a stop.  What now?  He turned the key, attempting to bring the machine back to life, but it only coughed and died again.  Could a motorcycle catch cold?  
Rubbing the snow from the gauges, Kayde groaned.  Could I be more idiotic? he wondered.  The needle on the gas gauge was buried under the ‘E’.  He’d run out of gas in the middle of nowhere during a freak spring blizzard!
After cursing and stomping his feet like a ten year old who’d just had his video game taken away, Kayde calmed enough to remember that sign a ways back.  Glenville, Montana.  A town called Glenville was somewhere close. Why did that name sound so familiar? Had it been one of the towns his dad or grandpa had talked about? He wasn’t sure.
 He should start walking, but he didn’t want to leave his bike.  Someone was bound to come by and see him.  How couldn’t they?  Kayde was the only black thing out here in the middle of a sea of white; black helmet, black coveralls, thick black coat, black gloves, black boots.  He must look like a burnt Stay Puff marshmallow man.  He struggled with zippers and buttons to reach his cell phone.  No service.  Figured.  He stuffed the useless thing back in his puffy pocket.
A faint tune played in the back of Kayde’s mind. He groaned. The sounds of his dad’s music boxes, although magical and beautiful, always carried bubbly emotions or unwanted memories. This was a familiar melody from a music box his dad had made specifically for him.  The last words his dad has spoken to him echoed in his memories.  “I hope you find yourself out there, Son.  I hope you find the answers you’re searching for.  Be careful and know you’re always welcome to come back home. You know we all love you.”
 Kayde swallowed the lump that threatened to form in his throat as his thoughts returned to the present.  He didn’t want to be thinking about home right now.  He needed to get as far away from home as possible. Besides, other than the gear he now wore, his dad hadn’t been any help. He needed to keep going.
A subtle voice whispered in his head, “Where will you run?”
Kayde put on a determined scowl.  He knew exactly where he was going.  He was focused on getting to the Canadian border.  He wasn’t sure why.  Maybe it was because he knew his grandpa had been born and raised in Canada. Maybe Kayde could feel closer to him there—feel the peace and comfort he’d felt before losing the only person who’d ever understood him; the one who’d given him the bike that had carried him all of these miles.  
Or maybe just because it was so different from what he was used to; the opposite end of the States and as far away from Texas and all the suffocating music as he could get.  Too bad he hadn’t been as focused on his gas gauge as he had been on his destination.
The wind picked up, sending biting bits of snow and ice at him.  His body stayed warm enough under all his gear.  But his feet started to feel the chill. Would he stand out there until his toes turned as black as his boots?  Maybe this road trip hadn’t been such a great idea.  But he had no other choice.
Kayde froze—well, not literally.  He became still as music suddenly sounded clearly through the air, mixing in and through the roaring wind.  He jerked his head around, trying to find the source as his heart beat a quick rhythm; nothing but swirling snow in every direction. Great.  Just what I need!  The music grew louder.  Kayde ripped the helmet off of his head, revealing a black (of course) ski mask.  The wind cut through the fabric like tiny knives.  His ears were almost numb before he realized the music was coming from his brain—or something.  It was coming from inside of him somewhere.
Kayde angrily shoved the helmet back on his head, hoping the motion would jar the sound out of his skull.  It didn’t.  He tilted his head back as he closed his eyes and sighed. The music was louder, forcing its way into his mind and heart, into his core.  Kayde attempted to silence it for a moment, but then stopped.  
This music was different.  No music box tinkling or dark images or deep, empty caverns.  A melody played—sweet, intoxicating, and haunting; but haunting in a good way.  Kayde listened more closely as the melody hummed in his ears.  Strange emotions erupted inside of him.  Warmth seeped into his skin and a crazy weightlessness enveloped his body.  Something was drawing him closer.  He could almost see something in his mind’s eye; a form, a presence…




Chapter Two
Angel

“Hello?  Do you need help?” A voice cut through the music and the blasting wind, causing Kayde to jump as he opened his eyes.  How could he have not heard that truck pull up in front of him?  A pair of pale blue eyes stared at him from behind the open window of a silver Ford F150 pickup.  Kayde took a step toward a girl sitting in the truck.  Is she real? he wondered. Those amazing eyes were set on a porcelain face—smooth, white skin, pink cheeks.  Short, blond hair touched with a warm, strawberry color haloed the doll-face and formed soft spikes behind her ears and neck.  She looked like an angel. 
 Maybe she was.
“Uh, yeah.  I ran out of gas—” Kayde started to say.
“What?  I’m sorry, I can’t hear you,” the angel interrupted, leaning out the window, allowing the wind to tug at her hair.
Kayde opened his mouth to speak again, but stopped at the girl’s confused expression.  Oh! You idiot!  A definite dork moment.  He pulled the helmet off of his head and stepped forward, catching a reflection of himself in the back window of the extended cab.  Why was this girl not screaming, stomping on the gas, and leaving him in her powder?  He looked like a text book terrorist!  Kayde quickly ripped the ski mask off, allowing the wind to slap snow and ice against his skin.  It hurt.
 “I ran out of gas. Could I get a ride?  I could sit in the back.  I’m dressed for the weather.”  He didn’t want to freak her out by jumping in cab.  She was his only hope of survival.
The angel’s eyes were wide for a moment, most likely with fear.  But then she laughed and pulled on some thick blue gloves and ear muffs, their color enhancing her eyes.  “You can ride in front where there’s heat.  But let’s get your bike in the back, shall we?”
Yep.  Definitely an angel.  What earthly girl would care about some strange guy’s bike enough to get out in the cold and help him load it in her truck?
As the angel helped Kayde he thought, Okay, one: she showed up out of nowhere just when I needed help--accompanied by strange, sweet music; two: she has perfect, angelic features; three: super strength.  The girl couldn’t have been taller than a twelve-year old, but she was able to help Kayde lift the heavy machine into the truck box with little struggle.  Once they made certain it was secure, (she had bungees with hooks, naturally) Kayde stood and stared at her in disbelief.  The wind and snow had no more power over him as he surveyed this petite miracle. 
The angel gazed back at him, amusement shining in her eyes.  “What? Do I have icicles hanging from my nostrils?” She giggled, her voice sounding like---oh dear Lord! Like the tinkling of a perfectly tuned music box!  Pure beauty.
Kayde shook his head.  “Sorry.”  His mind was too addled to think of anything else to say, so he jumped down from the back of the truck.  The angel followed suit and they climbed into the cab.  A wall of heat struck Kayde, causing his ears to sting.  It was like a thousand tiny insects were biting his lobes.
“My brother has a dirt bike,” the girl said in explanation as she gestured with her head toward the back of the truck.  “But he doesn’t ride much anymore since…” The she said, but her sentence trailed away and sadness washed into her features.  She cleared her throat and put the truck in gear.  Looking into her rear-view mirror, she clicked her signal light on and pulled onto the highway.  Kayde suppressed a snort. The signal was a little over the top, considering no one was within a hundred miles from them.  But then again, angels were probably supposed to always follow the rules.
A brilliant smile replaced the angel’s previous sadness.  “So, where are you heading?  Do you have family nearby?  Is there somewhere I can take you?”
The truck moved slowly, its four-wheel-drive plowing through drifts that had formed along the road.  Kayde was suddenly thankful he’d run out of gas.  He wasn’t sure he would’ve been able to pass through some of those.  “A gas station would be great,” he said, attempting to smile.  His cheeks flamed with embarrassment.  Hopefully, she would think they were just red from the cold.
“You’re not seriously considering riding more today, are you?” Concern caused amazingly cute creases to form between her brows.
The heat was suddenly unbearable inside the cab. Kayde unzipped the top of his coat and cleared his throat.  His voice cracked a little when he answered, “No, probably not.  Is there a hotel nearby?”  
The girl leaned forward to turn the heater fan down.  Her movement sent waves of some unseen energy rippling towards Kayde.  The music started playing in his head again. He pulled at his collar, trying to cool down.
“The hotel burned down earlier this winter.  Some people think it was arson, but others think the cook in the restaurant fell asleep on the job.  He’s kind of the town drunk—uh, when he’s not working. Usually.  But Mrs. Kline has a bed and breakfast just outside of town. She usually doesn’t have much business during this time of the year.  I’m sure she’ll be happy to give you a room.  She’s really nice.  She let me stay with her after my parents died until my brother could get settled and get us a house and everything,” the girl spoke in a rush.
Kayde nodded, though he’d barely heard anything she’d said—except the part about her parents.  He wondered if she felt the way he did over the death of his grandfather.  An all too familiar ached squeezed his heart.  That ache, combined with the intoxicating music swirling around in his head was overwhelming him. He needed air!
“Are you okay?  Oh, I’m so sorry.  I should open a window,” the angel said as she pushed the button to lower Kayde’s window.  Blessed frozen wind washed into the cab, clearing his senses a little.  He resisted the urge to stick his head out the window like a dog.   “I should’ve realized how hot you’d get with all that on,” the girl said.
Breathing in slowly, Kayde nodded and then exhaled as slowly.  “Thanks,” he managed to whisper.  What was the matter with him? 
 He was just tired.  That had to be it.  Too long on the road, too much thinking about the very things he was trying not to think about.  He focused his attention in tracing one of the snaps on his coat with his thumb to keep his thoughts clear.   Neither of them spoke for a several minutes. The girl pulled at a tuft of hair at her neck, twisting the short spike around her finger.  Awkward silence filled the cab.  Eventually, the shadow of a town formed through the swirling snow ahead of them. A sense of foreboding hit Kayde out of nowhere.  He didn’t understand it, so he quickly shrugged it off and focused on the road. 
“Almost there,” the girl spoke.  “Just in time, too.  I think the storm’s getting worse.  I hope you didn’t have to be somewhere by a certain time?” she put a questioning sound at the end of the statement and Kayde shook his head.  The girl’s radiant smile caused waves of heat to wash over him again.  “Good! Maybe we can have lunch or something tomorrow.  I mean, since you don’t know anyone in town and you can’t really go anywhere.  If you want to, that is.  If you don’t that’s okay, too. I don’t want you to feel weird or anything.”  
The previously suppressed snort made its way through Kayde’s nostrils.  He couldn’t feel any weirder than he already did.  The girl’s cheeks flamed and she shifted nervously in her seat.  
They still hadn’t reached the shadowy town when she pulled the truck to a stop in front of a large, cottage style house.  Stones of various shapes and sizes lined the bottom of the two-story building and smoke swirled into the cold from a stone chimney.  Leafless trees mingled with several evergreens as they attempted to shelter the building from the rage of Old Man Winter.  Everything was coated with snow and ice.  The scene looked like something straight out of one of those paintings Kayde’s mother liked so much. 
“Here we are,” the angel said.  “Let’s make sure Mrs. Kline has a spot for you before we get your bike down,” she said as she unbuckled her seat belt.  Kayde had forgotten to use his. He probably wouldn’t have been able to get it around his coat anyway.
“What happens if she doesn’t have a room?” he asked.  
The girl chuckled. “It’s not really a busy season.  But if she is by some strange phenomenon busy, we’ll figure something out.”  She pushed the button to close Kayde’s window, turned off the ignition, and opened her door.  
Stepping out into the storm, Kayde followed the girl up to the bed and breakfast.  A snow covered sign squeaked on hinges as it swung back and forth over the doorway to a porch at the front of the house.  The girl pushed the doorbell button.  They waited.  And waited.  The wind howled.  Snow slapped against them.  Kayde took an impatient step toward the door, but before he could knock, the door swung open, letting heat wash out into the porch.  A tall, slender woman beamed at the angel.  Her short, graying hair danced around the top of her head as the wind played with it.  
“Rabecca!  How nice to see you! What on earth are you doing out in this weather?  Come in! Come in!”  The woman waved them into a large entry way as Kayde’s heart pounded in his ears.  Her name is Rabecca!  Why did that suddenly matter?
A curved stairway trailed into the upper level of the house to their right and a large living area opened to the dining room straight ahead from where they stood.  
Kayde breathed in the smell of spices, trying to distract himself.  Probably a candle.  His mother was fond of scented candles.  Most of them gave him a headache.  This one wasn’t too bad, though. 
             He spotted a piano against the north wall of the living room. The smells and that piano; it was like being transported back in time.  He watched his mother giving incessantly torturous piano lessons to totally tone-deaf kids. He never understood how she could stand it, or how she could continue to be so patient with them.
“Oh, who’s your friend?” Kayde heard the woman ask. Her voice bubbled out of her with a little too much sugar.  He turned his attention to her slightly wrinkled, oval face.  Her light brown eyes shone curiously at him. 
“Mrs. Kline, this is…” Rabecca looked at him blankly, causing the corners of his mouth to curl up.  She was beautiful when she was caught off guard.
“I’m Kayde,” he said and extended his hand, but kept his eyes on Rabecca. She looked at her feet as her cheeks flamed.  The woman’s unexpectedly strong handshake pulled Kayde’s attention toward her.  
“Well, welcome, Kayde. Welcome. It’s a pleasure to meet you, a real pleasure.”
Kayde nodded.  Rabecca spoke again, “Kayde was stranded on the road a few miles out of town.  Do you have any rooms ready that he could rent for a day or two until the storm blows over?”
“Of course! Of course!” the woman sang.  Did she always say everything twice?  Two black cats seemed to materialize out of nowhere as Kayde shifted nervously from one foot to the other.  They rubbed against Mrs. Kline’s legs and then paused to stare up at him with orange eyes.  Kayde swallowed his discomfort as the seconds ticked by; those slit pupils looked like they could see straight into his soul.  Rabecca bent down and stroked the cats’ fur, murmuring something soft and comforting to them before she stood up again. Their loud purring filled the room.
“You can stay in the blue room, Kayde,” Mrs. Kline spoke.  “It’s a bit more masculine—the others are more flowery.”  She smiled and looked down at his and Rabecca’s hands.  Her eyebrows rose, lifting her eyes back to their faces.  “Don’t you have any luggage, dear?”
“Just a duffle bag.  It’s still strapped to my motorcycle,” he turned toward the door.
“Motorcycle?  My goodness!  Well, I can well imagine how you came to be stranded, then,” Mrs. Kline chuckled.  Kayde felt his cheeks heat again.  “Rabecca, I hate to make you be in the cold too long, but could you show Kayde to the garage?  He can put his bike in there for now.  It can keep Harry’s old Indian company.” 
Visions of some poor Native American sitting in the cold garage flashed in Kayde’s mind.  That couldn’t be what she meant though.  Could it? Probably some life-size wood carving, like the ones in the tobacco shops.  He was surprised his dad hadn’t made one of those statues musical yet.
Kayde braced for the blast of cold as he and Rabecca made their way back to her truck.  After unloading the motorcycle, Rabecca helped him push it to the garage.  Someone must’ve shoveled in front of the door there, because no snow drift barred their way.  
Rabecca disappeared around the corner of the garage, and seconds later, the automatic door squealed open, revealing Rabecca inside standing next to a hunter green Pontiac Bonneville.  Kayde quickly pushed his motorcycle out of the wind.  “Over there, I think.” Rabecca pointed toward the back corner of the enormous, immaculate garage.  A cover was draped over what looked like another motorcycle.  
Kayde’s pulse quickened.  Mrs. Kline couldn’t have meant… Could that bike be an Indian?  His grandfather had had one of those—it’d been the first motorcycle Kayde had ever ridden.  “Is that…does she have an Indian motorcycle?”  He put the kickstand down on his own frozen bike and then touched the cover of the other with his chilled fingertips.  He wanted to pull it off so he could see the treasure hidden underneath.
“Yeah.  Well, it was her husband’s.  Henry.  He was pretty cool.  He died about five years ago.  She hasn’t moved it since,” Rabecca said as she came and stood beside Kayde.  The music whispered in the back of his mind again.  He focused on the motorcycle.
“My grandpa used to have one of these.  I wonder if she’d let anyone else ride it.”
“Don’t think so.  She was pretty broken up when Henry died.  Might bring back too many memories,” Rabecca spoke softly. 
“Too bad,” Kayde mumbled before he turned to un-strap his duffle bag from the back of his bike, and then he slung it over his shoulder.  “Uh, thanks, Rabecca, for everything.”
Rabecca’s cheeks flushed a flattering pink.  “Please, call me Becca.  And, you’re welcome.” She smiled at him again, her icy blue eyes shining with contrasting warmth.  “Can you find your way back into the house?”
Kayde nodded but found it hard to want to let her go.  “Is your offer for lunch tomorrow still good?”  What was he doing?  He didn’t want to get too close.  Something weird was going on with her and that strange music, not to mention that foreboding when he’d seen the town. He needed to be running away from that sort of thing, not towards it.  
“Absolutely.  Mrs. K has our number.  Just give me a call.” She pulled up her thick coat sleeve revealing a silver watch attached to her delicate wrist.  “Well, I really have to go.  It’ll be getting dark soon, and Chris will start worrying if I don’t show up.” Kayde hoped desperately that Chris was her brother.  “See you tomorrow!” She said and waved her gloved hand before vanishing like a dream into the blizzard.
Kayde walked slowly after her, basking in the remnants of her sweet energy while he fought to keep from humming a melody he’d never heard until half an hour ago.  Storm or no storm, he had to get away from this town—and, more specifically, he had to get away from Rabecca, or Becca—as soon as possible. He made a mental note to leave first thing in the morning.




Chapter Three
Becca

Becca Snow shivered at the wind howling outside her frosted window.  Wasn’t this supposed to be spring?  Of course, this wasn’t the first spring storm she’d seen, but she was ready for green grass and sunshine.  Especially since she knew the grief she’d get at school; just because her last name was Snow, everyone blamed her whenever a blizzard hit town.  
The wipers were going double-time and still weren’t keeping up too well.  If she didn’t know this area so well, she wasn’t sure she’d stay on the road.
The storm had caught her by surprise coming home from Melstone City. She’d had the sudden urge to shop for (Ha! Ha!) summer clothes, and she’d also promised her best friend and neighbor, Toby, she’d pick a book up for him at the library there.  If she’d checked the weather forecast like any other sane person living in the area, she would’ve tried to find what she wanted at the K-Mart in Glenville—one of the only two stores in town that carried new clothes. (Shopping at second hand stores got old sometimes.)  At least she’d had Chris’ truck.  She would’ve never made it home in her little, brown 1984 Malibu.  She really needed an update in the vehicle department!
She pulled into town, taking a side street that led down a quiet residential area.  The deserted streets were completely covered in white.  She spotted a squirrel racing across the power lines, then it leapt to a tree and disappeared into the trunk.  She felt bad for any animals out in the storm, especially all the birds that had already made it up from the south, ready for summer in the north. 
Finally reaching the end of her street, Becca pulled into the drive of their single level modular home.  The gray house was modest, but cozy, and a blessing considering the circumstances. Becca was glad to be safely back.
After dinner that night, Becca put on her fuzzy slippers and read and drank Chai tea while her brother, Chris, watched a recording of the X-Games.  They talked very little, comfortable with just hanging out.  Becca wondered if she should tell him about the biker; her brother was pretty casual about some things, but this might upset him. He’d been a little over-protective since their parents had died.  She eventually chickened out and went to bed.
 Chris would probably be up late, as usual, going over designs for his latest architectural project.  As far as Becca was concerned, her brother was a genius.  A pang of guilt struck her belly.  Well, she thought, I’ll be graduating soon, and then he can go off to the bigger cities, finish school, and become famous!  It wasn’t fair that Chris had had to care for her when he could’ve been living his dream by now.  Angry tears blurred her vision. How could her parents leave them both?  She forcefully wiped the tears away. She was tired of being angry every time she thought of her mom and dad; but if she pushed away the anger, she had to face the painful, empty hole inside that no one else could fill.
So, she decided not to think about them.  It had been a strange day. She just needed some sleep.
The inviting soft light of her bedside lamp lured Becca to her bed.  She snuggled under her comforter and stared at the ceiling as another gust of wind rattled her window. She hadn’t been the only one caught off guard by the nasty weather that day.  The face of the stranded motorcyclist, Kayde, kept teasing her mind’s eye.  What in the world had caused her to pull over and ask if he needed help?  (Not to mention asking him to lunch!) She’d always been too afraid to do such things in the past.  Stories of murderous hitch-hikers had been drilled into her brain by her parents, making her too terrified to stop and give a stranger help.  
Becca thought of the verse in the Bible about entertaining angels unaware and wondered how many times she’d left an angel standing on the side of the road.  Definitely a test she’d never passed before.
So what was different about this person?  Was he an angel?  Becca giggled to herself.  A motorcycle riding angel—wearing all black! Well, stranger things had happened.  She relived the encounter in her mind, the images flashing from one moment to the next like a slide show.  She’d seen the stranger standing by his bike, his head tilted back as if he was watching the snow fall from the opaque sky.  Maybe that had drawn her to him.  She’d done that many times herself, staring up at the sky as flakes of snow floated down to her from heaven and kissed her cheeks; angel kisses, her dad had called them.  
But something greater had grabbed her attention.  Becca remembered feeling a little nervous when he’d walked toward her, his black ski mask hiding his features.  But with the simple motion of taking that off of his head, Kayde had sent Becca’s emotions whirling.
It had been like a magician lifting the black cloth, revealing something magical and amazing that had been hidden underneath.  The wind had immediately caught his dark brown hair, running its wild fingers through it and messing it up in an attractive way.  Becca remembered gawking at him like a dork as his bangs swept across his forehead above a set of glorious, bright, summer-green eyes.   He was like some rugged drifter you see in the movies, waiting to sweep some ditzy girl off of her feet; which naturally meant she was the ditzy girl!  
Becca suddenly couldn’t remember what the rest of Kayde’s face looked like.  She sat up in her bed and squinted as if she were trying to focus on something through a fog. She tried to concentrate, but her mind kept bringing her attention back to the eyes.  Something stirred inside of her—a strange…. energy? She wasn’t sure how to describe it.  She’d felt that in the truck, too, just before she’d opened the window for Kayde.  
Becca’s heart fluttered.  Something else had happened then, too. She’d been rambling on like a lunatic, telling him the town gossip about the hotel fire.  Once again, not like her at all!  She hated gossip.  She’d been the brunt of it far too much.  Then, she’d gone on about Mrs. Kline and her parents dying.  Again, not something she usually spoke about to people, especially complete strangers.  But earlier with Kayde, she’d felt so relaxed.  For the first time in two years, she’d felt at peace.  She’d even had the urge to start humming some tune that had erupted in her mind.  Becca tried to concentrate again, to remember the song; it eluded her.  
The cold from outside seemed to enter her room and seep into her core.  She hadn’t heard music in her mind like that for two years, either.  Not since the day Chris had stood at the front of the church at their parents’ funeral and released the most beautiful, melancholy song she’d ever heard.  It had cut deep inside, leaving a dark, empty void that seemed to swallow any other music.  She used to mess around writing songs of her own and singing them to herself in front of the mirror.  But nothing ever played in her mind now except deafening silence or frightening images of what her parents’ last moments on earth might’ve been like. 
 Until today; that song, the song that she still felt but couldn’t remember.  Maybe this Kayde really was an angel.  Maybe that was why Becca was drawn to him.  Maybe he was there to help her get past the darkness she’d been living in for so long. She allowed herself to place hope in these thoughts for a few brief moments.
Becca closed her eyes and rubbed them with the knuckles of her index fingers.  I’m losing it!  What was she thinking?  The long day and the storm had addled her brain.   She tapped off her touch lamp and snuggled back into her covers before drifting to sleep as an unfamiliar tune slowly crept into her wandering mind. The music was accompanied by images of an angel disguised as a biker.
Becca stirred the next morning as the biker’s voice caressed her ear.  She smiled to herself as her eyes slowly opened.  Her heart skipped a beat and her lids flew open.  The voice had sounded so real.  She lay still, thinking about the dream whisper—that strange phenomenon where bits and pieces of dreams seemed to come through into the real world as she woke.  Sometimes she heard things, and she’d even seen things from her dreams for a split second before she woke up fully.  
Chris’ cursing drew Becca’s thoughts from her dreams.  She knew something had to be wrong—he hardly ever used bad language.  When Becca sat up to get out of bed, she knew immediately what the problem was.  Her room was as cold as a deep freeze!  She looked over to her clock.  Its face was dark.  She noticed now, too, the lack of humming and buzzing noises that usually accompanied the various electronics throughout the house.  No humming of the fridge, no whirring of the furnace.  It was as cold and quiet as a tomb.  
Running to her closet, Becca pulled her fluffy slippers and bath robe onto her chilled body.  They weren’t quite enough, so she yanked her comforter off the bed and wrapped that around herself like a cocoon.  She shuffled to her window and looked out at the white scene.  The wind had died, but heavy, wet snow continued to fall, pulling on power lines and snapping brittle, over-weighed tree limbs.  If it wasn’t so destructive, it would’ve been beautiful.
Becca waddled like a penguin to her door and walked into the hallway.  Chris met her at his bedroom door, adorned in his own make-shift cocoon.  He’d added a beanie to the top of his head, his blond morning hair sticking out from under it like tufts of straw.  His deep blue eyes rested on Becca.  “Beautiful morning!” he said and gave her a cheesy smile.  At least he was in a decent mood, in spite of the earlier language.
“Just peachy,” Becca replied dryly, her breath forming a small cloud as she spoke. How was she supposed to shower or go to the bathroom?
“I need to get the generator going so we can have some heat,” Chris said.
Becca gave him a quizzical look.  “We have a generator?”
Chris waddled down the hall and toward the front door.  Quicker than Superman, he threw off his comforter and donned a pair of snow pants, coat, gloves, and boots.  “Of course we have a generator.  We’ve always had a generator.”
“But that was at the old house.  I guess I didn’t know we brought it here,” Becca replied.
“Becca, we went through this last winter. I brought the generator over from the old house when we moved in here.” He gave her an ornery smirk. “Aren’t you glad you have me for a brother?  What would you ever do without me?”
Becca rolled her eyes, but couldn’t keep the smile from tugging at her lips.  Her brother really had taken good care of her—even though she was certain he’d never mentioned the generator before today.  He’d given up everything to move back to Glenville and be with her until she finished high school.  Becca gave him an awkward hug through all their puffy attire.  “I’d die a slow and lonely death without you.”
“Got that right!” Chris teased before he pulled away from her and opened the front door.    “Wow.  I don’t think I’ve seen a storm this bad since I was little.  Kinda pretty though, isn’t it?”
Chris and Becca stood in the doorway and gazed up at the falling flakes.  They were fat and lazy.  There were millions and millions of them.  Becca was once again amazed at what God could do; all those flakes and not a single one identical to the other. How was that even possible?  She shook her head and then turned toward the kitchen.  “I’m going to make some hot chocolate,” she said over her shoulder.  Thank goodness for gas stoves—she could start heating water without waiting for the generator to be running.  
“K. I’ll be back in a minute,” Chris replied and then shut the door. 
Later, after the generator was up and running, Becca and Chris worked together to make breakfast.  Chris’ clear tenor voice rang out to the tune playing on the radio as he flipped an enormous pancake that filled a large skillet. Becca loved his UFO pancakes, as they’d dubbed them.  Their dad had started the tradition years ago, and Chris made a point of keeping it up.  It made Becca feel like things were sort of normal.  She gave her brother a warm look as she switched the burner under the bacon pan to ‘off’. 
 As they sat at the table, the radio announced that most of the roads around their area were closed.  Emergency travel only.  Chris shook his head.  “Good thing it’s Saturday.  Most people won’t need to go anywhere anyway.  The temp’s just right to make the snow melt on the road, then freeze it.”
Becca nodded.  She was glad it was Saturday, too.  And she was even happier she’d gotten home before the storm had gotten this bad.  She desperately hoped the biker wouldn’t take her up on her offer to go to lunch. 
Later, when lunch had come and gone without the dreaded phone call, Becca decided to walk the one block down to her best friend’s house.  After telling Chris where she was going, she bundled up and ventured out.  
Their modest town had been transformed into a beautiful fairyland.  The snow had slowed, and the sun was struggling to break free of the clouds, giving just enough light to cause sparkles to dance off of every tree, fence, and flake on the ground.  Becca plowed through the snow a few minutes, enjoying the soft feel of it against her boots.  The temperature was rising, she could feel it.  She stopped and tilted her head back.  The flakes materialized out of the white sky and tickled her nose, cheeks, and lips and stuck to her eyelashes.  Tears stung the backs of her eyes.  Kisses from Mom and Dad.
Everything was quiet; the snow had muffled the sounds of the world, hugging it in a white blanket of peace.  
Something cold and wet suddenly pelted Becca’s right cheek, startling her out of her reverie. 




Chapter Four
The Creepy Kasden House

 As she scowled and wiped the melting snow from her face, a snicker caught her attention.  Toby stood just outside the front door to their old Victorian style home.  His tan, bare feet stuck out from under his navy blue pajama legs.  “Oh, so sorry ‘bout that!  I thought you were a snow troll!” he shouted, referring to one of the hundreds of mythical and fantastical creatures he constantly read about.
“Stop! Or the book gets it!” Becca called back as Toby formed another snow ball between his large hands.  She held up the book she’d previously had tucked under her left arm like a shield and gave Toby a smiling glare.
Toby held up his hands in surrender, dropping the ball.  “There’s no need to be crazy!”
Becca chuckled as she lowered the book.  Toby’s face was so serious, she wondered if he actually thought she’d destroy a public library book.  “You better get inside before you catch cold, Toby,” she scolded as she walked up the freshly shoveled walk-way toward the house.  
The naked rose bushes at the front looked evil with their spiked limbs bared like claws.  On closer inspection, though, Becca could see the small buds that awaited warmer days to open and stretch.  The snow on the bushes helped cover the illusive basement windows.  Becca stifled a shiver.  If her best friend didn’t live here, she would stay as far away from this old house as possible.  There was just something about it—maybe just the fact that it was ancient and God only knew how many people had died there; anyway, it gave her the creeps.  
Becca followed Toby into the elaborate entry.  She removed her coat as Toby shook his black hair and rubbed his red feet on the rug to dry them.  The house might be ancient, but the Kasdens had done extensive remodeling.  New, luxurious rugs covered polished hard wood floors.  Elaborate chandeliers dangled from the ceilings, and expensive, antique furniture filled the rooms until they were almost too cluttered.  An old grandfather clock dolefully chimed the hour.  Not even a speck of dust could be seen anywhere.  How was that normal?
After hanging her coat and removing her boots, Becca turned and smiled at Toby.  He eagerly took the book she extended toward him.  It was titled, “The Magic of Music.” Toby was like a kid at Christmas.  He gave her a dimpled grin and let his sparkling brown eyes rest on her for a moment.  “Thanks.”
“Sure. What’s it about, anyway?”
Toby pressed the book to his chest as he cast his eyes to the floor. “I’m not sure yet.”
Becca just looked at him. She was used to his weirdness when it came to books. He could be a little sensitive.  “Okay,” she said and then followed him toward the stair case.  
Just as Becca’s foot touched the bottom step, a commanding feminine voice trailed to them from another room.  “Tobias?  Is someone here?” 
Toby looked back at Becca and rolled his eyes.  “It’s just Becca, Mother.” He continued to walk up the steps as he caressed the cover of the book like a new found gem.
Before Becca could take another step, Toby’s mom, Catherine, appeared through a doorway that led to the study.  “Rabecca!” The tall, pale-skinned woman glided toward her with a radiant smile and open arms.  Her dark blond hair was neatly swept up in a tight roll at the back of her head, and her dress suit rustled against her skin as she lightly embraced Becca.  “What on earth are you doing out on such a dreadful day?  Hmm?  Not that I mind you coming here, of course!” She gave Becca a wink.  “If it weren’t for you, Tobias would be the loneliest boy on the planet.  If he’d get his nose out of those books and play a sport or join choir at least--”
“MOM!” Toby’s voice shouted from upstairs.  Becca smiled at Catherine.  She knew Toby’s mother meant well, and she’d always treated her as family.  But Becca had heard this routine a million times, and she was sure Toby had heard it a million more.
Catherine pursed her lips before parting them so she could release a frustrated sigh.  Then she turned to Becca, her expression softening slightly.  “Would you care for some hot cocoa, Rabecca?”
“No thank you,” Becca answered, swallowing the urge to end her sentence by saying, “Ma’am.”  Toby’s mom had an air of authority that rang of more sophisticated times and manners.  She wasn’t always comfortable to be around.
“Well, then, I shall return to my tedious paper work.  Genealogies are intriguing, but the work is so dull at times. If you need anything, just call!” she sang and turned on her heal.  Becca was already half way up the stairs before Catherine had re-entered her study.
“Sorry—again,” Toby said as Becca entered his room.
She shrugged.  “No big deal.  You know your mom just wants the best for you.”
Toby snorted loudly.  “You know that’s not true.  She wants me to be something I’m not so I can make her look good.  She wants to control me. She doesn’t really care what I want.”
“How can you keep saying that?  Look around you.  She and your dad have given you everything you’ve ever asked for,” Becca said.  Toby’s room was a stark contrast to the rest of the house—and the only room Becca felt comfortable in.  A brand new, silver laptop rested on a desk straight out of some futuristic sci-fi movie.  The rest of the desk top was covered with scattered books and papers.  A fancy telescope faced the south window, and a huge feather bed swallowed up the north half of the room.  A flat screen T.V. hung above the foot of the bed.  The rest of the walls were covered with shelves which could hardly be seen for all the books they held—mostly sci-fi and fantasy stories. Empty soda cans and candy wrappers cluttered the floor.  Everything was blanketed by a healthy layer of dust.  
“That’s just because they think I’ll try to find my birth parents and leave,” Toby said absent-mindedly as he turned a page of the new book.
“I thought you had found them,” Becca said.  
“Maybe I have,” Toby answered with a raised brow and a sneaky smirk.
“Come on, Toby!” Becca said and threw a pillow at him. “Why won’t you tell me what you’ve learned about them?  I won’t say anything, I promise!”
Toby clamped his mouth shut and slowly shook his head. Why such mystery? He was enjoying keeping her guessing. “Dork!” she said before throwing the other pillow. He dodged it easily.
Well, he would pay for not sharing secret information.  She teased, “So, what’s this book about?  Any new and wild adventures in there?  Strange and unimaginable creatures that might be lurking outside my window or under my bed?”    There had been a time when Toby had believed everything he read.  He’d gone through most of his grade school years terrified of just about anything—even potatoes.  The bullies in the school still called him “Tate”.
“Shut up,” he said as he gave her a crooked, bashful smile.  His cheeks flushed.  “This one might actually have something real.  Well,” he said as his brows came together in thought. “In a way, it could be real.”
“What do you mean?” Becca asked as she flopped onto the soft bed.  The down mattress nearly swallowed her whole.  It was like jumping into a cloud.  She sighed and closed her eyes, smiling.  Must be nice to have a doctor for a dad.  Jack was rarely home, but his wealth supplied his family with luxury.
“Well, have you ever had music affect you?  I mean in a deep way, like magical?”
Opening her eyes, Becca stared at the ceiling. She thought about Chris’ song at the funeral, then quickly shoved it out of her mind before it could make the tears well in her eyes.  “Doesn’t music affect everyone that way sometimes?” she mumbled.
She could see Toby sitting at his desk from the corner of her eye.  His head turned and she knew he was looking at her.  She turned her head and met his tender eyes.  “Sorry, Becca.  I forgot about that particular song.”  He lowered his gaze for a moment, but then continued.  “What I mean is… Well, maybe I’m not sure yet what I mean.” He returned his focus to the book.  “I’ll figure it out after I read this.”
“Let me know, then,” Becca answered.  She closed her eyes again.  Like a phantom, the face of Kayde the biker-angel formed in her mind.  It suddenly came into strikingly clear focus.  Becca gasped and sat up.  The vision faded as she opened her eyes.  Toby looked at her with a lifted brow. 
“You weren’t asleep already, were you?  I mean, you just closed your eyes!  Don’t tell me you were experiencing one of those dream whisper things again.” He looked almost hopeful.  Toby found her experiences of hearing and seeing pieces of her dreams in reality as she woke fascinating.
Becca grunted in frustration.  Why hadn’t she just stayed still?  Now the face had faded again.  She looked at Toby.  She had the sudden need to confess to somebody, to talk to someone about yesterday.  “I didn’t have a dream whisper.  I wasn’t dreaming, I don’t think.  Anyway, when I was coming home yesterday, there was this biker—like motorcycle biker—stranded on the side of the road.”  She re-counted the entire ordeal, except for the whole weird energy thing.  Her voice involuntarily became more and more excited as she went on until Toby finally stopped her.  
“Whoa!  Slow down.  You’re slurring your words together again.  Take a deep breath and calm down so I can understand you.”  Becca had this bizarre problem since she was little of talking too fast and slurring her words together when she was excited. It had always made her brother laugh, but was frustrating to most other people. She did as Toby asked and finished the story as calmly as she could.  When she was done, a thought struck her. 
“Oh, my gosh!  What if I was slurring when I was talking to him on the way into town?  No wonder he looked so freaked out!  He probably thought I was mentally challenged!”
Toby stared at her for several minutes, his mouth hanging half open.  When he realized what he was doing, he snapped his lids and his jaw shut, and then slowly opened them again.  “Becca, you picked up a complete stranger—a biker no less—and you’re worried you might have slurred when you talked to him?  You’re lucky you weren’t attacked and then left for dead on the side of the road!” He placed the book on top of the mess of papers on his desk and strode over to her.  He put his hands on her shoulders and squeezed until it hurt.  Looking firmly into her eyes, he said, “Don’t ever do that again!”  
Toby’s dark beige face had turned pale and his brows were set in a v-shape.  Becca swallowed, feeling ashamed, but also irritated.  “I’m sorry, Toby.  But nothing did happen.  And I knew somehow that nothing would happen. There was just something about him…” She let her sentence trail away at the intense look in her friend’s eyes. 
Toby sighed and lowered his arms, allowing his visage to soften slightly.  “I mean it, Becca.  Mom was right about one thing—I don’t know what I’d do without you.  And I don’t want to ever have to find out.  You’re the only true friend I have.  You’re the only person I trust.”
Becca’s heart softened and she stood to give Toby a hug.  His thin but muscular arms wrapped completely around her and held her tight for a moment, smooshing her face against his chest.  “And you are the best friend I’ve ever had, Toby.  I promise to be more careful.”  They parted and she said, “But I’m not you’re only true friend.  What about Ryan? You two are always hanging out.”
A goofy giggle gurgled out of Toby’s throat as he nodded.  “Ryan!  Yeah, he’s a good friend.  But he’s a lot older than us, and I don’t spend nearly as much time with him as I do with you.”
“Whatever!  You two have been out chasing phantoms every weekend lately. Glenville’s own ghost detectives.”  Becca giggled.
“Hey, Ryan is, in my opinion, one of the sanest people in Glenville.  Even if everyone thinks he’s a freak.  He saw what he saw, and if he wants to use science to prove the existence of ghosts, then I want to help.  I find it fascinating.”
Becca’s lips curled into a soft smile.  “Is that really the reason?  Or is it just so you can use all his high-tech gadgets?”
Toby’s face flushed back to a deeper shade as he shrugged.  “Maybe.” 
After talking, listening to music, playing a couple video games, and talking more, Becca decided it was time to go home.  The snow had stopped, and the setting sun sent ribbons of vibrant, sparkling color across the sky and over the creamy snow-covered ground.  The temperature felt even warmer, too, and Becca was sure the softening snow would be gone by the next evening.
The beauty of dusk was accompanied by the sweet sound of spring bird song; robins sent out their shrill calls, answered by the distinct whistling of meadow larks and the soft cooing of turtle doves.  A flock of geese flew overhead in their signature v-formation, adding their honking tones to the mix.  Involuntarily, Becca smiled and began humming.  Her voice grew louder with each step, though she wasn’t fully aware of what she was doing.  She took a few paces in this state before stopping dead in her tracks.  A tickling sensation softly pressed against her back.  Gasping, she spun around as the rumbling sound of a motorcycle engine struck her ears before it stopped abruptly. 
Becca squinted into the fading light; but no one was behind her. Her heart pulsed in her finger tips as fear crept in.  Nothing caught her attention except for Toby’s house looming in silhouette against the setting sun.  Its glowing windows looked like staring, yellow eyes.  Becca shivered before she turned and ran back to her house.




Chapter Five
Lost


Kayde frantically tossed his clothes around the room in search of his wallet. Where could it have gone? He dug through the pockets of his coveralls, his coat, his jeans.  It was nowhere to be found.  He stood and stared out the window, trying to think when he’d last used it. His driver’s license was in his duffle bag, but all his money and his debit card were in the wallet. He must’ve lost in when he pulled out his cell from his coat yesterday.  Fat chance of ever finding it now.
Water droplets covered the window. It was warming up at least. Maybe the roads would be clear soon; by tomorrow, at least. But if he couldn’t find his wallet, he couldn’t get gas and get out of this God-forsaken place.   
Sighing, Kayde turned and made his way out of the room and down the stairs. His mind wandered to different combinations of notes—ones that would allow him to get Mrs. Kline, or anyone, to hand over some cash until he could find his wallet.
Stopping halfway down the stairs, took a deep breath and squeezed the wooden banister until his knuckles turned white.  He couldn’t let that kind of music take over. The whole reason for this trip was to not use dark music. He closed his eyes and worked on calming down and blocking the dark notes threatening to overtake his mind.
After a moment, he relaxed enough to open his eyes, only to tense again. He caught the yell that almost burst from his throat. 
“Oh, sorry dear. I didn’t mean to startle you,” Mrs. Kline said, looking up at him from the foot of the staircase.  “I was just wondering if you would like to use up the gas that’s in my gas can in the garage. It’s been sitting awhile, but if you need it, I’d really appreciate you taking it. I don’t think I’ll ever get it used up otherwise.”
Was she serious? Kayde just stared at her, his mouth hanging open.
“Are you alright, dear,” she asked. Concern washed over her features as she took a step up.
Kayde quickly snapped out of his shock and made his way down toward her. As he came closer to her she smiled again. “I do have a condition,” she said, her cheeks reddening. “For payment for the gas, could you please fix the sink in the bathroom down here?” Her eyes were pleading now. “I’ve called and called the plumber, but he always has bigger projects that need his attention. It’s very simple; it’s just, I can’t get down under there anymore and take care of it myself.”
He was no plumber, but if she was willing to give him gas so he could leave, he’d agree to anything. He shrugged and answered, “Sure.”
Mrs. Kline clapped once, her face beaming. “Oh, that will be wonderful, just wonderful! Thank you dear.  I’ll show you where the gas can is.”
After she donned a heavy coat, Kayde followed Mrs. Kline out to the garage. “Here we are!” she said as she reached under a work shelf on the opposite side of the garage from the house.  She pulled out a large can of gas. Her two cats had followed them out, and were rubbing on Kayde’s legs, purring loud enough to wake the dead. They kept looking up at him, those creepy yellow eyes searching him.  
“Oh! They like you, Kayde.  They always know a good person when they see one! They always do!”
Well, one thing was certain, her cats were poor judges of character!
 The gas was right for the Shadow, so he filled it up, made the excuse he wanted to warm it up a bit, and got on.  Mrs. Kline waved happily as he left the garage. 
Kayde sloshed his way through the town of Glenville on his Shadow, grumbling beneath his helmet as he went.  He’d wanted to be far away from this place by now.  But the sun was setting and he was still here.  The bad mood was settling on him again.  He was going to have to call his dad about his wallet later. That was enough to get send him into darker places.
Glenville was a speck of a town compared to Austin.  He passed two grocery stores, one post office, a grade school with an enormous playground, and various small shops.  A bridge carried him over a swelling river to the other side of town.  The high school, a couple banks, fast food joints, churches.  Nothing exciting.
Kayde turned down a residential street as the sun cast contrasting colors over the surface of the pale snow and through the clearing sky.  The bike’s wheels sloshed through some brown slush, splashing Kayde’s boots and legs.  Stupid snow.  He’d definitely had his fill of it.  He didn’t see what all the hype was.  Maybe at Christmas, it’d be cool; but this was a mess.
A sweet breath of wind carried the purity of a clear sound to him, sliding gracefully toward him like a dove on a current.  It was soft and gentle, but powerful enough to cut through the bike’s roaring engine and reach under his helmet.  He brought the bike to an abrupt stop, his heart pounding.  It’s that song again!  He pulled the helmet off and killed the engine.  Everything was eerily quiet for a moment before birds started singing their lungs out at him.  He waited a minute or two, straining to hear what he thought he’d heard a moment ago over their noise.  It wasn’t long before he was ready to shoot every bird within city limits.
Kayde shook his head.  I was hearing things. He revved up the Shadow, replaced his helmet, and headed back to Mrs. Kline’s. Most of the way back, that strange foreboding followed him. This place was seriously messed up somehow, and he wanted nothing more to do with it.
Later, after dodging Mrs. Kline and her feline companions, Kayde made the dreaded phone call.  Why did he have to lose his wallet?  He didn’t want to call home.  He’d asked for money too many times in the past when he’d blown all his on something stupid.  This was going to be less than pleasant. 
Pressing the speed dial on his cell phone (which at last had service), Kayde took a deep breath and exhaled slowly as the ringback tone on the other end sounded in his ear.  Phantom of the Opera.  His dad joked all the time that the Phantom was one of their long lost relatives.  That was how he was able to seduce Christine with his music.
“Kayde!  How are you, son?” his dad’s exuberant voice boomed in his ear, cutting the music off midstream.  
“Good.”  No reason to beat around the bush.  Just get it over with.  “Listen, Dad, I lost my wallet yesterday in a freak snow storm.  Is there any way you could wire me some money tonight so I can get going in the morning?”
There was a big sigh and then a long, uncomfortable silence on the other end.
“No,” came the blunt reply.
Kayde’s stomach knotted and his ear tips felt hot.  “I need the money, Dad.  I’m not lying.  I really did lose my wallet!”  His voice was streaming out in an angry crescendo.  But through his irritation, he realized how lame he sounded.
“Calm down, Kayde.  I won’t wire you the money.  But if you can stay put for a month and prove to me that you can earn money on your own, I’ll send you a new debit card.  I’ll even put extra money in your account.  Which, by the way, I better call the bank and let them know you lost your current card.”
Kayde tried to breathe slowly, hoping he’d calm enough to make the red clear from his vision.  He couldn’t stay here a month!  But his dad was the primary on his checking account—another reminder of past failures.  He was also good friends with the entire banking staff, and they all knew Kayde’s history.   If his dad called the bank and told them not to send him a card, they wouldn’t.  Through gritted teeth, he spoke, “I can’t stay here.”
“Just give it a try--”
Cutting him off, Kayde shouted into his phone, “I can’t stay here!  You don’t understand!” His voice took on a dark calm as he continued, “If you don’t send the money, I’ll just sing my way out of this place.”  
Another sigh followed by silence.  Kayde ran his free hand through his greasy hair.  He realized he hadn’t showered for a few days.  He scratched irritably at the stubble that had grown along his jaw.
“Look, Kayde.  Your mom and I didn’t like the idea of you running off on your own.  We care for you and we worry.  But you left, we thought, with the intention of finding your own path, to get away from using your gift for the wrong purposes, to get free from the darker music.  Well, here is your chance.  Don’t be a slave to that temptation.  Get a job, work with your hands.  Find your purpose.”
Anger, desperation, and hopelessness caught Kayde’s words in his throat.  His dad just didn’t understand.  No one did.  No one could.
“Where are you?  Mom wants to send you a care package when you get settled,” his dad stated with sudden, contrasting cheeriness.
So this battle was over.  Just like that.  Kayde knew singing would do nothing to help him now.  His persuasions didn’t work on his family.  Visions of singing to one of the bank tellers started playing in his mind.  The banks were small here.  They should be easy to rob—and none of them knew his history or were friends with his dad.  The music in his mind starting playing a dark rhythm.
“Kayde?” his dad’s voice broke through his musings.
“Uh, I’m at a place called Glenville in eastern Montana.”  
Another long silence followed, continuing long enough for Kayde to wonder if they’d lost the connection.  “Dad? You still there?”
“Yeah.  Yeah, I’m here.  I know the town.  Your mother and I lived about seventy miles from there right after we were married.”
Silence again.  
“Dad, you okay?”  Kayde had a peculiar feeling that his dad was nervous about something.  Could he read his mind?  Did he sense what Kayde had been thinking moments ago? 
“Yeah.  I’m good.  Call me in a couple days.  Let me know how it’s going.  And, Kayde, be careful out there.”
 The conversation came to a close shortly after, leaving Kayde frustrated—and curious.  What was up with his dad suddenly getting all weird?  He thought about those strange feelings he’d had twice since coming to Glenville. Did his dad know something about this place that made him nervous?
Kayde shrugged it off and flopped back on the bed, placing his hands behind his head.  He stared at the ceiling, his mind swarming with ideas of how to get away from Glenville by morning.  He made up his mind to use his ability, just once more. Slowly, he drifted into a fitful sleep.  




Chapter Six
Crash

The smell of bacon and fresh brewed coffee woke Kayde the next morning.  His stomach made an eager sound in response to the mouth-watering aroma.  Mrs. K might be annoying and bubbly, but at least she could cook.
Kayde took a quick shower and shaved before heading downstairs.  His pulse quickened as he thought of a song to get out of fixing the other bathroom sink this morning.  His bag was packed and ready to go.  He’d eat breakfast first, though.  No need to leave hungry.
As he walked past a half closed door near the bottom of the stairs, Kayde could hear Mrs. K’s voice.  Was someone else here?  He stepped closer, peaking through the doorway.  He was less than surprised to find no one else in the room.   Mrs. K sat at a small desk, her back to him. She was probably talking to her stupid cats.  
Losing interest, Kayde took a step toward the kitchen.  But then, Mrs. Kline’s words trailed out of her room with sudden, strange clarity.  Her smiling voice spoke, “Oh, and could you please help the young man staying here—Kayde?  He looks like he could use a hug!  Amen.”
The words caught Kayde off guard.  He suspected that his parents prayed, but he never really gave it much thought.  He definitely never expected a complete stranger to think of him while talking to a Higher Power.  Guilt seeped into his conscience through some crack in his defenses.
No! Not now, not here! He fought with the guilt, trying to shove it back into the hole it’d escaped from.  But, for whatever reason, it was strong today.  He sighed heavily, dropping his chin so he could rub the back of his neck.  While disgusted with his emotions, he knew without doubt that he’d be trying to fix a sink before he left that morning.  Why hadn’t the old bag just gone to church or something and left him in peace?
That afternoon, Kayde rode into town toward the hardware store.  He hadn’t noticed it yesterday on his little tour, but Mrs. K had said it was next door to one of the grocery stores and that it was open Sunday afternoons.  And, of course, she was right.  A large, one story building with a huge red sign indicated the hardware store.  How could he have missed it?  
Kayde backed the Shadow into a parking spot in the store’s small lot facing the road that led to the grocery store next door.  He dodged the streams of water pouring off of the roof from melting snow as he walked the length of the sidewalk, but still managed to get water all over his leather jacket.  He cursed and brushed water off of his shoulder as he entered the building.  
He stood inside the doorway, allowing his eyes to adjust to the dimmer light.  Once he could see clearly, Kayde wondered if he’d entered the right store.  Homey, country style knick knacks covered shelves next to dozens of neatly packaged toys.  Sales racks marked for clearance filled with coats, shirts, and snow pants lined some of the walls.  Shoes, boots, and gloves filled more shelves.  Where was the hardware?
“Hello!  What can I do ya for today, sir?” a friendly voice drew Kayde’s attention to a round man with a graying beard.  He wore a flannel shirt and actually had suspenders holding up his pants.  The guy could seriously play Santa Claus.
Without returning the man’s brilliant smile, Kayde answered, “Uh, is this the hardware store? I need these parts for Mrs. K—I mean, Mrs. Kline.”  He handed the man the paper that had written what he’d need to finish fixing the sink.  He was still mad that he’d let himself get roped into this project.  However, he’d found the job much easier to do than he’d thought it would be.  “She said to charge it to her account,” he told the man.
“Ah, you must be the young man staying at her house.  Betty called to let me know you were comin’.  Follow me.  We’ll find these and get ya goin’.”
The man quickly found what Kayde needed, jotted the items down to charge Mrs. Kline, and sent Kayde on his way. 
The sun assaulted his vision as he stepped out into the ever warming day.  The water was streaming faster off of the roof tops now, and gurgling streams ran down streets and into sewer drains.  Birds chirped and fluttered around in spring frenzy as they readied their nests and chased their mates.
Kayde mounted his bike and started it, making sure to rev the engine loud enough to drown out the birds’ infuriating noise.  He moved the bike slowly forward and then stopped near the road to check for passing cars.  He needed to go back to the B & B and fix that sink and---
As Kayde turned his head, his vision caught the form of the angel from the storm leaving the grocery store next door.  He watched her walking as if he were under a spell.  A tall, blond man walked with her toward her silver truck; the sight of him with her made Kayde’s blood burn under his skin.  A wild jealousy roused in him over this girl that was practically a stranger.
Then, that music, the song, hit the inside of Kayde’s skull with insane fierceness.  In a breath and a heartbeat, Kayde unwittingly revved the engine and released the brake, throwing his bike forward with sudden lurch.  The front end of the Shadow lifted off the ground as the rear tire squealed, releasing a cloud of blue smoke; the bike jolted toward the road which now carried a passing car away from the grocery store.  Kayde could see what was coming, but was helpless to stop it.  
The front wheel of the bike smashed into the passing police cruiser; Kayde was flung forward in a summersault and slammed onto his back against the metal hood of the car. The cruiser screeched to a stop, throwing Kayde off the hood and onto the unforgiving pavement.  He realized the folly of not wearing his helmet today as his head smacked on the hard ground. At least the leather jacket saved the skin on his back and arms.  He groaned in pain and dismay as he heard the grisly crunch of his bike falling to the same, relentless earth.  
Before he could process what was happening, two strong hands grasped the front of his jacket and pulled him roughly off of the ground.  His body lifted, and then descended in a whoosh of air.  For the second time, his back smashed into the hood of the cruiser.  The face of an angry young man came within inches of his, his sour breath hot in Kayde’s face.  The man’s brown hair hung over his tall forehead toward a set of steely gray eyes.  He curled his lips over incredibly straight teeth and snarled at Kayde.  
“What do ya think you’re doin’, punk?”
Kayde scowled back at him.  He wanted to release all of his fury on this person, to sing a dark and evil song.  It wasn’t just his broken bike or the way the guy was handling him; he’d dealt with the law often enough in the past. There was something else about this policeman that made Kayde’s insides flame.  With forced calmness, he said, “Get your hands off of me…now.”
The sweeter song from the angel was still swirling in his mind.  That song and the darker emotions attacking him suddenly clashed inside his skull, creating an instant blast of light and pain.  He raised his palms to his temples, pressing as he squeezed his eyes shut and growled from shock and pain.
Through the throbbing, he heard distant voices.  Another man was talking.  “Terrance!  Let him go.  It was an accident.  We saw the whole thing.”
Then the voice closer to him—the policeman, Terrance, “But, look at him!  He’s on drugs or something.  He’s freakin’ out!  Besides, he dented my fender.”
Despite the man’s words, Kayde felt Terrance release his jacket.  Kayde slid to the ground, still pressing his temples and struggling to gain control of the contrasting music battling in his brain.  He tried to speak, to beg someone to knock him out or rush him to the hospital, but his voice was lost to the shouting noise that only he could hear.
“Kayde?” This voice was softer, tenderer, but it cut through all other sounds like a sunbeam through a snow ball.  Kayde forced his eyes open a sliver.  Through blurred vision, he could see Becca leaning over him.  “Are you okay?”  Her voice calmed him slightly more, but he couldn’t answer her—not yet.  If he opened his mouth, he feared he’d release some hideous song that would cause a nightmarish catastrophe.
Becca’s blurred form knelt beside him. He could hear the blond man and Terrance arguing, but he didn’t pay them much attention.  His eyes were fixed on his angel.  She reached out tentatively, pausing before allowing her hand to rest softly over one of his.  
Kayde gasped—and so did Becca.  All music had stopped and the headache had vanished at her touch.  Kayde was engulfed in a cloud of peace.  He neither felt angry nor afraid.  He didn’t know what it meant, but he knew he never wanted Becca to stop touching his hand.  
Had she felt it too?  Her beautiful eyes were wide and wondering, staring into his in a curious state of shock.  In simultaneous, trembling whispers, they both asked, “How did you do that?”




Chapter Seven
The Touch

Becca’s hand seemed welded to Kayde’s.  Her heart pounded in her chest, but the sound of it was lost under the music that erupted in her mind and heart when her fingertips had touched Kayde’s hand.  The deep darkness that had been her captor for so long had suddenly vanished.  Her soul had burst open to powerful, beautiful light; and the music, that song she knew she’d heard somewhere before, played so clearly that, if she’d had a pen and paper and could write fast enough, she could’ve scrawled out the notes to the entire song in a split second.
He’s magic!  That was Becca’s only thought. It was crazy, she wasn’t thinking clearly.  But it was the only way her mind could explain what was happening.   She and Kayde continued to stare at each other, eyes and mouths gaping.  Could he hear the song, too?  Did he feel it?  Did he feel that strange energy that grew more powerful with every second they touched?  She looked into his green eyes as if the answers to her questions could be found within their awestruck gaze.
“Becca?  What’s that matter?  Are you okay?”  Chris’ worried voice broke through the song still playing in Becca’s mind.  She couldn’t get herself to move.  Chris knelt beside her and grabbed her shoulders, pulling her away from Kayde.  
“No—” she started to say.  She didn’t want the connection to break, she didn’t want the darkness to come back.  She savored the music, and she savored Kayde’s touch.  But as her hand left Kayde’s, she found the melody still echoing in her mind, giving her a quiet peace that had been missing until then.  She smiled at Kayde before Chris took his hand and forced Becca’s face towards his.  His features were tight with concern.
“I’m okay, Chris.”  Becca resisted the urge to laugh, but she couldn’t keep the beaming smile from her lips.  “I’m really okay!” she said more excitedly.  Chris eyed her warily before glancing over at Kayde.  “Oh, Chris, this is Kayde.  He’s…a new friend of mine.  Kayde,” she said looking at him, “this is my brother, Chris.”  She thought she saw Kayde’s shoulders relax.  He smiled slightly and nodded at Chris.
“This is all real pleasant, but what’s this jerk going to do about my fender?  Do you even have insurance?” Kayde’s back stiffened at the sound of Terrance’s bitter voice.  Becca stood abruptly, and then spoke to Terrance as Chris helped Kayde to his feet. She had peculiar urge to defend Kayde; she reminded herself of the Border collie they’d had when they were kids.  That dog had put herself between the kids and danger on several occasions, guarding her brood with bristled hair and bared teeth.
“He wouldn’t have such a nice bike and no insurance, Terrance,” she said irritably.  He looked at her, his gray eyes taking on a hungry look for a moment; his light brown hair dance wildly on the fingers of a breeze. His muscular frame seemed taut, like an animal ready to pounce.  Becca shifted uncomfortably from one foot to the other.  She hated it when he looked at her like that.
Kayde had his arms crossed over his chest, his brows furrowed.  He spoke, drawing Terrance’s attention back on him, “I lost my wallet yesterday in the storm.  But my insurance is under my dad’s name—Reed Harper.”
Harper. Kayde Harper. The name whispered in Becca’s mind, making her smile.
“Oh, so riding without proof of insurance and without your license?” Terrance’s face was taking on an ornery gleefulness.  He didn’t get much action in Glenville and this was like hitting the jack pot.
But Kayde had pulled his license from his back pocket.  He handed it to a disappointed policeman.  “I had it in my duffel bag on my bike,” Kayde said as Terrance ripped the card from Kayde’s hand.  
Terrance shook the card at Kayde, giving him a stern look, “I’ll just check this out.  We’ll see if you have insurance.”
“Am I allowed to pick up my bike, Sir?” Kayde said, sounding extremely disrespectful. 
Becca swallowed a lump of nerves.  Was he trying to get arrested?  Terrance glared back at him for a moment, looked at Becca, and gave Kayde a curt nod before disappearing into his cruiser.
Chris and Becca helped Kayde lift the motorcycle from the wet pavement as passers-by gawked.  A few bits of metal and broken glass clattered as they fell away from the damaged Shadow.  Becca’s heart sank at Kayde’s dismal groan.  She looked at him sympathetically, but couldn’t think of anything helpful to say.  She knew from watching Chris with his dirt bike how attached a guy could get to his motorcycle. 
 Kayde’s face revealed pain deeper than just a broken toy or hobby, though.  Becca wondered what story the bike carried with it to cause such sadness.
“It’s not so bad,” Chris spoke up encouragingly.  “A few dings.  If you let me, I could help you get it fixed quickly.  I know a good place to get parts.”
Becca looked hopefully at Kayde.  The guy just scowled and shook his head.  He looked like he was about to say something sour to Chris, but pressed his lips together before releasing a heavy sigh.  Finally, he looked up at Chris.  He didn’t smile, but his mumbled words caused a stupid giddiness to tickle inside Becca’s belly.  “I’d appreciate that.”
Terrance returned, his expression grumpy.  “You do have insurance, but I’m still ticketing you for no proof on your person.” He quickly scribbled out a ticket, ripped it out of the booklet with exaggerated force, and handed it to Kayde.  Terrance didn’t take his dark glare off of Kayde until he got in the cruiser and drove away.
The next day, Becca stood shyly by while Chris and Kayde worked on the Shadow in Mrs. Kline’s garage. The two guys seemed to hit it off right away, much to her delight. Of course, talking bikes drew them together, and it wasn’t long before they were lost in the world of motorcycles.  Occasionally, Chris would ask her to hand him a tool. After a while, Kayde surprised her by asking her to hand him a wrench.
A peculiar flutter tickled her tummy as she handed him the tool.  Kayde absentmindedly reached back, his attention still on the bike. The cold metal seemed to heat when his hand touched the wrench, his fingers curling gently over hers at the center.
Kayde stopped what he was doing and turned his head suddenly toward her. The music danced in Becca’s mind, swirling through her thoughts and emotions like silky tendrils of light.  After a few moments, they found each other smiling.  Becca felt her cheeks flush, suddenly aware that Chris had turned to see what was going on. Reluctantly, she let go of the wrench. Chris cleared his throat, drawing Kayde’s attention back to their work. But the feeling, and the music, kept time in Becca’s heart.
The days that followed were strange and exciting.  Becca had thought Kayde to be so dark and mysterious before—that was alluring enough.  Now, she was seeing a different side to her biker friend.  He smiled more. He seemed curious and bashful at times. He even laughed occasionally when he and Chris worked on the Shadow.  And, he often looked at Becca with an intensity that caused her heart to beat at least three times faster than usual.
However, she was disappointed that all the time she spent near him was only when Chris was helping him with the Shadow. She had to find a way to get closer, to find some time alone with Kayde and find out what all the crazy music was about.  
Becca relayed her plans to Toby after school one day. She’d been toying with the idea of asking Kayde out to dinner. Toby was less than enthusiastic about the idea; he still didn’t trust Kayde.  Gossip had sprouted all over town, started by Terrance, Becca was sure, but Toby was taking a lot of it to heart. 
“I don’t like this, Becca,” Toby told her as they walked to his green, 1979 Plymouth Duster.  At least her Malibu wasn’t that old.  Toby’s car had a brand new engine, but the frame was dented and in desperate need of a paint job.  Just another thing he used to irk his mother.  She would have him driving the shiniest, sportiest, newest model in existence if Toby would’ve allowed her to buy it for him.
All traces of snow had vanished and the sun smiled in the sky, warming the air to a perfect sixty five degrees.  “What if Kayde really did mean to ram Terrance’s car?  He ran a background check on him, you know.  He doesn’t exactly have a perfect record.” Toby stuffed the book he’d been carrying into his back pack and flung the pack over his shoulder.  A puff of spring breeze ruffled dark hair over his worried eyes.
Becca scowled.  “Toby, you of all people should know not to listen to gossip!  Terrance would say anything bad about anyone who showed any interest in me other than friendship.  You know this.”
They’d nearly reached Toby’s car.  He watched his own feet as they walked.  “Maybe,” he mumbled.  Becca could tell he wasn’t convinced.
“Hey, Tate!” a gruff voice shouted across the crowded parking lot.  The chatter of people on cell phones mixed with the revving of engines as the throng of spring-fevered teens left school.  
“Just ignore him, Toby.  Get in the car and let’s go!”  Becca said.  Gabe Foster, the bully of Glenville High, strode toward them with eager strides. His tall, wide frame loomed over the other kids as he sauntered their way. His greasy, dark brown hair hung in his eyes as he glared with ugly pleasure at his favorite victim.
Why does there always have to be a bully?  Becca’s hand was on the passenger side handle of the Duster when Gabe caught up with them.  
“Hey, Tate.  You dropped this back there,” Gabe said.  Becca watched as Toby mechanically turned to see what he could’ve possibly dropped.  Gabe held up a piece of notebook paper; chaotic writing and illustrations covered both sides.  
Toby’s face paled, but he spoke evenly.  “Thanks, Gabe.”  He reached out for the paper and, typical of Neanderthal behavior, Gabe snatched it out of Toby’s reach just as he was about to touch it.  
“Oops!  Sorry, must’ve slipped!” He lowered the paper again, laughing as a couple of his brainless cronies—Tim and Greg—strode up behind him, eager as dogs to see what all the fun was about.  Toby didn’t move.
“Leave him alone, Gabe,” Becca sighed.  Seriously, didn’t he ever get tired of being an idiot?
“Awe, Becs, just having a little fun.  It’s spring!  School’s almost over and then what will I do for fun without my wittle Tate?”  Toby’s face had gone from pale to burning red as Gabe wrapped his arm around Toby’s neck and squeezed in mock affection.  He kept the paper in the other hand, out of Toby’s reach.
Becca’s skin prickled. She detested the nickname Gabe had given her.  Although she could think of a few names that would better suit Gabe.  She scowled and strode over to the other side of the car, keeping her angry gaze on the bully.  His friends jeered behind him, “Ooh, Gabe!  You’re in trouble now!”  Nervous, Becca continued to stride toward Toby’s captor.
She stopped and stood five inches in front of Gabe, her nose only as high as his chest, just above his already forming beer gut; she glared up at him, attempting to hide her growing fear.  “Let him go and give him the paper,” Becca said between gritted teeth.  
Gabe laughed down at her.  “Make me, midget.”
“Becca, it’s okay. Just let it go.  I’ll be fine,” Toby’s voice wavered and Becca knew he was worried for her sake.  He’d taken beatings from Gabe in the past but Becca had never seen it happen. Gabe taunted Toby in class often enough, but the coward had always waited until Toby was alone to do the beating. The thought of him hurting her friend enraged Becca.  
Without a word, she stomped on Gabe’s foot, throwing all her weight into her heel.  She backed quickly away as he doubled over and howled with pain, bringing Toby forward with him.  The paper crumpled in Gabe’s other hand as his two thugs asked if he was okay.  Frenzied butterflies fluttered in Becca’s stomach. What had she just done?
Gabe looked up at Becca from his hunched position.  Toby was still struggling to break free of his vice-grip.  Slowly, Gabe’s face turned from an expression of pain to one of evil delight.  “Just for that,” he breathed before swinging his fist, which still held the crumpled paper, and punched Toby in the gut.



Chapter Eight
The Bully and the Hero


Toby released a grunt as the wind was knocked out of him.  He would’ve fallen to the pavement if Gabe hadn’t maintained his grip around his neck.  Red seeped into the edges of Becca’s vision as people slowly gathered around. Fear and anger fought inside her. 
Rage took over, clouding any form of intellectual battle.  Becca raised her foot again, ready to smash it into Gabe’s groin.  But Tim caught her leg mid-kick, stopping her movement with jarring force.  He twisted her foot, forcing her to the ground as she screamed in pain.  Shouting erupted from the ever thickening circle of spectators.  Why didn’t any of them help?
Becca slowly stood, her bruised body crying in protest at her movements.  As she stood, Gabe’s goons grabbed each of her arms and shoved her forward.  They forced her to walk until her body was only an inch from Toby’s.  
“I’m sorry,” Toby whispered.  She could see the tears held back in his eyes.  She knew he wished he was some great hero from one of his collection of stories.  If he only believed her when she told him how much she respected him for not fighting.
“It’s not your fault,” she spoke softly.  Her anger was beyond resolving at this point.  She could feel it pulsing from her body like shock waves. 
“Oh, isn’t this so sweet?  Tate and Becs, sittin in a tree!” Gabe sang and then laughed along with his immature friends.  
“Grow up, Gabe,” Becca whispered.  Angry tears stung the backs of her eyes now, but she refused to let them be seen.  Gabe’s taunting laughter caused something to snap inside of her.  The darkness that Kayde had dissolved before crept back into her heart.  All the pain and anger she’d felt after losing her parents seeped through her blood, causing an ugly hatred to explode inside her;  all the gossip she’d heard about how her parents had died, all the questions, the furtive glances, even from those who she’d thought were her friends.  
Becca directed all that hatred toward Gabe.  How could someone like him be allowed to live when her good, caring parents had been snatched so cruelly away? “How’s your dad, Gabe?  He find work yet?  Or won’t anyone hire a drunken arsonist?” she spat.  Even as the words poured from her mouth, she couldn’t believe she was saying them.  Toby gaped at her, speechless.
Gabe threw the crumpled paper forcefully to the ground.  His face was red underneath his mousy hair.  Without taking his gaze off of Becca, he punched Toby in the gut again for good measure before throwing him to the pavement.  Toby lay there, holding his stomach as he tried to catch his breath.
Becca’s anger gave way to fear again as Gabe stared at her, black venom shining in his eyes.  “I-I’m sorry, Gabe.  I didn’t mean to insult your dad,” Becca said lamely.  She struggled uselessly to free herself of Gabe’s henchmen.
Stars disrupted her vision as Gabe’s ape hand slapped her across the face.  Her head spun around and her body flung to the ground as Tim and Greg released her. 
Through the buzzing in her ears and the throbbing under her skull, Becca realized that someone else had joined the fight.  She slowly turned around, careful not to move too quickly in case her head would burst.  Toby, still grunting with pain, was helping her to stand.   Had one of their school mates finally become brave enough to stand up to these thugs?
Shock and insane joy burst inside Becca with a jolt, nearly sending her to the ground again.  She felt Toby steady her as she watched Kayde battle the three boys.  Where had he come from?  His face was filled with a terrifying fury as he expertly maneuvered around the three thrashing, kicking, and biting adversaries.  Kayde swung a leg up, catching Greg in the jaw.  The large youth fell to the ground like a sack of lead.  
Tim came up behind Kayde, grabbed his arms and pulled them roughly back.  He held Kayde there for Gabe.  Becca gasped and fought to break free from Toby as Gabe got in a few good punches to Kayde’s torso.  But before he could strike the face, Kayde used Gabe’s body, running up the length of his form and flipping over the top of his captor.  
Becca could hardy comprehend what was happening; she was sure she heard some dark music from somewhere—probably her imagination.  What she was seeing was like a scene from an action movie. Suddenly, Kayde was holding Tim from behind, kneeing him in the back until he fell to the ground, screaming.  Gabe rushed at Kayde, but was thrown to his back, as well.  Kayde had moved too fast for Becca to even know how he’d gotten Gabe down.
A police siren sounded over the deafening cries of the ring of spectators.  Everyone fell silent, some scattered.  Kayde stood there, his fists clenched, his muscles bulging.  His dark blue T-shirt was dotted with moisture, and his faded, torn jeans revealed a bleeding scrape on his leg.  Sweat dripped off of his hair over his shining green eyes that now rested on Becca, who had mysteriously forgotten how to breathe. 
Toby inched his way in front of Becca as Kayde strode over to her, ignoring the shouts of Terrance who had entered the scene.  Becca’s heart pounded, causing the bruise spreading across her cheek to throb.  Ignoring Toby, Kayde came close and asked, “Are you okay?” 
“Fine, thanks,” Toby answered irritably.  Becca finally took a breath, but found she could only nod.  Kayde’s energy streamed across the air and rippled through Becca’s veins, keeping her from speaking.  
“Hey! I’m talking to you!” Terrance’s grating voice broke the moment.  Kayde spun around and faced him.  Another, older policeman walked behind Terrance, surveying the scene with an open expression.  Becca saw Officer Adams’ shoulders bounce up and down as he chuckled at the sight of Gabe and his friends rolling on the ground, groaning. Terrance’s eyes rested on Becca’s face.  His own complexion reddened at the sight of the bruise forming on her cheek.  “Who did this to you?” he growled.  His narrowing eyes slowly turned on Kayde.  “I’ll put you away for life for hurting her!”
Officer Adams stopped Terrance from pouncing. Kayde’s fists clenched, but he kept himself under control.  The next several minutes were filled with Terrance’s accusations and attempts to arrest Kayde.  Adams took time to question everyone who’d been brave enough to stick around.  Finally, the older officer turned to Terrance and said, “Sounds to me like Gabe and his boys deserved it, Terrance.  Besides, boys will be boys. There’s nothing more for us to do here.  Let’s go.”
A few lame protests from Gabe followed before Adams forced him and his friends to leave.  Gabe and Kayde glared at each other as Gabe limped to his truck and left. The policemen left directly after, but not before Terrance gave Kayde one last threatening look.
Kayde then turned to Becca, his features softening.  They gazed at each other and the corners of their mouths slowly and simultaneously curled up until they were smiling goofily at each other.  Then, Kayde’s brows furrowed as his eyes trailed to the bruise on Becca’s cheek.  “I should kill that guy for hitting you,” he said darkly.
Becca lightly touched her cheek, glanced out the corner of her eye at Toby’s face, and then said, “It’s okay.  It’ll heal.  Toby’s had to take much more than that from Gabe.”
Kayde looked at Toby as if he just realized he were there.  They stared at each other for an uncomfortable moment.  Becca could tell Toby still didn’t trust Kayde, in spite of the fact he’d just saved them. She quickly introduced them, and they nodded curtly before Kayde turned his attention back to Becca.
Kayde cleared his throat and shifted his weight from one foot to the other.  He looked beautifully bashful for a moment before he blurted, “Your offer to have dinner still good?”
Toby stiffened beside Becca, but she ignored his small signal.  “Sure,” she said softly, feeling her cheeks blossom with heat.  “Tonight?”
“Sure,” Kayde said.  “I’ll see you tonight, then.  Six?”
“Sure,” Becca couldn’t keep the stupid, giddy smile from her face.  Her angel had just asked her to dinner!  She watched Kayde walk to his motorcycle and mount it.  Toby was pulling on her arm, wanting her to leave.  She waited until Kayde and his bike disappeared  around the corner of the school before she moved toward the car.
“Becca, I’m really sorry.”  Toby apologized.
“Toby, don’t make me tell you again that I respect you for not fighting.  I don’t know what happened to me back there.  I just lost it!”
Toby, gave her a crooked smile as they slid stiffly into his car.  “Well, you didn’t seem to mind Kayde fighting too much.”  He shook his head as he turned the key to start the ignition.  He looked at Becca, his crooked smile gone.  “Don’t get too close, Becca.  I know you’re taken by him.  But you just saw how dangerous he can be.”
Becca scowled at her friend.  “Just drive, Toby.  Let me worry about me.”  They drove home in silence.
Kayde showed up that night at six o’clock on the dot.  Chris clasped Becca’s necklace for her as Kayde rang the door bell.  “Remember to be careful, Becca.  I like Kayde, but--”
“Save the speech, Chris.  We’re just going to dinner.” Chris had been unbearable and smothering all evening after learning about what had happened after school.  Toby hadn’t helped, describing every detail to Chris.  The whole thing sounded like a horror story the way he’d told it.  Now, Chris wouldn’t stop staring at her bruised cheek and he fussed over her every movement.  She scowled as she walked past him.
Becca put on a smile before opening the door.  Kayde stood there, his hair mussed to perfection, his black T-shirt hugging his fit body.  He was holding a blue helmet.  “I found this at the second-hand store.  I thought it would match your eyes.” He looked at Chris as Becca’s face heated.  “I’ll keep her safe, Chris, I promise.”
Chris grasped hands with Kayde for a moment and smiled.  “You better, man.  Or I’ll have to kill you.” 
“If I hurt her in any way, I’ll let you!” Kayde answered.  They laughed before Becca snatched the helmet, rolled her eyes and strode toward the Shadow.  She heard Chris thank Kayde for helping his little sister before the guys said their farewells.  Then, Becca took in a nervous breath as her stomach tickled at the sound of Kayde’s approaching footsteps behind her.  She turned and smiled into his amazing eyes.
“You ready?” he asked.  Becca nodded.  She nearly jumped when Kayde’s hand brushed hers as he took the helmet from her and gently placed it on her head.  He carefully tightened the strap under her chin, keeping his curious gaze on her face.  His eyes seemed to look past hers, into her thoughts, into her soul.  He paused, his fingertips still touching her chin, sending ripples of goose bumps down her throat and through her body. She could hardly believe how such a tiny action could be so powerful.
 Finally, Kayde whispered, “Let’s go.” Abruptly, he turned and mounted the bike, placing a black helmet on his head.  Becca followed, wrapping her arms around his waist as he brought the powerful machine to life. She fully intended to unlock a few mysteries about Kayde this evening.  Excitement crackled in the air and Becca laughed as Kayde put the Shadow into gear and roared down the street.




Chapter Nine
The Picnic

After swinging through the closest fast-food drive-through, Kayde took Becca to a large park in the center of Glenville.  The giddy laughter of children playing on the structure filled the warm evening air. He’d wanted to surprise her with a picnic, hoping it would get her to open up; better food would’ve been nice, but he was no cook.  Besides, he’d been eating healthy all week at Mrs. Kline’s—he needed some grease.
He watched Becca’s every move closely, trying to catch any little clue that would help him figure out what she was all about.  What caused this music that played in his mind every time he was near her?  How had she stopped that same music—along with his darker emotions—that day near the hardware store?  Why, when he wanted nothing more than to get on his bike and race away from her, did he find himself instead drawing helplessly toward her?
He scowled at the bruise on her cheek.  He’d never been so furious in his life than when he’d seen that idiot hit her.  The thought of it still made his body burn with rage. He’d forgotten all about the errands he’d been on for Mrs. K after seeing Becca hurt. He took a deep breath, forcing himself not to think of it or he’d soon find himself hunting that kid down to give him another thrashing. He had to force back a dark song he’d begun to create, specifically for Gabe.
A stray Frisbee landed between them, helping to distract Kayde’s thoughts.  Becca laughed as she flung the disk expertly back towards a couple of tweens playing Frisbee tag.  They thanked her and waved as they continued their game.  Kayde kept his eyes on her, watching her cheeks turn pink under his gaze, as he grabbed a cheeseburger out of the fast food bag. 
Kayde noticed, in spite of the mystery surrounding her, Becca was a simple person compared to other girls he’d been with.  No dangly earrings hung on her lobes, no gaudy rings cluttered her fingers.  Only one, delicate silver chain hung from her neck; the end of it held a silver leaf with a sapphire nestled inside its curled edges. He wondered where she got it, but she spoke before he could ask.
“So,” Becca said as she played with the napkin wrapped around her burger.  “How are things?”  She bit her lower lip, drawing Kayde’s attention to her mouth. 
Clearing his throat, he answered, “Fine.”
“Been working hard at the B & B?”
“Yep.”
Kayde felt the corners of his mouth twitch at her frustrated look.  It seemed he wasn’t the only one wanting answers tonight.  He’d have to attempt to keep the conversation directed more at her.  He didn’t want her knowing much about him.  Not yet.
He really wanted to ask about her parents, but he didn’t want to scare her off right away. He blurted the first question that came to mind.  “What’s your favorite color?”
Becca seemed startled at first; she looked down at the straw sticking out of her cup of soda.  “Uh, g-green,” she whispered.  She took a nervous sip. 
“What’s yours?” she asked softly, finally looking at him again.
He smiled slowly, looking into her eyes, and answered, “Pale blue.”
“Hmm.  I would’ve guessed black,” she said.  They chuckled, and both of them relaxed, allowing the conversation to flow in similar manner.
 “Do you have a boyfriend?  That guy you were with today, maybe?”
 “Toby?  No, he’s just a good friend.”
Kayde breathed a sigh of relief, even though he’d guessed as much.  “How long have you lived here?”
“All my life.  Do you have a girlfriend? Where are you from?”
“No. Texas.  My parents lived here in Montana, though.  My grandpa grew up in Canada.”  What was he doing?  The words rolled off of his tongue without him even thinking them first.  Maybe this girl had a special ability of her own.  Maybe she could get in his brain and get him to do things without him even knowing it--like he did to people with his singing.
Kayde shook his head.  Get a grip, man!  Just ask another question.  He wanted to distract her from asking anything more about him.  He shifted nervously, gearing up for the question he’d first wanted to ask.  “Becca,” he said softly.  “What happened to your parents?”
The warm light in her eyes died instantly, leaving them a cold, wintry blue.  Becca scowled, casting her gaze to the ground.  Kayde suddenly wished he’d left the subject alone.  Feeling like a jerk, he quickly apologized.   “I’m sorry.  It’s none of my business.”
  Becca was still staring down at her lap, so Kayde pulled his second burger from the bag.   Becca picked up a French fry and picked it apart before throwing the pieces to the birds.  He took an abnormally large bite of his burger—partly out of hunger and partly to ease the awkward moment.  He almost choked when Becca started to speak.  Her voice was barely audible above the shouting kids and barking dogs.
“They were in a terrible car accident two years ago.  No one really knows what happened.  No other drivers were around.  They just…went off the road and over a cliff by the badlands.”  Becca kept her unblinking eyes on her lap.  Kayde swallowed the lump of food he had in his cheek and took a sip of his soda.  He probably looked like he didn’t care what she was telling him, but he needed to do something with his hands to keep focused; he could feel her torment washing toward him like a tidal wave.
Becca’s scowl deepened.  She glanced out of the corner of her eye at a group of adults sitting on a bench close by before continuing.  She spoke so quietly, Kayde had to lean forward to hear her.  “People started talking, saying Dad had been drinking, that he’d lost control of his senses and his bearings because he was so plastered.” Her face turned red and she grasped her cup so tightly it started crushing beneath her fingers.  Kayde’s heart dropped when Becca looked up at him, tears edging her angry eyes.  “But Dad never drank.  He was the most honest, hard working man I’ve ever known!”
Why had he asked her this question?  What sort of heartless guy was he to make her re-live what was probably the worst moment in her life? In his agitation, Kayde took another mouthful of fries and a huge drink of soda. He remembered his own feelings when his grandfather died.  He knew the darkness that Becca was feeling.  He was suddenly furious with the entire town for starting the rumor about her dad.  
Kayde opened his mouth to speak, but instead a horrid, untimely belch burst from his gut.  Becca slapped her face over her hands and then rested her elbows against her knees.
“Oh, crap!  I’m so sorry!  I didn’t mean---Becca,” Kayde said her name more softly, trying to ignore the people staring at them now because of his socially inappropriate behavior.  How could he be so stupid? He had to make things right.
“I’m sorry,” he said again quietly, sincerely.  Reaching across the space between them, Kayde softly placed his hand over Becca’s, wanting more than anything to comfort her, to take away the tortured feelings that had shown in her eyes, to protect her from the darkness.
As soon as his flesh touched hers, the strange energy took over.  It wound around his hand, up his arm, and sang in his ears.  Kayde felt hopelessness at first—that dark and lonely feeling from what he and Becca had both lost.  But it gradually changed, growing brighter.  It seemed to reflect in Becca’s astonished eyes as she lowered her hands to look at him.
“Do you feel that?” she whispered.
“Yes,” he managed to breathe back at her.
“What is it?”
“I don’t know.”
“What are you?”
This question threw Kayde off guard.  He drew his hand away, severing the connection.  His skin was still tingling, though, as he raised a brow at her.  “What do you mean?”




Chapter Ten
Oh! The Irony!

“I mean,” she said, her face serious, “are you--?” She stopped mid-sentence, her face suddenly flaming.  (The girl certainly blushed a lot.)  She giggled and shook her head.  Had he missed something?
“What?  What’s so funny?”
Becca looked at him, still giggling her beautiful, musical giggle.  “It’s just—I can’t believe I’m telling you this—but, I thought…” she took a deep breath.  “I thought, when we first met, and again the other day, that you were magic—that you were an angel.”  She quickly buried her face in her hands again, releasing an embarrassed groan.
Kayde could hardly believe what he’d heard.  Him?  An angel?  He started laughing at that thought, and at the fact that he’d thought the very same thing about her.  When he finally composed himself, Kayde said, “Well, you couldn’t be further from the truth on that one, Becca.” He sobered more. “I’m definitely far from being anything pure or holy.”
Becca looked at him warmly.  “Well, you were my angel today.  Thank you for helping Toby and me.”
Kayde gave her a curt nod, uncomfortable with the positive attention. 
Dinner went quickly and they talked about unimportant things.  Afterwards, Becca insisted they walk for a few minutes.  “It helps my stomach settle,” she explained.  Kayde was willing.  With still so many unanswered questions, he wasn’t in a hurry to take her home.
As they walked, Becca tilted her head back to gaze at the darkening sky.  She sighed contentedly and smiled.  Wondering what she was smiling at, Kayde followed her gaze.  Even in town, he couldn’t get over how big and blue the sky was here.  A jet flew high overhead, leaving chalk line of white across the dimming light of the day.  It seemed to get dark early here, but Mrs. K had assured him the days were getting longer.
The yapping of a small dog drew their attention to a house just off the main street along a residential block.  Becca stopped and turned toward the noise.  “Oh!” she stated irritably.  “Ryan left GH out too long again.  She’s all wrapped up in her leash!”
“Who’s Ryan?” Kayde asked dryly. He wasn’t excited about this unexpected interruption.
“A friend.  He’s in his mid twenties, but he acts more like a kid most of the time. His dad left him with a big chunk of money when he passed, so Ryan has a lot of play time. I just wish he’d pay more attention to his dog.”
Kayde followed Becca as she crossed the deserted street and approached the dog which was tied to the trunk of a young ash tree.  The dog had to be part poodle—it looked a lot like his sister, Tayla’s dog. (Kayde shoved a lonely pang away at the thought of his little sister.)  This dog hadn’t been groomed in awhile, though; its hair was long and the soiled curls poofed all around its body, making the animal look three times its size.
The little dog wiggled its entire body with excitement as Becca approached. It rose up on its hind legs and started hopping and pumping its front legs in a begging motion.  But, when Kayde came closer, it landed on all fours and barked hysterically.  
“Oh, now stop that, GH,” Becca spoke soothingly.  “Kayde’s a friend of mine, he won’t hurt you.”
Kayde wasn’t too sure of that.  He wasn’t fond of dogs barking at him, chasing him, tackling him, etc.  He stood back and watched Becca work with the animal.  Her voice took on a smooth, alluring sound that made his stomach feel like he’d just jumped off a ten story building.  The dog quit barking and became still as Becca unwound the tangled rope from its body.  She then unhooked the end from the dog’s harness and picked it up.  She laughed and nuzzled GH; the dog gratefully licked the end of Becca’s nose with its tiny pink tongue.  
Kayde had never wanted to be a dog so much in his life.
“I just need to get GH in the house and chew Ryan out quick, then we can do something else,” Becca said as she smiled back at Kayde.  He just nodded and followed.  Her soothing voice had stirred crazy emotions again.  He wanted nothing more than to be alone with her right now.
Becca pounded on a metal door that looked like it led to a basement.  After a few moments, the door creaked open and Toby stood before them.  Kayde stiffened and fought ugly thoughts—he knew Becca had said she and Toby were just friends, but Kayde felt on edge at the sight of him.
“Toby, I didn’t know you were here!” Becca exclaimed, sounding much more pleased than Kayde cared for.  They hugged, squishing the dog between them.  Kayde released a heavy sigh.
Toby released Becca and scowled at Kayde.  Becca poked him in the arm with her elbow.  Toby glanced at her, and then cleared his throat.  “Uh, thanks for helping us today,” he said in a rehearsed fashion.  Kayde just nodded.  He was feeling extremely uncomfortable—even agitated.  He had a feeling Toby didn’t like him any more than he liked Toby.  
“Who’s there, Toby?” a male voice trailed up from the set of concrete steps that led to a basement apartment.  Kayde wondered if Becca had any female friends.
“Come on,” Toby said and led them down.  
Kayde entered a living area to the sound of Becca scolding Ryan for leaving GH out too long.  He took the moment to look around.  Tables were set up everywhere—all covered with computers, digital recorders, video equipment, and a lot of strange devices Kayde couldn’t identify.  Wires snaked around all the equipment in organized chaos. Books were scattered on an old, rust colored sofa; a Bible, a book of ghost stories, facts about paranormal activity, and a “Dummies Guide to Training Dogs”.  
“Ryan, this is Kayde.” Kayde turned his focus to the humans in the room as GH lapped water from a grungy looking dish. “Kayde, Ryan,” Becca said, motioning with her head towards a man.  His dark, unkempt hair stood out in jagged tufts; they went nicely with the man’s wrinkled shirt that hung unbuttoned over a green T-shirt, which was half tucked into a crumple pair of khaki shorts.  He looked at Kayde over the black rims of his glasses.  
“Hey, Kayde!  Nice to finally meet you,” Ryan said. He gave Kayde a firm handshake after setting a super sized cup of soda next to a lap top.  Ryan had an air of casual ease that helped Kayde relax.  He liked this guy.
“Nice to meet you,” he said.  Then, looking around, he asked, “What is all this?”
Becca groaned and Toby chuckled.  “Don’t get him started, Kayde,” Becca said.  “We’ll be here all night!”
“Hey!  Now that was just rude!” Ryan answered.  He shot Kayde a cheesy smile. “But she’s right.  I love to talk about what I love to do.  This,” he gestured with his hand toward the entire room, “is ghost hunting equipment.”
The following two hours found Becca sitting on the sofa, curiously thumbing through the books while Kayde listened to Ryan go on about the ghostly encounter that had led him into hunting. “I just want some proof, ya know?  I’m not the only one, either.  There are so many TV shows now about paranormal activity and hunting spirits to capture them on video or audio,” Ryan said.  He excitedly picked up a recorder.  “Listen to this.  Toby and I caught this in the basement of the library last week-end.  I think it’s my ghost.”
Kayde looked at Toby, but he sat with his back to them, scrolling through some strange graphs or something on one of the computers.  He was wearing headphones.  Ryan played the recorder, drawing Kayde’s attention.  A low moaning came from the devise for the span of two seconds.  When it was over, Ryan’s face was bursting with glee.  “Isn’t that great?  That’s the best EVP we’ve ever captured.  I’m positive the apparition I saw down there was trying to speak to me.”
Kayde smiled politely.  He wasn’t exactly sure what an EVP was, but he hadn’t gotten much from the recording.  Anything could’ve made that sound.  Maybe Ryan’s brain was a little short of some important software.
Becca stood up and walked over to them.  “That’s great, Ryan.  You’ve captured the sewage pipes groaning,” she said dryly.
“Oh ye of little faith,” Ryan said shaking his head.  “You’ll see.  Someday, I’ll have hard evidence, and then what will you have to say?”
Becca chuckled and gave Ryan a hug.  Kayde wondered when it would be his turn to get a hug.  “Thanks for looking out for GH, Becca,” Ryan said as they parted. He smiled at Becca warmly.  Oddly, this didn’t seem to bother Kayde.  Ryan was like another one of Becca’s brothers.
“You’re welcome.  But take better care of her from now on, will you?”
Kayde had to ask before they left, “What does GH stand for, anyway?”
Toby had taken off his head phones and was smiling at them.  He answered Kayde, “After spending time with Ryan, you can’t guess?”  
Kayde looked at him blankly.  Ryan gave him a wide grin and answered, “Her full name is Ghost Hound.  She helps us look for spooks.  Don’t you, babe?”  He bent down and affectionately scratched the dog behind the ear, sending her back leg to tapping against the floor.  “If she won’t enter a room, I know there’s something good waiting for me!” Yep, the guy’s crazy. Kayde was sure if a dog refused to enter a room, then so would he.
They departed soon after, much to Kayde’s relief.  Becca mounted the Shadow behind Kayde and told him to follow the road over the bridge and out of town.  She continued to direct him until they turned onto a modest country highway.  The road wound around a large bend, climbing higher into the sandstone hills that now burned with a golden glow from the setting sun.
The highway continued on, but Becca signaled for Kayde to pull off the road.  They stopped at the edge of a large embankment overlooking the town of Glenville. Its white lights were already shining in contrast to the golden sunset.  Pink and orange clouds streaked the horizon and birds sang farewell to the day.  For once, Kayde didn’t mind their calls.  It was peaceful up here.
Following Becca to the edge of the embankment, Kayde stood and listened to the amazing quiet of the area.  A soft breeze stirred, playing with Becca’s soft wisps of hair. The glow of the evening reflected off of it, making her look more angelic than ever.
The ground before them fell sharply a couple hundred feet.  At the bottom, large sandstone boulders created curious designs.  A few scrawny trees grew on the cliff side, along with wispy grass and purple and yellow wildflowers. Tufts of sage dotted the area, sending their sharp aroma into the damp air.
Kayde watched Becca, wondering what she was thinking.  Her gaze was fixed on the horizon, and a small crinkle had formed between her brows.  Finally, Kayde had to know.  “What are you thinking?” he asked.
She turned to him, her mouth set in a soft frown.  “This is where my parents went off the road.”
Kayde didn’t know what to say.  How could such a peaceful spot carry such tragedy?
Becca continued, turning her gaze forward again.  “They came around the bend we just passed.  I always wondered if there was a deer or something on the road.  You can’t see what’s on the road up here until you pass that bend.  Maybe Dad swerved to miss it, then...” She lowered her gaze.  “But there weren’t any skid marks indicating he’d used the brakes.”
“I’m sorry, Becca.” Kayde said. 
Turning to him, Becca’s brows softened.  She gave him a small grin and answered, “Every time I’ve been up here, I’ve felt dark, angry, bitter.  I brought you here as sort of an experiment.  I wanted to see if you’ve really done what I think you’ve done.”
Kayde was taken aback.  “And what is it you think I’ve done?”
Becca pressed her lips together, giving him a thoughtful look.  “I was wondering why you’re here.  And what you have about you that’s so special.”  She looked at him more seriously.  “Kayde, before I found you in that storm, I hadn’t felt peaceful in a long time.  I’d been wallowing in that dark place where no music and no light could touch me.  It’s been that way for me since Mom and Dad died.  But now,” she said, taking a step closer.  Kayde’s heart quickened. He could feel her energy, hear her music, and he was afraid of what she might ask about him. “You brought something with you.  And I can’t explain it, but it’s given me life again.  Even up here, where I’ve felt that darkness the heaviest, it’s just not here anymore.  You’ve saved me somehow.”
Kayde couldn’t speak.  It was if she’d taken his thoughts and feelings about her and expressed them far better than he ever could.  And this terrified him.  He took a step back. 
Becca looked away, back to the dimming horizon.  “I’m sorry.  I’ve said way more than I wanted to!” She released a nervous laugh and twisted a strand of hair around her finger.
Although part of Kayde wanted to get on his bike and flee for his life, a greater part of him knew he never could.  Becca had a hold of him, and he somehow knew she always would.  He took a breath for courage, approached her cautiously, and wrapped his fingers around hers. The same energy sparked at their touch.  He knew she felt it too, because she gasped softly as she turned to him.
Kayde raised his other hand to her face, his heart keeping time with the music playing in his whirling mind.  He touched her cheek softly, momentarily agitated at the bruise that had formed there earlier.  He watched her blue eyes widen with wonder.  He traced her cheek bone, then trailed a finger along her jaw line.  She closed her eyes and Kayde’s attention was immediately drawn to her lips.  They were parted slightly, invitingly.  His throat vibrated as he instinctively hummed a seductive melody.  Their bodies swayed in a subtle dance. He drew closer to her until he could feel her breath on his face.  The tension was magnetic, as if something was drawing them together; and yet another force was trying to keep them apart--like the wrong ends of those magnets. 
 Kayde hummed louder to break that barrier.  He wanted to be with her, his desire was overwhelming.  But the sound of his rising voice struck his consciousness.  He became aware that he was about to put Becca under the same spell he’d used on every other girl he’d ever been with.
Kayde pulled back abruptly, horrified at what he’d been about to do.  He couldn’t do this, not to her.  Becca’s eyes snapped open.  They looked shocked, maybe even hurt.  “What’s the matter?” she asked breathlessly.
A strangled laugh flew from Kayde’s throat and he ran a hand through his hair.   Oh the irony!  How many girls have I seduced with my music and never given it a thought?  Now, the one girl that I actually care about, the one that matters to me, I’m afraid to even kiss! 




Chapter Eleven
At First Sight

Becca stared at Kayde’s handsome features in the dim light of dusk.  The calm, quiet evening was a drastic contrast to what she’d just experienced.  Kayde’s touch had sent powerful shocks of energy through her body—but the sensation had been peculiarly and amazingly wonderful.  
The music never left her heart and mind while she was with Kayde.  Though shocked at herself and a little embarrassed at all she’d said to him a while ago, she’d meant every word.
And when he’d drawn closer, touching her face, that was something she wasn’t sure she could even describe.  It was like the light of the setting sun had burst into her, chasing away any trace of shadow.  The music had accelerated with her quickening heart.  Kayde’s voice had hummed in her ear and it was the most beautiful sound she’d ever heard.  Passion like she’d never known had consumed her; the love she’d experienced had been so powerful, it’d made her head reel.  
But Kayde had suddenly pulled away.  She stared at him now, still confused and hurt.  Had she done something wrong?  “What is it, Kayde?  What did I do?”  Whatever it was, she was suddenly desperate to fix it.  
Kayde kept shaking his head, avoiding her eyes.  He looked at the horizon, just as she had done minutes before.  A blue glow was all that remained of the sunset, and stars blinked awake above them.  Finally, he spoke, his voice clear and even.  “There are things you don’t know about me, Becca.  Things that I’ve done, things I can do.  I just--”
He sighed and scratched at the back of his neck, seemingly struggling with his words.  Becca approached him, but resisted the powerful urge to touch him.  She needed to keep her senses clear now.  If she wasn’t mistaken, she was about to get some answers.  “Tell me, then.  Tell me what you’ve done and what you can do,” she said softly.
Kayde’s voice came out in a strained whisper.  “I can’t, Becca.  I can’t tell you because I’m afraid you’ll see me differently.  You won’t want to be anywhere near me.”  He turned to her and she could see in the shadow of his face that his brows were down, but the eyes below them were moist with tears.  “And I couldn’t stand it now if you were scared of me, if you left…” His voice broke and he turned away, his form stiffening.
Becca didn’t understand.  She couldn’t fathom any reason, no matter how horrible, that would cause her to leave him now.  Overwhelmed with emotion, she attempted to lighten the atmosphere.  “Unless you’re an axe murderer who ripped apart his family or something, I don’t think you can scare me away,” she laughed nervously.
Kayde kept his back to her, his body rigid.  Becca’s smile faded and she gulped.  What if he really was an axe murderer?  Maybe she should’ve listened to Toby—maybe Kayde was dangerous.
Oddly enough, though, even these thoughts brought no fear to Becca’s heart.  Somehow, she knew Kayde wasn’t bad.  He couldn’t be.  She needed him to be her angel. 
Turning so abruptly that Becca jumped, Kayde spoke to her again.  “Becca, I have this…ability.  All my family has it—it’s inherited.  We have this…thing we can do.”  Kayde’s face twisted as if he were struggling to find the right words.  “I can make people do things, whatever I want them to do, by singing.”
Becca gaped at him. The lonely chirping of a cricket echoed through the tension.  Kayde held his breath and remained as still as a rock, waiting.  Becca didn’t know what to think.  Was he serious?  He certainly looked serious.  But what if this was all some sort of joke?
“Are you saying,” she said slowly, “that when you sing, you can turn people into your puppets?  You can force them to do whatever you want?”
Kayde released the breath he’d been holding, but remained still.  His voice quavering, he answered, “Yes.  It’s like they’re under some spell. And they don’t really know what I’m doing to them, not even after it’s over.  Becca,” he continued, his shoulders now slumped in a defeated way. “I’ve done so many horrible things with this gift, as my family calls it.  When my grandfather died, the music inside me got really dark—I caused a lot of people a lot of trouble and pain.  I used it to steal, to cheat, to get out of trouble, and…and to seduce girls.” He looked shamefully at his feet.
What was she supposed to do with this?  “So you think that what I felt a moment ago—that you made me feel that way with your voice?”  She laughed then.  It just burst out of her with a hysterical sound.  This was crazy!  
When she finally calmed down, she looked at Kayde through her watering eyes.  His face was as pale as the rising moon.  “I’m sorry,” she said, sobering.  “But, even if you do have this power you talk about, it had nothing to do with how I was feeling.  Kayde,” she stepped closer reaching out to take his hand.  She softly touched his fingertips with hers, starting the music and energy that was quickly becoming a familiar and comfortable thing.  
“This,” she said, gesturing with a nod toward their hands, “has nothing to do with you singing.  We’ve been feeling this from the beginning.”  She continued, replaying for him when they’d met, what she’d felt, what she’d heard in her mind, how his touch that day he’d run into Terrance’s cruiser had swept away her fear and loneliness like the wind sweeps away a dark cloud.  She was talking fast, she knew she must be slurring.  But Kayde didn’t stop her. He just watched, his mouth hanging half open, his eyes unblinking.
“I-I had no idea,” he said when she’d finished.
“You understood me?” she had to ask.  Toby would’ve stopped her long ago and made her take a breath and slow down.
 “Yeah.  Why wouldn’t I?  But, the same things have been happening to me.”  It was Becca’s turn to listen.  The half moon rose higher as Kayde took her quickly through his life, through his family legacy, how he rebelled against it, and how it, in turn, had turned dark and consuming.  It was what had led him here, in his attempt at outrunning it.  
“I feel that music whenever I’m near you, too, Becca. I’ve never experienced anything like it,” Kayde said his eyes shining with a curious wonder. 
Becca giggled with excitement. She wanted to know, however, something that she’d been wondering. “Kayde, what does the music you hear sound like? Would you sing it for me?”
“Oh, no!  I’m not singing anything right now.” Becca could see the strain on his face.  He was still scared to sing to her, afraid he’d lose control and seduce her.  (Why was she not finding this strange?) The thought made her want to giggle—didn’t he know he’d already done that, simply by looking at her?  She forced herself to keep a serious face.
“Then listen,” she said.  She took a deep breath to try to gather some courage.  She’d sung to herself in front of her mirror so many times.  But she’d never sung to anyone else…ever.  And, it’d been over two years since she’d used her voice for music.  However, her curiosity was stronger than her fear.  
Slowly and quietly, she hummed the notes that danced in her head.  She closed her eyes and watched them form in her mind’s eye.  Before she knew what was happening, she was completely absorbed in the music, her voice growing louder and more confident with every note.  She saw and felt Kayde in the music, felt his unique energy, saw his beautiful face, felt his warm, soft touch.  She smiled broadly as joy poured through her.  
When she was finished, Becca opened her eyes.  Kayde stood close, his face even more pale than before.  He was shaking.
Becca immediately dropped her smile.  Her brows drew together.  “Are you okay?  What’s the matter?  You’re shaking!”
Kayde flinched at her touch and Becca drew back, tears stinging her eyes.  What had she done? She turned away, unable to bear Kayde’s reaction.
“Becca, please don’t turn away!” Kayde’s quavering whisper struck Becca with unnatural force. She turned to him, struggling to control her bi-polar emotions.  What was she supposed to be feeling now?  The music still played, the joy if it shining bright.  Yet, on the other hand, pain stung in her heart—pain and utter confusion.
Speaking a little louder, Kayde continued.  “That song … Becca that is the song I hear whenever I’m near you.  But I’ve never heard it from you like that before.  Your voice—you have no idea what you just did to me!”
Kayde held up a hand as Becca opened her mouth to speak again.  “Please stop. Don’t speak yet.”  Had her voice been so horrid? She looked down at her feet, humiliated.  She’d been so engrossed in the song, she hadn’t paid attention to her voice.  She must’ve sounded something similar to a chicken being strangled. 
A soft but electrifying touch on Becca’s chin coaxed her attention upwards.  Kayde forced her to look into his eyes.  He was still shaking, his muscles rigid as if he were straining against a great force.  “Your voice has a magic to it, Becca,” he said softly.  He quickly dropped his hand from her chin.  “If you’d continued any longer, I think I would’ve lost it—I don’t know if I could’ve kept myself from you another second!”
Kayde’s voice was husky and he clenched his jaw after he’d spoken, causing the veins to bulge.  Becca’s heart was in her throat now, keeping her from even attempting to speak.
Continuing, Kayde said, “Becca, that’s why I drew away before I kissed you.  I don’t know what will happen if we kiss.  If we feel what we do just by touching and if you have this affect on me when you sing, then what in all creation will happen when we kiss?”
He sounded almost angry now.  Or maybe, Becca thought, terrified.
“What do you think will happen, Kayde?  The world will explode?” she asked, forcing back a laugh.
“Maybe!” he said with an edge of hysteria to his voice.  “I don’t know—I have no idea! This has never happened to me before!” He ran both hands through his hair and then laced his fingers behind his head, squeezing his neck.
“I’m not afraid,” Becca said. And she wasn’t.  Whatever would happen would be amazing because it would happen with Kayde.  She offered her hand to him.  “We can take things slowly.  I’m in no hurry.”
Kayde looked at her hand for a long while. He tentatively reached toward her before drawing back again.  He tilted his head back and gave the stars a strange smile.  “This is insane!” he shouted to them, stretching his arms toward the sky.  Becca waited patiently, her hand outstretched and ready.  Finally, Kayde lowered his head and in one swift movement, took her hand.
“Okay, slowly,” he said.  Keeping his serious eyes on Becca’s, he bent over their clasped hands.  He turned her wrist toward the sky and ever so softly touched the heel of her palm with his lips.  The motion sent goose bumps clear up her arm, but she didn’t dare move or even twitch.  She didn’t want him to stop.
Carefully, Kayde moved up her arm, kissing her wrist, the inside of her elbow.  That one nearly sent her over the edge—the veins close to the surface of her skin burned and blood rushed in her ears.  Even so, she forced herself to remain still.
Becca felt Kayde’s lips on her shoulder.  Their bodies were so close now.  His warmth engulfed her.  Enough energy pulsed between them to start a violent thunderstorm.  Kayde’s mouth was at her jaw now.  She could feel his breath on her neck.  How could she be shivering with heat running through her like a blaze?
They remained captive to this pose for several intense second.  Kayde’s body was taut with tension and both of them were breathing heavily.  Kiss me!  Becca screamed in her head.  She’d never wanted anything more in her life.  What was he waiting for?
“Becca,” Kayde’s voice came out in a raspy tone, but it still sent Becca’s head into the clouds.  “I don’t think…”
Oh, no you don’t!  Becca didn’t let him finish his sentence.  She’d forgotten all about taking things slow.  With one quick movement, she turned and tilted her head, planting her lips directly on his.
She was suddenly lost somewhere in the heavens.  Angel song carried her and Kayde into a different world.  Stars burst all around them like fireworks, and caressing whispers spoke in Becca’s ears.  She lost all sense of time, of place, of anything except Kayde’s mouth on hers, his body pressed against her, his arms holding her in a protective and passionate embrace.
Too soon, Kayde pulled back, gasping.  Becca half opened her eyes, her vision blurred with emotion. Kayde opened his eyes, too, and his brows came together.  He raised a hand to her face and wiped a tear from the corner of her eye.
Startled, Becca touched her face with her fingers.  Tears?  Where had they come from?  She looked at Kayde and giggled before she wiped a tear that had begun to roll down his cheek.  His face mimicked what hers must’ve looked like a moment ago.
“Don’t worry, Kayde,” she said.  “They’re good tears.”
Kayde pulled her to him, cradling her head against his chest.  She felt his cheek resting against the top of her head, and his heart pounded against her ear.  How had she lived before?  How had she ever walked a single day without this?  Without him?  She was more convinced than ever that God had sent Kayde to her, even if not in the form of an angel.  He’d sent him to help free her from her dark prison.  
“Kayde?” she asked softly.
“Hmm?” his voice rumbled deep inside his chest and Becca rubbed her face against the fabric of his shirt, taking it all in.  
“Do you believe in love at first sight?”
There was a moment of silence before Kayde stated, “No.”
“Me either,” Becca answered quickly.  Then, after several more minutes of just holding each other and basking in love and music, Becca said, “Kayde?”
“Hmm?”
“I love you.”  She didn’t care what he thought or what happened next, she just had to tell him.
Kayde’s lips pressed against the top of her head.   With a sigh of a whisper, he answered, “I love you, too, Rabecca.”




Chapter Twelve
Fear

Everything was different after that night.  Becca saw the world as a bright and amazing place.  Kayde picked her up from school almost every day—when he wasn’t doing some work for Mrs. K—and they spent every evening together.  Becca was thrilled that Chris continued to show trust in Kayde, too.  She wasn’t sure how things would’ve gone if he hadn’t.  She wouldn’t have left Kayde; she didn’t think she even could.  But she owed Chris everything.  Luckily, she didn’t have to worry about it.
There was a dim spot in all of her euphoria, however.  Terrance had become suddenly very close to Gabe—a kid that Terrance had taken into custody for D.U.I.’s on more than one occasion in the past and had enjoyed it.  
They seemed to be everywhere she and Kayde were; at the theater, on the road, in the park. Many times, Becca noticed them conversing with other people in town, no doubt spreading the ridiculous gossip about Kayde, the no good drifter, taking advantage of sweet, innocent Becca Snow. 
On one occasion, the stalking pair entered the ice cream shop where Becca and Kayde had stopped for a treat. They smiled in their stupid way; Gabe with his ape-like manner, and Terrance with wolf eyes staring at their prey. Becca felt Kayde’s wild, dark energy rippled through the air. The look in his eyes was frightening as he watched the two men sit at the other end of the shop.
“Kayde,” Becca said softly as he and Terrance stared each other down. Although Kayde’s expression was deadly, Terrance seemed to be more amused than anything. “Let’s just go.  He’s not worth it.”
His hand felt hot as she placed her fingers over his.  The connection distracting him enough to get him to tear his eyes off of the policeman and look at her. His jaw was clenched, his mouth in a thin line. He only nodded, and Becca jumped up and led him out of the shop.
Once outside, Kayde’s energy lightened, if only slightly.  “You can’t let him get to you, Kayde,” Becca said.  “You know he’s baiting you, waiting for you to mess up.”
Kayde growled, sighed, and let his shoulders relax. “I can’t help it. I hate the way he looks at you.” 
Becca hated it, too. But she knew a confrontation with the policeman would only end badly for Kayde.
Gabe’s thick voice sounded from behind them. “Hey, Becs!” She just kept walking, but a dark melody played softly in the back of her consciousness. Kayde was tensing up again, and his melody was getting darker. 
Becca squeezed Kayde’s hand, pulling him along. But when Gabe shouted at her again, Kayde forced them to stop and turn toward him.  The brute’s smirk irritated Becca, but fear dominated as she felt Kayde’s darker energy increase. 
Gabe just stood there, smirking, as Terrance came forward. The closer he sauntered toward them, the tenser Kayde’s muscles became until his hand was nearly crushing Becca’s.  What was Terrance doing? Why couldn’t he just leave them alone?
He came within a couple feet from them, his eyes boring into Kayde’s for a moment before turning his attention on Becca. Under his steely gaze, she wanted to cower behind Kayde; but she felt the need to be brave for the sake of keeping her boyfriend from killing the cop.
Terrance licked his lips and opened his mouth as if to speak, but the radio suddenly sounded off through the open window of the cruiser, causing Becca to jump. She didn’t hear what the dispatcher said, but she was extremely grateful when Terrance growled with irritation and turned back toward his vehicle.  
A good five minutes passed before Kayde relaxed enough to move.
After that, Becca worried, knowing how much Kayde struggled to keep himself from actually becoming the person Terrance and Gabe broadcast that he was. As a result, she found herself driving out to Mrs. K’s more often than Kayde came to town.  They were able to keep clear of the madness out there.   Mrs. Kline always looked at the two of them with warmth in her wrinkled cheeks. “I had a feeling about you two that first day!” she’d said several times, causing Kayde to roll his eyes and Becca to chuckle.  To top it off, the cats made a point of being a nuisance any time Kayde and Becca attempted to kiss, squeezing themselves between them for attention just at the wrong moments.
One Saturday, though, Kayde had come to Becca’s house for a change.  She didn’t really want to go anywhere when he asked, afraid they might bump into Terrance, so they decided to take a short walk along her street.  The late May sun was warm and soothing.  The days seemed to stretch on longer, giving them more time together.  They walked down the block holding hands and smiling at each other, listening to the birds and the sounds of distant traffic passing along the main roads.  
Becca kicked a pebble with the toe of her sneaker and watched it bounce along the sidewalk.  It stopped in front of Toby’s house.  She felt a twinge of guilt.  She’d been neglecting her friend lately, spending every spare moment she had with Kayde.  
Toby’s mother, Catherine, was in front of the house, trimming the full rose bushes.  Several blood red buds dotted the plants, promising future roses.  Toby was sitting on the steps of the porch, his nose stuck in that same book Becca had checked out for him over a month ago. A crinkled piece of tablet paper stuck out above the pages. 
“Hey, there!” she stated cheerily.  Toby jerked his head up and Catherine spun around, nearly sending her expensive looking, wide-brimmed hat flying off of her head.  Becca felt Kayde’s hand squeeze hers tightly.  She knew he wasn’t comfortable around Toby, but she couldn’t just pretend she hadn’t seen them there.
“You’re going to make me have to pay for that book, Toby,” she teased.  He snapped it shut and stared at her as if she were a complete stranger.  He scowled at Kayde quickly, then composed himself.  He gave her a crooked smile as Catherine approached them.
“Well, Rabecca!  It seems I haven’t seen you forever!  We’ve been missing you.”  She gave Becca a quick hug, forcing her to release Kayde’s hand.  When they parted, Catherine looked Kayde up and down with intense interest that caused Becca to squirm uncomfortably.  “And this,” she said quietly, “Must be Kayde Harper. I’ve heard so much about you.  I’m sorry Jack, my husband, couldn’t be here to meet you, too.  He’s always working.” She removed her gardening glove and extended that hand for Kayde to accept.
Kayde deliberately stuffed his hands in his pockets and pressed his lips together.  Becca gaped at him.  She knew he didn’t care to be here, but that rudeness was uncalled for.  She was about to reprimand him when she felt a strange ripple of energy through the air.  Something was wrong.  Kayde’s face, though set in an emotionless stare, was pale, and she could see his heart trying to pound its way through his chest. 
“Are you okay?” Becca asked.  
Glancing quickly at Becca and then back at Catherine, he answered, “I-I’m not feeling well.  I’ll see ya.” He turned on his heal and walked heatedly toward Becca’s house.
Becca stood speechless for several moments, trying to decipher what had just happened.  She turned sheepishly back to Toby and his mom.  “I’m sorry—must’ve been something he ate,” she said quickly.
Catherine eyed her strangely before saying, “Of course.”  Becca said a quick goodbye to Toby and raced after Kayde.  She found him pacing back and forth by his Shadow in front of her house.
“What in the world was that all about?  Are you really sick?” she asked worriedly.  His face was pale and damp with sweat.  
He jumped at her voice and then ran a hand over the back of his neck, then wiped the sweat off onto his jeans.  “I don’t know,” he said, his voice cracking.  “I must be.  I have to go.”  He mounted the bike and revved it to life. 
“I’ll go with you, then,” she shouted over the sound of the motorcycle. 
Kayde shook his head and he kept his eyes averted from hers.  “No.  I just need to go lie down.  I’ll call you later.” 
And with that, he took off, taking the road that led him away from Becca as her heart screamed for him to stop.  She felt panicked as she realized she couldn’t hear or feel Kayde’s music.  She was desperate to help him, whatever was wrong.  But some strong, undeniable force, told her to stay put.




Chapter Thirteen
Too Many Questions

Kayde was more than relieved to find Mrs. Kline’s car missing from the garage when he arrived at the B & B.  He leapt over the cats in the hallway as they yowled in greeting.  After he slammed his bedroom door shut, he pressed his back against it as if afraid someone might break the door down behind him; his vision blurred as he started hyperventilating.
Calm down, Kayde!  Just take a few deep breaths and calm down.  Kayde forced himself to take slower breaths, hold them for a second, then exhale slowly.  He slid to the floor, his back still pressed against the door.  He drew his knees to his chest and hugged them with shaking arms.
What had happened at Toby’s house, he couldn’t explain.  Some deep fear had reached out and grasped him so tightly, he’d felt it as surely as if strong and powerful arms had wrapped around his chest and squeezed with all their might.  
And when Becca had released his hand to hug that woman, he’d lost her.  He’d lost her energy, lost her music.  The fear he’d felt before had been nothing compared to the horror of that void where Becca’s music belonged.  It had to be that woman.  He couldn’t remember her name now, but she was Toby’s mother.  That had to be why he was so agitated around that kid all the time.  It hadn’t been because he was jealous.  Something dark and evil surrounded Toby and his mother.
Kayde couldn’t believe he’d left Becca there, close to that…whatever it was.  His fear had severed any rational thought.  All he’d been able to think about was getting away. 
Pulling his cell from his pocket, Kayde called Becca.  His hand shook so hard he could barely keep it against his ear.  The phone on the other end didn’t even finish its first ring before Becca’s worried voice answered.
“Kayde?  Are you alright?” 
Overwhelming relief at hearing Becca’s sweet music again washed over him.  Kayde swallowed the lump in his throat and answered in a small voice, “I’m okay, now that I hear you.”
Becca’s ragged sigh of relief sounded through the ear piece.  “You really scared me.  What happened?”
“I’m not sure.  I think I just really do need to lie down for awhile.  Maybe I’ve been working too hard or something.  What are you doing for an hour or so?” he asked.  He wanted to make sure she wasn’t going to go back over to Toby’s, but he didn’t want her to see him this way, either.
“Chris just asked me to go to Melstone City with him; I told him I needed to go see you.”
“No, Becca.  Go ahead and go with Chris.  I’ll just be sleeping anyway.”
“You sure?” Kayde could hear the worry in her voice.   A part of him wanted desperately for her to come to him and hold him, comfort him.  However, he needed some time to get himself together and figure things out.
“Yeah, I’m okay.  Call me when you get back, okay?”
Becca sounded uncertain as she answered, “The minute I get back.”
They said their farewells, making sure to tell each other how much they loved each other.  Kayde was half scared to hang up, afraid Becca’s song would cut off with the connection.  Thankfully, her sweet sound echoed after he snapped the phone shut.
After staring at the foot of his bed for fifteen minutes, he opened the phone again and pressed the speed dial.  Phantom of the Opera sounded in his ear for a moment before his dad’s voice answered cheerily, “Hello, Kayde!  How goes the working world?”
Kayde found himself unexpectedly tearful again.  He would never have dreamed that he could become homesick, but there it was, punching him in the gut.  It took a moment to speak.  “I’m doing okay,” he said.  “I’m still working at the B & B.”  It felt good to talk about something normal.  Kayde relaxed a little, feeling suddenly tired.  
“Well, son, I’m proud of you for sticking with it this long.  Your new card will be in the mail today, and I’ll add some money to the account.  You’ll be out of there in a couple days.”
Kayde was stunned into silence.  He’d forgotten about leaving Glenville since he and Becca had begun dating.  Even with the terrible gossip flying around town about him and all the strange feelings he was experiencing, it had never once crossed his mind to leave.  That would mean leaving Becca, which was something he couldn’t do.
“Kayde, that you?” his mother’s voice entered the line.  His dad must have him on speaker phone. 
“Hi, Mom.  How are you?”
“Oh, good.  We sure miss you!” her voice sounded strained for a moment, and Kayde envisioned her holding back a few tears.  “We are all so proud of you.  How are things going?”
Before Kayde could answer, Tayla’s voice rang out, “Hey Kayde!  What are you doing?”
Kayde chuckled, “I’m talking to you, goose!  What are you doing?”
Tayla rambled on for a good few minutes, talking about her dog, the cute boy next door she had a crush on, and, of course, how she’d been singing and singing and singing every day.  More stinging tears; Kayde hadn’t realized just how much he was missing his family until now.
When Tayla was finally done, Kayde’s dad spoke again, “So, Son, where will you be heading to next?  You’re almost to the border—think you might get to some of Grandpa’s old haunts?”
Kayde paused before answering, “I don’t know.  I thought I might stay here a little longer.”  
There was silence before Tayla’s voice burst through, “You’ve found a girl!  He’s found a girl!  Who is she?  Is she pretty?  What’s her name?”
Kayde shook his head in wonder.  “How in the world did you figure that out just by me saying I was going to stay?”
Kayla’s voice had the “duh!” sound to it as she answered, “Because you would never stay anywhere for long unless a girl was there!”
Chuckling in spite of himself, Kayde said, “Well, you’re right, you little twerp!”  He had to pull the phone away to save his ear drum from Tayla’s ecstatic squeal.
“But I have other things to talk about right now,” he said.  He needed to find out a few things.  Tayla’s disappointed groan made him smile again.  “Okay, Tayla. I’ll give you one thing, but then you go off and do something else while I talk to Mom and Dad, okay?”
“Oh, alright.”
“Her name is Becca.”
There was a gasp and then a dreamy little girl’s voice, “Becca…That is soooo pretty!”
“Okay, Princess, off you go.  Let the adults talk for a minute,” his Mom ordered.  When he was sure Tayla had left the room, Kayde addressed his parents.
“Dad, when you were going through our family history, did you come across anything at all about our ability, like what it all involves, what it can do?”
“Well, not really.  All our family was definitely musical—in our special way.  I never did find any records that indicated where it originated from or what it all entailed.  And, as you know, I hit a dead end at close to a hundred and thirty years back.  I couldn’t find any family past that point anywhere.  It was like they were just wiped out of history.”
This wasn’t helping.  Kayde felt uncomfortable again.  “Dad, Mom, when you were up here, did you ever experience anything….strange?”
 “Why?  What do you mean by strange?”
So many questions flooded him then, he wasn’t sure what to ask.  He wanted to know about Becca—was she one of them?  Why could they hear each other’s music?  Why could she stop his dark emotions?  But, more importantly, he wanted to know about what happened to him today. Why had her music stopped?  Why had he been so terrified, he’d been willing to run and leave her in the middle of possible danger?
“Kayde?  What’s the matter?  Is everything really okay?” his mom’s voice was getting higher pitched.  
“Yes,  I’m okay.  I think.  There’s just been a lot of weird things going on with me lately.”
“You mean like going through puberty all over again?” his dad asked, his voice amused.  “I went through something like that around your age.”
“Oh, yes!” his mother piped in.  “Especially if you’re falling in love, Kayde.  You’ll experience some things…well,” he could almost hear her blush, “I won’t get into details but when your dad and I first started dating--”
Kayde groaned, cutting her off.  This was getting him nowhere. He shuddered to think what his mother would’ve told him if he hadn’t stopped her.  “Never mind!  I’ve got to get some things done for Mrs. K now,” he lied.  He was suddenly ready to get off the phone.
“Alright.  But if you need to talk, at any time, just give us a buzz,” his dad answered.  They said their farewells and hung up. Kayde sighed and ran a hand through his hair in frustration. His call had gotten him nowhere. He had way too many unanswered questions.
Kayde yelled as something attacked the back of his jeans.  



Chapter Fourteen
The Locket

Kayde leapt up and spun around to find a lone paw stretching through the crack under the door.  The paw seemed a creature all its own for a moment, reaching and searching for something to stick its claws into.  Kayde found himself smiling, in spite of his former annoyances with the animal.  
The cat soon lost interest and meowed its way down the hall.  Flopping with his back against the bed, Kayde stared at the ceiling, feeling drained.  He attempted to sleep for half an hour before his buzzing mind drove him out of his room.  He needed to do something with his hands to clear his head.
Mrs. K was still gone, probably having tea with her old lady friends in town—or maybe with that other policeman, Adams. He’d seen Adams flirting with Mrs. K on occasion. In any case, Kayde was grateful.  He wasn’t in the mood for conversation.  
Sidestepping the cats, he made his way out of the house and to the garage.  Once inside, he pushed the garage door button, inviting the fresh spring air and warming sun into the dank building.  Then, he strode toward the west wall where a wooden work table, covered with scattered tools, waited in quiet patience to be used.  Kayde had grown accustomed to the tools, using them for fixing drains, lawnmowers, and the white wooden fence that bordered Mrs. K’s incredibly large lawn.  
Kayde looked longingly at the covered Indian resting peacefully in the corner.  A brief temptation washed over him before he dismissed it.  Mrs. Kline had been good to him while he’d been here.  He wouldn’t take anything from her without asking.  The realization startled him a little.  He didn’t think he’d do anything to hurt Mrs. K now—including singing to get out of work.
Shaking his head, Kayde turned back to the work table.  A simple wooden box rested in the corner, nearly hidden by a stack of tossed-aside wrenches.  He picked it up carefully and then set it before him.  It was the one his dad had given to Kayde on his sixteenth birthday.  He’d sung a melody into the box, into the wood, binding the music to the item.  He only did this on very special occasions for very special people.  Otherwise, the trinkets his dad made used the typical cylinder marked with varied bumps that pressed against metal fingers as the cylinder turned, creating the music.  Still, even those had his dad’s special touch; they just weren’t as powerful as the ones he sang together.  He hoped he’d be able to replicate even a little of that magic.
Kayde had to chuckle.  He’d come here to get away from using his music—to escape his family legacy.  He’d been fighting the need to use his gift around Terrance and Gabe, but he’d resisted for Becca’s sake.  He’d promised her he’d never use it to control anyone, especially her. He doubted his powers would work on her anyway. Now, he had need to use it in the most powerful and intimate way…for Becca’s sake.
  Kayde opened the lid, releasing the music from the belly of the simple container, allowing it to caress the air.  Involuntary tears stung his eyes as a clear image of his father formed in his mind.  He felt the love his dad had for him, felt all that he’d sacrificed and endured for Kayde’s sake, even though he’d never deserved it.
Nature seemed to respond to the music as well; birds and crickets increased their music accompanied by a chorus of frog song from the small pond behind Mrs. K’s property.  Even the wind took on a more gentle whisper as the melody rode on the currents of air swirling through the garage.
Before Kayde could get too caught up in his dad’s music, he plucked a wooden heart from the velvet interior and slammed the lid shut.  He held the heart tenderly for a moment as the music from the box died away with a strange echo.  For a locket, the heart was a little large, but he didn’t have the skill to make it any smaller.  He’d spent hours late into several nights cutting the wood and carefully sanding it as he sang Becca’s song.  The wood was a little reluctant at first, but with some help by musical persuasion, he’d finally molded it to the desired shape and size.  
Then, Kayde had carefully cut the heart in half, leaving only a portion in the back connected.  This area, with more singing and coaxing, he carved and shaped until a hinge was created from the same, continuous piece of wood; he didn’t want to ruin it with an out-of-place metal hinge.  
Taking what crude instruments Mrs. K had handy, he’d continued by carving into the centers of the two heart-halves, creating a frame where two pictures would fit—one of him, and one of Becca.  
Now, Kayde began the finishing touches to the outside of the heart.  He carved a delicate design of two hearts intertwined; a ribbon swirled around the two hearts on which rested a single musical note, directly in the center, binding the hearts together.  The work was so intricate, he had to focus on Becca’s song and on his work completely to keep from slipping and ruining the whole thing.  He made small cuts, tiny adjustments to the design, concentrating on the grain of the wood, the tip of the tool, and the music.
After forty-five minutes, Kayde was finished.  He stretched his arms and rolled his neck, relieving the tension from sitting for so long in deep concentration.  With a grin, he realized how much working with his hands—and thinking of Becca—had helped clear his head.
Kayde dug out two pictures he’d been carrying around in his pocket and cut them into heart shapes with their faces in the middle.  He carefully opened the locket and placed them inside. Now the hard part.  His stomach tickled.  He’d watched his dad sing his music into a piece before, but Kayde had never even tried.  What if he couldn’t do it?
He thought back, trying to remember what his dad did during the procedure.  He’d usually closed his eyes, hummed or sung songs that flowed naturally and powerfully from his heart with sincerity that brought tears to the eyes of anyone who heard it.  The music always somehow magically transferred into the wood and played every time the recipient opened it, reminding them of the love and sacrifice the giver had put into making it for them.
Kayde stared down at the locket, doubting his ability to mimic his dad’s.  What if he did it wrong?  Would it destroy the locket he’d worked so hard on?  His dad’s voice echoed in his mind, “I just close my eyes, take a cleansing breath, and then think about the person I’m making the piece for.  I think about my love for them, my passion, my desire to make them happy at any and all costs.  I hear their song, the song that belongs to that person and no one else. I hum or sing the song, thinking of them and feeling them.”
Closing his eyes, Kayde did as he was instructed.  Becca’s face leapt into his mind a breath before her music sounded in his head.  “Oh,” his dad’s voice interrupted, “And it’s very important to handle the piece while you sing into it—hold it, even caress it, treat it as if it is the person you are making it for.”
Kayde looked down at the locket cradled in his palm.  Becca’s picture smiled up at him.  He smiled back; closing his eyes, he allowed the music to resume.  He took a deep breath—the cleansing breath—and stroked the heart tenderly with his fingertips.  Instinctively, he hummed Becca’s song; the beautiful, haunting music flowed from his throat as smoothly as mist over a river.  Kayde let his mind re-live every moment he’d shared with Becca.  In his mind, her blue eyes and angel face shone brightly as she leaned out the window of Chris’ silver truck; his angel.  Kayde’s heart leap and he hummed louder.  He remembered their first touch, how her warmth had dissolved his raging emotions and  wild song; he thought of their first kiss up in the badlands and how it, even now just thinking about it, sent him to other worlds, to the heavens, to pure joy.  
Kayde’s music accelerated and his fingers shook as he continued to caress the heart, just as tenderly as he’d caressed Becca’s face so many times.  Every moment, every expression, her musical giggle, sparkling eyes, his wonder and awe over her personality and her power over him—all were transferred into his music.  He lost track of time—of anything—except Becca, the song, and the energy trailing from his core, down his fingers, and into the wood.
When Kayde finally finished, he felt as if he’d just run several miles uphill.  It took great effort to open his eyes, and tears blurred his vision.  He carefully closed the locket, his heart pounding in his ears.  He sat on the old bar stool in front of the work table.  Had it worked?  Kayde pressed his shaking fingers to the edges of the locket, pulling it open a tiny crack.
He nearly fell off the stool when a sniffle sounded from behind him.  It’d been as loud to him as gong reverberating in his skull.  He spun around and gaped at Mrs. K who, teary eyed, stood at the inside of her open car door.  When had she pulled up?  He hadn’t even heard her!
“That…sniff…was the most…sniff…beautiful thing I’ve ever heard…sniff.”  She pulled a laced hanky from her pocket and dabbed here eyes.  
Kayde was frozen in shock. She heard me singing!  He hadn’t allowed himself to sing the entire time he’d been living in Glenville, intent on denying his family legacy to take hold of him.  He’d done it today for Becca—and someone had heard him! 
Mrs. Kline stepped forward and spoke again.  Her voice was soft, but seemed loud to Kayde.  “I could see Henry standing there, as clear as day.  He was smiling at me.” Her eyes glossed over for a moment.  “He didn’t speak, Kayde, but I know he wants me to know he’s okay.  He wants me to be happy.”  A radiant smile beamed from her face as a single tear rolled down her wrinkled cheek.  After a moment, she slammed the car door shut, nearly sending Kayde to the floor as he jolted off the stool from the intense sound.  “Oh, dear, I went and spoiled the moment, didn’t I?”  She giggled nervously.
Kayde stood stiffly, trying to keep his balance, as Mrs. K approached.  She placed a tender hand on his flushed cheek, her eyes shining up at him.  “I always knew there was something special about you.”  Kayde couldn’t speak.  Did she know what he was?  “The cats knew, too.  You have a gift, Kayde.  You can sing!  I’ve never heard a voice like that—not quite, anyway.” She removed her hand from his face, shaking her head slowly in awe.  She took a deep breath and turned to look at the covered motorcycle in the corner of the garage.  “Henry used to sing, too. His voice was so beautiful and entrancing.”  She turned back to Kayde.  “Don’t worry, I won’t tell a soul!  I know how you motorcycle types like to keep up a certain reputation.  Just promise me one thing,” she said.
Kayde swallowed and managed to mumble, “Hmm?”
“Let me hear you sing once in a while.  And,” she continued, turning again to the motorcycle, “Promise me you’ll ride the Indian once in a while, too.  Henry would be upset that I’ve let it sit so long.”  She patted his cheek before turning to leave the garage.  
It was a few minutes before Kayde came out of his trance.  He breathed a sigh of relief as he unclenched his fist from around the locket.  Mrs. K just thought he had a really good singing voice.  She didn’t suspect anything more than that.  And, his heart beat quicker at the thought that she was going to let him ride the Indian!  
He gently placed the locket in the box.  He’d give it to Becca however it was.  If it had worked, she should be the first to hear the song when the heart opened.  He’d give it to her graduation night.  A special gift should be given on a special night, right? And, it was only two nights away.    
Kayde smiled and sat down.  He was still a little shaky from singing into the wood and from his shock at seeing Mrs. K standing there all teary eyed.  He looked longingly at the covered motorcycle.  I’ll have to get to you later, when my head is clear.  But I promise, I will get to you!
After finding his way shakily into the house, Kayde made a B-line to the refrigerator.  He was suddenly famished.  Mrs. K was in the kitchen, humming and dancing, her cats high tailed and purring as they weaved between her shuffling feet.  “Oh, are you hungry?  Sit down, I’ll have a sandwich fit for a king in no time!”
Kayde obeyed, all too ready to be off of his trembling legs.  Mrs. K was true to her word; the largest, most delicious sandwich was placed before him in few minutes’ time.  Layer upon layer of cold cuts, cheese, lettuce, pickles, red onions, and things Kayde couldn’t even see were tucked neatly between two halves of a golden, homemade hoagie bun.  He took the first bite, stretching his mouth as far as it would go to fit it around the masterpiece.  He closed his eyes and relished the flavorful moment.
Mrs. K patted his back, satisfied with his reaction.  “So,” she said as she began replacing things in the fridge. “I’m hoping I get to keep you around for awhile, since Becca is registered at the college in Melstone City, hmm?  It’ll be nice for her to live close enough to stay at home.  I do believe she’s taking a lot of her classes online.”
A large chunk of sandwich caught in Kayde’s throat, threatening to choke him.  He took a large gulp of milk that Mrs. K had set before him and swallowed.  He hadn’t thought about Becca going to college.  They’d never even talked about it.  After earlier today, he’d been  letting his mind play with ideas of running away with her after graduation—he had a desperate desire to get her as far away from Glenville as possible.  He felt a trace of the fear he’d felt by Toby’s house as panic pounded its fists against the walls of his heart.  He couldn’t let her continue living that close to Toby or his mother.
“Are you alright?” Mrs. K had a hand on his shoulder, looking down at him with concern.  “Is the sandwich not good?”
Clearing his throat, Kayde forced a smile and told her it was terrific.  He commanded his brain to focus on the food so he could finish it, and then thanked Mrs. K and went outdoors.  
The afternoon sun bathed everything in warmth, drawing out the colors of spring in sharp clarity.  Kayde leaned against the fence along the yard—the one he’d spent several hours repairing—and pulled his cell from his pocket, a determined scowl on his brows.  In two days, he’d have his new bank card, and Becca would graduate.  One way or another, Kayde would convince Becca to leave Glenville with him graduation night.




Chapter Fifteen
Convictions

Becca leaned against Mrs. Kline’s white fence with her arms crossed over her chest, mirroring the angle of her frustrated brows.  Kayde had been trying to convince her for the past two days that leaving town with him graduation night—tonight—was a good thing to do.  She just couldn’t get him to understand that she couldn’t up and leave Chris, not after all that he’d sacrificed for her.  
It wasn’t that Becca didn’t want to be with Kayde.  She wanted that more desperately than ever, especially after losing his music momentarily the other day, and his strange behavior since.  He was becoming more tense and irritable and her resistance to do what he was asking only made it worse.  
They were repeating an argument they’d had what felt like a thousand times in the past two days. Becca had her fill of it. “Kayde, we’ve been over this already.  I can’t just leave Chris!  Besides,” her cheeks grew hot.  How could she put this delicately?  Would he understand?  This was a subject she’d left out of their previous arguments, but maybe it was time to draw it out.  “I-I can’t just be with you. I mean, what, exactly, will you be expecting..?”   Becca looked up at the sky as she bit her lower lip, hoping for some type of miracle to help her say what she needed to say.
Kayde stood directly in front of her, scowling.  “You don’t want to be with me?” His face drained of color and his brows threatened the top of his nose.
“NO!  That’s not what I meant.”  Becca swallowed and rubbed her temples.  This was embarrassing.  How could someone with Kayde’s experiences begin to understand her convictions about saving herself for marriage?  Was he expecting that from her if she went with him? How could he not? But if not, then why was he so anxious to get her to run away?
Becca sighed heavily; here she stood, facing the one man she desperately did want to be with in that way.  She longed for it more than anything--she dreamed about it constantly, feeling the effects from those dreams long after she was awake. It was like having a walking dream whisper.  She’d never felt such passion towards anyone.  Love was definitely a powerful thing!
But she didn’t want it this way—just rushing into it, not allowing it to be special.  She wanted it to be right, to be magical; no guilt attached.  “I mean,” she looked at her feet.  She couldn’t stand to look in his eyes, afraid of what his reaction might be.  “I’ve,” she faltered, clearing her throat. Oh, please, God!  Get me through this horror!  “I’ve been saving myself for marriage.  I’ve never been with a guy in a physical way before,” she blurted out.  She waited in tortured silence for Kayde to react.  After what seemed like an hour, he hadn’t said anything, so Becca cautiously looked up.  The corners of Kayde’s mouth curled up, his eyes sparkled with amusement.  Great!  Glad I could be the entertainment for the day! She looked at her shoes again.
Strong, warm hands gently took her shoulders.  Kayde pulled her to his chest and hugged her.  “I kind of figured that out already, Becca.”  His voice rumbled through his chest against her ear.  “Besides,” he added, “we were taking things slow, remember?”
Becca was a little more hopeful, now that she knew Kayde wasn’t going to make fun of her.   “Thank you for understanding,” she said after a few moments.  Kayde pulled away, sliding his hands down her arms, leaving ripples of goose bumps all the way.  He took her hands in his.  
Kayde gave Becca an intense look that caught her heart between beats.  “I’d wait until my dying day if that’s what makes you happy,” he said softly.  “I don’t want to force you into anything.  I just want to get away from Glenville.”  
Becca felt the sting at the back of her eyes.  She knew he meant what he said.  He was willing to do what made her happy.  Why was it so hard for her to do what made him happy?  She surveyed his face again and questioned him, “Does your need to leave so soon have something to do with what happened the other day?  You never really told me what that was all about.  You seemed upset—and scared.”  She mumbled as she added, “I was scared.”
Kayde tensed as she spoke, a good indication that she was on track.  He released her hands, and then leaned against the fence beside her.  The early afternoon sun was hot against Becca’s skin.  If they stood out here much longer, she’d get sunburned.
Becca looked over at Kayde as he raked his hair with his fingers and sighed heavily.  The sun reflected off golden strands previously hidden among the brown hairs of his head, giving him a halo.  A crease troubled his brows, and his jaw flexed beneath stubble that had grown over the past few days.  He was, once again, the glorious biker-angel from their first meeting.  His lips pressed together for a moment before he released them.  Becca watched the blood rush back into his full mouth as he sighed.  Her mouth watered as her convictions wavered like the air over the heated highway.
“I don’t know what happened the other day, Becca,” he spoke quietly, the fear in his tone distracting her previous emotions. “But whatever it was, it happened in front of your friend’s house, with him and his mother right there.  And then I lost you—I couldn’t hear your music.  That terrified me!”  His hands had balled into fists, causing the veins in his arms to bulge. He looked at her with passionate intent.  “I NEVER want that to happen again!”
Becca tried to swallow.  She didn’t know what to think or say.  She’d lost his music then, too. And it had terrified her as much.
Kayde faced her again, placing his hands on her arms and squeezing until it hurt.  “I think something is going on with Toby and his mom.  There’s something dark and evil there, and I don’t want you getting hurt!”
Sudden anger assaulted Becca, mixing with the fear. “How can you say that?  Toby has been my best friend most of my life!  If there was something evil there, I think I would’ve noticed!”  Even as she defended her friend, Becca’s memory produced images of the creepy, thorny bushes outside Toby’s house and the eerie feelings she always got when she was there.  She shook the thoughts away as she scowled at Kayde.
Kayde’s jaw flexed again before he spoke, “Then what else could it have been?  Something is very, very wrong in Glenville!”
“I don’t know, Kayde.  But you will NOT accuse Toby of being evil.  He’s the most kind-hearted, gentle person I know.  And Catherine has always treated me and Chris like family. She was really there for us when Mom and Dad died.” How could they even be having this conversation?  Kayde’s accusations stung, burning too deep.  Becca fought angry tears.
Kayde turned away from her, exhaling in a frustrated fashion.  Becca was thankful her cell phone rang then.  It was Toby.  “Hi, Toby!” she said in the most cheerful tone she could muster.  Kayde spun around and gaped at her.
“Okay, I’ll be there soon.”  She closed the phone and faced Kayde.  “It’s time to get ready for graduation.  I promised Toby we’d help each other prepare.  I’ve neglected him lately.”
Shaking his head, Kayde answered, “You really don’t care about anything I’ve just said, do you?  He could be dangerous, Becca!”
“Funny.  He said the same thing about you not long ago,” Becca answered defensively.  Her guard dropped immediately when she noticed the moisture in Kayde’s eyes.  He really is worried!  She took his hand and squeezed it, offering a bit of comfort.  “I’ll be fine.  Toby wouldn’t do anything to hurt me.  Besides,” she smiled up at him.  “You can give him a threatening icky-eye when you drop me off if it’ll help you feel any better.”
He looked at her like she’d lost her mind.  She quickly spoke before he could protest again, “I rode out here with you, remember?  You have to give me a ride back into town.”
Contrasting thoughts battled in Becca’s brain as Kayde gave her a ride to town.  Hugging him as she rode on the back of the Shadow with the freedom of the wind in their faces and the highway stretching invitingly ahead made her want to change her mind about running away with him.  She pressed against him tighter, feeling his warmth through his T-shirt.  What would be so bad about leaving Glenville?  Chris would probably pursue his career as soon as she started college anyway.  She was legally an adult now, so she could live on her own.  Why not live on her own with Kayde?
But she knew better.  Chris had worked hard to make sure she’d have a good start in college.  Insurance money from their parents helped, but it was more than the money.  He’d helped her with homework, helped her take the right classes that would help her in college, supported her dreams and ideas—as vague as they’d been lately.  She couldn’t picture him being happy if she walked up to him and said, “I’m leaving with Kayde tonight.  Have a nice life!”
The motorcycle engine changed tone, alerting Becca to the fact that they were slowing as they came to the city limits.  She always thought that was funny that Glenville could have “city” limits.  It was hardly a city.  Maybe when she was able to go somewhere with Kayde, he’d take her to Austin where he’d grown up.  Then, she’d see a real city.  
As they made their way to the high school, Becca considered another reason she couldn’t leave tonight.  Fear.  She’d never been any further from Glenville than a couple hundred miles for sports tournaments.  Plus, she didn’t know if she was ready to leave her parents behind.  Kayde had calmed her dark, sad emotions, but she still felt connected to this place.  It was the last place her parents had lived on this earth.
Becca leaned into the turn as Kayde rounded the school and slowed into the parking lot.  She felt him tense and peered around his shoulder, expecting to see Toby.  Toby was there, but Terrance and Gabe were there, too.  Sour acid churned it Becca’s stomach.  This was not good!




Chapter Sixteen
Enough

Toby’s face was as white as the fluffy clouds over head.  He clutched a book to his chest and was shaking his head slowly.  Terrance and Gabe turned when they heard the approaching motorcycle.  Becca’s skin crawled at the look Terrance gave her.  What was that expression?  His eyes were dark; a creepy, contrasting smile crawled across his lips as he stared at her.  Becca knew what it must feel like to be a rabbit cornered by a fox. She could almost see fangs forming in Terrance’s smile, see saliva dripping from them. She squeezed Kayde’s waist, needing him to shield her from whatever was happening.
Kayde stopped the Shadow and revved the engine.  But Terrance ignored him as he continued to stare hungrily at Becca.  Horrid dark music echoed in her mind.  Kayde!  Her heart beat its way up to her throat as Kayde’s music reflected his thoughts and intentions.  If Terrance didn’t stop, she was sure Kayde would be on him in moments.  
The engine stopped suddenly, causing Becca’s heart to momentarily follow suit.  She gripped Kayde’s waist tighter as he stood, ready to dismount the bike.  “Don’t, Kayde,” she said with quiet desperation.  Fighting with a police officer, no matter how much of a jerk he was, was a bad idea.  
The music grew louder, affecting Becca deeper.  She was angry now, too.  What was Terrance’s problem?  Why was he ganging up with Gabe and bullying Toby?  He was supposed to help the oppressed, not be the oppressor! 
Becca and Kayde dismounted the bike in unison.  In the motion, Becca released Kayde’s waist, muting the dark melody somewhat.  Her heart gave one hard thump as she realized Kayde’s music had touched her the way it had.  She’d been ready to get off the bike and kick Terrance in the groin.  Not that he didn’t deserve it, but that was not the way to handle Terrance.  He used any excuse to cuff someone any more.  Kicking him would be a definite ticket to the jail house.  She briefly wondered where Adams was.  Didn’t the older policeman ever work anymore?
Kayde strode purposefully toward Terrance, his muscles taught, fists clenched.  “Kayde, don’t!”  Becca shouted.  But Kayde didn’t punch Terrance.  Instead, he stopped inches in front of the policeman and stared him down. 
 Gabe leaned against the cruiser and smirked, causing Becca a sharp intake of breath.  They want him to fight!  They’re trying to get him arrested!  Becca could feel Kayde’s tight energy roll off of him in waves.   The dark music was getting louder every second.  Becca’s breath came faster at the sound.  If Terrance didn’t stop staring at her, Kayde would do exactly what they wanted. 
After several minutes, Terrance finally took his gaze off of Becca and glared into Kayde’s eyes.  “What are you looking at, punk?”
Through clenched teeth, Kayde answered, “I was about to ask you the same thing.  That’s my girlfriend you’re ogling.” 
Terrance kept his slimy smile as he looked confidently at Kayde.  “For now, she is.”  Then he spun on his heal and strode toward the cruiser as Gabe got in the passenger side.  
“What is that supposed to mean?” Kayde shouted after him.  His voice was full of fury and fear.  
Terrance gave him a smirk and Becca another hungry glance before he turned to Toby.  “I’ll see you later,” he said, causing Toby’s face to pale even more.  The two bullies drove away, leaving three people standing in dark silence.
Becca turned to Toby.  She rushed up to him and hugged him.  He was shivering. She pulled away and held him at arm’s length.  “What in the world was that all about, Toby?  What’s going on?”
“I’d like to know, too,” Kayde’s angry voice sent chills through Becca.  But Toby only glared at him.  
“Nothing.  They were just being bullies,” Toby said before clamping his lips shut.  Becca turned to Kayde.  His face would terrify any normal person at that moment.  
 She addressed Toby again.  “Go ahead inside. I’ll be there in a minute,” she said softly.   Toby glared at Kayde before he nodded to Becca and went through the double door into the school.  More cars were pulling up as teens arrived to ready themselves for the upcoming ceremonies.  Several gave Becca and Kayde nervous and curious glances, but she ignored them.
Reaching up, Becca placed her hands gently on Kayde’s arms and locked eyes with him.  “It’s okay, now.  Let it go,” she said softly.  Whatever had just happened, they didn’t need to worry over it now.  Besides, she was sure Toby would tell her more when Kayde wasn’t around.  “I have to get ready now.  You have to leave.”
Kayde’s jaw clenched as a breath of wind caught his hair, fanning it over his shining green eyes.  “Don’t you see it now, Becca?” he said softly, darkly.  “Something isn’t right here and you are in some kind of danger.   We have to leave!”
A frustrated huff forced its way out of Becca’s chest.  “Just let me get through graduation, okay?  We’ll talk again tonight after I spend some time with Toby.”  She cringed at Kayde’s wild expression.  “I promised him,” she said firmly. 
Kayde’s fingers found his hair.  He pulled them through half way, then gripped and pulled in anger and frustration.  Becca’s own emotions were growing more taught, ready to snap.  She wanted Kayde to be happy, she wanted Toby to know she still cared, she needed Chris to feel appreciated, and she had to get through graduation.  Terrance and Gabe weren’t helping any with their weirdness.  Becca was dizzy from it all.  Dizzy and drained of energy.  Her shoulders slumped.  “I’m sorry,” she said, tears unexpectedly stinging her eyes.  
Kayde released his hair and looked at her more tenderly.  He nodded and spoke in a strained voice, “We’ll talk more later.”  Pulling her to him, he hugged her so tightly, Becca simultaneously feared and hoped he wouldn’t let go.  “Just promise me one thing, please?”
“What?” she asked, her voice muffled against his chest.
“Be careful.”
Pulling away from Kayde at that moment and turning her back to him as she entered the building had been the most difficult thing Becca had ever done.  In spite of her assurances that all was well and she’d be careful, foreboding clung in the air like a thick cloud.  She felt it all through getting ready for graduation.  Too many people had arrived, denying her a chance to talk to Toby alone.  But she gave him a look and knew he understood that they would be talking later.
The graduation ceremony seemed to drag on for hours.  Becca squirmed in her seat, wishing the speakers would stop trying to be funny and just get on with it.  She swallowed and took a calming breath.  This was supposed to be a happy day.  She turned and looked at Chris sitting behind her in the row of chairs reserved for family members.  He smiled proudly at her, tears shining in his eyes.  She smiled back and, before turning again, tried to spot Kayde.  She knew he was somewhere close, she could feel him.  But she couldn’t catch his form in her quick assessment as she turned to face forward.  
 The last speaker took his seat and it wasn’t long before Becca’s classmates were called forward one by one to claim their diplomas.   When it was Becca’s turn, she put on a smile and walked onto the stage, praying she wouldn’t trip in front of everyone.  Her diploma was handed to her and the tassel on her cap moved from one side to the other.  She smiled and held up the diploma to the cheers of the crowd, just as her classmates had done before her.  Chris’ clear tenor rang out above everyone else as he proudly shouted and whistled and carried on, making her cheeks flame.  
After caps were thrown in the air and congrats were tossed around, pictures taken and gifts exchanged, Becca searched for Kayde.  Not finding him or feeling him, she quickly called him on her cell.  “Where are you?”
“At the B & B.  I got to thinking during the ceremony.  This is a once in a lifetime kind of day.  I didn’t want to spoil it for you.  Besides, I had to come out and get your gift.”
“You got me a gift?”  Becca’s heart swelled.  He’d thought to get her a gift!
“Of course!  A special gift for a special day,” his voice was so tender, Becca momentarily forgot about spending time with her classmates—and even Toby.  But Kayde’s voice changed as he added, “I’ll be in later.  Unless you get done early, then drive out here, okay?”
Becca said she would before they hung up.  She fought the urge to get in her car and rush out to him that very moment.  Toby’s voice distracted that thought. “Becca?”
She turned to him and smiled.  They hugged tightly, congratulating each other.  When they pulled apart, Toby said, “I’m glad you’re here.  I was afraid you’d skip the class party to be with Kayde.”
The injured tone was obvious in Toby’s voice.  “I’m sorry you feel ignored, Toby.  I never meant for things to be this way.  But, I just can’t ignore what I feel for Kayde, either.”
Toby nodded as he looked at his shoes.  A strange smile tugged at his lips.  He looked up at her in a bashful way.  “Well,” he said, giving a small shrug.  “It hasn’t been all bad.” He glanced over at Tara Dickens, the tall, dark haired volleyball star.  They shared a warm look before Toby cleared his throat and spoke again, “Uh, Ryan and I have gotten a lot of ghost hunting done.”  Becca gave him a knowing smile over the look he’d given Tara.  She was pleased to see Toby’s cheeks flush.
As if he’d heard his name, Ryan suddenly appeared, giving them both hearty congratulations.  “Well, now neither of you has an excuse to dodge hunting with me on a school night!” He gave them a cheesy smile as he adjusted his glasses.  
“Glad to see you dressed up for the occasion!” Toby teased.  Ryan’s rumpled shirt was buttoned and tucked haphazardly into the khaki shorts that looked as if they’d been wadded in a ball and left for dead before he’d put them on.  
Ryan ignored his comment.  “Hey, you guys want to ditch the senior party and do some hunting tonight?  I bet you’d have a more memorable night than anyone else!”
Before they could answer, Catherine approached in all her glory. Her white dress suite was crisp and clean and her high polished heals clicked against the gymnasium floor.  She hung on the arm of an equally well dressed man with salted hair and darting gray eyes; Toby’s dad.  Becca had only seen Jack on occasion, as he always seemed to be working.  The man seemed continually nervous.  Maybe being a doctor made a person paranoid.
Catherine wrinkled her nose at Ryan before hugging Toby and then Becca with one of her stiff hugs.  Catherine was not a warm person, Becca decided.  But she wasn’t evil, like Kayde thought.  Maybe she was the real reason Kayde had left earlier.  Becca studied Catherine as she and Jack congratulated them.  “So nice to see you two together again!” she said.  Her shining eyes and happy voice seemed sincere to Becca.  That darkness Kayde had felt near her must have been his imagination.  Becca shrugged it off.  She could convince Kayde of Catherine’s innocence later.
Mrs. Kline approached, squeezing Becca’s shoulders and laughing.  Mrs. K and Catherine gave each other a forced friendly greeting before Catherine and Jack made their leave.  Becca wondered momentarily at the strange encounter, but Mrs. K’s joyous expression toward her distracted her thoughts.  Becca felt her eyes water at Mrs. K’s happiness for her.  She was like a grandmother, and Becca was thankful for all that beautiful lady had done for her.
As the sun sank behind the horizon later, Chris and Becca sat on the sofa in their house thumbing through old photo albums.  Tears rolled down their cheeks as their eyes rested on images of their parents.  “I wish they could’ve been here, Becca,” Chris’ thick voice whispered.  “They’d be so proud of you.”
Becca couldn’t make her voice work.  She just nodded.  Chris spoke again, more clearly this time.  “I’m proud of you, too.” He wrapped an arm round her shoulders and squeezed.
Finally able to relax her throat enough to speak, Becca answered, “I’ll never be able to thank you enough for sacrificing your life for me these past couple of years.” She smiled at him, “I love you.”
Chris squeezed her shoulders again.  “I love you, too, little sister.  And I don’t feel like I sacrificed anything at all.  In fact,” he said, withdrawing his arm and closing the album.  “I’ve been able to do a lot of thinking and re-evaluating lately.  I’m not sure I even want to be an architect.”
Shock jolted through Becca.  She gaped at him as if he were an alien.  “What?  But that’s been your dream all along.”
Chris shook his head.  “No, Becca.  That’s what Dad always said I should do because I had the brains and artistic talent for it, according to him.  I kept on with it because it’s what dad wanted for me.  But after spending time with Kayde working on his bike, I realized my true passion was with motorcycles.  I’d forgotten because I hadn’t ridden much since I left for college.”
Becca sat in silence.  What could she say?  Chris’ words seemed strange to her.  She’d been picturing him as an architect since she was a little girl. 
Continuing, Chris added, “I’ve been talking to a lot of people.  I think,” he paused before a radiant smile brightened his face, “I’m going to open a motorcycle repair shop.”  
Again, Becca could only gape.  Chris chuckled at her expression.  “I know!  Crazy, right?  But, Becca,” he took her shoulders in his hands, his excited energy transferring into her.  “This is what I want.  It’s what I feel called to do.  It feels right, ya know?”
As Chris continued to lay out his plans, Becca could see and feel his excitement.  He was a cheerful person by nature, but she’d never seen him this animated.  He had every detail thought out and the more he talked about it, the more she realized it really was what he wanted.  She was happy for him and told him so.  As she gave him a hug, the doorbell rang.
Chris opened the door and happily invited Toby in.  Becca beamed at him, still feeling the glow of Chris’ euphoria.  “Hey, there!  Ready to go?” she asked.
Toby’s old familiar smile accompanied an enthusiastic nod.  Becca realized how long it’d been since she’d seen him smile like that.  But then, she hadn’t been around him much without Kayde in tow.
They said their farewell’s to Chris and went to the senior party.  After playing games, mingling a bit, having a few snacks, and playing more games, Toby approached Becca.  “Are you having fun?” he shouted above the music that threatened to bring the roof crumbling down on them all.
She shrugged and smiled.  It was good to spend time with all her classmates again, but she was missing Kayde.  She didn’t think mentioning that would be a good idea, though. 
“Would you mind coming to the house for a bit?  I want to talk to you about something,” Toby shouted and she nodded in agreement.  They left the building together, the music still throbbing in Becca’s eardrums.  
While Toby fiddled with unlocking the Duster, Becca quickly texted Kayde, telling him she was okay and still “partying”, but left out where she was going.  He texted back, begging her not to be too much longer.  He certainly didn’t make it easy for her to want to stay with Toby.  But she owed Toby the time and attention.  She felt a little sad, thinking of how they might drift even further apart now that they had graduated.
Toby’s parents weren’t at home.  “They like to go out and celebrate on nights like this.  They probably expected me to be out til the wee hours of the morning.”  It was12:30 according to the Grandfather clock.  Early for senior party night.  
They made their way to Toby’s room.  The familiar clutter caused Becca to smile.  She flopped onto the bed, allowing herself the momentary pleasure of sinking into a cloud.
Toby sat at his desk as Becca pulled herself to a sitting position.  He picked up that book she’d checked out for him.  “Don’t worry,” he said smirking.  “This is actually a copy I bought at the book store.  I took the one you checked out back to the library.”
“That good, huh?”
His face screwed up in a strange way.  “Well, I’m not sure about good.  But definitely interesting.”  He pulled out a crumpled piece of paper from between the pages, stared at it for a moment, and then rose and walked over to Becca.  His hand shook as he handed the paper to her.
Becca was immediately curious.  “What’s this?”
“It’s the paper Gabe took from me that one day.  It has things written on it, things that I’ve been learning from this book.”
Becca looked at the paper. The creases that had formed from Gabe’s crushing fist distorted some of the writing and symbols.  Becca wasn’t sure what to make of it. But as she studied it closer, her breath caught in her throat at a term that leapt off the page. “Music Mage:  A person who practices the magic of musical influence to manipulate and/or alter the world around them.”  Did Toby suspect something about Kayde?  How could he?  Kayde had been so careful, resisting singing out loud, even to her.
Trying to disguise the shaking in her voice, Becca asked, “What is this about, Toby?”  He stared at her, his face ashen.  But before he could answer, a loud honk sounded outside.  They both jumped and then ran to his window and peered between the dusty layers of the mini-blinds.  Terrance’s cruiser was parked in the driveway; he and Gabe stood in front of the car, their backs to the headlights so that their features were eerily hidden in shadow. 
“Toby!  I know Becca’s in there!” Terrance shouted.  His voice made Becca’s skin crawl.  “We need to talk to both of you!”
Toby turned to her, his face showing his panic.  “We have to hide!”
Becca felt his urgency for a moment, but then a dark calm washed over her.  Her brows furrowed.  Those two goons had made Toby suffer enough.  She needed to end this.  She looked intently at Toby.  “Enough of this!  I refuse to be intimidated by those two anymore.  We’re going down there and we’re going to make it very clear that they are not going to scare us.  And then, we are going to make them leave!”  Becca turned and rushed out the bedroom door before Toby could stop her.
She huffed her way down the steps to the sound of her friend behind her, begging her to stop.  But his pleas only made her more determined.  Enough was enough.  She didn’t know how, but she would make Terrance and Gabe leave.  
Grasping the front door handle, Becca pulled it open dramatically as Toby shouted, “Becca, don’t!”  She set herself in a firm stance as she faced Terrance and Gabe.




Chapter Seventeen
The Darkness

Kayde’s legs stretched over two steps at a time—not an easy thing to do while bounding down a flight of stairs.  He just couldn’t move fast enough.  He’d felt it the instant Becca had entered Toby’s house.  He didn’t have to call or text, he just knew.  Her current state of endangerment stabbed at him as forcefully as a metal blade.  Why on earth had he left her without his protection?
The Shadow roared to life and Kayde was halfway down the highway before his mind caught up with his body.  He tried to calm down, to think clearly.  But fear had murdered his sanity.  He could think of nothing except getting to Becca and saving her from…
Finally, Kayde’s senses snapped to attention.  He didn’t even know what he was facing here.  What horrors would he find when he got to Toby’s house?  What was there that made him fear so deeply and want so desperately to get to Becca and pull her away from it?  He could see her scowling now, irritated that he’d interrupted her time with Toby for no reason. 
But it wasn’t for ‘no reason’.  His fear was real.  Something was wrong.
Kayde’s fears were replaced with fury as he approached Toby’s house.  The police cruiser stood in the driveway, its headlights flooding a scene tainted red by Kayde’s rage.  Toby was on the ground, holding his stomach and rolling back and forth in pain.  Becca had transformed into a wild animal, thrashing, kicking, punching, and screaming as Gabe and Terrance laughed and circled around her like vultures.  
The Shadow came to a screeching stop, gaining the attention of the persecutors long enough for Becca to connect her fist to Terrance’s jaw.  His eyes bulged for a moment before he turned and slapped Becca across the face, sending her spinning.
It was all Kayde needed.  With a furious cry, he tackled Terrance.  They landed hard on the cement driveway, grunting and growling.  Kayde couldn’t stop the flow of darkness coursing through his veins.  He didn’t even try.  He allowed it free reign as he assaulted Terrance with his fists.  
He wanted the man dead.
Kayde was yanked off of Terrance by a pair of thick hands.  Gabe pulled Kayde’s arms back and squeezed, his hot breath blasting against Kayde’s neck.  Kayde growled with pain and rage, struggling to break free.  Becca screamed for them to stop, but Terrance pushed her back again, forcing her to the ground next to Toby.  
Something snapped inside Kayde. Seeing Becca abused by Terrance’s rough hands had sent him to a new dark place.  His body suddenly relaxed and his mind became cool, calm, and calculating.  The darkest music became clear and real in his mind as Terrance wiped the back of his hand over his bloody lip and gave Kayde an evil smile.  “You’ll pay for that one,” he growled.
Kayde glared back, returning Terrance’s dark smile.  Not tonight!  Terrance took slow, deliberate steps, attempting to intimidate Kayde.  It wasn’t working.  Deep, dark chords of music fought against their leash Kayde held, snapping their jaws like hungry animals.  Soon.  He’d release them soon.  Nothing else existed now except the music and Kayde’s all-consuming desire to use it against Terrance and Gabe.
The dark melody took wing as Kayde opened the cage door, allowing his vocal cords free reign.  The sound ran smoothly up his throat and out his nostrils, permeating the air with deadly darkness.  Terrance froze, his eyes widening.  Kayde felt great satisfaction as he watched the smile melt off the policeman’s face.  
Kayde continued to hum, the music growing louder.  Gabe’s grip loosened and Kayde felt the boy’s arms tremble.  This was it.  Kayde was going to sing the darkest spell he’d ever sung.  Terrance would pay now--and then he would die.
A sliver of light sliced against Kayde’s darkness, stinging like a paper cut.  He was vaguely aware of Becca standing next to him, her hand on his shoulder.  Kayde struggled to stop the flow of evil emanating from his core before it could harm Becca.  What was he doing?  He wanted to hurt Terrance in the worst way, but kill him?
Kayde slowed his music, altering it slightly to keep it from doing permanent damage.  But his fury was not quelled—it wanted to remain free.  Terrance’s eyes glossed over as the new spell washed over him.  Kayde turned to Gabe, making sure the song had affected him, too.  Quickly he looked at Toby and Becca, assuring himself he hadn’t touched them with his dark song.  Toby stood gaping, his eyes a mixture of fear and awe.  Becca’s face was streaked with tears, creases wrinkled brows over her desperate eyes.  “Don’t do it, Kayde,” she pleaded softly.  
But he couldn’t stop it now.  He didn’t know how.  Turning away from Becca, he focused on Terrance and Gabe.  A million horrifying commands raced through his mind—commands that would cause them to harm themselves or each other.  But Becca’s pleading eyes haunted Kayde’s vision.  He clenched his fists, fighting against himself and the music.  Finally, he spoke quietly, darkly.  “You both need to go home.  Now.”
Without hesitation, Terrance and Gabe got into the cruiser and peeled away.  Heavy silence followed.  Kayde turned to Becca, ready to ask if she was okay, ready to demand she leave with him now before anything else could happen.  But her expression threw him off guard.  She shook and her visage was fierce, her eyes pained.  Her ragged breath threw Kayde’s heart off beat.  “How could you?  You promised yourself…you promised me you would never…” her words broke off as Toby came to stand defensively next to her.
“I was trying to protect you!” Kayde shouted.  His emotions were still wildly out of control.  “I did it to save you!”
Becca shook her head slowly.  “I don’t think so, Kayde.  You couldn’t even hear me.  I was screaming at you to stop.  I lost you again—that dark music, it cut me off.  You cut me off, shut me out.  You did it for your own selfish desire to do it!”
The words slapped Kayde.  How could she think that?  “I was defending you!” he shouted.  The pain of Becca’s words had turned to anger.  His fear that she was slipping away from him now only added fuel to that anger.  The tension between him and Becca was nearly tangible.  Breathing heavily, Kayde spoke, “Fine.  You don’t want me to protect you?  You don’t need me around? Then I’m gone!”  He spun on his heal and took enormous strides toward the Shadow he’d practically tossed aside in his fury.  He suddenly wondered why he’d been so quick to help Becca.  She obviously could handle things!
Kayde heaved the bike upright and mounted it.  He struggled for a moment, wanting to stay with Becca, but needing to escape her painful accusations.  Becca tried to shout to him, but he revved the engine, drowning her voice.  He had to get out of here.  He knew when he wasn’t wanted.  Unshed tears stung his eyes.  Kayde put the bike in gear, allowing the tires to squeal against the pavement and leaving an angry cloud of blue smoke in his wake.



Chapter Eighteen
Music Mage

Becca’s pain and fury refused to be thwarted by her sudden fear at seeing Kayde leave the way he had.  That music—it’d been so horrible, so dark.  She was sure Kayde hadn’t meant to just control Terrance and Gabe, to force them to leave against their will.  He’d wanted them harmed, maybe even killed.  Whether he’d realized it or not, Kayde had shielded himself, blocking everything and everyone—including her—as he’d woven his dark melody.  
Shivering, Becca turned toward Toby.  The sight of her friend standing there with a swollen lip and worried expression caused a whole new set of emotions flooding through her.  She broke down and sobbed as he wrapped his arms around her and held her tight.  “I’m so sorry, Toby!” she apologized between sobs.  “I should’ve listened to you.  We should’ve hidden.  This is all my fault!”
Toby squeezed tighter.  “No, Becca.  It’s mine.  I should’ve stood up to Gabe a long time ago.”
They parted and Becca gazed into Toby’s eyes.  “What did they want, Toby?  Why did they come here in the first place?”  She tried to focus on Toby’s face as the echoes of Kayde’s music drifted further and further away.
Toby looked uncomfortable.  “I’m not sure, but I think it has something to do with that book.  Something is happening here in Glenville, Becca.  Something big.”
Invisible hands squeezed Becca’s heart, restricting it until she thought it would stop completely.  Toby was saying the same thing that Kayde had been telling her all along.  “Toby, what exactly are you saying?  What’s happening?  I need to know!”
Scratching at the back of his neck, Toby answered, “I wish I could be clear about it, Becca.  But the truth is, I just don’t have enough facts to give you a solid answer.”
“Well, try!” Becca’s shouted.
Toby licked his lips and paced back and forth in front of her.  “Ever since I started reading that book, learning about music mages and mage masters and the magic of music, strange things have been happening.  And,” he looked intently at her, “it all started when your boyfriend arrived.”
Becca shook her head, “You got that book the same day, Toby.  How do you know it has anything to do with Kayde?”
He gave her a strangled smile.  “After tonight, you still need to ask that question?  Becca, I told you he could be dangerous.  I know what I saw, what I heard!”
Becca swallowed.  She couldn’t lie to Toby.  “Okay, I realize and know that Kayde has an ability. He told me as much himself.  He’s been fighting it, trying not to use it.  He hates it. He ended up here because he was trying to run from it, to escape it. He hasn’t used it at all until tonight.  And he only did it to defend us.”  Panic was seeping in around the corners of Becca’s defenses.  Kayde couldn’t be that danger here.  She couldn’t accept that. 
“He told you that, but even you know he did it out of selfish desire.  You could see it in his eyes, Becca.  He was going to kill them!”
She couldn’t deny what she’d admitted to herself already.  She looked at Toby, “But he didn’t.  He’s a good person, Toby.”  Her friend clenched his jaw with frustration.  Becca needed more answers.  If she could make sense of anything at all, she might be able to help Kayde.  “I read about the music mages on your paper.  Is that what you think Kayde is?”
“After tonight, I know that’s what he is.  That’s why he’s dangerous,” Toby answered wearily.  The fire in his voice had left and he seemed sluggish.
“So, all music mages are evil?” Becca asked, praying for Toby to give an answer she could accept.
“Well, no.  They’re usually good.  But sometimes, they go bad, just like any other human.”
Okay, I can work with that.  I won’t believe Kayde is one of them that has gone bad. 
“Then what is a mage master?  Are they good?” she asked.
Becca followed Toby to the porch where they sat together on the bottom step.  She rubbed the swelling hand she’d punched Terrance with as Toby answered, “A mage master is the only thing that can stop a music mage if they go bad.  With a specific spell cast by a third party, like a witch—yes, I said witch--a mage master can remove a music mage’s song, kind of like magical surgery.  And then, they can give it to someone more worthy—someone with self control, someone noble.”
Take their music?  Becca fought the panic again as images of someone ripping Kayde’s music from his soul assaulted her imagination.  What if someone did take his music—that music that bonded them together so deeply, the music that had saved her from her own misery?
   Becca got a hold of herself and then released a strained laugh.  “Toby, this can’t be real!  This is like those stories in grade school.  You’ve let that book get to your head and you’re believing nonsense!  This is Glenville, not some fantastical place in one of your stories.”  Even as the words left her lips, Becca doubted them.  She couldn’t deny Kayde’s ability.  She’d experienced it herself—and she’d seen him use it tonight.
“It is real, Becca,” Toby said.  “And I think you know it.  You are in danger.”
“Me? What about Kayde?  If he is a music mage, isn’t he in greater danger?” Becca asked. Was someone trying to hurt Kayde?  Was that why he’d freaked out the other day?  Could he sense the danger here that could destroy his music?
Becca stood suddenly, staring at Toby as if she’d never seen him before.  Kayde had felt that fear at this very house, with Toby sitting exactly where he was sitting now. “What do you know about these spells?  Are you trying to stop Kayde from using his music?”
Toby’s face told Becca she’d guessed completely wrong.  His pain at her words spoke plainly enough.  She relaxed and said, “I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean to accuse you.  But you can’t honestly believe that Kayde is the threat here.  He freaked the other day—he was terrified.  Whatever the danger is, he is the one threatened, not me!” The more she thought about it, and spoke the words aloud, the more Becca knew she was right.
“I don’t know what to think,” Toby said.  He stood and faced her. “I just don’t want to see you in the middle of some supernatural war.  I couldn’t take it if anything happened to you.”
Grasping Toby’s arms, Becca looked into his eyes, needing him to see and understand what she was about to say.  “Toby, I love Kayde more than anything in this life.  That doesn’t mean I love you or Chris or anyone else less than I ever have.  But my heart belongs to Kayde, and it always will.  If he is in danger, I have to let him know.  He doesn’t even know what he is—his dad tried to find out their family history and came up empty handed.  But if someone else has figured him out, if someone knows what he is and what he can do, and if that someone is a mage master…”  Becca shivered as a grim picture formed in her mind.
Toby’s eyes were wide, a hint of understanding and even excitement behind them. He finished her sentence, “They’ll be after Kayde’s music—if the master is evil.   But what if Kayde is the dangerous one, Becca?  If there really is a mage master here, maybe they’re trying to save us from Kayde’s magic.”
There was a glimmer of doubt in Toby’s eyes as he spoke.  It was all Becca needed to see.  “You know I’m right, don’t you?  You know Kayde isn’t the bad guy here.”
Scratching at the back of his neck, Toby answered, “I don’t trust Kayde at all, Becca.  But I trust you.  If you say he hasn’t used his ability to make you love him, then I’ll believe you.  Just don’t expect me to let my guard down until I figure this out.”
Becca beamed at him.  She hugged him tightly before saying, “Thank you, Toby!  I have to go find him. I have to tell him what he is and warn him.  Don’t tell anyone else, okay?  I’ll convince him to come back to my house and you can meet us there.  Maybe we can figure this out between the three of us and stop the threat before it starts!”
She didn’t give time for Toby to answer.  She spun and ran back toward her house.  Toby shouted after her, “Be careful, Becca!”
“I will!” she shouted over her shoulder.  When she reached the house, she jumped in her Malibu, excitement pumping in her veins. She knew what Kayde was!  She could help him learn to control his music.  Maybe Toby’s book had more explanations.  They could figure this out.  They wouldn’t have to leave Glenville if they could stop whatever or whoever was threatening Kayde.
Becca stopped at the B & B first.  All the lights were off, the house still and quiet. Not wanting to wake Mrs. K, she peeked into the garage.  Kayde’s bike was nowhere in sight.  Quickly, she jumped back in her car and hit the highway.  She drove toward the badlands.  Somehow, she knew Kayde would be there.




Chapter Nineteen
Dark Spell

Kayde sped through town, seething.  His blood refused to cool, his mind refused to calm.  He felt rejected, even betrayed, by Becca.  He thought she was the one person who could understand him, who could help him.  He’d been weaving through the streets, trying to make sense of a senseless situation.  Becca’s words reverberated in his skull, “You did it for your own selfish desire to do it!”
What if she was right?  What if he’d been ready to fight—even kill—simply for the pleasure of watching Terrance suffer and die?  Or for the pleasure of using the dark music again? Horror and panic shot through him.  What if he was the danger in Glenville?  
Kayde turned his bike toward the badlands.  He needed to clear his thoughts.  The point where he and Becca had first kissed was as good a spot as any to think things through.  It was quiet and peaceful—a perfect contrast to turmoil churning in his core.  
The Shadow turned onto the country highway and roared as Kayde pushed it to a higher speed.  His heart skipped a beat as he passed a police cruiser mostly hidden by a patch of thick brush alongside the road.  He was positive he’d seen Terrance’s face in the driver’s seat, highlighted by the waning moonlight.  How had he denied Kayde’s command to go home? Had enough time passed that Terrance had gone home, and then left again?
The answers eluded Kayde.  But the sight of Terrance brought on the fury again, starting the dark music playing in his mind.  He’d been wrong to accuse Toby and his mother of being evil.  It had to be Terrance—he was the threat in Glenville.  He was obviously desperate and determined to have Becca.  The memory of how he’d looked at her earlier burned in Kayde’s mind—that hungry, animal stare he’d directed at her.  Maybe he was willing to do anything to get her!  Kayde’s imagination dove to depths previously untouched, even in his darkest moments.  Terrance had to be stopped!
Kayde rounded the curve near the top of the hill and slowed. He knew Terrance would follow him—he wanted Kayde out of his way so he could take Becca.  Kayde pulled onto the ledge where he and Becca had first kissed and had spent many other moments together watching sunsets and talking.  It was a perfect place to dedicate his ability to saving her from Terrance.
The engine died as Kayde turned the key.  In the silence of the night, he could hear a car approaching.  He wouldn’t have much time.  Terrance would be coming around the bend in moments.  Mustering his strength, Kayde hummed the dark tune he’d begun earlier, mixed with music from his past that had nearly caused a fatal car accident before.  His voice flowed from his throat in a smooth, deep sound, disturbing the peace of the countryside. This time, he wouldn’t stop.  This time, the spell would connect.  
Kayde focused on the spot where he wanted Terrance’s car to hit the spell.  His voice increased in volume as he opened his mouth, unleashing the power of the song against the road.  Deep, grinding notes played in his head like the dark melodies in the heavier metal songs he used to listen to; a Goth-like melody wrapped around his mind and he allowed the black notes to flow out into the night.  Energy throbbed through the air in a deadly beat toward the road. Kayde could almost see the magic forming a wall—the area over the road shimmered in the moonlight.  He sang louder, strengthening the spell, making sure the wall would hold.  
And he waited.  There was enough room that he would be able to see Terrance come around the bend; and then, he’d be able to watch him racing toward the wall of magic.  He would see Terrance meet his destiny.
Blood pumped with evil excitement in Kayde’s vessels. An oily smile spread across his lips.  Any moment now, the cruiser would appear around the bend.  
As the headlights burst around the corner, Kayde knew immediately that something was terribly wrong.  The car wasn’t a police cruiser.  He squinted against the lights, his heart stopping, the smile slipping from his face.  The silhouette of Becca’s Malibu took shape as it rounded the bend and went straight for the wall!
Kayde jumped on the Shadow, bringing it to life.  He didn’t know how to stop the magic—he had to reach the wall before Becca!  He had to take the spell to save her life!
Kayde’s bike roared down the road, the wind blasting against his body.  Becca couldn’t see him yet—and she wouldn’t see the wall.  Kayde willed his bike to move faster, though he already had it pushed to its limit.  The wall and Becca’s headlights rushed toward him. A strange quiet suddenly engulfed him as if the world was holding its breath.  
And then, a burst of light, the sound of a thousand thunders, screeching tires, shattering glass;  Kayde felt the jolt of his spell burst against him as he flew through the air.  But his thoughts were on Becca.  Had he reached the wall in time?
Bones cracked and blood vessels broke as Kayde’s body flung down the embankment over rocks and grass.  He caught glimpses of the Shadow spinning out of control and crashing further down from him.  It stopped moments before he did, his body smashing against a large boulder.  The wind left his lungs and stars burst in his skull.  He lay still, trying to gasp a breath.
Becca!  As soon as he could collect enough sense, Kayde risked moving a possible broken neck to look around.  Where was she?  Panic pumped adrenaline through him, giving him strength to move his broken body.  The pain and effort were too much and he fell back to the ground, screaming in agony.  Through blurred vision, Kayde saw the crumpled form of a car several hundred feet away.  It lay on its side, the frame twisted, the tires spinning sickeningly; one headlight still shown, casting eerie shadows behind the rocks and trees surrounding them.  The engine squealed in a strange high pitch, as if the gas pedal had gotten stuck in the floored position.
With every ounce of strength left in his body, Kayde released a desperate scream, “RABECCA!”  The sound of his voice echoed as the car’s engine sputtered and died.  The effort of screaming for Becca and his desperation to know if she lived—and the horror of what he’d done—took what little strength Kayde had after absorbing the fury of his own magic.  Before darkness consumed him, he pleaded, “Please, God, if you’re real, don’t let her die!” 




Chapter Twenty
Torn Heart

Becca groaned against the pain in her skull.  She was vaguely aware that she still had her foot pressed against one of the petals.  The engine screamed in a frightening way. Her heart jolted as a scream echoed through the air above the car’s engine. Becca forced her foot to move away from the gas pedal.  Hadn’t she been pressing on the brake? She slowly lifted a bloody arm so she could turn the key.  The car sputtered and died and she let her arm flop back down against her body.
Through the fog in her brain, Becca realized that she’d hit a wall—that shimmering thing above the road.  Kayde!  At first, Becca panicked, worried for Kayde.  Had he survived?
But then, the scene of what just happened replayed in her mind. That wall, Kayde racing towards her…  Tears stung the cuts on her face.  That dark sound she’d heard—it had been dark music, the darkest she’d ever heard.  Kayde had used his magic against her.  Toby had been right—Kayde was dangerous. He’d tried to kill her!
The pain of Kayde’s betrayal tore at the delicate tissue of Becca’s spirit.  A deep chasm yawned open, beckoning her towards it, offering dark comfort.  In her agonized state, she didn’t resist, but let it lure her into its grasp.   Becca closed her eyes and let herself go, allowing the blackness to embrace her.




Chapter Twenty One
Black

Falling.  That was the only word to describe what Kayde was feeling.  He’d slipped through some crack, a wide gaping hole, and was falling, and falling, but never reaching the bottom of the blackness he fell through.  He opened his eyes as wide as he could, but the dark consumed everything around him.  Kayde opened his mouth and screamed;  no sound could be heard.  Deep sorrow took a hold of him and he cried harder than he’d ever cried…silently.  It was so cold in the darkness. He’d never felt so completely and utterly alone.
Don’t leave me alone here! he screamed in his mind.  But who was he screaming to?  No one was there.
After what seemed like days, a whisper touched his ears—it was so out of place in the void that Kayde’s senses were immediately brought to full attention.  A voice whispered a name.  “Rabecca.”
At the sound of that name, Kayde’s body jarred against an unseen floor.  Pain burst through him like a thousand jagged, ripping volts of lightening.  He screamed again and his voice was unleashed.  It filled the air until he thought his ears would burst from the sound.
After his cries echoed away, Kayde lay there, breathing heavily.  A pin-point of light shone above him.  In the darkness, it seemed brighter than the sun.  Struggling against his broken body, Kayde rose and stretched his hand toward the light, squinting.  “Please!  Help me!  Don’t leave me here!” He felt the tears on his face, felt the warmth of them.  The light grew brighter, sending more heat.
Rabecca…  Kayde’s heart beat faster.  He remembered now.  He remembered her, remembered their love, her song--and he remembered what he’d done.  For a time--he had no idea how long, but it seemed an endless time--Kayde’s thoughts kept him grim company.  The light neither grew stronger nor faded as his mind churned with grinding images.  Why had he used his voice?  He’d promised himself, and he’d promised Becca that he wouldn’t.  He shouldn’t have sung that locket into being; it had opened up the music, giving it control again. 
Sorrow took a stronger hold of him; he hadn’t even had the chance to give Becca that locket.  He shuddered at the thought of the dark song he’d conjured at the road.  It had been the most evil thing he’d ever experienced--and it had come from him.  
Clenching his jaw in anger against the pain, Kayde vowed if he was still able to sing in this place, or any other, he would never do so again.  Nothing good ever came of his ability.  If only he’d kept that vow to begin with…
Shame assaulted him as the light grew slightly, reminding him it was there.  He turned away from it with sorrow for Becca cutting through his torn heart.  No, I deserve to be left here.  I deserve pain and loneliness.  Go away!
But the light grew stronger, washing over him, drawing him towards it more strongly than the darkness had drawn him before.  Where will you run, Kayde? the voice asked.  She needs you.
Kayde fell to his knees and bent his body until his forehead touched the floor.  He crossed his arms, hugging against his ribs that ached from his retched sobbing.  How could Becca need a monster?  He’d destroyed the only thing in his life that had ever touched him in a positive way.  Her touch had been so powerful; she’d given him life. She’d helped him become stronger, to be a better person.  He’d been truly happy for the first time that he could remember.  
But he’d set a trap with his stupid ability.  He’d probably killed her.  She would be at peace now, the angel had gone home.
The whisper was more commanding when it spoke again.  Kayde could not deny the power in the voice.  “Kayde, get up. There’s work to be done.  Embrace your purpose.”
“What?  What do you mean? What is my purpose?” Kayde asked as he raised his face toward the ever-increasing light.  He couldn’t understand how he could be any use to anyone now.  Silence returned his questions.  
Then, a far away beeping pulsed through the light.  It was steady and grew louder with every second.  The beep shouted against his eardrum and he jolted, his eyes flying open.  (He hadn’t remembered closing them.)  He looked around, startled and disoriented.  
Kayde sat in an uncomfortable chair.  Pale, florescent light struggled against the dim room.  A blue curtain surrounded the room, adding to the dullness. A medicated smell filled the air, and he could hear faint voices from somewhere outside the curtain.  And lying next to him on a bed…
Leaping to his feet, Kayde shouted, “BECCA!”  The beeping he’d heard was a heart monitor.  Other monitors and tubes were attached to her body, making it look as if she belonged in some science fiction horror movie.  Her face was bruised and scraped, her arm in a cast, her neck in a brace.  Oh, God!  What have I done to her?
Kayde reached shakily for her hand.  She was so pale; she looked insanely fragile, like a porcelain doll.  He placed his hand lightly over her fingers sticking out of the end of the cast.  Hearing her music was the only way he’d know she was really alive.  
The music was there, but faint.  Kayde breathed a sigh of relief.  He hadn’t left her completely brain dead, at least.  He must’ve absorbed most of the spell himself.
Kayde’s heart caught in his throat. Then why am I not hurt?  A blur of memories assaulted his mind.  He’d hit the wall, he’d crashed. His body had been broken--he’d slipped into darkness.  Yet, here he stood, perfect and whole.  Was this part of his powers?  Could he and his family heal themselves quickly? Or, had that strange light done something to him?  Had it healed him?
Kayde wondered at these things as he watched Becca breathe.  The wounds on her face angered him.  They were far worse than what that ape, Gabe, had done to her.  Kayde ran his fingers through his hair, fighting revulsion.  Again, he vowed he’d never use his ability for any reason, whether good or bad.  
He swallowed back the tears, tilting his head to look up at the squares on the ceiling.  Had that light been real?  Please, if you’re really there, help Becca. 
The curtain was suddenly drawn aside in a whoosh of air and rings scraping against a metal rod, causing Kayde to jump.  A plump, red-haired nurse walked to the monitors on the opposite side of the bed and jotted numbers down on a chart.  “Is she going to be okay?” Kayde asked, trying to steady his voice.  The nurse ignored him as she turned and changed the bag of fluids dripping into the tube connected to Becca’s good arm.  
“Please, just tell me how she is.  I need to know,” Kayde spoke more urgently.  Tears stung his eyes.  Why wouldn’t she answer?  Was it because the news was bad? 
The nurse didn’t even look his way.  She gathered up the chart and empty fluid bag and turned to leave the room.  “Hey!  I’m talking to you!” Kayde was suddenly angry.  “Listen to me!  Tell me how she is!  Can you hear me?”  Is she deaf? He needed answers.  Kayde followed the nurse as she stepped out of the room and closed the door behind her.  Without thinking, he stepped through it and then stopped cold.
The door had closed.  He hadn’t reached out and opened it.  He’d just stepped through.  The sound of a thousand motorcycles engines roared in his ears.  He had to have opened the door.  He’d been upset and wasn’t paying attention.  Kayde turned and faced the door.  He stared at the handle for several minutes, scared to touch it.  Shakily, he reached toward it, placed his hand over the smooth silver handle, and squeezed.  
His fingers slipped through the handle as if they were nothing more than air.
Oh, no! No! No! No!  Kayde backed away from the door in state of shock and panic.  Becca hadn’t died--but he had!




Chapter Twenty Two
Memory Echoes

Becca laid still and quiet, listening to the sound of her own breathing.  She thought she was awake, but it was so dark.  A sound drew her attention toward a tiny light that beckoned her; she didn’t move.  She was comfortable here, resting and feeling nothing.
The light persisted, growing brighter until it dissolved the darkness.  I’m dreaming, she decided.  She got up and looked around.  Flashes of color sparked around her, accompanied by strange sounds.  She watched them for a long while before she realized they were memories.  Memory echoes, she dubbed them excitedly.
Intrigued, Becca reached out and touched one.  It was louder than the rest, drawing her interest.  As her fingers touched the light, the memory opened and played before her like an old home video.  Familiar music sounded in her ears, making her heart leap with joy.  But then a shimmering wall appeared before her, and a motorcycle--“Kayde!”  Becca screamed, but then stopped short, withdrawing her hand sharply.  Drums pounded in her ears and she breathed heavily.  She didn’t want this memory.  She loved Kayde so deeply, but he’d wounded her even deeper.  She couldn’t handle it.  She moaned in anguish as tears streamed down her face.
The memory returned to its previous state, moving along as a simple spark of color and distorted sound.  Becca watched it trail away, and then turned to others, trying to keep a hold of her sanity.  Each recent memory included him.  Each one, Becca released and let it trail away to somewhere in her subconscious. She didn’t want those any more.  She couldn’t survive with them showing themselves to her now.  She shielded herself from them, refusing to touch another one until she knew her mind had gone back far enough to forget those things—to forget him.
Rabecca? A soft voice distracted her attention away from the lights and other sounds.  She looked up, though not sure why.  Maybe she thought God was calling her.  Had she died?  Was it time to go home?  The thought thrilled her.
But another soft voice spoke in a whisper, different from the first.  “Not yet. You must return for a time.  You’ll come back when I call you.”
Though the words weren’t what she wanted to hear, she felt oddly comforted by them.  The first voice sounded again, “Rabecca? Can you hear me?”
Becca closed her eyes.  She suddenly felt heavy, tired, and in pain.  She groaned and tried to roll her head to the side, but it wouldn’t move.  Something was holding it still.   Her eyelids fluttered open and saw Chris next to her, leaning expectantly in her face.   For a split second, she thought she saw a man standing in the shadows behind Christ.  The man vanished and Becca focused her attention on her brother.  His dark blue eyes were wet and worried, like a stormy sea.  Why was he looking at her like that?  Better yet, where was she?
“She’s awake!” Chris shouted as he momentarily turned his face away from her. Several people filed into the room, but Becca couldn’t tell who all was there.  Dr. Kasden, Toby’s dad, was suddenly hovering over her, shining a light in her eyes.  The light seemed familiar, but Becca couldn’t fathom why.  
The doctor took the light away and looked into Becca’s eyes.  Colored spots appeared on his face every time she blinked.  “What do you remember, Rabecca?” Dr. Kasden asked softly.  His gray eyes darted to the side for a moment before they studied her face again.
Becca thought for a moment.  She didn’t know what she remembered.  She certainly had no idea why she was in the hospital.  “I-I’m not sure,” she said, her voice raspy from her dry throat.  She tried to sit up, but pain in her arm and neck stopped her short.
“Take it easy, Sis,” Chris said.  “You’ve had a bad accident.  Your arm is broken and you shouldn’t move your neck.” Becca looked at him, moving only her eyes.  He blinked and smiled bravely, trying to hide his tears.
“I was in an accident?” she asked softly.  Nothing was making sense.  When had this happened?  Well, obviously not long ago as she still lay here in the hospital!  She looked at the doctor.  “The last thing I remember was going to the Spring Fling.  Did I crash on the way home?”
All color drained from Chris’ face as Becca looked at him again.  A couple soft gasps sounded from the other people in the room.  Chris looked worriedly at Dr. Kasden.  Becca moved her eyes in the doctor’s direction again.  His jaw was tight, his eyes sad.  Becca looked back at Chris.
“Becca, the Spring Fling was well over a month and a half ago.  It’s two days after graduation,” Chris answered in a small whisper.
What? This couldn’t be true, could it?  They were playing a joke, trying to lighten the mood.  She released a small laugh, waiting for them to join her.  Chris’ face remained serious and sad.  “You’re not joking, are you?” Becca asked, sobering.  The tears were already distorting her vision.  Chris shook his head slowly.  Becca swallowed and her heart sank.  I’ve just lost an entire month and a half of my life!

********************************************

Two days later, Becca was released and brought home inside a shield of people; it was as if Chris, Toby, and his parents were all afraid she might fall and break.  Others had been overly helpful after she’d made it home, bringing her and Chris food and offering to watch her while he ran a few errands he’d been neglecting.  It was just like when her parents had died.  That memory was crisp enough, feeding that all-too-familiar emptiness inside her heart.  Why couldn’t that memory have been dulled?  
At least her neck brace was gone.  She’d hated that thing.  It was so confining.  Her neck was still sore, but she’d insisted it be removed before she left the hospital.  In a way, Becca felt she still wore it.  She’d barely set foot outside except to come home from the hospital.  The past couple days had felt like years.  She’d thankfully had the good company of her friends.  Many of her class mates had stopped in, giving her flowers and cards.  Toby had been there every day, making sure to spend time with her, talking to her, trying to help her remember.  His eyes were always so sad.  Had she forgotten something important about him?
Dr. Kasden wouldn’t allow anyone to tell her anything about the days she’d lost from her memory.  She had to search her mind and find them for herself, he’d said.  She’d been thumbing through photo albums and pics on her digital camera, trying to recall anything at all.  But the memory in her camera was as empty as her own, and some photos from her albums had been removed. When she questioned Chris about it, he’d just shrugged and said she must’ve taken them out for a school project—maybe for the slide show they’d played at graduation.  She’d have to try to get them back.  Maybe one of them would help her remember something.  If she could at least remember graduation…  She’d like to remember a little of it, even though Toby had said it had been boring.
Later that night—her first night back home—Becca allowed Chris to help her to bed, even though she could’ve made it fine without him.  She knew she’d shaken him up in the worst way, especially since she’d crashed extremely close to where their parents had died.  The thought made her shiver.  Did the badlands have something against their family? She also wondered what she’d been doing up there in the first place?  It happened graduation night.  Maybe she’d been going up there to feel close to her parents, like she’d done so many times before.  She would’ve been missing them at her graduation.  But then, what caused her to run off the road?
All the questions gave her a severe headache.  Chris placed a puffy, horse-shoe shaped pillow under her neck for support before he tucked her blanket and comforter around her.  His forehead was filled with wrinkles, giving away his worry.  They smoothed away as he looked at her and smiled.  She had to appreciate his ability to keep a brave face.
“Is that okay, Sis?  Everything comfortable?” he asked.
“Take this cast off, then we’ll talk,” she said smiling. “Everything is wonderful. You’re wonderful.  What would I do without you?”
“You’d die a slow and lonely death,” Chris answered before his face went pale. “I mean—I’m sorry.  I shouldn’t have said that.”
Chris’ words had affected Becca, but not the way he’d thought. They’d spoken to each other this way so many times, and it helped her feel like something in her life was normal.  “It’s okay, Chris.  I wanted you to say that, just like always.  Do you think you can make UFO pancakes in the morning?”
Chris’ face softened as he sat on the edge of her bed.  “Of course.  Anything you want.”  He leaned over as if to hug her, then thought better of it.  Kissing her forehead, he wished her a good night, making her promise to call him if she needed anything, no matter what the time.  He insisted on leaving her door open a crack when he left.
Becca lay in the stillness of her room, staring at the dark ceiling.  The past few days had been so crazy.  She was exhausted, and her body ached.  Her arm already itched under the cast, and her neck was sore.  But worse than any of that, a gaping hole had formed in her memory, and it bugged her to death that she couldn’t remember anything from the past month.  She felt such a heavy sadness attached to the loss.
Tears streamed from her eyes, rolling down her cheeks and pooling in her ears. Why is this happening to me?  She pleaded with God to help her understand.  Hadn’t she been through enough already?  Why had He taken her memories?  She wanted to sob, but knew from the past two nights how painful that was to her body.  So she took a few deep breaths instead, calming herself.  Soon, her lids grew heavy and, with the help of some powerful pain killers, she drifted to sleep.
The dreams seemed to start almost instantly.  A man stood next to her.  A sweet, intoxicating song played in her mind as he touched her hand.  But his face was faded like an old photograph.  She couldn’t quite make out his features.  She knew him from somewhere, she was sure.  There was something so familiar, so close.  
Becca smiled as the music played, enjoying the purity of it.  But then, the man pulled his hand away and the music quieted.  His anguished voice whispered eerily in her ear like a gust of wind, “I’m so sorry, Becca!”
 Her eyes snapped open and she released a startled sound.  She could still see him standing there, his hand stretched out to her.  With her heart in her throat, Becca was unable to call for Chris.  She shakily reached over and touched her bedside lamp.  Light burst into the room, dissolving the apparition.  
Breathing slowly again, Becca relaxed.  A dream whisper. It was just a dream whisper.  Even so, the haunting melody, though fading quickly, still echoed softly in her mind.  And, although she knew it hadn’t been real, the thought of a man standing in her room had shaken her.  She lowered her arm without turning off her lamp and eventually drifted back to sleep.




Chapter Twenty Three
The Discovery

Kayde sat quiet and invisible next to Becca in the patio swing outside her modular home.  It’d been five days since the accident; she was usually surrounded by other people. Thankfully, other than his ghostly presence, she was currently alone.  She stared out into the bright summer day, her eyes carrying a far-away look, a crease formed between wrinkled brows.  He’d thought it so appealing the first time he’d seen her brows crease that way.  That crinkle was going to become permanent soon.  She was trying too hard to remember again.
  One advantage of being dead--he never got tired or hungry.  Kayde had stuck to Becca like a shadow.  He watched her eat, watched her sleep--watched her cry.  He tried to reach her by touching her hand and speaking her name.  But she didn’t feel his touch.  She couldn’t hear him.  She didn’t even remember him.
The only explanation Kayde could fathom for her memory loss was trauma.  He’d heard of people losing their memory after experiencing horrors in their lives.  Nearly dying would be as horrifying as anything.  Dying was definitely scary.  He didn’t know what he was supposed to be doing now.  Where were his parents?  Had they been notified? His throat constricted, thinking of them learning about his death.  No one seemed to know anything about him.  It was just like he’d fallen off the face of the planet.  His name was never mentioned.
 Or, Kayde thought, maybe they just aren’t saying anything about me around her.  He’d never left her side, how did he know if anyone was talking about him or not?  The doctor had said she had to remember on her own, so they wouldn’t mention him, would they?
Kayde’s heart sank.  Maybe it was a blessing for her to forget him.  If she remembered their love, she’d have to suffer more when she found out he was dead.  This way, she could just get on with her life.  His already shredded heart ripped more at thinking of Becca going on without him.  He missed her touch.  He could still hear her music when he placed his non-hand over hers, but he couldn’t feel her warmth or the softness of her skin.  
Kayde ran his fingers through his hair with frustration.  The Light had told him that Becca needed him--to find his purpose.  Well, what the heck was he supposed to do like this? No one could see him or hear him.  He couldn’t grab anything or move anything.  Kayde was amazed he could even walk without sinking into the ground!  He’d walked through doors and walls; that had been sort of cool once he’d stopped freaking out over it.  He’d told Becca so many times how sorry he was, that he’d turn things around somehow.  But she couldn’t hear him, and he had to ideas how he was supposed to even begin helping either one of them.
Becca sighed, distracting his thoughts.  She took her finger and twirled it through her hair until a strand was wrapped around it tightly, then she reversed direction, releasing the strand.  She repeated this movement several times while Kayde studied her.  Even with the wounds scabbing over on her face, she was just as beautiful as ever.  She was still an angel.
“Hey, Becca.”  The voice caused both Kayde and Becca to jump.  Toby walked toward them, his right arm cradling a book.  His t-shirt hung loosely over a pair of black sports shorts.  “Sorry!  Didn’t mean to scare you,” he said, chuckling at Becca.
Becca giggled, the line between her brows softening. The sound of her voice bubbling out that way caused Kayde’s heart to leap.  “It’s okay.  I was just lost in thought, as usual,” Becca said.
“Remember anything?” Toby asked as he came to sit next to her.  Kayde barely moved away in time to keep from being sat on.  
Shaking her head, Becca sighed heavily.  “I wish I could remember even a tiny thing.  Maybe that tiny thing would help me remember other things.  I just feel so…heavy and sad.”
Toby gave her a smirk.  “You’ve felt that way for two years, Becca.”  Then his face sobered.  “I’m sorry this had to happen to you.  Do you want to be alone?”
Kayde hoped she’d say yes.  Even if she couldn’t see or hear him, it was nice to have the time with her without other distractions.  But, of course, she smiled and shook her head.  “I always enjoy your company, Toby.  Besides, I’m getting a headache from trying to remember.  I need a distraction.  What’s that you have there?” She gestured with her head toward the book lying in Toby’s lap. The cover portrayed a mosaic of color forming music notes and bars swirling around different people of various nationalities and time periods.  The painting was realistic and breath-taking.
Kayde felt Toby’s nervous energy as he gently rubbed the cover of the book with his long fingertips.  Toby was excited--and worried--about something concerning that book.  Kayde kept his senses alert.  
“You checked this book out for me a while back.  Well,” he said, smiling bashfully, “Not this book, exactly.  I took that one back to Melstone City.  This is a copy I bought later.”
“That good, huh?” Becca said.  Toby’s head jerked toward her and he stared at her for a moment.   “What?  What did I say?”  Becca asked, her brows coming together again.
Toby cleared his throat and answered, “It’s just, you said that before.  Last time I told you I’d bought the book, you said the exact same thing.”
They stared at each other for a moment, as if what Toby had said should suddenly lift a curtain in Becca’s mind and reveal something else.  Finally, Becca relaxed and shook her head.  “Well, at least we know I’m consistent!”
Toby chuckled and fiddled with a crumpled piece of paper that stuck out above the pages of the book.  “Becca,” he said quietly, “I never said this before because there were always people around, and I didn’t want anyone getting the wrong idea.  But,” he swallowed, lowering his gaze, “I don’t know what I would’ve done if you hadn’t made it out of that accident.” The boy’s face crumpled, then smoothed as he cleared his throat.  “I told you, but you may not remember, you are the only true friend I have and I don’t know what I’d do if you were suddenly torn from my life!”
Despite Toby’s best efforts to stay the tears, one escaped. It only made it to his lower eyelid before he angrily wiped it away.  Becca put her good arm around his shoulders and squeezed.  She leaned her head against his.  “Toby, as long as I’m able, I’ll never leave you alone.  You’re the best friend anyone could ask for.  Thank you for being here for me.”
The two remained that way, with their heads leaning against each other as they rocked slowly.  Kayde fought the onslaught of jealousy that attacked his core.  Shouldn’t being a ghost take away emotions somewhat?  It should be him sitting there, his head leaning against Becca’s. 
 His inner voice reminded him he had no one to blame for that but himself.
A passing car drew Kayde’s attention and, as he looked up, a deep rage washed over him.  Terrance! Kayde clenched his fists and jaw as he glared at the passing cruiser.  He had some nerve, coming this close to Becca.  Kayde knew he’d caused the accident, but it had been aimed for Terrance, and Kayde was still convinced that Terrance was evil.  He could feel it.  
Toby’s reaction at seeing the police car only confirmed Kayde’s suspicions.  Toby became rigid, his fear screaming from his core like nails across a chalk board.  Kayde turned sharply to stare at the boy, but Toby sat quietly, his lips clamped shut.  His hands were wrapped around the top of the book, his knuckles white.
“Ugh!  Terrance!” Becca said in disgust.  “He’s been unbearable since the accident, bragging about how he saved me.”  After the cruiser disappeared around the intersection, she turned to look at Toby.  Immediate worry crossed her features.  “Toby?  What’s wrong?”
Toby forced a feeble smile and looked at Becca  “No matter what I tell you now, Becca, smile and pretend like we’re having a happy conversation!” he whispered strangely through his smile.  Kayde tensed more at the eerie look of Toby’s eyes and his strange whispering.
“What’s going on?  You’re scaring me!” Becca said, her face paling.  
“Please, Becca, smile!  They’re watching me,” Toby said.  He leaned back in the swing and placed an arm behind Becca’s shoulders, faking another smile.  This one seemed a little more genuine, but Kayde could still feel the guy’s terror.
Becca gulped, then leaned back against Toby’s arm and forced a smile.  “Now will you tell me what in the world is going on?” she asked.  If Toby’s fear filled energy wasn’t bad enough, Becca’s nearly sent Kayde into complete panic.  He wanted to grab Toby by the collar and shake the words out of him faster.
Still smiling, Toby answered in a quiet voice, “Something is going on with my mother, Terrance, and Gabe.”  He leaned closer to Becca, his eyes fearful and penetrating.  Becca sat tensed, listening, and Kayde leaned forward in dreaded anticipation.  “They’ve done something terrible--I don’t know exactly what--but I’m afraid--”
A honking blasted from down the street; Becca jumped and screamed and Toby nearly fell off the swing.  Kayde thought he was near life again--the horn was as effective as an electric pulse to the chest.  Chris’ truck pulled up to the house and he jumped out.  “Sorry!  I didn’t mean to scare you!  You okay, Becca?” he asked.  His eyes carried a spark, and his lips twitched at the corners.  “I wasn’t interrupting anything?”
Kayde’s anger returned at the thought.  Of course Chris had interrupted something!  What had Toby been about to say?  
“No,” Becca answered quietly as Chris hugged her gently.  She gave Toby a knowing look over her brother’s shoulder. 
“Well, I better go.  Mom will be wondering--I didn’t realize the time,” Toby said nervously.
“You can’t stay for dinner?” Chris asked as he released his sister.
Toby glanced at Becca and she gave him a nod so slight, Kayde would’ve missed it if he hadn’t been staring at her.
After a moment, Toby answered, “I-I don’t know.  I’ll see if I can.  Later, Becca,” he said and spun on his heal.  Kayde watched him leave in dismay.  
Here we go with the irony again!  For the past month, he couldn’t stand Toby being anywhere near Becca; now he didn’t want him to leave her side! 
Kayde struggled with himself for a moment.  He could follow Toby, see if he could learn anything.  On the other hand, he didn’t want to leave Becca.  He watched her and Chris walk to the house.  They were discussing what to have for dinner.  She’ll be safe with Chris for awhile.
Kayde took off after Toby.  Running was a strange sensation as a spirit.  He felt his body moving, but his feet didn’t jar against the hard ground, his hair didn’t ruffle in any wind, and he didn’t lose his breath.  Kayde almost laughed at the freedom of it; however, his determination to follow Becca’s friend overruled any other thoughts.
He caught up with Toby just as the boy was nearing his house.  For a moment, Kayde couldn’t get himself to move any further.  The memory of that smothering fear was still fresh in his mind.  That house--Toby’s mother--something was very wrong there.
Before Toby turned up the walk toward the house, a cobalt blue Mustang pulled to the curb.  The passenger window was down, and the music thumping from the car quieted.  Toby smiled and walked over to the car.  He leaned with his elbows against the open window and Kayde peeked over his shoulder.  A tall, dark-haired girl smiled sweetly at Toby.
“Tara!  What’s up?” Toby asked.  His energy was very different now than it had been back at Becca’s. A light, giddy feeling surrounded him.
“I was just heading to town for a bite.”  She smiled before donning a sympathetic look.  “How’s Becca?  Does she remember anything?”
Toby’s face sobered and he lowered his head, shaking it.  “No.  Nothing yet.”
“I feel so bad for her.  It’s so sad the way that Kayde guy just left her like that.  She’s probably blocked him leaving to save herself the pain,” Tara said. “What a jerk.”
Kayde’s breath caught.  They think I left her? How was that possible?  They had to have seen his crashed Shadow.  They had to have taken him to the hospital--and the morgue.
“Yeah, I don’t know about that,” Toby said.
“What do you mean?” Tara asked.
Toby was silent, his face frozen in thought for a moment.  He sighed and answered, “I don’t know.  My mom and Terrance and Gabe have been acting really weird since Becca’s accident. It’s almost like they don’t want her to remember anything.  I didn’t like Kayde any more than anyone else.  But something is just off.”
No kidding! Nothing was right about this!  Why would everyone believe he’d skipped town? Even if Terrance--and, possibly, Toby’s mom--had spread that rumor, people had to know about his accident, didn’t they?
Tara giggled.  “Your imagination is getting the best of you again, Toby.”
Toby relaxed and smiled at her again, his cheeks flushing.  “Yeah, I suppose you’re right.”
“Want to join me for dinner?” Tara asked, practically batting her lashes.  Kayde groaned.
“Sure,” Toby answered and he was in the car before Kayde could blink.  The Mustang drove off, leaving him standing there alone.  After a few minutes, a police cruiser slowly passed the intersection, following the direction of the Mustang.
Kayde was going to find out exactly what Terrance was up to.  Why was he following Toby everywhere?  And why was he lying about Kayde’s death?  Had he simply gotten rid of the evidence and wiped Kayde out of existence?  He strode forward, determined to follow the policeman.
As Kayde moved down the sidewalk, something pulled at his gut, stopping him short.  Shaking his head, he tried to move forward again.  What he felt next, he could only describe as someone taking a shepherd’s crook to his torso and yanking him back.  Only, he didn’t stop moving after he slammed to the ground.  
The bony fingers of terror gripped Kayde as he slid helplessly toward the Kasden house.  Something had a hold of him and he was helpless to fight against it!  
Just as he would’ve slipped through the front door, blinding, suffocating blackness wrapped around him.  Sudden pain coursed through him and he groaned against it.  Voices sounded distantly around him.  He couldn’t make them out at first, but as he moved his heavy eyelids, the voices became clearer.
“I think he’s coming around!” a woman’s voice stated excitedly.
A bright light burst into Kayde’s vision.  He gritted his teeth and closed his eyes to shield them.  But his lids were pried open by thick, rubber-gloved fingers.  The light flooded him again, and he felt his eyes roll up into his head to escape it.
A man’s voice rumbled, “False alarm, I think.”
Kayde gasped as he flung away from a bed and slammed against a wall.  His eyes flew open, and he could see clearly again.  The pain was gone, and so was the light.  But a fresh and new horror greeted his vision.  
His body lay on a hospital bed covered by a stark white sheet and heavy white blanket; this was no medical facility.  He’d thought Becca’s body was rigged up at the hospital, but that had been nothing compared to what lay before him now.  Tubes and wires were everywhere, running between his body and various electronic devices--like a breathing machine. A tube was sticking from his mouth and taped in place, distorting his lips.  He wanted to gag just looking at it.  His face was puffed up, bruised, and split in several places.  Blood and other fluids seeped through bandages on his face, neck and arms.  Braces surrounded his right arm like silver teeth.
“I can’t keep this up, Catherine!” the man’s strained voice said.  “The boy needs to be in the hospital!”
“You know why we can’t do that!” the woman answered heatedly. “You have everything you need at your disposal.  Just take care of him.  I need him to live long enough to do the surgery.”
“He won’t survive your little ritual like this! He certainly won’t be able to sing.”
Kayde heard the voices, heard what they said, but he couldn’t take his eyes off of his body.  Nothing they said made sense, anyway.
“Make him survive, Jack!  He may not need to be able to sing.  That will be mostly her part.  Just keep him alive. You know what I can do to you and your reputation if this fails!”
A heavy sigh.  “I’ll do my best.  But as it stands, he won’t live more than four or five more days.”
“That’s all I need.  The new moon is in three nights’ time.  That’s when I’ll have to do it.  I just need that paper Toby has hidden away.  That boy doesn’t realize what I’m giving him.  Anyway, just keep this one strong enough until then, and then we’ll get…”
The voices trailed away after that as the people who owned them left the room.  Although their words had been confusing and grim, Kayde’s mind was consumed with only one thought.  
I’m still alive!



 
Chapter Twenty Four
Missing Faces

With the dull light of pre-dawn caressing her room, Becca sat rigid in her bed, the covers clutched in her fists.  She’d had another dream whisper.  Someone had been calling her name in tortured, desperate tones.  She couldn’t remember now if it had been a man or woman, only that the voice had jolted her awake and left her covered from head to toe with goose bumps.  
Becca had never had this many dream whispers in a row before.  Every night since the accident, she’d been awakened by strong dreams and overwhelming emotions.  Toby’s strange behavior the day before had done little to help.  He’d put her nerves on edge acting that way.  Why was he so afraid of Terrance?  The guy was annoying, but he had found Becca and saved her life, or so she’d been told.  If Terrance hadn’t shown up when he had, who knows how long she would’ve lain there bleeding?  
But Toby’s fear had seemed genuine, if not well founded.  Maybe he’d been taking something from that book he carried everywhere a little too seriously.  He’d done so in the past, when they were younger.  Or, maybe he was as shaken up about her accident as he’d said, and his suspicions stemmed from the fear of losing her in his life.  She wished he would’ve come back for supper and finished telling her whatever it was he’d been about to say.  He could’ve at least called…
Becca shook her head.  Her thoughts were getting her nowhere--they were a dog chasing its tail.  She longed for her mother to be there so Becca could lay out her worries, have her mother brush her hair aside, smile, and tell her, “This, too, shall pass, Becca.  Everything will work out for the best, you’ll see.”  Her mother’s familiar words, though meant to bring hope, only caused Becca’s heart to ache more.  Bitter anger tapped her emotions.  How could her parents have just left her here alone?  Didn’t they know she needed them?  The more she thought of them, and the more she felt the empty pain from her loss, the more bitter Becca became.  She allowed dark musings to simmer for a long while, thinking of all that she’d gone through over the past two years without the help of the two people that should’ve always been there.
Surprised by her emotions, Becca took a deep breath in attempt to calm down.  She knew she’d been deeply saddened by her parent’s deaths, but the bitterness had been hiding under the surface, waiting to be ignited.   She couldn’t think of them right now.  She didn’t know how to handle these feelings.  
Releasing the covers from her clenched fists, Becca sighed and slid back down into her bed.  Her arm itched terribly, distracting her thoughts.  Visions of using the gardening sheers to remove her cast raced wildly through her mind.  She stuck her fingers as far as they would go under the plaster and wiggled them, attempting to soothe the maddening itch.  She growled with frustration when the itching crawled beyond her reach.  A tear escaped her left eye and made a trail down her cheek. 
A song played softly in the back of her mind.  It sounded familiar, but Becca couldn’t quite place it.  As the music played, the itching under the cast seemed to lessen.  It was almost as if someone were caressing her stressed skin, massaging until the itching calmed.  The soothing music played on and Becca relaxed.  It wasn’t long before her weary eyes closed in slumber.
Chris drove Becca to Mrs. Kline’s the next day.  He’d insisted, saying she needed to get away from the house for awhile and get her mind off of, well, her mind.  Becca had agreed.  She was tired of trying so hard to remember what she’d lost.  She’d be happy at this point just to remember graduation.
Betty Kline greeted them outside her garage.  She was pushing a shop broom, sweeping away what little dirt had entered her immaculate garage.  She put the broom aside a beamed at them both as they slid out of Chris’ truck.  “Welcome! Welcome!  Oh, Becca!” she said as she gave Becca a tender hug.  “It’s so good to see you out and about. How is your arm, dear?”
“It’s okay,” Becca answered as Mrs. K gave Chris a quick hug.  
Then, the elderly lady smiled up at the clear sky and breathed in the warm air.  “What a wondrously beautiful day!” she exclaimed.  She turned and gazed back into the garage, a nostalgic look crossing her features.  “It’s the kind of day Henry loved to ride!”
Becca peered into the darker interior of the garage where a covered motorcycle rested.  She stared at it for several minutes while Chris and Mrs. Kline conversed about motorcycles.  Something stirred inside Becca’s gut as she looked at the bike.  It almost seemed to whisper to her, beckoning her towards it.  The hairs on her neck stood on end.  Becca shook her head.  Okay, I’m really losing it!  How can a motorcycle make me feel this weird?
“C’mon, Becca,” Chris said, pulling her out of strange thoughts.  Mrs. Kline led them to the porch where the sign for her Bed and Breakfast squeaked over the entrance as a breath of wind brushed against it.  
 “Sit, sit!  I’ll be right back with some lemonade,” Mrs. Kline said, waving her hand at her guests.
Chris and Becca sat at the small table on the porch and watched the occasional car drive lazily past.  Warm, sweet-scented air brushed against Becca’s face as bumblebees hummed and bobbed atop the array of flowers bordering Mrs. Kline’s porch and fence.  Frogs sent out gravelly calls from the pond behind the house.  The distant sound of a jet combined with calls of meadowlarks and various other birds.  The early summer day was warm and comforting. For the first time since she’d woken in the hospital, Becca felt at ease and even allowed herself a contented smile.
“Wait a minute, was that actually a smile?” Chris laughed as he sighed and stretched his arms up before bending his elbows and resting his hands at the back of his head.  “It’s good to see your smile, Becca. You’ve been scowling too much lately.”  His deep blue eyes reflected the clear sky.
“Sorry for all the scowling.  I just want so bad to remember things,” Becca answered.
“You know, maybe you shouldn’t try so hard.  Most of the time, when I forget something, I’ll remember it after I stop trying; the thought just pops into my mind once I’m relaxed enough to let it in.”
Chris hopped up to open the screen door for Mrs. Kline before Becca could respond.  She thought on his words as glasses of lemonade were set on the table, along with a round pitcher filled with the refreshing liquid.  Maybe Chris was right.  Maybe she was inadvertently blocking memories by tensing so much.  She vowed to relax more.
“Well, isn’t this lovely?  Just lovely,” Mrs. Kline beamed as brightly as the summer sun before taking a sip of lemonade.  
Becca took a drink of her own lemonade, allowing a bit of ice to slip into her mouth.  She chomped on it and swallowed before speaking.  “Your yard looks beautiful, Mrs. Kline,” Becca said.  “I see you finally got someone to fix the fence for you.”
Becca could’ve sworn she saw Chris and Mrs. Kline give each other a quick, sidelong glance, but the moment past in a blink.
“Oh, yes.  One of my patrons was kind enough to help me with it.  He was young and strong enough for the task.  I gave him free room and board for the work.”
Mrs. Kline had spoken without her usual bubbly voice.  Her face was sober, and she was looking at Becca with a serious gaze.  Becca squirmed uncomfortably in her seat.  What was wrong with Mrs. Kline?  She’d never seen the kind woman with a serious expression.
Chris cleared his throat, ending the strained moment.  “I was thinking, Mrs. Kline, that when I get my shop up and running, would you be interested in allowing me to display the Indian in the front window?” he asked, referring to Henry’s old motorcycle.
“You wouldn’t sell it!” Mrs. Kline put a hand over her heart, gasping as she spoke.  Becca was completely confused. What shop?
“No!  I wouldn’t dream of it!  But a treasure like that shouldn’t be hidden under a tarp and stuck away in the corner of a garage.  It would simply be a display.  I’d keep it polished and clean and in good running condition.”
Becca looked back and forth between the two people at the table.  “What are you talking about?” she asked.
Chris’ confusion lasted a moment before he blinked with understanding.  “Oh!  Oh, that’s right.  I’m sorry, Becca.  I told you before, but I guess you wouldn’t remember.  We’re supposed to let you draw things out on your own, but I don’t think it would hurt to tell you…”  Chris went on to explain how he’d decided to open a motorcycle shop instead of going into architecture.  She was shocked but could tell that it was what Chris really wanted.  She wondered if she was repeating herself again with her exclamations and congratulations, like she’d done with Toby and his book.  If she was, Chris was good enough not to tell her.
After a long visit, Mrs. Kline gave Chris a hug and squeezed Becca tightly.  As they parted, Mrs. Kline’s arm dropped and her wedding ring caught on the pocket of Becca’s jeans shorts.  “Oh, so sorry dear!  I hope I didn’t tear anything!”
“It wouldn’t matter if you did.  These shorts are old anyway,” Becca reassured her.  They said their final farewells, Mrs. Kline promising Chris she’d think on his offer over the motorcycle thing.  
Chris sang along with the radio in his beautiful tenor on the way home.  Becca couldn’t help giggling as he made goofy faces to go along with the words.  She didn’t help him sing, however.  She still had too much of a mental block from her parents’ death to sing.
Later that evening, Becca undressed to ready herself for bed.  After donning a cool set of cotton P.J.’s, she sat at her small vanity and looked herself over in the mirror.  The scabs on the left side of her face were beginning to come away at the edges, revealing new, pink skin underneath.  She hoped desperately she wouldn’t have terrible scars there for the rest of her life.  She touched them with her good fingers, resisting the urge to pick at them.  
Sighing, she moved away from her marred reflection and picked up her dirty clothes.  Her shorts tipped upside down and something white fell out of the pocket.  Becca hadn’t remembered putting anything in her pocket that day, but maybe it was just a ball of lint.  She tossed the clothes in the hamper and then bent to retrieve the lint, intending to throw it in the trash.  
Her fingers wrapped around what looked instead like the squared edges of two pieces of paper.  Curious, Becca sat at her vanity again, placing the pieces on the table.  Two small, white papers, their centers cut out in the shapes of hearts, rested in contrast against the wood.  Becca scowled down at them, wondering what in the world they were.  Great! She thought.  I’m losing memories like they’re going out of style now!  She had to have put them in her shorts that day, as she’d worn and washed them once already since the accident.  
Becca stuck her fingernails under the edge of one of the pieces and flipped it over.  She gasped at what was on the other side--or, more at what wasn’t there.  The heart shaped hole was cut into one of her senior pictures.  The photo was of her full form, but at a bit of a distance, taken at Mrs. Kline’s near her flowers and fence the summer before.  The only thing cut out of it was Becca’s face.
More confused than ever, Becca slowly turned the other picture over with shaking fingers.  The face was missing from this photo as well.  But this was definitely of a male figure; bits of dark brown hair shown around the edges of the heart-hole, and a black leather jacket covered the shoulders and torso. A black motorcycle shown behind the figure’s jean-clad legs. 
The room and her vanity dissolved from Becca’s vision as she gazed, transfixed, at the piece of photograph.  Conflicting emotions raged inside her.  An entrancing song started playing in her mind, sending a slight bit of joy into her heart like the sun trying to shine through a thickly clouded sky; those clouds were fear.  Becca’s pulse hammered against every artery in her body.  Whoever this person was, something about him caused twisting fear and joy to rip through her like a tornado.
Becca grasped the two photos, opened the small drawer on her vanity, threw them in, and slammed the door shut.  With shaking legs, she wobbled her way to her bed and flopped down on her pillow.  Making sure her voice was muffled so Chris wouldn’t hear, she chanced a small scream to release her emotions before she sobbed uncontrollably for a long while.
Finally, when she was drained, Becca sat up, blew her nose, changed her pillow case, and laid back down, facing the ceiling.  Her fatigued brain tried for a few short minutes to figure out what the photos meant and where they could’ve come from.  But she was too tired now to think clearly.  Before she allowed exhaustion to overwhelm her into sleep, she prayed.  “Please, God, help me with this, whatever this is!”




Chapter Twenty Five
Clues

The next day after lunch, Becca decided to go for a walk.  She’d tasted a bit of freedom from her restricted movements and confining memory loss when they’d gone to Mrs. K’s the day before.  Now, she wanted more of it.  Shadows slid over her as puffs of low-lying clouds sailed across the sky on strong currents of wind.  The balmy air suggested a possible thunder storm later.
Becca thought of the strange pieces of the photos she’d found in her pocket.  She almost felt violated, like some psychopath had been stalking her and using her picture for some sick purpose.  She shivered in spite of the warm weather.
With her mind swirling around frightening images, Becca lost track of time and space.  When she finally reprimanded herself for letting her thoughts get away from her, she realized she’d walked clear to Ryan’s house.  He sat in an old lawn chair; its plastic was stained, and part of one arm was broken off.  A small matching table held a large, orange drink with a straw and a cocktail umbrella sticking out the top.  Ryan’s feet soaked under a sprinkler that spewed a weak stream of water.  GH was curled in the shade under her tree.  Becca wondered why Ryan didn’t use nicer things; he could afford it.   Of course if he did, he wouldn’t be Ryan.
Becca strode forward, the sound of her steps drawing GH’s attention.  The dog jumped up and released a small bark before realizing that a friend, not foe, approached.  The poor dog was in a pitiful state; her hair looked as if it had been cut with sheep sheers.  Again, Becca wondered why Ryan didn’t just hire a groomer.
“Oh, look at you!” Becca said affectionately as she bent and scratched GH’s back with her fingernails.  The dog stilled and stretched her head back in ecstasy.  When Becca finished, the dog looked past her and released a strange whimper.  When Becca looked over her shoulder, no one was there.  She turned back to GH.  “Silly mutt!” she said and scratched the dog’s ear.
“Hey, Becca!  What brings you to the neighborhood?” Ryan had pulled his feet out of the water and slid them into a pair of leather sandals.  He took the few steps toward her and GH.  Becca stood and gave Ryan a one-armed hug.
When they parted, Becca answered, “I was just out walking.  I needed some fresh air.”
“Well, can’t say I blame you. I’d go crazy with everyone stopping and calling and asking how you’re doing all the time.  Hey, if you need a distraction, I could use a ghost hunting partner tonight.  Toby bailed on me.”
“Why?  He never misses a chance to help you,” Becca said.  Worry tapped at her nerves; first, Toby had acted so strange the day before, and now he was skipping ghost hunting?
Ryan shrugged, “Said he had something to do.  You know,” he said, looking sly, “I think it’s because he’s going out with that volleyball chick now. The tall one with the Mustang.”
“Tara?  He’s going out with Tara?”  Becca was dumbfounded for a moment.  When she finally blinked, she asked, “When did this happen?  Is it something else I’ve forgotten because of the accident?”
“Relax, Becca.  They’ve been flirting with each other for a while, but it just became official last night,” Ryan stated before taking a sip of his drink.
Well, that would explain why he never called last night, Becca thought.  She relaxed and smiled, thinking of Toby finding a girlfriend.   Tara was pretty, and she had a warm personality.  
“So, what about tonight, Becca?  Want to join me?  I think it’s going to storm, which is perfect weather for ghost hunting.  The lightning draws the spirits out,” Ryan said eagerly.
“You are so one-track minded!” Becca said, laughing.  “I think I’ll pass, Ryan.  I’m not ready for that much excitement just yet,” she said in a teasing way.  She didn’t believe he’d actually come across any ghosts.
Ryan’s shoulders slumped, his face taking on a dejected look.  “Okay, then.  I guess when I get the best supernatural evidence ever collected, I’ll just have to take all the credit and fame alone.”
Becca squeezed his shoulder, “You would anyway, Ryan.”
Ryan shook his head as if to deny her words, but then sighed and answered, “Yeah, you’re probably right.”  He gave her a sheepish grin.       
After chatting with Ryan awhile longer and giving GH another good scratching, Becca walked home.  She raided the cupboards when she got there as she’d missed lunch during her walk.  
The mail rested on the kitchen table.  Chris must’ve stopped in on his break, Becca thought.  She’d texted him earlier, telling him she was going for a walk so he wouldn’t worry.  Still, she felt bad for having missed lunch with him.
Becca used the fingers sticking out from her cast to spoon Raisin Bran to her mouth while she thumbed through the mail with her right hand.  Nothing but junk mail.  She flipped through a summer clothing catalogue while she finished eating.  As she tossed the magazine aside, an envelope that had been hidden beneath it caught her attention.  
The envelope was addressed to her, but no return address could be found anywhere.  The post mark over the stamp indicated that the letter had been mailed from Glenville, though.  Curious, Becca struggled with the envelope, holding it between the fingers on her cast-hand while she tore the top open with her index fingernail from her other hand.    She pulled out a neatly folded piece of paper.  Carefully, she opened the paper against the table top.  The paper itself had no writing, but a rectangle of plastic rested inside the folds.
It was a debit card.  Becca’s brows scrunched together in confusion.  Had she lost her bank card somewhere and someone had been kind enough to mail it back to her?  She held the card between her thumb and fingers, reading the information.  The card was a Visa, like hers, but the number was all wrong, and a strange name stood out from the plastic: “Kayde Harper”.  
The same emotions that assaulted her with the photos the night before rushed through Becca again now.  She squeezed the plastic so hard that it nearly cut into her flesh.  The guy with the bike in the partial photo--could he be Kayde Harper?  Even if he was, why did someone send her his bank card?
Becca raced up to her room and placed the card in her vanity drawer on top of the photos.  She shook with emotions she couldn’t even explain.  The name seemed so familiar, yet something inside her was afraid to discover who Kayde was. Even more disconcerting was the fact that someone was placing these strange clues for her to find.  Someone had to have put the photos in her shorts, and someone had sent this card.
Becca stared at herself in the mirror; her face was as pale as a ghost, causing her injuries to stand out like fresh blood.  A single tear ran down her cheek as a familiar tune played quietly at the back of her mind.  Fear, comfort, horror, joy, and a jumble of other emotions fought for her attention in her unraveling mind.  What is happening to me? she wondered desperately.  
A knock on her door nearly made her scream.  She slid the door to her vanity shut, wiped the tear from her face, and pinched her cheeks in attempt to return color to her skin.  Donning a smile, she opened her bedroom door.  Toby stood there, giving her a lop-sided grin.
“Sorry I didn’t come back over last night.  I kind of got distracted,” he said.
Becca had to force her mind to focus on his words.  She stepped passed him and walked down the dimly-lit hall toward the living room.  Maybe if she wasn’t close to the secrets in her vanity, she could think clearly.  “It’s okay, Toby.  Ryan told me you had an interesting night last night,” she said.
“That big-mouth!” Toby said, smiling.  “I should’ve known I couldn’t trust him with a secret.  So, what do you think?  About me and Tara, I mean?”
Wrapping her arm around Toby’s waist, Becca squeezed and smiled up at him, “I think it’s wonderful, Toby.  I’m happy for you!”
“I’m relieved to hear you say that. You’re my best friend, I would feel weird if you didn’t like who I was dating,” Toby said.
“Why wouldn’t I like who you were dating?  If she’s special to you, then she’s special to me,” Becca answered.  “You’d do the same for me.”
They sat on the couch, Toby’s face suddenly serious.  Becca noticed that he was carrying the same book he’d had the day before.  “Are you alright, Toby?”  Becca asked.  His euphoric mood over Tara seemed to have fled as he stared at the book in his lap.
He turned his head and looked at her.  “I don’t think I’m as good a friend to you as you are to me, Becca.  I’m sorry for that.”
“What are you talking about?  You’re the greatest friend anyone could ask for,” Becca said.  
Sighing, Toby scratched at his neck before he shrugged and then pulled a crumpled piece of paper from between the pages of the book he held.  “I showed this to you before, but you’ve forgotten.  They’re notes I’ve been taking from reading this book and from making some observations of my own.  I don’t know exactly why yet, but I think my mother and Terrance think this information is very important.  That’s why I was so tense yesterday.  I think they want this book and, even more, this paper.”
Becca took the paper, that same strange familiarity as with the photos and card set in as she looked at it.  The fact that she’d seen it before probably accounted for that feeling, yet Becca was still uneasy over Toby’s strange accusations about his mother and Terrance.  
Letting her eyes trace different symbols and words, Becca tried to make sense of Toby’s scribbling.  Music seemed to be the main focus of his notes.  A particular word and description caught her attention:  “Music Mage”.  She read the description, her heart racing again, though she had no idea why this word would cause such a reaction.
Toby’s voice came out quietly, nearly a whisper.  “I think there is, or was, a music mage in Glenville, Becca.”
Looking into her friend’s eyes, Becca tried to let what he’d said sink in.  And, although she thought she should be laughing and poking his ribs with her elbow at his words, she couldn’t even break a smile.  For reasons that eluded her, again, Becca knew Toby was telling the truth.
“Look, Becca, I know you probably think I’m letting my imagination get the best of me again, like when we were little.  But this is different. Before you forgot things, I’d shown this to you, and you believed me.  We also thought that a ‘Mage Master’ might be in Glenville.  That’s the only being that can take a music mage’s music, the only being that can stop a music mage.”  Toby’s words were coming out in a whispered rush now.  “Whatever is going on with Mom has to do with this,” he tapped the paper with his finger.
After several minutes of attempting to decipher what this was all supposed to mean, Becca pinched the bridge of her nose, trying to cut off a growing headache.  This was turning out to be one of the craziest days she could remember.  “So, what if there really is a music mage and mage master here?  Why do you care so much?  Why would your mom care?”
Toby’s eyes gazed into hers sadly for the longest time.  “I can’t tell you just yet.  I’m hoping some of your memory will return first.  It would be a lot easier, you’d understand much better, if you had your memories to back my words.”
“AAAHH!”  Becca growled and flopped her head back on the couch.  She stared at the ceiling, trying to hold back tears of frustration.  “I am so tired of people not telling me things.”  She lifted her head and looked at Toby.  “What if telling me some of these things would actually help me remember?”
“Or what if my telling you would slow your progress, Becca?” Toby immediately answered.  “This is frustrating for me, too.  I don’t know exactly what’s going on, but I can’t help you with your mind-blocks.  You have to break those barriers, dig in your subconscious, find out why you’ve blocked these memories.”
“Me?  I didn’t block them!  I just woke up and they were gone!” Becca answered heatedly.
Toby’s cell phone rang, causing him to jump.  He pulled the phone out of his pocket, but didn’t answer.  “It’s Mom.  You keep that paper somewhere safe.  I better go for now.  Please, Becca,” he squeezed her hand, “open your mind and try to remember.  I’ve heard Mom talking on the phone.  Whatever she’s up to, I think it’s going down in a couple nights--maybe even tomorrow night.  I’m scared it’s big, and I’m scared of who might get hurt.  Stay away from our house for awhile.”
The haunted look in Toby’s eyes unnerved Becca even more.  “Why don’t you just call the police?” she asked desperately.  If anything happened to Toby, she’d never be able to face another day in this life.
“And tell them what, Becca?  Besides, Terrance is the police, and he’s even worse than my mother.  I’m going to do some investigating tonight and try to find out what this is all about.”  He raised a hand to stop Becca’s unvoiced protests.  “I’ll be super careful, don’t worry.  I’ll tell you what I find out tomorrow.”
After attempting to talk Toby out of doing anything crazy, Becca gave him a long, tight hug.  He returned her embrace with as much force, as if they were both afraid they’d never see each other again.
Later that night, Becca sat in her bed, staring to the side at her vanity drawer.  A soft breeze carried the warm summer air into her bedroom. The hint of rain touched her sense of smell as she reflected on the day.  How did what Toby told her, the paper, the bank card, and the photos connect?  She was certain they did somehow, but the more she concentrated on it, the more slippery the answer became.  Chris’ advice about not trying so hard resounded in her mind.  She briefly wondered what Toby was doing at that moment.
Sighing heavily, Becca switched off her lamp and slid into her covers.  She tossed and turned for at least an hour.  A soothing sound, a song, caressed her weary mind.  Ripples of beautiful energy washed over her skin and she was soon fast asleep.
Becca was completely absorbed in a vivid dream--the kind that happens during the first gray light of morning, before the sun peeks over the horizon.  She dreamed of her love, his sun-kissed, messy brown hair shining as brilliantly as his mischievous smile. She could smell the leather of his black jacket as he wrapped his arms around her.  Amazingly bright green eyes looked into hers.  He laughed a heart-melting laugh as they danced to the sweet spell of an intoxicating song that swirled around them, drawing them closer together. 
The man’s face sobered and he looked at Becca with an intensity that made her heart forget its purpose.  He touched her heated face with fingertips as cool and soft as a spring breeze.  She stood still, mesmerized as he traced her cheek, her jaw line, and then trailed his fingers to her lips.  He lightly traced her mouth, his feathery touch tickling her.  She smiled and sighed, but then the feeling vanished.
A sudden deep sadness enveloped her as the man leaned close to her ear.  She closed her eyes as his caressing voice whispered…
Becca jolted awake, and for the very brief moment before she lurched to a sitting position, thought she saw the man’s face leaning close to her.  Cool air washed over her as she cocked her head to the side and held her breath, listening.  She thought she’d actually heard someone speak her name.  
A damp breeze whispered softly through her open window, followed by the flash of lightening from a distant cloud.  Becca jerked her head toward the window, gasping.  .  Releasing her breath, she plopped back to her pillow.  “Dream whisper,” she mumbled as she closed her eyes.  “Just another dream whisper.”
The enchanting music and the face of the man from her dream quickly dissolved from her memory as she drifted back to sleep to the sound of softly falling rain.




Chapter Twenty Six
Ghost Hunter

Kayde stood before Ryan’s door, allowing nerves to cause him pause.  Was this the right thing to do?  He’d left Becca alone again, which was unsettling enough, especially with someone sending her bits and pieces of him as clues. Maybe he should be grateful to that person; they were trying to help Becca remember him.
  With these thoughts circling his mind like vultures, Kayde had resisted the urge to turn around and rush back to Becca the entire way here.  The tears she’d shed that night had had cut into him like a knife. He could feel her pain and frustration as clearly as his own.  He’d held her, as well as he could, after she’d tossed and turned for a long while.  He’d promised her he would someday, somehow, turn her tears into something beautiful. 
Kayde wondered if following Toby and seeing what the boy would find would’ve been more productive than trying to connect with a ghost hunter.  What would Toby think if he looked in his parents’ basement and found Kayde’s body?  But Kayde couldn’t get himself to go near that house again.  Not yet, anyway.
The heavens were putting on a pre-show to the upcoming thunderstorm.  Energy pulsed through the air with every flash of light, pumping through Kayde’s spiritual form stronger than a heartbeat.  The electricity excited him, helping him forget his uncertainty.  He had to try to make contact with Ryan, to let him know he was still in Glenville and needed his help.
Kayde thought about what he’d learned at Becca’s earlier as he glided through the door and floated down the dark staircase.  Toby’s discoveries about music mages had caused him to stare at the word and definition on the crumpled paper.  That had to be what he and his family were—they were music mages.  The description fit perfectly.  He had more reason now than ever to get help.  Not only did he want to protect Becca, but he also needed to tell his family what he’d learned about what they were—and to warn them that they had enemies out there.  He shuddered, thinking of the mage masters Toby had discussed with Becca.  Part of him was elated, thinking that his ability could be removed, that, if he made it out of this alive, he could live like a normal human being.
But another part of him was terrified.  As much trouble as his ability had caused, it was still a part of him.  Would having it removed be painful? Would he ever hear or feel Becca’s music again?  Even more frightening were the images his imagination conjured of someone controlling or stealing these abilities from his family.  His fury ignited at thoughts of anyone hurting Tayla. 
Shaking his head free of these thoughts, Kayde landed softly at the bottom of the stairs and surveyed the room.  Ryan was stuffing equipment into a large, black bag.  A black video case sat ready on the table next to the bag.  Good.  Kayde hadn’t missed him.   Now, the trick would be to try and communicate before Ryan had a chance to leave; Kayde was prepared to follow him if necessary.  
Taking a deep breath, Kayde made his way to the opposite side of the table where Ryan worked.  He waved his hands in front of the young man’s face, already knowing he wouldn’t see him.  “Hello?” Kayde said.  “Ryan, can you hear me?”  He continued to wave his hands in the air, jump up and down, and scream until he thought his throat would go numb.  Ryan calmly continued to prepare to leave for the library, completely oblivious to Kayde’s presence.
In one frustrated scream, Kayde shouted again, “RYAN!”  A muffled rumbling of thunder sounded a couple seconds after a flash of light filled the small basement window as he yelled.  
Ryan stopped suddenly, his hand gripping a wad of wire.  Kayde froze, too, wondering if he’d been heard.  The door burst open then, causing both men to yell out, but only one voice sounded through the room.  A gust of wind, carrying the sweet scent of rain, blasted in as Toby entered the room and slammed the door shut.  He leaned against the inside of the door, breathless.  His eyes were wide, his hair a tangled mess.  His cheeks were red and splotchy, and he was sweating.
“Toby!” Ryan called out gleefully.  “You decided to join me after all!”
Toby jerked his head toward Ryan, as if he’d just realized someone else was in the room.  “Ryan!”  Toby shouted as he rushed to his friend.  A cell phone that had previously been clutched in Toby’s fist materialized as the boy unfolded his fingers and brought it up to Ryan’s face.  “You know how I’ve been theorizing about music mages and mage masters?  And how I think Mom and Terrance are somehow involved with something concerning these entities?”
Toby’s words had flowed out in a breathless rush, but Ryan seemed to soak them in easily.  He remained calm as Kayde stood tense with anticipation.  Had Toby found his body?  “Yeah, Toby.  So, what’s all the excitement?  I thought it didn’t matter anymore.  Yah know, because Kayde left town and all.”
Toby knew that I was a music mage? And he told Ryan, too?  Kayde thought.  How many others had Toby witlessly pronounced his curse to?  Kayde fought with his frustration as he concentrated on Toby’s next words.  
“I did some snooping tonight—just now.  I found this book in Mom’s study.  It was horrifying!”  Toby’s face was an unsettling mixture of fear and awe.  “I took pictures of some of the pages.”  He started shuffling through the photos he’d taken on his touch-screen cell phone, barely giving Ryan enough time to see what any one of them held before scrolling to the next.  
Ryan shook his head.  “I don’t understand, Toby.  This looks like a log book of some kind.  Very old, too, by the tattered pages.  But what does it have to do with anything?”
Toby huffed and then searched the pics until he found what he wanted.  “Listen,” he said and then began to read.  “Tonight, my experiment will be complete.  I’ve captured a music mage and I already have the mage master under my control.  If I can manipulate the master’s ability with the spells I’ve learned, I will be able to use her ability to take the mage’s gift and transfer it to me. It is the night of the new moon.  The night for dark magic. If I succeed, I will take more until I’m too powerful to stop.”  Even though he didn’t completely understand what Toby had read, Kayde’s spine broke out in goose bumps.
Ryan’s face was thoughtful.  “So, this person,” he started. 
Toby interrupted, “His name was Walden Brakken.  I don’t remember seeing his name in any of the local history archives, but then I didn’t know to look for him when I was reading them.”
“Okay, so this Walden dude, he wasn’t a music mage or a mage master. He wanted the power of one or both of them for himself.  So he learned from somewhere some magic spells to steal their power.”
Kayde was amazed that Ryan wasn’t laughing his head off.  What he was saying sounded straight out a cheesy horror movie.
“Yes.  And he succeeded, according to this ledger.  Ryan, there are over a hundred names of people—of music mages—that he lured or kidnapped and brought to his home.  Which, ironically, just so happens to be the house I now live in. But some of the pages were torn from that book.  I think that’s why Mom’s been after mine.  I think I have some symbols or something she needs.” Toby said, his face white.  He continued, “Every one of those people Walden captured had the ability.  And every one of them, he stole their ability and had it transferred to himself. Many of them, he even killed.”
“So, what finally stopped him?  I mean, he was erased from history, so something must’ve stopped him, right?” Ryan asked.  He was still sober-faced, thinking through everything Toby said with interest.  Kayde found himself leaning closer, wanting to learn more.  This could be the missing history of his family line!
“Well,” Toby said.  “It seems his taking on the abilities of so many finally made him to go insane.  The last entries were written by his wife.  Poor woman,” Toby said in a whisper.  “I think she may have been the mage master, because she speaks of trying to stop Walden, but his power was too strong against hers.  In the end, he shot himself in the head.  And then, his wife—and I couldn’t find her name anywhere—contacted each and every one of the music mages her husband had hurt—those still living—begged for forgiveness, and gave them a new start in life.  New names, new locations, new jobs.  You see, with all his power, Walden had accumulated quite a fortune.  His wife used that money to help his victims.  After they started their new lives, she supposedly burned the list of original names so no one, especially anyone like Walden, would ever be able to find them.  But Mom somehow figured out that Kayde is a music mage, maybe from all her genealogy research.”
“Doubtful, if Walden’s wife burned the names,” Ryan said.  “So, now what?  Kayde is gone, so why would your mother still be thinking about all of this?  And how does Terrance fit in?” Ryan asked.  Kayde looked expectantly at Toby, ready for the answers.
Toby pressed his lips together for a moment, then let his words flow.  “I don’t think Kayde left.  I think he was in that accident with Becca.  I went up to the badlands and found this.” He pulled something silver from his jacket pocket.  Kayde peered over his shoulder and gasped as lightning flashed off of the twisted metal of his motorcycle’s mirror; it was completely void of glass.
“I’m almost positive it’s part of Kayde’s motorcycle, the Shadow,” Toby whispered.  “I found this stuck under some sage brush.  And there was dried blood on a large stone—way too far away from where Becca’s car landed to have been her blood.”
Ryan’s eyebrows were scrunched together.  He adjusted his glasses as Kayde’s phantom heart jumped to his throat.  They were going to figure this out!  They were going to get help!  “So, if he didn’t leave, and he was in the accident with Becca, where is he now?” Ryan asked.
Toby’s shoulders slumped.  “That, I don’t know.  But I think Mom and Terrance know.  I think Terrance helped her clear the crash site, maybe even did something with Kayde.  I think he must still be alive, because I overheard Mom talking on her cell.  She plans to do some sort of “surgery” tomorrow night—the night of the new moon. Just like Walden.  And,” he paused and gulped audibly, “She wants to give whatever she’s taking out of this other person and give it to me.”
Toby was shivering now, and Kayde felt the chill, even though he had no body to feel it.  Toby’s mother was planning to steal his ability and give it to Toby?
“Okay, not that what you just said isn’t freaking me out a little, but why is Terrance so eager to help your mother?”
“Because it gets worse,” Toby said.  His face was turning green, as if he were about to vomit.  “Terrance has a thing for Becca.  I think he’s under the impression he’ll be rewarded somehow—like maybe getting Becca for himself. But if Mom told him that, she was lying.  Mom has other plans for Becca,” Toby said darkly.
No one moved as a close flash of lightning snapped outside the building, making a whip-cracking sound.  Ryan’s mouth barley moved as he whispered, “What other plans?”
“She thinks Becca’s a mage master,” Toby whispered back.  “She plans to trick Becca into using a gift she doesn’t even know she has to take Kayde’s ability and give it to me.  And then,” the green around Toby’s mouth deepened, “she wants Becca and me to marry so that our combined power will produce….  She wants to use us to…” Toby’s head flopped down and he shook it from side to side for a minute.
“She wants you to what?” Ryan asked, leaning forward.  His eyes were wide with morbid curiosity.
Toby lifted his head, his face now a pale sea foam green, “She wants us to breed—to make children with these gifts.  She thinks she’ll become someone great and powerful through us and our children! I guess that’s her way of avoiding ending up like Walden.”
Kayde felt sick now, too.  How could this witch even think up something so ludicrous?  He felt the slow boiling inside—the anger, the fury of what this woman was planning to do to Becca.  She had to be wrong.  Becca couldn’t be a mage master.  There wasn’t an evil bone in her body.  But then, Walden’s wife hadn’t been evil either, or so it seemed.  She’d just been in love with the wrong guy.  
“You have to be kidding!  You’re kidding, right?  This is a joke. You’re filming me and then you’re waiting to have a good laugh at my expense,” Ryan said, shaking his head and smiling widely.
Toby’s face didn’t change.  “You don’t believe me?  After everything I’ve endured with you and your ghosts, you don’t believe me when I tell you this?”
Ryan sobered and stared thoughtfully at Toby.  “Sorry, man.  It’s just so…”
“Crazy? Insane?  Beyond belief?  I know.  My mother is sick.  Way more sick than I could’ve ever imagined.  The thing is, Becca may be in danger, and she doesn’t even know it.  We have to warn her.  We have to tell her everything and get her away from here.”
“It would help if we knew where Kayde was.  If she could see him, it might bring back her memories.  She knew he was a music mage; you said she was on her way to tell him when she crashed, right?”
Kayde couldn’t believe what he was hearing.  Becca had been on her way to be with him, to tell him what he was, to help him?  And he’d nearly killed her!
“Yeah.  But I have no idea where he is.  I looked all over the hospital, but no one fitting his description had even ever been admitted there.  I even checked with Melstone City, even the morgues. Same deal,” Toby said. 
“I’m here!  I’M RIGHT HERE!” Kayde shouted at the top of his voice.  He was frantic now, thinking of Becca being in danger.  He was worried before, concerned about his body dying away within the next day or two.  But that fear was nothing compared to the sheer terror he felt at Becca being caught in that woman’s black claws.  He understood now why the sight of Toby’s mother had affected him the way it had.
Toby and Ryan were talking again, but Kayde didn’t pay attention to what they were saying.  He continued to shout and scream, but to no avail.
Then, several things happened in unison; GH, Ryan’s dog, entered the room, froze, stared directly at Kayde and promptly tucked tail and ran, whimpering as she fled the room.  Ryan, seeing her reaction, grabbed Toby’s arm.  Another frighteningly close lightning bolt struck, causing the lights to flicker just as Kayde shouted again, “I’m here!”  Both Toby and Ryan jumped and then looked at each other, wide eyed.
“Did you hear that?” Ryan whispered.  Toby only nodded as his fear rippled out and brushed against Kayde.  
They heard me!




Chapter Twenty Seven
Evidence

Ryan jumped into action, digging furiously through the bag he’d previously been packing.  Wires flew through the air as he pulled them out and tossed them aside until he found what he was looking for.  Shaking, he held up a digital sound recorder with both hands.  “I-Is there someone here with us tonight?” he asked as he slowly moved the device back and forth in front of him as he stepped carefully through the room.  “Don’t be afraid, this device won’t hurt you.  It can record your voice, even if I can’t hear you now.  Please, speak clearly.  Let us know you’re here.” Ryan tripped over some wires he’d thrown on the floor, but quickly righted himself, holding the recorder at arm’s length in front of him.
Kayde stood with his mouth gaping.  Was he serious?  More lightning flashed and Kayde took the moment to say, “It’s me, Kayde Harper!”
Ryan froze, and then turned to Toby.  “You heard something, right?”
“Yeah,” Toby answered shakily.  
“Get the video going, quick!  Make sure the thermal is on!” Ryan commanded.
Toby fumbled with the camera case, pulling out a digital camera attached to a thermal imaging device.  He mimicked Ryan’s movements, slowly moving the camera back and forth as he followed Ryan through the room.
“Please,” Ryan said louder than necessary, “Let us know somehow that you are here.  Tap on a table, move an object if you can.”  
Eager to get their attention, Kayde attempted to tap the table top with his knuckles.  But his hand fell through without making a sound.  Ryan continued to speak.  “Did you used to live here?  Why are you still here?  Are you a man or a woman?”
Kayde was getting frustrated now.  These stupid questions were getting him nowhere.  He had to find a way to communicate.  He tried speaking again, as that seemed to have had the best success so far.  “Hello?  I’m a man, my name is Kayde Harper.  I’m alive, sort of, and I’m in Toby’s basement!  Help me!”
Neither Toby nor Ryan seemed to have heard him this time.  They both turned their backs to him, continuing to sweep the wrong part of the room with their equipment.  Kayde rushed past them, attempting to get in front of Toby’s camera.  “Whoa!  Did you feel that?” Toby said and shivered.  “It was like a rush of frozen air!  You don’t have any major drafts down here, do you?”
“No,” Ryan stated bluntly.
Although Kayde was amazed at what he’d made Toby feel, he was more focused on showing himself on camera.  He set himself in front of the device, walking backwards as Toby stepped forwards.  “Please, let us know of your presence again.  We may have heard you speak earlier.  If you could try to move something, tap something, anything that would tell us you’re here.”
They continued after this pattern for what seemed hours, Ryan asking the spirit to do something to alert them to its presence.  Kayde tried focusing on one object--an empty vegetable can stuffed with pens and pencils--concentrating as he mimicked pushing it off of the table.  As before, his hand slipped through the object.
“Can you move something, maybe something on my desk?” Ryan asked for the thousandth time.
“I’m trying!” Kayde shouted as another flash of light and instant crack of thunder jolted through the room.
Ryan and Toby both screamed, and they didn’t stop.  They were staring straight at Kayde!  Kayde, not sure what to do, screamed back at them.  Toby and Ryan took a quick breath before they screamed again, looked at each other screaming, and then turned back to Kayde.  Their screams fizzled away like the winding down of a siren.  They stood still for several seconds, their breath coming out in rapid huffs.  Finally, Ryan spoke, “Where did he go?”
“I-I don’t know,” Toby said, his voice shaking.  They both swiveled their heads around, trying to catch sight of an invisible form.
“Did you get that on camera?” Ryan asked in a frantically excited tone.
Toby fumbled with the rewind button and then replayed the last minute of the tape.  Their screaming voices sounded, and in the background, Kayde could hear a third muffled voice, as if someone were shouting from behind a thick wall.  It’s me, Kayde thought.   A blurred, shadowy form appeared on the video.
Ryan took the equipment and quickly attached them to computers.  “You listen, I’ll look,” he told Toby.  They spent the next couple hours listening and re-listening to Kayde’s warped voice through the computer.  They watched his form appear and fade over and over, trying to see any details.  They finally agreed the form and the voice were male, and he’d said, “Hello, man…it may be harder…I jive…in basement.  Help!”
Kayde slapped his hand over his face and slowly pulled downward until he squeezed his chin with frustration.  This had been a complete waste of time.  Ryan and Toby had confused him with some seventies disco ghost who’d lost his groove.
“This is so awesome!” Ryan said as he rubbed his hands together.  He moved the digital recorder aside so he and Toby could study the video again.  Had they completely forgotten about Becca?  
Angry, Kayde pounded his fists against the table, which, of course, made no sound, and growled, “Go help Becca, you idiots!”
  Kayde stood and pulled at his hair for a moment.  Then, defeated, he let his arms fall to his sides.  The storm was moving away now, the stronger energy leaving with it.  Kayde could feel himself weakening with its departure.  Maybe it wasn’t just the storm that was leaving him drained.  He had only one day before Toby’s mother planned to suck the life out of him--and use Becca in ways that would torment her for the rest of her life.  He had to make her remember, or neither of them would make it through the next twenty-four hours.
Floating through the misty rain that followed the storm clouds, Kayde made his way back to Becca’s house.  The distant rumble of thunder sounded in the direction of a gray sky.  The sun would be up soon.
Kayde found Becca asleep, looking like the angel he’d always thought her to be.  Overwhelmed with all that was happening, he allowed himself a moment to cry, though no tears touched his cheeks.  After he composed himself, he knelt next to her bed, wanting more than ever just to be near her.  He lifted a hand toward her peaceful face.
Kayde’s eyes followed the pale, pre-dawn light as it brushed across Becca’s porcelain cheek.  He traced her pink rose-petal eyelids with his ghostly fingers, though his touch was nothing but air against her skin.  His eyes followed the path of his fingers as they trailed the side of her face, over her cheek, along her jaw line, and to her mouth.  Her lips were parted in a pout, allowing her soft breath to escape.  Gentle wisps of strawberry blond hair caressed her cheek and neck.  Music played in his mind.  Becca’s song--that sweet, haunting melody Kayde heard any time he was with her or even thought of her.  That music void of words, but filled with a supernatural intensity that drew him to her.  Her gift.
Kayde traced her mouth, wishing desperately he could kiss her, feel her warmth, hold her.  Sadness stabbed him, piercing his transparent skin and cutting his heart like shards of glass.  How could this be happening?  
Becca sighed and smiled, causing Kayde to pull away.  After a moment, he leaned close to her ear and, brushing his mouth against her hair, spoke her name; his voice flowed past his lips in a caressing whisper, “Rabecca.”
Kayde gasped as he watched Becca’s eyes snap open.  Their ice blue color leapt out at him before she lurched upright, passing through his form.  He jolted to his feet in shock.  Had she actually heard him?  Maybe the energy from the storm was still strong enough… His ghostly heart nearly beat its way out of his transparent chest.  (Was his real heart doing the same?)  Its speed increased even more as he watched her cock her head and hold her breath.  She was waiting, listening.
Daring to hope, Kayde whispered her name again.  A sigh of wind, heavy with the scent of freshly fallen rain, whispered through the screen of Becca’s open bedroom window, accompanied by a distant flash of light from the receding storm.  Her head jerked toward the sound before she released her breath and flopped back to her pillow.  Kayde held his breath in anticipation.  Mumbling something about whispering dreams, Becca closed her eyes and breathed evenly.
Kayde slowly released the air from his lungs as hope fled the room. The first rays of sun broke through the clouds and streamed through the window as he felt himself fading.  He tightened his hands in frustrated fists.  Somehow, he had to make her remember.  She had to remember him before it was too late…




Chapter Twenty Eight
Mysterious Gift
 
Becca stared at the beautifully wrapped package that sat on the kitchen table, her pulse causing her head to spin.  She knew that the gift hadn’t been there the night before.  Where could it possibly have come from?  Becca backed away from the table as if something dark and sinister sat staring at her, waiting to attack. Why was this simple thing causing her such anxiety?  Her thoughts answered as she remembered the strange appearances of the defaced photos and the bank card.  And the constant dream whispers had her on edge.  She’d had another earlier that morning, but she couldn’t make her mind focus on what it had been about.
 Becca spun around and trotted up the hall, stopping breathless by Chris’ bedroom.  She gave the door a quick tap before opening it a crack. Then, she forced her way into the room, her heart beating faster.  Chris wasn’t there!
Racing back to the kitchen, Becca attempted to ignore the mysterious gift as she searched for a note.  Her mind jumped around like a frantic rabbit, attempting to remember the details of the day before.  Had Chris told her he was going somewhere this morning?  She quickly looked out the front door window.  The silver truck sat in the driveway, the morning sun glinting off thousands of orbs of water left from last night’s storm.  It hadn’t been touched.  
On the verge of panic, Becca raced to the phone and dialed Chris’ cell.  Music played in her ear seconds before a different tune sounded dolefully through the house.  Chris’ phone sat on the coffee table in front of the couch.  He never went anywhere without his cell phone.
The gift on the table drew her attention again.  Maybe there was a note with it--perhaps Chris had set it there and was hiding somewhere, waiting to see her reaction when she opened it.  Shakily, Becca walked to the table and sat down.  She took a few deep breaths to calm herself before she lightly slid the present toward her.  This was ridiculous.  A gift should bring a person joy, not fear.  
Becca stared at it for a minute as she forced herself to relax.  The wrapping was beautiful; iridescent silver paper formed around a rectangle, the folds at the ends were crisp and neat.  A single string of matching silver ribbon hugged the box, tied together at the top in a simple bow.  Her fear aside, Becca almost hated to open it.  It was too pretty.
Quickly, before she could give herself any more reasons to avoid opening it, Becca snatched the gift from the table, pulled the ribbon off, and tore the paper.  A modest wooden box, void of markings of any kind, sat before her.  She was no expert on wood working, but the box seemed to have been well crafted; even though it was simple, it radiated a certain beauty that caused her to trace the pads of her fingertips tenderly across the lid.  The polished wood was smooth and cool to the touch.  
Becca licked her lips and swallowed as she pressed her fingers at the front of the box, ready to open it.  The lid pulled away from the base, forming a tiny crack.  Blood rushed in her ears with the increase of her pulse; she had the strange sensation that she was about to open more than just a box.  Slowly, Becca opened it a little further.
The blaring ring of the phone caused a strangled sound to escape Becca’s throat as she attempted to hold back a scream.  Her hand jerked away from the box, causing the lid to snap back into place.  Jumping to her feet, she tore the phone from the cradle that hung on the wall.   “Chris?  Is that you?” she asked without voicing a greeting.
“Hey, how did you know?” Relief flooded Becca at the sound of her brother’s voice. 
“Where are you?  You’ve had me worried half to death!”
“Sorry.  I didn’t want to wake you, and I forgot to leave a note.  Guess what?”
Becca sighed heavily, expending nervous energy.  “What?”
“I’ve found a building to start my motorcycle shop in, and it’s fairly inexpensive.  I felt like walking this morning, you know, like Mom and Dad used to like to do the morning after a storm, and just happened to find this place.  We pass by it all the time, but I never paid attention to it before.”  Chris rattled on about the building and his plans for renovation.  The sounds of clanking dishes and the hum of conversation sounded in the background. He was at the diner.
When he finally took a breath, Becca asked, “Did you leave this gift on the table?  What’s it for?”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about.  What gift?”
The hairs on Becca’s neck prickled.  If Chris hadn’t left it, then who did?  Someone had been sneaking through their house while Chris was gone and she was sleeping!
Trying to control the shaking in her voice, Becca answered, “There was a gift on the table this morning.  I thought you’d left it here.”
“Wasn’t me.  It was probably one of your friends, though.  I’ve been bumping into a few of them down here and they’re all eager to know how you’re doing.  Someone probably dropped it off after I talked to them.  They probably just didn’t want to wake you, either.”
Scolding herself for being crazy, Becca agreed that Chris’ explanation made sense.  They finished their conversation and Becca hung up the phone.  She sat in front of the box, ready again to open it, more curious now that fearful.   She allowed her fingers to bask in the feel of the smooth wood for a few minutes.  Who would’ve given her such a beautiful object?  Better yet, where did they find it?  When she found out who it was from, she’d have to give them a huge ‘thanks’ and ask where she could find another box like this one.  She’d love to find something like this for Chris.  
Becca continued to stroke the lid; the motion was calming, almost hypnotizing.  The wood grain formed patterns that took shapes of various animals or objects.  She found a wolf’s head, a heart, and a music note.  Becca hummed absent-mindedly as she traced the shapes with her pointer finger.  The melody escaping her lungs was vaguely familiar, as if from some dream.  Images formed in her mind, almost taking shape in the wood underneath her touch.  She traced out the name Kayde with her finger and then abruptly stopped.  Why had she done that?
The euphoric mood she’d indulged in vanished like mist under the summer sun.  She’d spelled out that name with her finger in a day dream-like way, like Kayde was someone…special. 
A scream caught in Becca’s throat again at the sound of someone knocking on the door.  She hopped out of her chair and scurried to the door, hoping whoever stood on the other side was the mysterious gift-giver.  She could use a good reality-check!
The knob turned under Becca’s hand before the door burst open.  Ryan and Toby shoved their way past her, carrying some equipment from Ryan’s house--some of his ghost hunting gear.  Becca groaned and ran her fingers through her messy hair.  “What is this, guys?  I’m not in the mood to listen to pipes clanking or floor boards popping.”
Ryan looked up at her, completely baffled.  His ruffled clothes and hair seemed normal enough, but the rings under his glossy, yet peculiarly excited eyes indicated he hadn’t slept much the night before.  “What?  Oh. No, Becca, none of that this time.  We actually caught an entity last night!”  His smile lit up the room.
Becca looked to Toby, but he was absorbed in hooking things up to Ryan’s laptop.  He looked as sleep-deprived as Ryan. 
“You really caught something on video?  And what do you mean ‘we’?” Becca asked.  Toby lifted his head and gave her a quick glance.  “I thought Toby bailed.”
“I ended up at Ryan’s last night after I did some investigating at home,” he said.  He continued to attach wires and play with the keys on the laptop.
Becca’s heart jumped to her throat.  She’d remembered that Ryan had said that Toby was bailing on the ghost hunting, but she’d forgotten what Toby was planning to do the night before.  The strange gift had completely distracted her.  “Toby, what did you find out?  Anything?  Did your mom catch you?”  She was at his side, gripping his arm with her good hand as worry took dominance over her emotions.
Toby gave her a half grin as he typed something on the computer.  “We’ll get to that.  But first, we need you to see and hear this.”
“Really, I’m not that interested in ghosts right now.  How can you find this more important that what you found out last night?”  Becca felt the anger seeping in.  Why were they playing around with this ghost stuff when something bigger, and possibly scarier, was happening? 
Toby motioned for her to sit next to him on the couch.  “Just come and take a look and listen.  We feel this is important for you to see and hear.”
Becca sat tentatively next to her friend.  “Why?  What does this have to do with anything?”
“Becca,” Toby said, looking at her with a serious expression.  “Ryan and I think this might help you remember something important.  Or, I guess I should say, someone important.  Before I tell you what I found last night, it would help a lot if you could remember some things.”
How could watching ghosts help her remember anything?  The question sent goose bumps marching up her arms and down her spine.  She looked to Ryan, hoping she’d see mischief in his eyes that would indicate this was a prank.  His eyes were uncharacteristically serious.
Becca gulped.  “O-Okay.  I’ll bite.”  A strange giggle escaped through her nose--a feeble attempt at sounding nonchalant.  “Show me what you got.”




Chapter Twenty Nine
Kayde Harper

Toby looked at Ryan, Ryan nodded solemnly to Toby.  Toby’s brown eyes rested on Becca as he said, “Okay, the first thing we’re going to show you is the full-body apparition.  It’s a little weird seeing it, but also really cool.”
Ryan trotted over to the couch and sat on the arm, leaning over eagerly to watch the small screen.  Becca watched the laptop, her eyes wide, as Toby pressed a button to begin the recording.  The camera jumped around a bit as Ryan’s voice sounded over the laptop speakers, “Can you move something, maybe on my desk?” 
A bright flash of light burst over the screen for half of a split second.  With the light came a crack of thunder and then…Becca screamed along with the recorded screams of Toby and Ryan.  A strange shadowy figure stood in front of the camera.
Becca placed her hands over her mouth after the screams stopped on the laptop.  Ryan and Toby were looking at her, excitement flashing in their eyes.  Becca slowly removed her hands.  “That,” she whispered, “was the creepiest thing I’ve ever seen!  Congrats, Ryan.  I think you really have something this time.”  
“That’s not all,” Ryan said.  “Let her hear the EVP’s.”  He motioned with his chin toward Toby as he spoke.  
“This first one, we thought we had figured out.  We thought this was a disco ghost at first,” Toby said as he chuckled.  “But, uh, we found out later we were wrong.  And I’ll let you hear what changed our minds in a minute.”
Toby played the EVP as Becca leaned forward to listen.  The words were warped, like the recording had been slowed.  “I can’t tell what he’s saying.  It is a he, isn’t it?”
“Yes,” Ryan said, giving her an intense look.  
“Okay,” Becca said slowly.  “So, what is he saying?”
“We thought he was saying, ‘Hello, man…it may be harder…I jive…in basement.  Help!’  But we decided later that probably wasn’t what he said.  The next EVP clued us in to the fact that we were a little off base,” Toby said.  “Let’s listen to that now. This one will really freak you out, but you have to hear it. ” 
Ryan spoke as Toby searched for the recording he wanted.  “I had set my digital recorder aside as Toby and I were going over the footage of the apparition.  I must’ve accidentally hit the ‘record’ button, because it captured what you’re about to hear.”
Toby was ready by the time Ryan finished speaking.  He played the recording as he stared at Becca.  She could hear Ryan and Toby’s voices again, as they excitedly went over and over the apparition footage.  Then, a deep, harsh voice practically blasted through the speakers, “HELP BECCA…”  Two words followed, but Becca didn’t hear them.  Her heart had leapt to her throat and stopped beating.  She forgot how to breathe and she suddenly felt as if she were standing in a freezer.  Her jaw started vibrating as her teeth chattered.
“Whoa!  Becca!  It’s going to be alright,” Toby whipped the blanket off the back of the couch and wrapped it around Becca.  He held her tight and rubbed her arms to warm and comfort her.  Those haunting words just kept echoing in Becca’s mind, chilling her to her core.  Her mind tried to sort it out for several minutes, but she just couldn’t comprehend a ghost warning her friends to help her.
Becca’s voice cracked when she was finally able to speak.  “Who is that?  And why are they talking about me?”  She could feel a tear run down her cheek.  This was too much--more than she could bear.  Why were all these bizarre things happening to her?
Ryan was suddenly in front of her, holding out a steaming cup of tea.  She hadn’t even noticed he’d left.  She took the cup and held the heat against her frozen hands.  Toby insisted she take a few drinks before they proceeded. 
“You mean, there’s more?” Becca’s voice came out in a squeak.  She didn’t know if she could handle anything else right now.
Toby’s voice was soothing, but his words were unnerving.  “Becca, it’s important for you to hear all of this.  This is what I was talking about.  This last EVP might be a key to helping you remember.”
Clinging to Toby like her life depended on it, Becca slowly nodded to indicate she was ready, even though she was far from it and would probably never be ready.  Toby said, “We missed this one because it recorded early, before the apparition.  We were so focused on that footage, we failed to check the earlier recordings.”  He pressed the ‘enter’ button and the recording began.  As another flash of light burst over the screen, a distinct voice said, “It’s me, Kayde Harper!”
The room twisted in a rapid, sickening motion as Becca began to hyperventilate.  She tried to stand before her mind could warn her it was a bad idea.  Weakened legs gave way beneath her and Toby barely caught her before she went crashing onto the coffee table and all of Ryan’s expensive equipment.  
“Stay sitting for awhile,” Toby said, trying to mask his concern under a smooth voice.  “I’m sorry, Becca,” he said more softly as he held her in a tight embrace.
Becca buried her face in his shirt and let the tears flow.  That name was haunting her--and not just with the physical evidence.  Something about that name brought joy and terror screaming through her like…like the screaming of tires against pavement as she slammed on the brakes!  That tiny flash of memory popped in her mind; her foot slamming against the brake pedal, the sound of her tires squealing against the road.  Nothing else came, but that bit of memory caused her to jerk away from Toby.  She gaped at him for a moment, staring at him as if he could magically bring the rest of the memories out of hiding.
“What is it?” Toby asked.
“I-I think I just remembered something.  A flash of part of the accident.  I remember slamming on the brakes, and hearing the tires on the road.”
Ryan slapped his hands together, causing Becca to jump.  “That’s great!  You see, this was a good idea,” he said as he patted Toby’s shoulder.
“Do you remember anything else,” Toby asked, the concern in his voice now mixed with eagerness.
Becca tried to concentrate, but the haunting name of Kayde Harper kept interfering.  She finally shook her head.  “No. I know that name, though--Kayde Harper, I mean.   That’s why I got so freaked out a minute ago. Wait here,” she said and shakily stood up.  
“Do you need help?” Toby asked, leaping to his feet, ready to assist her.
“No, I think I’m okay.  Just a minute,” she said and then walked to her room as fast as her jelly-legs would allow.  She quickly took the photos and bank card out of her vanity and returned to the living room.  She sat down, grateful to be off her unsteady legs again.  
“These photos were somehow put into the pocket of one of my jean shorts.  One’s of me, the other of a man--I’m thinking it’s Kayde Harper.  The faces are cut out.  I don’t have any idea where they came from.”  She looked up at her friends.  They looked at the photos on the table, then at each other in a strange way.  She placed the bank card on the table so that the name was visible.  “This came to me in the mail.  I have no idea who sent it or why.  And now, today, that gift,” she pointed to the table, “showed up out of nowhere, and you two bring me this horror movie.”  
Toby and Ryan gave each other another sidelong glance before casting their eyes to the floor.  Ryan was the first to look at her.  “Sorry. We had to show you.  I don’t know where all these other things came from, but it looks to me like Toby and I aren’t the only ones trying to help you remember things.”
Becca studied the guys’ faces for awhile.  They squirmed a little, then Toby cleared his throat, the sound interrupting the uncomfortable silence.  Becca glared at them.  “You two know who this guy is, don’t you?” she asked.
Toby sighed heavily, glanced at Ryan, and then looked at Becca.  “What’s in the gift on the table?”
“WHO CARES?” Becca screamed as all the crazy emotions she’d been feeling, all the fear, confusion, and worry burst out of her in a blaze of fury. “I WANT YOU TO TELL ME WHO KAYDE HARPER IS RIGHT NOW!!”
She stood, her legs shaking now because of rage rather than fear.  She breathed heavily and gave Ryan and Toby a look she hoped was deadly.  Judging from their expressions, it was working.  Gulping audibly, Toby spoke first, “Becca, you know we have to let you--”
“What?  Let me what?  Remember on my own?  WHY?  What difference does it make?”
Toby gave Ryan a desperate look.  Ryan turned to her and said, “Just take it easy, Becca. Let’s talk through this.”
Becca was done talking.  With her emotions raging like an angry lion, she couldn’t see any reason to even allow her friends to stay.  “Just get out!  If you won’t tell me what I want to know then get out of here!”
They stood in shocked silence for a moment, gaping at her like she was possessed.  They jumped into action when she screamed, “NOW!”  Somehow, in their haste, they managed to scoop up all the gear and exit without incident.  The door clicked shut and Becca stood shaking in her anger for several minutes before she flopped onto the couch, exhausted.
The guilt settled in then.  Her friends had been trying to help her and she’d just treated them like they were evil.  She was just so frustrated!  Still, she shouldn’t have taken it all out on Toby and Ryan.
Slowly and weakly, Becca made her way to the bathroom.  She needed to take a good long shower, and then go find her friends and apologize.  
The water was soothing.  Becca basked in hot streams of water as they melted the tension from her muscles.  Fifteen minutes later, she dried herself and put on a pair of sweat shorts and a tank top.  Wrapping a towel around her wet hair, she made her way into the hall.  She’d been heading toward her room but turned instead to the kitchen.  The gift sat waiting for her.
“Okay, enough is enough.  Maybe you can tell me something.  What secret are you holding?” she asked aloud.  Yeah, I’ve gone crazy.   I’m now talking to inanimate objects!  Crazy or not, she had to find out what was inside.
This time, Becca didn’t allow herself to caress the wood.  She simply pressed her fingers against the lid and forced it open.  A song trailed out from inside the box.  Becca couldn’t help but stop and listen.  The music was so smooth, so beautiful.  And strange.  It wasn’t the typical light tinkling of a music box.  It was almost as if…as if someone were humming!  It didn’t sound like a recording, either.  She could almost feel the person standing in the room, humming the song softly in her ear.
Becca listened for a moment more before an object inside the velvet interior of the box drew her attention.  Her breath caught slightly as she grabbed a wooden locket and lifted it toward her face.  Absentmindedly, she closed the lid of the box, ending the strange music.  Her attention was completely on the necklace.  The wooden heart was attached to a strip of leather rather than a metal chain.  But the leather suited it, Becca thought.  A chain wouldn’t have brought out the beauty of the locket so well.
With the sound of her heart nearly deafening her, Becca stroked the locket with her fingertips.  It was as smooth as the box, but even more beautiful.  It felt peculiarly familiar.  That odd tune played again, the song from before, when she’d been tracing things on the lid of the box.  If she wasn’t mistaken, the two faces from the photos would fit perfectly inside this locket.  
Becca turned the necklace until she found the clasp along the nearly invisible seem.  With trembling fingers, she held her breath and began to open the locket.




Chapter Thirty
The Basement

Kayde hovered, suspenseful, over Becca’s shoulder.  Ryan and Toby’s visit hadn’t gone as well as he’d hoped; at least they’d shown up to try to warn Becca.  But she’d lost it when she’d heard his name.  Her reaction had been painful for him, the way his very name made her panic.  That pain would rapidly turn into darkness if he didn’t keep reminding himself that Becca was suffering far more than he was right now.  Even so, the dark music played at the edges of his subconscious, taunting him, urging him to give it release.  But he wouldn’t listen to it; he couldn’t.
What would happen, though, when Becca opened the locket?  Kayde didn’t know how the gift he’d made had come to be here.  He’d been with Becca constantly since he’d arrived earlier that morning.  He hadn’t heard anyone enter the house.  Maybe it had been left the night before, when he’d been gone.  Didn’t really matter.  It was here, and she was holding it, stroking it, ready to open it.  Had he done the work right?  Would his music play?  Even if it did play, what effect would it have on Becca?  Part of him had a desperate need for her to hear his voice again, to feel their music and embrace it as she had done in the past.  
The other part of him wanted her to let him slip away from life and remain forgotten.  It was because of him that she was suffering.  He had done this to her.  
Everything was too complicated now.  She was in danger and he needed to protect her.  But how would her remembering help?  He wasn’t sure anymore.  Toby and Ryan thought they could explain things better to her if she knew who he was, knew of their feelings for each other, and then knew what Toby’s mother was planning to do with him.  Maybe they were right.  Maybe not.  
Kayde just needed to make sure Becca was safe.  If remembering him helped protect her, then he wanted her memory returned more than anything else.
Becca’s delicate fingers pressed against the seam of the locket.  Kayde could feel her anticipation mix with his own.  “I love you, Becca”, he whispered.  It just felt like the thing to say at such an intense moment.  He wished she could hear him.
A breath before Becca opened the locket, the phone rang again.  Screaming with nerves and rage, she clenched the wooden heart in her fist and ripped the phone off the wall.  Kayde wished she’d smash it against the floor.  
“WHAT?” she yelled.  Becca’s stiff form softened slightly before she spoke again.  “Sorry, Chris.  I’m just having a really bad day.  Yeah, I’ll come get you.  Just let me get my hair combed.  You still at the diner?  Oh, okay.  I’ll meet you there in a few minutes.  Bye.”  She hung up the phone, looked at the locket in her palm, and then pulled the leather strap around her neck.  The heart rested beautifully below the delicate indentation at the base of her throat between her collar bones.  
Kayde watched with sad longing as she stroked the heart with her finger for a moment, seemingly lost in thought.  Her brows were scrunched together again.  What was going on in her mind right now?  He wished he knew.  He wished she’d open the locket.
With a sigh, Becca released the necklace and headed to the bathroom.  A few minutes later, she grabbed some keys off of the kitchen counter before making her way out of the house and into Chris’ truck.  Kayde sat beside her--just as he had the first time they’d met.  Becca steered one-armed through town, past the bridge and along the river.  Behind Glenville’s second grocery store was a vacated building.  Chris stood before it, his hands in the pockets of his jeans.  His blond hair nearly blinded Kayde as the sun reflected off of it. 
Becca pulled up and stepped out of the truck, Kayde right on her heels.  “Hey!” Chris stated with a bright smile.  “What do you think?” he asked and motioned with his hands toward the empty building.
Kayde studied the building with Becca for a few moments.  It wasn’t in too bad of shape.  He started thinking of ways certain things could be fixed, what needed to be hauled away to the dump, how it could use a paint job...  He could even envision motorcycles displayed in the enormous front window, enticing would-be riders to enter the store.
“It’s great, Chris!” Becca said, her voice sincerely enthusiastic.  “When do you get to look inside?”
“I was hoping today.  Let’s go to Spence’s and see if he’ll let us borrow the key for an hour or so.  He’s the one selling it.  I don’t think he’ll mind.”  
“Okay,” Becca said.  Before they left, she and Chris walked all around the building while Chris excitedly mapped out his plans for the place.  His vision was even grander than Kayde’s, but was also perfectly sensible.
By the time they returned to the truck, it was late afternoon.  Chris took them through a drive-thru so he and Becca could eat as they drove around town.  Kayde’s mouth watered at the sight of the juicy burgers.  What he wouldn’t give to sink his teeth into one.  It had been a very long time since he’d eaten.  He leaned in, attempting to smell Becca’s fries as she plucked one out of its cardboard container.  He imagined their greasy, salty aroma, wishing he could taste one.
Brother and sister continued to talk, looking at each other through Kayde’s head.  He knew it shouldn’t matter, but he felt awkward wedged between the two.  Chris sang a bit to the song on the radio.  His voice was so clear, and Kayde was certain he felt something behind the vibrations of the man’s voice.  Becca’s voice had been powerful for him.  Toby’s mother thought Becca was a mage master.  Maybe that would mean Chris was too.  Even though Chris’ voice was intense, the energy from it didn’t compare to Becca’s.
  Kayde shook his head, trying to clear his thoughts.  He just wanted to continue listening to the siblings talk and sing, as if they were all just out on a casual drive.  The fresh summer air swirled around them through the open truck windows.  If Kayde wasn’t a spirit, and wasn’t pressed up against another man, that moment would’ve felt almost normal.
As Chris turned off of the main road toward where Kayde assumed Spence’s house was, a loud bleeping sounded from behind them.  Chris looked in his rear-view mirror and scowled.  Kayde turned full circle as Becca carefully turned her head to look behind.  Terrance! The man’s name was a vile word in Kayde’s mouth.
The police cruiser flashed its lights and allowed its siren another quick bleep, signaling Chris to pull over.  “What in the world could he want?” Chris asked irritably.
Becca’s face paled and Kayde could feel her discomfort.  Toby’s suspicions about the cop were no doubt racing through her mind just as they were through Kayde’s.  Whatever Terrance was up to couldn’t be good.
Chris pulled up to the curb and yanked the registration out of the glove compartment.  He released a small curse.  “Forgot--I don’t have my license with me.”
Terrance was at the window.  “Hey, Terrance,” Chris smiled cheerily at the man.  “What’s up?”
The smile on Terrance’s face was not friendly.  He looked at Chris, then looked at Becca in that animal-like way that gave Kayde second thoughts about not using his ability.  “I need you both to step out of the truck,” Terrance said, not taking his eyes off of Becca.
Chris released a chuckle.  “What, you think we have drugs or something?  What’s this about, Terrance?  We haven’t done anything wrong and you know it.”
The policeman turned his attention back to Chris.  He then turned his head to the left and right, looking both ways down the currently empty street.  He set his deadly gaze back on Chris.  “Just get out of the truck.”
Chris’ muscles tensed as his right hand clenched the steering wheel.  Becca’s discomfort blossomed into fear, striking against Kayde.  “Not until you tell me why,” Chris stated firmly.
Before another breath could be taken, Terrance had reached in, grabbed Chris’ head and smashed it against the steering wheel, knocking him unconscious.  A trickle of blood ran down his forehead.  Becca screamed, but her voice was muffled as Gabe appeared out of nowhere and reached through her window to cover her mouth.  Kayde growled and swung useless fists at the attackers.  
Terrance opened the driver’s side door and dragged Chris out of the truck and hauled him to the cruiser.  He stuffed Becca’s brother in the back seat before coming to help Gabe with Becca.  The stocky youth had managed to pull Becca from the truck and was holding her arms back with one hand while his other arm was wrapped over her mouth.  Becca’s eyes were pinched with pain, her shoulder going red above the cast on her arm.  Kayde’s fury was so hot, he was sure anyone near should feel it.  But he was completely worthless; he couldn’t do anything to help Becca.
Becca bit down on Gabe’s arm, causing him to growl, but he didn’t release her.  “Now, Becca,” Terrance said in his slimy voice, “Don’t fight us, or we’ll have to hurt you, or we’ll hurt Chris more.”  A wolf grin spread across his face.
Freezing, Becca stared at Terrance, her eyes wide and watering.  Terrance came closer to her, licking his lips.  He touched her cheek with a pointer finger.  “You’ll learn to behave with me.  After you’re mine.”
Becca’s wide eyes narrowed as her brows dove toward the top of her nose.  Suddenly, Terrance grunted and growled as Becca’s knee made serious contact with his groin.  Kayde felt great satisfaction at the sight.  But his frustration at being helpless to do his own damage grew with every second.  Maybe he should sing…
With frightening rage, Terrance swiftly rose from his hunched position and swung a fist around, hitting Becca on the side of her head.  Kayde screamed in fury and, not thinking, leapt at Terrance in an attempt at tackling him.  He fell through the man’s form, leaving Terrance unharmed.  
Turning back to Becca, Kayde watched helplessly as Gabe hoisted her limp form over his shoulder like a sack of dog food and took her to the car.  Terrance leaned over, resting his hands on his legs, taking a moment to catch his breath.
Kayde had no choice now.  He had to sing to save Becca.  But would it work?  They couldn’t hear him, but he was sure the pure loathing, the hate-filled, evil energy he was currently experiencing would be strong enough to overcome that barrier.
Kayde put his mouth next to Terrance’s ear and prepared to hum.  He could feel the power welling up from his core, toward his mouth.  It rose with furious determination, ready to fulfill its deadly purpose.  As the dark melody came to Kayde’s throat, he opened his power to his voice and…
NOTHING!  His music caught in his throat like a rock; he grasped his neck as he attempted to gasp for air.  This shouldn’t be happening!  How could a spirit need to breath?  How could a spirit choke?
Kayde fell to his knees.  Reflexively, he swallowed.  Pain and fire shot through his throat for a moment, but the rock slid back down his throat, allowing him to gasp desperately for air.  He kneeled on the pavement, trying to catch his breath and clear his panicked mind as Terrance drove away in the police cruiser.  Gabe took Chris’ truck and followed.
Trying to ignore his pain and fear, Kayde leapt up and raced after them, uncertain of what to do or how to help.  
Chasing the vehicles and actually keeping up with them would’ve been exhilarating had this been a different occasion.  Trees, cars, and houses blurred past as Kayde fed his wild emotions into energy for running after Terrance and Gabe. The cruiser slowed, leading them down an alley and then into a private, back driveway.  The entire drive and garage area were smothered with trees. Even the two story houses next door wouldn’t be able to see through the thick barrier of branches, leaves, and, further down, flowering bushes.
Kayde was less than surprised to find that they had arrived at Toby’s house.  His fear returned, spiking through him like a hot blade.  Panic and rage fought with his sanity.  He had to do something--they were taking Becca inside!
Trembling, Kayde stood in the darkening back yard, watching as Gabe and Terrance hauled Becca and Chris into the house through a nearly hidden door that, he assumed, led to the basement.  That had to be how they’d moved his body there without anyone seeing.  
After the door had closed silently behind Gabe, Kayde took a tentative step forward.  His mind raced with the memory of the last time he’d come near this place.  The sheer terror, helplessly being pulled in, almost waking inside his mangled body.
 Kayde felt so helpless and so alone.  The cold darkness he’d felt after the accident in that strange void flooded him again.  
But one thing had brought him out of that void.  One, beautiful name; Becca.
She was in there with those demons.  He couldn’t allow terror to keep him from doing whatever he could to help the only person in his life that had ever truly brought joy to his heart and mind.  He thought of her music, allowing it to flow through him.  It gave him some courage.  
Kayde took a step forward.
Again, the ‘crook’ yanked at him from behind, pulling against his legs.  Kayde fell on his back and was immediately pulled forward.  The terror took over for a moment, but he did his best to swallow it, reminding himself he’d been through this before and that it was all to help Becca.
Kayde felt as if he actually hit the door when he came to it; the pain hit with incredible force, his entire body throbbing from the impact.  But he hadn’t hit the door.  He knew where he was.  In spite of the discomfort, Kayde forced himself to remain still, commanded himself to remain silent.  He couldn’t let them know he was here, that he was conscious. He had to do something, and soon.  His body was still attached to tubes and braces, restricting much movement.  At least he could find out what was happening around him, maybe see something he could use for a weapon--if he had the strength to lift it, and the strength to pull away from his bound state. Carefully, he cracked his swollen lids a tiny slit.
Blurred forms moved about the room.  Voices reached his ears, the first giving him chills.  It was her.  Toby’s mother, Catherine, firmly spouted commands as Terrance and Gabe entered the room, still carrying Becca and Chris like hunting trophies.
“Put them in the room I’ve prepared.  Bind them for now.  I can use the boy as collateral if she refuses to do what we need when the time comes.”
The two thugs did as they were told, moving out of Kayde’s sliver of vision.  Another person entered the room.  He wore a long, white shirt--Dr. Kasden.  The man spoke, his voice strained, “Catherine, this isn’t right.  Stop this now, before it’s too late.  Please!”
The woman backhanded him across the face, causing his head to spin.  Kayde flinched at the sound and sight of it.  The doctor rubbed his cheek, but didn’t speak again.  Catherine’s voice was cold and quiet when she spoke.  “Just do as you’re told.  You’ll reap the benefits of this as much as I will.  Besides,” she said, her voice more relaxed, even cheery, “It’s too late, dear.  You’re in too far.  If anything goes wrong, you’ll be implicated along with the rest of us.  You will see this through.”
The witch turned her back to her husband to light several candles.  She continued talking as she went about her task.  “It will be completely dark in a few hours.  These candles will be burned to just the right height for the spell.”  She turned abruptly after lighting the last candle.  “Get your things ready, Jack,” she said, her voice now filled with the kind of excitement Kayde had heard from other women when they were about to go shoe shopping.  “We’ll wake him now so that he’ll be ready.  He’ll need to drink several times to smooth his dry throat.  He must be able to sing.”  
Kayde abruptly closed his eyes as Catherine turned to him and approached the bed.  He nearly jumped and yelled when her cold touch brushed a strand of hair away from his forehead.  “Such a pity,” she said softly.  “He’s such a handsome little devil.  I really hate to see him die.”
Her chuckle was like the death she promised wrapping its cold arms around his body.  He felt the pure helplessness of his situation.  He couldn’t fight. He couldn’t even move.  He probably wouldn’t even live through the night.  Becca was in some other room, unconscious and being bound by Terrance. Horrid thoughts of what that demon might do to her while she was unconscious and no one was watching assaulted Kayde’s mind.  He could do nothing to stop any of this.  Please, he pleaded to whoever or whatever might hear him.  Help!
A tear rolled away from the corner of his eye as he felt a needle break through the skin of his arm.



Chapter Thirty One
Broken Pieces

She knew she was dreaming, but everything seemed so real.  Becca could see her hands, body, and legs; anything beyond the two inches of light that surrounded her was swallowed in darkness.  She felt as if she were under the harsh gaze of a glaring spotlight.  Her hands trembled as she held them in front of her, resting her elbows against her torso for stability.  Oddly, she didn’t find it strange that her cast was missing from her left arm.  Shards of jagged glass from a broken bowl or something dug into her palms as she grasped them tightly, terrified that if she let go, the pieces might completely shatter against the ground and she’d lose it all forever.  Blood dripped from her hands as she squeezed tighter and the glass cut her skin.
The light slowly spread outward, increasing the visibility around Becca.  She gasped as the edge of the circle of light rolled over two forms, illuminating them into clarity.  Her parents stood before her, calm and smiling.
“Becca,” her mother’s voice washed over her like a wave of warm, comforting air.  “Please, it’s time to let go.” A crease formed between her mom’s brows as she looked at Becca’s hands.  
Speechless, Becca struggled between holding onto the glass and dropping it so she could run to her parents and feel their embrace. “Where have you been?” she whispered. Then her voice broke out in an angry shout.  “All this time, I’ve felt so alone!  Why did you leave?  Why haven’t you been here to help me?”
Her dad’s glossy eyes gazed tenderly at her.  “Becca, we’ve been here all the time.  We never truly left.  We’ll always be as close as we are right now.  You just have to believe it.  Release your pain,” he said, gesturing toward her hands with a slight nod of his head.
Becca swallowed the lump in her throat, wanting to say more, but unable to find the words.  Her parents approached, each placing a hand tenderly on one of her shoulders.  She could feel the warmth of their touch through her shirt.  She closed her eyes, letting the sensation soak in for a long while.  A tear trailed along her cheek as she opened her eyes again.
Her dad spoke quietly, “Something broken cannot be mended if you keep holding on to it, Becca.”
“He’s right,” her mother said.
Becca sobbed softly and replied, “I’m so scared!  I don’t want to lose everything like I lost you.  I don’t know if I have the strength to let go.”
“It’ll be okay, Becca,” her mother whispered.  Becca looked deeply into her mother’s sincere gaze.  Crinkles formed around her mom’s eyes as the woman smiled.  “Everything will work out for the best, you’ll see.”
They stepped away from her then, leaving her standing alone with her broken vessel.  “Only you can do this, Becca,” her dad said firmly.  
Shaking to the point of nearly having a seizure, Becca gulped and gave her parents another long look.  They each nodded for her to proceed.  Becca shifted her eyes to her hands.  The broken glass caused sharp pain where it pierced her skin.  She took a deep breath, and then pulled her hands apart, giving the glass freedom.  
To her astonishment, the vessel dropped slightly and then halted, suspended in mid air.  The cuts on Becca’s hands disappeared, taking the pain with them.  From somewhere in the darkness, flashes of light and sound appeared and circled the broken vessel like moths around a flame.  Memory echoes! As if gentle, invisible hands were at work, each piece of the vessel caught a spark of light and sound before they eased together, slowly repairing the vessel.   
Suddenly, Becca felt her parents’ love.  How could she have doubted their presence?  More lights swirled around the vessel, melding more of the shards together.  As each seam melted away, leaving no indication of separation, clarity came into Becca’s mind.  She saw Chris, happy at giving up a life he would’ve never been satisfied with to come and care for her; and, in doing so, discovering his true dream.  More lights, more pieces--she was beginning to remember…
As the vessel began to take shape, a familiar face materialized.  At first, the face brought pain and fear.  Becca stepped away, uncertain whether or not she really wanted this to continue.  Her parents encouraged her again, giving her the strength she needed to move forward.
Becca’s face was wet with every kind of tear--happy, sad, hurt, angry, and happy again.  His face, Kayde’s beautiful face, filled in so many pieces, so many memories.  His voice, his tender touch, his deep gaze, connected the pieces of the previously elusive jig saw puzzle.   Nervous, Becca watched, knowing what she was about to see.  The one memory she feared the most.  
But it was different than she thought it would be.  She saw Kayde’s dark features, heard his evil song.  However, the look on his face when he realized it was Becca coming around the corner...  He raced toward the wall, his jaw now set with fear and determination.
Becca screamed as they both hit the wall and crashed.  The hairs on her neck stood on end at the sound of Kayde’s desperate voice shouting her name. He hadn’t been trying to kill her.   He’d tried to save her! 
The last broken piece came to the top of a delicate vase and settled into place.  The music of Becca’s soul rang out as the glass melded together, making the vessel whole.  Whatever had truly happened that night no longer mattered; she loved Kayde.  She couldn’t deny it, and didn’t want to ever forget it again.  Tears rolled down her face as she vowed to always remember the sacrifice he’d made; he’d given his life for hers.
Stepping forward, Becca’s mother gently took the vase from the air and handed it to Becca.  Still shaking, Becca hugged the vessel to her, feeling its warmth, wanting to hold it for eternity.  Her mother’s gentle fingers wiped the tears from her cheeks.  “Thank you,” Becca whispered to her parents.
“It was all you, Becca,” her mother replied.  
Her dad approached.  He took one of her hands away from the vase and placed something in her upturned palm.  He closed her fingers around the object before she could see what it was.  “Listen carefully, now.  You’ll need this soon.  In order to save the one you love, you must open your heart.”
Before Becca could ask what he meant, her parents’ forms vanished.
Becca jolted awake to the sound of a slamming door.  She blinked her eyes against a cold, white bulb that hung bare from the wooden ceiling.  Damp, cement walls surrounded the room, broken only by a small window on the wall across from where Becca sat.  Thorny arms of rose bushes caged the window, leaving little hope for escape.  The floor was carpeted at least, giving her some cushion; but the pungent scent of damp earth and mold emanated from the gold shag carpet, stinging her nostrils.  
A groan brought Becca’s attention to a form lying beside her.  “Chris!”  Her brother moved slightly as Becca struggled to get to him.  Her forearms were bound, her cast cold and uncomfortable against her good arm.  Becca’s ankles were also tied together, but she managed to shuffle on her knees toward Chris.  She flopped onto his side when she reached him.  “Chris, are you okay?”  A rough looking bit of rope held his hands tightly behind his back.  Crusted blood made a gruesome design on his forehead where Terrance had bashed Chris’ head against the steering wheel.  
As Becca tried to roll her brother onto his back with her arms, he moaned and said, “Mom?”  His eyes remained closed.
Becca knew her brother was dreaming and she answered, “No, Chris, it’s Becca.  You need to wake up.”  Her own dream popped into her mind then, how she’d seen her parents.  Her dad had placed something in her hand…
Chris rolled onto his back and Becca’s heart pounded as she held her bound hands in front of her.  Slowly, she opened her good fist.  A wooden locket rested in her palm, the leather strap neatly tucked around it as if someone had taken great care in placing it that way.  How was this possible?  She’d been wearing that locket before Terrance had stopped them.  Could it be …?  Becca sat back on the carpet, her mind reeling from what she was about to allow herself to believe.  She’d had a dream whisper--a powerful one.  It had reached across the boundary that separates the realms of dreams and reality. Her parents had actually been here, her dad had actually placed the locket in her hand!
In spite of her current situation, Becca found herself chuckling as joy tickled her heart.  Maybe she was crazy, maybe there was some other explanation for how the necklace had gotten into her hand.  But she preferred to believe her theory.  It gave her strength.  “Thanks again, Mom and Dad,” she whispered before she struggled with pulling the leather strap around her neck again, allowing the locket to rest against her skin.  It was cool, yet comforting.
Voices outside the door caused Becca to return her focus to the moment at hand.  She nudged Chris with her arms again, trying to get him to wake up.  Chris coughed, and then his eyes slowly opened.  Becca smiled at him, giving him a moment to focus.  “Becca?  What--?”  Chris struggled against the ropes on his wrists and ankles.  “What’s going on?”
“I’m not sure.  I think we’re in Toby’s basement.  Toby and Ryan came by the house earlier.  They were trying to warn me that something was going on.  And now that I remember things--”
Chris forced himself into a sitting position.  “What?  Did you just say you remember things?”
Becca gave a weak smile.  “Yes, but I’m afraid I might’ve remembered too little too late.  I don’t know if I have time to explain everything, but Toby’s mother is evil and she’s up to something bad.  I think--” Becca gasped in the middle of her sentence as the door burst open and Terrance strode into the room.
“Terrance!  Let us go!  What do you think you’re doing?” Chris’ angry voice resounded off the walls, ringing in Becca’s ears.  
Ignoring Chris, the young officer grabbed Becca from behind and yanked her to her feet by her shoulders.  Becca struggled as the much stronger man shoved her out of the room.  She could barely shuffle with her ankles tied together. Chris’ angry screams were cut short, becoming no more than a muffled sound as Terrance slammed the door behind them.




Chapter Thirty Two
The True Mage Master

Becoming frantic, Becca tried to dig her heels into the floor.  She didn’t know where Terrance was taking her, but she had a very bad feeling about it.  “Stop fighting,” Terrance growled through his teeth.  “I’m not taking you to your hanging, Becca.”
When Becca ignored Terrance’s request and continued to struggle against him, he swiftly scooped her up and tossed her over his shoulder.  He walked a few paces with Becca slamming her elbows into his back, and then he threw her down onto the harsh, concrete floor.  Linoleum covered the cement, but it gave little, if any, cushion.  Becca felt her hip bruise as she cried out at the impact.  
“Becca, darling!” The smooth voice brought Becca, terrified, scrambling to her feet, which was beyond difficult with them tied together.  She teetered back and forth, attempting to gain her balance as she looked around the large room.  Everything was white; the floors where white, the walls were white, even the hundreds of candles, burned halfway down, their wax dripping onto the floor, were white.  Caroline stood directly in front of her, smiling.  Her sharp, pale features were cast in the eerie light of the flickering candles.  Her hair was pulled back more severely than usual; but instead of her customary suite jacket and skirt, she wore a long, white, silky robe.
Caroline placed a hand on Becca’s cheek.  Becca twitched, expecting the woman’s touch to be cold, snake-like.  Instead, Caroline’s flesh was burning hot.  “I’m so glad you could be here tonight, dear.  I’m sure you’re wondering what this is all about.”
Becca’s eyes darted back and forth, trying desperately to see any possible escape routes.  Her gaze rested back on the woman when she saw nothing, not even a door.  Caroline spoke again.  “I’m so sorry for the ropes and all the drama!” she giggled as if this were all some big joke.  “But I was certain you and your brother would ignore an open invitation.  I need you, Becca.  I need you to do something very important for me, and for Toby.”
Becca scowled at the woman as a spark of anger ignited, mixing in with her fear.  “Whatever you want from me, you can forget it!  I know you’ve done something horrible.” A tear rolled down her cheek.  She’d thought about it during her dream, but hadn’t spoken it aloud.  Now, the pain of reality struck home.  “You let Kayde die!”
Caroline’s ringing laughter cut into Becca.  Her knees trembled from the massive amounts of emotion rushing through her.  She closed her eyes, forcing herself to think on her parents’ encouraging words as the woman’s cackling died away.  
As Caroline spoke again, Becca opened her eyes.  “Silly girl, Kayde isn’t dead.” Becca’s heart stalled.  
“B-But the crash.  He was on a motorcycle--I saw it.  He…”  Becca stopped.  She hadn’t actually seen in her dream what had happened to Kayde.  She’d just assumed he’d died saving her.  After all, she hadn’t seen him or even heard his name spoken since that night.
Caroline stepped aside, allowing Becca to see the part of the room that the woman’s form had been blocking.  She opened her mouth to gasp or scream, but no sound would come out.  Kayde lay in a hospital bed, propped up against several pillows.  His face and head were bandaged, and red splotches indicated unhealed wounds.  His right arm was braced and tubes ran from fluid bags and monitors into Kayde’s body.  His eyes were closed, their lids swollen and purple.  
Becca started to run to him before she remembered her feet were still bound together.  She fell hard on her cast, sending stabbing pains through her arm.   Caroline snapped her fingers and Terrance appeared out of nowhere with a knife.  Becca froze, thinking the worst.  But the man smirked at her before cutting the rope from her feet.  
Not caring about escaping now, Becca leapt up and raced to Kayde.  Dr. Kasden stood on the opposite side of the bed, fiddling with tools or something.  Becca looked at him through the tears in her eyes.  “How could you do this?” she whispered.  “You’re supposed to help people!”
Jack’s face hung heavy, the circles under his eyes as black as obsidian.  His eyes glossed over as he shook his head slightly, then quickly turned his gaze away from Becca’s.  He snapped something between his fingers and waved it under Kayde’s nose.
Kayde coughed, groaned, and then opened his eyes a crack.  They immediately rested on Becca.  She felt like her heart was being shredded at the sight of him.  “I am so sorry!” she cried.  She wasn’t sure where to touch him, afraid that anywhere might cause him pain.
He gave a dry, humorless chuckle.  “None of this is your fault, Becca,” he spoke, his voice surprisingly smooth.  He licked his chapped lips before continuing.  “I did some horrible things, and I nearly killed you.” He scrunched his face as orbs of water escaped the corners of his eyes.  “I know you can never forgive me, but you have to know, Becca, that I love you more than life.  And I am so sorry for hurting you.”
Becca attempted to smile.  “I forgive you. Can you forgive me?  I love you too,” she whispered.
“All right, enough sap,” Terrance interrupted as he yanked Becca away from Kayde.
Becca jerked her arm free of Terrance’s grip.  She turned angrily toward her captors, giving them each a hard look, “You get him to a hospital right now.  I refuse to do anything for any of you unless he gets real help!”
Dr. Kasden refused to look up, Terrance crossed his arms and smirked at her again, and Caroline gave her a fake, sympathetic smile.  “You’re really in no position to negotiate, dear.  We’ve planned things out quite well.”  
A phone rang, and Caroline snatched her cell off of the nearby table, which held three candles and a very old looking book.  She placed the device to her ear.  “Do you have him?  Excellent!  Perfect timing, Gabe.  We’ll be ready when you arrive.”
The woman snapped her phone shut and then nodded to Terrance.  He gave Becca a quick look, licking his lips before he walked back down the short hall toward the room where Chris was.  
“Now, Becca,” Caroline spoke as she stood stoically in front of her book and candles.  “When Gabe arrives with Toby, you’ll have to do exactly as I say.  If you do, everything will go smoothly and no one will have to get hurt.”
“I don’t understand,” Becca said, fighting panic.  She’d been clinging to the small hope that Toby would somehow be able to get help and get them out of here.  Now, she had to force herself not to lose all hope.  Maybe if she could keep Caroline talking, stall her, Becca could figure something out.  “What is it you think I can do?”
Caroline smiled, the effect of her expression giving Becca goose bumps.  “Haven’t you figured things out yet, dear?”
“Leave her alone.” Kayde’s weak but angry voice sounded from the bed.  He tried to get up, but cried in pain and immediately lay back down.
Becca looked at Caroline as the woman spoke again.  “You know what he is, don’t you?  You know, at least, of his ability, hmm?”
Speechless, Becca could only nod slightly.  Caroline continued, “Everything has just worked so easily for us.  First, I find the old book, telling me about these wonderful people who have the power to sing whatever they want into their lives.  And to top it off, it had instructions on how to get that power, although I didn’t understand it all.  But that will be cleared up shortly.”  
Caroline paced back and forth as she spoke, her eyes shining toward the ceiling as if she was recalling fond memories.  “And, when I realized that a music mage had come and practically thrown himself on my doorstep--well, I knew that this was all just meant to be.”  She looked at Becca.  “You see, after I found that book,” she gestured toward the ancient volume on the table, “I started doing some research, genealogies, to be exact.  I needed to find a music mage.  I wanted that power--I could taste it.  I thought I’d found a descendent of a music mage in Toby, and so I adopted him, hoping and dreaming for great things to happen in our lives because of his beautiful ability.”
Her face soured then.  “But he proved to be…less than musical.  Or athletic, or anything useful!”  She stomped her foot slightly in frustration.  Then her features softened.  “Kayde will give him what he needs to become great.  And when he becomes great, he will be so thankful to me that he’ll share his wealth and fame with his loving, giving mother.
“And, Rabecca, oh, my goodness!” Caroline’s joyous expression was unnerving.  “You made things so much easier for me when you lost your memory.  It made my fabricated story of how Kayde had dumped you and skipped town so much more believable. I told everyone that was why you’d had an accident, because you were so upset over the break-up.   No one even questioned me.”  
The room spun slightly.  Becca had prolonged Kayde’s suffering because of her fears and pain.  And Toby had said that there might be a mage master in Glenville--the only being that could take a music mage’s ability and give it to someone else.  Caroline was beyond mad, thinking she could take Kayde’s ability and give it to Toby.
  “You can’t do this,” Becca whispered heatedly.  “You don’t know what it’ll do to him.  He could die!  I don’t care if you’re a mage master; you can’t take Kayde’s music.”
The shocked look on Caroline’s face threw Becca off guard.  The woman shook her head and then clicked her tongue.  “Really, Rabecca, I thought you were a bit brighter than this.”  She strode over to Becca and looked her in the eyes, amusement showing through her own.  “I am not a mage master, dear. You are.”
It felt as if the floor fell out from under Becca’s feet.  She looked desperately at Kayde.  How could she be the one who could rip out his music?  It wasn’t possible.  Becca looked at Caroline again.  “I don’t believe you,” she said.
“Oh, I think you do, deep down inside.  I am not a mage master, but I do know the spells needed to assist you in the removal of a music mage’s ability.  You, my dear,” she turned Becca’s face toward hers by pressing a sharp fingernail under Becca’s chin, “must sing to draw out his music.  His ability responds to your voice very well.  I’ve seen it--I’ve had Terrance and Gabe watch you two together; they’ve reported the same.  We’ll have no difficulty extracting Kayde’s ability.”
“You can’t do this!  You can’t make me sing!” Becca replied, sounding much braver than she felt.  Inside, she was turning into a raging whirlwind of panicked emotions.
“Oh, you’ll sing.  Because if you don’t,” Caroline’s face turned dark, “I will torture your brother, and Kayde, and everyone you care about until you do.”
“Don’t do anything she says, Becca!” Kayde shouted before his eyes rolled back in his head and he went limp.
“Wake him again.  Gabe and Toby will be here soon.  It’s nearly time!” Caroline shouted to her husband.  Then she turned back to Becca.  “Kayde isn’t going to make it, anyway, Rabecca.  Look at him.”
A lump constricted Becca’s throat, nearly choking her.  Kayde looked dead already, his body so broken and limp.  Desperation and helplessness seized her.
The witch spoke again, soothingly.  “You could, at least, save his music.  Take it before he passes.  Give it to someone you care about.  That way, you will always have a part of him with you.  And who better to share such a precious gift with than your best friend?”
Becca’s mind was numb.  Even though what Toby’s mom suggested was unthinkable, Becca didn’t know if she could bear to never hear Kayde’s music again.  Maybe…
Bile rose at the back of Becca’s throat with sheer disgust over her thoughts.  She couldn’t allow this woman into her head.  She had to stand her ground.
Terrance and Gabe both entered the room from opposite ends then, Gabe forcing Toby forward by pressing a gun to his back.  Becca gasped as she and her friend made eye contact.  Toby’s face was bruised and he was holding his ribs, his expression pained.  However, something in his eyes caused Becca to look more carefully.  In the span of a half-blink, Toby gave her the slightest wink.  Either he’s trying to comfort me, or he has a plan!  Becca forced herself to stay calm.  Toby had something up his sleeve.  She gave him the slightest wink back, and kept herself alert.  She needed to be ready to follow his lead whenever he made his move.
Gabe forced Toby into a chair and tied his arms back and his legs to the legs of the chair.  Terrance shoved Chris in another chair, tying him as well.  Chris tried to scream protests through a gag that had been tied over his mouth.  Becca’s hopes sank.  How was Toby supposed to do anything like this?  She could hear Chris grunting behind her as he attempted to wriggle free of his restraints.  Maybe, if she could get close enough, she could somehow loose his hands…  But the gun Gabe held gave her pause.
“Excellent!” Caroline’s voice brought Becca’s attention to the woman again.  She stood before the book and candles.  Gabe handed her a crumpled piece of paper that Becca recognized from Toby’s book.  How had they gotten that?  He’d given it to her.  They’d been in her house!  “Again, perfect timing Gabe.  Remind me to give you a large reward later.”
Gabe puffed out his chest and gave her a lopsided grin as he stepped away.  Caroline spoke again, “Now, thanks to Toby and his brilliant deciphering of symbols and strange words, I have exactly what I need to start.” She gave Toby the first genuine smile Becca had seen on the woman’s face all night.  “I guess you do have some useful talents, honey.”  Toby gave her a stormy look. 
 “It’s time,” Caroline said as she looked at her husband, who’d managed to wake Kayde again.  Jack nodded, looking sick, before stepping back into the shadows.  Caroline’s cold eyes turned to Becca.  Fear, hopelessness, rage, and horror wrestled with each other in Becca’s heart.  All the heat from the candles seemed to suck the air out of the room, and Becca breathed rapidly at Caroline’s devilish grin.  “Shall we begin?”




Chapter Thirty Three
Open Your Heart

Keeping his eyes from rolling back in his head was taking most of Kayde’s concentration.  If he couldn’t even keep himself conscious, how was he supposed to help Becca?  The thought had occurred to him to sing before the witch had time to start her little spell, to beat her to the punch and create a little dark magic of his own, in spite of his previous promises.  But he couldn’t get himself to try.  Apart from having a mind too foggy to form a solid line of music, good or bad, Kayde was terrified his music would hurt Becca again.  She was too close, and he had too little control.
The blurred form of Toby sitting in the chair not far from Kayde’s bed drew his attention.  Toby kept looking at him, staring in a strange way.  When Kayde focused on him for longer than a second, Toby gave him a nearly indiscernible nod.   Kayde wasn’t sure what it meant, but he fought harder to keep alert in case he was expected to act somehow.  He prayed Toby had some sort of plan.
How had they gotten to this?  Tied like test animals for this experimenting witch? If he’d never come here, Toby, Chris, and Becca wouldn’t be in danger right now.  If he’d never come, Becca would be safe, living happily, getting ready for college next fall.   If he’d never come…he’d never have met her, held her, heard her sweet, intoxicating voice, her music, never felt her soft lips on his, never touched her porcelain angel face.
More than his injuries or the situation, the look of fear and pain in Becca’s expression was killing Kayde.  Whatever Toby had planned, if he had anything planned, Kayde wished the kid would hurry up and do it.  He felt completely helpless, all strapped and braced and so horribly weak.  This was a new level of frustration.  
“Oh, how very interesting,” Caroline said, drawing Kayde’s attention.  “Thanks to Toby’s translations, it seems you will have to give yourself fully to your power, Kayde. You must wait for Becca to start, and then allow your gift to take over.  She can only extract it if it’s at its fullest power.  All you have to do is sing.” She rested her dark gaze on him.  “You can manage that, can’t you?”
Visions played in Kayde’s fuzzy mind of taking one of the tubes attached to his arm and wrapping it around Caroline’s throat until her face turned blue.  She was asking him to do the one thing he’d been fighting most of his life.  If he gave his gift free reign, he didn’t know what horrible things might happen. He had to find a way to move, to get out of this bed and fight. But, maybe he wouldn’t have to fight.  He couldn’t sing.  Caroline’s plans would fail.
“Now, Becca, listen carefully.  I’m about to begin saying some very strange words, but don’t be frightened.”  Was she kidding?  “When I give you the signal, you sing.”
Becca’s face was as pale as death.  She shook her head slowly as Chris’ muffled protests sounded through the room.  Before she could speak, Caroline nodded, and Gabe and Terrance whipped their guns out faster than a flash of light.  The barrel of Gabe’s pistol pointed to Toby’s foot, Terrance’s to Chris’ temple.
Kayde found a little strength then, fighting against his restraints.  This madwoman was willing to harm her own child for the sake of taking Kayde’s power.  He had to do it; he had to sing to stop her. He didn’t have to let it take over, just sing enough to stop Caroline.  He had to concentrate, focus on being able to use his voice. Promise or no promise, he had to do something, and sing was all he could do. His dad’s words echoed in his mind, “Embrace the music that makes you unique.” 
 If I could just keep them bound, keep them frozen in place…   Just as Kayde opened his mouth to attempt the beginning of a spell, a strange, low moaning sounded throughout the room.  Everyone froze.  Eerie, wavering shadows created by the candles seemed to come to life, dancing on the walls around them.  “What was that?” Gabe asked.  His eyes were wide as he jerked his head around in search of the source of the sound.
Caroline listened for a moment, then waved it off with a flourish of her wrist.  “Just the wind, I’m sure.  Now--”
Another sound, a voice, came next.  “H-e-l-p B-e-c-c-a!”  The words came deep, slow, frightening.  But Kayde realized immediately what was happening.  The voice was his--the EVP that Toby and Ryan had recorded.  They’d slowed it down, though, giving it an unnerving effect.
Gabe was in hysterics.  His rigid arms held the gun straight out as he jerked around, pointing the barrel toward different sections of the room.  “What was that?  Y-You heard that, right?  You all heard that?”  
Terrance, though still at his post, seemed unsettled as well.  His eyes darted around the room, searching the shadows for a phantom.  Jack cowered in a corner, hugging himself, and Caroline scowled as she searched the ceiling as if expecting to catch the intrusive specter.  Kayde made eye-contact with Becca.  Her expression was a strange mixture of fear and understanding.
Another low moan echoed through the room.  It was too much for Gabe.  He screamed and ran frantically for the door, tripping and dropping his gun on the way.  Nearly ripping the door from its hinges, the former tough-guy squeaked again, ran out the door, screamed as he bumped into something, and then was gone.  
Kayde’s fuzzy mind snapped into focus then as Toby had somehow managed to loose himself from his restraints.  Toby dove for the gun, but not quickly enough.  Becca and Caroline both screamed as Terrance shot his pistol, missing Toby’s outstretched hand by a slight margin.  The bullet ricocheted off the floor too fast to see which direction it was headed.  A shout and a thud told the tale.  Someone was behind the door--and the bullet had found them.
“Terrance! Don’t ever shoot at my son again!” Caroline shouted.  “Go see who it is,” she continued before Terrance could speak.  The policeman ran to the door, his pistol at the ready.  
“Stop right there!” he shouted as he disappeared around the doorway.  Kayde heard a few shouts, a lot of scuffling and grunting, and then Terrance re-appeared with Ryan stumbling before him.
“Ryan!” Becca shouted and stepped toward him, but Caroline stopped her with a harsh warning to stay put. 
Caroline glowered as she spoke, “Tie him, Terrance.  He’ll be fine.  We’re wasting precious time.”
Toby lay stunned on the floor as Terrance bound Ryan, who suffered a bullet wound to his right shoulder. Blood stained both front and back of his crinkled shirt.  A recorder and microphone were dangling from his belt.  His glasses, though still on his face, were cracked.  Ryan grimaced in pain as Terrance forced his arms back to tie them.
Ryan looked at Toby, who couldn’t seem to move.  “Man, I’m sorry.  I--I tried,” Ryan said, gritting his teeth in pain.
Toby finally came out of his trance and leapt to his feet.  With an angry growl, he jumped on Terrance’s back, attempting to wrap his arms around the man’s throat.  But Terrance was too well trained.  He had Toby on the floor and was cuffing him before the boy could do any damage.
“Stop it! Leave him alone!” Becca screeched.  She attacked Terrance with her bound arms, using her cast to beat against the man’s head. 
“I would stop if I were you, Becca.” Caroline’s voice, chilling as it was, cut through the noise like a trumpet, though she hadn’t spoken loudly.
She was holding Gabe’s gun toward Chris.  Kayde cursed himself for not paying attention.  He could’ve warned Becca that Caroline had taken the gun. But he’d had his eyes on Becca the entire time. 
“Don’t worry,” the witch spoke smoothly.  “I have perfect aim. He won’t suffer long.  Or at all, if you do as I say, Rabecca.  And you’d better do it quickly.  My patience and our time are nearly up.  If you don’t save Kayde’s ability now, you will lose all of him forever.”
Caroline slowly moved the gun from Chris and aimed at Kayde.  He glared at her, unafraid; she wouldn’t kill him before getting his ability.  But the witch gained the effect she wanted.  Becca abruptly stopped thrashing Terrance as fear washed over her features.  She stood perfectly still, staring at Caroline.
“That’s better,” Caroline said.  Continuing to hold the gun toward Kayde, she slowly made her way back to her book.  “Now, I will begin.  Rabecca, do remember to sing when I give you a nod.  As I say the words, Kayde’s ability should separate from him.  Continue to sing and I will direct it to Toby.” A dreamy smile softened her features for a moment.  “And when you and Toby marry, you’ll produce the most gifted children ever to walk this God-forsaken planet!”
“WHAT?” Terrance’s voice boomed.  “What do you mean, when she weds Toby?  You promised she’d be mine after all this.  I did all your dirty work to have her!”  His face was dark and threatening.  He moved quickly, pointing his gun at Caroline.  Kayde watched, wide eyed and completely focused.  This could buy them time to find a way out of this jam.
Caroline studied Terrance for a fraction of a moment.  Kayde waited for them to continue arguing, his mind racing with possibilities of what he should do.  Sing, like he’d thought to try before?  
But Caroline moved too quickly.  “I lied,” she stated bluntly, and then swung her pistol so fast, Terrance didn’t have time to react.  The sound of gunfire ripped through the room for the second time.  Terrance stood stunned as blood spread over his heart where the bullet had made contact.  
“Shoot her, Terrance!  Before it’s too late, shoot her!” Kayde shouted.  The effort made him dizzy again, but he forced himself to focus on Terrance.  If the policeman could just pull the trigger before he…
Terrance dropped his arm, looked at his chest, looked at Becca with pleading eyes, and then fell to the floor.  The silence that followed was broken by a small voice.  “Caroline, what have you done?”  Jack was finally standing, his face paler than ever.  “You never said anything about killing anyone,” he whispered.
“Shut up, Jack,” Caroline said quietly.  She stared at Terrance’s form for awhile, as if expecting him to get up and say he was okay.  Kayde took her hesitation as an opportunity.  With all his strength, he started pulling the wires and tubes off of his body.  Surprisingly, Jack approached to help. The doctor worked quickly, helping Kayde remove the contraptions from his arms and legs.  Pain coursed through him with every movement, but with Jack’s help, he managed to get free.
Saving Becca was the only thought keeping Kayde moving.  He took the only chance he knew he’d have and lunged at Caroline.  She turned, shocked, toward him, and then dodged out of the way at the last moment.  Kayde saw nothing but a whoosh of silky white robe before his body slammed painfully against the harsh floor.  He suppressed the scream that begged for escape for Becca’s sake, but the tears couldn’t be subdued.  Becca called his name and tried to get to him, but Caroline stopped her with a wave of her pistol.
   Aiming the gun at Chris, Caroline gave Kayde a deadly look.  “If you,” she said, “and you,” she looked at Becca, “don’t do what I ask right now, Chris will be next.  You have my word on that.”
Tears streamed from Becca’s eyes.  She looked at Kayde, her eyes pleading.  His heart tearing in pieces, Kayde returned her gaze with as much strength as he could.  He fought to ignore his weakening body and remain conscious. But his hope had left.  “It’s okay, Becca.  I’m almost gone, anyway,” he said.  “Save Chris, save yourself.  Let Toby have this gift.  Maybe he’ll be able to do good with it instead of hurting people like I have.” He genuinely hoped that was true.  If his gift didn’t destroy them all, it may as well belong to someone who could do some good with it. And, if it didn’t destroy them all, this was the only way he could see that would save Becca.
Becca’s face crumpled, her lip trembled.  “I can’t.  I just can’t do it, Kayde,” she whispered.  
“Yes, you can,” he said.  He was vaguely aware of Caroline whispering strange words in the background.  Kayde swallowed the lump in his throat.  “You have to do this, Becca.  Let me go.  Let my gift be used for something worthwhile.”  His eyes rolled back momentarily.  He was fading.  
Caroline continued with the words, her gun still aimed steadily at Chris.  Kayde tried to keep focused on Becca.  He had to see her face as he left the world, to give him strength.  He nodded to her, giving her permission to take his ability.  She looked at Chris, who was still fighting with his restraints, unsuccessfully.  Ryan grimaced, his face pale.  He was losing a lot of blood.  Toby’s cheeks glistened with tears.  He spoke as Becca turned to him for one last desperate hope that he might have another plan. “I’m sorry, Becca.  I’m so sorry.”
Jack was beyond Kayde’s vision, but he could hear the coward whimpering in a corner somewhere.  Becca looked at Kayde again, her face now set in an emotionless facade.  Her eyes told Kayde what she really felt, and he felt it, too.  This was it.  This would be the last time they ever saw each other.
Kayde fought to keep conscious, to allow Becca to sing and take his gift.  He needed her to have it now; it was all he had left to offer.  Caroline nodded, and Becca somehow saw her, though her gaze never left Kayde’s.  She opened her mouth, allowing her voice freedom.  
The music caressed Kayde like soothing streams of water.  Her angel voice took the pain from his mind.  As her sweet song wrapped around him, Kayde lay back and allowed his voice a bit of freedom.  He concentrated, trying to keep control of which emotions he let loose as he sang.  He had to do it for her, so she could have his strength to carry on when he was gone.  The darker music was there, ready to be unleashed, hungry for vengeance against Caroline.  But if Kayde gave into it, he would transfer that darkness to Becca--and to Toby.
Kayde fought with all the strength he had, forcing the darker music back as he allowed the music of his love for Becca to take a stronger hold.  They sang together for a minute.  Kayde struggled to keep awake, and to keep control.  Energy rippled around him as his ability slowly took over.  It grew in power as his life ebbed away. Finally, when he knew he couldn’t fight the darkness any longer, he stopped singing.  He looked into her eyes and whispered her name, “Rabecca…”  
Kayde’s back arched, his chest rose, as a ripple of light and energy washed over him.  The pain was beyond excruciating. He yelled out before he could stop himself.  It was like someone was tearing his heart out with their bare hands.  He didn’t know how long he screamed, but he was sure it felt longer than it actually was.  Finally, the pain ceased and Kayde, panting and sweating, fell limp against the floor.  
 His eyes barely open, Kayde watched a swirling orb of light rise from his chest and float there.  Caroline squealed with delight.  
Becca had stopped singing.  Kayde felt the cold grips of death under his skin.  He failed to keep his teeth from chattering as the chill took over.   “Keep singing, child!  We have to transfer it to Toby!” The witch’s voice seemed far away.  
Kayde couldn’t hold on any longer.  He looked at Becca’s angel face, wet, worried, and still so beautiful, one last time.  “For you, Becca,” he whispered before he faded to the black.




Chapter Thirty Four
Capturing the Gift

Becca heard a blood-curdling scream.  She was half-way to Kayde before she realized the scream had come from her.   She stopped short, however, when she reached his form.  The swirling orb of light hovered there, above Kayde’s chest, hypnotizing her.  It was so beautiful.
“Sing, Rabecca!  Hurry or it will fade away before we get it to Toby!” Caroline’s voice seemed distant, but her words struck Becca like a bullet.  This was Kayde’s gift, his music.  It was the only thing left of him now.  He’d given it to her, to remember him.  It was the most powerful gift he could offer. 
Becca reached toward the orb, wanting to touch and hold it.  “NO!  Don’t touch it!  Just sing!” Caroline screamed.  “I will shoot your brother, so help me!  Sing now, Rabecca, before it’s too late!”
Swallowing, Becca looked to her brother.  His blue eyes were filled with remorse, as if any of this had been his fault.  Becca knew if he could, he’d do anything to help her.  But he couldn’t.  She had to do this.  It was up to her.  Becca looked down at Kayde’s motionless form.  “For you, Kayde.”
Allowing her emotions to take reign, Becca opened her mouth and sang.  She poured all her love for Kayde into the song, letting the beauty of it fill the room.  The orb pulsed, becoming brighter in response.  Caroline continued her chanting.  The orb floated away from Kayde, toward Toby.  It hovered uncertainly above him as Toby shook his head violently.  “NO!  NO!  You don’t belong to me!  I don’t want you!” he shouted.  But it remained there as Becca sang.  
She felt like she was in a strange dream.  That’s what this all had to be.  Just some strange dream.  She’d wake up any moment, everything normal.  She continued to sing, deciding she was imagining it all.
The door burst open then, stunning Becca into silence.  Adams, the older policeman, burst into the room, his gun pointed at Caroline.  Two other officers filed into the room, their pistols sweeping back and forth in search of other threats.  “Drop the gun, Caroline!” Adams shouted.
“NO!  You idiots!  You’re ruining everything!”  Caroline swung her pistol toward Adams, but screamed as a different gun fired.  Blood blossomed across her silky white robe over her right shoulder.  She fell forward dramatically, knocking burning candles over the ancient book and igniting it.  The hungry flames devoured the book, and then immediately went to work on the table and cloth.
The younger policeman that had shot Caroline helped her to her feet, not kindly, and cuffed her.  She wobbled, dazed as he pushed her out of the room.  Adams ordered another officer to unbind Chris, and then he strode toward Toby, only to stop short at the sight of the orb.  He only gave it a brief moment of wonderment and awe before he snapped back to attention.  “We need to get out of here, now!  This old place is a tinder box.”  Becca felt the heat of the flames that were now licking the wood ceiling and knew Adams was right.  They had to get out. 
But what about Kayde’s gift?  She couldn’t leave it there to burn.  She looked desperately at the pile of flame-engulfed ash that was Caroline’s spell book.  It was completely destroyed.  She had no way to save the orb.
Ryan and Chris, free of their ropes, each grabbed one of Becca’s arms.  “Get out, Becca!”  Chris shouted as he untied the knot that held her arms.  
“I can’t leave Kayde!  Or his gift!” she shouted.  
“We’ve got Kayde!” Toby shouted.  To Becca’s surprise, Jack was helping Toby lift Kayde.  The men joined forces, carrying his limp body out of the basement between them.  One of the officers must’ve un-cuffed Toby.
But Kayde’s gift still remained.  “We have to go now, Becca. The place is coming down!” Ryan shouted over the roar of flames.  Smoke stung Becca’s eyes and she coughed.  What could she do?  She would have to leave it.
“In order to save the one you love, open your heart.”  Becca’s dad’s voice resounded in her head.  She gasped as realization struck her.
“I just need one more second,” she shouted to Ryan and Chris.  She ran to the orb, and struggled with the locket.  Finally, she found the seam and pulled it open.  Kayde’s voice immediately burst from the wooden heart.  It seemed as if time slowed as his music embraced Becca.  Kayde’s emotions, his love, his sacrifice, filled the music, making it strong, powerful.  It wasn’t just sound to Becca.  She could see it, trailing through the room, around her body, and then…  The music embraced Kayde’s gift, tenderly folding it into its grasp.  It pulled the orb toward Becca.  The closer it came, the smaller the orb appeared until it vanished into the locket.  The two halves of the locket, which held a picture of Becca’s face and a picture of Kayde’s face, closed on their own accord and the music stopped.
As the magic of Kayde’s music ceased, the rush of heat and flame engulfed Becca.  Chris was pulling her arm, Ryan pushing her from behind.  They all coughed as smoke entered their lungs.
The cool night air took Becca’s breath away as it tried to purge her lungs of smoke.  She coughed uncontrollably for several minutes.  Sirens and flashing lights greeted Becca as she and her brother and friend stumbled, disoriented, through the yard.  Still coughing, she searched frantically for Kayde.  Police and firemen shouted orders and ran in every direction.  The chaos was so confusing.  She couldn’t make sense of who was who.
“Becca! Thank goodness you’re safe!”  Becca turned toward the voice.  Mrs. K rushed toward her, two EMT’s at her heels.  A blanket was wrapped around Becca’s shoulders, and a light tested her eyes.  She thought someone was taking her pulse as they moved her and the others away from the burning house.  Becca moved along in a daze, as shock settled in.
She looked at Mrs. K.  “What are you doing here?”  
“I’m helping.  That’s all that matters right now.  Kayde’s in an ambulance on his way to the hospital.  Shall we follow?” she asked with a cheery smile.
Becca just nodded, unable to make sense of anything.  The limp form of Kayde’s body came to her memory.  She caressed the locket with her fingers.  “Do you know if he’s alive?” she whispered, almost too afraid to ask.
Mrs. K’s serious face held hers for a moment.  She stopped walking, forcing Becca to do the same a she held Becca’s shoulders with her strong hands.  “I won’t lie to you.  He didn’t look good.  But there is always hope.”  Becca broke down, falling to her knees and sobbing uncontrollably, the intensity of the past weeks overwhelming her.  The woman embraced her tightly.  “This too shall pass, Becca.  Everything will work out as it should, you’ll see.”
Becca stopped sobbing and looked at Mrs. K with astonishment.  She’d said Becca’s mother’s words almost exactly.  Mrs. Kline chuckled at her reaction.  “Now, let’s go see about Kayde, shall we?”
They rode in the back of a cruiser, Becca settled protectively between Chris and Mrs. K.  The kindly woman stroked Becca’s hair in a comforting fashion as Becca leaned against the seat.  Chris had his arm around her shoulders, his eyes far away.  The ash on his face had trails cut through it where he’d allowed tears to escape.  Becca reached up with her good arm and squeezed Chris’ hand with hers.  He looked at her, attempting a smile.  She smiled back, not saying anything.  It’d been too stressful and crazy a night for words.
At the hospital, Mrs. K inquired about Kayde, and they were directed to the emergency waiting area.  Becca’s heart wouldn’t settle down.  Was he alive?  Were they doing surgery--the normal kind?  Could he survive without his gift?
Becca rubbed the smooth surface of the locket with her fingertips.  How was she supposed to save the one she loved?  Had her dad just meant saving his gift?  
Mrs. Kline looked knowingly at Becca.  “You know, I heard him sing while he made that locket for you.  It was the most pure sound I’d ever heard.  At least, since Henry, that is.  Did I ever tell you Henry used to sing?”
Becca shook her head slowly.  She knew Mrs. K meant well, attempting to distract Becca from worrying.  But she just wanted to see Kayde.  “Well,” Mrs. K continued, “he did.  And his voice was mesmerizing, intoxicating.” Her eyes sparkled, reliving her memories of her late husband.  “It was his voice that won me over.”  She leaned into Becca’s face.  “It had magic to it.”
Becca gaped at Mrs. K.   Did she know..?  “What do you mean?” Becca asked.
Mrs. K smiled.  “Let’s just say that Caroline isn’t the only one in town with ancient books lying around.” She winked at Becca, her face blossoming into an array of creases as she giggled.
Before Becca could ask another question, Toby appeared.  Becca, her brother, and Mrs. K jumped to their feet. Toby’s face said it all--and it wasn’t good.  He looked sorrowfully at Becca.  “I’m sorry.  You better come quickly.  He doesn’t have much time.”
Mrs. Kline’s hand caught Becca’s arm before she could race to Kayde.  “Becca, listen,” Mrs. K said urgently.  “Adams and Ryan both told me what they saw--what you did with the locket in that basement.  I can’t explain everything right now, but I wasn’t lying about Henry and about me holding ancient books in my possession.  I know a lot about this.  You must use the locket--use it and your voice again, and save Kayde.  You must return his gift to him. But you must also know doing so may put you at risk.  The power of your gift and your willingness to use it to save him may overwhelm you. Even though it may be his only chance, you’ll be putting your own life in jeopardy.”
Becca didn’t try to make heads or tails of how Mrs. Kline could know what she knew.  She didn’t question it, nor did she hesitate.  Becca raced behind Toby, her mind focused on saving Kayde, even if doing so killed her.
Entering the room, Becca’s eyes went directly to Kayde.  She slowed her pace only enough to keep herself from ramming into the bed. Chris and Toby were at her side in an instant.  
A male voice quieted them for a moment.  “Becca, I know you can’t forgive me for what I’ve done in the recent past.  But I’ve done all in my power to try to save him.  I’ll be turning myself in to the police as soon as…” Jack’s voice trailed away, indicating that he expected Kayde to pass any moment.
Becca looked at the man for a second.  He seemed twice his age, the lines on his defeated face deep, his hair frazzled and gray.   But she couldn’t deal with him just then.  Anything Jack had done in the past didn’t matter right now.  She returned her attention to Kayde.  She stroked a strand of bloodied hair gently away from his forehead.  “I love you, Kayde.  I’m not ready for you to leave.”
She leaned over and kissed his bruised cheek.  Then, taking a breath, she stroked the locket.  Chris’ and Toby’s voices stumbled over each other as they attempted to keep Becca from risking her life for Kayde’s.  Their words seemed distant as her mind raced.  Her heart ached for her brother and best friend.  They didn’t want to see her die.  Even so, she couldn’t live if she didn’t do everything in her power to save Kayde.
Becca looked at Chris and Toby as a tear rolled down her face.  Both guys stopped speaking at her earnest gaze.  Their shoulders rose and fell with their heavy breaths.  Their wet faces glistened under the florescent light, and their eyes relayed the desperation they felt.  Neither of them spoke another word as Becca turned back to the fading person on the bed before her. They knew she loved Kayde more than her own life.  
She stroked the locket again, searching for the invisible seam.  Finding it, she pressed her fingers against the wood.  She took a deep breath and swallowed. As she opened the heart, she sang.  Her voice carried the power and intensity of the love she felt for Kayde, her desire for him to live, her willingness to give everything she had to save him.  The locket opened between her fingers more, releasing Kayde’s gift.  His music burst forth, bringing the orb with it; strands of Becca’s music and Kayde’s danced with each other, twisting, touching, caressing, as they carried the growing orb toward Kayde.  The room filled with music and light, drowning out every other sight or sound.  
Becca closed her eyes, threw back her head, and unleashed all the power she possessed.




Chapter Thirty Five
Just Sing

The darkness surrounded Kayde again. It wasn’t as harsh as it had been when he’d crashed the Shadow against the wall he’d created.  Now it was somewhat comforting.  He rested, grateful that he was once again free from his battered shell.
His heart beat faster as a soft sound caressed his eardrums.  A sweet melody that grew more powerful. Light accompanied the music, but it was so far away. He stood and began to run. He was desperate to reach the music. However, it was like a nightmare--running, but never getting closer. 
Kayde knew now what that he was running to Becca. Her voice was the light he was reaching for. But the harder he tried to get to her, the weaker he felt.  
Finally, he had to stop. Panting for breath, Kayde realized he was never going to make it. He  just couldn’t go on.
The light was further away now. Kayde felt despair like he’d never known.  She was so close, but he couldn’t get to her!
Suddenly, the light and music burst with new strength.  Becca wasn’t giving up. Kayde knew what he had to do. No more running. 
 Just sing!




Chapter Thirty Six
Life

The heart monitor flat lined, indicating that Kayde’s heart had stopped.  The music that was in Becca’s throat became a whisper.  Dr. Kasden didn’t even attempt to revive him.  They all just stood there, staring at Kayde’s body. Becca was still whispering her song. The orb had returned to Kayde’s body. It should’ve worked. He should be alive.
Tears dripped off her chin. She felt her knees buckling.  Toby and Chris were there, holding her arms. Chris was talking softly, trying to get to her sit down.
She shook her head. She couldn’t leave.  Becca wanted to scream and cry, but she felt so weak now after singing with all her might.  She thought of all the precious memories she shared with Kayde...
Suddenly determined, Becca dug deep inside and found new hope.  This would not be the end. She would sing until she lost her voice or until she collapsed, but she would not stop trying.
Closing her eyes, she sang with new vigor. An image appeared in her mind; a light in the distance. It was weak, but seemed to be reaching toward her. Softly, it carried with it music of its own.
Kayde!
Simultaneously, Becca and Kayde sang; Kayde’s was purely thought, but that made no difference. His light was closer, his music louder. Their lights touched, then receded. They sang harder, reaching and reaching…
Finally, their lights and songs connected, dancing around each other with joy.  Becca giggled a musical giggle and opened her eyes.  Kayde’s eyes were still closed, but the heart monitor was beeping, and a small smile touched his lips.
Toby and Chris stood staring, their mouths hanging open.  Finally, Toby whispered, “What just happened?”
Becca just laughed and hugged them both.




Chapter Thirty Seven
The Reveal

The sun soothed Kayde’s sore skin as he lay in the reclining lawn chair, his eyes closed.  Its warmth blanketed him as he breathed in the fresh air.  This was heaven after spending so much time confined in a hospital bed.  His body was still tired and sore, but he was going to live.  Birds sang vigorously and, for once, Kayde enjoyed their music.  The sounds of passing cars mixed with cheerful voices and the mouth watering aroma of grilling burgers and steaks.   Kayde allowed himself a faint smile, listening as his dad’s contagious laughter trailed through the sweet summer air.
His parents had arrived the day after Becca had saved his life.  They’d flown, terrified of what they’d learned, concerned that they would be too late.  But Becca’s sacrifice had been successful.  Kayde lived, and his gift had been restored.  A lump caught in his throat, thinking of how she’d been so ready to give her life for his sake.
He didn’t deserve it.  Even after all of that, after what they’d been through, Kayde still struggled with the dark music.  It lingered at the edges of his defenses, waiting for him to have a weak moment.  Would he ever be rid of it? A bitter taste touched his thoughts as a frustrated tear collected at the corner of his eye.
Soft lips touched that tear, kissing it away.  Kayde opened his eyes to gaze into Becca’s beautiful blues.  She was even more perfect than the day he’d met her, if such a thing was possible.  Her head blocked the sun from his face, but its light shone through her strawberry hair, giving her a well deserved halo.
“Hey,” she spoke softly, her voice causing joy to jump through Kayde’s heart.  “What’s wrong?  We’re all safe now, remember?” She stroked his hair from his forehead, her touch sending pulsing energy through his entire body.  His previous dark thoughts dissolved as she leaned closer.  Their connection was stronger since that day in the hospital.    
“Caroline is in prison,” Becca continued.  “And the book was destroyed.  We have no worries.”
Kayde stroked her cheek gently with his finger tips, reveling in the look of passion it invoked in her eyes.  “I know,” he said softly.  “I just don’t want to ever almost lose you again.”
Becca leaned over and kissed him, possibly not the best thing to do when they were surrounded by friends and family.  The electricity between the intimate gestures nearly caused Kayde to lose any control he had left.  
But they were somehow able to pull apart, Becca’s eyes glossy with emotion.  After Kayde caught his breath, he smirked at her. “You know you’ll have to marry me soon, don’t you?  I can’t control myself forever.”
Red blossomed over Becca’s cheeks as she gave him a sly smile.  “I’m ready when you are.”
Kayde gaped at her, surprised at her confident answer.  Becca giggled her special, music-box giggle.  She leaned forward again to try another kiss.  As if on cue, one of Mrs. K’s cats leapt onto Kayde’s chest, causing him to grunt and release a curse under his breath.  Becca laughed and stroked the purring animal.  “They really do like you, Kayde.”
Rolling his eyes, Kayde shoved the cat to the grass and sat up just as Mrs. K called, “Dinner’s ready!”
Becca helped Kayde limp along as everyone gathered around a long table that had been set up in Mrs. Kline’s yard.  Paper plates had been set out as the day proved wind free and pleasant.  The table held a meal suitable for several kings; grilled steak and burgers stacked to insane heights in the center of the table; an enormous bowl of freshly made potato salad waited tantalizingly next to a plate of steaming corn on the cob; other salads, chips, baked beans, and rolls filled in the rest of the spaces.
After saying a prayer, Mrs. Kline encouraged everyone to dig in.  Kayde smiled at his sister, Tayla, as she giggled and talked almost faster than the speed of sound.  Becca sat next to her, listening carefully to her, throwing in a word or two when Tayla took a breath.  
Kayde’s parents talked animatedly as they passed food around.  He’d been so happy to see them.  How could he have ever wanted to run away?  The guilt touched his heart again.  Kayde wanted desperately to take advantage of the second chance Becca had given him and prove to his family he’d changed.  But he had to convince himself first.
Becca beamed at Chris as she passed him the plate of corn.  His blue eyes seemed brighter than usual as he smiled at his sister. Chris’ eyes turned to Kayde and they gave each other a friendly nod.  Chris accepted him, as always, for which Kayde was beyond thankful.
Mrs. K’s voice bubbled out at everyone, mixing into the conversation.  Kayde chuckled.  The woman had been more than surprising in the past couple of weeks.  She had admitted to being the one sending the clues to Becca, slipping the de-faced photos into her pocket, mailing her Kayde’s bank card, and finding the gift and taking it to Becca’s house when no one was looking.  She’d wanted Becca to remember him. He’d be forever grateful to her.
Even after all that, after she’d tried so hard to help Becca remember, the woman had gone even further.  Somehow, she’d found out what was happening in Toby’s basement and called the authorities.  It was because of her that they were all alive and whole today.
As the conversation died slightly, Kayde took the opportunity to speak.  “Mrs. K, I’ve been meaning to ask what you meant when you told Becca about having ancient books and about Henry’s music having magic.  Was Henry one of us?  Was he a music mage?”
Becca had told Kayde that she’d revealed everything to Mrs. K.  After all she’d done, telling her the truth had been the least they could do, although the woman had mysteriously already known most of the story.  
She smiled at him now, her eyes alive with adventure.  “Yes, dear.  Mr. Kline was, as you call it, a music mage.  I kept that secret for so long,” she giggled before continuing.  The rest of the table was silent as everyone hung on her words.  “Henry was a descendant of one of the mage’s who’d been stripped of their gift by that horrible man.  Henry had this book, given to his ancestors by that man’s wife.  It lists in detail the original names, new names, and cities to which this woman helped relocate the victims in order to keep their offspring safe from others like her husband.  
“Caroline’s book was similar to mine, and it included the spell for extracting a mage’s gift, as we all know.  But, my book contains a lot more.  That, dear Becca, was how I knew a master could not only take a mage’s gift, but return it as well.
“Now,” she waved her fork at Kayde and his family, “I think I’ve figured out where you all came from.”
Kayde and his family became statues, stunned into silence.  Kayde felt Becca’s hand squeeze his arm.  His dad was first to find his voice.  “You have no idea how long we’ve been searching for that information.  Please, tell us.”  His face took on a youthful excitement as he looked expectantly at Mrs. K.
Mrs. K was exuberant.  “I’ll do one better, Mr. Harper.  Wait here.” She leapt out of her chair and was in and out of the house before anyone knew what was happening.  She carried a thick, fragile looking volume in her hands.  The covers and pages of the book were tied together with newer straps of leather.
Shoving plates and food aside, Kayde’s dad made room for her to place to book on the table.  Everyone leaned in, trying to see better.  Mrs. K opened the pages carefully, quickly scanning each yellowed paper as she leafed through them.  A tree was drawn on each page with names along the trunks and branches; family trees.
“Ah, here we are!” Mrs. K exclaimed.  Kayde’s heart skipped a beat.  His mother smiled up at him quickly, then rested her gaze back on the book.  “Look, this name here, ‘Deering’.  I believe this is your family.  It lists that Clive Deering and his wife, Amelia, were wood workers, making boxes, and instruments” she looked up with her eyes at Kayde’s dad, “and teaching others to play instruments.”  Her eyes met Kayde’s mom’s.  She looked back and forth between Kayde’s parents for a moment before continuing.  “Although they made a lot of music boxes and other instruments, the Deering’s specialty was harps.  Hence, the change in name to…”
“Harper,” Kayde’s dad breathed.  
“Yes!” Mrs. Kline clapped her hands together.  “They didn’t move far, either.  Just over to Melstone City and, later, some of them to Canada.  They continued to teach their offspring to make musical devices, but didn’t pass on the information about their inner musical gifts.  Although Clive no longer had his ability, the magic was still in his genetics and was passed to his offspring.  This explains the gifts you posses today.”  Mrs. Kline released a bubbly laugh, overjoyed with her discoveries.
“I can’t believe, after all these years, we finally have the answers,” Kayde’s dad said.  They all sat back in their seats, silent in thought.  After a minute or two, Kayde’s dad spoke again.  “Mrs. Kline, maybe you could tell us then, something else that’s been bothering us for some time.  When we lived in Melstone City, my wife and I came to Glenville for an auction sale.  It was at that house,” he glanced at Kayde quickly before continuing, “that house where Kayde was kept.  An overpowering fear drove us away.  Well,” he said, gazing at his wife, “It scared me away, at least.  I never could explain it, but I’ll never forget it either.”
“Well,” Mrs. Kline answered, “That was the house where all the horror happened so long ago.  So many music mage’s had their magic torn from them, even killing some of them.  Your ancestor was one who survived.  Negative energy from Caroline and her spells probably filled that house in more recent times.  Perhaps one of your abilities as a mage is sensing a threat to yourself and your kind.”
“I had the same sensation when I was near there,” Kayde spoke, not entirely successful at keeping his voice steady.  Becca wrapped her arm around his shoulders for comfort.  “I’m not sorry the place burned to the ground.”
A police cruiser pulled in then, interrupting the conversation.  After it parked, Officer Adams and Toby stepped out of the vehicle.  They were both dressed in suits, looking out of place at the casual gathering.
“Sorry we’re late,” Adams said smiling.  Mrs. K stood, allowing him to give her a peck on the cheek.  She giggled bashfully before returning to her seat.  “The memorial service lasted longer than we expected.  Terrance had more friends than we thought possible.”
Kayde felt no remorse over Terrance’s death, only that the man had suffered so many delusions in life.  He was thankful the young policeman hadn’t died by his hand--or voice.  He’d been surprised to learn that Toby had wanted to go to the memorial service.  But he’d told him and Becca that it would help give him closure.  Plus, he wanted to make sure Terrance was really dead--the villains in his books always came back to life for revenge.
Toby approached and squeezed Kayde’s shoulder.  “Glad to see you out of that hospital bed, Kayde,” he said.  
“Thanks, man.  Glad to be out of it,” Kayde answered as Becca stood and wrapped her arms around Toby’s wiry frame.  Her left arm, finally free of its cast, was thinner than the other.
The meal continued, the conversation jumping from one subject to the next; mostly, they talked about music mages and all that had happened.  Mrs. K wasn’t sure where Becca’s family descended from, but she’d suspected since her parents’ deaths that Chris and Becca were special, too.  Chris singing at the funeral was her biggest clue.  She even had suspicions, but no proof, that Catherine may have been responsible for the Snow’s deaths.
“As soon as I heard Catherine spouting rumors about your dad being a drunk, I knew something was up. Your parents may have been on to her little schemes.  Who knows?  Anyway, my cats never liked her much, either,” Mrs. K said, giving Becca a knowing wink.
Later, Toby pulled Becca and Kayde aside.  “I haven’t really had the chance to thank you both for everything you’ve done.  And to apologize, Kayde, for being such an idiot.  I could’ve helped so much more if I’d had my head on straight.”
“You have nothing to apologize for, Toby,” Becca answered immediately.  “You couldn’t have possibly known what was going on with your mother.  She had everyone fooled for awhile.”
“Don’t sweat it, Toby.  Besides, you were always looking out for Becca.  In my book, that’s worth a lot,” Kayde said, and he meant it.
“Thanks,” Toby said, looking shyly down at his shoes.  His cell chimed then.  A huge smile spread across his lips as he looked at the phone.  “Tara will be here in a minute to pick me up.  We have a date.”
Kayde chuckled as Becca squealed and hugged her friend.  “I’m so happy for you, Toby.  She’s beautiful.  But, are you going to be okay?  I mean, living on your own?  You can still stay with me and Chris, you know.”
In spite of the sadness in Toby’s eyes, his words were reassuring, “Becca, I’m fine.  In fact, I’m better than I’ve been in a long time.  Mom’s where she belongs, and Dad’s getting the therapy he needs.  I think he’ll be okay after awhile.  Besides,” a sly grin touched the corners of his mouth, “I have an appointment to meet my birth parents next Saturday.  They’re coming to Glenville.”
“Are you serious?” Becca said, slugging Toby’s shoulder.  “You will tell me EVERYTHING! Do you understand? And pictures!  Lots of pictures!  Do you think I could meet them?”  
“I don’t know yet, Becca. You’ll be the first to know, I promise,” Toby laughed as a blue mustang pulled in.   He waved quickly before hopping into the sports car and left.
As much as it pained them both, Becca and Kayde said their farewells later that night.  Kayde’s family was staying with him at Mrs. K’s.  He was exhausted, but wanted so desperately to have Becca lying beside him through the night.  It was a comforting thought, but only a thought for now.  He’d have to remedy that soon.




Chapter Thirty Eight
Forever

He was dreaming of her the next morning.  Her face smiled down at him, bringing the sun with it.  He smiled back and slowly opened his eyes.  Releasing a startled sound, Kayde jumped slightly.  She was really there, looking down at him and smiling!  “Whoa!  That was freaky.  I was just dreaming about you looking down and smiling at me, and then I opened my eyes and you were looking down and smiling at me!”
Becca giggled.  “Ah, you’ve had a very powerful dream whisper.  You brought me out of dream land into reality.”  She sat on the bed next to him and leaned in for a kiss.  They finally had to pull apart to catch their breath.  
“That probably wasn’t a good idea while you’re lying there so temptingly in your bed,” Becca said.
Kayde chuckled.  “Maybe you should kiss me again,” he teased.
Becca licked her lips, considering his offer.  She shook her head.  “Later.  I have a surprise for you.  Well, Chris, Toby, Ryan, and I have a surprise for you.  Come on.”
She dragged him out of bed, forcing him along behind her. She shoved him in Chris’ truck and they drove to town.  Kayde was thankful he’d worn a T-shirt and sweat shorts to bed--Becca hadn’t even given him time to get dressed.
Turning the truck near Glenville’s second grocery store, Becca rounded the corner and pulled up in front of Chris’ future motorcycle shop.  The weeds had been cleared away and the windows polished.  Paint cans sat ready and waiting by the door.  “Wow.  Chris has already started fixing his shop up!” Kayde exclaimed.
Becca jerked her head toward him.  “How did you know this was Chris’?”
The next half hour, Kayde quickly explained his out-of-body experience.  When he was finished, Becca waited for a long while, her brow crinkled in that adorable way.  Finally, a radiant smile smoothed away the crinkles.  “That really was you that Toby and Ryan captured?”  He nodded.  “So, you really were my guardian angel.”
Kayde laughed.  “I guess I was, sort of.  I really wasn’t much help at the time, though” Becca rolled her eyes as they stepped out of the truck.  She made it to the passenger side swiftly, ready to help Kayde.  He was feeling stronger today, but used the excuse to wrap his arm around Becca’s shoulders and pull her close to him.  He’d never get tired of touching her.
Becca led him into the building.  It took a moment for Kayde’s eyes to adjust to the light, but when they did, he saw his family, Chris, Toby, Tara, Ryan, and even GH the dog standing around a bulging tarp.  “What’s this?” Kayde asked as all eyes turned to him and Becca.
“Well,” Chris said.  “It’s, well, how do I explain?  Maybe you should see for yourself.”  Kayde’s dad helped Chris pull the tarp away.  What had been hidden underneath nearly caused him to fall to his knees.  The Shadow lay before him in a crumpled heap of metal, the floor around it cluttered with dismembered parts.  Kayde had to fight back tears.  I’m sorry, Grandpa!
Chris spoke, breaking the heavy silence caused by Kayde’s shock and sorrow.  “We found it behind Caroline’s.  It wasn’t harmed by the fire.  Which means,” he placed a hand on Kayde’s shoulder, “If you’re willing to stick around and help me with this place, your Shadow will be the first project we tackle.”  He gave Kayde a steady look as the corner of the left side of his mouth curled up.
When Kayde didn’t respond, his dad spoke, “Kayde, Chris is offering you a job--he needs a mechanic.  I told him how well you did with this motorcycle, and he said he’s seen you work on it, too.  You have potential here.  I think we could even manage getting you into some mechanics classes so you could get certified.”
After several, overwhelmed, silent minutes, Kayde finally shook his head.  “I don’t know what to say.”  He didn’t deserve this.  He felt guilty having been offered something so amazing.
“Say yes,” Becca said softly.  Kayde looked into her shining eyes.  He couldn’t deny her, he knew.  He was helpless against anything she asked.
Keeping his gaze on Becca, he said, “Yes.”
“Oh, wonderful!” Kayde’s mom said gleefully, clapping her hands.  Hugs were passed around, and Kayde made certain to give Chris an extra grateful pat on the back.
“There’s more,” Chris said.  As Kayde and Becca, followed by the crew, trailed after Chris through the shop, Kayde could hear Ryan talking with Toby and Tara.  “You want to do some hunting tonight?  You’ve never gone, Tara.  Did Toby show you the footage we got last time?”
Kayde couldn’t help chuckling as Becca rolled her eyes and spoke under her breath, “One track mind!”
They passed a pile of discarded crates and entered a smaller room.  Kayde stopped short at the sight that greeted him, his pulse quickening.  Mrs. K’s--or, actually, Henry’s--Indian motorcycle rested in the center of the room, polished and glistening under the fluorescents like a jewel.
“Mrs. K let me bring her down. I’m going to display her in the front window, just for show.  But she instructed that I was to let you ride her whenever you wanted.”
Approaching the old motorcycle, Kayde’s trembling fingers tentatively touched it.  It was a thing of beauty, although a newer model than what his grandfather’s had been.  His grandpa’s, Kayde thought, had been much cruder, with a bucket/saddle seat that always seemed to him like it belonged on a tractor.  Remembering that, he wished now his grandpa hadn’t sold it when they’d moved to Texas.
Henry’s bike, painted the color of its cherry condition, sported polished skirted fenders that glistened under the lights.  The fringed leather saddle looked to have been recently oiled, and the tires appeared new. Kayde’s image reflected in the shining chrome handle bars.  A wide smile spread across his face.  He knew he didn’t dare to ride her yet, but when his body healed, he would take her out every day if Mrs. K allowed.  I’ll have to get to you later, when my body is healed.  But I promise, I will get to you!  For Grandpa.
Kayde had been so involved with examining the Indian, he hadn’t noticed that everyone had left the room except Becca.  She leaned against the door frame, watching him.  “Your dad told me about your grandpa.  I know now why the Shadow means so much to you.  We’ll get her going again. In the mean time,” she said walking toward him, “you can ride Henry’s.  Your grandpa would probably like that.”
Placing his arm around Becca’s shoulders, Kayde sighed contentedly.  “ I know he would.”
Everyone spent several hours at Chris’ shop, making plans, helping him clean, and just hanging out.  Kayde got tired easily, so Becca motioned for him to sit with her on a denim quilt she’d spread across the floor.  She was leaning against the wall, so he lay down and placed his head in her lap, hoping she’d stroke his hair with her fingers.  She did.
They sat in silence, listening to the others talk excitedly and to Tayla’s giggles as she playing with GH.  Kayde was glad she’d been able to have a canine friend here. They’d had to leave her dog behind in their haste to get to Montana, and she was missing her poodle.  GH seemed to be enjoying herself, too.
With Becca stroking Kayde’s hair, it wasn’t long before he drifted to sleep.  He dreamed of riding the Indian, with Becca sitting behind him, her arms wrapped around his waist, her body snuggled against his back, the wind in their hair, their laughter trailing behind them.  Sometimes, they were on his grandpa’s old motorcycle, other times, it was Henry’s.  It was heaven.
But then, the dream changed.  They were standing next to Henry’s motorcycle as Toby approached them.  His face was dark and Kayde couldn’t make out his expression.  But the energy rippling off of the boy was unmistakable; sheer terror.  He was waving his hands, yelling for him and Becca to run.  Two dark, ghostly forms were chasing him.
Then, the Indian, which had been resting quietly beside them, spontaneously roared to life.  
            Becca and Kayde jumped, staring at the motorcycle.  The blurred form of a man appeared astride the bike.  His hair was slightly gray, but Kayde couldn’t make out his other features.  His voice trailed out in an eerie echo, “Let’s go, they’re coming!”
Kayde and Becca both jolted out of their slumber as the sound of a roaring motorcycle engine echoed through the building.  Kayde sat up, his heart racing. Another one of Becca’s dream whispers? Kayde looked at Becca and knew in that instant that she’d had the same dream--her eyes were as big as bike tires.  But the last part wasn’t a dream.  They could still hear the engine running.  
Becca’s heart was pounding hard enough for Kayde to feel shock waves from it brush against his body.  He was too afraid to move.  Then, voices trailed from the small room where the Indian was stored.  Chris was telling someone about the motorcycle, his tone youthfully excited.  Toby’s and Ryan’s voices trailed out as they asked questions.
Relaxing, Kayde ran his fingers through his hair as he looked at Becca.  She was slowly releasing her breath between her lips.  She managed to smile as she said, “Dream whisper.” 
Even though the Indian hadn’t been started by a ghost, and Toby seemed to be fine, the feeling from the dream clung to Kayde’s gut like a leech.  Maybe it had just been their strong connection that had caused them both to experience the same dream, but Kayde wondered…  He kept silent, though, not wanting Becca to worry.
Wrapping his arm around her shoulders and drawing her close so that her music hummed through his heart and mind, Kayde smiled down at her angel face. “Thank goodness.  I was ready to kidnap you and take you away from here again.”  
Becca relaxed more, leaning against him so her warmth seeped into his skin.  “You are welcome to kidnap me any time,” she said and giggled.  She rested her head under his chin.  “As long as we’re together forever, I’ll be happy.”
Kayde kissed the top of her head, feeling slightly intoxicated over her words.  He vowed that, no matter what, forever was exactly how long he and Becca would be together.

###



About the author:

K.L. Bauman grew up in the wide open valleys and badland areas of Eastern Montana. It was the perfect place to let the imagination run free. She now lives with her husband and two beautiful daughters in a small town in Eastern Montana ~ much like Glenville. She enjoys spending time with God and her family, writing, reading, watching movies, and nature. 

Connect with Me Online:

Smashwords - About K.L. Bauman
