
Footprints and Pawprints
Dreamworlds 1

One boy’s footprints strayed into a stray Gate
And walked a forbidden path
Then he was brought to a new Dreamworld
There to begin a Journey new

One wolfcat’s pawprints stepped out for the first time
To guide the steps of a lost boy
To stand in the way of all that may harm him
To keep him from walking into trouble

Or at least, to try.



Footprints and Pawprints
Dreamworlds 1
Victory Low
Copyright 2011 by Victory Low
Smashwords Edition



Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Table of Contents 
(Tap links below for shortcut to chapter, tap chapter headers to return here)
Prologue
Phase 01: Boy meets Comrade
Phase 02: White Furball
Phase 03: Shiro’s Reason
Phase 04: Meeting Michi
Phase 05: Option
Phase 06: Preparations
Phase 07: Going North
Phase 08: About Town
Phase 09: The Road South
Phase 10: Last Resort
Epilogue 
Aftermath
Prologue
He Dreamed.
“You can’t play with us!” they told him. “You can’t go where we’re going!”
“But… why?!” little Colin asked them.
Colin was a skinny boy with short brown hair and a deep frown. Tonight, as he Dreamed in this Dreamworld, he wore a brown vest and gray-striped shorts. 
Right in front of him was a Gate – a white archway filled with shimmering blue light that led to a place far away. A Gate and three other kids.
The biggest of the three was a spiky haired boy in a bright red tracksuit. He laughed at Colin. “Because we don’t want you there!”
The girl on his left had yellow hair and wore a green dress. She said, “You’re too clumsy!”
The third kid, a tubby guy, scratched his head. 
“Let’s go!” the leader of the three said, and walked through the Gate, zipping off to somewhere else here in Gardens Dreamworld. 
The other two hurried after him. 
Colin rushed after them, but the Gate stopped him. 
“Let me in!” he shouted. 
But the light in the Gate had turned red. Red meant he couldn’t get through… because the three of them were blocking him out.
“Colin.” His father stood behind him, a tall man in a dark brown suit. 
“I want to go through!” eleven-year-old Colin told his dad.
“Leave them alone, son. The prayerman is here to meet us.” Dad told him.
“The prayerman is boring.” Colin turned to the Gate and tried to push at it again.
It still wouldn’t let him through. Two inches from the shimmering red light, he was stopped by an invisible barrier that felt like thick plastic. 
“Help me?” Colin turned to his dad. “I want to go play with my friends.”
Dad paused. “Not now, son. I want you to meet the Prayerman.”
“You’re boring.” Colin accused. “And you never help me.”
 “Colin, listen to your father.” Mom joined them. She was very fair, had long black hair and wore a long white dress, as she often did.
Like Gracie, Colin’s younger sister. Gracie followed mom everywhere, all the time. She even followed mom’s dressing.
Colin fumed. Once mom was there, he was never going to win an argument with dad. “You’re just saying that because he’s your friend!”
“Where are your friends?” Gracie asked, looking around from behind mom.
Colin growled and stomped away. 
“Where are they?” Gracie’s voice haunted him as he ran.
“Nobody understands me! Nobody cares about me!” Colin yelled. “Everyone just wants me to do what they say!”
He passed the prayerman on the way. The guy wore a suit like dad’s, except that his suit was black and he had a hat. 
“Hello, Colin…” the prayerman said, but Colin rushed by without replying.
He barely saw the Gate open up in front of him before he was through it.
The Gate vanished behind him.
***
His parents were frantic.
Colin Rivers was missing for three hours. Nobody could tell them where he went or where that Gate came from. Gates didn’t appear out of nowhere,  they were told. Things like that just didn’t happen. 
They called everyone they could, but nobody had seen him. The prayerman and some others helped them search for the missing boy all over the Dreamworlds Network.
 It was his sister, Gracie, who found him in the end. They had left her right where they were in Gardens Dreamworld and told her not to leave. 
Colin, she said, was suddenly there behind her when she heard a weird sound and turned around.
The boy didn’t move the rest of the night. He said nothing and did not move no matter what anyone said or asked. He never stirred. 
The only sign they found of him ever really having gone was a mark on the back of his right wrist – a mark in the shape of a diamond.
While they were discussing that mark, Colin woke up and vanished from Dreamworlds. They didn’t even realize he was gone until an hour later. When his parents woke up and checked, he had already gone to school.
They called the school. The teachers reported nothing strange, just that he was quiet and moody today.
When he came back from school, they asked him more questions.
“I don’t remember.” He said, and went on as if nothing had happened.
But something had happened. Something that made him much quieter, much moodier, than he’d been before he’d vanished. 
Colin Rivers was never the same again.
Phase 01: Boy meets Comrade
They brought him to a new Dreamworld the very next night. Ten minutes after he went to sleep wearing the Dreamworlds headband, Dad and the Prayerman brought him through a series of Gates, and before he knew it, Colin was looking rather doubtfully at the front doors of a fat silver building covered with a glass dome. 
Beside him, Dad turned to the Prayerman. “Are you sure about this?”
The Prayerman nodded. “It’s very popular with kids his age. I think it’s the best thing to do.”
Colin frowned at him, but Dad said, “It does look very popular, doesn’t it?”
They were not the only ones looking at those front doors. About twenty people were crowded around them, adults and children mixed together.
Dad looked around at the people there. “Hey, Tsion… is that them?” 
Prayerman Tsion took one look and said, “Yes. That’s Nelson and Blake.”
Uncle Nelson and Uncle Blake…? Colin started to step away but Dad grabbed him and pulled him along at once.
“Nelson! Blake!” Dad waved. “Are your kids joining this World too?”
Colin wished he could run away and hide.
“Of course!” Uncle Nelson roared. “Jonah! Go say ‘hi’ to Colin!”
Colin clenched his fist. “Dad… I…”
“Isn’t this great, Colin? Your friends are here too.” Dad said, smiling broadly.
“They’re not my friends.” Colin tried to explain. “They don’t want to play with me.”
“Nonsense! You’ve been playing together for years!”
“Only because you…”
“Hello, Colin.” Jonah was all smiles. He still wore his red tracksuit. He looked at Uncle Nelson just to make sure his dad was seeing it.
“Hello, Colin.” Alicia still wore her green dress. Uncle Blake patted her head. 
“Hi.” Larry, still as plump as ever, was the only one who looked a bit uncomfortable. 
Uncle Blake frowned at him. “Larry, you should learn to be as friendly as your sister.”
“Yes, father.” Larry replied automatically, but he didn’t sound happy about it.
“Hi.” Colin told all three of them shortly. 
He still remembered the last time he saw them.
We don’t want you there! You’re too clumsy!
But Dad was here, and their dads too. As long as they were here, Jonah, Alicia and Larry would be nice. 
Colin stood there and said nothing.
***
Very soon, a loud voice came from the front door of the building they were waiting at. 
“Attention, all new Travelers! Welcome to Nakama World! You are about to start a wonderful Journey... ah, hang the speech. Let’s just get started!”
The front doors opened, and out stepped a row of nurses in pink nurse uniforms, led by a nurse who had a red uniform. The leader was the one speaking.
“Nakama world is a Dreamworld where people live with Comrades. Comrades are animals who become our friends. They help us with all sorts of things. Travelers like you need Comrades to protect them against wild animals, or to capture Wilds and tame them.”
She waved at them with a notebook. “I’m Chief Breeder Larissa. All new Travelers, please step forward!”
“Go on.” Dad pushed Colin.
Colin stepped forward. Larry was on his right, then Alicia, Jonah, a short boy with glasses, a tall girl with green hair, a girl with black hair, and a boy who wore a yellow scarf.
“Phillip?” Larissa called.
The boy with the yellow scarf raised his hand.
Larissa checked her notebook. “Katrin.”
Black-hair girl raised her hand.
“Jonah. Alicia. Larry.”
They raised their hands.
“Henry.” 
The boy with glasses raised one hand. 
“Marita.”
Green-hair girl waved. “Just ‘Rita’, please.”
At last, Larissa turned to him. “You must be Colin.”
Colin nodded slowly.
“Good. Everyone’s here.” Larissa turned to one of the nurses behind. “Nami, if you will.”
The nurse on the far right stepped forward. Nami had long blue hair, and twinkling eyes. “Hi, everyone. Come on in.”
***
They followed her into the building, eight new Travelers and seven other nurses. 
Behind them, Larissa was talking to all the parents outside. In front of them was a desk with badges on it. 
Nami held one up. “These are for you. Wear the badge at all times – it identifies you as a Traveler and protects you from serious danger.”
She gave each of them a badge; a white shield with a black ‘T’ in the middle. 
Colin frowned at his. “There’s no pin.”
“Just touch it to your shirt.” Nami said.
Colin touched it to his vest over the pocket. The badge suddenly stuck to it like a magnet.
He looked around at everyone else; everyone was wearing a badge. The other Travelers had white badges like his; the nurses had purple badges.
“Has everyone got badges?” Nami asked.
Everyone had. She led them down the hall into a big lift, round and wide enough for all of them to stand on and still have space to walk around.
It had no buttons.
“Upper floor.” Nami said aloud.
The lift obeyed, moving upwards for a short time.
And then Nami turned to them all. “Once the lift opens, you’ll find yourself in a place where you can choose your first Comrade. There are different kinds of Comrades here, but only those with a yellow tag on their collars are ready to bond with a Traveler.”
Jonah raised a hand. “What do we do when we find one?”
“One of us will be with you.” Nami glanced at the other nurses. “Just tell us when you’ve made your choice.”
The nurses separated, one to each of the new Travelers there. Nami stood behind Colin. “Ready?”
“Ready.” They answered.
Nami looked up at the lift’s ceiling. “Full Open.”
The walls and ceiling of the entire lift split into two and fell away to either side.
Colin stared.
***
“This looks like a zoo.” Alicia mentioned. 
It did look like a zoo. Now that the lift walls were gone, Colin and the others stood in the center of a huge space filled with room after room, floor upon floor like a stadium. Every room had short walls up to Colin’s knees, and most held animals.
“How are we ever going to choose?” Henry’s eyes were wide. “There are so many!”
“Actually, the yellow tags are only on the lowest floor. The ones nearest to us.” Nami explained. “The others never have yellow tags. Some of them already belong with people and we’re just taking care of them for a while. Others have to be bought, or earned, or need special conditions to bond with.”
Jonah was the first to step off the lift and take a look at the yellow-tag animals around them. Alicia and Larry followed him, as they always did. Their nurses went too.
Henry went the opposite way. Rita went with him.
Phillip turned to his nurse. “Can you tell me about the yellow-tag animals?”
His nurse glanced at Nami, who shrugged. When that nurse hesitated, Nami answered Phillip herself.
“There are basically four choices this season.” Nami said and pointed. “That kind is the easiest to get along with.”
Nami was pointing at an orange mouse with long, pointed ears. Henry was carrying it in both hands, and it was sniffing at him curiously. There were many more in the room in front of him and Rita, and Rita was bending over the wall to pick another one up. 
“It’s called a Lynxmouse. Lynxmice have good hearing and a good nose for finding food.”
The Lynxmouse gave Henry a twitch of the whiskers and then put on a big smile that looked just like Larissa.
Phillip looked doubtful. “I don’t think it can protect me against anything.”
“Any Comrade can grow strong, if you raise it right.” Nami told him. “But Lynxmice are popular more for their ability to find food than their ability to fight. And like I said; they’re very easy to get along with.”
Phillip glanced at Colin. Colin glanced back.
“Colorbits are also easy to get along with.” Nami went on, pointing to a room filled with rabbits of different colors. “The Pinkbits are the friendliest. Yellowbits are friendly too. Greenbits and Bluebits are less friendly, while Purplebits and Redbits can be a bit hard to get along with.”
Phillip frowned. “Does that mean that the Purple and Red bunnies are the strongest?”
“Maybe.” Nami shrugged. “But as I’ve said, it depends on how you raise them. A Pinkbit can be stronger than a Redbit if you raise it right.”
“What are the other two?” Phillip asked.
“Squirrels and Spiders.” Nami said shortly. “Flying Squirrels, actually… but they can be a bit mischievous and hard to control sometimes. The purple spiders are called Arachnids, and they’re popular for their webbing. Farmers like using their webs to protect their plants.”
Jonah an Arachnid in his hands. It was the same size as the Lynxmouse in Henry’s hands, or the Flying Squirrel in Alicia’s. All the starter Comrades were the same size.
Larry was looking at the Colorbits and the Lynxmice, scratching his head. Rita was walking towards the Arachnids.
Colin looked at Phillip and found Phillip looking at him.
Colin didn’t know what to do. He shrugged helplessly.
Phillip turned to the Colorbits and studied them a while.
But Colin looked beyond the yellow-tags, beyond the first ring of Comrades.
He saw different kinds of what looked like small dinosaurs. He saw Comrades that looked like walking plants. He saw creatures that seemed to be mixed up entirely. He pointed to one and asked Nami. “What is that?”
“That’s a Rhinotle.” Nami said, studying what looked like a mix of turtle and a rhinoceros. “Very strong in defense, but not very clever.”
“And that one?” Colin pointed.
“That’s a Stag Beetle.” Nami told him. “Colin, creatures like those are way beyond what you can handle right now. They’re much too strong for you. Focus on the ones you can handle first.”
“Mice, rabbits, squirrels and spiders.” Colin sighed.
“Exactly.”
Phillip had chosen a Bluebit, and Larry had picked up a Yellowbit. Rita found the most active Arachnid in the entire hall. It kept trying to climb out of her hands.
Two rabbits… two spiders… a mouse and a squirrel.
Colin looked at the Lynxmice. He looked at the Squirrels.
Easy to handle mice… they’re good at finding food… but they’re probably the weakest of the lot… Squirrels are hard to control… they’re naughty… and they can fly away.
Colin shook his head. “This is hard.”
“Just pick one. You can get more Comrades later.” Nami told him. “If you want to catch Comrades, the best one here for the job is the Arachnid.”
Colin thought about it. “I don’t like spiders.”
“Well, whatever it is, take your time.” Nami said. “You’re already the last one.”
“Isn’t there any other Comrade I can take?” Colin asked.
“There is.” A soft voice said from behind him.
Colin jumped. Nami jumped too, and her nurse hat fell off. Both of them turned to see a lady in a white coat; a lady with a blue visor and dark brown hair. 
“Michi!” Nami stared. “Where did you come from?!”
“My lab, of course.” Michi answered in that soft voice. She looked at Colin intently. “You will do.”
And with that, she held out a bundle of fur.
“What’s this?” Colin blinked, as she put it into his hand.
And then the bundle of fur lifted out a small sharp nose and blinked at him with soft brown eyes.
***
It was small. Smaller than the yellow-tag Comrades that everyone else had gotten. This one was about half their size, and fit in just one of his hands.
“Hello…” Colin paused, blinking right back at it. Sharp nose… sharp ears… soft eyes… fur. Soft, white fur.  It looked like a wolf cub.
It stood up and Colin saw that it wasn’t just a white wolf. Its paws didn’t look like a dog’s or a wolf’s. Those paws looked like a cat’s. That tail too.
“A wolfcat.” Nami told him. “One of Michi’s breedings. Colin, don’t take it. Michi’s breedings don’t do very well.”
“What’s wrong with my breedings?” Michi asked, in that same soft voice.
Nami growled. “Michi, take back your… product. It’s so small, and it’s white!”
Colin stared into the face of the wolfcat cub. The wolfcat cub stared back.
And suddenly, he realized something.
The cub was afraid. 
“Me too.” Colin whispered. “I don’t know what’s going on either.”
Together, they glanced at the two ladies. Nami was giving Michi a lecture. Michi, on the other hand, was studying Colin. At last, she spoke. “Contact me any time.”
Nami spoke too. “Colin, that Comrade’s not… normal…” she told him. “It’s not!”
“That’s okay.” Colin told her, and even as he said it, he realized the truth. “I’m not normal either.”
“Everybody thinks that.” Nami told him flatly.
Colin didn’t answer her. Instead, he asked the wolfcat, “What’s your name?”
Nami coughed. “Um… Colin… they don’t have names… not until you give them names.”
But the wolfcat looked back at Colin with soft brown eyes and said, “Yip.”
“Shiro.” Michi said, as she left. “His name is Shiro.”
“Shiro.” Colin said. “It’s nice to meet you.”
“Yip.” Shiro replied just as politely.
Nami didn’t like it. She kept telling Colin why it wasn’t a good idea to Travel with Shiro as his Comrade. “Michi’s stuff NEVER does well! He’s so small, he has to be weak! And…!”
But Colin wasn’t really listening. He felt that Shiro was a lot like himself. He didn’t know what Shiro could or couldn’t do just yet, but he liked the wolfcat.
Nami asked one last time. “Colin, are you sure about this?”
“Yes.” Colin answered.
Nami gave up. “Fine. He’s your problem.” she said. “We better go. Everyone else has already left.”
She was right. Everyone else had already taken their new Comrades and disappeared somewhere.
“Where did they go?” Colin asked.
“To register.” Nami said. “Follow me.”
She brought him across the place to a room under the second ring of animal pens. Inside, was a camera and a soft black tile on the floor.
“Colin, you and your Comrade need to put your feet down on the black plate together to register.”
“Put my feet down…?” Colin didn’t understand.
“Just one foot each.” Nami explained. “We need your footprint and Shiro’s pawprint side by side. After that, you’re officially registered as Traveler and Comrade.”
“Oh.” Colin said, and put Shiro down.
Shiro sniffed at the Plate, then turned to Colin. “Yip?”
“Yip.” Colin replied, and put his right foot down on the plate. Shiro put his right forepaw on it.
When they took their feet off the black plate, they left one footprint and one pawprint outlined in white. 
“There it is.” Nami said, giving them a resigned nod. “Those are the first of the many footprints and pawprints you’ll be leaving all over this world from now on.
“Your Journey has officially begun.”
Phase 02: White furball
“This is your Traveler Watch.” Nami said, holding up a bracelet. It was a broad band of silver, with a small screen showing the time in front. “Put it on.”
She helped him as he slid his hand through the bracelet. Then, when it hung loosely on his wrist, she tapped it sharply. The bracelet closed in to fit Colin’s arm.
“Your watch has lots of stuff in it – phone, phone book, map, voice diary, alarm clock, travel log, travel guide, rulebook, and more.”
“How do I use it?” Colin asked.
“We’re Dreaming, remember?” Nami made a small laugh. “Just think of what you want and touch it.”
Colin touched it and thought of checking who he had in his phone book. 
A list popped out of the watch, like a sheet of paper hanging in mid-air. Colin saw a listing of Comrade Homes, Training Centers, Tournament Arenas and oddly enough, Michi.
“Contact me anytime you need to.” Nami told him. 
The moment she said it, Nami’s contact appeared on his contact list.
“So that’s how it works.” Colin realized. “You just say it, and I get your contact in my phone book.”
“Exactly.” Nami nodded. “You’re ready to Journey now. If you want, you can bring your Comrades to the nearest Comrade Home to give them a place to stay while you’re awake. Most Travelers do that until they can afford to build their own house or something. You can collect him and continue your Journey with him afterwards.”
“You mean, like a hotel?” 
“Something like that.” Nami said. “For new Travelers, we provide room and care for free. After the first week, however, we start charging you based on what we need to do for your Comrade.”
“So I need my own house here after one week.” Colin frowned. “How do I travel around if I have a house?”
Nami laughed. “Don’t worry about that just yet. You’ll find out if and when you get one. For now, just concentrate on raising up your first Comrade or getting your second.”
“How do I do that?” Colin asked.
Nami thought for a bit. “I can tell you, but you’re actually supposed to go to the Training Center. It’s in the middle of town. We call it ‘Sunshine Gym’ because it’s got the word ‘GYM’ on the roof.”
“Do all Training Centers have the word ‘GYM’ on the roof?” Colin had to ask.
“Actually… yes.”
***
Dad and the prayerman were talking as Colin stepped out of the Comrade Home. The prayerman gave him a smile, and said, “There he is. Found your Comrade?”
Colin nodded in reply. “This is Shiro.”
The prayerman smiled. “Hello, Shiro.”
Dad petted him on the head. “He’s a cute little furball, isn’t he?”
“A cute white furball.” The prayerman agreed. “I think Colin’s done well, don’t you?”
“I think so.” Dad paused then. He looked at Colin in a strange way. “Larissa says you’d be better off without us interfering... and you’re obviously ready to get started.”
Colin nodded slowly.
Dad cleared his throat. “I’ll be off, then. If you need anything…”
“Call you?” Colin knew what Dad was going to say.
“Yes. Call me.”
Colin felt a little twitch in his watch and knew that Dad had just been registered as a contact in his phone book. “Okay.”
“Right.” Dad took a deep breath. “Bye, Colin.”
“Bye.” Colin waved. 
“Yip.” Shiro added his own goodbye.
The prayerman waved as he and Dad headed back up the road. Colin watched them go for a bit, then looked to Shiro. “What do you think?”
Shiro twisted his head to one side, then shrugged. “Yip.”
“Really…?” Colin was surprised. “You don’t think they’re weird?”
Shiro shook his head.
“You should get to know them better.” Colin told him.
Shiro barked a laugh, and they headed down the road towards Sunshine Town together.
***
Sunshine Town was filled with Comrades.
Everywhere he looked, Colin saw people with Comrades. There were Comrades even smaller than Shiro, and Comrades large enough for people to ride on. There were Comrades of all colors, and all kinds.
On the left, a girl rode what looked like a black lion, with another girl and a green penguin walking beside her. On the right, a man and a trio of long-armed monkeys were fixing a house’s roof. Down the road, a boy was playing tug-of-war with a large red fox that had a whole lot of tails (Nine, maybe? Colin tried to count, but the tails kept moving). 
Then there was that lady at the shop who stood on top of what looked like two rather flat blue crocodiles. The man selling her something at the shop was working with two chubby orange bears and a tiger that bounced on a long springy tail. Behind the lady on the flat crocodiles, a boy with glasses and a zebra-striped seal waited in line for his turn to buy something.
Comrades were everywhere, doing everything. 
“Watch out!” Someone yelped from behind him. Colin turned to see Shiro almost trampled by a hopping yellow melon. It almost looked like it had a face…
The ‘fruit’ blinked at him and hummed a curious tone. The man who walked with the hopping pot patted it on the head and said, “I think he’s new here, Mandras. He seems to be a bit lost.”
“Uh… sorry.” Colin stepped back. “Here, Shiro, we better not block the road.”
Shiro wriggled a bit when Colin caught him up in both hands, then had an idea. He scampered up Colin’s left arm and sat down on Colin’s shoulder, wrapping his tail all the way around Colin’s back. 
“Won’t you fall off?” Colin had to ask.
Shiro sniffed.
Colin tried walking with Shiro on his shoulder and found, to his surprise, that Shiro kept his balance very well. Maybe it was his tail or something, but Shiro sat there quite comfortably and didn’t lose his balance even when Colin almost bumped into someone and had to stop suddenly.
“Okay.” Colin smiled. Shiro felt warm and cozy sitting on his shoulder. Colin nudged Shiro with his nose. “Let’s go to the Training Center.”
***
The Gym itself looked like a glass eggshell that anyone could see into. Inside, Colin saw Comrades training with machines, other Comrades, and with Dreamers. 
Colin, however, had a problem.
He couldn’t find the door.
“How do I get in?” he asked a nearby girl, someone who had a blue kitten on her shoulder the way Colin had Shiro on his. She had short black hair, bright green eyes, and a rather intent look on her face. She looked familiar. Very familiar. Where had he seen her before…?
“Just follow the road.” She pointed. “See where the road seems to go into the glass?”
“I don’t see any entrance.” Colin said, looking for it.
“You will.” She told him. “The wall only opens up as much as it needs to. It was made that way so that the bigger Comrades could get in.”
“The wall opens?” Colin stared.
“Try it.” She suggested.
Colin did just that and was startled when the wall just disappeared in front of him, making an opening large enough for him to walk through comfortably.
“Wow.” Colin said, staring at the missing wall as he walked through. As soon as he was inside, the wall appeared again.
The girl at the front desk was a short, brown girl with a very round face. She blinked at him. “Can I help you?”
“Uh… I was told to come to the Gym.” Colin said.
“A white badge…” she noticed. “You must be one of the new Travelers.”
“Yes.” Colin nodded. “That’s right.”
“But why didn’t you bring your Comrade with you?” she asked next.
“My… Comrade…?” Colin blinked, then looked at Shiro.
But Shiro wasn’t there. He wasn’t on Colin’s shoulder any more.
“Wha…?!” Colin jumped. “Where did he go?!”
Shiro had disappeared.
***
He checked under the desk, around the hallway, and all over the hall. “Are you sure he didn’t come in with me?”
“I’m sure.” The girl at the desk said. “You came in alone.”
“Oh no! Where could he have gone?” Colin groaned.
Nami’s voice haunted him. Michi’s stuff NEVER does well…
He could imagine what she’d say if she found out. “Way to go, Colin. Not even one hour and you’ve already lost your Comrade.”
“Where did he GO?!” Colin dashed out of the Gym and went looking for Shiro.
***
Henry was outside, coming back with two Lynxmice when Colin almost crashed into him as he rushed out to find Shiro.
“Did you see him?” Colin asked Henry.
“Who?” Henry was blur.
“My wolfcat! A little white furball with a pointy nose and a long tail!” Colin said.
“White wolfcat? I saw Katrin chasing one just now.” Henry pointed up the road.
“Katrin…?” The name sounded VERY familiar.
“She was there with us when we first started.” Henry reminded him. “Black hair? Green eyes?”
Katrin! Colin remembered now. She was one of the eight new Travelers…
“Wait a minute.” Colin frowned. “I don’t remember seeing her pick her Comrade.”
Henry shrugged. “Whatever it is, she was chasing a white wolfcat and a blue kitten. Maybe that’s the one you’re looking for.”
A white wolfcat and a blue kitten… the kitten’s hers… but… Colin groaned. “Which way did they go?”
Henry pointed again. “That way.”
“Thanks, Henry.”
***
Rita was coming back with her Arachnid and a walking plant with a head full of teeth. “Katrin chasing a white furball and a blue kitten? Yeah, they were headed down the road, all the way out of town.”
“Out of town…?” Colin rubbed his head. “Which way?”
“Towards Farmer Edward’s place.” Rita pointed. “I don’t think she’s going to catch the wolfcat and the kitten, though. They were faster than she was.”
“Oh great…” Colin groaned again. “Thanks, Rita.”
“Come battle me sometime!” Rita called as he ran after Shiro.
He passed by Jonah, Alicia and Larry on the way. They had new Comrades too – a whole bunch of Colorbits and a beetle that almost looked like a rock. Larry called to him. “Hey, Colin! Wanna battle?”
“I’m busy!” Colin yelled back, and ran past without another glance.
“Where’s your Comrade?” Alicia shouted after him.
Colin didn’t reply.
***
He caught up to Katrin, panting outside a farmhouse and a big sign that said “Farmer Edward’s Farm”. 
“Katrin…” Colin coughed, also panting and trying to catch his breath. “Where’s…”
Katrin pointed farther down the road. “Too… fast…”
“What… happened...?” Colin struggled to breathe.
“That dumb furball…” Katrin coughed. “Chased my kitten… I couldn’t…”
“Shiro…” Colin groaned and sat down on the road with a thump. Katrin shook her head and managed one more step before she dropped to the road also.
They just sat there for a minute, doing their best to breathe. Both of them were sweating so much, their clothes were soaked.
Colin wondered if his body, sleeping back in the real world, was also sweating because of this. This was a Dreamworld, one of many on the Dreamworlds Network where Dreamers shared their dreams. Everyone here was Dreaming. Katrin could be on the other side of the world in real life, but in this Dreamworld, she was just three feet in front of him.
“We can’t catch them.” Katrin said. “They’re too fast.”
Katrin was probably right. Shiro was nowhere in sight, and Colin didn’t know how far ahead that furball had gotten. 
But…
“We don’t have a choice.” Colin said. “We can’t do a thing around here without Comrades.”
Katrin turned to him. “What’s the problem with that white furball, anyway?! Why is he chasing my kitten?!”
Colin scratched his head. “Dogs chase cats, don’t they? I think a wolfcat is half-dog.”
“Then why isn’t he chasing every Lynxmouse around?” Katrin demanded. 
“Why should he?” Colin asked.
“Because a Lynxmouse is a mix of a cat and a mouse. He’s a wolfcat, a mix of a wolf and a cat, so…”
“He has twice as much reason to chase a Lynxmouse.” Colin agreed and groaned again. “Henry’s going to hate me.”
“Well, DO something!” Katrin scolded him. “He’s your Comrade! You’ve got to bring him under control!”
“I haven’t learnt how!” Colin protested.
“Well, learn it, and learn it FAST!” she snapped.
Then a deep voice came from their left. “You two… what are you doing in front of my farm?”
***
Farmer Edward was a graying man who wore a floppy brown hat. He had a wolfcat too; a gray one, and it was as big as Colin himself.
“Chased a kitten…?” Farmer Edward was surprised. “I’ve never heard of a Comrade doing that before.”
“He’s a wolfcat.” Katrin said sourly.
Farmer Edward glanced at his own wolfcat, sitting there waiting for him patiently. “Mine never did anything like that.”
“Well, yours is smart.” Katrin growled. “Colin’s wolfcat is an idiot.”
“Hey!” Colin protested. But he turned to Farmer Edward and asked, “How do you get your wolfcat to do what you want him to do?”
“Well…” Farmer Edward scratched his head. “Usually, you just need to tell them. ‘Stay’, ‘go’, ‘follow’, ‘guard’… basic commands will do. If you’re in battle, you need to tell him which enemy to fight and what techniques to use if you want.”
“Really?” Colin scratched his head. “But I didn’t tell him to chase Katrin’s kitten.”
“Maybe he’s hungry.” Edward suggested and Katrin let out a yell of fright.
“Or maybe he’s just bored.” Edward said, but Katrin was already running off down the road again.
“Call me if you catch them!” Colin yelled after her, but she didn’t answer or slow down.
He just hoped that his contact had been registered in her phone book. Colin sighed. “What do I do…?”
Farmer Edward gave him a close look. “You’re a new Traveler, aren’t you?”
“Yes.” Colin admitted.
“Your badge is white and totally clean. You’ve accomplished nothing, and any Comrade looking at you will know it at once. You know, Colin, Comrades are picky.”
“Picky?” Colin blinked.
“Yes. They won’t listen to you unless they respect you.” Edward explained. “If you tried to bond with a wolfcat as big and strong as mine, for example, he won’t let you.”
“But Shiro let me bond with him.” Colin protested.
“That’s just the first part. If he’s picky, you’ll need to earn his respect to get him to obey you.”
“How do I do that?” Colin asked.
Edward scratched his head. “Well… that’s a bit tricky. It depends on what your Comrade respects. Basically, you have to get to know him first.”
“How am I supposed to get to know him when he runs off like this?”
Edward sighed. “Try feeding or petting him. Comrades usually like things like that. Even if you don’t have his respect yet, he might like you enough to stay with you.”
Colin shook his head. “So I need to get him to like me, then I need to get to know what he respects, and then I have to earn his respect so that he’ll listen to what I say.”
“In short… yes.” Edward agreed.
“Is it always this hard?” Colin complained.
“That depends on your starter Comrade.” Edward said. “Those who took mice or easier rabbits never have this sort of problem. It’s those who try Redbits or Purplebits or Flying Squirrels that face this kind of trouble. Or those like you.”
“Like me?” Colin blinked.
“Yes. The kind who want to start off with something stronger than a yellow-tag.”
Colin realized it then. Shiro wasn’t a yellow-tag. He wasn’t supposed to be something a beginner started with.
Why didn’t Nami warn me about this?!
Oh wait…
She did.
Phase 03: Shiro’s Reason
When Jonah, Alicia and Larry dropped by Farmer Edward’s Farm later, they found Colin weeding a garden with a spade.
“What are you doing?” Alicia asked, totally confused. 
“I’m earning money.” Colin grunted. “To buy food.”
“Us too, but we use our Comrades to do the work!” Larry said. “That’s what they’re for.”
“My case is a bit different.” Colin said. “I need to feed my Comrade to get it to like me and stay with me instead of running off.”
“It ran off…?!” Jonah burst out laughing. Alicia too.
“Is that possible?” Larry asked.
Farmer Edward showed up just then. “It is. Especially if it’s hungry. You three are here to work, right?”
“Right.” Larry answered.
“Come. Let’s get started.” Farmer Edward said, and brought them to another garden.
Colin took a break to watch them work. He soon discovered what Larry meant by using their Comrades to do the work.
Larry had five Colorbits, two pink, two yellow, and one green. Farmer Edward gave him the same job as Colin’s – weeding.
But where Colin weeded one garden, Larry had a whole field to weed; and Larry didn’t use a spade. He just sent his Colorbits to eat the weeds up and dig out the roots.
Alicia was given a job to pick fruits. Her Flying Squirrel did that easily, jumping all over the branches of first one tree, then the next. She had a Greenbit too, and it stayed below, catching the fruits that her Squirrel tossed at it.
Jonah used his Arachnid to set up protective webbing over rows upon rows of plants. The beetle just sat there like a rock.
Colin shook his head. Weeding this garden would go much, much faster if Shiro was around to dig as well.
What happened? Colin kept asking himself that question over and over again. Why did Shiro leave me?
Farmer Edward said that Shiro didn’t like or respect him enough. That Colin had to feed the wolfcat and pet him and earn his respect.
Maybe he was right. He was an experienced man, after all. He should know.
But Colin remembered when he first met Shiro. He remembered how Shiro felt.
Shiro had been afraid too. He didn’t seem to dislike Colin… or disrespect him. Shiro had been…
Nervous. 
Yes. Shiro had been nervous.
Colin frowned, thinking back on what happened when Shiro was almost squashed by that Mandras. The white wolfcat had scrambled up to his shoulder…
He hadn’t been nervous any more. Excited, yes. Playful, yes… but not nervous.
He didn’t dislike Colin. 
Why did he run away? Why did he chase Katrin’s kitten?
“Colin.” Farmer Edward came up to him. “That’s enough. You’ve earned your pay.”
Colin stopped and wiped sweat from his forehead. “How much does fish or meat cost?”
“Four to five Clira for fresh fish. Eight to ten for good meat.” Edward told him. “Look, Colin, are you sure you want to go through with this?”
“What do you mean?” Colin asked.
“This wolfcat of yours…” Edward paused. “It’s not going to be easy to get him to follow you. It could take all night, maybe even tomorrow night as well.”
“I know.” Colin sighed. “Just earning money is taking me a long time.”
“You can try something else, you know.” Edward said. “Try a different Comrade. Go back to the Home and ask for a yellow-tag Starter Comrade because your wolfcat has run away.”
“What?!” Colin stared. “I can’t do that!”
“It’s okay.” Edward said. “I know it sounds embarrassing, but for a beginner, they’ll understand. Everyone makes mistakes at first.”
“That’s not it.” Colin protested. “Farmer Edward, the whole reason I’m working here, the whole reason I’m here at all, is to find my Comrade. I know you mean well, but Shiro’s my Comrade. I’m not going to abandon him just to make things easier.”
“He abandoned you.” Edward pointed out.
“We don’t know that for sure.” Colin shook his head. “He might have his reasons.”
Edward laughed. “Colin, he’s a wolfcat! An animal that’s half wolf and half cat! And he’s a Comrade who’s run away from you. What else would you call that but abandonment? Colin, he left you!”
“Maybe.” Colin didn’t think so. “But I haven’t left him.”
“Colin, you don’t understand. Comrades are around to serve you, and to do what you want them to. If your Comrade doesn’t want to be around, and doesn’t want to do what you ask, then what’s it for?” Edward demanded.
Colin paused and thought about that.
He looked at Jonah, Alicia and Larry, using their Comrades to perform farm work. He looked at Farmer Edward and his many Comrades who were doing things around the farm.
“Maybe.” Colin said slowly. “But maybe it’s different.”
“What do you mean by ‘different’?” Edward questioned.
“Well…” Colin thought about it some more. “For you, they’re… your job. I mean… you’re a farmer. You use them to do work and to get stuff to sell. But…”
“But…?” Edward waited.
“I’m not a farmer.” Colin said, trying to figure it out himself. “I’m not the same as you. I’m a Traveler, and I’m supposed to travel with my Comrade. He’s not my servant. He’s my friend.”
“A friend who leaves you behind to chase kittens.” Edward shook his head. “Some friend that is.”
“Maybe he has his reasons.” Colin shifted uncomfortably.
“Maybe he just doesn’t like you.” Edward said again.
Colin thought back, remembered the way Shiro looked… the way Shiro felt.
“That’s not it.” Colin said, suddenly feeling certain.
“And how do you know?” Edward asked.
“I felt it.” Colin answered.
“You… felt it?” Farmer Edward went off into full blown laughter. “You felt it?!”
“Yes.” Colin said simply. “I felt it.”
Or rather, he didn’t feel it. Shiro had been nervous, excited and playful, but he had not disliked Colin.
“You really are an idiot.” Edward concluded. “It’s going to be your own fault that you’ll be having such a hard time. Here: your pay for weeding the garden.”
He handed Colin five coins. Each had ‘10cr’ stamped on it.
“Fifty Clira.” Farmer Edward explained. “Bring those to the market on the east side of Sunshine Town and buy fish or meat or something.”
Colin nodded his thanks, and left the farm.
***
He was halfway back to Town when Katrin called him.
“Colin!” her voice was low and she spoke in a whisper. “Get over here! You’re not going to believe this.”
“What?” Colin blinked.
“I found them. Your Comrade and mine. Come quick!”
“Where?” Colin had to ask.
“I’ll send you a Nav Point.” 
“A what…?”
A red triangle suddenly appeared on his watch. Colin twisted his arm towards himself to inspect it and it spun so that it kept pointing the same way.
“A Navigation point. Just follow the red arrow.” Katrin said.
“Okay!” Colin said, and started running.	
***
Farmer Edward was surprised when he saw Colin running back the way you came. “Forgot something?”
“Katrin called. She found my wolfcat.” Colin explained, slowing down a little.
“This ought to be good.” Edward grunted, shaking his head. “They must be a long way away by now. Why don’t I give you a lift?”
“Really?” Colin stared. 
“Yeah. Just let me get the truck.”
Farmer Edward’s truck was a big blue vehicle that smelled of vegetables.
“Sorry for all the trouble.” Colin sat next to Farmer Edward. 
“It’s okay.” Edward said, putting on the seat belt. “I’m curious to know what happened too.”
It took them ten minutes before the red arrow started to change direction and they had to go off the road to follow it. After another two minutes of driving through open fields, they came up against more and more trees and they had to get out of the truck to follow the Nav Point.
“Stay close.” Farmer Edward warned Colin. “Graybark! Guard!”
Graybark, Edward’s wolfcat, had come with them on the back of the truck. Now he followed them with a sharp eye and a sharp nose out for any Wilds that may cause trouble.
But there weren’t any Wilds in sight. There had been a few earlier, which they passed by, but right here, there didn’t seem to be any wild animals at all.
Then what was this… uneasiness?
There was a feeling of tension in the air that Colin didn’t like. As if something bad was happening nearby.
And then, a sound broke the uneasy silence.
Shiro was howling.
***
“Shiro!” Colin dashed ahead with Edward behind him and Graybark at their backs. “Shiro!”
“Colin!” Katrin called from in front and to the left. Shiro was howling directly ahead of them.
Colin, Edward and Graybark burst out of the thick trees and found themselves in a clearing.
On their left, Katrin was getting up from behind a big rock. On their right, a big white lioness was snarling, trapped under a fallen tree. 
In front of them was a fight. 
On one side was Shiro, Katrin’s kitten, a black creature that looked like a mix between eagle and lion, a big green cat, a smaller red cat, a tall skinny cat with six legs, and a pink lion-face creature with a mane as large as its whole body.
On the other was what appeared to be an army of giant ants… and more and more ants were arriving even as Colin watched.
“Graybark! Attack the ants! Sonic Howl!” Farmer Edward ordered. Then, he tapped his watch. “Webby! Come to me! Firebull! Give her a ride!”
“Who are you talking to?” Colin asked, as Graybark dashed forward to join the fight.
“My Comrades! I’m calling them to come here!” Edward said. “The ants are trying to eat the white lioness. The others are protecting it, but there are too many ants!”
“What do we do?” Katrin asked.
“I’m calling my Arachnid over. She’ll spin a web around to stop the ants.” Edward paused and turned to Colin. “That white lioness over there… friend of theirs?”
“What?!” Colin and Katrin both jumped.
“Look at the Comrades and Wilds protecting her. They’re all cat-types.” Edward said. “I think they’re friends.”
“Then that means…” Katrin paused. “His wolfcat wasn’t chasing my kitten. They were both rushing here to save her.”
“I think so.” Edward agreed. “Come on! Your Comrades will fight to the death to defend their friend. If you want to save them from the ants, you’re going to have to save the lioness first. We’ll have to free her from under the tree.”
“How?” Colin asked.
“I have some rope in my truck.” Edward said. “We’ll tie it to the fallen tree and loop it over that branch…” he pointed. “Then, we’ll need Graybark and the bigger cats here to help us pull.”
Graybark was howling now, but his Howl seemed different from Shiro’s. When he Howled, the air rippled, and when it hit the ants, they seemed to be hurt. A few of them turned towards him and started attacking him.
“Graybark! Sonic Storm!” Edward called.
Graybark leapt back, aimed his muzzle to the sky and howled again.
But this Howl was different. The sonic ripples went up first, then came raining down on every nearby Ant. The nearest ants to Graybark were hit so heavily, they fell to the ground and slowed down in their crawl towards Graybark.
“Attack the nearest Ant! Piercing Fang!” Edward ordered.
Graybark lunged forward, and when he opened his mouth, his longest two teeth glowed bright. He bit the nearest Ant and his teeth hit hard.
The Ant collapsed. It fell down and didn’t move any more.
“Behind you! Tail Slash!” Edward shouted.
Graybark spun, and when he spun, his longer tail lashed the face of the Ant that tried to attack him from behind.
“Shock Bite!” Edward called, and Graybark lunged forward to bite the Ant he’d just hit with his tail.
That Ant collapsed and stopped moving also.
“Watch out!” Katrin ran forward.
Colin watched in amazement as she picked up a loose branch and whacked an Ant on the head just as it was about to bite at her kitten. Her little blue kitten snarled and clawed the Ant back, even as the Ant tried pushing at Katrin.
“Are you crazy?!” Edward yelled at her.
Colin looked around and found a rock small enough to throw. He took aim and threw it at the Ant pushing at Katrin.
He hit the Ant directly on one of the feelers.
“Ouch.” Farmer Edward winced. “That’s his most sensitive spot…”
He was right. Now the Ant was looking at Colin.
“Uhoh.” Colin said.
The Ant charged right for him, pushing Katrin out of the way, ignoring her kitten’s clawing. Shiro dashed forward and whacked it with his tail, but it ignored Shiro as well.
“Colin! Run!” Farmer Edward shouted.
“Run where?!” Colin asked. 
“Just run!”
Colin glanced at the nearby trees. Maybe if he climbed one…
“Colin!” Katrin shouted, and Colin turned in time to see that Ant spitting something at him.
He jumped out of the way, but the Ant went on spitting. Whatever it was, Colin reasoned, it couldn’t be good. Poison, maybe, or acid.
“Take cover!” Edward said. Colin dodged behind a tree and let the Ant spit into the tree instead of him. “Stay right there! Graybark…”
But there was no need. From above, that black eagle/lion creature crashed down onto the Ant attacking Colin and struck with beak and claws. The Ant fell in a matter of moments.
“Whew.” Colin said.
“Are you all right?” Katrin asked, looking at him worriedly.
“I’m fine.” Colin answered.
“Watch out!” Edward shouted.
Katrin took one look and dashed forward, taking cover behind the same tree as Ant-spit flew past.
“Both of you, just… stay there!” Edward called. “It’s dangerous out here!”
“Okay…” Colin managed as more Ant-spit flew around.
He found Katrin looking at him worriedly.
“We’ll be fine.” He told her.
“It’s…” Katrin shook her head. “Sorry.”
“Huh?” Colin blinked. “For what?”
“For blaming you… when your wolfcat and Raiki ran off…”
“Oh. That.” Colin shook his head. “I thought the same thing too. It’s okay.”
And then a big spider popped its head out at them.
Katrin let out a yell and grabbed onto Colin so hard, he couldn’t breathe. “Kat…rin…”
“Webby!” Edward was suddenly there. “You’re here!”
Webby, Colin figured, meant that BIG Arachnid in front of his face. It was, he realized, sitting on top of a bull that had fire over its hooves.
“Firebull, Trample through the Ants!” Edward ordered. “Webby! Web Barrier!”
Colin looked at Katrin, staring at the big spider openly while still squeezing Colin hard. “Kat… I can’t… breathe…”
Katrin blinked, then suddenly realized what she was doing and jumped back, her face red. “Sorry…”
They watched Farmer Edward as he got to work, quickly tying that rope around the fallen tree. “Graybark, all you big cats… we need your help to pull this off the white lioness.”
They seemed to understand. All of them bit into the rope and started pulling.
“Colin! Katrin! Help pull!” Edward called. “Firebull! Get back here!”
They pulled. They dug their feet into the ground, held on tight to the rope, and pulled as hard as they possibly could.
Slowly, the tree lifted. Slowly, the white lioness clawed her way out from under it.
“Keep pulling!” Farmer Edward called.
Colin was pulling too hard to answer.
Firebull grabbed the rope in his teeth and helped them pull. Graybark was straining so hard, his fur stood up on end. Even Webby was pulling the rope.
“Almost there!” Edward shouted.
Shiro was straining, and Raiki (Katrin’s kitten) had her back arched tightly. The black eagle/lion was tugging with its eyes closed.
“Almost!” Edward grunted. “And… there!”
With a sudden pop, the white lioness pulled her way free from under the trunk. Everyone dropped the rope all at once, and the log crashed onto the floor loudly.
“Whew.” Colin panted.
“Yip.” Shiro agreed, wheezing.
Katrin turned to Raiki. “Are you all right?”
“Mew.” Raiki answered.
“Good work, you guys.” Edward told his three Comrades. 
They didn’t say anything.
The white lioness limped over to them. Her back left leg was injured, but she looked at them with proud eyes. “Raar.”
“You’re welcome.” Colin told her in polite reply. 
She gave him a nod, and limped away into the forest. The smaller red cat followed her.
The other cat-type Comrades and Wilds scattered, going away in different directions. The Ants too, turned back.
“Well.” Farmer Edward looked at the fallen Ants left behind and thought for a bit. “Well, well, well.”
“What?” Colin asked.
Farmer Edward gave him a grin. “I think I just got more Comrades to help me on the Farm.”
***
Farmer Edward loaded the Ants onto the back of his truck with the help of his Comrades while Colin, Katrin, and their Comrades rested in the front. Then, he drove them to the Sunshine Town Comrade Home.
“What are we doing here?” Colin asked.
“You’ll see.” Farmer Edward said. 
He went to the Ants and the back of his truck and said, “All of you, come with me.”
To Colin’s surprise, they got up and followed him.
Edward knocked on the door, and Larissa opened it. “Edward! What brings you here?”
“I’d like to register six new Comrades.” Edward smiled, nodding to the Ants.
“Six Megants?” Larissa blinked. “All at once?! How did you manage that many without the whole nest attacking you?”
“I was defending something.” Edward told her.
“Well…!” Larissa shook her head. “Come on in. Let’s get you bonded.”
She brought them straight to the Registration room. Colin and Katrin watched as Farmer Edward put his footprint beside each of the ants’ footprints on the black plate.
“Antone, Antwo, Anthree, Antfour, Antfive, and Antsix.” He named them all. “Let’s go home. I’ve got plenty of work for you all. We’re going to expand the farm.”
***
Jonah, Alicia and Larry were finished with their work by the time they arrived back at the Farm. Edward paid them all in the hundreds of Clira.
“They did a lot more than you did.” Edward explained to Colin as the three headed back to town.
“I know.” Colin said.
“But there’s still a bit more work you can do if you like.” Edward said. “I’ve been thinking of expanding the farm for two nights now, and with six new Comrades to help out, I think it’ll go easier. Especially since they’re hardworking Ant types. Until now, I didn’t have anything suited to cutting or biting down trees to clear more space.”
“Farmer Edward…” Katrin asked, “How many Comrades DO you have?”
“Me?” Edward thought about it. “Over twenty. Maybe thirty, including these six.”
“Wow.” Colin stared.
Edward laughed. “I run a farm, Colin. I need that many Comrades just to keep the place running. You’re a Traveler. You can get by with just one special Comrade or two. But me… I need a whole workforce, or Sunshine Town might suffer a food shortage.”
“I… see.” Colin managed.
“Especially since there are so many new Travelers and Comrades this season. We’re going to need more and more food.” Farmer Edward added. “And I’m going to need more and more help on the farm, so any time you need work…”
“I’ll come help you out.” Colin agreed.
“Me too.” Katrin said. “But for now, I think Raiki needs to rest. Goodbye, Farmer Edward.”
“Goodbye, Katrin. Goodbye, Colin.” Edward waved. “It was fun catching new Comrades with you two.”
“Thanks, Farmer Edward. I learnt a lot.” Colin grinned. 
“Goodbye.”
Phase 04: Meeting Michi
On the way back to Town, Katrin asked, “Colin… how did Shiro and Raiki know that their friend was in trouble?”
Colin thought about it for a while. “Maybe they have their own way of communicating. Remember how Edward called Webby and Firebull to come all the way from the farm?”
“You mean, they can communicate without Traveler Watches?” Katrin asked.
Colin shrugged. “Who knows?”
Katrin thought for a bit, and said, “Call me if you need help with anything.”
Colin blinked. “What?”
Katrin shook her head. “Nothing. I already have your contact in my phone book, so I was just giving you mine.”
“Oh.”
They walked on in silence for a while more, their Comrades on their shoulders. Then, Colin asked, “Kat… where did you get your Comrade from?”
“Raiki? The scientist lady gave her to me.” Katrin said.
“Scientist lady…?” Colin blinked. “Blue visor? White coat?”
“Yeah. She said her name was Michi.” 
That explained a lot. 
“I should have guessed.” Colin said.
Shiro yawned.
Colin made a call.
“Who are you calling?” Katrin asked.
“I’m calling Michi.” Colin answered.
Michi picked up the call. “What is it, Colin?”
“Michi…” Colin paused, not sure if that’s what he should call her, but went on anyway. “Why did  you give Katrin and I our Comrades?”
Katrin stared.
Michi, however, didn’t hesitate. “To the Kat, I gave a Cat. To the lost, I gave one to help him find his way.”
“Hey!” Katrin protested. “You gave me Raiki just because people call me ‘Kat’ for short?!”
“Is that Katrin?” Michi sounded pleased. “I didn’t know you two were… together.”
Something about the way Michi said ‘together’ made Colin a bit uneasy, but he wasn’t quite sure why.
“Hey!!” Katrin yelled.
“Is there a problem with your Comrades?” Michi asked, all cool and confident.
“Well, they ran off to rescue their friend without telling us and we had to chase them to get them back.” Colin said.
“But they did come back to you.” Michi pointed out.
“Well… we didn’t know if they would.” Colin went on. “Farmer Edward said Shiro might have abandoned me because he didn’t like me, or because he was hungry.”
Michi actually laughed at that. “Colin… have you checked your Comrade’s Traits?”
“My Comrade’s what?” Colin blinked.
Michi sighed. “Where are you?”
“Halfway to Town.” Colin mentioned. “From Farmer Edward’s place.”
“Meet me in Town, then. Where are you headed?”
“The Market first, to buy food for Shiro. Then the Gym.”
“There’s a blue roofed stall in the market which sells fish. Come find me there.”
A soft click told Colin that Michi had closed the connection.
Colin glanced at Katrin.
“I’m coming too.” She declared.
***
Michi was still wearing her lab coat when they met her at the blue-roofed fish-seller. She eyed them both and said, “You’re slow.”
“It’s our first time to the Market. We weren’t sure where it was, or where this stall was.” Colin explained.
Michi pointed. “Canned tuna.”
“What?” Colin blinked.
“Buy that for Shiro and Raiki. They’re still young, and canned tuna is the best food for them right now.” Michi said. “It’s 10 Clira per can.”
Colin winced. “That’s expensive.”
Katrin frowned. “How do I know how much money I have?”
Colin and Michi both blinked. Michi answered. “Katrin… if you have to ask… I don’t think you have any money.”
“What?!” Katrin spluttered. “Don’t I have some money to start with?”
“Not unless you’ve earned some.” Michi said. “What about you, Colin?”
Colin held up the coins Farmer Edward gave him. “I had to weed a garden to get these.”
“An easy job, with Shiro to help you.” Michi said. 
Colin grimaced, and didn’t tell her that Shiro had been absent during his work.
“Five cans, please.” He told the fish-seller, giving him all the coins.
“Um… Colin…” Katrin said nervously.
Colin handed her two. “I owed you for helping me locate Shiro. We’re even.”
Katrin grinned. “Thanks.”
Colin gave one to Michi. “This is thanks for giving us our Comrades.”
Michi took it with a small smile and a small bow. “Let’s feed them at the lakeside. They’ll like it there.”
The lakeside was all the way across Town from the Market. It took them a while to get there, but Michi was right. The moment Shiro saw the lake, he seemed to light up and wagged his tail…
Wait a minute… wagged his… tail?!
“He’s got two tails.” Colin blinked. “A shorter one and a longer one.”
Shiro was wagging the shorter one. The longer one was still around Colin’s back.
“His tails can change length too.” Michi told him.
“What about Raiki?” Katrin asked.
“She’s only got one.” Michi said.
It was a beautiful place. There was a long stretch of green grass, and benches along it. Some people were fishing, though they caught old boots more than anything else.
Michi led them to an empty bench and sat with them. They opened the cans of tuna and let their Comrades eat.
“Michi, do you remember what I asked you?” Colin spoke up, as Shiro was eating.
“About Shiro’s traits?” Michi mused. “Touch your watch and think of wanting to know your Comrades’ stats.”
Colin tried it. A blue beam of light shone from his watch, and swept across Shiro. 
Then the watch projected a picture of Shiro in front of Colin. Above it were five tabs, currently opened to “Image”. The other four were “Abilities”, “Techniques”, “Skills” and “Records”. Under it was the label; ‘Shiro, M-5 Experimental Wolfcat Cub.’
“What’s ‘M-5’?” Colin asked.
“Just my code.” Michi said. “M-5 stand for ‘Michi-five’.  Raiki is M-4. Do you want to know about Traits or not?”
“Of course.”
“Then press that tab marked ‘abilities’.”
Colin pressed it. The whole projection changed.
 
(Author’s note: HP = Sta*2+Str, MP = Wis*2+Int)
 “What’s this?” he blinked.
“You’ll find out soon enough.” Michi said. “The important thing is this.” She pointed.
“Canine Loyalty?” Colin blinked. “What’s so important about that?”
Michi sighed. “Simply put, it means Shiro would normally follow you around like a puppy. He’s as loyal as a hound.”
“Then why did he run off like that?” Colin asked.
“Well, you said something about saving someone. And there’s this.” Michi pointed to another Trait.
“Independent?” Colin read. “What does that mean?”
“It means he can make his own decisions and choices without you.” Michi answered. “Even in battle.”
“In battle?!” Colin studied Shiro. “Isn’t that a bad thing?”
Michi simply pointed to a third trait.
“Analysis…?” Colin frowned. “What does THAT mean?”
“It means he knows how to think about a situation logically before making decisions.” Michi said. 
Katrin came over. “This is unfair.”
“What?” Colin blinked. “Why?”
Katrin pointed. “Shiro’s intelligence is incredibly high.”
Colin looked at the spot she pointed at, the bar that said ‘Int 18’. “Is it?”
Katrin gave him a flat look. “Not only is he very smart, he thinks fast.” She said, pointing to ‘Wit 14’. “And he even moves fast.” She pointed to ‘Spd 20’.
Colin was still blur. “So what does this all mean?”
Katrin knocked him on the head for that. “It means, Colin, that you’ve got a wolfcat that can fight without you telling him what to do!”
“I do?” Colin blinked.
Katrin groaned. She ticked off one finger. “He can make his own decisions.” 
She ticked off a second finger. “He’ll make good decisions because he’s so smart.” 
She ticked off a third. “He’ll make good decisions quickly because he also thinks fast.” 
She ticked off a fourth. “And whatever he decides, he’ll do it quickly too, because his speed is so high.”
“Oh.” Colin didn’t know what to say.
“If you’re fighting weak Wilds, Shiro might very well finish two fights in the time it takes for any other Comrade to make its first move.” Michi added. 
“What?!” Katrin protested. “That can’t be true! His hits can’t do much damage! Look at his strength! It’s so low!”
She pointed to the bar that said ‘Str 6’. “
In response, Michi pointed to the fourth trait.
“Feline… finesse…” Katrin’s eyes went wide. “Oh no. No way. You’ve got to be kidding.”
“What? What does it mean?” Colin had to ask.
Katrin’s face was pale. “It means, Colin, that Shiro uses his speed to attack, not just his strength.”
“Isn’t that good?” Colin asked.
“It’s brilliant!” Katrin protested. “It’s so good, it’s unfair!”
“But you have to be careful.” Michi added.
Colin frowned. “Why?”
Michi pointed to the bar that said ‘Sta 6’.
Katrin froze. “That’s crazy.”
“What?!” Colin burst out.
Katrin gave him a flat look. “That’s stamina. That’s Shiro’s defense and health.”
“What about it?”
Katrin pointed to the top bar, ‘HP 11/18’. “You see this? This is his hit points; his life. Colin, I’ve never seen a Starter Comrade with less than 25 maximum HP to begin with.”
Colin scratched his head. “So?”
Katrin let out a sigh.
“Just be careful not to let Shiro fight enemies too strong for him.” Michi advised. “As long as they can’t hit him, you’ll have nothing to worry about.”
“In other words, don’t fight anything that moves fast.” Katrin shook her head. “What about Raiki?”
“Raiki is more of a long range type.” Michi said. “She’s all about doing damage, and doing lots of it over a long period of time. Just don’t let her get caught in a close-range fight.”
Katrin opened Raiki’s abilities window. 

Katrin stared. “Michi… you really like speed and intelligence, don’t you…?”
“Obviously.” Michi smiled.
Katrin pointed. “What does this mean?”
She was pointing at the trait ‘Focused’.
“You know how ‘wit’ works with how fast your Comrade can perform some techniques?” Michi asked. “Especially the powerful ones or long-ranged ones?”
“Yes.” Katrin said, frowning.
“Raiki uses Intelligence in that. The same way Shiro uses Speed in his attacks.”
Katrin gaped. “Wow!”
Michi pointed to the fourth Trait. “Efficient means she’ll be using less MP to do her techniques.”
“WOW!” Katrin jumped.
“But like I said… don’t let her get caught in a close fight.” Michi reminded her. “She’s not too good at that right now.”
“Right, right…” Katrin nodded sagely. “Michi, these Comrades are brilliant.”
Michi burst out laughing. She just raised her face to the sky and roared with laughter. 
Colin found himself exchanging blur glances with Katrin.
Michi went on laughing to the sky, heedless of everyone staring at her.
“Uh…” Colin trailed off.
“Michi?” Katrin blinked.
Michi went on laughing.
After a while, people got bored of wondering what the joke was and went on about their business while Michi kept laughing. Colin was scratching his head and Katrin was sitting down with a curious look on her face when Michi finally stopped.
“You two…” Michi wiped tears from her face. She had been laughing really hard. “You have no idea how hard it was…”
Colin shifted uncomfortably. “Uh… not really.”
“It must have been terribly hard.” Katrin offered weakly, but it was clear that she didn’t think ‘terribly hard’ was enough to describe what Michi went through.
Michi finally just sat down and stared at the lake. “Look, you two… your Comrades are happy with you, and to me, that’s the most important thing. Just promise me you’ll never treat them badly.”
“I won’t.” Katrin said fervently.
“Me neither.” Colin added.
***
They left Michi still sitting there, staring at the lake. 
“She’s really… dedicated… isn’t she?” Colin said, as they headed towards the gym.
“I can’t imagine what it was like for her to give us Raiki and Shiro.” Katrin said softly. “It must have been painful, after all the effort she put in to breed them just right.”
“Nami seemed to think that her breedings never do well.” Colin remembered.
“Nami must be an idiot.” Katrin replied. “Or else the wrong people got them. Just imagine what would happen if the person who got Raiki tried to tell her to attack with her paws… or asked Shiro to stay still and defend himself.”
“That would be really dumb.” Colin figured.
“But that’s also two of the first things new Travelers would do.” Katrin said. “And you can guess what they’d say about their Comrades after that.”
“Useless.” Colin didn’t need to guess.
“I don’t think Shiro would even listen to a Traveler who told him to stay still and defend.” Katrin added. “Independent and smart, remember?”
“True.” Colin agreed. “Shiro’s good… but I kinda feel useless.”
“Huh?” Katrin blinked. “Why?”
“He doesn’t need me.” Colin explained. “He can do everything by himself.”
Katrin thought about that, and looked from Shiro to Colin intently. 
At last, she said, “Remember what Michi said, Colin?”
“About what?” Colin asked.
Katrin gave him a wry smile. “The reason she gave Shiro to you wasn’t because he needed you.
“It was because you needed him.”
Phase 05: Option
The girl at the front desk recognized Colin the minute he and Katrin stepped into the Gym. “You’re back! And you’ve brought your Comrade!”
“Nice to meet you too.” Katrin said, a bit put off about not being greeted.
“Oh! Sorry!” the girl at the counter offered her hand. “I’m Dani, receptionist of Sunshine Gym. You are…?”
“Katrin.” She answered.
“Nice to meet you.” Dani turned to Colin. “And you?”
“Colin.” He replied.
“Well, then, what can I do for you two?” she asked.
Colin paused and was surprised to find Katrin looking at him. “I don’t really know. We just got started, and Nami said to come here.”
“Just got started?!” Dani stared. “It’s been hours since today’s new Travelers have been through here! Most of them came back with their second, third, or even fourth  Comrades by now!”
“That must have been Larry.” Colin figured.
“You have a lot of catching up to do.” Dani turned to Katrin. “Do you know how to command Comrades in battle and bond with new Comrades?”
“I’ve seen someone do both.” Colin answered. “But I haven’t tried it myself.”
Dani turned to Katrin.
“You too?”
Katrin shook her head. “I battled a few Wilds earlier. I also tried capturing a Flying Squirrel and managed to defeat it, but the thing ran off the moment I touched it.”
“That means it wasn’t willing to bond with you.” Dani nodded. “Flying Squirrels are rather picky. Try something that’s naturally friendly, like Pinkbits or Lynxmice. Or something similar to your first Comrade; Wilds tend to prefer Travelers with Comrades of the same kind as themselves. I think it’s because they believe you’ll know how to take care of them better.”
Katrin glanced at Colin. “Where do we find cat-types around here?”
“Here…?” Dani scratched her head. “The forest south of here, perhaps. But you have to be careful of giant ants. They’ll eat anything.”
That forest, Colin realized, was where they had just been an hour ago. “Aren’t the Wilds there rather strong?”
“They are. I don’t think you should try to go there until your Comrades are level 15 or higher.”
“Level 15?” Colin blinked. “How do you know what level they are?”
“Check their abilities tab.” Dani said. “Look at the total stats. We count 10 total stats as one level. So level 15 means your Comrade has more than 150 total stats.”
“Shiro and Raiki are only at level 7.” Colin realized.
“Why don’t you try easier places first?” Dani asked. “Get a few different kinds, try to get a feel for fighting Wilds with Comrades.”
“Where do you suggest?” Colin asked.
“The Colorbit Hills behind the Comrade Home is a good place. Plenty of Colorbits and Flying Squirrels there. Or hunt Lynxmice at one of the farms around here. Do you know any farmer willing to give you a job?”
Colin and Katrin exchanged glances. They grinned.
***
“Back already?” Farmer Edward blinked.
“We were told to try battling Lynxmice.” Katrin explained.
“Mice?” Edward laughed. “Well, that’s a good start. Graybark’s watching the barn for now, but it would be nice to give him a break. Tell you what… why don’t you two go hunt Lynxmice there? I’ll pay you 10cr for every catch.”
“What do you mean by ‘catch’?” Colin asked.
Farmer Edward gave them some sacks. “Defeat them so that they can’t move, then just dump them into the sacks.”
“Won’t they run away?” Colin asked. “Don’t Wilds do that when they’re not willing to bond with you?”
“That’s right.” Edward agreed. “But Lynxmice would bond with anybody. You’ll have no trouble. Look, I’ve got a few barns. Why don’t you and Katrin take one each? Call me when you’ve caught ten of those Lynxmice.”
“Ten…” Colin thought about it. “Why not?”
Edward brought them to his barns; there were four of them, all side by side. “Good luck, you two.”
Katrin took one sack and went into the first barn. Colin took another sack and went into the second.
The barn had three huge heaps of hay on the left, Edward’s truck and some repair tools on the right, and a few empty stalls farther ahead. 
“Well...” Colin paused. “What do we do?”
“Yip.” Shiro said, sniffing the floor. He followed a trail and then pounced on the the nearest haystack. “Yip! Yip!”
A Lynxmouse jumped out and Shiro chased it at once. After a brief scuffle and a quick bite, the fight was over. The Lynxmouse stood very still in Shiro’s jaws, eyeing them both fearfully. Colin opened the sack and Shiro dropped the Lynxmouse in it. 
“Yip.” Shiro wagged his tail at Colin.
“Right. I’ll look for them too.” Colin said, and picked up a nearby pitchfork. He started poking around the hay.
A Lynxmouse shot out on his second poke. Shiro dashed up to it, but it ran to one side. Shiro spun, and slammed his longer tail on the Lynxmouse’s head. 
That tail seemed to have hit hard. The Lynxmouse stumbled, then seemed to have trouble standing up.
In the meantime, Shiro took a quick bite and the Lynxmouse stopped moving. Colin opened the sack; Shiro dropped the Wild into it.
This went on for a while. Colin poked hay, and Shiro went on fighting Lynxmice, using his teeth, his claws, or his tail very cleverly. It didn’t take long for them to reach ten catches. 
“Looks like we’re done.” Colin said, peering into the sack.
The Lynxmice were huddling together, as if trying to hide. Colin counted them easily, and nodded. They had ten.
Farmer Edward was amazed. “That was quick. It hasn’t even been three minutes!” 
“Ten mice in two minutes.” Colin said. “It wasn’t hard.”
Michi was right. Shiro really could do it all on his own without any orders from Colin at all. Every fight in there was over before Colin could say a word about what Shiro could do. “I think Katrin might be done by now too.”
She wasn’t.
“I have six.” She said, poking at the hay. There was only one haystack in this barn, and she was poking at it methodically.
Another Lynxmouse dashed out. “Raiki! Sonic Shot!”
Raiki gathered up sonic energy in her mouth, took aim, and let it out. The blast hit the Lynxmouse in the back, and it fell  at once.
Katrin stuffed it into the bag. “Seven, now.”
Colin watched her and shook his head. Michi was right. Shiro would have beaten the Lynxmouse before Katrin even called Raiki’s name. “Can I help?”
Edward and Katrin exchanged glances. Edward shrugged. “Sure. Why not?”
“Shiro…” Colin said.
Shiro gave him a quick nod, and trotted over to Raiki.
“Yip.” Shiro said.
“Mew?” Raiki blinked.
“Yip. Yip, yip, yip, yip, yip.” Said Shiro.
“Mew.” Raiki ran over to the near end of the haystack.
Shiro ran over to the far end of the haystack.
“What’s going on?” Edward asked.
Katrin gave Colin a worried glance. Colin just shrugged.
“Yip!” Shiro called.
“Mew.” Raiki answered, and backed off some more.
“Yip!” Shiro barked.
“Mew.” Raiki replied, and went the rest of the way to the very doors of the barn.
“Yip. Yip, yip!” Shiro said. Then, he glanced at Colin.
“Uh…” Colin glanced about. “We might want to step back. Far back.”
Edward and Katrin had no idea what was going on, but they obliged. They went all the way to the wall. 
“Ready.” Colin told Shiro.
“Yip.” Shiro answered. He turned to Raiki. “Yip?”
“Mew.” Raiki replied.
Shiro took a deep breath…
And howled.
***
It took ten seconds.
Shiro’s Howl hit the haystack with ripples of sonic force. The moment it hit, the sound waves went right into the hay, and shrieking Lynxmice started running away. 
First a handful, then a dozen, then a whole flood of Lynxmice scurried out from the hay and ran away from Shiro, towards the big main door.
Raiki was waiting for them. The blue kitten was gathering sonic energy… but not in a simple bolt. In fact, Raiki gathered enough power to make the air shake like a curtain in the wind. 
When Raiki released that power, the sonic force went out like a wave. It slammed into the stream of Lynxmice trying to get away from Shiro and swept through them without slowing. 
Every Lynxmouse it passed over simply dropped and stopped moving. The Sonic Wave didn’t stop until it hit the haystack with a splash of hay.
And then it was over.
***
For a moment, nobody said anything. Nobody dared to say anything.
“Yip.” Shiro barked happily. “Yip, yip, yip!”
“Mew!” Raiki was delighted. “Meeowwrl!”
Katrin started counting the Lynxmice and loading them into her sack. “Sixteen… seventeen… eighteen…”
“Wow.” Farmer Edward said at last.
“What was that?!” Colin wanted to know.
“It’s called a Sonic Wave. I had no idea that blue kitten could do something like that.” Edward said. 
“Twenty-four, twenty-five, twenty-six…” Katrin went on counting. “Twenty-seven, twenty-eight, twenty-nine… thirty… Colin, my sack’s full.”
Colin handed her his sack and she went on counting. “Ten inside, so that’s forty so far, and this makes… forty-one, forty-two…”
“Can they do that again?” Edward asked.
“I’m not sure.” Colin said, and turned to Shiro.
Shiro shook his head, and nodded towards  Raiki.
Raiki was slumped down tiredly.
“I think they’ll need to rest first. Maybe get some food.” Colin frowned. “I only have one more can of tuna with me. If you can pay us for this, we can go and buy more food.”
“Fifty-eight, fifty-nine…” Katrin went on counting. “Sixty. Farmer Edward, we need another sack.”
Edward handed her a third sack, and she went on counting. “Sixty-one, sixty-two…”
They waited until she got them all and handed the three sacks to Farmer Edward. “Sixty-eight, in total.”
“I owe you guys six hundred and eighty Clira.” Edward calculated. “Three hundred and forty each. Wow. I’ve never paid anyone so much for ten minutes of work before.”
Katrin nudged Colin as Farmer Edward started counting coins. She whispered. “Thanks, Colin. That was brilliant.”
“I didn’t do anything. Shiro did it all.” Colin whispered back.
“I know. But offering to help was your idea.”
Edward gave them the coins, then seemed to think really hard about something.
“Is it too much?” Colin asked. “Can you really afford to spend this much…?”
Edward blinked and shook his head. “Don’t worry about that. But I was thinking… do you guys have a house here in Nakama World? A place for your Comrades to rest while you’re awake? A base of operations?”
“We just started tonight.” Colin reminded him. “We’re still trying to earn enough money to buy food. I haven’t even thought of buying a house.”
Edward nodded. “Well… since you don’t have one yet… I was wondering… if you’d like to stay here.”
“Here?” Katrin blinked. “In the barn?!”
Edward blinked. “No, of course not. I mean… on the farm. I’m already expanding the land, and the thing is, I’ve got trouble keeping track of all those Comrades and what needs doing. So…”
“You want us to join your farm.” Katrin said. “To help you expand and run it.”
“Well… yes.” Edward said. “We can share the profits.”
“But aren’t we supposed to be Travelers?” Colin asked. “How are we supposed to Travel if we’re stuck on a farm?”
“Actually…” Edward paused. “Most Travelers come home every once in a while. I’m not asking you to stay here forever, just… do some work around here, and… take over once a while so that I can have a break.”
“Ah. So that’s what you really want.” Katrin laughed. 
“It’s a fair deal!” Edward protested. “You even have space for habitats and training equipment. We can expand the house as well as the farmlands, so that you each have a few rooms all to yourselves.”
“A few rooms…” Katrin glanced at Colin. “What do you think?”
“We’re supposed to be Travelers.” Colin reminded her.
“But having a place to come back to would be nice, don’t you think?” Katrin pointed out. “We can bring back seeds and Comrades from all over the place to improve the farm! Between the three of us, we can make it the biggest food supplier of Sunshine Town!”
“But we’re Travelers!”
Katrin sighed. “We do need a place for our Comrades.”
“I thought there were caravans, or something.”
“There are… but you might as well just use a truck.” Katrin said. “It’s not the same… it’s just…”
Colin looked at her, then at Shiro.
“Yip.” Shiro said softly, sadly.
And went quiet.
***
“What is it?” Katrin asked, when Colin fell silent.
Colin didn’t say anything.
“Colin? What’s wrong?” Katrin was getting worried now. “What are you thinking?”
“It’s… nothing.” Colin answered, turning away.
Katrin glanced at Edward, but Edward didn’t know what was going on either.
“It’s okay, Katrin.” Colin said.
“Okay? What’s okay?” Katrin asked.
“Staying here.”
Katrin beamed. “You mean it? We’ll stay with Edward?”
“You can stay here if you like.” Colin said at last.
Katrin’s smile slipped when she realized he hadn’t included himself. “Wait… what about you?”
Colin turned to her then. 
“I am a Traveler.”
Phase 06: Preparations
They stood there looking at each other for a minute.
“Well…” Edward said at last. “You can stay at least one day, right? You can leave Shiro here when you wake up. He’ll have more space to roam around than he would in a room at the Comrade Home.”
“One day sounds great.” Colin nodded. “I’m sure there’s still a lot of work we can do around the farm before we go.”
“And you can come stay every time you drop by Sunshine Town, can’t you?” Edward added.
“I can.”
“And if we happen to need stuff from other towns… seeds, Comrades, small items… you can bring them back for us, right? We’ll even pay you.” Katrin said at last.
“Why not?” Colin asked.
Katrin took a deep breath then. “Well… why don’t you just join then?”
“It’s not the same.” Colin said. “I’m not sure how to explain it, but it’s not the same. If I do favors for you while I travel, it’s for you, not for me, even though you’re paying me. But if I join the farm, then… well… it’s not the same.”
“How is it different?” Katrin asked.
“It is.” Colin said. “I don’t know how to explain, but it is.”
“He’s right.” Edward said suddenly. “It is different.”
“How?” Katrin asked once more.
Edward shook his head. “I’m not sure how to explain it either. I think it’s a matter of focus, and obligation.”
“What’s that?” Katrin wondered.
“Obligation? It’s… um… responsibility. What you should do.” Farmer Edward said. “As a Farmer, he would be more concerned about taking care of the farm. As a Traveler, he’d be more concerned about continuing his Journey.”
“Oh.” Katrin thought about that. “But I’m joining the farm, and I want to continue my Journey too.”
“Maybe you can, Kat.” Colin said slowly. “But I can’t.”
Katrin didn’t look happy.
***
Colin turned away and said to Shiro. “Can you catch just one more Lynxmouse?”
“Yip.” Shiro nodded, and went sniffing about the hay.
“One more? For what? Isn’t that enough money for you?” Katrin asked, frowning.
“That’s not it.” Colin answered.
A Lynxmouse leapt out of the hay. Shiro pounced on it and had it down in an instant.
Colin went over to it and picked it up. The orange mouse looked at him and sat very still in his hand. Colin held it up in his palm, so that it could jump off and run if it wanted.
It didn’t run. It just sniffed at him curiously.
“Hello.” Colin said. “What’s your name?”
“Mweak.” The Lynxmouse said.
“I can’t pronounce that.” Colin told it. “How about I call you ‘Meek’?”
“Meek.” The Lynxmouse replied. “Meek. Meek.”
Colin smiled. “Let’s go register at the Comrade Home.”
Katrin stared. “You’re bonding a Lynxmouse?! When you have a Wolfcat?! But…”
“Shiro’s not going to eat Meek, Katrin. He’s not even going to chase Meek unless they’re playing.” Colin told her. “Lynxmice are good at finding food, right?”
“Yes.” Edward agreed. “Their noses and ears are very sharp.”
“Then I should bring one along as a Comrade.” Colin told them. “To find food or to track things if I need to.”
“But it’s a mouse!” Katrin protested.
Colin smiled at her then. “See? That’s one more difference between a Farmer and a Traveler. A Farmer would want to get rid of Lynxmice as much as he could. A Traveler thinks of how it can help him in his Journey.”
Katrin said nothing. She didn’t say a word as Colin took Shiro and Meek to the gate of Edward’s Farm.
“I’ll have a room ready for you and your Comrades when you get back later.” Edward said. “Just call me before you come back, or if you want more work.”
“I will. See you later, Edward.” Colin waved. “See you later, Katrin.”
Katrin waved, but she still said nothing as Colin left the farm and headed for the Comrade Home.
***
Nami was there when Colin brought Meek in.
She smiled. “Well! It’s about time you found a second Comrade! Just follow me and we’ll have this Lynxmouse registered right away.”
Colin followed her to the Registration Room, exchanging glances with Shiro as they made their way there.
“Yip.” Shiro said. He sounded confident in what they were about to do.
Colin agreed. Nami, though, paused as she let them into the room. “Colin, are you sure you want that Lynxmouse? Have you even checked its stats?”
“She’ll be fine.” Colin answered.
“Are you sure? Why don’t you check, just in case?” Nami pressed. With a sigh, Colin tapped his watch and called up Meek’s profile.
Meek’s image was tagged ‘(Tamed), Common Lynxmouse Juvenile.’ Colin frowned. “What does ‘Tamed’ and ‘Juvenile’ mean? Where’s Meek’s name?”
Nami shook her head. “You can’t name her until after you two register. Tamed means that you’ve touched the Wild and it’s willing to bond with you. A Tame animal is willing to follow you as you ask, but it’s not officially bonded as a Comrade yet.”
“And ‘Juvenile’?” Colin asked.
“That’s it’s growth stage. Comrades start from Cubs or Hatchlings, then go to Juvenile before becoming Adults.” Nami explained. “Juvenile means it’s still young and not yet fully grown.”
“Her.” Colin corrected. “Meek is a ‘her’. Not an ‘it’.”
“Her.” Nami nodded. “Check her abilities.”
Colin tapped the tab.

 “Uhoh.” Nami pointed to the ‘Str 1’ bar. “This is the weakest creature I’ve ever seen.”
“She’s only level 2.” Colin replied. “And there’s no reason to worry about strength.”
He pointed to ‘Spd 5’ and ‘Feline Finesse’ trait. “I think Meek might actually be useful in a fight.”
When Meek reached level 7, she’d be only half as fast as Shiro, but then, Katrin said nothing was as fast as Shiro. 
Still, there were other things he didn’t understand. Colin pointed “What’s this?”
“Packrat…” Nami read. “This girl knows how to store more things in less space.”
“And these two?” Colin pointed to the other two Traits.
“ ‘Hiding Sense’ means it can find hiding places more quickly than others… whether it’s a place to hide, or whether it’s the hiding place of something else.” Nami told him. “ ‘Stealthy’ means she can move in ways that are not so noticeable. More quietly, and less obviously, so people might miss seeing her.”
“That’s good.” Colin said. “I’d rather not let her get attacked in the first place. I want to bring her along to find things, not get into fights.”
“Well, then, I’d say you have what you’re looking for.” Nami said. “Place your foot next to hers on the plate, please.” 
***
The next time Colin opened Meek’s profile, her image was tagged ‘Meek, Common Lynxmouse Juvenile’.
“Welcome to the Journey, Meek.” Colin told the Lynxmouse.
“Meek.” She replied. “Meweek. Mik, mik, mik, mik.”
“Don’t worry about being useful.” Colin reassured her. “I picked you for a reason, and I know you’ll do the job well.”
“Mik.” She said, and scurried up to Colin’s right shoulder.
Now with a wolfcat on one shoulder and a Lynxmouse on the other, Colin entered Town once more that night.
Dani was talking to Henry when Colin arrived back at the Gym. Colin eyed Henry and noted his progress.
Henry had two Lynxmice and a Redbit. He also wore a brown leather backpack, and a red cap which seemed to have a flip-down magnifier scope built in on one side.
I have to go and get those. Colin thought.
The wall behind him opened again, and a sharp voice asked, “Henry! How long are you going to take? Are you ready?”
Colin and Henry turned at the same time to see Rita standing there with her own Comrades and travel gear.
“Rita! I’m almost done…” Henry began.
Rita, though, had seen Colin and seemed to have forgotten about Henry entirely. “Colin? What happened to Katrin? Weren’t you two Travelling together?”
“Um…” Colin began.
Rita talked so fast, Colin couldn’t get a word in. “I mean, that’s what we do, right? Jonah, Alicia and Larry are going all over the place together, and you and Katrin were going south, so I paired up with Henry, because I couldn’t find Phillip and… Colin? Why are you looking at me like that?”
“Actually…”
Rita fired out words like a machine gun. “Well, whatever it is, I don’t see her anywhere, and you seem to be alone now. You know, if Jonah, Alicia and Larry can get along like that and do so well, we should band together as a trio also!”
“Rita…”
Rita went on like a train. “The first thing you need to do is get travel gear! Get a backpack, and a cap with a mag-scope! And buy food for your Comrades… you’ve brought two… another Lynxmouse?! Oh dear…. But better than nothing. Is that your Starter Comrade, by the way?”
“My…”
“Fancy that, you and Henry both starting with Lynxmice! You know, I was thinking of starting with one myself, but the thing is…”
Colin stopped listening to Rita for a moment and glanced at Henry. “Is she always like this?”
“Always.” Henry said gloomily. “I can’t get more than a word in edgewise. She can go on like that all night, I think.”
“And did you know, I heard of someone who managed to raise a Lynxmouse so strong, it could defeat lions?!” Rita was saying. “I can’t remember the name of that thing… what was it…? Let me think. Oh, forget it. I’m never very good with names. You know, my mom’s brilliant at names, but I…”
“Are you really going to Travel with her?” Colin asked Henry.
“I already said I would.” Henry said. “Before I found out she was a chatterbox.”
“Where are you guys going, anyway?” Colin asked.
“North, to Riverside Town, using the road that follows the river. They’re holding a Treasure Hunt tonight, something simple enough for beginners.” Henry said. “Lynxmice, remember?”
“Sounds good.” Colin agreed. “But… Rita?”
“She offered to help me out all the way to Hot Sands Village.” Henry told him. “My elder brother’s based there. He wants me to get there on my own before he teaches me how to raise really strong Comrades.”
“So you’re really heading to Hot Sands, and this Riverside Town is on the way.” Colin thought about it. “Well, I think I’ll go with you as far as Riverside, at least. I’m curious about the Treasure Hunt.”
“Sure. Get your stuff together and meet us back here. I don’t think she’s going to stop talking any time soon.” Henry said.
Colin nodded and said to Rita, “I’m off to the market to get some gear.”
Rita nodded and went on talking to Henry and Dani, not even slowing down. “But then, she said ‘Oh, no, I’m Daisy. That’s Jasmine!’, and I was so embarrassed…”
The last thing Colin heard before the wall closed behind him was Dani’s groan.
***
Colin stopped by a shop at the Market called “Traveling Gear” and asked the shopkeeper what he’d need for a trip to Riverside.
“Just your Comrades, really.” The man said. “You can get there in a couple of hours if you take the road by the river.”
“But I’m Traveling with two other Travelers, and they both have backpacks and caps with mag-scopes.” Colin protested.
“Backpacks are useful to carry things around. Everybody could use one, not just Travelers. Caps too.” The man shrugged. “You should get those even if you’re not planning to leave town any time soon.”
Colin sighed. “What else should I get? I’m aiming to go for a Treasure Hunt.”
“The Golden Watch hunt in Riverside?” the man said knowingly. “I think your Lynxmouse is really all you’re going to need. But for everything else…”
The shopkeeper brought Colin around his store. “Do you intend to travel far, and through rough terrain?”
“Uh… everywhere.” Colin replied.
“Everywhere…?” He stared. “You’re new, right? White badge and all?”
“Uh… yeah.”
He shook his head, thinking hard. “How much money are you willing to spend on all your gear today?”
“Three hundred Clira.” Colin replied easily enough. He wanted the other 40 for food.
“300cr…” the shopkeeper grunted. “I think this would be best.”
He handed Colin a padded backpack made of thick gray material that looked like stone but felt like plastic. “That’s 100cr by itself, but it’s padded for long journeys, made of strong waterproof material, and could be mistaken for a stone from far.”
Then he brought Colin to the headwear section, but ignored the caps and hats. He handed Colin a straw hat with a wide brim and a light strap.
“There’s no mag-scope.” Colin protested. “It’s just a simple straw hat.”
“That’s the best for shade.” The man told him. “Look, there are better things to put over your eyes if you want scopes and sensors. Hats are for shelter or shade, and there are better things for shelter. What I’m offering you here is good for shade and lacks the biggest problem caps have.”
“What’s that?” Colin wanted to know.
“Heat.” He replied. “Caps get hot if you wear them too long. This hat won’t.”
“And how much does this hat cost?”
“5cr.” The man told him.
“That’s cheap.” Colin nodded. “I’ll take it.”
The shopkeeper handed Colin something else. “This isn’t so cheap, but if I’m Traveling to dangerous places and I want to see stuff, this is what I’d take.”
Colin looked at it curiously. It seemed like a silver frame around clear blue glass. It looked a lot like Michi’s visor.
“Put it on over your eyes. That triangular part goes over your nose.” The shopkeeper advised.
Colin put it on and felt it stick to his face the way his badge stuck to his vest. He looked at the shopkeeper through the blue glass. “Now what?”
“Tap it and think of magnifying.” 
Colin did just that, and the visor presented him with options – 2x, 5x, 10x, 50x, 100x. “Which one do I pick?”
“Try 2x. That’s two times magnification.”
Colin grinned. “So, 100x should mean…”
He suddenly found himself looking at a huge black pillar over a brown background. “Whoa!”
That pillar vanished and he was suddenly looking at a liquid white surface. “Colin?”
White faded and the surface turned dark brown. That’s his eye… Colin realized. That black pillar was a hair… Cool!
Colin tapped the frame again and switched back to normal. “What do you call this?” 
“It’s a Lina Visor.” The shopkeeper said. “It’s got tinted shading, mag-scope, thermal vision, nightvision, recording and playback.”
“Very cool.” Colin said.
“It’s also a bit expensive.” The guy said. “It’s 160cr.”
“Wow…” Colin whistled. But… but… the things it could do! And it even looked cool!
“And you should get a utility belt.” The shopkeeper added. “Climbing gear, raincoat, gloves and multitool.”
The raincoat went into the left side pocket. Most of the climbing gear went into the backpack itself, except one length of thin rope which went to the utility belt. The gloves (strong leather) and the multitool went onto the belt too. 
“All these together should cost about 400cr.” The shopkeeper said. “But since you’re buying it all, I’ll sell the whole set at 350. What do you say?”
Colin winced. “Sorry. I can’t afford that.”
“Come on! It’s a worthwhile deal! Everything here should last you a long time!” 
“But I really don’t have enough money.” Colin said. “And I need to buy food for my Comrades too.”
“340, then? I’m practically giving you the gloves free…”
Colin took out the climbing gear. “I don’t think I’ll be needing this today.” He took out the raincoat. “This can only shelter me. My Comrades would be soaking meanwhile. I’d rather find a place to shelter with them or get soaked with them.” Then, he looked at the gloves and multitool. “You know, I don’t think I really need those either…”
“290!” the shopkeeper cut in. “Backpack, visor, hat, belt, gloves and multitool, worth 320cr. I’ll sell the set at 290.”
Colin thought about it a while more.
“Okay.”
Phase 07: Going North
Henry whistled when he saw Colin come in wearing his hat, visor and backpack. “You look like a mixed bag.”
“A what?” Colin blinked.
“A mix of high-tech and low-tech.” Henry said. “That hat’s totally simple and that visor is totally techno.”
Colin shrugged. “I didn’t get the visor for how I look with it. I got it for how I see with it.”
Rita spotted him and Colin wished she hadn’t. “Colin! There you are! You’ve been away so long! You know, I was just telling Dani, maybe Katrin’s run off with Phillip! And…”
“When are we going?” Colin said as fast as he could.
Rita blinked as if surprised to find someone able to say more than one word in the middle of her chatter and then answered, “Right now.”
There were two ways to get to Riverside, she explained, even as she led them north. One was to take the ferry down the river. Because the river came from the lake, they could follow it all the way to the sea by ferry.
The other was the road they were going to take.
“It’s a nice way to journey, walking beside the river and all…” she said, thoughtfully. “You know, I once…”
“Does the road go straight to Riverside?” Colin asked Henry, as Rita went on and on about what she did around rivers before.
“As long as we stick to it, yes. It branches off in the middle, and I don’t know where that road goes to, but as long as we follow the river, we’ll be fine.” Henry said. Then, he glanced at Shiro and Meek on Colin’s shoulders. “What does your wolfcat eat, by the way?”
“Shiro? I’ve been feeding him canned tuna.” Colin said. “Because it’s softer. Shiro’s still a cub.”
Henry, relax, he’s not going to eat your Comrades…
“And what about your Lynxmouse? What have you been feeding her?” Henry asked.
Colin blinked. “How did you know Meek was a ‘her’?”
Henry pointed. “Look at her tail. It’s curly.”
Colin glanced at Meek. It was true.
“You see my two Lynxmice?” Henry pointed again. “Chip is male. His tail is straight. Biscuit is female. Her tail is like Meek’s – curly.”
“Wow. You really know Lynxmice.” Colin said.
“I’ve liked Lynxmice for a long time. My brother used to let me play with his.” Henry said. 
“Your brother sounds like a nice guy.” Colin said. “My elder sister never lets me touch her ship.”
“You have a sister?” Rita jumped in. “You know, I have a sister too. Total chatterbox, she just never stops talking! You know, one time, she…”
Colin and Henry shut up and didn’t say a word as Rita went on and on about her sister (who sounded exactly like her) all the way to where the road branched off.

By that time, Colin was wishing he’d found earplugs somewhere. He glanced at Henry, who also looked rather tired of the chatter. He glanced at Rita, who looked like she was only just getting started.
Henry had two Lynxmice and a Redbit. Rita had an Arachnid and that walking plant.
Colin thought about that. Mice… rabbit… wolfcat… spider… walking plant… hmm.
Colin gave Henry a sideways glance.
Henry too, was giving Colin a sideways glance.
“Hey, Henry.” He said mildly.
“Hey, Colin.” Henry said, sounding just as neutral.
“I’ve been thinking.” Colin went on.
“Me too.” Henry said.
“Thinking? You know, sometimes, my mom says it’s not good to think too much…” Rita started off on a whole different topic at once.
“Want to race?” Colin asked Henry.
Henry grinned.
Rita stopped when they stopped, and stared at them both as they arranged their Comrades in a straight line. “What are you two doing?”
“It’s a race.” Colin told her.
“Oh! A race!” Rita put her Comrades on the line too. “You know, the first race I ever…”
“Ready?” Colin asked Henry.
“Too ready. Set?” Henry asked back.
Colin nodded and took a deep breath.
At the same time, both of them shouted “Go!”
And ran for their lives.
***
“Hey, you two! Wait for me!” Rita yelped. “My Comrades can’t keep up with yours! You’re going to leave me behind!”
Colin grinned. Exactly.
That was the reason for their race in the first place. After one hour of non-stop chatter, he and Henry had both reached their limit.
“Go, Tomato!” Henry called to his Redbit, although it was already clear that the red bunny wouldn’t win the ‘race’.
The Redbit was the fastest of Henry’s Comrades, but it was no match for Shiro. Already the little white wolfcat was leaving Colin, Henry and the Lynxmice far behind. The Redbit had only covered half that distance.
But it didn’t really matter. The important thing was that Rita’s Arachnid and walking plant were falling farther and farther behind, and with them, Rita and all her chatter.
They passed Jonah, Alicia and Larry on the way, all three staring as they dashed by. Larry called to him. “Hey, Colin, are you STILL chasing that white wolfcat?!”
Colin was too busy running to reply. 
***
In a minute, Shiro was getting too far ahead to see without using his visor at 2x. “Shiro! Slow down!” 
Shiro was too far ahead to hear him. Colin started to get worried. How do I…?
Then he remembered what Edward did. Colin tapped his watch. “Shiro! Slow down!”
Ahead, the little white spot slowed.
Henry stared at Colin for a moment, then tried it also. “Tomato! Wait for us!”
His red bunny slowed down too. Henry, Colin realized, learnt things quickly. He was also getting tired quickly. “We need a place to rest. Somewhere Rita wouldn’t find us.”
Henry pointed. Up ahead was the Riverside Comrade Home.
***
When Rita arrived at the Comrade Home five minutes later, she asked around for two boys with three Lynxmice, a Redbit and a wolfcat.
The breeders there checked around, but all of them agreed, none of them had seen those two boys. 
“Are those the ones you’re looking for?” one of the breeder nurses pointed out the front door.
“No…” Rita said. “That’s Jonah, Larry and Alicia. But they’ll do. Thanks again.”
“You’re welcome.” The breeders watched her go.
Rita joined up with Jonah and started talking to Alicia about her hair. 
Colin and Henry watched them disappear down the road and sighed with relief. “That’s good.”
“Hey! You two!” the chief breeder found them. “What are you doing behind the Home?”
They jumped. “Um… well… we…”
“You were hiding from that girl, weren’t you?” she asked them, her mouth twisting. There was an orange bear in her arms, twice the size of the Starter Comrades, that kept pawing the air in front of them.
She ignored it, fixating them with a serious look.
Colin gulped. Henry glanced at him and tried to answer. “Uh… well…”
“Why didn’t you just tell her that you wanted to part ways?” she questioned.
Colin and Henry exchanged glances. “I don’t think she would listen.” Colin said at last.
“Did you try?” the Riverside chief breeder asked.
“She was talking so much, we couldn’t say anything.” Henry told her. “We just couldn’t take it any more.”
The chief breeder shook her head. “Still… it’s not nice to just leave her behind. She was almost crying, you know.”
They started feeling bad at that point. “She was…?”
“Or maybe it was just sweat.” The chief paused. “You should go and apologize to her. If she’s doing something you don’t like, you should tell her about it.”
“We can try. But I don’t think she’ll let us.” Henry answered.
“Try.” The chief breeder advised. “Just try.”
***
They walked in silence all the way to the town.
“Do you really think we should…?” Henry asked, as they entered the town.
“I don’t know, Henry.” Colin admitted. “But we can try.”
“But you’re asking if it can be done. I’m asking if it should be done.” Henry said. “Even if we can do it… should we?”
“Why not?” Colin questioned.
“Because it makes it seem like we did something wrong.” Henry told him. “But all we did was race.”
“We did leave her behind.” Colin told him. “After agreeing to come here with her.”
“But she never stops talking!” Henry said. “I couldn’t stand any more. If you didn’t suggest racing, I would have run off.”
“We could have asked her to stop talking.” Colin said.
Henry paused. “I don’t think she ever will.”
“Me neither.” Colin agreed. “But… we could have tried. The breeder said she was almost crying.”
Henry paused. “Do you really believe that? The breeder also said it could have been sweat. She was running too.”
“I don’t know if it was.” Colin said. “But just in case, I think it’s better to apologize.”
“Fine.” Henry shook his head. “But if she talks too much for us to do it, I’m not going to try a second time.”
Colin took a deep breath. “Meek? Track Rita please.”
Meek found the trail easily and led them all the way to the Town Square. There was a huge crowd there. A big sign on the stage in the middle said ‘The Golden Watch’, and showed a gold version of their Traveler Watches.
Rita was at the back row with Jonah, Alicia and Larry. She was talking to Alicia non-stop.
“Rita.” Colin nudged her.
Rita turned, blinked at him and said, “Oh. Hi.”
And then she went on talking to Alicia.
“Forget it.” Henry threw up his hands. “There’s no point apologizing to her.”
Colin tried again. “Rita, we’re…”
Rita ignored him. Henry shook his head and folded his arms.
Colin glanced at Shiro. 
Shiro looked at him. “Yip.” He said softly.
Colin knew it then. The Chief Breeder was right.
“Rita, SHUT UP!” He barked. 
Rita jumped, staring at him. “What…?”
“We’re sorry for leaving you behind!” Colin told her.
Rita’s face twitched. 
“Aww.” Alicia stepped forward. “Clumsy Colin’s sowwy… How cute! Why don’t you just come out and say it?!”
“Huh?” Colin blinked.
“You-Don’t-Like-Her!” Alicia threw it in his face. “You don’t like it when she talks. You don’t like to Travel with her. She’s slowing you down! That’s what you’re thinking, isn’t it?”
“What?!” Colin stared.
“You and your fast Comrades all chasing your precious white wolfcat!” Alicia snorted. “She’s using slow Comrades, like Jonah! We don’t leave him behind.”
“No, you just follow him around like puppies.” Colin retorted.
“We never complain about his Comrades. We don’t ever run ahead and leave him behind.” Larry said slowly.
“That’s because he’s leading you by the nose.” Colin pointed out.
“Rita was leading you, wasn’t she? She’s the one who told you how to get here, wasn’t she?” Alicia demanded.
Colin paused. That was true. “But…”
“And you two abandoned her and ran on ahead.” Alicia wrinkled her nose. “Some kind of friends you are.”
“Look who’s talking!” Colin flared. “You’re the ones always leaving me behind!”
“And he deserves it, doesn’t he?” Alicia turned to Rita.
Rita’s face was white. For once, she didn’t say a word. She just stared at him.
“Look, we came to apologize for that. We’re sorry.” Colin said. “But we couldn’t take it any more. You just wouldn’t stop talking, and…”
“Go away!” Rita shouted. “Just… go away!”
“Rita…” 
“Shut up! You’re talking too much! I can’t take it anymore. Go away!” Rita said, and turned around.
Alicia smirked at Colin.
“Colin, forget it.” Henry said. “We tried. She’s not letting us apologize.”
“But she’s…”
“She’s with them now.” Henry told him.
“That makes it even worse! We have to…”
“How?” Henry asked. “She’s not even listening to us.”
Colin thought about that. He really tried to find a way.
But he couldn’t think of a way to apologize to someone who wouldn’t listen. 
Still, he turned back and said one last time. “Sorry.”
Henry snorted. “It’s useless. Let’s just go.”
Colin shook his head. “You go ahead, Henry. I’m not in the mood for the Treasure Hunt any more.”
Henry threw up his hands again. “Whatever, man. Call me if there’s anything.”
“You too.” Colin told him, and felt his watch twitch, so that he knew he now had Henry’s contact in his phone book.
He turned to Rita. “Rita… you too. Contact me sometime.”
Rita didn’t turn around.
Colin walked away from the Town Square with only Shiro and Meek.
Phase 08: About Town
Riverside Town was very similar to Sunshine Town: they both had water on the east side, and they both had their Town Square and Gym in the middle.
But Riverside’s Market was also on the East Side, all around the ferry, and the place was filled with shops and stalls and stores. As such, Colin couldn’t find a nice quiet place to rest at all; the whole area was busy.
The Market did give Colin an idea, though. 
He called Katrin. “Kat?”
“Colin? What’s wrong?” Katrin asked.
“Nothing. I’m at Riverside Town Market. Is there anything you guys need from here?”
“Oh. No, we’re just clearing a new field with those six Megants for now. Your room’s all ready for you to come rest. But if you could get another few cans of tuna…”
“Right. I’ll get some.” Colin said.
“But Colin… your voice sounds… sad.” Katrin said. “Are you sure nothing’s wrong?”
Colin thought about it, then sighed. “It’s just Rita… and Henry… we were Traveling together…”
He told her about it as he explored Riverside Town. He sat down for a while on a bench at the north side overlooking a huge vehicle showroom and the north road , which led to a bunch of hills with a signboard having a picture of the sea and two ships on it. 
He went on to the west side, which was filled with factories. It was quite busy too.
The south side was the quietest of the lot, having houses and a plaza in front of the mayor’s house, which was  surrounded by a fence and a white gate. 
Colin found himself back at the south road as he finished his tale.
Katrin sounded worried. “Colin… Jonah, Alicia and Larry… are they enemies of yours?”
Enemies…?
“Well… they’re supposed to be friends, but… you know.” Colin said, thinking hard. Their fathers said they should be friends… but that didn’t mean that they were.
“It sounds like they want Rita to become your enemy.” Katrin said. “Do you think they would do that?”
“That’s exactly the kind of thing they would do.” Colin agreed. “But… I don’t think Rita’s like that. I mean… I did apologize a few times.”
“Maybe.” Katrin said. “But she’s also Traveling with them. You have to remember that.”
“Only because we left her behind. It’s our fault.” Colin said.
“Exactly. That’s what makes it worse.” Katrin said. “Just… be careful out there.”
“Thanks, Kat.” Colin said. “I’ll get the tuna and head back.”
“Aren’t you going to do the Treasure Hunt?” Katrin was surprised. “You went all the way there for that, after all.”
“But… after everything…” Colin paused. 
“You should try it.” Katrin told him. “Or your trip will be wasted.”
“It’s too late, anyway.” Colin said. “I think they already started without me.”
“Maybe. Maybe not. You should go and check. See you later, Colin, and don’t forget the tuna!”
“Okay.” Colin said, and closed the connection.
***
The watch beeped almost immediately after that. Colin tapped it, thinking it was Katrin, but was surprised to find that the call came from Rita.
Furthermore, it said ‘one-way transmission’.
What does that mean…?
His watch gave him the answer. “You will hear what your contact sends, but you cannot send any reply.”
Curious about what this was about, Colin accepted the call.
“…a total of five steps. And now, a clue about the first step on this Treasure Hunt!” the announcer was saying.
Colin blinked. “Rita?”
But of course, he couldn’t send anything. Rita couldn’t hear anything on his side. He could only hear what was going on at hers.
“Twin ships sit side by side, facing the seat where I wait under.” The announcer said. “Go!”
There was a lot of noise coming over the watch for a while, then a soft click. 
Rita had ended the connection.
“What was that about?” Colin asked Shiro.
Shiro turned to the east side and said, “Yip.”
Colin blinked. “You want to find the ships?”
Shiro nodded, and then sniffed at the watch.
Colin blinked again. “You think Rita wants me to join the Treasure Hunt?”
“Yip.” Shiro nodded seriously.
Well… that did sort of make sense… it would explain why she sent him a one-way transmission…
Except that Rita hated him.
Didn’t she…?
Wasn’t she angry with him?
Or maybe… maybe his apologies did get through to her.
Colin felt the weight on his heart clearing as he thought of it. He smiled at Shiro. 
“Let’s go.”
***
The East Side was even busier than it had been just minutes ago. Dozens of people were running up and down the river side looking for twin ships.
Colin stopped by the fish seller and asked for cans of tuna.
“Nine Clira each.” The fish seller said.
Colin blinked. Tuna was cheaper here than at Sunshine Town. He bought five cans, leaving him with just 5cr.
“Are you on the Treasure Hunt too?” the fish seller asked.
“Yeah. Maybe.” Colin said.
The guy laughed. “Well, let me give you a hint. There are no ships at Riverside Town.”
“What?” Colin blinked. “Really?”
The guy pointed to the river. “You see those? Those are river barges. Big boats, ferries, yes. But nothing that qualifies for a ship. Those only appear farther downriver, where the water is deeper. Up here, all you get are boats.”
“Then the twin ships thing…” Colin frowned.
“You’ll have to keep an eye out.” The fish seller told him with a wink.
Colin glanced at a nearby shop where someone was selling several kinds of Comrades, including sheep-like creatures. Some people were checking those too, but Colin didn’t think that those were what he was looking for.
“Where else would someone find Twin Ships?” Colin wondered.
And then he remembered.
***
Colin looked around carefully as he sat down on the bench on the north side of Riverside Town again… the same bench he’d sat on just minutes before when he was talking to Katrin. 
There in front of him was the showroom, the north road, the hills… and the signboard showing the sea and the ships.
Two ships, side by side, and they looked exactly the same.
Colin slipped his hand under the bench and found a little knob almost immediately.
Red light flashed on his watch. He tapped it.
Incoming Transmission – Recorded Message. The watch informed him.
Colin opened it.
It was a text message. Outside the gate, take ten steps forward, turn left, take three steps forward, turn right, take two steps back.
“Colin?” Henry’s voice made him jump.
“Huh?” Colin spun to see Henry there.
“Can I… sit down?” Henry asked.
Colin frowned, thinking he wanted to talk, and gave him space.
Henry, however, carefully leaned forward and touched the knob under the bench.
He’s here for the clue… Colin realized. He got up and waved. “Good luck, Henry.”
“You too, Colin.” Henry said, as he tapped his own watch to view the clue.
Colin thought about a gate and figured, it has to be that one.
***
There was only one set of gates in Riverside Village.
The white gates of the mayor’s house on the south side.
Colin stood in front of the gates, turned around and scratched his head. “Ten forward, three left, and then turn right and three steps back… that means, seven forward and three left.”
He went to the spot and found a rather jagged tile there, but nothing else. No knob, no paper, no clue.
“Move.” A sharp voice said.
“What?” Colin glanced up.
Jonah, Alicia, Larry and Rita were there. Rita was still pale as she looked at him, and said nothing.
“I said move.” Jonah told him.
Colin stepped back and watched as Jonah poked and pushed and pulled at the jagged tile. Nothing happened.
“The tile feels funny.” Jonah told them all. “Kinda soft.”
Alicia touched the jagged tile. Then she touched the other tiles in the plaza in front of the mayor’s house. “They all feel kinda soft.”
“Oh.” Jonah got up. “Then it can’t be this gate. Maybe there’s a restaurant or factory named Gates or something.”
They left the place, and Colin watched them go. Henry found him there, poking the jagged stone by himself.
“What are you doing?” Henry asked Colin.
“Um… nothing.” Colin replied. “Just… checking.”
Henry frowned and went to the gates of the mayor’s house. He, too, turned around.
And then he took ten steps forward.
“It ends here.” Colin told him, getting up.
Henry turned left and took three steps forward.
Colin sighed, stepping away. “I told you, it stops at that tile.”
Henry turned right and took two steps back…
And promptly tripped over the tile.
“Whoa!” Henry gasped and fell over backwards onto the soft tiles of the plaza.
Immediately, red light flashed on his watch.
Colin blinked. “What?!”
He tried it. He, too, tripped over the tile and fell over backwards.
And his watch also lit up.
We had to fall down… Colin realized. We were supposed to TRIP over that tile, not poke it or open it.
“Wow.” Colin said. Those instructions were very specific.
“Colin…” Henry said. “I’m going to need your help.”
“What?” Colin blinked. “Why?”
“Open the clue.” Henry said tensely.
Colin opened it.
Behind the Riverside Comrade Home, there is a cave. At the back of the cave, there is a Wild Honeybear. One of his honey pots is made of metal. The next clue is under it.
“Uhoh.” Colin winced. “A bear?!”
“Like I said…” Henry started walking. “I need your help.”
“Henry, I think we’re going to need more than just Shiro and Tomato to take on a bear.” Colin protested.
“I think we can manage. This Treasure Hunt is for beginners, after all. It can’t be that hard. Just because it’s a bear it doesn’t mean it’s all that strong.” Henry told him. “Besides, I think it’s the bear that the Chief Breeder was carrying earlier.”
Colin blinked, remembering. “So that’s why she came out to the back.”
“Probably.” Henry said. “Think we can manage that one with our Comrades?”
Colin nodded. “We should be able to manage.”
Other people were coming to the plaza now. Colin and Henry headed south.
***
The Chief Breeder recognized them at once. “You two! Did you apologize to that girl?”
“Yes.” Colin said, as Henry scowled. “Chief Breeder, can you tell us where the honey bear’s cave is?”
She gave them both a close look, glanced at their Comrades, then said, “Just track the bear from the spot where we met earlier.”
“Track it…” Colin nodded. “Thanks, chief.”
“My name is Aoi.” She told them. “Call me if you need help around these parts.”
Colin’s watch twitched. “Thanks, Chief Aoi. Call me too.”
Meek tracked the honeybear easily, and they followed her to a cave that seemed a bit too large for such a small bear. “Ready?” Colin asked Henry.
“Let’s go.” Henry said shortly. He hadn’t said a word since Aoi mentioned Rita.
“Shiro…” Colin began.
“Yip.” Shiro said urgently, and tugged at Colin.
“What?” Colin blinked.
“Yip.” Shiro said in a low voice.
“You want us to be quiet…?” Colin frowned. “Why?”
“Yip.” Shiro said again, and pretended to go to sleep. He got up and said once more, “Yip.”
Colin understood. “Henry… this isn’t supposed to be a fight. We’re supposed to sneak in.”
“What?” Henry stared. “What are you talking about?”
“The bear’s sleeping.” Colin answered. “This is for beginners, remember? Something anyone with a Lynxmouse can do. We’re not supposed to fight the bear. We’re supposed to sneak past it. Or at least, send our Comrades to sneak past it.”
“Yip.” Shiro said, and scurried down Colin’s arm. He tapped Colin’s watch with his paw. “Yip.”
Now Colin stared. “Are you serious?!”
“Yip.” Shiro said. 
“What is he saying?” Henry asked.
Colin didn’t reply. He simply took off his watch.
The silver bracelet expanded immediately, back to its original size. Colin put it on the ground.
Shiro turned to Meek. “Yip.”
Meek crawled into it and Shiro tapped it with his paw. Colin’s watch closed and fitted itself to Meek’s waist.
“She looks like she’s wearing armor.” Henry observed.
“Yip. Yip.” Shiro told Meek.
“Mik.” Meek replied, and crept into the cave.
***
Colin and Henry waited for perhaps two minutes before Meek was out again. Meek was beaming. “Mik!”
The watch was flashing red.
“Thanks, Meek. Thanks, Shiro.” Colin said, putting on his watch again.
“My turn.” Henry said. “Chip. Biscuit. Tomato. Let’s go.”
Colin scratched his head. “I’ll wait…”
“No.” Henry said. “You go on ahead. You’re right – this should be done by beginners. I can manage. I have to manage this… on my own.”
“Why?” Colin asked.
“Because that’s what my brother would want. He’d want me to do things by myself so that I’ll be ready when it’s time for him to train me.” Henry said. “Don’t worry, Colin. I can do this.”
“Okay…” Colin said, and left him to it.
***
The last clue said, Follow the scent of this clue.
Colin blinked. “Do you know the scent?”
Meek nodded. “Mik, mik.”
“Okay. Let’s follow it.”
Meek followed the scent to the west side of town, but it went farther, to the north side, then the east side, back to the south before finally ending up right back in the Town Square.
“Are you sure about this?” Colin had to ask.
“Mik.” Meek said, with certaintly.
She followed it all the way under the stage, watched by the announcer, the judges, and everyone else who had given up on the treasure hunt altogether. She just slipped in under the curtains, and Colin had about thirty seconds to wonder if he should follow her under it too.
But he didn’t need to. Just before he could ask someone for advice, Meek popped back out.
This time, she had the golden watch in her paws.
The announcer’s voice boomed all over town.
“Ladies and Gentlemen, we have a WINNER!”
***
They wanted him to put it on. But he refused.
“Other than the color and the gold, there’s really no difference between this watch and mine, right?” he asked.
“No difference. But you get to prove that you actually won this contest.” The announcer said.
“Then I have a better idea.” Colin said, looking around.
He spotted her arriving. Her face was still pale and went even whiter when she saw that he’d won it.
Colin went over to Rita and gave her the Golden Watch.
“Rita, I’m sorry for leaving you behind.”
Phase 09: The Road South
Henry almost fainted.
Alicia’s face was red. Jonah’s was purple. Larry’s was red too, but then, it always went red after he went running.
“Two thousand Clira!” someone shouted. “I’ll buy it for two thousand!”
“Three thousand!” someone else offered.
“Four!” a woman called.
Rita glanced at Colin. 
Colin shrugged. “It’s yours. You can sell it if you want. Bye.”
Rita grabbed his arm before he made more than two steps. “Colin… thanks.”
“You’re welcome.” Colin said.
“Contact me sometime.” Rita told him.
Colin’s watch twitched. Rita’s contact had been added to his phone book. 
“You too.” Colin told her, although he already knew she had his contact. 
He left before he got trampled by people making offers on the watch.
***
“You don’t mind, do you?” he asked Shiro and Meek as they left Riverside Town behind and headed south.
Meek shrugged. Shiro wagged his tail. “Yip!”
But suddenly, Shiro’s ears twitched. He spun about, then suddenly ran over to Colin’s other shoulder, almost knocking Meek off. 
“Yip!” Shiro said urgently and started pulling at Colin’s ear.
“What is it?” Colin asked.
“Yip!!” Shiro said again, and there was the sound of fear in his voice.
Whatever it was, it couldn’t be good. Colin glanced to the right, where the Comrade Home stood. He went to it.
“Yip!” Shiro shook his head as they approached the entrance. He pulled at Colin’s ear again.
“Behind it?” Colin asked in a low voice. 
“Yip.” Shiro almost whispered.
Colin darted to the back, hiding at the place where he and Henry had hidden before.
“Yip.” Shiro said again, pulling him farther.
Colin blinked. “The bear cave?”
Shiro nodded.
***
Colin was worried.
He didn’t know what Shiro was afraid of. He didn’t know why the little wolfcat was so worried. 
All he knew was that something was on the road between Riverside Town and Sunshine Town, and Shiro desperately wanted to avoid it. Shiro was so desperate, he’d bring them into a bear’s cave to stay away from that thing.
“What’s happening?” Colin asked, glancing at the sleeping honey-bear at the back.
Shiro shook his head and tilted his ears forward to listen.
Behind them, the bear snored.
The trees in front of the cave were blocking their view; they could barely see the Home and the road from where they were. 
Colin flicked on his visor and set it to 10x.
Not good. It was hard to see, even with the magnification up. He switched on thermal sight – so that he could see heat signatures. 
He saw red heat signs in the Comrade Home. He saw small heat signs in the grass and woods around the back of the Home. He even saw a thin one flying high in the sky.
But his eyes fell on five tall red figures coming up the road from the south. 
“Are they what we’re hiding from?” Colin asked Shiro softly.
“Yip.” Shiro agreed.
It wasn’t a Wild that Shiro was afraid of. Shiro was afraid of those men.
Those men walked up to the Comrade Home and knocked on the door. Red figures inside spoke to red figures outside. Those men were talking to the breeders.
Colin watched, tense and worried that they might find him there. What if the breeders told them about a certain cave out back…? But what were they even looking for? Were they looking for Shiro?
One of the breeders pointed up to road, to Riverside Town. The figures left the Home and headed north.
Colin watched until they were small figures on the road north.
Red light flashed on his watch. It was Aoi. He took the call.
“What is it?” Colin whispered.
“Colin!” Aoi was whispering also. “Wherever you are, find a place to hide, quick!”
A chill ran down Colin’s spine. “I’m already hiding. What’s wrong?”
“I don’t know, but I don’t like the looks of those men. They’re looking for you and your friends.”
“Me and my Comrades?” Colin asked.
“No. Your friends. Eight kids, they said, who became new Travelers today.”
Colin gulped. Those guys weren’t looking for Shiro. They were looking for him. “I better warn the rest.”
“Yes. Do that. Quickly.” Aoi whispered, and closed the connection.
Colin called Henry. “Henry! There are people after us!”
“You figure?” Henry asked, sourly. “Everybody wants to meet the guy who’s generous enough to give away a Golden Watch. They all want you to give them things.”
“No, not like that! Henry, listen, there’s men looking for us! They may be dangerous!”
“I’ve got my Comrades with me, Colin. Go find someone else to bother. I don’t like it when people talk too much, remember?”
Henry cut the connection.
“Henry!” Colin hissed.
The bear behind him snorted, then shifted. Colin froze, turning around slowly, but in a moment, the bear was snoring again.
Colin called Rita. “Rita!”
“Colin!” Rita exclaimed. “The watch sold for seven thousand!”
“Great! Now, go find somewhere to hide! Dangerous people are looking for the eight of us!”
“Eight of who?” Rita asked blankly.
“Us eight who started today! They’re looking for us! And I think they’re dangerous!”
“Why?” Rita asked.
“I don’t know why! Just find cover, quick!”
“I better warn the others… where’s Henry… ah… there he… oh no!”
“What?!” Colin gasped.
“Run!” Jonah’s voice hissed over the other end. 
“Where?” Alicia’s voice sounded frightened.
“No! Don’t run! They’ll see us!” Rita told them. “Just walk fast!”
“Run!” Jonah said again, and footsteps sounded loud over the watch.
“Idiots!” Rita hissed. 
Colin froze, not daring to say anything to draw attention to Rita. Behind him, the bear went on snoring.
“Colin… they have him.” Rita said softly. 
“What?! Who?”
“Five men. Wearing some sort of dark green armor.” Rita told him. “Those are the ones you’re talking about, right?”
“What did they do? Who did they take?” Colin asked.
“Colin… they got Henry.” Rita answered. “Now they’re chasing Jonah and the other two.”
“Well… we did warn them.” Colin shook his head. “Don’t worry about Jonah and the others, Rita. They’re experts at getting away.”
“Maybe. I hope so.” Rita said, doubtfully.
Colin sighed. “They’ll get away. Trust me, I grew up with those three. They can get away from anyone. It’s you I’m worried about.”
“I’ll be fine, Colin. You take care of yourself, all right?”
Colin let out a deep breath. “You take care too.”
Rita cut the connection.
Colin growled. “Now what?”
The cave had grown quiet. Totally quiet.
“Yip.” Shiro told him, and tugged at his arm.
Colin turned around. “What is it now?”
And then he realized why the cave was so quiet.
The bear had stopped snoring.
***
“Uh…” Colin said. “Shiro…”
Shiro looked at him, then looked at the bear, and said, “Yip?”
“I think we better run.” Colin said, switching off the visor.
The bear looked at them both and gave them a curious snort.
“Mik.” Meek told them both. “Mik, mik.”
The bear looked at Meek and its eyes widened. “Roaarrl!”
Shiro sighed. “Yip.”
“Mik.” Meek said apologetically.
And then they charged.
***
“Shiro!” Colin gasped.
Shiro dashed in to the bear’s left flank, biting hard on the left leg, hard. Meek charged in on the right, slapping the bear’s right leg with her tail. 
The bear roared, and tried to punch Shiro from above.
But Shiro was too fast for it. The little wolfcat was already on the bear’s back, clawing for all he was worth. Meek, meanwhile, made a half circle around the bear, then used her speed to stab her tail at the exact spot Shiro had bitten earlier.
The bear didn’t like that. It kicked Meek into the air.
“Meek!” Colin jumped up and caught the Lynxmouse. 
Shiro was scrambling over the bear’s back and the bear was tearing at him with both claws, never quite managing to hit the little furball. The bear’s own claws tore into its back and it roared again.
“Shiro!” Colin called worriedly. “Be careful!”
“Yip.” Shiro sounded rather bored. He scrambled up to the bear’s face and smacked the nose with his tail.
The bear made a grab for Shiro with both paws.
Shiro scrambled over the bear’s head just before its paws slammed down on its own face.
With a yowl of pain, the bear dropped and stopped moving.
Colin stared. “Did you defeat it?” 
Shiro snapped his tail against the bear’s face again. The bear didn’t move. “Yip.”
Colin reached out to touch it, but Shiro got in the way. The wolfcat shook his head. “Yip.”
Colin sighed. “You’re probably right. He won’t accept me until I’m stronger. We’ve had enough for tonight. Let’s go.”
“Yip.” Shiro agreed, and scrambled back up to Colin’s shoulder.
Meek, on the other hand, decided that Colin’s backpack was a nicer place to stay in. She scrambled into the main section and settled down there.
“Don’t eat the tuna while you’re there.” Colin cautioned her. “And don’t get hurt. I’m going to run and it could get bumpy.”
Meek gave him a snort.
“Well, then.” Colin said. “We’re off.”
***
Colin called Katrin as he walked south.
“Colin! I saw you on the news!” Katrin said. “That was brilliant, winning the Treasure Hunt!”
“I gave it to Rita.” Colin said. “To apologize.”
“I know. I saw that too.” Katrin said. “It was very sweet of you.”
Colin sighed. “Katrin, I called to tell you that we’re in danger.”
“Danger?” Katrin was surprised.
“Five men. Green armor.” Colin said.
It took some time to explain to her about Shiro’s fear and Aoi’s words and what happened to Henry and the others.
“So they’re chasing Jonah, Alicia and Larry.” Katrin sounded worried. “You’re sure those three will be able to get away?”
“Very sure.” Colin said. “I know they will.”
“Then you should be careful. Rita sounds like she knows what she’s doing, but you…”
“I managed so far. But aren’t you forgetting something?” Colin prompted.
“Like what?” she asked.
“They’re after you as well.”
Katrin fell silent for a bit, but she gave an answer soon enough. “Colin, they already came by the farm.”
“They WHAT?!” Colin jumped.
“They came by the farm. They saw me, and they didn’t think I was one of the eight, because my badge is yellow.”
“Your badge is… yellow?” Colin blinked.
“Oh… did I tell you? We fought this bear out back in the woods, and defeated it, and I have four Comrades now… and well… my badge turned yellow.” Katrin told him. “Two of the Ants are badly injured, though and even Graybark needs to rest. It was a full-grown Growly Bear.”
“Wait… you’re telling me that your badge changed color?” Colin gaped.
“Well… yes. Everyone starts at white, and then goes to yellow and other colors like green, blue, purple, red and so on. Edward says most people take days to reach yellow.”
***
“Yellow…” Colin’s mind raced. “So if I get a yellow badge, they’ll never notice me.”
“Right.” Katrin said. “You’ll need at least three Comrades and a total of 25 levels between them.”
Three… “I need one more Comrade.”
“Rainducks.” Katrin said at once.
“What?” Colin blinked.
“We need another Rainduck.” Katrin answered. “We have new fields and the Rainducks we have are going to be strained if they need to water that many plants every day.”
“So you want me to catch a Rainduck for you.” Colin surmised. 
“It would be good experience for your Comrades.” Katrin answered. “And there’s something else around Sunrise Lake that you might want to catch.”
“What’s that?” Colin asked. 
“A Watergull. Or a Fisherbird.” Katrin said. “Either one would be good for catching fish. And catching fish means…”
“Shiro-food.” Colin summarized. “Well, then, where do I find them?”
“You’re the one walking next to the river. Just keep your eyes out. At worst, try Sunrise Lake, away from the Town. You said those men were going north, right?”
“Right.” Colin agreed. “I should be safe for a while.”
***
Catching a Rainduck was the easiest thing Colin had done since bonding with Meek. He saw two and knew at once what they were. Ducks were ducks, even if their beaks were blue and filled with holes.
There were two in shallow water and Shiro was on them before Colin could think of whether or not to catch one.
Colin picked them both up. They stayed quite still, and let him carry them.
“They were together when we caught them.” Colin said, a bit sadly.
Watergulls, however, proved impossible.
“It’s on the other side of the river.” Colin shook his head. “And it can fly. How are we supposed to catch it?”
For once, Shiro, too, was stumped. He shook his head, then nodded to the Rainducks.
“We’re going to have to raise one of these two until it’s strong enough.” Colin agreed. “Katrin can have one. I’ll keep the other.”
Shiro frowned at him.
“That’s right.” Colin realized. “They’re mates. We shouldn’t separate them. We’ll just catch a third Rainduck.”
So they did. Shiro went on fighting every Rainduck they came across and every Lynxmouse that crossed their path, just for the experience. He seemed even more intent on getting Colin to yellow badge than Colin himself.
Colin did a quick check of their abilities. After all they had been through at Riverside, Meek had reached level 5 – she had double the abilities she had when they first met. Shiro, meanwhile, had reached level 14. He had double the abilities he’d had when Colin last checked.
It must have been that honey-bear, Colin decided. Shiro must have gotten a whole lot of experience when he defeated it.
In other words, Colin needed only to register the third Rainduck and get a total of six more ability levels to reach yellow badge.
“Meek. Get busy.” Colin called her. “We need you to level up as fast as possible.”
“Mik.” Meek scurried down to the ground and turned to Shiro. “Mik?”
“Yip.” Shiro told her and the two of them ran around fighting everything they could reach on the way south.
They entered Sunshine Town from the north, and made their way to the Lakeside. Colin kept an eye out for any Watergulls or Fisherbirds that Shiro might be able to reach.
The Lakeside was busier now than it had been earlier. The ferry had arrived from somewhere, and Colin saw a Watergull eating a fish just beside it.
“Shiro…” he whispered.
Shiro pounced. He barked in excitement as he and Meek tackled the gull before it knew what was happening. Very soon, the gull was down and stayed still. 
Colin went to it, and nervously touched it.
The gull got up, shook itself, then studied Colin intently. It peered into his eyes, then glanced at Shiro and Meek.
“Yip.” Shiro said.
“Mik.” Meek told it.
“Ark.” The gull replied.
And it stayed in Colin’s hand.
Colin breathed a sigh of relief. “We did it. Now, we just need to register.”
He turned around and walked straight into a man in green armor.
***
“You! Get in line!” the man said.
Colin stared. The man was carrying a gun. A big black rifle.
Colin’s eyes widened as far as they could go. He looked around the lakeside and realized just how much trouble he was in.
That ferry had come from Riverside Town. The five men were here, right here in front of him.
“Yip!” Shiro was stunned. 
The men in green armor were here and they had everybody at the lakeside in a cluster. 
There weren’t five here. There were ten, at least. Colin was sure of it as they surrounded the people at the lakeside.
And then other green-armor men brought more people in.
“What’s going on?” Colin asked. “Why…?”
“Colin!” a familiar face showed up from among the crowd.
“Michi?” Colin blinked. “What’s happening?”
“No time to explain.” Michi said. “Step on this! Quick!”
In her hands was a small black plate. She put it down and Colin put his foot on it, hoping it would whisk him away somewhere.
But it didn’t. The plate simply disappeared, and left Colin right where he was.
“What was that for?” Colin asked.
Michi was about to answer when a gun was pushed in between them. “You there! Boy! Come here!”
“Wait! Why him?!” Michi demanded. “He’s done nothing!”
“We’re gathering all White Badge Travelers!” the man stormed.
Colin’s heart sank.
But Michi would not be denied. She stood tall and shouted. “Does he look like a white-badge to you?!”
“Yes, he… huh?!” the man paused. He looked at Colin.
Colin looked at him and felt his heart jump to his throat.
“Oops. Never mind.” The man said. 
He turned around and walked away.
Phase 10: Last Resort
Colin was still staring as the men went through the whole crowd and let everyone go. They disappeared on the ferry and went back down the river.
“What happened?” he asked again.
“They were looking for you, I think.” Michi said.
“Not that. I mean… he didn’t seem to think I’m a white badge.” Colin said, half in a daze.
“That’s because you’re not, Colin.” Michi told him. “Look at your badge.”
Colin glanced down and saw. 
His badge was no longer white. It was yellow.
“How?” he stared. “What did you do? What was that black plate? Was it a registration?!”
“Something like that.” Michi said slowly. “Katrin told me about what was going on, saying you’d probably come to this lakeside. When the men started gathering everyone, I talked to her about it and between us, we formed a last-resort plan. Something that would save you if the worst happened.”
“And the worst did happen.” Colin realized. “So you used the black plate. But what was it? What did it do?”
Michi took a deep breath. “Colin, that black plate… it was a transfer plate. When you stepped on it, you accepted a gift.”
“A gift?” Colin stared. “What kind of gift?”
“A Comrade.” Michi said simply.
“A Comrade?! We can DO that?!” Colin gasped. “But who would give someone else a Comrade? Who would give me one?!”
Michi looked him straight in the eye, and Colin realized the answer to those questions even before she said it.
She said it anyway.
“Colin… Katrin gave you one of her Comrades.”
***
He was stunned. 
“Katrin did… what?” Colin whispered.
“Katrin… gave you one of her Comrades.” Michi said again. “It was the only way we could be sure you would reach yellow badge and get away from the men.”
“But… she…” Colin shook his head. “I’m supposed to be giving her Comrades. That’s what the Rainducks are for! They’re for her!”
“I’m sure.” Michi said. “But Katrin didn’t send you a Rainduck or some other Farm Comrade, Colin.”
Colin froze. “What do you mean?”
Michi dropped the next bombshell on him, and this one was much worse. “She gave you the one that would guarantee you would be saved, the strongest one she had.”
“Colin, she gave you Raiki.”
Epilogue
Colin was crying. 
They found him there, sitting on a bench at the Lakeside with his Comrades; a wolfcat, a Lynxmouse, and a kitten.
Mom almost dropped her picnic basket and went over to him. “Colin! What’s wrong?”
“She gave me her kitten… to save me.” Colin cried. “And I can’t give the kitten back…”
Dad glanced at the blue kitten. Then he turned to Colin. “You better give her something good to thank her for it.”
“Three Rainducks. One Watergull.” Colin nodded. “Michi brought them to her. But…”
“Hush.” Mom said. She looked at him and gave him a hug. “Colin, you’ve been through a lot, haven’t you?”
Colin nodded and buried his face in her shoulder.
Dad sighed, but it sounded like relief. “That’s good. I was worried about leaving you here alone, but it seems you’re doing well. You’ve made friends here, haven’t you?”
“Good friends.” Colin agreed.
“I’m not talking about the animal Comrades, now.” Dad said, just to be sure.
“Neither am I.” Colin told him.
“Then I’m satisfied.” Dad said.
“Me too.” Mom agreed. “Come, Colin. We brought food. Let’s have a picnic by the lake side.”
Colin nodded. “Okay, but there’s someone I’d like to invite. 
“Her name is Katrin.”
***
Connor Rivers watched his son Colin bring his new friend to the picnic and touched a spot on the back of his right hand. A spot that was scarred in the shape of a diamond, though it wasn’t visible under his fingerless glove.
“He seems safe enough.” Mirai said at his side. “Still, I’m not sure this was the best idea for him.”
“The safety protocols on this Dreamworld are as strong as it gets.” Connor told his wife. “I don’t like what’s happened to him either, but it’s obvious what his decision was. We can’t override decisions that serious, not without making him lose faith that his choices matter.”
“But he’s just a child.” Mirai protested, her motherly instincts turning her protective.
“That’s why we brought him here. Of all Dreamworlds, this was the only one that let a kid his age roam around freely, face their own challenges, gain and learn the responsibilities of a sort of power.” Connor told her, tightening an arm around her waist. “His Comrades will protect him. Michi gave him her best.”
“But look at what else he’s gotten involved in! He almost got nabbed by them!” Mirai gestured to some pamphlets left by the Green Men, pamphlets colored green and purple.
“Michi didn’t let anything happen to him. And it’s important he met those he did.” Connor looked at Katrin. “They seem to like him.”
“You’ve picked an odd mix of friends for him.” Mirai observed. “Very odd.”
“If Tsion’s right, they’re all going to need each other in the days to come.” Connor straightened, and looked up at the sky. “We’re all going to need them.”
“But they’re all so young…” 
“That’s sort of the point, dear.” He took her hand. “There are things they can do that we can’t, places only they can go. Places like this Dreamworld that were meant for them.”
“You sound like you’re putting them to work.”
“You always make them wash the dishes.” Connor pointed out. “It’s good for kids to help around the house.” 
“Some house.” Mirai shook her head. “The dreams and hopes of billions and billions of people…”
“The very future in their hands. As it should be.” They watched as Colin and Katrin paused to admire someone’s highly evolved Comrade before continuing on to the picnic. “If they only knew…”
“Maybe it’s better they didn’t. Not yet.” Mirai told him. “Let’s not force them to grow up too quickly.”
“We should let them find out on their own.” Connor nodded. “I think we’ve done all we can here.”
“No, we haven’t.” Mirai poked him. “Someone has to finish all the sandwiches.”
Connor barked a laugh as they went over to start their picnic. Sniffing at them from Colin’s shoulder, Shiro barked a laugh too.
Aftermath
As the picnic went on, Shiro watched the family and Katrin get along. He sat at the side, at a distance, saying nothing, barking nothing. 
[Shiro…] Raiki padded up to him, hesitating, her heart torn.
[Raiki.]  Shiro’s ears drooped. [I’m so sorry.]
Raiki buried her face in his shoulder. She let out a single, keen mew of grief. [She gave me away!]
Shiro stayed where he was, silently letting Raiki cry into his shoulder. He didn’t say anything about the Travelers, didn’t say anything about Raiki’s situation, didn’t say anything at all.
But at length, Raiki’s tears subsided and she leaned more heavily on him, too worn out from sadness to move. At last, Shiro asked his question. [Are you going to stay with him?]
Raiki did not answer.

About the author:
http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/victorylow

Discover other titles by the author at Smashwords.com:

Dreamworlds Series: World 1
•	Dreamworlds 1: Footprints and Pawprints
•	Dreamworlds 2: Journeys and Homes
One boy was taken by force without warning
One girl crept in fear through a foreign land
One Traveler sought a brother in the desert north

Some kids go through Nakama World
Without ever seeing more than a playland
Some go through it as a course, a learning experience.

And then there are those kids 
Those who find that it could be more
So very, very much more

•	Dreamworlds 3: Friends and Comrades
•	Dreamworlds 4: Frenzieds and Knights
•	Dreamworlds 5: Distance and Words
•	Dreamworlds 6: Snow and Separations
•	Dreamworlds 7: Seasons and Paths
•	Dreamworlds 8: Lures and Legacies


Kalupsia Series
•	Kalupsia 1: The Journey 

The land is cursed...
For generations, mankind on the world of Kalupsia suffered the Blight's endless onslaught.
The bravest of this generation said "Enough is enough."
Rising up to challenge fate itself, knights of the Citadel of Kronos seek an ancient legend, a place where one would find all the answers… even if it means war.
Caught up in the midst of a growing conflict, one boy finds himself forced to face the questions of life, love and loyalty as friends, foes and family alike head south into unknown lands.
The Journey has begun. 

•	Kalupsia 2: The Gates 
•	Kalupsia 3: The Mystery 


