Chapter 1
I sat across from my father at our modest dining table, noting the drooping eyelids under his dirty spectacles. He was looking over some notes for clothing designs, the pencil marks becoming drastically sloppier from the left to the right side. A half-finished cup of cold tea sat next to the papers, his hands getting dangerously close to knocking it over.
“You should take a break for a quick meal,” I said, plucking his spectacles off his face and giving them a quick rub on my blouse. He looked up at me, a weary smile spread across his wrinkled face. 
“Right as always, Leah,” he replied, rolling up the notes. “What do we have? I can make some-” 
I shushed him. “I'll get you some soup.”
It had been a long day. A long week, to be frank, and it was really starting to show on Father’s face. I hummed quietly to myself as I fetched a small bowl of lukewarm broth from the heating pipe, bringing it to the table and clearing a few papers. Someone needed to keep the mood up.
My father ran a weapons and armoury business. He dealt with blacksmiths and tailors from around the world and was constantly preparing for his upcoming meetings. Our next stop was in the western region of Eurasia with some prestigious craftsmen. Father was busy working out the details of their deal. We would only have twelve hours to conduct business, after all.
Thus was life in the Skyport. 
“So, I was talking with some of your tutors…” Father started, wiping a dribble of broth from his greying beard. “Mrs. Casper has said you’re not very attentive as of late. I’d like to reaffirm how important a mannerly conduct is in your lessons, as it will reflect in your character.”
“Did she really say that?” I replied, smirking. “She’s so dramatic.”
“What was that?” My father cocked his eyebrow.
“I looked out the porthole window of her room because a flock of geese were passing by, this high in the air! It was one time!” I said. My father clicked his tongue disapprovingly but I could see he was smiling.
We sat and sipped soup in silence. It was a pleasant meal, and I was glad to have gotten my poor dad’s head out of his notes for a short while. When he looked up at me, I grinned widely. Optimism gave us both strength, even in the most stressful of times.
I thought about Mrs. Casper’s lessons and it reminded me of my homework, which I’d been neglecting to help my father. She was my English and Literature tutor, known around the airships for being more well-read than any of the professors from even the top fields of academia. She, like my other tutors, was a retired and lazy person of whom my father had connections with and had enlisted to teach me.
Skyport wasn’t the best place to get educated. It was just a series of airships that have a few bridges here and there, travelling continuously around the world in a trade route. It brought goods from point A to point B and was incredibly reliable in doing so. Anyone living here was most likely a business middleman, and anyone who had children - and enough money - would send them to schools in places like Eurasia, Britain, the Orient, or the British Colonies.
But not my father.
People had many misconceptions about my family, assuming we were too poor for luxury and barely scraping by. This was far from the truth; we made a nice living, my father just adamantly hated having much to do with land. He preferred the sky and preferred I stayed up here by his side.
Indeed, it seemed like my father had been born to fly. He rarely wanted to touch the ground for more than a few hours to craft his goods or conduct business and would send me to do anything more simple in his place. He loved the airships and was very intent on teaching me all about them. When I was young, he used to show me around and explain each ship’s purpose to me.
“We live in the Queen’s Quarter, Leah,” he had told me. “It’s a ship dedicated to housing tradesmen like me.” The Queen’s Quarter was one of three residential airships. Each one looked about the same; a tall metal hull with a series of doors and rooms inside. Some of the more impressive ships in Skyport included the King’s Quarter, a larger residential blimp, and the Sky’s Heart, an airship-factory amalgam that had chimneys built to stick out around the balloon holding it. Despite their large mass, the airships had no problem staying aloft thanks to heraculum. Heraculum is the lightest, toughest metal in the world and Skyport was carefully crafted out of it, ship by ship. 
The residences all looked similar, with wooden walls and dim gas lamps spread about, the ceilings low to make room for more homes, stacked as high as possible. We were lucky enough to have owned a home on the first level; the countless flights of stairs most residents had to climb daily was not a point of envy. 
The floors all around Skyport were slick metal and tapped quietly when walked across, requiring balance and care to traverse without falling. It took a specific type of person to thrive in these conditions. Most simply survived.
After the meal was finished, I grabbed the bowls and washed them in the kitchen. I sighed upon seeing the sink stacked full of dirty teacups, an indicator of Father’s stress. I didn’t mind the extra cleaning, though. The taps steamed a slight bit - a telltale sign that we were in a humid patch of weather. All the water in the Skyport came straight from the clouds, captured and condensed in the cloud distilleries located in the largest airships. Water, in fact, was one of the biggest businesses we ran, selling gallons and gallons of it to drought-ridden places like southern Eurasia whenever we landed there. It was the industry that launched Skyport initially.
“Leah, dear,” my father called to me, snapping me out of my daze. I finished drying the dishes and went to his side. He placed a hand gently on my arm and handed me a small pouch of coins. The silver inside clinked together, creating an enjoyable rhythm that sent a shiver up my spine.
“What’s this for?” I asked.
“According to the local chatter, a young entrepreneur will be boarding Skyport when we touch down. He’s gained quite the reputation, though how or why I’m not sure, and I’m curious as to what he’ll be selling. If it seems of interest, feel free to purchase a sample for me to inspect.” He patted my arm and, with difficulty, got out of the wooden seat. Standing up from the table, it became apparent that his shirt was stained with sweat and in great need of a wash. Suspenders hung loosely from his waist, an indicator he was long past socializing for the day, the elastic straps stretched from my father’s robust stomach. He yawned and, with a mumble or two, headed to his room for the night.
Having finished cleaning up after dinner, I decided to retire to my own room. I wasn’t tired quite yet and considered rereading one of the books Father had picked up for me last time we were in Britain. Then, as I looked around my cramped bedroom, I noticed the pile of Maths assignments haphazardly strewn on my wardrobe, next to the book I was supposed to have read last week for my History lessons.
That familiar pang of procrastination, the urge to push it away and leave it for another time, hit me once more. Then I thought of my father. He’d spent all day getting his plans together, though it was the most miserable part of his job. If he was able to pull himself together to focus on such menial labour, I could maybe do some work of my own.
Sitting down on my unmade bed, I began scribbling some notes, though it pained me. I’d much prefer to pick up an old novel and relive its fantastical tales, fall in love with its characters all over again. Or maybe my book of poetry, to have my abstract emotions spelled out in elegant prose. But I held strong. Maybe an hour later I’d wrapped up the majority of Maths work as well as making it through a few more chapters about the rise of Rome. Strangely, I felt good. Accomplished, even.
It was a cycle of putting things off until the last minute only to feel immense relief and pride when I actually got around to it. Nothing ever took as long as I convinced myself it would, nor was it nearly as miserable once I actually began. Even with this knowledge, I didn’t kid myself; tomorrow, I’d be back to the same routine.
Yawning, I gathered my assignments and tossed them back atop my dresser. In mere moments I had thrown the day’s clothes onto the ground and changed into my nightgown, throwing a quilt around my narrow frame and falling asleep.

I woke up in a panicked state, stifling a scream. Whatever I had been dreaming completely vanished from my memory, but the terror remained. I was panting heavily and my cotton nightgown was damp with sweat. This wasn’t an uncommon occurrence. For some reason, every few weeks I’d have this terrifying nightmare that I could never remember but somehow felt like a painful memory. My hands were shaking when I pulled off my quilt, sitting up out of bed.
I grounded myself back into reality, looking around my room. It was tiny, barely enough room to stretch your arms out, the bed taking up most of the space. I wasn’t lucky enough to be at the edge of the Queen’s Quarter; those rooms had the luxury of portholes, allowing natural light in. I was stuck with a near-empty oil lamp on a rickety bedside table.
The small pouch of coins caught my eye. It sat on my wooden dresser, bulging from its contents, my father’s initials stitched into the side. I remembered my job for the day and hastily got myself ready, pulling on the most suitable outfit I could find for meeting with an outsider. A nice dress, a bit snug, with some high leather boots. The soles of the boots, like all footwear in Skyport, had been made with a special material to prevent friction.
Long locks of black-brown hair twisted and frizzed out from my head, an unruly mess that took ages for me to tame into a braid. My father would often make comments about how my hair complemented my dark skin, something he and I didn’t share. 
“Ah! I see you’re awake,” Father said as I stepped out of my chambers.
“Yes, I wanted plenty of time to prepare,” I replied. “Have you eaten?”
“Oh, yes dear, I finished off the last of the bread, my apologies.” He brushed some crumbs off his shirt. “You’re free to purchase something once you land. My treat, of course.”
I smiled. He had several rolls of paper ready to go and had trimmed his beard. He looked chipper, quite a change from the previous day, full of energy and enthusiasm. I wondered how much of it was an act, knowing he often psyched himself up before dealing with clients.
I had to admit I was worried. Had he gotten enough sleep? Father was always overworking himself. Skyport would be landing in some places soon with excellent fabrics and metals, meaning he had to prepare a large investment for work materials. 
“What are you standing around for?” Father asked, tucking papers into his briefcase. “Go on ahead. I won’t be coming to the port for another hour or so, my clients are arriving closer to lunch.”
“Right, I ought to head out,” I said. My father smiled, giving me a quick hug and kiss to send me on my way.
As I left our small home and stepped out into the long corridor that led to the exit of the Queen’s Quarter, I put on a dusty old top hat. It was something my father used to wear whenever he met with business partners, but recently he’d passed it on to me.
From the residential airship, I only needed to cross one bridge to get to the central district, a ship called Ouranos. That airship also happened to be how visitors entered and exited Skyport, and was where I - and many others - would be awaiting tradesmen and customers. 
I walked past doors leading to scores of identical homes. Many people were getting up, ready to land and meet with their business partners. I was swept up in a crowd of men and women, all headed in the same direction.
The variety of life in Skyport was a marvel. Old, young, tall, short, pale, tanned. You list off a bunch of physical features and there was a matching person here. At that moment, I was crammed between a tiny man with a hat that made up a third of his height and a beefy looking woman in pantaloons and a blouse. We all marched in organized chaos across the bridge. This was always terrifying, as the only thing stopping people from falling hundreds of feet was a thin heraculum handrail, coated in rust and moisture from the surrounding clouds.
Finally, the crowd dispersed as we all entered the wide airship. The sky was still a pale orange with the rising sun and it gave a faint glow to the large balloon atop the hull. Many shopkeepers and tradesmen were making their way to their kiosks. I and a few others stood in wait, watching the large hatch that divided our world from the world below. We would be landing in just less than half an hour and I needed some time to compose myself. I had been tasked with similar chores before yet I still felt nervous. I was not tall, in fact, I was quite short for a girl my age, so I’d always felt self-conscious about appearing weak and naive. 
I adjusted my top hat and clutched the pouch of coins tight. In my anxious daze, I looked around the inside of Ouranos. 
It was a massive ship. The hull was formed by carefully manufactured and lightweight, but still waterproof, fabrics. This was to save on building costs, as Ouranos was built after the residential blimps. It wasn’t essential for it to be some impenetrable fortress, so fabric would do.
The lighting was a bit precarious, with lanterns spaced to not create too much heat while also providing as much light as possible, hanging from the roof of the hull. They weren’t the brightest and a few were burnt out. Overall it was quite dim, but residents were used to this. 
On the floor, it was much more interesting. A metal grate supported everyone walking around. Staring down, the guts of the airship were clear to anyone who cared to look. Whirring, clanking gears and turbines powered by the wind propelled the ship. Steam-powered, as all the ships were, able to run efficiently thanks to tough heraculum alloys. On top of the grate was the commercial district, with wooden kiosks that read off different shop names. These stands were built at irregular intervals and unregulated sizes with every kind of product imaginable made available. Food from around the globe, clothing styles so wild you wouldn’t be able to picture them on a person, and of course clockwork gadgets that served such strange purposes you’d wonder how anyone could have ever thought them up. 
I stared around for a great while and made small talk with a couple of shopkeepers preparing for business. I managed to get a free breakfast from a baker who had a few rolls on the verge of going stale. 
“Oh hello Leah, I didn’t expect to see you here of all people,” a man said, coming up to me as I brushed crumbs from my brown skirt.
“Good morning Fabian, I’m surprised to be here also.” I admired his outfit silently. Fabian Downing was a renowned tailor. He wore a very spiffy tawny tailcoat and straight, dark brown pants with a fancy leather belt that sported a golden buckle. His shoes were shined so well I could see my own eyes reflected in them.
“What, may I ask, brings you to Ouranos?” Fabian asked, folding his hands behind his back. He was a handsome man, though a little too old to be interested in me. He had a piercing gaze and when he stared at something you could pinpoint precisely where he was focusing. 
“My father has sent me to meet with the man who is said to be quite the entrepreneur,” I said, flashing my most amicable smile. Fabian nodded.
“I, too, was intrigued by those rumours. Shall we wait together to meet this fellow?” He asked, positioning himself on my left and staring with me at the entrance to the ship. 
“I am not opposed to that suggestion,” I replied. The courteous tone was commonplace amongst the perceived upper class, but I found it to be disingenuous and pretentious. However, for the sake of avoiding alienation, I maintained it. 
I clutched my hands together, hiding the coin pouch. After only a minute or two, the whole ship jolted with the impact of our landing. I stumbled a slight bit, the lack of friction on my shoes not helping. But it was necessary, of course, not to create additional heat and risk setting off the ship. The hydrogen keeping us afloat was very, very flammable. Fabian seemed to lose his balance also but was much more graceful than I and regained it quickly. 
I always found it funny, watching men pretend they don’t make mistakes. Women blush and hide their faces, or laugh it off, but men always try to reset their stance and expression to make those around question whether or not what they’d seen truly happened. Fabian had mastered this technique, not even glancing my way in embarrassment. It was as if his feet remained planted the entire time.
A couple more minutes passed and the large hatch of the ship was lowered, allowing in the flood of people anxious to shop, conduct business, or meet with loved ones. Fabian and I stood our ground and waited.
And, with a sweeping fog, there he was. 
Despite lacking a description of the businessman I was meeting, I recognized him. Well, yes, it was mostly because Fabian had looked over and said ‘ah, that must be him’, but he was a very pronounced figure.
The most pronounced thing about him was that he was a druid.
Druid was a dirty word in Skyport, as with most human-populated areas, especially in heavily British company. We weren’t fond of them, and they generally weren’t fond of us. To see one in the flesh really shocked me, even with prior knowledge of their striking appearance; the pointed ears, hazelnut coloured skin, and the black tattoos they marked themselves with. To witness the way he moved, the way his eyes glimmered, the masterful artistry of his skin’s markings, well, it was astonishing.
But that wasn’t the most boisterous part of this businessman. Behind him was a wagon, a wagon with a large cage in tow. This cage was full of strange, squirrel looking creatures. They were each about the size of a cat, with fuzzy but lengthy tails, black noses on the end of a long snout, and big bat-like ears. They were dark brown, save for the tails, which were the colour of cream.
“Did you know he’d be…” I whispered to Fabian. He nodded.
“He’s infamous for being the first druid-to-human entrepreneur, which was probably his most intriguing selling point,” Fabian whispered back. “I have my doubts at how well received he’ll be. Eurasia may have made its peace with the druids, but Skyport is hardly Eurasian enough to share those sentiments.” His mild disgust was barely masked by his cordial tone. I disliked that. It would’ve been more respectable, in my opinion, if he’d spat on the ground instead. Liars are ultimately more unattractive than rude people.
Once I snapped out of my disbelief, I followed Fabian towards the druid. 
“Ah, hello! I am very excited to meet you, people of Sky-port,” the druid said, adding an unnatural pause in the syllables of the word. Fabian, always the diplomat, smiled warmly and offered a hand to the druid, who gladly shook it. I felt bad for the druid. He clearly harboured no ill-will and likely had no idea just how lowly Fabian thought of him.
“What are your creatures called?” I asked, pointing to the squirrel-things in the cage.
“Well, they’re a hybrid of several magic animals commonly used as familiars. You see, I’m hoping to sell them as pets in the British colonies… but it is quite far and I am in need of a middleman.” The druid turned and opened the cage, pulling out a creature that was a bit smaller than the rest, about the size of a rabbit. “Here, this is the runt of them. Care to hold him?” He handed me the squirrel-thing, which seemed pretty docile.
“Is it asleep?” I asked, stroking its soft fur. The druid shook his head. 
“Merely a sedation spell, my dear,” he said, then turned to talk with Fabian. He obviously recognized who, out of the two of us, had the real influence. A crowd of interested people began to form and I passed around the hybrid-squirrel. Whispers wandered through the crowd, some in awe, others disgusted. A druid being let onto the ship was more than a shock, though considering the French city we’d landed just outside of was in charge of the gate rather than Skyport’s own residents, it made sense. I resented that sometimes, not having the captain in control of what went on in his own vessels, but little was known of the captain anyway. Maybe he liked it this way.
“Yes, if you would like one for yourself, that is completely fine. But I will warn you, these creatures are beings of magic and also quite intelligent. They have wills of their own. Twelve silver- no, ten silver pieces each.” The druid fumbled with the cage, trying to get his creature back inside. 
I wasn’t sure if it was all the motion or the noise surrounding him, but the little runt in the druid’s arms had seemingly snapped out of his stupor and was becoming increasingly aware of the strange environment he had found himself in. In a panic, he scrambled and extended an impressively sharp set of claws, pushing off of his captor and making a mad dash into the surrounding crowd of people.
There were screams. There was terror. People jumped, fell over, and the little squirrel-thing made its way through the huddled group of bystanders like a startled fly. And then, without warning, it jumped up and latched itself onto my corset.
I was knocked back out of surprise, and because of the sheer speed that the creature was travelling at. It huddled on my stomach and made quiet mewling noises. 
“Thank you, miss, for-” the druid kneeled down and attempted to grab the creature. “Um, ah… this shouldn’t be…” He was looking more and more nervous. With astonishment, I noticed that the whitish tail of the small squirrel-thing had begun to glow.
“What’s happening?” I asked, too terrified to move. 
“He’s imprinting on you… this shouldn’t be possible. You are a Skyport citizen, are you not?” The druid blinked, stuttering through the question. “Magic creatures can only imprint on magic people. You would have to be a druid for this to be happening.”
“T-that’s not possible,” I said, glancing around. The nearby people were whispering to one another, staring at me, at the creature. The salesman gave me a look indicating he was just as confused and exasperated as I was.
We struggled to get the creature off me, but it wouldn’t budge. Its tail continued to glow and it dug its claws into my corset, hissing at the druid salesman. Eventually, he gave up on the creature, leaving him with me without charge. 
“It was just the runt, anyway…” he mumbled. The crowd that once had been interested in these pets had since left, scared off by the incident. The druid man himself had wandered around a bit more, trying to strike up conversations or make a deal with one of the other merchants aboard the ship. As far as I could see, the most he received was a dirty look and a suspicious glare. Fabian was correct, it seemed. Skyport wasn’t ready for druids.
Even Fabian didn’t seem to care anymore, moving on and going about his business. As he walked away, he gave me a strange, almost hostile look. 
Chapter 2
The creature and I sat together on the metal grate, surrounded by shoppers and shops. 
“I’m gonna have to give you a name, aren’t I?” I said. The creature looked up at me with big, green eyes. His pupils were grossly enlarged due to the dimness, and the lamps above shone in them like stars. “Fine then. I’ll call you Free.”
Free seemed very comfortable sitting on my shoulders, wrapping himself around the back of my neck and shaking his tail, which had finally stopped glowing, right in my face. Together, we walked all the way back home. People who I knew well weren’t returning my greetings, and I could tell many were avoiding me altogether. My heart sank in my chest. I was grateful to finally arrive back at the Queen’s Quarter.
“Leah, dear! How was-” My father had come to greet me after hearing my knock at the door. He was taken by surprise when he came face to face with Free. “What… is that.”
“This is our new pet. I have a few questions for you, Father, if you wouldn’t mind…” I said, walking inside and sitting down at the table. “I’d like to ask them before you go to meet with the craftsmen.”

It took very little time to explain the situation to my father. He nodded slowly, still staring incredulously at Free. “A-a druid…” he stammered. “I would never have thought, you don’t have their ears, but-”
“Who was my mother?” I asked. The matter of ‘mother’ was something Father had avoided for years on end. Assuming it was a sensitive subject, I never pried. But I believed at the very least that I had one.
“I don’t know,” Father replied, closing his eyes. “I don’t know who either of your parents is.”
Silence. I stared at this man who, a second ago, had been my only family. 
“You aren’t m-my…” A lump welled up in my throat and my lips, eternally dry and cracked, began to quiver. But I was a lady, and I was strong. I would not show the fear and confusion and the pain in my heart. I needed answers. “Where did I come from?”
“Well… It was all quite long ago,” my father began. “I was in a shadier part of Italy, doing business with a few not-so-reputable tailors. They had told me to take a certain route back to the airship so no one would see me, and I happened to pass by a woven basket. Inside the basket was a blanket. Out of curiosity, I lifted the blanket and inside was a child, no older than a few weeks.
“Thinking the baby had been wrongfully abandoned, I searched around with the basket in my arms, asking anyone if they had seen you be left behind. Not a soul recognized you. It was only when I brought you back to the ship that I noticed a small card tucked in the blanket. Handwritten in smudged ink was your name…” Father pulled something out of his pocket. It was a slip of paper, yellowed with age and it seemed to have had water spilled on it. “Leah Avent.”
Avent. I had lived my life as Leah Tucker, daughter of Caleb Tucker. In this moment I was losing grip on everything. Free, still sitting on my shoulders, seemed to sense my unease and rubbed his furry cheek against my ear. It didn’t help.
“Was no one suspicious? Why didn’t anyone ever tell me I was adopted? Why didn’t you?” The anger slowly rose in my voice. 
“I was afraid!” Father yelled, slamming his fists against the wooden table. Free dug his claws into my shoulder and I grit my teeth. After a second, he calmed himself and regained composure. “I didn’t want you to go looking for a family who had left you alone in an alleyway. I didn’t want you thinking about any other parents than the one who did care for you, the one who raised you and taught you everything you know. You belong here, with me, the man who loves you, in the sky.”
He was crying. Tears spilled from his eyes onto the notepaper surrounding him.
Suddenly, the anger melted away. My body shaking, I got up and hugged him, Free sitting on the table and taking no interest in the commotion. I felt guilty, so stupid and immature, for reacting like that and the pain it caused this man - my father - was unacceptable.
“I’m sorry,” I said quietly, and his hands squeezed me close, his sobs resounding against my chest. It felt so strange for my father to cry, a man so steadfast and hard-working he rarely had the time or energy to express himself.
After a few minutes, he pulled back and held me at arm’s length. He stared right into my eyes, levelling our faces.
“Leah, I want to make something very, very clear.” He smiled weakly through the tears. “I don’t care where you came from, because I love you. You are my daughter. No matter what.” He hugged me again and I breathed out heavily, letting all the tension out of my chest.

My father cleaned himself up and left to conduct his business, promising to bring me back something special from a fine French shop. I sat in our home with Free, who seemed curious about everything. I could almost hear my father making some kind of remark about us being alike in that regard.
I quickly began to doubt whether or not he was really a magical being. Every trait he exhibited was common in your average housecat. He was able to jump at least three feet straight in the air, though his landings weren’t nearly as graceful. His claws skidded across the smooth, wooden surfaces in the kitchen and he stumbled to regain his footing. He mewled and chittered as if trying to hold a conversation. I chuckled at his adorable antics and decided he wouldn’t make a bad pet.
Eventually, he tired himself out and curled himself around my neck, making a noise akin to a purr in my ear. I began making up dinner, cutting up our last few potatoes and throwing them into a pot of lukewarm water along with some celery and carrots. 
The front door opened and in came my father, in his arms a pile of fine leather and sheets of heraculum. He hummed quietly to himself and dropped them onto the dining table.
“Hey!” I said, pouring the stew into two bowls. “Not where we eat, thank you.”
“Oh, sorry my darling, I’ll move them to my study.” He winked at me. His ‘study’ was how we referred to his bedroom since he didn’t really have an appropriate space to do his work. It was tough to store the things he needed, but he’d managed for many decades, even before Skyport. He loved the cramped space, always saying it felt ‘cozy’.
He did leave out a little paper box tied up with a blue ribbon, however. I set the bowls on the table and picked it up, tempted to shake it.
“Go ahead,” Father said from the doorway of his room. “Open it.”
I untied the ribbon, lifting the lid tenderly. It was a macaron with a custard and fruit filling, delicately prepared, clearly not cheap.
“Is this the same- the same pastry I had when we were here eight years ago?” I asked. Father only smiled in response, patting me on the back.
“Wait until after dinner to eat it,” he said, sitting down at the table. I beamed back at him.
We ate our stew and he complimented my cooking, if you could really call it that. With every bite, his previously rosy demeanour faded and I could tell something was on his mind.
“What’s wrong?” I asked.
“Oh, you know, people talk without having a meaningful thing to say. I shouldn’t let it bother me,” he replied, not making eye contact.
“What are they saying now?” I asked.
“Oh, well.” He let his spoon slip into his bowl and rubbed his eyes under his glasses. “The rumours about you have started. Anyone who saw you and that… that little creature…” He pointed at Free, who was still sleeping on my shoulders. “They are talking about how you’re a druid in disguise. Conspiracies about spying and whatnot. It’s ridiculous. They’ve known you since you spoke your first words and yet-!”
I swallowed the painful lump in my throat, washing it down with another spoonful of potatoes and broth.
“I…” He sighed. “If I’m being honest, I don’t know if you’re safe here.”
I didn’t know what to say. Skyport, being primarily composed of Englishmen, was especially hostile towards druids and everyone knew that. But these were people I’d known my whole life, who’d seen me throughout every stage of my growth as a person. Losing their trust, their respect, was unimaginable. But he was right.
“What… what do you think we should do?” I asked, pushing my bowl away. I’d lost my appetite entirely.
“Well…” My father scooted his chair back and stood up, walking over to his room door. “You have magical capabilities, whether or not you know it. I want to give you the opportunity to explore that part of yourself.” He was facing away from me. “You know your name now. Hopefully, if you find yourself amongst druids, they’ll be able to help you. To teach you. And, I suppose, you should find your parents.”
“What?” I exclaimed. “M-my parents?”
“I wouldn’t say it unless I really thought it was important,” my father said. “As little respect as I hold for anyone willing to abandon their sweet child, they may be the only ones who can help you. You’re clearly, in part, human. If anyone would be sympathetic to that and could teach you to survive, it would be them.”
“Father, I don’t know where I’d even begin. Druids like us about as much as we like them. Do you think they’d help me find anyone, looking the way I do?” I asked.
“In Eurasia, things are a little different,” he said. “Why do you think that man was able to get onto Skyport?”
I knew, from my social studies, that the druid-to-human relations were less hostile in Western Eurasia, but I’d always harboured some doubts. After all, the British proclaimed they were firmly allied with the druids of their lands the same year they began enslaving them.
“But… do druids really get along with humans here?” I asked. “More than surface-level friendliness?”
“Not exactly, but they aren’t nearly as… cruel. Their territories are mostly open to traverse within, and there are many cities where the population is a mix of humans and druids. You may find yourself lucky.” He opened the door to his room. “You’re going to have to use the emergency glider to get out. Leave early in the morning, no one will be around.” He went inside before I could respond.
I got up to follow him but he came out holding a black pouch and a brown leather satchel.
“This is all I can offer you,” he said. “It’s forty silver pieces, my ‘just-in-case’ reserve, and this bag I made for you. I was saving it for your birthday next month, but…” He smiled. “I hope you don’t mind getting it early.”
Tears sprang to my eyes. I inspected the bag; it was masterfully done, as all his tailored works were, and on the satchel’s flap was LT, monogrammed. Leah Tucker. I smiled and looked up at my father.
“Thank you,” I said. “Thank you for everything.”

We finished dinner and I ate my macaron, the taste bringing back a flood of memories. Begging Father to rent us bicycles to ride through the streets. Scraping my knee and crying, Father holding me and kissing it better. Feeding the ducks by the river. It was one of the rare occasions my father had allowed us an outing on the land, likely brought on by an argument.
I tried to picture my other parents. The ones who left me, risking my death alone on the streets. I couldn’t imagine a life with a mom and a dad as callous as that. But still, the curiosity nagged at my mind. If I were to find them, what would happen? How would they react? What would I feel?
Would they want me, after all these years? Would I want them?
Chapter 3
I didn't have very many possessions to bring along with me, but the bag wasn’t the most spacious of carriers anyway. I threw in some items for personal hygiene, which I figured would be the hardest to supplement.
Amidst it all, I was still trying to wrap my mind around my identity. How didn’t this come up at some other time in my life? I’d never exhibited any magical abilities before. No one questioned my father suddenly adopting and wanting to keep my past a secret from me. I shook my head and focused on packing.
“I guess I should've asked,” I said quietly to Free, who tilted his head in a curious response. “I should've asked why he was pale and I was brown. Why no one I met ever mentioned my mother. Why no one even mentioned that he'd ever been married.”
Free chattered incoherently. With a sigh, I slung the satchel across my torso. It could only fit enough clothes for three days but I supposed that would have to do.
	
Father had fallen asleep at the kitchen table, his chin tucked to his chest as it rose up and down with each deep, rhythmic breath. I gave his forehead a kiss as I quietly made my way out of our home. I’ll come back, I thought to myself. I’ll come back when I can keep us safe.
The hallways were barren, all the lights had been turned down. Only the overhead lanterns fizzled. I closed the door behind me but before I could fully complete the action, Free scurried out and wrapped himself around my legs. His eyes looked worried, as if asking you weren't going to leave me, right?
I rolled my eyes and giggled, lifting him up.
“Of course I wouldn’t leave you,” I said. “You’re the only one with any idea what this magic stuff is all about.” His tail glowed in the darkness, helpfully guiding me to the exit of the ship.
I inhaled sharply upon stepping outside. The airships were moving quickly and the wind whipped past, Free digging his claws in to stabilize himself. I had never been out this late before, not in my memory. Stars blinked at me, welcoming me into the night.
“There's a way to leave here, even when the ships are on the move,” I whispered to Free, stroking his raised hair. “Tiny gliders. They fit one person and serve mostly to slow and redirect your fall.”
I had no way of knowing whether or not he understood me, but I assumed it was the latter. Free was still focused on staying safe and not getting whisked into the clouds.
I visualized a map in my mind. We had just taken off and would still be right over France. I had to act quickly or my biggest obstacle would be the language barrier. English was commonplace in Paris and many other major French cities, though most other Eurasian countries didn't care much for the language.
The gliders were a last resort rescue method if anything were to happen to the airships. They lined either side of each ship and could be pulled from the hull without much difficulty. We hadn’t had any emergencies thus far so they all dutifully stood at attention, ready to serve my escape mission.
The deck was narrow and stretched around the hull, sitting right above the gliders. All I had to do was climb over, keep my grip on the rail, and slide into one. 
Free was adamantly against the idea.
“What?” I laughed as he chattered angrily in my ears, wrapping his tail around my eyes and mouth to dissuade me. “Afraid of a little adventure? You should be ashamed for dragging me into all this then.” Truthfully, his reaction was similar to how I was feeling under my confident smile, heart pounding loudly and limbs shaking. 
“Look,” I said, and grabbed Free from my shoulders. “You stay here.” I put him into my satchel and he calmed down a bit, unable to see that I was still trying to pull myself over the handrail. With a final, determined hoist I got just the boost I needed and started lowering myself down. 
The air caught in my throat when I looked below me and saw nothing but dark sky and specs of light from the land far below. I froze. It was too late to turn back.
I felt around with my feet for a glider and, finally, kicked the edge. I inched myself into a better position and was relieved to see below me a reliable little flying mechanism. Carefully I reached one hand onto a lower rail and descended it like a ladder. But suddenly-
Like an explosion of fear and pandemonium, Free burst from my satchel, screeching. He jumped on top of my head and, with a scream, I let go of the handrail, falling smack onto my tailbone.
“You could’ve killed me!!” I wrestled Free from my face and held him by his armpits in front of me. His big eyes glowed in the darkness. He had finally quieted down, less concerned for his life now that I was sitting down instead of dangling. He chattered a condescending response.
I sighed and tried to calm my pulse, searching for the restraints on the glider and carefully undoing them. There was a steering mechanism that allowed me to angle the wings, and a handy seat belt to keep me inside safely. Free was happy to be put back into my bag, which sat on my lap, still secured to my torso.
“Ok… we’re ready.” I scooted my butt to move the glider off of its little platform and found myself falling, falling sideways towards the ground. “Oh Jesus! Oh god oh god oh-” I tried the steering wheel and managed to catch the air under the left wing, which abruptly turned the ship upwards. Everything shifted to the right. I heard Free screeching fearfully from my lap.
I started to think I could do this and tilted the wings forward, letting the glider descend. But I angled it a bit too far and we began to nosedive, resulting in more screeches from Free - and myself. After a few minutes of terror and wild twisting of the steering wheel, I finally got the hang of things. Free settled down and the lights below got a bit closer, little by little.
I allowed myself to be lost in thought as we dropped, wondering about the nearest druid settlement. They had grand cities like humans did, but much more… ethereal. If I landed close to Paris I would head north to try and find Reves, a big druid town, but if I was in a more rural area, well… I'd have to ask around. And that would doubtlessly warrant some hostile responses from the human residents.
I sighed and instead focused on the approaching ground, trying to think positive thoughts. There was no use worrying now, I had no idea where I would end up. 

The earth seemed to rise up to catch me in a grove of tall grasses, probably a field on the outskirts of a city. I angled the glider in a way that I thought would let me fall gently but I still ended up quite scraped. Free, on the other hand, was in much better shape and absolutely elated to be on the ground.
“Alright, I can see lights shining from over there…” I muttered to no one in particular. Free leaped up to sit atop my head, curling into a ball and humming contently, what I assumed was a purr. My hair was a total mess at this point, my braid completely falling apart. 
I walked through the waist-high grass until I entered the lit-up area, finding myself in awe of what I saw. Lanterns made of wood and thin paper floated next to stone paths, winding between tall wooden buildings. The lights were suspended mid-air like they were balloons, invisibly tethered to the earth below. They hovered and lifted a few inches up before dropping back down, repeating this little dance indefinitely. I couldn't tell if there was fire inside or just… light?
The path was smooth and cold with rounded larger stones knit together like an intricate puzzle. They never met at corners, instead snaking through the city. The stones were a uniform light grey, but the size and shape were anything but consistent. 
But the surrounding buildings were the most remarkable thing. The architecture was reminiscent of Germany, timber framing and angular rooftops, but the atmosphere was one of a kind. Lights were still on, despite it being the middle of the night. Music was pouring from every window, doors ajar. I was entranced. I had never seen or even heard much of druid towns, but it was immediately clear I was far from human territory. It was an isolated area, safe from prying eyes.
The exterior was impressive enough; the walls, windows, and doors were painted with strange runes and sigils I didn’t understand. The pointed rooftops were decorated with ceramic shingles. Stone chimneys piped smoke into the night sky. It was beautiful.
Unable to control my feet, I walked into the nearest open building. It seemed much bigger inside. There was a bar… good, a place to sit. I wandered over and waited on the barkeep. In the meantime, I turned around to inspect the interior. 
My heart thudded and dropped into my stomach, a discomfort rising quickly into my throat. Within seconds I realized that the establishment I found myself in was, well, a burlesque house.
A druid girl, couldn't be much older than I, danced on a small stage in a lavish set of undergarments. She performed charms with her swaying hands, sending little sparks into the air or sweet scents towards her surrounding, ah, ‘fans’.
I was among maybe three other female customers. Two seemed to have been dragged in against their will, rolling their eyes and speaking irritably to whoever accompanied them. The last, however, was having a ball. She enjoyed the performance as much as any of the men.
“Hello sweetie, what can I do for ya?” One of the performers stood behind the bar, her hair dyed a milk colour, seeming to glow. Her golden-green eyes were rimmed in vibrant makeup, making her look rather like a rainbow raccoon. She was beautiful, but there was an artificial feeling to her looks that took away from her as a whole.
“I-I’ll have some water, sorry,” I mumbled, avoiding eye contact. Free fidgeted in my satchel, so I pulled him out and sat him on my lap, petting his ears and giving a nervous smile to the girl behind the bar. She giggled and, with a flick of her tattoo-covered wrist, summoned a pitcher which she poured effortlessly into a ceramic cup. She went back to flirting with the other clients, leaving me to sip water awkwardly on my own.
“Juniper!” Another dancer yelled to the girl behind the bar. “Aspin’s gonna switch up with you, get out there!” Juniper nodded and winked at one of the men before returning to the stage. Taking her place at the bar was about the most beautiful girl I'd ever seen.
She was tall, graceful like a swan. Her hair was dark as the night sky, her skin adorned with beautiful markings and her pointed ears sporting interesting jewellery. Her eyes were large and green, filling up her face and staring around with a perpetual look of wonder. She had a perfect, tiny nose and freckles spattered across the bridge. Her tanned skin was flawless and clean, only a single bead of sweat distracting from the uniformity. I couldn’t tell if she wore any makeup, but I could guarantee that she didn’t need it.
“Well, what do we have here?” She had glided over to me, refilling my water cup without my asking. “You stand out, you know. Are you even a druid?”
I nodded, opening and closing my mouth over and over as I tried to formulate words. Her big, green eyes blinked slowly, making my face heat up from the attention. “Yeah, I am, clearly.” I tried to sound confident.
She laughed, a laugh with the purity and melody of wind chimes. “Alright, if you say so. But you're missing runes. And you have human ears. Is it some kind of disguising technique?”
“Um, yeah,” I said quietly, drinking the water. The lie burned my mouth, but fear prevented me from being upfront. The dancer, Aspin, I suppose, suddenly got a rather concerned look across her face.
“What for?” She asked, pointing her finger at an empty cup sitting a few feet away. It lifted up in the air and a cloth danced into it, swirling and cleaning as if there were invisible hands operating their movements. Free seemed like he was getting restless and climbed up on top of my head, chittering softly.
“Oh. Um.” I kept drinking my water. A trickle ran down the corner of my mouth and dripped off my chin. Keeping my voice a little lower, I continued. “Well, I actually came from Skyport. The… squirrel you see on my head is my familiar. He, um, outed me as a druid when I was trying to travel to Eastern Eurasia.”
Aspin smirked. “That’s unfortunate, your familiar should be trained better than that. I don’t think that’s a squirrel, either, it looks a little like a fox-faced prairie dog but way smaller.”
“Fox faced…? Nevermind. Well, I'm actually looking for someone, could you help me?” I blurted. I didn't want her to leave and talk to anyone else.
Hesitantly, Aspin nodded. “Sure, I'll try. What's the name?”
“I don't know their first names but I'm looking for the Avent family.”
A few suspicious glares came from the other bar-goers. I shifted in my seat. Aspin’s face went pale, the cup and cloth falling out of the air. She caught the cup in her right hand thankfully but the cloth hit the counter and made a wet, sloppy noise as soapy suds started dripping down the bar. 
“Well, no one here knows anyone like that,” she responded, her voice a bit higher-pitched than before. “Are you trying to start something?” she hissed at me.
“No, I’m not, I just-” I gulped. “What do you mean, start something?”
Aspin raised her eyebrows in disbelief.
“Where are you from, exactly?” she asked.
“Um, B-Britain,” I said.
“Alright. That makes sense, I should’ve guessed by your accent,” she murmured. “Regardless. You’re better off not mentioning that name in western Eurasia.”
“Why’s that?” I asked, lowering my voice.
“Look, my shift’s almost over, I-” Aspin looked around the bar. “I’m gonna head out. I hope you find the answers you’re looking for.”
I watched helplessly as she turned and went into a staff backroom. People at the bar were muttering to each other, looking at my appearance with suspicion. I decided it was time I got out of there and finished my water.

I left the bar feeling more lost than when I came in. Having no idea where to go next, I just started following the stony road, looking around the dark city streets to distract myself from the thoughts and fears overwhelming me. What did the Avents do to earn such a sour reputation? What did my parents do?
I was so distracted I hardly noticed when I ended up right behind the girl from the bar, as though I were following her through the city.
“Hey! Aspin, right?” I sped up to catch up with her. “Sorry for making you uncomfortable earlier.”
She turned around and looked at me with a pitying, but confused stare.
“Ok, it’s fine,” she said. “Where are you headed? There are a few nice places to stay if you go left here.”
“Well, I wanted to know what was wrong with the Avents,” I said. “I’m just trying to reconnect with my family.”
Her confusion became more and more pronounced. “You don't know what they did? At all?”
I shook my head. “I'm assuming nothing good.”
“Alright. Well, first of all, they were terribly infamous criminals. Secondly, they’re supposed to be dead. And if you’re somehow their family…” She stopped walking and looked me over, her green eyes darting up and down. “That isn’t a disguise, is it?”
Hesitantly, I shook my head. Her eyes widened.
“You’re half human,” she said quietly. “I don’t believe it. Follow me, I think I know someone who can help you.”
Chapter 4
She walked quickly down the street, keeping a few paces in front of me. We passed from the part of town with shops and restaurants to an area with small, cottage-looking homes. Despite having identical structure, each house was unique. Some had fancy potted plants sitting in front of them, others had garish symbols painted all around the exterior, many were covered with climbing ivy. Finally, Aspin stopped walking and knocked on a wooden door with a rune scorched into it. It opened a crack, allowing her to push us inside.
“Hi, sorry,” Aspin said. In front of us was a rather portly looking young man with a tiny beard, intricate goggles, and with several bizarre runes that didn't seem like any I'd seen on any of the druids in the bar.
“Do you know how late it is? This better have a good reason,” the man said. 
“West, this is a very strange situation, and very hard to explain.” She gestured to a chair and nudged me, a sign to sit. I plopped down on a comfy, downy cushioned seat, staring at Aspin and West, who stared at each other with identical large eyes, in a mirrored expression of confusion and fear.
“Well, get talking.” West crossed his arms.
“This is- I don't think I caught your name actually,” Aspin looked at me.
“Leah,” I replied.
“Ok, well this is Leah and she claims to be Kieran Avent’s daughter, a half druid.”
The portly man rubbed a stubble-coated chin. “Kieran had a baby with that wh-” He quickly stopped himself from finishing that word. “Um, I mean, quite the bold move,” he said, looking at me intently. “Well, Leah, your dad is supposed to be dead. Anyone mentioning him casually is definitely gonna be seen as very, very suspicious. So from now on, try to keep it down to a hush.”
Aspin glared. “West?” She said with a steady but dangerous voice. “I know you know something about the Avents. You were talking about it yesterday.”
He laughed nervously. “Well, dear cousin, you know me.”
“Full of shit?” Aspin asked, clearly teasing. 
“No! I meant, I'm an outlaw. I can't just divulge the details of my dirty deeds. What I know about Kieran could get me killed.”
Aspin rolled her eyes. “Is he still alive?” She asked, exasperated.
	“Ah, yes. He is. Supposedly.” West waved a raised hand and a kettle drifted lazily through the air towards us, followed by three cups. “Tea?” He asked me. I nodded.
“Do you know where he is now?” Aspin pressed him further.
West waved her off dismissively and turned to face me, hand-pouring a cup of reddish steaming liquid. He then pulled out a pipe, stuffing some pink and green dried leaves into it. He used some magic to begin burning the leaves and then breathed it in. “Ah, why don't you relax and have a puff with me,” he said. The air began to smell bittersweet, a thick smoke clouding the room.
“Oh come on, I thought you were off cherryweed!” Aspin replied and pinched her nose. I coughed.
“Anyway, Leah,” West said, releasing another cloud of smoke. “Don't mind my emotional cousin. She gets set off very easily, you see, and is really overreacting about you being a halfbreed.” 
“I-” Aspin closed her mouth and sighed deeply in frustration. “Well, it’s not something you see every day. And besides, she said she’s looking for them. The Avents.” 
“Hm! Looking for them, eh? Well, good luck with that!” West chuckled. “Good luck indeed.”
“I’m sorry for imposing, but Aspin said you might be able to help me,” I said. “I don’t even know where to begin. I just came off of Skyport and-”
“Oh, the cloud city, marvellous!” West puffed out more smoke as if punctuating the sentence. “I’ve heard of druids getting on and off there before. Aspin, did you hear that Malakei wanted to start doing business with humans and his ridiculous mutt-creatures? Hell, I heard he was planning on marrying a human himself!”
Free tilted his head at the word ‘mutt’.
“Well, it’s not the best place for druids,” I said. “Skyport is comprised of British sales folk.”
West nodded, clearly well aware.
“I think…” I said, rubbing Free’s ears. “I think Malakei may have brought Free to me.”
“It would certainly make sense,” West said.
“Malakei is an idiot. I’m surprised he made it onto the airship without getting killed along the way,” Aspin mumbled. “Not shocked this was all his fault.”
“I didn’t even know I was part druid until he bonded to me,” I said. “My father had no idea either. My adopted father, that is.”
“So, let me get this straight,” West said, pulling the pipe away from his mouth. “You grow up in the cloud city and you never learn a lick of magic. One day, stroke of bad luck, Malakei strolls on into the ship and tries to peddle magical animals to humans and then bam! Your little mutt-thing, Free or whatever, draws a little too much attention and now you have to give up your old life so your poor father isn’t accused of being a traitor.”
I nodded and shrugged; more or less, that was it.
“So why,” West continued. “Are you looking for your parents? They clearly left you out of their politics for your own good, and for all you know, they abandoned you.”
“I need to know who I am,” I said. “I want to confront them, I want to know why they left me. Maybe they’ll disappoint me, maybe it won’t help me get my old life back, but I need to meet them at least once. And besides-- if they can teach me how to live between the druid and human worlds, the way they have, maybe my father and I can be safe.”
“Noble,” West said. “I suppose I can direct you then. But you’ll certainly benefit from a little druidic knowledge before you’re on your way.”
“Druidic knowledge?” I asked. “Is that, like, spells?”
West blinked slowly and his eyes looked exponentially more tired than they did a second ago.
“Do you even know where your soul is?” Aspin asked. West shushed her and shook his head.
“I’ll show her a few techniques, Asps, don’t you worry about the details. Get some rest. It’s getting late.” West patted his cousin’s tattooed arm and she nodded, looking again at me. She then sat herself down on the couch and got comfortable.
“She’ll likely need a sleeping draught,” West murmured to me, waving his hand. A small vial with a greenish liquid drifted over from his kitchen. Aspin grabbed it out of the air and drank it all. Without missing a beat, she passed out onto the couch.
“I have so many questions,” I said to West. He rubbed my back and shushed me.
“I know, I know. Why don’t we have some more tea, and you can ask me anything.”

We talked for a while, in hushed tones, sipping red tea - which, I learned, was a beetroot and pekoe combination (along with some magical herbs I was unfamiliar with), meant to calm the nerves - while I asked West about druids.
“Our currency is measured in the same way as the rest of France,” he explained. “Bizarre, isn’t it?”
“And the technology?” I asked. “Factories, big business, do you have those as well?”
West shook his head. “We’re very traditional, many druids see that sort of progress as harmful. We don’t use a lot of metals, certainly not heraculum. Not sure why, it looks incredibly convenient and versatile.”
He told me about the schools, the cultural overlaps, and the xenophobia. “You won’t find druids trading much village to village,” he said. “We all have different histories, different traditions, and view one another as heretics. We hardly move from place to place either, most druids live in the same town all their lives.”
It was quite fascinating (well, not to Free, who had long since fallen asleep on the couch next to Aspin). But more fascinating were West’s tales of his time in the gangs of Eurasia. From the sounds of it, he’d seen it all. Mafias, wars, spies, he’d befriended at least half of the criminal underground. There was a modest pride in his stories, but he never went overboard. There was something mystical about his storytelling; he weaved the words together to form a larger picture, a bigger world than the parts of Eurasia the sun touched.
“Why didn’t they kill you?” I asked, on the edge of my seat. West was explaining how he escaped the Cœur Sombre gang in Paris three years prior. 
“He wouldn’t admit it, but the leader liked my jokes.” West drank tea, partially concealing the smugness on his face. “The only reason he didn’t cut out my tongue was I kept making him laugh. Cool guy, he gave me the gang seal when he found me sneaking off.”
“So he knew you were escaping?” I asked, bewildered beyond belief. “And he gave you- what?”
“The gang seal. Every gang in Eurasia - as well as Britain - has a few seals made with their insignia, used to symbolize an owed favour from the gang. They bear very specific markings that are easy to check for but impossible to replicate, magically or otherwise. You can ‘cash it in’ whenever you need them most or use it as a bargaining chip,” West explained. “If I had any left over from my criminal days, I’d give them to you for your journey, but alas, it’s been several years and I’ve needed several favours. You’ll have to hope my name alone will bring you protection, I’m sure enough people remember me.”
Aspin, lying on the couch, turned onto her back. I noticed her tattoos again, the swirling black ink that bore into her beautiful skin. Quickly I looked away, finishing the last sips of my third cup of tea. It didn’t taste particularly good, but it made me feel so much more relaxed.
“Anyway, that’s enough about me,” West stood up with difficulty from the sitting room chair. “We need to be teaching you a few things.”
“Are you gonna tattoo me?” I asked. West laughed.
“Definitely not. Those runes that you see on me and Aspin, well, they’re earned by completing tests. Rituals. Most of mine are not local, and mean very different things than hers.”
“What do they mean?” I asked. “In general.”
“Each rune represents a mastered skill, and are each given by druid clerics. The more runes, the more powerful. Well, relatively. You can’t conquer the world with runes alone. Aspin’s are earned from tests in school mostly, they just make life easier more or less.” He pointed to a curved, almost Celtic tattoo on Aspin’s shoulder. “That one represents co-operation. It strengthens magic when used in combination with another druid’s powers. Ask her about them sometime, druids love to brag. But anyway, we need to find your soul. Then, I’ll show you some techniques,” he said. He helped me up and positioned my body completely straight and rigid. “I need you to relax and close your eyes.”
I did as I was told. 
“Now, picture yourself. Nothing else. Just your body, as it is now.”
“Alright,” I said. 
“Ready?” He asked. 
“Ready for w-” A shockwave of energy hit me directly in the forehead and suddenly I was outside of my body. The world looked completely black, the only visible thing was the outline of myself, standing. I watched ripples of faint, glowing magic course over me and when they hit the back of my left calf, a small spot started to glow just a little bit. And, just as it had started, the energy left me and I was, again, standing in the room with West.
“What was that?” I asked, my heart thumping hard in my chest. 
“You saw it, right? Your soul?” West asked me. I hesitated, then nodded.
“The white light?” I asked.
“Mm. That.” West patted my shoulder and I shifted my body to a more comfortable standing position. “Where was it?”
“Right…. Here.” I pointed to my leg, trying to pinpoint the part of my calf that had glowed.
“Oh. Hm.” West kneeled down and looked at my calf, concealed in part by my high boots. “That’s unfortunate. I hope you’ve got good balance,” he said, looking back up at me. “Your soul is the most important part of your body. If this part of your leg is amputated, you die. This is the focal point of all your magic, and whenever you ‘cast a spell’ as humans say, the energy will begin from here.”
“Oh. Ok,” I said, staring at my leg. 
“Magic works better when it’s travelling through a short circuit. For attacking spells, you’ll be more powerful if you direct your energy out of your leg, perhaps with a kick,” West continued. “If you were to use your hands as the medium, the magic would have to travel through your leg, torso, and arm to be released and would lose a significant amount of ‘punch’, as it were. When you’re casting a spell with your hands, it’s better to try and create a straight line travelling from this point in your leg to your fingertips. This may mean standing funny, or even lying down, but it may be necessary. And don’t worry about looking stupid; there are worse places to have your soul.”

West tried desperately to train me. He showed me how to stand with my leg angled in line with my arms, taught me breathing exercises to maximize energy output, and how to direct my spells anywhere I wanted by creating a slight angle in my fingers.
But everything I tried to do fizzled like a wet bonfire, unable to catch the spark.
“It’s probably because you have human blood in you,” West said. “Your magic isn’t as concentrated in your body. You also haven’t practiced at all in your life.”
Nevertheless, he didn’t give up on me. After several hours, I was finally able to start a fire, create light, put out the light, and blast pure energy. 
“Try kicking this pillow,” West said, holding up a dirty old pillow, feathers trailing behind it when it moved. “Direct your energy into it. Like an explosion, like you’re really trying to hurt it.”
I threw my leg at the pillow, without much in the way of technique. But the blast was strong enough to send a noticeable quiver through the fabric, impressing West after my countless failures. He patted my back.
“That’s enough for the day. Tomorrow we can decide what to do with you. For now, you’ve accomplished a lot.”
West was nice enough to let me use his bed. He had said ‘don’t worry about it, I don’t sleep much anyway’ when I protested, so I finally gave in to my exhaustion. Free, noticing I was leaving the room, jumped onto me and climbed up my corset, resting next to my face as I laid down on the bed. His presence was comforting, his tail gently glowing like a lantern softly dying.
I woke up in a sweat again. My fingers twitched, my legs felt sore. The nightmare fled my memory once more, but my hair still stood on end and my hot skin still had goosebumps. Sunlight had begun to appear outside, highlighting the dust of the room. With difficulty, I brushed off my terror and went back to sleep.
When I finally got up, I could hear Aspin and West talking outside. Not in a secretive way, but still too quiet for me to hear. I sat up and remembered my satchel, hoping I could perhaps have a nice bath and put on a fresh pair of clothes before I left. Free latched himself onto my messy bedhead, forming a little nest inside. Too disoriented to reposition him, I opened the door and went to see Aspin and West.
“Ah, there she is,” West said as I left his room. “I’ve made you some breakfast and drawn up a bath. Hurry now! Before the food’s cold.”
Aspin didn’t say a word to me while I stuffed my face with stale, almond-flavoured bread and tough, dry pieces of cooked chicken. She sat silently at the table, chewing slowly, looking occasionally in my direction. She resembled a troubled parent, as if she were trying to say ‘what am I going to do about you?’.
The bathwater was nice and warm; a luxury Skyport never afforded me. Cloud water came in one temperature, and that temperature was cold. The only way to heat things up in Skyport that wasn’t totally dangerous involved the warm air heater, a singular stove in a chamber under the floors of each airship, taking in air from the outside and heating it, sending that through pipes to the different rooms inside each ship. You could rest a cold bowl of water against the pipe and warm it up ever so slightly, but that was about it for cooking.
I managed to get Free out of my hair and give him a bit of a scrub, some grime from our bumpy landing had managed to hide in his silky fur. His tail flashed wildly when I cleaned him, a sign of panic I assumed. He didn’t seem to like water all too much.
Feeling refreshed, I pulled a clean outfit from my satchel, though my clothes were clearly distinct from the things druids wore. In a burst of energy, I attempted to put on my boots using magic. I tried to lift them as I’d seen druids doing so easily with other objects and I managed to move them off the ground an inch, but then they flopped back down. It was something.
“Ah, that’s a nice outfit,” West said as I re-entered the living room. “Humans have such lovely attire. The British especially.”
He and Aspin sat on the couch together, watching me intently.
“Thanks,” I replied. It wasn’t the fanciest getup, but it was comfortable.
“However, I do think it’d be best to change. Aspin has some clothes left here, you can see if they’ll fit. Though you do appear to be a bit shorter,” he continued.
“Oh, ok,” I said, standing stiffly.
West reached his hand up, waving it in a fluid pattern, summoning forth a dress from inside a nearby closet. It was plain, much less ornate and skillfully made than I was used to, but still practical. The material felt nice, silky but soft, not scratchy. It was certainly a bit large, however.
Once I’d changed into the dress, I found West sitting alone in the living room, smoking his pipe once more.
“There we are! Perfect, if you keep your hair over your ears you look just like any ordinary druid,” he said through a pinkish-grey cloud. “The reason I wanted you to change was I thought we could go for a walk around town. There are a few errands I need to run but I don’t feel comfortable leaving you here alone, no offense. It’s more for your safety than anything.”
“Alright, I don’t mind,” I said. “Um, where did Aspin go?”
“She had to work this afternoon but she’s planning on returning around supper,” West said, standing up and straightening his jacket. “I had a few things I wanted to ask you about while we’re out, not to sound like I’m interrogating you or anything. Is that alright with you? I understand if you’d prefer to hear more of my daring exploits.” He grinned and winked. I laughed.
“It’s fine with me, I don’t mind either way,” I said. “You can ask me anything. Well,” I paused. “Most anything. Nothing too weird, preferably.”
He chuckled.
“Sounds good. Shall we?”
West took me back down the cobbled roads, towards the commercial district. He strolled with the poise of a much taller man, head high and hands loosely in his pockets. As we passed by other druids, he whistled little tunes, smiling their way and wishing them a pleasant afternoon. Free sat happily atop my shoulders, sniffing the air and occasionally making little mewling noises in my ear.
It was a pretty town, day and night. The sun cast a warm glow across the streets, wood and stone creating a rustic atmosphere. Smoke rose from chimneys in gentle puffs, unlike the industrial outpour of fog in the cities I was used to visiting. Even human towns in the countryside were less rural than this.
“So, Leah,” West began once we weren’t near other passersby. “My assumption is you’d like to go after your parents as soon as you can. You’re hoping to leave here and journey off to their last known location as discreetly as possible, all on your own. Is this correct?”
I nodded. His next question was a lot more blunt and straightforward.
“Do you think they’ll be able to protect you?” 
I blinked and furrowed my brow.
“I guess… Yeah, I think so. They’ve protected themselves this long, right? They must be able to help me,” I replied. He parted his lips then waited, as if the words just hadn’t arrived quite yet.
“If they can’t,” he said after a moment of thinking. “If, say, they’re long dead themselves, or in great danger with no way to aid you. What are you planning on doing then?”
I thought about that for a few minutes. What was my plan, assuming things don’t turn out quite the way I imagine them?
“Return to France, I suppose,” I said. “Maybe try to restart my life as a druid. I could claim I’m a runaway from Britain. I guess.”
West nodded again, turning to look up at the sky pensively. 
“That’s a solid enough idea,” he said. “Though this all sounds like a lot for one person to handle.”
I shrugged, not really knowing what to say.
He took me into a grocer’s, picking out some dried herbs and salted meats. The thing that stuck out to me most about the shop was the peculiar smells; mysterious plants released strange scents into the air, mingling with the unpleasant odour of preserved livestock. Otherwise, it wasn’t too different from grocers in Britain.
“Hello Harth, how are you?” West said as he placed his selections on the shop counter. An old druid man began separating the products, smiling at his customer.
“Good to see you, West, I’m doing quite well. Yourself?” he asked.
“Just lovely. Such a nice day today, isn’t it?” West replied.
“Indeed!” Harth said. “Oh, who is that pretty young lady you have with you? Not another Trichton girl, is she?”
“No, no, just a friend from Glasber come to visit,” West lied smoothly. “Showing her around.”
“Well, it’s nice to meet you,” Harth said, turning his gaze to meet mine. I smiled nervously, not knowing how I should respond. I hadn’t heard of Glasber in my life. Free nuzzled his cheek against mine, diffusing a bit of the awkwardness.
West dropped some silver coins onto the counter and bid farewell to the shopkeep, ushering me out of the store.
“Alright, that was likely pretty boring for you,” he said. “But we are about to enter a druid-exclusive establishment that will surely intrigue you greatly.”
“What would that be?” I asked.
“A brewery!” West exclaimed. “Where potions are made and sold. You can have them prepared for you as you wait, select from their array of ready-made elixirs, even sample their effects in the shop.”
I had to admit, that did sound pretty exciting.
Once we entered, my jaw dropped. The light coming in through the windows bounced around multicoloured liquid contained in intricately shaped glass bottles, casting rainbow hues throughout the shop. Shelves were lined with arrays of potions, some homogenous mixtures, others mottled combinations of herbs, foam, minerals, or even fungus.
“This is incredible,” I said. West smiled.
“We only have two things to pick up, so enjoy it while you can. But please don’t act suspicious… remember, this is a common sight for druids,” he said in a hushed voice.
I nodded, but it was hard to hide my awe. I tucked my hands behind my back as I wandered through the shelves to prevent myself from giving into the temptation of picking the bottles up. I read some of the labels as I went, increasing my bewilderment.
Quickwalk potion. Elixir of lightstep. Bottled peacefulness. Potion of silence. Muscle relaxing mixture. Stomach filling brew, guaranteed to keep you satiated all day after a single cup. Greenery potion, for all your gardening and plant care needs. On and on, more and more bizarre names and effects.
“There you are,” West said, finally finding me in the back corner of the store, two bottles clutched in his hands. “Having fun?”
“How do they make all of these?” I asked. “It’s incredible.”
“Oh, years of training and a library full of recipes I’m sure,” West said. “Come on, we shouldn’t linger too long.”
He bought the potions as I waited by the front shelves, which appeared to have the more valuable and powerful mixtures.
“Looking for something in particular?” A tall man with several large tattoos spiralling up his collar and neck approached me from the left. Free, perched on my right shoulder, growled quietly and clambered into my satchel. “Ah, a love potion. Those don’t really work, unfortunately.”
Embarrassed and a touch frightened, I stepped back from the shelf. I figured it was safer not to say anything.
“Haven’t seen you around,” the man continued, still too close for comfort. “What’s your name?”
West was too busy chatting with the shopkeep to notice what was going on. I cleared my throat, glancing his way, then nervously brushed hair behind my ear.
As soon as I’d done it, a knot appeared in my gut. Right. My ears. Quickly, I pushed the hair back to cover the rounded tops, avoiding eye contact with the druid man and walking backwards towards West.
“Sorry,” I mumbled. “I-I’m not from around here.”
Finally, West turned his head.
“Ah, Allexe. Sorry about my friend here, she’s quite shy,” he said, allowing me to hide behind his stout torso. Without another word, we hurried out of the brewery, my face burning in shame the whole time.
I didn’t want to face West’s potential anger if I told him there was a possibility Allexe had seen my human ears. He rambled about druid stores and professions while we walked on back to his home, though I heard none of it; I was too busy replaying that moment over and over again in my head.
Chapter 5
Returning to West’s house, having completed his shopping, was a relief. It appeared Aspin still hadn’t returned, so he offered to begin making dinner while I practiced some of my techniques.
I wasn’t making much progress. It was a little frustrating to put all your energy into something and see no results, but then again, I was very new to magic so I stuck it out and kept trying. Free didn’t like to be too close while I was practicing magic, instead opting to bother West as he cooked.
It didn’t take too long for Aspin to come back. She knocked at the door before opening it, wearily letting herself in and taking off her jacket.
“I’m gonna have a bath,” she said, not looking at neither West nor myself. 
“Just in time,” he said to me, hands on his hips. “Dinner’s ready. Go ahead and sit yourself down at the table, you’ve done enough work.”
When Aspin emerged from the bathroom, she looked like she’d just had a complete makeover. Her hair, previously a tangled mess, lay neatly over her shoulders. Her skin practically glowed with health. Her eyes, however, made it clear how tired she truly was.
“I’m still serious, West,” she said, sitting down across from me at the table. “Even more now. I’ve been thinking it through all day.”
I had no idea what she was talking about.
“Well. Sleep on it, then. And here, have some dinner,” West replied, placing two bowls down on the table. Strong-smelling stew sloshed in front of us, full of tubers and assorted vegetables I couldn’t recognize. It wasn’t very tasty but every bite made me feel better.
“How was your day?” Aspin asked, glancing up momentarily from her food. It took me a moment to realize she was talking to me, not West.
“Oh. Um. Good,” I said. “What about yours?”
She shrugged.
“Could’ve gone worse, I’d say,” she replied. “Did you guys get up to anything?”
“Well,” West sat down with his own bowl of stew. “I took Leah to the brewery, she liked that a lot.”
“Nice, yeah I guess you wouldn’t have anything like that back where you’re from,” Aspin said. “Must’ve been really cool to see all that for the first time.”
I nodded, shoving more stew into my mouth.
“So,” West said. “Leah, you’re best off leaving during the afternoon tomorrow. That’s when it’s quietest out on the roads.”
“Right,” I said. “Thanks for helping me out so much, by the way. Both of you,” I said. Aspin and West looked at each other, then me.
“I’m happy to help,” West said with a grin. Aspin smiled faintly, giving a quick nod.
There was clearly something they’d discussed that I wasn’t yet privy to. It was making me feel a little awkward, like I was out of the loop, not allowed to be a part of their discussions.
“So, uh,” Aspin spoke up. “You’re leaving tomorrow?”
“Yeah, I don’t want to cause any trouble, overstay my welcome…” I said. “Plus, the sooner I can find my parents, the better.”
“Fair enough,” she replied.
West and Aspin cleaned the dishes in the kitchen, talking quietly to each other, too quiet for me to make out what they were saying. Now and then, one of them would look back at me for a split second, causing my stomach to sink.
“Alright, it’s getting a bit late,” West said. “Aspin, I bought more sleeping draught today. You can have it. Leah, feel free to borrow my room once more tonight. You need to be well rested for the day ahead.”
I thanked him, deciding not to argue about stealing his bed again. 

The next morning came quickly, as if I’d barely even blinked after lying in bed. I really underestimated how much energy it took to do magic. I guess I hadn’t realized just how burnt out I was after practicing the other evening.
It was time to get ready to leave, I realized. It made me a little sad, to think I’d just met Aspin and West and now I’d likely never see them again. I tried to push the thought out of my mind as I got dressed.
“Can you go back into the satchel, please?” I asked Free when he attempted to perch on my shoulder. He gave me an indignant stare; I like it here. I sighed, leaving West’s bedroom.
“Good morning!” West said. “Hungry for some breakfast?”
I was surprised to see Aspin still waiting around. She was dressed in different clothes from the previous night, but not the sort of thing she would wear to work. I looked away, not wanting her to think I was staring.
“Do you have the map for me?” I asked West. 
“Of course, Leah dear,” he said with a toothy smile. Aspin looked lost in deep thought, her eyebrows creasing her head and her eyes trained on something in the distance. West raised his hand, summoning a faded scroll. “I’ve marked the path you need to take, and the dates that the Siren Helm passes by each port.” 
The Siren Helm was the official name of the convoy of ships that went around the world. They were the predecessor of Skyport, but arguably less successful. Known for being a common criminal hideaway, the Siren Helm (more often referred to as the ocean city) didn’t have a good reputation. They sold fish and shells and whale blubber, though being coast-bound made them unable to engage in the international trade Skyport was famous for.
West told me that my parents were located on a remote shore that the ocean city passed by on its route, making it the most convenient mode of travel. If anything, it beat swimming.
I looked at the map. It seemed pretty straightforward, I only had to travel south for a few days, and assuming I kept up a decent pace, I’d arrive at the ocean city’s next stop with a day or two to spare. I rolled the map back up and smiled at West, hoping he’d understand the silent appreciation.
“You’re actually gonna do it, then?” Aspin asked, getting up from the couch. A small bag was slung over her shoulder. “Leave today, go out to find your parents.”
“Yeah,” I replied. “I haven’t got much else to do.”
“Well, you won’t do it alone.” A determined look had encompassed Aspin’s beautiful features. She shifted a little closer to me and smiled. “I’m coming with you.”
Chapter 6
I hadn’t expected West to be so nervous about sending us on our way. He was supportive, sure, but his hands shook while helping us pack and he spoke very little. His confidence that had accompanied the tales of his own journeys was gone. Perhaps he was realizing just how useless I was, just how little I’d be able to help and protect his cousin.
“So you two both know where to go? And who you can talk to if you need help?” West asked once we were ready to leave. He assured me that it was safe to interact with gangs and criminals around Europe when we needed anything; with his name, West said, we’d be shown the utmost respect.
West lent me a warmer jacket, insisting France was a pretty chilly place. “Your dress and all that, well, it’s nice, but not really… conservative enough, I suppose.” He covered my tattoo-less arms with the leather coat.

Aspin and I were strangers, I thought to myself as we took our first step into our journey. 
“Nervous?” She asked. I nodded and smiled. Free, who had taken a liking to the jacket pockets, poked his head out and made a chittering noise at Aspin, perhaps his own personal response. I was beginning to believe he could, at least partially, understand what we were saying.
“So we’re going southwards,” I said, holding up the map. “And we need to pass through the… it’s a little hard to read the handwriting here. Does that say ‘Thrill’?” I showed the word to Aspin, who squinted in concentration.
“West was trying to write ‘Trickle’, the name of the forest,” Aspin said after a moment of thought. “It’s a druid forest and was actually named after the small streams that trickle between the trees. Its human name has something to do with blood, I believe. Ah, Vein Forest, that’s what they call it.”
“Oh, I don’t think I’ve heard of it before.” I inspected different areas of the map. “What’s the town underneath it called?” Free left the pocket of the jacket and sat comfortably atop my shoulder once more.
“That’s a human village, Belleaux.” She didn’t even look at the map before replying. “We need to go there to get to the port.” 
“Ah.” It was a bit awkward afterwards. Aspin seemed distant as we walked. I wondered what she was thinking, but my nerves prevented me from striking up a conversation. For hours and hours we just walked, occasionally stopping for Aspin to check the map, ensuring I wasn’t leading the two of us astray. 
After a little while, I noticed Aspin’s distant gaze focus in on Free, staring at him with judgemental eyes.
“Hey, can you tuck him away?” she said, the first words between us in hours.
I reached my hand up to pet Free, something I’d been doing periodically on our walk. He was still sound asleep.
“What’s wrong with him?” I asked, lifting him up. When I held him in front of my face it became more clear. His face twitched wildly, and his tail was glowing in irregular intervals, pulsing like a dying firefly.
“He’s been glowing weirdly like that,” Aspin said. “Maybe I’m being paranoid, but…”
“Ah, I see. He’s a bit of a beacon to our position, isn’t he?” I tucked Free gently into my satchel, he’d just begun to stir from his rest and I didn’t want a fuss.
“Yeah.” Aspin fiddled with her long hair. After an uncomfortable second, I smiled at her as warmly as I could.
“You looked pretty pensive back there. What were you thinking about?” I asked, resuming walking.
“Just… I dunno, a lot of things,” she began, staring straight ahead. “My parents, for one thing. I haven’t seen them in over a year… I just worry that they’ll come to see me and West and get upset that I’m not around. It’s silly, I know.”
“Your parents? Where are they?” I asked.
“They live quite a ways from West’s village, far to the north. In a more populous druid settlement, close to Paris actually. I grew up there, but West offered me a place to stay in Linnalium after I’d… well. I’d just dropped out of training in some basic alchemy.”
“That seems vastly different to your current… career.” 
Aspin laughed. “You don’t say. Regardless, my plans of being an alchemy specialist fell through and West helped me gain employment. It could’ve been worse, of course, but it certainly wasn’t a dream come true.”
I nodded slowly. 
“I’m sorry to hear that,” I said.
“Enough of my tragic life, I wanna hear all about the human world!” Aspin said, her tone picking up a bit.
“It’s alright,” I said. “The human world from what I’ve seen is full of greed and treachery, but of course, that’s a rather pessimistic view…”
“Well, that’s the way of life, isn’t it?” Aspin replied.
“I wouldn’t say so. There’s so much good out there, you know, people changing the world and inventing new machinery… love, creativity, you know. I assume it’s pretty much the same as the druid community, but with less… magic.”
Aspin nodded. “We have a lot less in the way of technology. We have no need, apparently,” she said.
“If I grew up with magic, I’m pretty sure I wouldn’t need steam-power either,” I said. Aspin smirked.
“You’d be surprised,” she replied. “A lot of druids really want to bring technology and technologically-related magic into their communities. As a convenience, I guess.”
I nodded. A part of me was still skeptical. I supposed things like steam-powered manufacturing would be useful, but I didn’t have the faintest clue to the extent of druid power. It didn’t seem out of the realm of possibility that they could conjure objects as needed, thus rendering factory production pointless.
“So, um…” Aspin tried to pick up the conversation again. “I’m not sure how much magic West showed you, do you want to practice a little or something if we get some extra time?”
“That would be greatly appreciated,” I said, smiling. “I’m not so good at the spells I was taught in the first place.”
“That’s to be expected, you aren’t a full druid. You probably have a weak soul.” Aspin put her hand over her left shoulder, giving it a small rub.
“Is that where your soul is?” I asked. She looked a bit startled.
“No, it’s n-not, um…” Her cheeks went a bit red. “You aren’t really supposed to talk about where your soul is. Or ask about anyone else’s. It’s just not something people… do.”
Embarrassment flooded my body, a knot forming in my gut. “I’m so sorry, I’m really not used to-”
“It’s alright! No worries,” Aspin touched my arm gently. “I understand. But, I guess if we get into a bit of a skirmish, you should know where mine is, and I yours.”
She stopped briefly to show me the part of her back where her soul was located, just under her right shoulder blade, close to the middle of her back. I ran my hand over the area slowly, in a sort of grateful gesture. I didn’t know how to thank her for trusting me enough to tell me. I showed her on my leg, the whole time she was beet red. My heart fluttered a little bit.
We resumed on our path and finally made it to the forest. It was a breathtaking sight; the trees were starting to change colour from a deep green to a slight sunset, a sure sign summer was on the way out, and the falling light reflected off tiny branching streams that cut the woods into irregular shapes. The whole place seemed to shimmer.
“I-it’s beautiful,” I said. My satchel shifted a bit. Free seemed to have woken up.
“Yeah, it really is,” Aspin agreed, her eyes glazed over and the shining lights reflecting off her deep green irises. She seemed to snap out of it a little, her shoulders jerking a bit and she looked at me, a wild flicker of adventure crossing her face. “Wanna see something cool?”
She stepped in front of me, straightening her back and cracking her neck. 
“This is a druid forest,” she said. “It was planted with enchanted shrubbery to conceal certain paths and areas, before being discovered by humans. They’ve since destroyed some of those plants, but… a lot of that druid shrubbery remains. And there’s a very specific way to find your way through the woods.” 
Aspin positioned her body on a slight angle, shifting her back to be more in line with her arms. She then bent down in a runner’s pose and dashed into the vegetation. 
Afraid I’d lose her, I started running as well but when Aspin had made it a little deeper into the woods, something happened. 
Sparks of magic flew from her fingertips and, upon touching the surrounding leaves, seemed to transfer like an electric shock. The plants, stimulated by the power, shrunk into small bulbs of condensed leaves and stems. The bushes collapsed inwards, clearing a nice, well-trodden path. Like a chain reaction, bushes and weeds shrunk away, revealing the way through the forest. Little streams crossed the path here and there, barely the width of my hand. Light shone through the leaves above and illuminated our way.
“Wow,” I said, catching my breath. “You were right. That’s pretty cool.”
Aspin turned back and grinned, panting slightly from her little burst of energy. “West taught me how to locate magical plants with this simple transfer of energy. Come here, I’ll show you,” she said, beckoning me over. 
She held my hands and closed her eyes. “Focus on your soul and create a short path from that area to your hands. This will link energy to your fingers,” she explained. I tried my best to concentrate. I saw myself in my mind and mentally traced from my leg to my fingers. Suddenly, the area felt a little warmer. Energy pulsed in my hand. A spark passed onto Aspin’s skin and she jumped back, surprised.
“Good,” she said. “That’s how druids fight one another, you know, directing as much magic as quickly as possible into one another. A single spark won’t do much, but…”
I reached out and caressed one of the unaffected bushes. It slowly curled inwards, far more sluggish than the others had with Aspin’s touch. 
“I think I’m getting the hang of it…” I broke the concentration and the heat left my hand. I felt significantly more tired. A chattering helped snap me out of my daze.
“It seems Free is unhappy in the bag,” Aspin said, nodding in the direction of my satchel. “He can walk alongside us in the woods, I suppose, as long as he keeps it down.”

Free seemed perfectly at home in the trees. His claws were able to scrape the top layer of bark and latch into the rough surface, and he could propel himself from one trunk to another. Sometimes he’d risk grabbing onto branches, but lost a lot of momentum to the swinging of the leaves.
Aspin was amused, watching Free bounce unrestrained through the sky. 
“He seems pretty comfortable,” she commented. “An outgoing animal to say the least. I never had a familiar myself, but West’s had a few.”
“What sorts of animals do druids keep as pets? Or, er, familiars.” I asked.
“Magical creatures aren’t much like human pets. The animals that emotionally bond with druids are often tricksters, illusionists, shapeshifters, or have other sorts of charms that they’ve adapted to survive. The shifting lynx is a common one, many con men are known to keep thieving sparrows. Druids can’t really choose which creature they become attached to.” Aspin was still focused on Free’s movements. “The animal will generally choose the druid, and then they’re stuck for life.”
“So Free won’t be anyone else’s familiar?” I asked. Aspin shook her head.
“West told me once that he knew a druid who could detach familiars with powerful dark magic, but it left a scar on the souls of both beings involved,” she said. “Nothing is worth risking your soul.”
“And you can’t have more than one familiar at once?” 
“Yeah you can, but it happens far less frequently. Magical creatures are often solitary and feel averse to interacting with druids that already have attachments.”
The sun was falling below the path ahead. It was getting quite dark, and I was getting very tired. Aspin seemed to feel the same.
“We should set up our beds for the night,” she said. “I’ll use a few protective spells, we can both get full nights of sleep.”
Aspin’s bag seemed to be bottomless. She pulled out two separate pouches along with a canteen of water, though she lacked any form of pillow or blanket. She used magic to start a fire with some nearby dried leaves and fallen twigs. We roasted the contents of the pouches, mostly small nuts, and ate them as the sun became fully hidden. They weren’t much different than a walnut but were much more filling and less tasty. Aspin rinsed off her hands in one of the nearby streams. I followed suit. With a flick of her wrist, the fire went out and we curled up on the ground, exposed to the night.
“Goodnight, Leah,” Aspin said.
“Goodnight,” I replied.

The dream started again, but this time I could remember it. Well, I could remember parts of it. I could clearly see blood, bloody hands. Anguished faces.
I could hear screams, terror, people yelling at each other. It felt like my body was suspended, being swung around, like I couldn’t move. I had tears running down my cheeks, my mouth hung open against my will, my own screams filling the air.
Everything was blurry, the last thing I could remember was a kiss on my cheek. It wasn’t comforting in the slightest, feeling like a rushed goodbye. A goodbye I didn’t want to hear.
Interrupting my sleep, I sat up and tried to calm myself. I’d never had this same dream for so many consecutive nights. I couldn’t help but feel like it meant something. I didn’t have enough energy to think it over, though, and simply lay back down to capture however many more hours of sleep that I could.
Chapter 7
Light reflected directly into my sleeping eyes at the break of dawn. I was a rather light sleeper, any change in my surroundings could stir me. In fact, I was surprised no other noises woke me in the night. The forest was tranquil.
The only thing upsetting the peace of the morning was the sad feeling squeezing my heart, the memory of my dream clouding my thoughts.
Aspin still rested soundly a few feet away. I wasn’t inclined to wake her; judging by the sky, it was still early yet. Next to me was Free, purring softly as he dreamed. I reached over and tenderly gave him a pat, hoping his dreams were more pleasant than mine. His right eye opened and he let out a small, confused noise. It was a nice sound, reminding me of a bird chirping.
Living in the sky left little room for many pets or animals. A small portion of the population owned small dogs, cats, and tiny rodents. But the most plentiful creatures were, of course, birds. Geese from the Americas, sparrows from Eurasia, and anything else that hitched a ride or passed by. Only a few species bothered to fly that high, mostly out of curiosity or hoping for a place to rest. Of the other livestock in Skyport, chickens were the most plentiful because they were the easiest to calm down and breed.
I picked Free up in my arms, cradling him like I had seen mothers do with babies. There were few babies in Skyport, when I thought about it. I was among at most perhaps ten children in the entire place at a time. New mothers didn’t often choose to live there.
Free’s tail glowed softly, like a dying candlelight. It was certainly a soothing sight. I wondered to myself whether it was a chemical reaction that made him glow or a solely magical ability. I remembered my tutors back home, lessons on bioluminescence, chemistry, anatomy. My nose crinkled, the thought of memorization, studying, and homework making me cringe. It was one of the few things about home I did not miss.

I sat for a while and watched the sunrise through the breaks in the foliage. Leaves added a green filter to the light pouring through the forest. The water shimmered with all the colours of the trees and bushes, flowers and weeds. Anything that was reflected seemed to glow.
Aspin’s pretty head, covered in messy black hair, rose from the sleeping bag. She yawned and smiled at me. “Suppose it’s time to get going?” She said, blinking slowly.
“I guess, why don’t we pack up? I think we can wash off quickly in the streams.”
Aspin gave me a curious look. “Ah, I forgot you’re new at magic. There’s a simple cleaning spell you can do that refreshes your skin and can even wash grime out of clothes. It’s a lot better for cleansing your whole body, though it doesn’t beat the comfort of a warm bath.”
She showed me how to direct my power throughout my body, just to ‘feel’ it everywhere, and hope that it would clear out my pores. Sure enough, dirt fell away from both me and my clothes. I smelled a little less awful. Aspin had seemingly perfected this spell; she looked fantastic after a small burst of energy.
“Are most druids as good at magic as you are?” I asked, rolling up the sleeping bags. Aspin giggled.
“For you to say I’m ‘good’ at magic… believe me, most are much better.” She continued to chuckle to herself while we packed everything up. “Don’t you worry. Soon enough, you’ll be just as good as, if not better than, I am.”
I somehow doubted it.

Free hopped onto Aspin’s back while we continued through the woods, stepping over the streams and around prickly plants. The forest was becoming more and more dense, Aspin and I touching all the plants we could to clear the way. 
“It’s not a bad place for a walk,” I said. “Could be much worse.”
“I don’t mind it at all,” Aspin replied. “I don’t get out a lot, I started working almost every day of the week. It’s rather dark in the pub.”
“I don’t get out too much, either, most of the time I’m in the sky. It’s pretty grey up there, whenever I’m travelling between ships.” I thought about the narrow gangways and high winds that accompanied them, the rumours that ghosts of fallen Skyport citizens would push more people off because of how lonely they were.
“That sounds a lot more exciting than my village,” Aspin said. “Walking in the sky… any magic associated with flying is too dangerous for druids like me to use. Only highly trained druids even dream of lifting their feet off the ground.”
“I’m glad to finally be on the ground…” I said. “For more than a few hours, that is. It’s so… natural. It makes sense.” A part of me whispered so why do I want so badly to go back?
“Someday, assuming you find your parents and we make it out alive, I’d love to visit Skyport.” Aspin looked up through the trees at the clouds. “Where is it now?”
“Ah, it’ll be travelling East to India I believe,” I said. “It won’t get there for another three weeks though.”
“Have you been to India?” Aspin asked. I nodded.
“Warm place, pretty crowded, but I liked it. Great food for sure.”
“There aren’t any druids in Asia, but I’ve heard that they have their own variations of magic. I don’t know anything about it, however.” She pet Free, whose head poked over her shoulder. He gave me a look of placated happiness, and I giggled. 
“He likes you a lot,” I commented. Aspin smiled.
“I suppose so!” She scratched behind his big bat-like ears. “Seeing Free, I wish that I’d grown up with a familiar. West and his family always seemed to have nice familiars, and it was only last year that his wolf died… My sisters and I never…” She trailed off, patting Free absentmindedly.
“You have sisters?” I asked. 
“Well, yes,” Aspin said. “Now, it’s not that I don’t love them or anything but, ah… they made something of themselves, their lives, and it always kinda felt like they were looking down on me. I just got left behind, really. We grew apart.” By the strained look on her face, I could tell her memories of them weren’t the fondest.
I felt sorry, but my instincts told me to keep my mouth shut.
“You must’ve felt trapped,” I said finally. “Back there with West, I mean. Unable to ‘move on’...”
Aspin flinched. I thought for a second she was going to get mad at me or go back to her brooding silence. 
“Trapped is exactly it,” she said, surprising me. “No money, no friends, only my cousin and a dead-end job as an erotic entertainer. I wasn’t going to be an all-powerful alchemist. I wouldn’t be honing my skills, training, learning. I was -” she stopped and looked down at her feet. “I am trapped, as this person forever. No opportunity to change, or to escape….” She left the last part unsaid; until now.
We shared a silence as we moved through the progressively thinning forest. I glanced over now and then, and then remembered what West had told me about druids.
“Can you tell me about some of your tattoos?” I pointed at Aspin’s bits of exposed skin.
She smiled at me, pride filling out her face. “I’m not sure I’d know where to start! I have quite a few, but… they’re mostly from my schooling, most everyone has those, but a few are from additional training. My sisters have more. Hell, West has more than I do and he dropped out of classes five years before graduation.”
“I didn’t see too many on him,” I remarked.
“Well, naturally. They were under his clothes!” She chuckled. “Mine were only visible because, well, my ‘uniform’.”
She showed me a few individual tattoos and explained how, why, and when she received them. Some for single spells of particular difficulty, some for moral achievements, others for life milestones. They all supposedly gave strength to or enhanced whatever they represented.
“Did it hurt to get them?” I asked. 
“I know humans have a rather painful way of tattooing themselves, but it’s nowhere near the same for us,” Aspin said, lightly pressing a finger to her clavicle, where a wave-like tattoo stretched horizontally from shoulder to shoulder. She had told me it represented protection. “A cleric uses an enchantment that brands you. It takes mere seconds, and it certainly doesn’t hurt.”
More light was showing through the trees, and something told me we were only a few minutes away from exiting the woods. Aspin seemed to have the same inkling, for she sped up and gave me an encouraging smile. 
The excitement seemed to be lost on Free, who continued to sleep on Aspin’s shoulders.
“So through here is Belleaux,” Aspin said, pointing at the buildings on the horizon. “I’ve never been there before. I suppose we’ll find out what it’s like!”
“Aren’t you nervous?” I asked. “It’s a human city.”
Aspin hesitated before responding.
“Well…” she said. “Yes, I’m nervous. But West told me not to worry. He said Belleaux is friendly to druids. I’m gonna trust him.”

Finally out of the woods, the increase in surrounding light was near-blinding. Free shared my sentiment, burying his furry face into Aspin’s shoulder and letting out a growl.
I felt energy crackle in my leg. There was something in the air that seemed to speed up my heart, so much so that I could feel it pounding in my ears. Aspin’s shoulders twitched slightly, an indication it wasn’t just me.
“What is it with this place?” I asked her. “You feel that too, right?”
She nodded, but there was a cautious gleam to her green eyes. “I’m not sure…” she said. “When you feel power like this in your surroundings, it generally means there’s a symbolic druid monument nearby or the remains of magical civilizations. It isn’t uncommon to feel more powerful while in a druid graveyard, for example.”
I let that sit in the back of my mind as we walked towards Belleaux. The sky was cloudless and serene, nothing but the rare bird to disrupt the endless sea of blue. The energy surrounding me wasn’t getting any weaker, and it gave me an idea.
“Can you show me some spells, now?” I stopped in my path, facing Aspin. “It would be better if I could learn them while I’m supercharged.”
Aspin smirked and pulled Free gently from her shoulders and placed him on the ground. “Sure, I wouldn’t mind practicing either,” she said. “So, ah, I suppose the most useful thing would be a way of contacting each other if we get separated.”
It was a bit awkward, this spell. We had to position ourselves so that our souls could be as close as possible for a few seconds until I “felt a click”. Aspin lay on her stomach and I sat on her back, my leg draped over her shoulder. It took everything in me not to laugh. Even Free thought I looked ridiculous; I could tell from that smug look of his.
Sure enough, something inside of me shifted like an internal click. I got up off Aspin and she dusted the dirt from her torso. I felt a little out of breath.
“That was a fairly high energy spell, but thanks to this atmosphere it wasn’t half as bad.” She smiled at me. “Parents often do that with their children. It will allow us to locate one another for a few hours if we need to, as well as communicate… kinda. It’s not a great spell and won’t hold out to the end of the day but… well, now you know how to do it.”
I nodded. The amount of focus that went into magic was difficult for me to maintain. I didn’t like sitting still and putting my mind to one thing. My tutors hated that, of course, and my father always had a tough time getting me to listen.
A pang shot through my heart. The thought of my father hadn’t crossed my mind for a little while. The way his voice shook when he’d said his goodbyes made my heart weep. I missed my home.
Aspin showed me a few more practical techniques. First, a guarding spell that turned my skin to stone for a split second. “If we find ourselves in a fight or facing down some more violent humans, go ahead and use that. Focus it to a specific area of your body if you can, that’ll leave you more mobile.”
Another was for a tether made of energy. Functioning like a rope, the tether could be attached to people or objects as long as I maintained it. I wasn’t very good at that spell, even with the energy boost.
The last was a spell for seeing far distances for an instant, used by travellers to ensure they were headed in the right direction. It turned out I was quite talented at this type of spell and could see a lot further than Aspin for longer. She remarked at my prowess and, for the first time since we left, I felt proud.
“Keep Free hidden away, alright?” She said as we approached the town. The energy had begun to fade and I was left with a feeling of exhaustion from all the practicing we had done. I nodded and opened up my satchel. Free gave me a stone-cold stare but begrudgingly went into the bag, allowing me to close it.
Upon entering Belleaux, it was pretty obvious that this town was a bit on the poor side. The roads, constructed of misshapen ocean rocks, were weathered and stained with various liquids. Buildings were missing several bricks, windows cracked and boarded up, many banged-up steps led to doors with broken handles. Strangely, the entire run-down look complemented the scenery nicely. It looked old and eroded, like it belonged perfectly next to the ocean. 
“Would you young missuses care for the daily paper?” A little boy in a patched pair of pants, a small brown cap, and an oversized jacket held up a freshly printed newspaper. He had a gap-tooth grin, paired with a burn disfiguring the left side of his face and two fingers missing from his newspaper-waving hand. Aspin stared at me incredulously, asking for some sort of explanation. I shook my head with a gracious smile to the young boy.
After we had passed him, Aspin finally spoke. “What were those?”
“Are you talking about the newspapers?” I asked.
“Yeah, the writing was so neat and identical, how did that poor little boy do it?”
I laughed. “Druids haven’t gotten ahold of the steam-power paper presser then, I assume?” I explained the function of the press to Aspin, and how it was common for the local news to send someone out with their printed papers to sell with information about local events and such. She seemed surprised that such methods of replicating words weren’t reserved for books and religious manuscripts, as they were with druids.
“Word of mouth isn’t enough for you humans,” Aspin grumbled. I laughed again. She looked back at him, still seeming troubled. “It’s a shame someone so young has so many… injuries.”
I rubbed the back of my head. I’d seen many, many children younger than him looking far worse, though I didn’t want to tell Aspin that.
“It’s the factories. He must’ve lived in a bigger town at some point, one more… industrial. They take in a lot of kids, y’know, their fingers are smaller and they’re more likely to-” I paused. “Respect authority.”
“They’re allowed to do that?” Aspin asked, horrified. I nodded.
“Believe me, I don’t like it either. Unfortunately, people need money and a lot of jobs disappeared when those factories popped up. They’re still struggling to adapt, I guess.”
She said nothing after that, presumably out of disgust, as we continued through the town.
Belleaux was salty, to say the least. Windows had a fine coating of salt, and some of the alleyways sported salt stalactites hanging from the gutters, protected from high winds wearing them down. The air itself tasted like sweat and fish. Aspin, on several occasions, made unsavoury expressions that matched my own disgust when passing through a rather thick cloud of sea air. All the wonder the town had earlier faded, replaced with what can only be described as the armpit of the ocean aesthetic.
It seemed, whether due to being far too lax and miserable or just used to being passed through, that Belleaux and its populace didn’t care that Aspin was a druid. This was incredibly unusual relative to the places I’d visited from Skyport; hardly a single larger human settlement would stand idly by as a druid walked through, let alone try to sell them a newspaper.
“So, in just a day’s time, the Siren Helm will arrive and we can board it.” Aspin pointed to the docks. Her voice snapped me out of my thoughts.
“And in the meantime?” I asked.
“West suggested to me that we connect with the gang here in Belleaux, called the Leviathans. Apparently, they may be able to give us a little money and perhaps weapons to defend ourselves if need be.”
I felt very uneasy at the suggestion of interacting with a gang. But Aspin’s confidence in her cousin’s advice eased my worries a little bit, so I opted to follow her deeper through the back alleys.
“So you know where we’ll find them?” I asked. The ground below us was slick with salt and smooth ocean stone, making it difficult to move quickly. I stumbled a bit, but Aspin took little notice.
“Of course,” she said, a little less confidently. “They’ll be around here somewhere. West always said that alleys were the homes of gangs all over Eurasia.”
Just as she had made the claim, a boy dressed in ratty black attire came out from behind a dark corner.
“Who the hell are you an’ what’re you doin’ here.” His accent was thick as mud, and I could tell English was not his strong suit. The tone of his voice also bothered me. The way he had asked, it was a demand, not a question.
“We’re here to meet with the Leviathans,” Aspin said, standing tall. The boy glanced to his side and another person appeared out of the shadows in similar tattered clothes. 
“Tha’ can be arranged,” he said with a shabby, toothless grin. And then, in French, he gave some orders to the other boy. He started to move towards us, pulling something out from under his ratty coat. Aspin yelled to run, but it was too late. The whole world went black.
Chapter 8
I was not surprised to wake up with a horrible headache. The back of my skull throbbed painfully and I could tell I would have a lump there before long. My vision was still blurry, the darkness of my current location not helping me make heads or tails of my situation.
“Sorry about that, ladies,” a thick French accent said from the murkiness in front of me. My eyes focused slowly and the pain in the back of my mind settled down enough to think. Immediately, a panicked feeling sprung up inside; was Aspin alright?
“Where are we…?” I mumbled, looking around for her frantically. This proved difficult in more ways than one; my vision was still a little spotty from the pain and I couldn’t seem to move very much. Finally, the source of the voice was visible to me. A man, in dark coloured clothing full of holes, faded and worn. His face was nothing remarkable, a large nose and bushy eyebrows, poorly shaven and pimple-spattered. 
“Leah?” Aspin’s voice rang clear from behind me. I suddenly became very aware that my arms were restrained with a crude and rotten, yet thick length of rope. My hands had gone numb.
“My boys here told me you were looking for us?” The man walked a little closer to me. “That’s not all too bright, you know.”
My mind raced round and round. Where was Free, how could I escape, was Aspin tied up also…? The headache resurfaced and I flinched. This made the man grin.
“Afraid, aren’t you?” He said. My only reaction to this man was that he seemed to have a firm grasp on English despite it being apparent it was not his first language.
“Wait!” Aspin cried out. “I-I came here because my cousin said… he said he… he knew you and that you’d help us!”
This seemed to catch the man’s attention. One of his large eyebrows cocked up and he smiled, revealing his missing teeth.
“Oh really now? What was your cousin’s name then? Do we owe anything?” He stepped around me and looked at Aspin. “Do you have our seal?”
I craned my neck. My wrists appeared to be tied to Aspins, and I couldn’t summon the strength to stand. I could just barely see the side of Aspin’s face.
She shook her head. “H-he always was in danger, gave away all his seals…” she explained. “His name is West Trichton.”
The man stared closely at Aspin, narrowing his grey eyes. “I’ve never heard that name in my life.”

My heart dropped into my stomach. I knew I shouldn’t be surprised, West had, throughout his tales, been adding many details and flourishes to promote his own character. Nevertheless, he was an amazing storyteller, and I fell for every word.
I felt let down, to say the least. But from what I could see from Aspin’s face, she was shattered. Her eyes wide and afraid, blankly staring down at her tied ankles. 
“Are… are you sure?” She said in a high voice.
“Well…” The man walked away from us, running his hand over his scratchy, patchy stubble in a thoughtful manner. “I seem to recall a young, chubby druid with eyes like yours. We captured him years back. He’d been stealing fish from our private stock and, of course,” he pointed to one of the gang members lounging around in the gaps between the buildings. “I had Tao and my other boys beat him until he felt sorry enough.”
Aspin was not taking any of this well. Every word seemed like it was inflicting a wound. She twitched and winced. Fear crept further into my veins.
“You wouldn’t happen to be a pathetic thief like him? Druids mostly are, aren’t they,” the man pushed his face close to Aspin’s, their noses brushing against one another. Her head shook and her lips trembled, a tiny sound escaping her as though she had planned to reply.
“What sort of ‘help’ were you expecting from us, hmm? Do you think we’re some sort of charity?” He gently caressed her chin. Aspin turned her head away, squeezing her eyes shut. “Look, chérie… I’m sure your cousin was just a bit confused, hm?... Mes hommes?” He looked at his gang, who all stood attentively. In French, the man gave some quick orders. Everyone nodded and, single-file, followed an alleyway and left us three alone.
“Now that that’s out of the way, I hope you don’t mind.” The man pulled out a knife. He was too far out of my vision, and I tried to turn my neck just a bit more but-
Aspin screamed.
Feeling instantly began to trickle back into my purple fingers. The rotten rope lay on the ground behind me. The man knelt down and cut off the rope around my ankles as well. Aspin and I jumped up.
“What are you playing at?” Aspin said, narrowing her eyes and moving directly to my side.
“Nothing!” The man laughed and put his hands in the air in surrender. “Sorry for frightening you like that. I have a bit of a reputation to uphold.”
Aspin crossed her arms. Her expression didn’t waver. 
“Listen, chérie… I do remember your cousin. He was a coward, although still cocky. Very funny. I liked him a lot, but I did have to teach him a lesson for stepping out of line.” He walked around, pacing pensively, his hands clasped behind his back. “He’s quite the character.”
“So he… he isn’t… an infamous criminal?” Aspin asked, her eyebrow twitching.
“Ahh, ma chérie… he was nothing more than you or I. Another face with a few too many scars. He’d been through a lot, been around all of France. But wasn’t anything special. None of us are.”
There was a moment of silence. Aspin’s anger melted into betrayal. I could understand how she felt, the dejected look in her eyes mirroring my own disappointment in West.
“My name is Lucas. I’ve been the leader of the Leviathans for eight years. I’ve had gang fights, turf wars, mutiny, and whatever else you can imagine. I’ve met a lot of people and I’m not exactly a nice man. But now and then, I feel…” Lucas paused. “What is the English word? Ah. Pity.”
Aspin and I exchanged a relieved, although wary, look.
“I did really like your cousin, once we got to speaking. He was worldly, to say the least. His stories were fun. He was no hero, but I felt a kinship with him. And if you need help, well… I’d be willing to maybe give you a bit of advice, at the very least.” Lucas approached the two of us. “What is it you need?”
“Um, ah,” Aspin started, glancing at me. “We are looking for the Avent family. You probably haven’t heard of them, but to the druids…”
“I have heard, no need to explain. The traitors? Now they are some infamous criminals,” Lucas said with a grin. 
“We are going to get on the ocean city and we could use some supplies. Money, maybe, but weapons preferably. I doubt we’ll be making many friends.” I nodded along to Aspin’s request.
“Money? You aren’t going to find a lot of that in Belleaux,” Lucas said, crossing his arms and leaning against a building. The salt-stained wood creaked behind him. “But I might be able to spare a weapon or two, and maybe some fighting tips. That’s about the most I can do.”
“That’s all we will need, thank you so much,” Aspin said. 
Lucas ran his hand over his chin. “You’ve got another day until Siren Helm arrives, am I correct?” Aspin and I nodded. “Ah. I’ll find somewhere for you to stay tonight. And,” he said, pausing. “I need to make this clear. I am not some soft, hospitable man. I’m doing all of this out of pity, and because your cousin was also pitiful. Don’t get the wrong idea.”

Through what I assume was intimidation, Lucas got us a nice room in a creaky motel for a night. “Nice” was a bit of an exaggeration; it was presentable. Clean, perhaps, but old and worn and rancid like everything else in the town.
We had a small meal of fish and a drink that I can only describe as the smell of fire mixed with piss. 
“I know it’s foul, but believe me, you’d be worse off without it,” Lucas explained while pouring the liquid into clay cups. “This fish isn’t of the highest cleanliness, and stomach oil will burn off any of the grime.”
The ‘stomach oil’ sure felt like it was burning something off.
Aspin and I were sleeping in a single-bed room. After some arguing, she elected to use the spare pillow and blanket on a wooden chair in the corner of the room and insisted I have the bed, despite my refusal. It had become apparent that Free had run off while Aspin and I were captured, and had yet to find us again. A part of me believed he was better off on his own. Aspin told me that a familiar would always be nearby but I couldn’t seem to find him anywhere. As worrying as it was, there were more pressing matters at hand and everything would be clearer after a night’s rest.
“It’s fine, look, I’m used to uncomfortable sleeping conditions. And I can use magic to ease sore muscles a lot easier than you can.” She rested her head against the pillow, sandwiching it to the wall. With the ever-present guilty knot in my stomach I finally drifted off in the bed, my stomach half full and my mind dancing with thoughts of my parents.
We were woken up fairly early by Lucas rapping on the wooden door to our room. With few words he led us outside, feeding us bread and highly salted butter. 
“I know you’d probably be better off with more sleep but I want to give you a few things before you head out. But first, a lesson in fighting.” He pulled two knives out of his jacket. The hilts were simple wood with an emblem burned into them, a decorative ‘L’. The blades were around half a foot in length but light and sharp. He handed the knives to Aspin and me.
For several hours we were walked through a basic attack-defend routine, plus extra advice on how to avoid cutting ourselves.
“Don’t try anything fancy. It’s not going to end up well for you” was his main rule.
“Now I don’t know too much about druid magic,” Lucas said. “but if you’re going to be fighting you might as well direct your power into the knife, right? Is that how it works?”
Aspin nodded.
“Wonderful. Oh, and I have another gift. I managed to scrounge up this,” he grabbed Aspin’s hand and plunked into her palm around seven coins. “Why don’t you head to the market? I’ll train Leah a while longer.”
I grabbed Aspin’s arm and handed her the pouch I’d received from my father.
“Here’s… a bit more money,” I whispered. “Hopefully it’s all you need.”
With a quick nod, Aspin turned and walked over to the centre of town, where merchants were visibly getting ready for the day. After she was out of earshot, Lucas turned to me.
“You’re a druid, but you don’t have any of those tattoos. Your ears, also, look quite human. Why is that?” The question seemed more out of concern than curiosity. I felt bad lying but knew I had to.
“I lived disguised as a human for a long time, so I still hide my, uh, druidic appearance. I, um, grew up in the cloud city.”
Lucas’ eyebrows raised. “That’s intriguing. And why would you be looking for the Avents?”
This question put me a little more on guard. I shrugged and looked over to the market. “Not my idea,” I lied. I didn’t like being so distrusting of someone like him, as he had been more than kind to us. But if even he knew who the Avents were… 
Visibly suspicious, Lucas narrowed his eyes. “Alright, in any event, I want to give this to you. You’re the weak one, and I figure it would be to your advantage to hold onto it.” He held out an intricately shaped lead stamp. “It’s the Leviathan’s seal. Hopefully, it gets you out of trouble. Or, if you need my help again in the future, I might remember you a bit better.”
The seal was cool to the touch and stained with black ink. I tucked it into my pocket.
“Oh, and, ah… your little monkey-pet thing with the big ears?” Lucas said. 
“Free? I mean, what about him? Is he dead? Where did he go?” I asked, a tad panicked.
“Nothing like that. After we searched your incredibly useless possessions, he ran off somewhere. But this morning, when I went to wake you up… I saw him clinging to the windows of the motel. He jumped down and really screamed my ear off. I had him inside of my jacket because he seemed a little cold, but, euh, he fell asleep…” Lucas opened his jacket, revealing how scrawny his torso really was. Inside of the crudely stitched-on interior pockets sat Free, sleeping soundly.
Relief and anger bubbled into a bittersweet emotion. I reached over and pulled him out of the pocket, cradling him in my arms. He woke up and, startled, gave out a bit of a low whine. When he saw my face his pupils dilated considerably and he scrambled around in my arms, jumping onto my shoulder. 
Lucas laughed along with me as Free became comfortable and fell asleep once more, his tail rustling my hair. 
“I have to admit I grew quite fond of him. He was very soothing and warm, nice to have in a breezy area like this. I considered keeping him, but I-” He stopped talking abruptly. He gave Free a peculiar stare. “It was like he led my mind with some sort of light. I was almost compelled to give him back.”
“He probably used some sort of weird magic,” I said, stroking his ears. “I’m not quite sure how or why, but he seems to be rather powerful yet unmotivated.”
“A creature after my own heart,” Lucas replied with a gentle smile. The rising sunlight poured over the small town and danced in the ocean’s waves. Just over the horizon, I could make out the silhouette of a ship. I pointed. 
“Is that the ocean city?” I asked. Lucas peered out over the water and gave a quick nod.
“It’ll be here in just under an hour I believe. Now then! Let’s practice those knife attacks, and put a little magic into them, hm?” Lucas patted my head and then Free’s head, and I assumed my fighting stance.
Aspin and I met up back in the motel. I was trying to figure out what sort of magic soothed muscles, feeling worn out from the practice with Lucas.
“I bought some bread for us, and some butter to go along with it. Also one more canteen for water, two blankets, and a quart of stomach oil in case we find ourselves eating any more fish.” She seemed a bit uncomfortable. “I stole the stomach oil, actually. We didn’t have enough for it. You won’t think less of me, right?”
I paused before answering. 
“No, of course not. We’re just doing what we have to, right?” The truth was, it did make me uncomfortable. I didn’t say so, of course.
She chewed on her nails, likely sensing the apprehension in my voice. “I suppose,” she said.
We made our way to the dock right as the ocean city was being tied up. The ship I had seen as it approached had, evidently, only been one part of the Siren Helm.
Wood planks and boards, nailed together haphazardly, created ramps leading from small boats to the large ship. A few other materials were thrown into the ‘pathways’ like scraps of metal, fabrics, and what appeared to be stained glass in some areas. People in torn clothes, generally elderly, huddled around certain ships with small stone basins in the centre, which housed tiny fires. Barnacles encrusted the sides of the boats.
Anyone walking along the mismatched paths got their shoes wet, the wooden boards sinking a few inches into the water before bobbing back up. It was a bit of a concerning set up, but I hadn’t seen anyone fall in yet despite the movement of the city.
“It’s definitely not what I expected,” Aspin said, giving me a sideways glance. I gave her a silent look of agreement and returned to staring in utter disbelief at the motley amalgam of shambling ships.
As it shuddered to a halt at the docks, with more than a couple wooden planks getting dislodged in the process, several people of varying cleanliness stepped out of the main boat. They made a beeline for the market with all sorts of things in their arms. Fabrics, talismans, dolls... fish were a common one. I couldn’t imagine fish being overly valuable here of all places.
“You lookin’ to get on the Helm?” An old woman stood nearby with a sturdy-looking cane under her wobbly old hands. “I’d be careful if I were you. It isn’t the friendliest place.”
“We aren’t the friendliest people,” Aspin replied with a cheeky smile. I cringed at the line. She was about as menacing as a field mouse.
The old woman raised her eyebrows and smiled, mumbling to herself as she turned away. Her clothes were rather clean in comparison to the rest of the town. Her walk was slow but strong, and her every move seemed to command respect. I was drawn to her, something wise radiated from her withered shell.
“Hey, um… Aspin, I think we should talk to that lady a bit more.” I looked over at her. Free had somehow managed to sit atop Aspin’s head, his tiny paws continuously clawing at her hair.
“Why?” Aspin asked me, wincing as Free scratched her scalp.
“She… I don’t know. Something inside me is itching. Is this a druid thing?”
Aspin thought for a second. “It might be. A lot of druids have peculiar abilities and intuitions. Why don’t we go then?” I noticed Aspin gripping the handle of her knife.
We walked over, easily catching up with the old woman. I tapped her shoulder.
“Excuse me, was there something you had wanted to say?” I asked, giving my most trustworthy smile, something I’d copied from my father. He called it his ‘business face’.
The woman looked at my face and squinted her cloudy grey eyes. “Maybe there is. It depends what you want to know.”
“You recognize me,” I said, with a strange realization that seemed to bubble up in my chest. “How do you know me?”
The woman smiled, revealing her rotten teeth. It seemed everyone in Belleaux had trouble with oral hygiene. “Come with me, the Helm won’t be leavin’ for another few hours.”
Chapter 9
Aspin and I walked with the woman at her sluggish pace towards a tiny pub. Once inside we sat with a view through the window of the dock.
“I could see it in you immediately.” The woman beckoned over one of the bartenders, and they nodded. It seemed she was a regular. “Your mother’s face was plastered around the south of France for years. In fact, I doubt I’m the only one to’ve recognized you. Honestly, you should be a little more discreet considering she was a traitor.”
“Everyone always says that, but what does that even mean? How were my parents traitors?” I asked, leaning over to the woman.
“Your druid girl hasn’t told you then? Her kind would know better than I would,” the woman said, casting a steely look at Aspin. “Why don’t you enlighten your friend, dearie?”
Aspin looked over at me, her pitying look piercing my worried eyes.
“Well, I-” she started, pausing and stuttering for a few seconds. “Kieran Avent was- is a druid. He became infamous after selling out the secret druid army forming in the northern part of Eurasia, and the fact his last name actually had western roots made him all the more recognizable. He was a warrior himself, meant to help in the battle for territory and recognition us druids so desperately de-” She paused. “Wanted. He felt guilty or something, and let the French king know that an attack was being planned. The battle never happened; the king threatened the druids with his entire military and let them know that he had druids on the inside to sabotage their attempts. 
“Once Kieran was outed as the rat, he was exiled. Later, he was married to a human woman… but even among humans, druids were not accepted. She was considered traitorous and the king’s army attempted to hunt her down to, um, make an example of her. And, despite his contributions, Kieran was treated with hostility for his love. The two were sentenced to death for breaking the law. Most people believe they were killed but… there have been rumours about his escape. Kieran knew better than to ask druids for help but he did have a few friends with connections, or at least, that’s what West told me. I suppose you should take that with a grain of salt. No one’s known where he is outside of the criminal underground for almost twenty years.”
“You could’ve told me anytime, you know,” I said, my tone coming off colder than I’d intended. Aspin looked hurt and confused.
“I-I’m sorry… I never really knew how to insert that into a casual conversation. How do I come forward and explain the crimes your parents were involved in? In case you haven’t noticed, we’ve been busy focusing on a lot of things, like our journey and your magic.” Her voice reverberated with anguish. I felt guilty for snapping at her and shrank back, averting my gaze. It wasn’t really important, after all. Nothing she could tell me would stop me from wanting to find my parents.
The old woman placed her hand on my arm.
“There was something else you wanted, wasn’t there?” She asked. “I can tell those sorts of things. It’s what happens when you get old.” A shock ran through my body where she was touching me. 
“You’re part druid?” I asked, my tone hushed and bewildered. She nodded, smiling, the wrinkles around her eyes crinkling up.
“Just like you, except… maybe a little less. My mother was a half druid, hid for years. I thought for the longest time that she was the only one, but… meeting you, I realized that love finds its way across all sorts of borders. We were meant to meet, and I feel I was meant to give this to you.” Suddenly, a tattered book materialized in her hand. “My magic may be weak, but I’ve learned its capabilities. This is my mother’s journal. Maybe it’ll help you understand who you are.”
I thanked her, preparing myself to leave, but something in the back of my mind stopped me.
“Also, um…” I looked at Aspin. “There was a spot just to the north of town that reverberated with energy. Do you know why?” I asked. The woman leaned back and crossed her arms.
“Ah. So you felt it, did you? That’s a remnant of this big event, people call it the sacrifice.”
“What’s the sacrifice?” Aspin asked. “I haven’t heard of it, it can’t be druid history.”
“Well, dearie, there’re a few things the druids like to keep from the youth,” the woman said. “The sacrifice was a great tragedy. A druid woman’s son had been captured and killed by humans here in Belleaux, simply because he’d wanted to visit the sea. Enraged, she made her way to that field and captured seven sons of the village. Using up every ounce of her magic, she killed them as revenge… as well as herself. Her suicide acted as a powerful curse, condemning Belleaux and its populace to live in poverty, unable to grow staple crops, incapable of reeling in enough fish.”
Aspin chewed her lip, her eyes focused on the floor. A shiver ran down my spine.
“That’s terrible,” I said. The woman nodded.
“It is. Any unnecessary death is terrible. An eye for an eye does not honour someone’s memory.”

Aspin and I didn’t speak a word to each other upon boarding the Siren Helm. I pet Free’s ear with one hand and clutched the journal with the other, the only way I could prevent myself from clenching my fists. It was a nasty habit I had when I was nervous or upset, digging my nails into my palms and hurting my stretched-out joints. Father chided me on it, often further angering me, but the memory felt a little more bittersweet now. 
I tried to distract myself from thoughts of him by looking around the port. Curiously, many other small ships were taking off. I hadn’t seen a single other ship come or go before right now, but maybe it was normal for them to wait until this specific time. A few people on shore watched the Helm, huddled in groups and whispering to each other. I wondered how often the ocean city came by, for the locals truly seemed to be unable to peel their eyes away.
“Welcome to the Helm, next stop is four days at th’ southwest coast of France, every bed is two silver fer a full week.” A short little man wearing baggy, patched-up trousers and a striped white shirt yelled at everyone coming aboard. “Feel free to sleep outside, yer most likely askin’ for a muggin’ though.” His skin was a caramel brown from the sun, sagging from his skeletal frame. Despite looking like the wind could knock him over his voice was strong and clear, ingraining the rules of the ocean city in every passenger.
“I assume we want to sleep in beds,” Aspin said, breaking our silence. “Being mugged is not my idea of a good time.”
“We don’t have that kind of money,” I replied. “I don’t know what other option we have.”
“Hey little ladies, short on cash?” A druid man in a crowd of young adults called to us. His skin was plastered with angular, hook-shaped tattoos, unlike the gentle swirls that rested upon Aspin’s skin.
“What’s it to you?” Aspin called back, crossing her arms.
“C’mere,” the druid said, beckoning us over. His little crowd seemed to be mainly comprised of druid men like himself but there was one girl who blended in with short-chopped hair and tough-looking muscles. She smiled at me when we walked over, and I had the urge to converse casually with her. She was that approachable.
“Watch me.” The man pulled a small pebble from his jacket pocket and held it in his palm. Briefly, he closed his eyes and clenched his jaw. Right before our eyes, the pebble transformed into a perfect silver piece. “It’s a simple illusion, wears off after a few hours. Works like a charm for those dumb-as-rock sailors though,” he said, flashing Aspin a charming grin. She smiled back. The druid plucked a scrap of wood off the ground below them and handed it to Aspin.
“You have to picture it in your mind,” the girl said. Her voice was hoarse but comforting, as strange as that may sound. Aspin nodded and, within seconds, the wood reshaped itself into a silver piece. Aspin opened her eyes and smiled.
“Leah, you should give it a try,” she said. I shrugged and grabbed a bit of metal from the gangway, attempting the same spell. It took me a few more seconds and a bit more focus but sure enough, a little coin rested in my palm. Aspin and I made a few more and she told me she would secure us some beds.
“My name’s Chase, if you’re wondering,” the druid man said. “These are my friends. We’re on our way to the Orient if you’re interested in joining. We could use a Eurasian druid or two.” He gave me a curious look, glancing at my ears and my bare skin.
Aspin had politely declined on behalf of the two of us, which was a huge relief. It would’ve been easy for her to leave me on my own from that point on with a group of far more competent druids. I wouldn’t have blamed her, even, but I was happy she stuck by my side.
“Leah, right? You’re a different type of druid,” the girl said to me while I waited for Aspin to finish her transaction. We sat together on a small raft-like boat while the other druids walked around in little groups, mixing with the crowds. She, on the other hand, seemed to take an interest in me.
“Yeah, I haven’t done a lot of training,” I said. “No tattoos or anything yet. My friend Aspin and I are headed to--” I thought quickly of a good lie. “A training camp just off the coast of Germany to help me catch up.”
I didn’t like how good I was getting at inventing these stories.
“Whatever you say. My name’s Nora, by the way. Short for Alinora. It’s a common Polynesian druid name. But I was curious as to why you have a human name,” she replied.
“Ahh, I grew up among humans…” I said. Free nuzzled his fuzzy face against me and I smiled a little bit. “It’s nice to meet you, Nora.” I adjusted my hair a little, allowing it to mask the rounded-off tops of my ears.
“So you are a Eurasian druid then?” She asked me. I nodded, although I wasn’t entirely sure. “Well, come with me. I’d like to show you some water magic.”

The sea flowed behind the slowly moving ships, light sparkling off the waves as the sun began to set in the distance. Nora cracked her knuckles and knelt down beside the water. I knelt down beside her, watching her hands closely as they ran over the ripples, drawing forth a fist-sized ball of water. It floated upwards, with her movements acting like the director of a musical consort. Its form seemed to flow between being a misshapen ball to different animals and creatures. A dolphin, an eagle, a fish, a dragon… all running just above our heads and dripping little raindrops beneath them.
“That’s beautiful,” I said as Nora finally allowed the water to fall back into the ocean. “Is it hard to get it to do that?”
“Not at all, although us island druids are better at it than most. Chase, you see, is from the Americas and is no good at water magic. He’s an excellent tracker, however. We all have our talents.” She reached out for my hand, squeezing it gently. “If you’re truly just learning magic, we should share our talents. That’s what being a druid is about.”
Out of the corner of my eye I watched as Aspin rejoined Chase and a few of the other druids, chatting happily and showing off a few tattoos. A spark of jealousy made my eye twitch. I wanted tattoos and magic, a talent, a culture to share. I felt utterly useless.
“Your friend, she is very beautiful. I can tell she lacks talent, unfortunately. You will not learn much from her.” Nora said, staring at Aspin. “She’s good with men. I can’t say I’ve ever been fond of them myself.”
We made eye contact and I found myself blushing. Her eyes were cat-like, golden and gleaming. 
“W-would you show me how to do that? With the water?” I asked, brushing off my flustered feelings. Nora smiled, the corners of her mouth gently tilting upwards. With a quick nod, we got back down next to the water.
Chapter 10
Night fell on the Siren Helm before I had much time to adjust. Thanks to Nora’s patient teachings I had gotten pretty good at bending and shaping water. I’d even learned to use the ability to craft pseudo-weaponry such as a long, thin blade and a whip. I couldn’t hold the form for very long but Nora seemed impressed nonetheless.
“Hey, Leah,” Aspin came over to me, the moonlight pouring over her figure and casting harsh shadows, blending her dark tattoos into the night. “Ready to go to bed?”
I nodded. “I’ll catch up, just wanna thank my friend here,” I said. Aspin and Nora shared a look I couldn’t quite decipher and she walked back towards the main ship.
“Thank you for being such good company,” Nora said, holding my hands in hers. “I shall perhaps see you tomorrow?”
“I hope so. Thank you so much for teaching me, I know I’m not the best with magic.” I smiled, hoping it was visible in the dark. To my surprise, Nora leaned in close and gave me a kiss on the cheek, then quickly turned and walked away into the night. I stood, stunned, and watched her go. She looked back at me once, giving me a final smile.

“Sure took you a while,” Aspin said when I finally joined her on the cots, laid out haphazardly across the inside of the biggest ship in the Ocean City. There were lots of people tucking themselves in and many already asleep. We were positioned diagonally from one another, our heads close together.
“Sorry, yeah,” I said, still rather phased. “How long are we on this thing?”
“Just under two weeks.” Aspin tossed the ratty blanket across her torso and turned to face sideways. “Get some rest, hey?”
I nodded, even though she couldn’t see it, and tried to get comfortable, wrapping myself up in blankets. When Aspin’s breathing had become rhythmic, I trusted she was asleep and pulled the ratty journal out of my satchel. Finally, I thought, I had a chance to read it.
The writing was nice, neat cursive with few smudges. The edges of each page were a little rough, but the author had left enough of a margin that the text was spared the test of time. 
The first entry started quite matter-of-fact.

It’s been a week since my mother passed away. Father still isn’t speaking, though he did eat a little bit the other night. I know it’ll be hard for him. I don’t know why I can’t cry, why I don’t feel miserable and heartbroken. Perhaps there’s something wrong with me.

The rest of the entry wasn’t nearly as morose.

I’ve been getting better at controlling my magic. Mother used to tell me how lucky I was that my soul was located in my throat because I can use my speech to channel the energy. Though I’d prefer it was closer to my hands so that I could use it silently, but I suppose it’s fine this way. Tomorrow I start school with human children for the first time.

I skimmed a few of the following passages and gleaned that, near the beginning of the journal, the woman was fourteen years old. The book was thick, however, and from the later entries, it appeared she was closer to thirthy. It wasn’t clear how frequently she wrote. Sometimes it was every day, other times there were months without a single entry. 
It wasn’t terribly interesting, but there was this deep, familiar peace when I read. Her words and experiences felt close to me. After an hour or so of reading bits and pieces, I decided to call it a night and put the book back into my bag.

When morning came, Aspin and I walked together to a nearby vendor who offered us some extra fish free of charge because he had nowhere to store them. We took drinks of stomach oil before consuming it, cooking it over a stone basin alongside many other passengers and their various breakfasts.
“Chase said he’d meet up with us this morning and give us some drinks. He has bottles of some kind of American beverage that, apparently, will change our lives. It’s a good opportunity to make connections, I think,” Aspin said to me.
“You trust Chase?” I asked. She simply shrugged in response, as though no further clarification was required.
Sure enough, the group of druids from the other day waited for us on a small nearby ship, seated around a rickety wooden table with three glass wine bottles full of an orange-ish liquid. Nora made room for Aspin and me next to her. I blushed and sat down, thanking her quietly.
“It’s something my family makes. A fruit blend with a northern flavour, sap from a maple tree.” Chase passed the bottles around and people started to take tentative sips. 
One of the druids made a sour face. “Alcohol?” He said, quickly passing the bottle on. Chase grinned.
I’d never been much for drinking. My father had made it clear that he held exponentially less respect for people who indulged in what he considered ‘expensive poison’. I assumed he had bad experiences in the past, though he never told me what.
The drink, when it reached me, wasn’t too bad overall. The flavour of maple was startlingly clear and very, very enjoyable. It reminded me somewhat of the smell of fall leaves, smoke, and the taste of brown sugar. Mixed with the fruits it was certainly interesting, but I’m pretty sure it would’ve been better on its own. I let Free taste a little bit from where he was seated in my satchel, causing him to chatter angrily.
Aspin took a larger swig than I. She seemed to enjoy it, taking another quick sip before passing the bottle along.
“Are you a fan of alcohol?” I asked her. She flashed me a somewhat guilty grin.
“Ah, everyone has their weaknesses. I can’t say I’d refuse free pint of ale,” she replied. “But I try not to go overboard. Not your thing?”
I shrugged. The pleasant burn of the drink lingered in my throat. Nora didn’t seem to want any. She gently placed her hand, a small black rune tattooed on the back, onto my knee and gave it a squeeze.
After a little while, Chase and his friends started to get rather tipsy and showed off a little magic. Nora, Aspin, and I laughed along at their tricks and games but remained seated together.
“So, your accent,” Aspin said to Nora. “I assume you’re from the islands?”
“I didn’t think it was very noticeable,” Nora replied. “But yes I am. And you’re Eurasian?”
“Eurasian? That’s a human term. We’re from the North Valley.” Aspin patted my shoulder.
“The what?” I asked quietly.
“It’s what we used to call our end of the continent before land started being divided between humans. The grassy lands were the Valley, the mountainous regions were the Petra, and so on. Our valley never learned French, even when the area was made a part of France. Most of us still reject human country names in Eurasia, but the same can’t be said all over the world,” Aspin explained. “Humans like to pretend that the world is theirs but-”
“It belongs to nobody,” Nora finished for Aspin. “A classic druid law, the ground we live on is lent space and we must give back to the Mother Earth who raises us.”
“That’s one of the many reasons druids despise technology,” Aspin said. “It’s horrible for nature. It weakens our power when we go against Mother Earth.” She spoke condemningly but I could tell she didn’t fully believe what she was saying.

Nora and I broke off from the group after a little while, walking around the decrepit wooden planks bridging small boats together. Our shoes were very wet, but she showed me that, using my water powers, I could simply draw out the moisture to remedy my soaking feet.
“Aspin is very sad,” she said to me. “I can hear it in her pounding heart.”
“Are you sad?” I asked. Nora looked a bit surprised.
“I think I may just be tired,” she replied. “Sometimes the world wears you out.”
I took Free out of my bag and he played around mine and Nora’s shoulders. She giggled, petting and holding him.
“I had a familiar, once,” she said to me, cradling Free in her arms like a baby. “He was a mighty hawkspawn. Creatures with wings like birds but claws like tigers, about the size of a small dog. Unfortunately, they have very short lifespans. But he lived longer than most.”
The silence between us was comfortable. Nothing needed saying, we were both at peace in the rocking of the waves. The boats all lurched with the high winds but inexplicably remained together. It was as terrifying as it gets on the Siren Helm. If the seasickness doesn’t make you lose your lunch, the smell of rotting fish and salty wood will. And yet, here we were, comfortable.
“I enjoy the sea,” Nora said, Free sitting atop her head and making small mewling noises. “My friends don’t like being on the water for as long as we have, but to me, it feels like home.”
“I don’t mind it but I think I miss solid flooring,” I said. Nora smiled.
“You’re an interesting person. I wonder if you’ll ever clear that fog in your mind. You always seem so distracted, it’s very intriguing.”
“How do you know there’s ‘fog’ in my mind?” I asked.
“It’s a talent,” she replied. I smiled and we both looked up at the cloudless sky as a flock of seagulls passed overhead. As we watched them, I thought to myself how I hoped that I had a talent as well.
Suddenly, we stopped walking. Free had gotten out his restlessness and made his way back into my bag. He slept like a cat, most hours of the day but in strange intervals. Nora turned, face to face with me.
Her golden eyes sparkled in the afternoon sun. Her tattoos were much smaller than Aspin’s, tiny runes that seemed to fit together like puzzle pieces on her muscular, tanned arms. She reached out, her hands holding my elbows and pulling me closer. 
Lips. Wet. Warm. I could feel her nose pressed against mine, her eyelashes brushing my cheeks, the way her hands squeezed my arms. My surprise melted in her embrace, the surprise of the kiss fading into enjoyment.
After a little while, she parted from me, releasing her grip on my arms and panting slightly.
“H-how did you know I was…” I murmured to her.
“I didn’t,” she replied. “But there were signs to give me hope.”
The two of us sat near a fire basin, the sun falling slightly, beginning to dip below the horizon.
“You care for that girl, Aspin,” Nora said. “I had a feeling, from the way you look at her. Don’t pity me, I know we have only a little time together here.”
My face was red. I didn’t really know how to reply. It felt like she already knew my thoughts, how I felt, how strange it was to be so different from other people. She seemed to be like a mirror to me, and the solemn expression on her beautiful face let me know there was someone out there she was missing.
“I don’t think she cares about me in that way,” I said quietly.
“Sometimes you have to take the leap. I think she’s scared of caring,” Nora replied, leaning her head on my shoulder. “I think you should stay by her side and become closer. It feels like there’s a wall between your hearts, like you hide who you are from each other. Even between friends that is far from good. I can only say you should be honest and things will follow from there.”
I really liked Nora, I liked the way she made me feel. I wanted to tell her so, but I was nervous. Besides, it felt like she could already tell.
“Seeing as you will not be joining us,” Nora said. “I’d like to leave you with a gift, perhaps to help your future endeavours.”
“What do you mean?” I asked.
“I could give you a rune,” she said, smiling. “My brother, he is a cleric. Taught me a thing or two back home. This rune, it’s small, no one will see it. Aspin will not be suspicious, if you’re worried.”
I didn’t think I needed to be worried, but what did I know?
Nora held my hands in hers and closed her eyes, muttering something in a language I couldn’t recognize. She then ran one hand up my arm and placed it on the back of my neck, sending a tingly sensation through my spine. She then pulled away, opening her eyes.
“There,” she said. “I gave you a sigil meant to strengthen water magic. It should allow you to control your powers over the sea with less energy spent, though you should practice still to become more familiar with your abilities.”
I felt the back of my neck. I couldn’t see it, obviously, but my skin felt different and I knew a rune was sitting there at the base of my skull, masked by my hair.
“Thank you,” I said, my heart thumping. My first rune. Nora shook her head with a smile.
“No need to thank me, really,” she said. “I just hoped to perhaps leave a part of myself with you. Now anyway, you should be getting some rest. I’ll see you soon.”
I headed back to the largest ship, climbing the wooden boxes arranged as makeshift stairs, and found my way back to my bed. My head was buzzing too much to really sleep but I rested, eyes wide open, in the fading light of the day pouring in through portholes. 

Morning came slowly. My weary mind had finally drifted off, thinking of water whirling around unknown faces. Aspin shook me awake and the two of us ate stale, yet tasty, bread for breakfast.
“A nice lady gave me these to share with you. It’s made with coconut milk! She said we could use the energy,” she told me, crumbs surrounding her lips. “You tossed around a lot in your sleep.”
“Oh,” I said. The truth was, I’d had the dream again. It was still blurry, still unclear, but the feelings persisted even after I’d been awake. Free, who had curled up on my stomach in the night, now sat next to me on the bed and chewed happily on the pieces of bread that fell from our loaves.
“I was thinking more about Skyport,” Aspin said. “Because we’ve been on the water so long. Was the feeling of walking between airships similar to the wooden planks here?”
“Definitely not,” I replied, shaking my head. “The gangways were far more stable, with railings and solid metal. I mean, sometimes the aircrafts feel a bit wobbly, but overall there wasn’t much difference between the sky and the ground.”
“Hmm.” Aspin chewed more on her bread.
“The cloud distilleries were always shaking around, though,” I said, the memories floating up to the surface of my mind. “From the movement of the machinery, you see. All the gangways and ships close to there would tremble, or vibrate, really. Like a hum in the metal. It was rather calming, actually.”
“What are cloud distilleries?” Aspin asked, arms wrapped around her knees. Free curled himself around her feet to take yet another nap.
“Big ships that would suck in surrounding clouds to be cooled and condensed back into water. It gets purified in big tanks and sent through the piping between the ships, generally attached to the bottom of the walkways. Lots got stored for selling, too. Turns out large amounts of pure, clean water is hard to get in most places.” I finished my bread..
“Ah, druids just brought pots of water from nearby rivers and lakes back to their homes and other establishments. Plumbing is… not very traditional.” Aspin gave the crust of her loaf to Free, who opened one tired eye and reached his small tongue out to the offered food.
“I’m pretty sure there are tons of traditional plumbing systems, but whatever works for you guys,” I replied. “From what I learned about history, places like Rome used to draw from water sources and create great plumbing without the use of much technology.”
Aspin shrugged.
“Still a more human thing. Druids prefer the methods taught to them by parents. If it wasn’t passed down through the generations, chances are it’s evil.”
I laughed. Aspin squinted her eyes and looked at me, her gaze almost accusatory.
“Wait a second,” she said. “So your ships take clouds out of the sky and turn it into water, which you then sell to places lacking rainfall? Doesn’t that sound a bit like… selling a solution to a problem you’ve created?”
I opened my mouth to respond, then paused to think about it.
“No, that’s ridiculous. Those places don’t get rainfall to begin with! I know what it seems like, but it’s more complicated than that.”
	Aspin nodded slowly, though her expression didn’t change. After a few awkward seconds, I cleared my throat and crossed my legs.
“So, about not really having a chance to sit down and talk…” I said. Aspin’s cheeks went red and she shrugged, looking away.
“Ah, forget it, I was just being defensive. Sorry for not telling you sooner, y’know, about your parents.” She reached out and patted my leg awkwardly. “I’m not much for secrets.”
“It’s alright,” I replied. “I think we could really benefit, though, from like… talking about ourselves. Helps us stay more connected, I guess.”
“Sure, if you say so,” Aspin said. “Why don’t you start us off with something nice and personal?”
I thought about my life. My tutors. My father. The ships. The sky. The world.
“My favourite place that I’ve ever visited was China. It’s this beautiful place in the Orient. One of the oldest countries there is,” I said, reminiscing about our travels.
China was one of the newest locations Skyport started landing in. It had been quite a bit of a back-and-forth between the Skyport benefactors, involving a lot of gifts and tributes, and the emperor to finally gain entrance, and the Chinese refused to purchase any Skyport goods. The only reason they’d been so set on China was the growing market in Eurasia and Britain for Oriental goods.
It was tough to deal with the cultural differences but for my father, it was worth the struggle. Skyport citizens were very hostile to the Chinese in general, so it was tough for someone as enthusiastic and culturally aware as him to be treated with respect. He always managed, somehow, to get guides to show us all sorts of interesting stuff. His bedroom was stocked with talismans and tokens from our visits.
“My father, you see, he hates the ground but… every time Skyport lands in China, he happily becomes a tourist. We used to go on quick visits to shrines and gardens, traditional shops, religious statues. It’s all China’s fault he loves tea so much, which is tough because he’s stuck steeping expensive leaves in lukewarm water.” 
Aspin giggled.
“Y’know…” I said. “China had a strong culture of mysticism and rituals. It was almost druidic, though none of their so-called magic really worked the way yours does. They were a fully-functioning modern society, more or less, and yet they incorporated heavy spiritualistic tendencies into every aspect of life.”
“If only it could be like that everywhere,” Aspin said, smiling.
“I feel that way too… I think Father would agree. When we were in China, it was the most excited and alive I ever really saw my father look.”
“Is he normally not very alive?” Aspin asked. I shrugged.
“Well, he’s always busy. He doesn’t really do anything besides plan his work, create his product. He wears himself out,” I said.
“My parents are similar, actually,” Aspin said, leaning back. “My mother is a regular old worker, a dedicated school teacher. But she was always concerned with community stuff. Volunteering any spare moment she had. The most I saw of her was at irregular mealtimes and parties. My father, however, works as a cleric and never stopped spouting really old traditionalist nonsense, considered regressive even by druid standards. He for sure wore himself out with his obsession with purity.”
“I’m sorry to hear that,” I said.
“Don’t be, really, it’s fine. Believe it or not, we still got on pretty well, and with my sisters, I was never bored. I love my family a lot.” She smiled, her eyes staring off, glazed over.
“I feel awful about how I reacted, initially, when my father told me the truth,” I admitted. “I feel so guilty for even thinking for a second that just because we aren’t really related that- that he isn’t family.” The knot in my stomach felt like it was unwinding. Tears sprung to my eyes. Aspin suddenly looked very concerned and moved closer to me, leaning against my shoulder.
“It’s ok. You’ll see him again, and besides. You’re still his family, no matter what.” Her hair fell against my side, dark brown waves pressed against my arm. “I’ll tell you the truth,” she muttered. “Despite my line of work, I’ve never even kissed somebody before. But I have a reputation now, so it’s likely I never will.”
“Don’t say that,” I said. “Your town is just a small corner of the world, no one around us knows who you are or - what you do. Did, I mean.”
She stayed quiet. My heart pounded in my ears as I gathered up my confidence. Was this the right time to tell her? Would there be another time?
“I don’t like men the way other girls do,” I said, voice cracking. “I like women.”
The silence continued. I could practically feel the gears spinning in Aspin’s head as my face flushed bright red. Regret ran through my veins. 
“A few of the girls back at work were, you know, like that,” Aspin said, slowly, carefully. “I have no problem with it. They were, y’know, normal. I won’t, um, regard you differently now. I’m glad you told me though.”
Lie. I knew she wanted to believe what she was saying but her voice was saturated with discomfort. I shut my eyes and bit my tongue, trying to numb the spinning sensation in my brain.
Aspin removed her head from my shoulder, trying to play it off. I felt a sharp pang in my chest. Of course.
Suddenly, painfully, I was reminded of the very first time I’d ever had a crush on a girl.

I was fourteen years old. Skyport really didn’t have many other children, but now and then a family would board temporarily whilst travelling from one stop to another. At that point in time, I was starting to notice pretty women, wondering why I felt the way I did.
Girls I’d met around my age loved giggling about boys and dreaming about starting families. I’d never understood it. Boys didn’t appeal to me. Even if I thought they weren’t bad looking, I didn’t find myself attracted to them. Was there something wrong with me?
In the midst of these thoughts, I’d met Juliet.
She was from a wealthy family. Her mother was married to a Lord, British of course, and she’d been raised with luxuries and servants and pretty dresses. Despite it all, Juliet was very down-to-earth and humorous, sweet and thoughtful. We’d gotten along immediately.
Her hair, curly red, was always done up so nicely. I loved the way it looked, the way she smelled from all the nice oils and soaps her wealth afforded her. She had cute freckles, every inch of skin covered by them. I loved looking at her neck and seeing them continue past her clavicle.
She wasn’t supposed to be on Skyport initially. According to her, her father had recently inherited property in Germany. Her mother had insisted that the two of them stay behind until the end of summer so that her private tutoring could be completed in peace. Then, the two of them were supposed to take a ferry through the Mediterranean. Unfortunately, they’d missed the boat, but Skyport was scheduled to pass through in only a couple of days and it made a stop close enough to their destination.
I could hardly care less how and why she was here, glad only that I’d gotten to meet her and be her friend.
But quickly things changed.
Her mother was suspicious of me upon our meeting. Later on during their stay, when Juliet was out of earshot, she’d minced no words to let me know exactly what she thought of me.
“I see the putrid way you look at her, you slag. Your family would be shamed, shamed I tell you, to know what manner of rotten girl you are. If I see you near Juliet again, I will tell anyone interested exactly what you are, exactly who you think it’s ok to lust after like some kind of deranged beast. God frowns upon you, child. I pray it is not too late for you.”
I avoided Juliet after that, and Juliet avoided me. It seemed her mother had told her just what she suspected me of. I was ashamed, thinking she was right. I was a rotten girl.
She never told anyone else that I had fancied her daughter. At the time I thought it was because I’d kept my promise, but looking back on it I know she was also protecting Juliet. Deep down, she wasn’t just afraid of what I was. She was afraid Juliet could’ve felt the same.

“Want to, um. Walk around a bit?” Aspin asked me, bringing me back to the present. “You can show me some of that magic you were practicing with Nora.”
There was something about the way she said Nora’s name. She probably figured something had happened between us, but she didn’t say any more.
The two of us stepped out into the sunshine, our feet sinking a little upon walking on the rotted boards. The stench of fish filled the salty air and I coughed, my lungs unprepared for the putridity. Aspin’s hand flew up to cover her nose.
“God, I forget every time just how awful it smells out here!” she said. We both laughed and moved to one of the little boats. I demonstrated my water magic prowess, making a lump of water bounce through the air, dripping a little with its movements. Aspin gave it a shot but she couldn’t get the water to move at all. 
As we sat and practiced different types of magic, someone screamed. The howling of the wind almost disguised the sound, but then there was another. And then a shout. Aspin and I stood up and looked around. 
“Holy shit,” I uttered. 
“Oh god,” Aspin said. An old man limped in our direction, his faded eyes wide with fear.
“Pirates!” He yelled as he hobbled away. A shot rang out and he fell face-down into the water that sat on the patchy gangway. Blood began to pool around him.
I wanted to scream but my lungs felt empty, my face was pale, my hands shook at my sides. Suddenly, snapping me out of my shock, Aspin grabbed my arm and yelled ‘run!’.
The two of us started towards one of the more unreliably attached boats. I pulled the knife from my satchel, ready to free the boat and make our escape, but blocking our path was a gruff man with a scar over his exposed chest and a hand missing two fingers. In his other hand was a musket, which he reached to reload. Aspin, more in her right mind than I, positioned herself and thrust her fist forward, firing a blast of energy right at the man’s chest. He yelled as he fell backwards and we continued past him, trying our best not to slip on the shoddy path.
“Where’re you going, ladies?” I turned my head for a split second and saw two men, taller and gruffer than the last, with blades in their hands and rotten-toothed grins on their faces. They started running after us, their feet pounding on the wooden planks.
“We’re in more trouble,” I said to Aspin, puffing from the exertion.
“Just keep going!” She replied, not turning at all. Just then, her foot slipped into a gap between a piece of scrap metal and a bit of wood. She cried out, falling down. I stopped, trying to catch my breath as I bent down to pull on her foot but the pirates were getting close.
	I held out my hand, ignoring the pounding of my heart, concentrating only on the roaring of the sea. A large puddle of water rose from around us, forming into a blobby pseudo-cat. I willed it to lunge forwards and, sure enough, it bent down into a crouched position and then sprang towards the pirates. They had hesitated at first sight of the aqueous creature and with it now jumping towards them, they stumbled back. Aspin used the time to dislodge herself and we both began to get up-
	“Gotcha, princess,” a man said. I lost my focus and the cat fell down harmlessly as seawater once more. The owner of the voice was holding Aspin from behind, a steely grip on her arms. She tried to shake herself free but his fingers just dug in more. She tried to wriggle her fist, but whatever magic she was attempting was too weak to have any effect. 
	I wished more than anything at that moment to be more resilient but my mind was processing, I was reeling, I couldn’t gather my thoughts. I looked helplessly at Aspin, who looked angrily up at her captor, who stared at me with rage-filled eyes reading ‘you’re next’.
	What happened next was a blur. Aspin was suddenly running towards me, the man was down on his knees, and Nora stood triumphantly behind him with her hand out, her eyes narrowed, her whole body shaking. Blood was splattered all around us. Whose blood was it, I asked myself? Mine? Aspin’s?
	Taking her opportunity, Aspin stomped on the man’s head and he fell unconscious onto the wooden planks. She pulled me over to the boat and I finally snapped back to reality, taking my knife and cutting through the rotted ropes. 
	When I looked up, I felt my heart stop.
	Nora’s eyes were wide, staring directly into mine. Piercing through her chest was the bloodied blade of a pirate’s sword. Her arms twitched at her side as her eyes met mine, mouth twisting in agony.
	Someone was shaking my shoulder desperately.
	“Leah! Leah, for god’s sake, use your water magic!” Aspin yelled, pulling my head to face her. “We need to go. Don’t let this be in vain.”
	I summoned all my rage and energy and thrust it towards the water. Our boat flew across the sea, propelling us away from the Siren Helm and the pirates. We shot out, water splashing over the edge of our boat.
Chapter 11
The prior events were beginning to settle in. Bile rose to my throat and I turned, throwing up into the ocean, retching and coughing. Aspin patted my back comfortingly, though her expression was numb.
	“Hey, um…” She said, looking around. “Did you happen to see Free at all when we woke up? I don’t see him with you…”
	I looked up, wiping my mouth and trying to ignore the sting of tears in my eyes.
	“He was with us this morning, in my bag…” I reached into the satchel, which I’d thankfully managed to keep with me. He wasn’t there.
	“Oh my god, Leah… look!” Aspin suddenly shouted, leaning over the edge of our boat and tipping it slightly. I stumbled and then followed her gaze. In the water, bobbing just barely visible above the surface was a white tail. Then a little brown nose. Then a pair of paws, desperately churning the sea as a tiny figure made its way over to us. 
	“I think I can move him with my magic,” I said, positioning myself and taking a deep breath. 
	Carefully, I focused on the water around Free’s flailing body and lifted it. He looked panicked but stopped his movements, instead looking below him as his body slowly rose into the air. The water bubble quivered as I moved it; the weight of Free was making it a lot harder. After a few long minutes he hovered over our boat and I let go.
	Aspin and I were officially entirely soaked. Free looked startled and frightened but still curled up on my lap. He shivered, quietly making sad mewling noises. 
	“We’re all alive, and in one piece,” Aspin said through shaky breaths, finally showing how worn out she was. “Leah, are you ok?”
	I didn’t know how to reply. The look on Nora’s face felt burned into my memory, her fear and her stubbornness, the way she helplessly stared into my eyes as the life left her body. I started feeling queasy again.
	Aspin understood I couldn’t formulate an answer. She rubbed my back, though her hands were shaking.
	“Alright. W-we need to focus on getting back to land because we don’t really have provisions.” Aspin was shivering too. Clouds blotted out the sun and water made our clothes cling to our skin. I was suddenly aware of how cold I, too, was feeling.
	“Well, we can’t really tell what direction we’re facing, what with the weather,” I replied. “There has to be a way for us to know how to head back to the mainland.”
	“Let’s think about this,” Aspin said. “The ship wasn’t too far from the shore, we were essentially travelling north up the coast of France. So if we know which direction the shore is from our position, it shouldn’t take us too long to get there.”
	“Yeah, but the sun is completely hidden and we got spun around quite a bit in our escape. Is there some magic thing you can do to find where east is?”
	“I don’t know! I’m not, like, a navigator. I only know what children are taught. The sun rises in the east and sets in the west and that’s as helpful as I’m going to be. They didn’t focus much on the cardinal directions in alchemy training..”
	We tried to think. I looked at the Siren Helm, barely a dot on the horizon now just behind us. Its course had changed dramatically since the pirates took over, it wouldn’t work as a landmark. I didn’t know enough about currents to use them to my advantage. The clouds created too thick a blanket across the sky to see the sun.
	“I just remembered a bit of magic,” Aspin said, hope returning to her eyes. “I can clear the clouds a little bit, and it’s still early in the morning so-”
	“We can see where east is,” I said, excited. “Before we start any of that, do you know any magic that dries us?”
	Aspin shivered on cue and looked at Free curled into a wet ball.
	“Um. I think if you just try to clean yourself, it’ll get the water off. I haven’t tried it before.” Aspin sat for a second with her eyes closed. She shook herself and then, to my surprise, the water looked like it fell right off of her onto the boat. Her hair poofed out into a frizzy mess, but she still glowed with beauty. I then remembered Nora’s advice, instead attempting to use my power to draw the water off of me and back into the ocean. I managed to dispel a bit of the moisture but my hair was left quite damp. I felt a little less cold, though, so I considered it a success.
	“So, hold my hand,” Aspin said. “I’m gonna borrow some of your power because clearing this many clouds will take a lot of energy.”
	I nodded and reached out. Aspin hesitated before grasping my hand but then gave it a gentle, supportive squeeze. 
	“Alright, just let your mind go blank,” she said. “I’m using a technique that drains some of your magic away so you might feel woozy but don't worry, it’s temporary.”
	Sure enough, my body started to feel tired. I drooped a little while she sat, holding my hand. It was like I was falling asleep where I sat.
	After she let go, I noticed the warmth on my skin. The sun was shining down, breaking through the once dense layer of cloud above us. I looked over at Aspin and we both grinned.
	“Alright, it’s still early morning-ish, so the sun… over there…” Aspin held her hand up to try and properly place the sun relatively to us. “Ok! So, that’s east and over here is west. We know where to go!”

I had to rest a bit before I could use water magic to move our boat, but we felt accomplished nonetheless. Aspin pet Free, who was still rather wet and cold, humming a little and keeping her eyes pointed in the direction we needed to go. Once I felt lively enough, I began to move the water and send our ship towards France.
“We’re gonna be here a while, even though we aren’t too far from land,” Aspin said. “I guess we should probably come out with what’s on our minds. Like… why pirates would attack the ocean city.”
“I was wondering about that,” I said, frowning. “If pirates are such a problem, why aren’t there better security measures?”
“Pirates aren’t such a problem,” Aspin said. “The thing is, Siren Helm is essentially worthless. It’s for travel. And clearly, those pirates weren’t after hostages…”
I felt sick again, the memory still too raw and vivid.
“So what were they doing?” I asked. Aspin sighed.
“I don’t know. But there was clearly something on board worth their time.”
I remembered, then, the people I’d seen leaving the shore. Those were the pirates, I realized. But why did they attack? Clearly, they waited until we were too far from the port for anyone to see, probably also until the people on board had grown comfortable and were easy to catch off-guard.
I felt guilty. Should I have been more suspicious of the people leaving after the Siren Helm? Would it have really made a difference?
“There’s something else…” Aspin said. “Something I wanted to ask.”
“Hmm?”
She chewed on her lip for a moment.
“Ah, forget it, it’s nothing. I’m an idiot.” She looked to the horizon. “Let’s just get going.”
Chapter 12
It took about four hours to get back to shore. Aspin ended up taking a nap, with Free changing his seating position so that he could curl up on her restful body. I blanked out now and then, a few times I was worried that we’d lost our direction. The rain would start and stop every half-hour or so, stirring Aspin long enough for her to ask if we were close yet.
I used the telescopic magic often to ensure that land remained within view once we were close enough, but even then it took an hour to fight the current and actually hit the shore. Gently, our boat was lodged onto the sand. I shook Aspin awake and she smiled sleepily at me.
“Hey,” I said quietly, lifting Free up and placing him into my satchel. “Hey, we made it, we’re on land.”
“That’s great, thank you.” Aspin sat up carefully and yawned, stretching her arms. She was still half asleep.
We stepped off the boat and instantly I realized how sore my body was. The wood had left me feeling creaky and bruised. Aspin was having a similar reaction. She bent over, pressing on her mid-back and groaning.
“We made it!” She exclaimed after sufficiently stretching herself out. “Now what?”
I hadn’t thought this far. We’d lost our mode of transportation. How would we find my parents now?
“I guess, um, we need to find a town and then go from there,” I said. Aspin nodded.
“How to go about that, I suppose, is the problem,” she said. “We should probably split up.”
“How will we find each other?” I asked. “Once one of us has found a town, I mean.”
“Remember that technique we did back in Belleaux?” Aspin asked. “We can do that again, and then use the bond to alert and guide one another.”
It took a couple of minutes to replicate the awkward positioning, lining up our ‘souls’ and focusing. It took much more energy this time, and a lot longer. Once we felt that ‘click’, Aspin and I slid apart without saying much. Both of our faces were bright red and I couldn’t help feeling guilty for making things so awkward.
“I’ll take north, you take south?” Aspin said, shifting on her feet. I nodded.
“So, um, if we don’t find each other by the time the bond ends…” I said. “Should we meet back here?”
“Yeah, we should be able to find our way back,” Aspin replied. She spun around, facing north. She tilted her head just enough for me to see her eyes. “Good luck,” she said, starting to walk.

I tried my luck at using my water magic to walk across the water, but I just sank straight down. I needed to practice a bit more, I supposed, before I tried making up spells. Free had finally dried off fully and was gaining his energy back. I fed him a few scraps from our rations and he jumped around at my side, happy to be back on land.
The coast was a bit chilly, the ocean winds whipping by my hair. I shivered and clutched my clothing closer to my skin, which still stung with salt. I tried my best not to think about the events on the boat, nor the way Nora smiled at me or the smell of her hair or the way she laughed. Every memory was shadowed with the way her blood stained her skin and the fear that marked her final expression.
Instead, I focused on the forest on the horizon. The trees were a bright, summery green, spreading as far as they could to soak up every last ray of sunshine. It was a happy and sunny day, perfect for a casual stroll on the beach. I pretended to be relaxing, aimless, tranquil. It didn’t work.
I felt a tug on my heart. Not a figurative tug, either, it felt like I was being pulled from the inside. I turned around, facing the direction I was being led to. Free seemed a bit confused to see us backtracking, but nevertheless enjoyed hopping around on the sand.
It took me at least two hours to follow the tugging, but it grew stronger and stronger the closer I got. After I stepped off the beach I realized that we were in a rather hilly, rock-covered environment with thick vegetation. As nice as it was to look around, I worried that the spell tying Aspin and I together would end before I could find her, so I started to jog. Free found this even more entertaining, leaping beside me and chittering cheerfully. Before long, I could see the buildings marking a city come into view.
“Leah!” Aspin’s voice rang out from behind a large rock. “You made it!”
My heart stopped tugging and instead sped up, thumping against my ribcage at the sight of Aspin. 
“You found a city!” I said, a bit out of breath. Aspin nodded.
“Indeed! And we’re in luck; there are druids here.”
“It’s a druid city?” I asked. She shook her head.
“No, it’s druids and humans. We’re safe!”
I grinned wide.
“That’s the best news I’ve heard all day,” I said. “Shall we?”

Aspin led me into town, detailing to me what she’d already explored. Apparently, there was a bed-and-breakfast run by a kind family of druids not a ten-minute walk from here and they were willing to let us sleep in two of their rooms for free.
“Why’d they agree to that?” I asked.
“Well,” Aspin rubbed the back of her head. “I may have told them we were escaped slaves, on the run from the British.”
“What?” I didn’t want to sound upset. “Why not- why not-”
“Why not what?” Aspin said. “We can’t tell them the truth. And druids are too smart for any illusioning magic with coins.”
I pursed my lips.
“We could just tell them we survived a pirate attack and lost our stuff, that we need a place to stay, wouldn’t they be sympathetic to that?” I asked. Aspin made a face.
“Probably not as much. The British and druid conflict is what’s really resonating these days.”
I said nothing. There were probably better, more honest arrangements we could’ve made, but what was done was done.
I let Free out of my satchel. There were only druids around, after all, and I doubted they would judge me for having a familiar. I noticed his fur was looking a little matted from the salt and the sand, but then again, I wasn’t looking much better.
“I don’t see any humans,” I said. Aspin laughed.
“Of course not, we’re in the druid part of town after all,” she replied.
“But you said…” I was confused. “But humans and druids live here.”
“Yeah, but not in the same neighbourhoods. They have the town divided up so druids live near other druids, and close to druid businesses, and vice versa for the humans. They share a city council, vote on the same town officials, but otherwise, they hardly interact.”
I couldn’t help wondering what the point was. I looked around at the druids, who seemed happy enough, and wondered if they were judging me. I looked like a human, after all, and I was in their half of the city.
Aspin led me into the bed and breakfast. We were in two rooms, separated by a wall, thin enough to hear one another clear our throats or sneeze. The lady at the reception of the inn seemed a bit perplexed by my appearance, but Aspin told her it was a disguise. She didn’t seem totally convinced.
“Remember what that lady said, back in Belleaux?” I said to Aspin as we partook in breakfast, which was bland but satisfying.
“Mm?” She stuffed some more fried egg in her mouth. Free sat on the table next to my plate, letting me push little bits of food into his mouth and then chewing them carefully. He was a dainty eater.
“I’m recognizable. My parents’ faces were plastered on wanted posters or something. What if that’s what brought the pirates to the ocean city?”
She wiped yolk from her chin.
“To tell you the truth, I don’t think you’re very recognizable. Maybe to her, because she’s pretty old, but it’s doubtful that many people are gonna remember the details on wanted posters from twenty years ago,” she said. “I wouldn’t worry about it.”
“If you say so,” I replied, eating my own breakfast. I was getting really tired of druid cooking. It was tasteless, often overcooked and tough, stale, gross. I had no idea how they could handle this stuff. Even the egg was bad; there was no salt, no pepper, nothing to mop up the spilled yolk. But Aspin didn’t seem to mind it.
“So we should probably get from here to Catarine,” Aspin said. “I already asked around about the nearest train station, and it’s only a two-day horse ride from here. I figured it wouldn’t be hard to find someone willing to bring us along, apparently salesmen regularly travel from here to there.”
“Well, that’s perfect then,” I said. “Catarine, I assume it’s a human town?”
“Of course,” Aspin replied. “Druids don’t like trains, believe it or not.”
I nodded. Unsurprising.
“So when do we leave?” I asked.
“I bargained for two nights here, just so we can gather our strength. Does that sound alright to you?”
“Yeah, perfect,” I said. As much as I hated losing travel time, I knew we weren’t exactly on a tight schedule. We could use the rest. I was used to the fast pace of Skyport, having a flight plan to stick to and clients to serve. I smiled, remembering my father rushing onto Ouroboros with arms full of metal he had purchased and me, running right behind him. Barely getting onto the ship before scheduled take-off was a rush, something he and I would laugh about over dinner.
“I also wanted the extra day here to try and practice magic with you,” Aspin said. “We can find some specialist druids as well, if you’re interested in that aspect of our culture.”
My heart skipped a beat, feeling like a child invited to a birthday party. She wanted to introduce me to more druid culture? Wanted to mentor me?
“That would be amazing,” I said, smiling. My cheeks flushed, not enough to be noticeable, but enough to make me feel embarrassed. Nora’s kind face flashed across my mind again, her far-off gaze as she talked about Aspin and me. I couldn’t be feeling like a stupid lovesick teenager right now. It wasn’t fair to her.
We were finished eating. Together, we walked down the city streets, Free settling atop my shoulders. I was surprised by how empty the roads were.
“Druids are morning creatures,” Aspin said. “We’re up at the crack of dawn, we get where we need to be, then we don’t emerge again until the sun sets. Or, at least, that’s what it’s always like in the places I’ve been. Lively only in the morning and night.”
As we walked, rain started to fall. Free chattered, scurrying into my satchel and Aspin laughed.
“I know a simple technique to stay dry in the rain,” she said. “Want me to show you?”
I nodded, my hands forming a little roof above my head in futile efforts to protect my newly-dried hair. She gestured to the few druids who were out and about, and sure enough, it appeared the rain was falling everywhere but the space they walked.
Aspin took a deep breath in. She exhaled softly, slowly, and the rain seemingly parted around her, forming a dry bubble with a foot or so of clearance from her body.
“All you have to do,” she said. “Is picture the area surrounding you and project energy into it, upwards, actively thinking about the rain clearing.”
Shockingly, I got the hang of it without nearly as much trouble as I had with other spells. Once I was standing in my personal weather sphere, raindrops avoiding me completely, I rubbed the back of my neck. Did Nora’s sigil help me?
“Hey, you did it!” Aspin said, beaming.
“Yeah, I guess I did,” I replied, though my stomach churned. We continued walking aimlessly, Free staying in my bag out of fear of the rain. I guess he’d really had enough of getting wet.
I got a lot of opportunities to use magic throughout the morning, Aspin relating a few of them to her tattoos.
“You see this rune here?” She raised her arm to show me the underside where a symbol that resembled a spindly tree was visible. “It allows you to effectively drain energy from your surroundings. Pretty useful if you’ve been doing a lot of magic.”
“How does that work?” I asked.
“Well, the basic technique is to grasp onto things around you associated with nature and life. Then you have to imagine a trail leading from it to your soul. Having a rune makes the process quicker, but you should give it a try! The practice will do you good.”
She pointed to a weed sprouting between the stones of the road beneath us. I bent down and tried to replicate her instructions. It didn’t feel like much, but the weed sagged a little more, as if wilting.
“There you go, obviously a dandelion isn’t going to contain a lot of energy but you did do it,” Aspin said.
“Is that how you share energy with other druids?” I asked. “Like when you were borrowing my magic, I mean.”
Aspin nodded, smiling.
“You’re getting the hang of things,” she said.
Eventually, the streets became more crowded. This was, I realized, because we had entered the human part of town.
People gave Aspin and I dirty looks as we walked by, muttering to each other, staring at her as if she were a puddle in their way. You could see their disgust even under their umbrellas. Our rain-dispersing magic made us stand out, clearly. Perhaps, I thought hopefully, they’re just jealous.
“We should turn back,” Aspin said.
“Why are they looking at us like that?” I asked. “They live with druids.”
“Well, they live next to druids. It’s not like they’re getting married or starting businesses together or sharing housing districts.” She glared back at someone passing by. “Believe me, if there had been more druids about, you’d have noticed you’re getting those same looks.”
“Why even live in the same town?” I asked. “They clearly hate each other.”
“Not exactly…” Aspin said. “Druids and humans have a delicate balance. Their shared towns are a way of declaring that they trust one another, but that doesn’t make them best friends. They still have different cultures. Towns like this, well, druids and humans will help each other to an extent. But there are rules, written or not. And we’re breaking them.”
We turned around, going back into the tranquil druid territory. It was ridiculous, I thought. They hardly get along at all. Eurasia was practically one step away from being where Britain was these days. I glanced at Aspin. Her eyes were angry, focused on the ground. It was pretty clear which side she would be on.
But what about me?
Finally, Aspin perked up a bit. She showed me pretty much all her tattoos, describing to me the ones she couldn’t reveal in public.
“There’s a few I earned from the alchemy training,” she said. “This one’s for energy sacrifice. Allows me to transfer energy to conduct alchemical techniques more effectively, every beginner gets it.” She pointed to a sigil on the left side of her neck, an infinity-symbol enveloping a circle.
“You’re running out of space for all those runes,” I said. Aspin laughed.
“Ahh, not really. My legs aren’t even half-covered, nor is my stomach.”
“What do druids do when their runes have coated their whole body? Do they just stop getting runes?” I asked, gaining another laugh.
“It’s unlikely to happen, first of all, but if it does, clerics offer rune removals and repositioning. They charge you for it though!” she explained. “Only highly professional or academically oriented druids ever get that far.”
“You’ll get there,” I said. “I know it.”
Aspin’s cheeks flushed a little and she averted her gaze.
“You will too, probably before me,” she said. “You’re learning quickly, even with your half-human soul.”
I glowed with pride. It was getting easier and easier to do spells, even if it took a little practice, and my water magic was stronger than ever. I wondered if my parents would be proud of me, seeing how much I’d improved on my journey to find them.
The rain continued to fall around us, plinking pleasantly in the puddles that formed below. It was a peaceful day, at least when there weren’t any humans around. Maybe this was how it would always be; druids and humans are too different, it seemed, to really get along.
Chapter 13
The bed was comfortable, clean, made neatly. The inn may not have had great food, but they clearly put a lot of care into the upkeep of their rooms. Free was happy to be back indoors and he jumped out of my bag, lying down like a lazy cat on the foot of the bed.
	“Goodnight, Leah.” Aspin’s voice, muffled, came through the wall.
	“Goodnight,” I replied, but I wasn’t ready to go to bed quite yet.
	I pulled the journal out of my bag, determined to have a thorough read. Thankfully the rain hadn’t reached it. The leather craftsmanship of the satchel was evident and my heart pounded, thinking of my father. God how I missed him.
	The second and third entries weren’t exciting. They detailed a trip taken with the author’s father to see a travelling cirque. They did, however, provide a little more context for the author herself.
It seemed her name was Annie, whether or not it was a nickname I didn’t know yet. She was living in Britain and spoke primarily English, with a limited knowledge of French as well. Her relationship with her father was clearly rocky after the death of her mother, but he seemed to be trying his best. Needless to say, my heart went out to her.
The fourth entry, however, was made a month or so after the third and really struck a chord.

It’s unfair. I don’t look like a druid, not at all. Everyone always tells me I look like Father. I can’t even do magic all that well. I meditate every day to harness my ‘inner energy’, just like Mother used to do with me, but without her there, I feel like I’ll never master it. 
	I can’t help but resent him. Some part of me, some evil and demonic bit, wishes he’d died and not Mother. Then I could still learn magic. It’s not fair, though. I love Father very much.
	Sometimes I want to run away. I know where the nearest druids live. I bet they’d teach me and give me runes too. I want to look more like Mother.
	Father’s proud of me. He says I do very well in school and will be able to take on whatever profession suits my fancy. I just want to be a druid.

I could feel my heart ache. The squeezing in my chest made me feel out of breath, light-headed. It almost seemed like she was talking to me directly, touching an intimate part of my soul and sharing a piece of her own.
	Tears in my eyes, sobs and hiccups shaking my chest, I tucked myself into the well-made bed, trying not to disturb Free. It took me a while to fall asleep, my thoughts dancing with memories of fear and love and sadness.

We spent our second day looking around town. Just as the day before, the streets were quiet. There were a few people around but they were too wrapped up in their own tasks to notice Aspin and I wandering around like lost tourists.
Aspin showed me some druid shops. It was interesting to see the differences and similarities, though overall they were practically the same as with humans. They sold herbs and potions and enchanted objects, but everything was set up similarly to how the craftsmen back in Skyport organized their stock. Britain, however, had long since moved away from soulful, hand-crafted goods. You were more likely to come across a shelf lined with identical, mass-produced metal tins than see a single sewn doll.
Aspin helped me tuck my ears out of the way so people wouldn’t be as immediately suspicious, which certainly helped me blend in. No one else seemed to recognize me, as Aspin predicted, which was at least to our advantage.
She attempted to follow through with her previous suggestion of meeting some specialized druids but there didn’t seem to be many highly skilled magical services being offered in the town. She did, however, tell me a little about druid jobs and try to explain their culture to me.
“If you’re a druid who wants to make a living selling something, you generally don’t even finish school. You can become a journeyman and start growing herbs or making magical objects whenever you feel ready, really. But there are a few druid versions of universities where we can learn specific techniques and skills. Though we don’t earn titles officially the way humans do, we get marks indicating our levels of mastery,” she told me. “Most people settle for apprenticeships, if they’re available, simply because you start making money right away.”
“Is it hard to enrol in those sorts of programs?” I asked.
“Not particularly, only because not too many people apply for positions. There were maybe ten other druids in my hometown interested in alchemy,” she replied. “The druid population keeps shrinking and shrinking while humans multiply.”
“Oh,” I said.
We went back to the inn by early evening, still tired from the events two days prior. As we said our goodnights, I wondered if I’d ever fit into the world of the druids. For Aspin, it was all she’d known until now, so comparatively I felt naive and immature.
Learning magic didn’t make me more druidic, I realized. There was so much more to becoming… like them. Did I even want to? I missed living with my father. I missed human customs and human food, especially.
Would I ever fit in with humans again, though?
I tried not to think about that as I fell asleep.

Aspin woke me up with a firm rap on my door. With great difficulty, I pulled myself out of bed, greeting her at the doorway with tired eyes and bedhead.
	“We better get going,” Aspin said. “The weather’s nice today. We can try to hitch a ride to Catarine.”
	I nodded, too tired to really care. I’d had that nightmare again. It was getting more clear every time I had it, but I didn’t quite know what it meant yet. I could feel it, somewhere deep inside I knew, but it had yet to emerge from my subconscious.
	I packed Free into my satchel, brushed the tangles out of my hair to the best of my ability, then met up with Aspin at the breakfast.
	“Good morning, ladies,” the kind lady at the inn reception said. “I hope you’ve enjoyed your stay. And,” she continued, lowering her voice. “I hope you’re able to get where you need to go safely. I’ve heard the British have been allying with the French recently to try and round up escaped druids. It’s just a rumour, though, I’m sure in towns like this one, we’re perfectly safe.”
	“We’ll be just fine, thank you for everything,” Aspin replied, smiling kindly at the woman. “You’re a saint, ma’am, we would already be back in Britain if it weren’t for you.”
	Breakfast was, again, bland and disappointing. I did come out of it feeling full of energy, however, so I was willing to put my tastes aside. We embarked through town, cutting through what appeared to be a druid marketplace setup. It was, Aspin noted, one of the only times you’d see druids hanging around during the afternoon.
There were people using magic to create flames and blow glass, shaping it, again, using magic. They created beautiful glass creatures; dragons, horses, lions, and then displayed them at their stand, ready to be sold. It was incredible to watch.
Other stands were covered in decorated tubes, capped off at either end, with runic writing to distinguish between them.
“Rituals,” Aspin said. “That’s what humans call them. The scrolls inside those tubes are instructional guides for different sorts of techniques. Good scribes are hard to come by, druids rely heavily on word of mouth.”
“That’s interesting,” I said, gesturing to a stand set up with what appeared to be pots cooking all by themselves, wooden spoons stirring without anyone guiding them. Inside the pots, however, was not food. I couldn’t tell what it was, but it looked far from edible.
“They’re making potions. Druids love to show off,” Aspin explained. I laughed. It was an impressive spectacle. “Potions are made of herbs and water imbued with energies. It’s a lot more complicated than you’d think,” she continued. “Most druid crafts are. That’s why I never got into any.”
I was reminded of my trip with West. As amazing as all the potions looked up on shelves, watching them being made was a whole different experience.
After we passed through the marketplace, Aspin having to physically tear me away from its allure, she led me to the outskirts of town, to the east, where horse-drawn carts were preparing to take off.
	“If we find a druid cart,” she whispered. “I can tell them the same story and I bet they’ll let us ride for free.”
	We couldn’t, however, find a druid headed to Catarine or anywhere close. Eventually, Aspin admitted we would need to start asking the humans.
	“You should probably do it,” she said.
	“I don’t really like talking to people…” I said, fidgeting. But her insistent eyes convinced me. I started by just telling people we needed a ride, but I was sneered at and ignored. After being shrugged off for the third time, I grabbed some pebbles off the ground and transformed them, guilt gnawing at me the whole time.
	“Excuse me, sir, but my friend and I are looking to get to Catarine,” I said to the man at the head of the next cart over. “Are you going past it?”
	He glanced at me then looked away. Clearing my throat, I held the false coins in my palm, facing up at him. Looking at me again and noticing the money, he broke into a grin.
	“Well, sweetheart, I just so happen to be headed by there,” he said, picking the pieces up out of my hand. “Tell yer friend to hop on the back with the wooden crates. We’ll get going when you say so!”
	I went back to Aspin and noticed she’d arranged her hair to hide her ears. It wasn’t much of an improvement; the tattoos gave her away immediately. We sat on the cart, arranging our bodies to be nestled in between what appeared to be crates of apples. I waved to the man, shouting that we were ready, and off the cart went down the road.
	“Thanks for doing that,” Aspin said. “No humans would let me make a deal with them, or I would’ve…”
	“Hey, it’s alright. I haven’t done much for us on this journey, I oughta start helping out.” I smiled. “You’ve been a great companion.”
	Aspin laughed.
	“I’ve been told I’m rather mother-like before,” she said. “I like taking care of others. Being helpful. So I don’t mind at all.”
	That’s good, I thought to myself. I like being taken care of.
	The cart ride was less than pleasant. The crates bruised us up, every bump in the road made Free screech inside the bag, and it was near impossible not to get thrown around whenever the cart turned even a little. I grabbed onto Aspin a lot, partially to keep myself from flying off the back of the cart but also just to feel safer. She let me, which I hoped meant she was growing a bit more comfortable around me.
	After riding all day, the man at the head of the cart stopped his horses. The sun was setting behind us.
	“Feel free to sleep wherever. Ground, cart, doesn’t matter t’me,” he grunted. Aspin pulled out the blankets we’d bought and we laid on the ground, cold and uncomfortable. I was thankful for the fading light; the driver had yet to notice Aspin was a druid. I didn’t know if he’d kick us off the ride, but it wasn’t worth risking.
	I noticed he’d left his coin pouch sitting on the front of the cart. I snuck towards it and pulled out the false coins, which had reverted back to being pebbles. As quickly as I could I retransfigured them, praying he wouldn’t notice, then went to sleep.

The ride the next day was a lot smoother. The closer we got to Catarine, the more worn the roads were and the easier it was to roll over them.
	“You tossed a lot last night,” Aspin said. “Were you that uncomfortable?”
	“I keep having this nightmare,” I confessed. “I think it might be because of my parents.”
	“Your parents?”
	“Yeah, I mean, it’s like I’m imagining them abandoning me. It’s pretty realistic-feeling, but I was a baby. I wouldn’t remember that,” I said. Aspin bit her bottom lip.
	“You never know. It could be a memory,” she said. “Stranger things have happened.”
	“I doubt it,” I said.
	It was early evening when the man stopped the cart, letting us off. We were a ten-minute walk from Catarine, he said, and he needed to head down a different road now. I thanked him, making sure Aspin was behind me, out of view, and he headed off on his way without any trouble.
	“Alright,” Aspin said, watching his cart disappear into the evening horizon. “Well, now onto the next step in our journey.”
	She reached into her bag, pulling out a nice dress. It resembled something I’d wear to a high-class restaurant. 
“Why are you getting changed?” I asked. Aspin reached into her satchel and pulled out some folded fabric, offering it to me.
“I had packed some outfits that would cover my tattoos if need be. This’ll help us blend in and stave off suspicion. Can you help me put on this neckpiece? You don’t have to put on anything but the dress,” she said, adjusting her gloves and petting Free.
“From what I heard from the druids at the inn, Catarine’s very hostile to our kind. I’m lucky to have brought this. You looking as human as you do will probably be enough to convince people we aren’t druids, thankfully,” she said as I helped her get dressed.
I put on the dress Aspin gave me. It was nicer than most things I owned, dyed a rusty red colour. It fit like Aspin’s own, making us look rather like sisters. She wore a large bonnet to hide her ears, whereas I tucked my hair behind mine. Look, I was saying, look how human I am. I was careful, though, that it draped over my neck, concealing Nora’s tattoo.
After struggling to get Free to stay in my satchel, we waltzed right into town. It was far nicer than Belleaux, smelling of bakeries and smoke instead of dead fish and salt. I’d always been fond of the smell of tobacco because it reminded me of the holidays when I got to go shopping in big cities with Father. People smoking out in the cold winter air, old cigars littering the ground… as gross as it may seem to many, it was a fond memory for me.
“So now what?” Aspin asked me, snapping me out of my daze.
“I could ask you the same,” I said. “This was your plan, to come here.”
“Fair enough. I guess we just need to find a hotel, then the train station.” Aspin adjusted her hat, pulling it further down over her ears.
“Alright, that’s a fair plan,” I replied. Her disguise was suspicious, there was no way around that. I worried it would get us into trouble, but said nothing. She was doing her best.
We walked along the well-laid-out roads, pieced together with clay bricks in an intricate puzzle that somehow all came together. The shops and other establishments had signs written in French, making it a bit hard to decipher. I tried my best with my limited grasp on the language (thanks to my tutelage), and could just manage to find ‘un hôtel’. Aspin feigned awe, bless her heart, thanking me for ‘being so worldly’.
Before going into the hotel, we had picked up some stones and took great care disguising them as coins. I felt a little bad for cheating these people out of their money, but it was better than sleeping on the streets. Aspin didn’t seem to feel any remorse for the ‘hateful humans’.
When we got to the room, it was finally time to relax. I took off my dress, which had become rather stifling, and put on a nightgown. Aspin merely loosened her corset and slumped into an unladylike slouch on the side of her bed.
“We’re alive,” she said quietly. “After everything on the ocean city, that stupid rowboat, and then that damned cart, we’ve really been through the wringer.”
“A long, arduous day to be sure.” I clambered underneath the soft quilt on the bed, Free cuddling against me.
“That’s quite the word, arduous,” Aspin said. “You’re smart, aren’t you?”
“Not really. Well read, maybe, but not all that smart,” I replied. “Even though it’s rather uncommon for people of my social stature to be learning to read, my father insisted. I love it so much.”
“All druids learn to read,” Aspin said, flopping back onto the bed. “We read ancient runes, some Latin, but English mostly.”
“Do you like books and literature?” I asked.
“I’ve never had much of a chance to explore it,” she replied. “I’m not all that good at reading, really. It takes me a while to think about the words and what they sound like.”
“You may just need some practice,” I said. “I know; we’ll get you a good book. Then you can decide whether or not you like it.”
Aspin shrugged. She looked a bit pained.
“You say it like it’s so easy to just… never mind.” She rolled onto her side, facing away from me on the bed. “We ought to get some rest, hey?”
“Yeah.” I laid down on my own bed, eyes wide open in the dark.
Chapter 14
I had a lot of trouble falling asleep. My brain tossed around, jumping from dream to fear to worry to dream again. I used to get dreams like this anytime I was feverish, that surreal mixture of confusion and stress. I woke myself in the midst of it all.
It was different this time. Not that same nightmare. I wondered why.
I looked around the dark room. Aspin was still asleep, unmoving, and there was seemingly no light from the streets. How strange, I thought to myself, for a city so big to be this quiet at night. Even Skyport felt more lively than this.
I decided to explore a little bit. I threw on my more practical outfit, though I doubted someone would see me. Free, who’d been curled at the end of Aspin’s bed, noticed my movement and chittered quietly, jumping over and sitting on my shoulder. I pet him and gave him a little kiss on the top of his head. He didn’t like that very much.
Quietly, I went to the small lobby of the hotel we were staying at. There was a man still awake behind the counter, but he was busy reading yesterday’s paper and didn’t seem to realize that I was up and about.
There were no streetlights. That was the first thing I noticed upon stepping outside. No lanterns, not even light from windows. Strangely, it seemed as though every house and building either had extinguished all light or closed curtains. Was I disturbing some sacred peace? Even Free seemed a bit unnerved.
“Hey there girly.”
The sound of a voice right next to my ear made my veins freeze. I spun my head around, trying to find the source of the noise, and Free’s tail began to glow in the dark and illuminate a few feet around us.
I found myself face-to-face with a tall man sporting a gap-tooth grin.
“I can tell you’re new in town,” he said. “Everyone else knows not to go out at night.” He had a bit of a lisp, the air pushing between his front teeth and whistling with every “s” he pronounced. 
“I don’t want any trouble,” I said quietly. “I’ll just go back-”
“That won’t be necessary, girly,” the man said. His grin widened and he pulled something out from under his coat. Free’s tail didn’t spread light low enough for me to see what it was but something told me I didn’t want to find out. “That animal of yours, it’s magic, innit? That’ll fetch a pretty high price ‘round these parts.”
Free seemed to understand something was up. He hissed and his tail went out, leaving us all in the darkness. The next thing I knew, he was off my shoulder and there was a scream in the night, a shriek of fear and confusion and pain. I turned around and tried to reorient myself; where was the hotel? Using the little bit of the magic I knew I lit up about two feet in front of me and took off. But something nagged at me inside; would Free be ok?
I went back inside the hotel and the man behind the counter stared up at me, alarmed. 
“Pourquoi étiez-vous d’hors à cette heure?” he said, his voice quiet but laced with rage. I couldn’t understand a word of it. Realizing I wasn’t French-speaking, he sighed. “Did you not see English signs?” I shook my head and he pointed to the paper stuck on the front of the desk. Written in runny ink was:
Outside night time not go dangerous criminals about
It was barely legible and didn’t make too much sense, but I felt my cheeks heat up in embarrassment and shame anyway. As I was about to apologize and head up to my room, there was a scratching sound at the door. The man looked alarmed but I simply walked over and opened it, Free sitting on the ground and looking a little peeved.
“Thank you,” I said to him, scooping him up in my arms and petting his big ears. “I shouldn’t have run off like that.”
“What animal is that?” the man asked, pointing at Free. 
	“He’s a… trained squirrel. From Africa. Very rare.” Before he could ask any more questions, I ran back to the room.

When I clambered back into my bed, I noticed my clothes had a curious stain on them. It was hard to see exactly what it was, but the tangy, metallic smell that emanated set off an alarm in my mind. Blood.
	At first, I wondered if I’d been hurt somehow, but then I looked at Free. He didn’t look to be in incredible pain, instead wearing a look of annoyance. I inspected him all over and, surprisingly, he didn’t resist the invasion. After a minute, I found a cut that ran pretty deep on the inside of his left back leg. It had started to scab over and the brownish fur around the wound had been matted with blood, making it look even worse.
	“I’m really, really sorry,” I said, keeping my voice to a whisper. “Let’s get that all wrapped up. I wish I knew healing magic.”
	I dug around the hotel room bath and grabbed a towel draped over the edge, tearing it into strips. Free had tiny legs, so he only needed a thin strip of fabric to cover his cut. I tucked the other strips into my satchel so that I could rewrap it in the morning. Free curled up in the crook of my arm as we went to sleep, purring softly.

When the morning came I was still tired, but I knew it was my own fault. Free seemed to want to stick closer to me than he had before, rubbing his muzzle against my ear as I adjusted my outfit. Aspin had left the room right after I woke up to grab us some food for breakfast, leaving me to pack our stuff up so that we were ready to leave whenever.
	“Hey, I found a bakery just a few blocks away, they were handing out yesterday’s pastries because apparently, that’s how it is in France. Fresh or free!” Aspin was carrying a lumpy burlap sack in her arms. Her sleeves had slipped down a bit and I could see a sliver of one of the tattoos. I paled.
	“How long have you been walking like that?” I asked. Aspin looked confused.
	“Uh, maybe ten minutes? It wasn’t far,” she said. I pointed towards her arms and she peered over the bag at her sleeves, noticing the skin between her dress and her gloves. “Oh, shit.”
	She put the bags onto her bed and adjusted her clothes. “I don’t think anyone was paying close enough attention to notice that…” she said. “Let’s lay low awhile just in case.”
	We ate the pastries in silence. They were a little stale but they tasted more amazing than any other breaded food in my life. Perhaps in comparison to the fish and stomach oil and druid cooking it was made that much better. I gave Free some of a croissant and he gobbled it down happily, licking my fingers afterwards in an affectionate manner.
	“I’m starting to think,” I said, smirking at Aspin. “That your special talent is free food.”
	Her eyes widened and she broke into a grin.
	“You know what?” she said. “You may be right about that.”
	We giggled and Free rubbed his head against my hand, signalling he wanted to be pet.
	“He seems a lot… nicer than before,” Aspin said.
	“Yeah. Oh, right.” I lifted him up gently and showed her his leg. “Do you know any magic that can help with a cut?”
	“What-” Aspin’s eyes widened. “What the hell happened?”
	“It’s not important,” I said. “I just want to make things right.”
	“Did you hurt him?” 
	“No, I- Yes, I got him hurt. I went out last night and ran into some goon…” I scratched my neck nervously. “Free came to my rescue.”
	“You’re a colossal idiot. You have a death wish or something?” Aspin grabbed Free and pet him, looking at the bandaged leg and pulling the towel up to look at the wound. “Did you disinfect it?”
	“I-no,” I said. “I don’t know how.”
	Aspin sucked in a deep breath.
	“Alright. Free’s a magical creature so I have no doubt he’s already used some power to cleanse himself and speed up the healing process. Now, healing magic itself is very difficult and takes years and years of practice, but I do know a few herbal remedies that I can infuse with magic.”
	“I’m sorry,” I said. “I’m sorry, both for hurting Free and for dumping it on you. I’m sorry for being so incompetent. I know this wasn’t the kind of adventure you had planned.”
	Aspin tilted her head and looked at me, her eyebrows furrowed and her lips pulled into a thin line. She placed Free on the bed next to her.
	“You don’t get it, do you?” She asked. “I’m not here for an adventure. I don’t expect you to be talented, or even powerful. I just needed to escape. You might think you’re being selfish for using my magic to help you, but that’s all backwards. I’m the one using you. I’m using you and your quest of self-discovery to get myself out of that backwater druid town where I was nothing more than an object. I’m using your determination to send me out into the world and finally find myself.”
	I stood in stunned silence. Aspin wasn’t finished.
	“I’ve always been nothing, I’ve never been anywhere, and none of that would’ve changed without some kind of instigation. Some amazing opportunity just dropped onto my lap. And here you are, in need of assistance and companionship and a teacher. I know it’s terribly selfish of me. I know it’s cruel not to direct you to someone more well-travelled, someone smarter and better at magic to take you to your parents. But here we are and we’re stuck now, stuck together. I’m the one who needs to apologize!”
	I reached out and grabbed her arm. Not in a gentle, supportive way. To grab her and stop her and tell her she’s said enough.
	“Listen to me,” I said quietly. “I want to help you. I want to be able to collaborate and help each other get to where we need to go. I’ve always been aimless and just drifted along, expecting to live off my father. I need someone like you, someone who’s like me, to help me find myself.”
	Aspin and I looked at each other, our eyes glued to one another. We were both out of breath from talking fast, our faces red and our pulses both racing. My hand was still on her arm, but I didn’t want to let go. I knew I’d never have the confidence to touch her like that ever again.
	“I’m sorry, I-” Aspin started, but I was tired of hearing her apologize. I leaned over and kissed her, kissed her hard and fast and closed her lips. She let out a bit of a squeak and froze, letting me kiss her.
	She tasted like chocolate from the pastries she’d eaten. Her lips were soft, a few areas rough from her habit of biting them. She didn’t move at all for several seconds so I pulled back, my face even brighter red now. Her eyes were still wide open, her lips slightly parted, a blush slowly spreading across her cheeks to her nose and her ears.
	“Don’t be sorry,” I said quietly.
“I- I- I don’t-” Aspin stuttered, blinking. “You-”
Shame washed over me and I stumbled backwards, sitting down on my bed. I averted my gaze. My hands were shaking so I held the blankets, trying to stop the room from spinning around me.
“I shouldn’t have done that,” I said. “I didn’t mean to, Aspin, I’m so-”
“Don’t say it. Don’t say you’re sorry.” She walked over and leaned over me. Tentatively, she kissed me again, pressing her face against mine and reaching one hand behind my head to steady herself. She broke away after what felt like an eternity. “I just wanted to feel it again,” she whispered. “I like feeling like this.”
I pulled her onto the bed and kept kissing her. She was lying half on me and half on the bed, positioned awkwardly on her side, but I couldn’t fully register what was going on around me. I could feel her, I was holding her, she was with me there.
Again she pulled back from me.
“I never thought I’d like this, or being with… you know…” She was breathing heavily. I couldn’t help but look at her, the way her dress was off-kilter and how her gloves had rolled down ever so slightly. “Thank you for… for doing that. I needed to be…”
“We should stop,” I said. Taken aback, Aspin rolled to the side and sat up, adjusting her dishevelled clothing.
“Was that too much?” She asked. “I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable, was it- was it something I said?”
I shook my head and laughed nervously.
“I’m just so- I’m dizzy.” I held my head. “It feels like I’m spinning.”
We sat on the bed together and, after a few minutes of silence, Free limped over and curled up between us. He made a little nest out of the blankets, snuggling against our thighs and purring.
“I haven’t had someone make my heart pound like that,” I admitted, feeling incredibly embarrassed. “It’s not your fault, I just needed to… needed to think about this some more.” I looked at her, feeling guilty, like I’d taken something I shouldn’t have. Aspin, however, looked flustered and oddly exhilarated. She still sat close to me, her gaze aimed at the ground in front of us, her fingers gently touching her bottom lip.
“What do we do now?” Aspin asked, turning to look at me. “I-I like you. When you were with Nora on the boat, I… I wanted you to be jealous of me. I don’t know why, I didn’t even think you were… I just wanted you to want me more than her.”
My thoughts swirled around like soup in my brain, intangible ideas just out of reach.
“I guess we just have to see where life takes us,” I said. I knew it wasn’t a good answer but I didn’t have anything else. I couldn’t just be with her the way a man and woman are with each other, able to hold hands and kiss and hug. We’d draw too much attention for a couple of druids in human territory, first of all. These kinds of relationships weren’t allowed to be public, secondly. No matter how many ‘best friends’ bought homes together and lived happy, unmarried lives side-by-side, it was unheard of for a woman to openly be in love with another woman. Not to mention my doubts about how Aspin really felt.
Chapter 15
We decided to walk around town to find the station. If we could get a train up to the northwest coast, we’d be just a boat ride away from my parents. Things are always so much simpler in your head, though.
Free was secured in my satchel with a freshly wrapped leg and some extra pastries in case he got hungry. He had fallen deep asleep and I hoped he’d stay that way while I walked around a human town that didn’t quite take kindly to magic.
Aspin and I agreed, albeit reluctantly, that we should just try to put what happened behind us. Life was too complicated for the both of us already, romance- our romance- would probably end in heartbreak.
“It could ruin our journey, you know, if we ended up not… getting along like that.” Aspin had said, after some thought. I agreed, even though my heart screamed and begged me. I wanted so badly to be with her, even if she was just confused, even if she ended up not liking me, I wanted to feel normal for once.
I wasn’t that selfish. I knew better and I told her it was fine, that it was better this way. We had a journey to get through after all. I was being mature, wasn’t I? 
It didn’t stop my heart from pounding, though.
I couldn’t forget how she felt. How gentle and nervous and warm she was. I tried to shake it off, to clear my mind, but it was all I could think about. A nagging part of my brain was convinced she didn’t really like me. She liked that I liked her. She was lonely. 
Ignore it, I said to myself. It doesn’t matter anyway.
	Through my unreliable knowledge of French, I tried very hard to communicate with the people on the street, to ask them about the train. It was then I learned how rude French people were; anytime I stammered or flubbed a word, they’d scoff at me and turn up their noses, walking past me. From the few responses I did receive, which I could barely understand, there was quite a tone of superiority. After our first few failures, Aspin rubbed my back encouragingly.
	“We’ll figure it out,” she said. “I know it.”
	After another round of rejection, we were starting to lose faith. I approached a man in a dapper overcoat, decidedly making this my last attempt. I started in French but the man, with a chuckle, shook his head.
	“English is fine, thank you,” he said in a British accent. “What is it you’re so desperate to ask?”
	Aspin and I exchanged a look of relief.
	“We’re looking take the train to the northwest coast. Do you know how we can get there as quickly as possible?” I asked, glad to finally be able to speak a language I understood.
	“Well, I can certainly help you there,” the man said. “I’m travelling myself, more east than north, but I know the best ways to get around.”
	The man - who identified himself as Charles - was more than happy to help out. He shared our relief in being able to speak English again and invited us to lunch - on him. He took us to a sandwich shop and ordered everything for us, in much better French than I could’ve.
	“Do you ladies enjoy coffee?” He asked. I nodded, but Aspin simply looked confused.
	“Um- she’s more of a tea drinker,” I said. Charles smiled, gesturing for a waitress and ordering drinks.
	“So, I must ask,” he said, looking over at Aspin. “Why are you dressed in such a way? Is it a style these days? I have to say, I’ve been getting a bit behind on that front.”
	Aspin looked a bit embarrassed.
	“Oh, well, I don’t normally tell people this,” she said, clasping her hands together. “I have quite a strange skin illness. No doctor’s been able to cure it. It looks alarming but is surely not contagious, so I keep it all covered up as to not draw any attention.”
	I was impressed, if not a bit concerned, at how smoothly she told the lie. Charles nodded and clicked his tongue.
	“That’s quite unfortunate, I’m sorry to hear,” he said. “A cousin of mine suffered from a similar malady, she’s got just terribly sensitive skin that gets cut and scraped up from everything. Looks ghastly.”
	There was an unnerving twinkle in his eye as he talked, his gaze wandering over her clothing. I could practically hear his thoughts, and they definitely weren’t pleasant.
	The waitress brought over two coffees, a teapot, and an empty cup with a slice of lemon. Lemons weren’t particularly common in Eurasia, and it made me wonder how high-class this restaurant was.
	“Are the two of you sisters?” Charles asked. He breathed in deeply the aroma of his coffee and let out a quiet ‘mmm’. I followed suit, smelling the coffee. It smelled good. It certainly didn’t compare to the strong, dark coffees in Italy but it was something.
	At the same time, Aspin said ‘yes’ and I said ‘no’. Charles raised his eyebrows at us.
	“Well, you see-” I said, glaring at Aspin. “We’re half-sisters. Didn’t really grow up together, and since I’m not on good terms with our father…” Aspin nodded along vigorously. “We are siblings, but technically not. You understand, of course, how complicated family mechanics can be.”
	Maybe I could be a good liar, too. Maybe I needed to be.
	Charles smiled again, sipping his coffee tentatively.
	“Oh yes, yes I see. So what, exactly, is taking you up to the northern coast?” Aspin looked at me, her eyes carrying a cautious gleam. He’s asking a lot of questions, she was warning me.
	“Well, our uncle, you see…” I started. “Our father’s brother, that is, is very ill. He’s the one family member we hold dear and we don’t have much time to be there at his side.”
	Our sandwiches arrived, finally, each looking splendid and smelling amazing. It seems Charles chose for us at random, as we each had a different dish with an assortment of fillings.
	“I love the food in France,” Charles said. “The political climate, however, always leaves me rather uneasy.”
	“What do you mean?” I asked.
	“Well, the royalty is always itching for war, so I’m told. And apparently, they’re growing frustrated with the druid population to the south… but that’s all just rumours.” Charles took a bite of his sandwich. I looked over at Aspin, who remained surprisingly calm. The only sign that this news alarmed her was the way her hands were clenched under the table, scrunching her gloves. This was the second time someone had expressed this concern. It was feeling more and more real.
	“It’s always something with the druids, isn’t it?” I said. Charles nodded, swallowing.
	“I’ve also heard that the druids are putting together an army. I sincerely doubt that, however. The incident all those years ago with that traitor has still left them wary.”
	“The traitor’s dead, of course,” I said, gently prodding. Charles shrugged.
	“There have been rumours surrounding the Avents for years,” he said. “It’s said that he and that whore of a woman weren’t truly captured and instead managed to escape.”
	I flinched at ‘whore’. It was hard not to. Noticing my discomfort, Charles looked a little concerned.
	“Sorry for my crass language, ladies, that was inappropriate of me. Feelings run a little strong around the subject, I hope you can forgive it.” Aspin looked very, very uncomfortable but said nothing, instead electing to smile sweetly and pour herself some tea.
	“It’s nothing, really,” I said, trying to recover from my lapse of character. “Anyway, we are in a bit of a hurry to our dear uncle’s, how is it you’d recommend getting there?”
	“That all depends on how far north,” Charles said. “If you’re hoping close to Belgium, the train line runs straight there in under a week. If you’re looking to be right in the middle of the British Channel, however, I’d much recommend the train to Paris. There are more travel options from there. I’m headed to Paris myself on my journey, and would be happy to accompany the two of you.”
	According to the map West had given us, we were looking to go near the more western side of the British Channel. I told Charles the whereabouts of our destination and he nodded.
	“Paris is certainly the best idea for you then.”
	We finished our meal and Charles agreed to meet us the next day.
	“Come to my hotel,” he said, taking out a pencil and scribbling an address onto a calling card. “And then ask for me at the reception. Preferably in the morning.”
	Aspin and I walked back down the street towards our own lodging.
	“I don’t trust him,” she said once we were far enough away from Charles to speak freely. “He seemed a little too interested.”
	“He seemed like a typical Englishman to me,” I replied. “Though I will admit he wanted to know quite a bit. Maybe he was just being polite.”
	Free had been very quiet in my bag all through the day. This thought occurred to me as we approached the hotel, and a stabbing fear shot through me. Had I underestimated the severity of his wound? Was he dead? Alternatively, had he run away?
I hurried our pace a little, concerning Aspin even more.
	When we were finally safe in the privacy of our room, I reached into my satchel and felt Free. His body was warm, which eased my worries a little bit. I pulled him out and breathed a sigh of relief when I saw his eyes open, confused.
	“Is… something wrong?” Aspin asked. I shook my head and cradled Free.
	“No, nothing, I was just… worried. He’d been too well behaved.”
	The two of us laughed. Free chittered happily in my arms and we all gathered into a hug, Free in the middle.

Aspin and I practiced a little bit of magic in the room, confident that we now had travel plans and could take some time to relax.
“You’re always so timid and nervous,” Aspin said. “I was surprised when you talked to all those people today.” I shrugged.
“I didn’t have fun, believe me,” I replied. Aspin smiled.
“I can’t imagine you would. I like talking to people, actually.” She helped me position my arms and legs. She was showing me how to properly levitate objects from a distance.
“You seem pretty confident, as a person,” I said.
“That’s a lie! I’m not confident at all,” Aspin replied, laughing. “You have to focus on the cup. Like you’re taking aim. Don’t let your gaze drift at all, don’t even blink.”
“Well, maybe not,” I said. I narrowed my eyes and stared at the cup we’d positioned on the ground and held my hand out, focusing my energy into my palm and towards the cup.
“That’s good,” Aspin said quietly. “Keep going…”
I tried to lift the cup with the energy, imagining it floating upwards. Slowly but surely, the cup started to shake and then rise, little by little, up and up and up. My heart soared at the success, but I knew I needed to keep focusing. With every ounce of my magic, I tried to pull the cup through the air, towards me. Sure enough, with increasing speed, the cup rose and came closer.
“Look at that!” Aspin said, jumping up. “You’re doing it! Nice job!”
My heart sped up again and my gaze faltered. I wanted to see Aspin smiling, I wanted to see her impressed. The cup fell onto the bed.
“I had it,” I said, catching my breath. “I was really doing it.” Sure enough, she looked amazing. Her pride in me was evident.
“Well done! With practice, you don’t have to focus nearly as much. And soon enough, you’ll be able to move the things you can’t even see!” She rubbed my back.
“Thanks for being such a patient teacher,” I said. 
“Well, you’re a good student,” she replied. 
“I never was all that good a student in Skyport,” I said. “But magic really makes me want to… give it my all.”
Aspin shrugged.
“I wasn’t a good student, either. I understand. I never wanted to like… work hard, I guess. I never had motivation. Everyone thought there was something wrong with me…” she said.
“Why’d you stop with alchemy?” I asked. She was quiet for a minute.
“Well, I guess you can say I broke down.” She started playing with her hair, her brow furrowing. “I couldn’t do it anymore. I wasn’t getting the concepts, I couldn’t do the magic. Everyone around me was supportive, or at least pretended to be, but I could tell they were looking down on me… and I couldn’t take it anymore. I had a meltdown during a lesson and then, after some disagreements with my family, I ran off to stay with West… the rest, you can figure out.”
“That must’ve been really tough,” I said. 
“It certainly wasn’t fun.” Aspin looked a little less troubled now. “I like to think I’ve grown a lot. I used to be in… a different state of mind. I slept a lot, didn’t eat, and thought I was worthless. But things are different now. It took some time, though.”
“I’m glad things are better for you.” I reached over and squeezed her hand. “You’re stronger than you think.”

It was Aspin’s idea for us to go for a walk, clear our heads, enjoy the town. It was nice, I had to admit, to walk along the brick paths together without worrying much about being seen. As it turns out, the evening was a quiet time for the city with very few people out and about. It was tranquil, to say the least.
Free was sleeping when we decided to leave and I suggested leaving him in our room, but Aspin didn’t feel comfortable with that. Gently I placed him into my satchel and we started out for our walk.
“I was thinking, about what I said earlier…” Aspin said, clasping her gloved hands together and looking down. “I don’t think you are meek. You’re pretty adventurous.”
“You think so?” I asked, tilting my head. She looked at me and smiled.
“I realized that I don’t know you very well. So I started paying closer attention.”
My cheeks became bright red and I laughed nervously, playing with a stray strand of hair.
“Maybe we don’t know each other so well,” I said. “I’d love to hear more about you.”
We were both blushing now. Aspin fiddled her thumbs, avoiding eye contact. She bit her lip and I could practically hear the gears whirring in her head, and then it hit me. Just like me, she didn’t quite know who she was.
“Um,” she said finally. “Well, I’m not confident. I’ve always just gone along with what other people said. Actually…” She paused. “Alchemy was the one decision I made for myself. And look where that got me.”
“You tried something new. It may not have worked out but that doesn’t make it a mistake,” I replied. “That’s more than I could ever say. I was still being tutored before I left the ships, I had no idea where life would take me.”
“Wait a minute…” Aspin said. “I never asked how old you were.”
“Oh, I’m… I’m seventeen. But I’m turning eighteen soon.” I kept playing with my hair.
“Really?” Aspin asked. “I’m nineteen.”
“You look older,” I said. “You’re pretty tall, and you have a very mature face.”
	“Well, you look seventeen!” 
Aspin and I laughed. The streets around us grew darker and emptier. The sun had begun to set, which, just over the ocean behind the city, was a breathtaking sight. The horizon shimmered, glowing with shades of red and orange and purple, phasing out the deep blue of the late afternoon.
“I know, I know,” I said. “I’m short. I get it.”
“But,” Aspin said. “You’re really mature. I thought you were just… a short nineteen-year-old.”
We smiled at each other. I looked at Aspin’s clasped hands and my heart thudded. I wanted to hold her and walk together in the sunset, the cliche not lost on me, but the romance of the moment was clouding my mind.
“I wish I could be mature. My father always told me I needed to grow up, that I was just a child following everyone else and hoping things would work out. It stung, I hated him for saying it, but… I think he was probably right.” Aspin’s lips were drawn into a thin line.
“Your dad sounds like a dick,” I said. “There are nicer ways of saying things like that.”
She nodded.
“However,” I continued. “I think he’s wrong. You aren’t immature. You might be a little… lost, but you aren’t immature.”
She looked me in the eyes and smiled a sad smile.
“Regardless of how much of a dick my dad is, I do love him,” she said. “Family is one of the most important things to druids.”
Her tone faltered at the end of the sentence. I began to wonder if she was starting to use druid culture as a mask for personal information, though I wasn’t going to press the issue. I nodded, looking once again at the sunset. It had dipped below the horizon finally and it was then that I realized we were being bathed in darkness.
“We should probably go back to the hotel…” I said. Aspin’s hand reached over and held onto my elbow. All the blinds of nearby buildings were closing, lights being turned off, everyone was hiding away as night fell.
Free started to stir and poked his head up and out of the bag. He looked at me, though I couldn’t see him very well as it grew darker and darker. He hopped out and sat atop my shoulder, lighting his tail as he had before. He was shaking, and not from the cold. It was the first time I’d ever felt him do this. That’s how I knew just how deeply the events of the other night had affected him.
“Which way did we come from?” Aspin whispered to me. Free, as if he understood, gently swayed his tail to point to our right. We started walking in that direction, not sparing the time to ensure it was truly the way to the hotel. It was better than standing around like sitting ducks.
As we started going a little faster, I could hear footsteps all around us. Someone (rather, a multitude of someones) was in pursuit.
Aspin and I began to run, the best we could at least, and Free dug his claws deep into my shoulder to ensure he wouldn’t be shaken off. The footsteps were getting closer and closer.
I held out my hand towards one of the sets of feet and focused my energy. I felt a little bit of heat in my palm and then a yelp of surprise.
“They’re druids! Stop!” a voice cried in a thick British accent. “They’re druids!”
Suddenly we were surrounded by little auras of light. About eight faces were illuminated around us.
“We aren’t gonna hurt you,” the tallest one said. He, too, was British. “We’re like you. Druids forced to hide in this wretched city.”
Aspin and I exchanged a look and she removed her hat. She also created an aura of light to reveal her true appearance.
“Hey,” another druid said, raising his light towards Free. He cowered and buried his head in my hair. “That’s the little beast that tussled with me the other day!”
“He was protecting me,” I said, petting Free’s head. He was still shaking.
“But you… you don’t look…” the druid said. His light focused on my ears, my plain skin.
“Illusion magic,” Aspin said quickly. “She’s better at it than I am.”
The druids mumbled in understanding. Thankfully that differed all suspicion; they had, after all, just seen me use magic.
“Why are you all out here? Are you the reason the city closes up at night?” I asked. The tallest one spoke again.
“Yeah. We’re the Mongrels gang and we scare away all the light. Fear is respect of one’s power, after all,” he said, spitting on the ground. “There’s about twenty of us and we patrol the streets after dark. Make the humans afraid the way we used to be.”
The other druids nodded along.
“Why here?” Aspin asked. “You clearly aren’t French.”
“We were slaves!” another druid piped up. “They shipped us off and wanted to harness our power. But no human can control a druid.”
I said nothing. I knew all too well about the conflicts in Great Britain regarding druids. They’d been rounding them up and shooting them or blackmailing them into helping construct great machinery and clockwork. Campaigns smearing druids and their culture were widely popular, claiming they sacrificed children to their gods and used human entrails to conduct rituals. It was all to finally own their most sacred lands, turn them into factories and farms and housing, make use of the ores beneath the ground. When I first learned of this it didn’t bother me so much, but reflecting upon it made my stomach turn.
“That’s terrible,” Aspin said. “You were right. We are just like you. My sister and I,” she looked at me, her cold gaze warning me to stay quiet and let her lie. I was beginning to realize she was very, very good at it. “We escaped a prison in southern France not a week ago. We’ve been trying to travel to the Americas, where apparently druids live free.”
“A noble plight,” the tall one said. “In the seven years we’ve roamed these streets we’ve met few other druids. If it would do you some good…” His light briefly went out, then came back. He approached Aspin and pressed into her hand a little bag. “Our seal and a little money. From one druid to another. Good luck, both of you.”
With a few exchanged whispers, all their lights went out and, in a gust of wind, Aspin, Free, and I were standing alone.

Aspin woke up before me again, making her way to the same pastry shop for free breakfast. Free was more than happy to keep resting at my side as the sun started to rise above the horizon, cuddling against my warmth.
When I finally decided I’d rested long enough, I pulled the journal again out of my bag. I hadn’t really had a chance to read much more of it than the parts I’d skipped through. Now seemed as good a time as any to give it a more thorough investigation.
Reading through more meticulously, I was surprised by what I learned.
The girl ran away from her father when she was fifteen. Ran to a nearby druid village. Her entries were more spaced out from that time, but she mentioned getting a few runes and completing basic druid education. She lamented, though, that she never quite belonged amongst them.
I miss him. I miss my father. He was my family. My magic is important, sure, but I’ve lost interest in pursuing a druid career. I’m going to return to him. I hope he’ll forgive me. I don’t know if I can forgive myself.
Her words felt like little pellets striking my soul. I loved my father. I hoped he wasn’t worried about me, I hoped his life continued as usual, I hoped he could sense that I was doing alright. I wanted so badly to hug him, to make sure he was eating properly, sleeping enough. I wished I could’ve brought him with me.
I closed the journal and tucked it away, ignoring the tears stinging my eyes. Free, who contented himself on my lap as I read, was feeling a little more energetic and got up to nip at my fingers and jump around the room.
“Hey!” The door opened and Aspin popped in. Her outfit was far more orderly than the other day, she’d managed to keep herself covered up while also carrying twice as many bags as before.
I helped her place the pastries down and we started in on them, packing away the rest in Aspin’s seemingly bottomless bag.
“I’ve been meaning to ask,” I said, munching on a croissant. “Is your bag magic?”
“Yeah, most every druid bag and satchel is enchanted to hold more than normal. It’s a special technique, only leather crafters take the time to perfect it,” she said. “It does have a limit, though.”
I thought about how my father would’ve loved to learn that kind of spell.
We finished up our breakfast and went on our way to meet with Charles. I put Free in my satchel, again, but today he was far more restless. I tried to reason with him, gently explaining that we weren’t safe and that he had to hide. I still wasn’t quite sure if he understood what I was saying, but he did stop fidgeting and chattering quite so much.
The air was warm and smoke-filled. I didn’t envy Aspin, covered up to her ears and sweating like a sinner in church. She’d purchased a fan on her breakfast run to try and cool herself off, but I couldn’t vouch for how effective it was.
It didn’t take us very long to find Charles’ hotel. It wasn’t overly luxurious but it was surely much nicer than ours. We asked at the reception, as per Charles’ advice, and we were led by a concierge up a flight of stairs to a long, narrow corridor, finally arriving at his room. The concierge left us there and I knocked on the door, exchanging a smile with Aspin. Charles seemed very happy to see us.
“Morning, ladies, I have some good news!” He opened up his dark leather briefcase and pulled out some rolled-up maps, marked with train routes and other such ways of travel. “I spent much of yesterday evening collecting any information I could find about the trains and other such travel. We can entirely plan out your route to your uncle’s and have you on your way, all by tomorrow morning!”
“That’s amazing, thank you!” I said. Aspin nodded and smiled. Charles winked at her, an uncustomary thing for a gentleman to do. I felt a little embarrassed, both for Aspin and for him.
“Oh, I’m just a softie for a pair of helpless maidens.” He stretched out the maps on the small dining table provided. His hotel room was larger than ours, with a sitting area, a bathroom, a king-sized bed, and its own balcony despite only being the second floor.
“We aren’t exactly helpless…” Aspin said quietly. I nudged her knee with mine.
“So, here we are in Catarine,” he pointed to a little dot. Then he drew his finger along a red-ink line that connected a much bigger dot; Paris. “This train is the one that takes you where you want to go.”
Sure enough, Paris looked like the center of a spider web. Branching out from it were numerous lines all over France. 
“How long is the train there?” I asked.
“Ah, merely three days. That’ll be all the time we have together after today,” Charles said. I didn’t fancy the tone of his voice.
“And from there?” Aspin pointed to a small dot, the town West had marked for us on his crude sketch of France. “We’re trying to get there.”
“Ah.” Charles rubbed his stubbly chin. “So, you’d take this line…” He pointed to one of the left-most web strings that travelled all the way to the coast, but a little bit south. “And then you’d take a ferry.”
He shuffled the papers around and pulled out a map where the ocean was the highlight, with black lines running around the coasts.
“So those are the ferry lines?” I asked.
“Mmhm.” Charles smiled at Aspin sweetly. I was feeling very uncomfortable, and it was clear she felt the same. He’d been displaying some tasteless body language, staring at her for long periods of time with half-lidded eyes, placing his hand a little too close to hers.
“Alright,” Aspin said, trying to keep her tone even. “So what are the lines called then? I’d like to mark them down on our own little map.” She reached into her purse and pulled out West’s drawing, leaving it folded up.
“Right. So, the train that the three of us will be taking to Paris is the Traverse Line,” Charles said. “From there, you’d be boarding the La Belle Mer Line, which takes you to the city Britta, and from there it’s just the Ferry marked from Britta to Guerren.”
Aspin nodded and, using a pencil, wrote a little list on the folded up map.
“That’s it then, really,” Charles said, clapping his hands together and rubbing them. “Is there anything I can do for you girls? Would you like champagne, or perhaps we can listen to the musical performance in the lobby?” He was staring at Aspin again. I laughed nervously.
“How sweet of you,” Aspin said. Her smile was beyond obviously bitter.
“But, um, we really should be going. Why wait to purchase tickets and pack up and whatnot?” I said, smiling back as nicely as I could. My skin was crawling with his gaze. Men had always given me those kinds of heebie-jeebies.
“Are you sure? There’s plenty of time left in the day to-” Charles said, looking dejected. Aspin cut him off.
“Why wait?” she repeated. She grabbed my arm and we turned to go.
“At least allow me to buy you lunch,” Charles said, standing up from the table and following behind us. Aspin and I exchanged a look.
“It… couldn’t hurt…” I said. She winced but faked a smile and nodded.

The guilt of using deceptive magic instead of real money gnawed away at my stomach. At the offer of someone else legitimately purchasing food for us, my appetite returned and I realized I could really go for more sustenance than sugary treats. Aspin seemed to understand this and kept her lips pressed tight together as the three of us went to a more lavish restaurant not far from the train station.
Charles was wearing on my nerves throughout the meal which, despite it all, was quite enjoyable. He asked Aspin about the colour of her hair and its waviness, how much styling it took, he asked about her clothes and what she normally liked to wear, how comfortable it was, was she sweaty in the heat?
Under the table, I reached over and held Aspin’s thigh over her dress. I knew it was out of bounds for friendship, but feeling her kept me sane in the moment. She didn’t seem to mind. Her cheeks were slightly flushed, which I found endlessly endearing. Throughout the meal, whether from nervousness or discomfort, she tied and untied the ribbon securing her hat atop her head. Charles didn’t seem to notice.
I ordered a steak, which did make Charles briefly cringe. I took secret delight in that. Aspin had an exotic cheese-filled salad, the ideal way to have a taste of France’s specialty. Charles chose a nice wine for the table and, upon its arrival, insisted on pouring it himself. He gave Aspin quite a large quantity, whereas I received a regular sip’s worth. She let the drink sit.
When our meal was finally over and Charles had paid, Aspin and I tried to walk quickly to remain comfortably ahead of him. Upon stepping outside, we noticed just how blustery it was and I had to hold tightly onto my skirt to ensure I didn’t end up revealing anything inappropriate.
“Tomorrow, we’ll meet at the station? A half-hour before departure?” Charles called as we rushed out. I turned to face him.
“Of course, see you there, we truly must be going!” I said. Aspin and I picked up the pace.
“One second, my-” Aspin let out a little yelp and her hat flew off her head in the wind, landing some feet behind us. As quickly as I could, I turned and grabbed it, placing it safely back over her pointed ears and looking around.
“There aren’t too many people. None of them are staring,” I murmured under my breath. Aspin didn’t look convinced.
“That was more than a rolled-up sleeve,” she whispered back. “What if someone did see?”
“We’ll be out of here tomorrow. Just like the other day, we’ll stick to the hotel and keep our heads down. I don’t think anyone will care enough to track us back there, even if they did notice,” I said, trying my best to sound reassuring. She still wore her worry all over her face.
It was at this point that Free decided he’d had enough. He started making loud chittering noises and scrambling, which, thanks to my satchel, wasn’t overly visible. The wind muffled the noise but it was making Aspin look more and more afraid.
“T-the druid who bred Free- he used some sort of pacifying-” I said, wrestling with the satchel. Understanding where I was going, Aspin held out her hand and screwed up her face, concentrating as we moved. A small burst of energy engulfed the bag, sending a shock through my own body. I immediately felt lethargic, but it wasn’t enough to knock me out. Free, however, stopped rustling around and became quiet.
The journey back to the hotel felt way longer than it was. We collapsed in the room and I let Free loose to roam and play as the magic wore off.
“Tomorrow, everything will be better,” I said. I should’ve known better than to think something like that.
Chapter 16
Aspin shook me awake bright and early. We walked together to the nice pastry place and grabbed as many as our arms could carry, simultaneously fighting Free back into my satchel. By now we’d stocked up so many pastries between now and the last few days that we would be set until Paris, easily. This time around, however, Aspin grabbed a few more of the savoury meals; pastries with cheese and spiced vegetables.
We got our stuff all packed up. I gave Aspin most of my belongings to put into her magical bag and left my satchel to be Free’s own space. It was going to be a tough train ride with him.
Heading to the station, Aspin complained about her disguise and how uncomfortable it was getting.
“It’s so stuffy in here,” she whined. “My hands are insanely sweaty.”
“Better than being spotted,” I replied. She pursed her lips, probably remembering yesterday. I felt bad for saying it, I didn’t want her to think I was chastising her. It was an accident, after all.
Finally, we arrived. As soon as we stepped inside the train station, I was startled by how much it reminded me of Ouranos. It was bustling, full of metal and dim lights, the ground shaking slightly from the tracks nearby. It made me feel at peace, like I was finally back in a comfortable and familiar environment.
“Ho! Over here!” Charles was standing and waving near a brick pillar, smiling at us. Aspin and I approached cautiously, trying not to get swept up by the crowds of people trying to keep up with the train schedule.
“Where do we get our tickets from?” Aspin asked. Charles looked a bit nervous but kept up a charismatic smile.
“I thought you, ah, had grabbed them yesterday after our meal?” he said.
“We forgot,” I said, looking around. “We ought to get them now before it’s too late.”
“Oh, um, we have time before the train goes. No need to rush off and grab tickets, now!” he said. He kept glancing behind us as he spoke. I was starting to worry.
“Well, it’s not too much time,” Aspin said, frowning. “That’s the ticket gate over there, right? I’ll be right b-”
“No, no, not yet, we haven’t had a chance to chat!” Charles said, his voice a little too loud. His forehead was starting to perspire.
“Let’s go get the tickets and ditch him, he’s being strange,” I whispered. “The train leaves in little under half an hour. We don’t have time to chat.”
Aspin nodded and, with her arm linked with mine, we dashed through the crowds towards the ticket stand.
“Wait! Come back!” Charles was in pursuit. Something was very clearly amiss here. We ducked through a large group of men in business attire speaking French rapidly to one another and made our way to the seller, Aspin pulling out the coins we were given the other night. I looked over the crowd to see Charles next to-
“Aspin, we need to hurry,” I hissed. “He’s called in the guards.”
She didn’t react and instead continued being polite to the lady selling the tickets, thanking her as ours were stamped and handed to us. Then she grabbed my hand and we began to run through the station.
“He must’ve seen my ears,” Aspin said as we ran. “I’m so sorry. This is my fault.”
“We’re gonna make it,” I replied. “The platform is just down this hall and then we’ll get on the train-” We stopped dead in our tracks. Guards were coming out from around a corner, surrounding us.
“Shit!” Aspin shouted. She dropped my hand and aimed her palm towards one of the guards, blasting him with energy. He was knocked down, leaving a gap in their defence. We started running once more and ended up in a large crowd, people all headed to platform 6. That was not where we needed to go.
“Even if he did see your ears,” I said as we ducked our heads low, blending in with the hustle and bustle. “It wouldn’t be any cause for the guards. At most he’d get the local authorities, not French soldiers.”
Aspin pursed her lips and thought about it.
“You’re right,” she said. “There’s something more to this.”
As we were approaching the platform, Aspin pulled me out of the crowd so that we could go through a different hallway. As soon as we were in the open, we could hear shouts once more.
“Elles sont là!” A guard cried, pointing towards us.
“Is there anything we can do? More magic?” I asked in a whisper. Aspin closed her eyes and took a deep breath.
“There’s a little alchemy I know,” she said. “It’ll take a lot of energy but… it might just work.”
I held her hand and allowed my mind to go blank. I felt my magic seep out of me, my knees began to weaken and I struggled to balance. The guards were getting closer, pushing past civilians.
Aspin opened her eyes. She grabbed my shoulders and pressed me against the wall and suddenly I was slipping through. My bones felt light and airy, my skin was water, my vision went entirely dark. Suddenly I felt warmth, but also… wetness. Aspin was in here, in the wall, beside me. She pulled me somehow, I didn’t know how she could be moving when my whole body felt like it was drifting through the bricks. All sound was muffled. I couldn’t tell how much time had passed. Suddenly, light surrounded me and I was engulfed in the busy ambiance of the station once more. My clothes felt dampened, my hair was frizzy.
“How’d you do that?” I asked Aspin. My lungs felt completely drained for a second. I had trouble inflating them again but eventually, I sucked in a deep breath. There was breathable air once more. It was just then I noticed how much energy she’d borrowed from me - I was running on pure fear.
“Well-” Her voice sounded pained. “I had to make a sacrifice. Alchemy is all about the exchange of elements, changing one into another. I, um,” she winced and fell to her knees. I took a look around us; we were standing in the middle of a different hall, people forming a near-impenetrable tide left of us as they moved towards some other platform. No one looked our way.
I kneeled down next to Aspin and realized that there was a huge gash on her leg, covered mostly by the large skirt on her dress. Her face was screwed up in pain and she clenched her teeth, unable to continue speaking. She, too, was damp. 
“I have some leftover fabric from Free’s injury,” I said. “He’s all healed up now. Here,” I grabbed her bag and fumbled around inside. It didn’t feel like a normal pouch; there was open air surrounding my fingers instead of fabric. I tried as hard as I could to reach down and get the fabric but it just seemed like more and more of my arm was being consumed. Just then, it felt as though the fabric had flown to my hand and I started tying madly, wrapping up her leg.
Carefully, gently, I staunched the flow of blood. The mad dash of people was beginning to peter out and I knew we needed to move. Checking a nearby clock I realized we had no more than ten minutes before the train left. How long had it been inside of that wall? Had Aspin been bleeding the whole time?
I shook off my concerns and focused on getting us up.
“Can you stand?” I asked. Aspin’s face relaxed a little and she looked at me, drenched with sweat, and nodded. I supported her on my shoulder and we hobbled over to a map of the station, displayed on wooden board. We just had to cross over one platform and we’d be at our train. Hopefully we had enough time.
The path to our platform was simple enough, but I realized that the guards were likely waiting for us there. Charles knew where we were headed, after all, no doubt he’d tip them off. My gut twisted sickeningly at the thought. Aspin was in no state to do any more magic, neither was I for that matter, nor was she really capable of running. The only resource we had left was our intelligence. My hope was dwindling quickly.
“I don’t know if we’ll make it,” I said to her. She looked at me, her eyes glazed over, her lip quivering.
“We need to,” she said. “We will.”
I didn’t know what else to say. We continued moving and I found another crowd of people also going to our platform. It was an even denser crowd than the last, bringing me a little bit of relief. If we were lucky the guards wouldn’t spot us. I bent down just enough that our heads were below the crowd.
Slowly the group of Paris-goers marched to the platform, talking in French and laughing together, unaware of the scuffle that took place not long ago. The whole station seemed surprisingly calm. I peeked out between the shuffling bodies to see that, yes, guards were standing by the platform and looking around desperately. No one seemed bothered by this.
“Billets.” A man in a red cap held out his white-gloved hand. As people stepped onto the train in a neat line they dropped their tickets into his hand and stepped on. I straightened Aspin up the split second before we were forced into the single-file line, handing her the ticket.
“Le train part prochainement,” another man shouted. I gave the man in the cap my ticket and Aspin did the same. Quickly, we made our way up the steps of the passenger car and into a compartment.
	Trains were a subject of great interest to my technology tutor. In fact, he loved trains so much that he used to dedicate every Monday’s class to discussing them with me and telling me about new developments with trains across the world.
They’d been first invented in Britain as a means of transporting goods but were quickly changed to allow for passengers as well. At first they were primitive, the tracks hard to maintain, the maximum speed just under 40 mph to ensure no unnecessary strain to the wheels. Soon, however, when steam-powered technology and heraculum made a breakthrough, trains were reworked to be clockwork beasts. The improved metal allowed for higher speeds, bigger loads, nicer interiors.
Intricate gear mechanisms turned the wheels, plated with copper and heraculum, the tracks a strong iron-heraculum alloy, steam flowing through the train like blood through veins. It was a shiny bronze creature that moved past 80 mph, travelling swiftly across Eurasia. There were different types of trains and train cars, of course, and when we got onto this one I could tell it was made for the lower-middle class. There were parlour cars and sleeping cars, generally alternating, with the front of the train reserved for goods making their way to Paris.
Each parlour car was equipped with several small compartments that could fit up to six travellers, but with the length of the train, there was more than enough space for Aspin and me to claim one all for ourselves. There weren’t many people leaving Catarine at this time; it seemed the majority of traffic was off the train and not on.
Out of the window, I could see guards talking furiously with the ticket man. The train began to move, the sound of steam puffing through and gears grinding pierced the air. I stopped looking out the window to hide my head, pushing Aspin down as well. 
“They’re onto us, aren’t they?” she asked me. Her forehead glistened with beads of sweat, reminding me of her injury. I rubbed her shoulder, my brow furrowing as I tried to find some kind of consolation.
“There’s only one stop, and that’s Paris,” I said to her finally. “They can’t stop us until we reach the city.”
As the train began to move faster, the knot in my stomach started to unwind. I knew we were finally safe.

I let Free out of my bag. He happily jumped around the cabin while Aspin and I had some pastries. She was quiet the whole time, her eyes unable to focus. I was feeling pretty drained myself, but she looked corpse-like.
“There has to be something we can do about your leg,” I said. She snapped out of her daze and looked at me.
“I don’t think we’re strong enough for that right now,” she said. “We’ll be on this train for, what, three days? Tomorrow we’ll figure it out.” She went back to eating, zoning out once more.
I wanted to argue but she had a point. I had no idea how to treat a wound of that severity. She was clearly too tired to come up with any kind of magical solution. I just had to hope she would hang in there.
I finished my food and decided to look around the train a little more to try and clear my mind. It was the first time I’d actually been inside one. Walking between cars reminded me of being on Skyport, the air whizzing by my head, the shaky metal walkway. The difference being, of course, it was much shorter and moved way more. The next car over was a sleeping car, to be expected, so I continued through and made my way to what appeared to be a dining car. People were sitting at tables and drinking tea, reading newspapers, enjoying little biscuits and croissants. I noticed quickly that not all of them were French-speaking.
A pair of wealthy looking men sat across from one another, English papers in their hands. They were bald and fat, something rarely seen in France. They spoke with proper British accents, unlike the Cockney druids we’d met the night before.
“Would you look at this?” one of the men said to the other. “It’s those damn druids again. According to the French royalty, the Avents resurfaced.”
“Really now?” The other man sipped his tea and raised his bushy black eyebrows. “I’m not surprised. Just like those cowards to pretend they’ve killed a man but let him loose.”
“You know what I think,” the first man said, rubbing his two chins. “The French are just trying to start a war. Pull the same tricks on those heretics that we did back home.”
“Wouldn’t be surprised,” the other man replied.
“Well, now,” the first man murmured, looking back at the paper. “It appears I was wrong. It isn’t the Avents themselves who resurfaced, it’s their daughter!”
My skin felt ice cold. I knew I looked strange just standing in the doorway between the cars but I couldn’t move. I listened in horror as the bald men went on.
“She was spotted in some southern coastal city by an older French soldier and he overheard her plotting with the heretics. And- wow! It appears a bounty was put on her head last week. Dead or alive, she could make some lucky bloke very wealthy.”
Dead or alive. I felt all my hair stand on end, goosebumps covering my skin. I was lucky Charles didn’t have the guts to kill me, I guess. 
“But apparently she looks human!” the man went on. “The only way to spot her is the druid bitch she’s conspiring with. A dark beauty covered in those tattoos they have. Well, bless us for getting out of the south of France and avoiding THAT trouble!”
The men laughed and my body finally started responding to me again. I turned back around and went back through the sleeping car to our parlour, rushing back to the compartment and collapsing inside.
“Huh?” Aspin sat up. She had been asleep with her face pressed against the window, her cheek bearing a bright red imprint. Free sat on her lap. “Leah? What happened?”
“I found out why we were being chased,” I said. “Turns out we may be in trouble.”
Chapter 17
I explained what I’d overheard. Aspin nodded solemnly, her face unreadable. Free seemed unbothered.
“Well, at least we know,” Aspin said when I finished. “I guess it’s best we’re headed to Paris. It’ll be easier to hide.”
“Everyone will be on the lookout for a druid girl and a tanned human. After everything with Charles, too, they’ll suspect we’re hiding in plain sight.” I chewed my lip. “We can’t just go out looking like this anymore…”
“You’re right,” Aspin replied. She slumped in her seat. “What the hell are we gonna do?”
Out of stress, I ate a pain au chocolat. It didn’t particularly help me come up with any ideas but I sure felt a little better.
“Ok,” I tried to think rationally, eating another pastry. “Look. It’s a train, during the day, people will be out and about but in the night they’ll be asleep. We can sleep on these stupid benches if need be, I doubt there’s anyone searching these compartments.” I didn’t trust what I was saying. For some reason, though, Aspin looked relieved.
“You’re right,” she said. “We just need to do as we’ve done this far; lay low and stay calm. It’ll turn out.”
Hearing her say it gave me a little boost in confidence. Maybe it would turn out.
My stomach twisted. 
“Well I guess we’re in here for the next three days,” I said. “I have a lot of questions that I’ve wanted to ask about druids. West told me a little, like schools and such, but I wanted to ask a bit more about… family. And some more of the specifics.” Aspin smiled.
“I’d be more than happy to tell you. But, in return,” she said. “You have to tell me about humans and Skyport.”
“It’s a deal,” I replied. She sat back and crossed her legs in a classy, comfortable position.
“Why don’t you ask first?” she said. I nodded and thought for a minute, tapping my chin.
“Alright. I know a little bit about your family, not a lot, but I am interested in that druid religion. Your dad’s, like, a priest, yeah?” I asked. Aspin cringed.
“Ah, the religion,” she said. “I forgot that humans don’t have the same as we do. So, um, there are two big druid religions, though they came from the same branch. It started as Terrium, which was devotion to the so-called ‘gods and spirits of the earth’, but a separate strain began some few centuries ago that was monotheistic. That’s what my father practices.”
“I’m surprised there’s only two,” I said. Aspin shrugged.
“The druid population isn’t too big, albeit widespread. Our cultures may vary greatly, but our religion doesn’t,” she explained. “The initial separation of Terrium was a blow to a lot of druid communities.
“So my father’s religion is called Terrana, very close as you can see, but it worships the goddess Terra exclusively. Terrium was centred around about five big gods and thousands of spirits, with Terra being the most important. As time went on a belief grew that the other gods aside from Terra were just different facets of her own self. Thus, Terrana was born.”
I waited for her to continue, but it appeared Aspin was taking a bit of a break. She looked pensive, her eyebrows furrowed, her lips pursed, her eyes wandering up and to the left.
“Do you believe in it? In Terra?” I asked finally.
“I’m not sure. I was never big into daily worship or ceremonies, but a part of me thinks she’s out there. Terra supposedly embodies not only the natural world but also all magical power. She’s the mother of magic and Earth.”
Suddenly I remembered something from my history tutor.
“Terra was a Roman goddess,” I said. “Terra Mater. Mother Earth.” I remembered that Nora had said as much back on the ocean city. Aspin nodded.
“Turns out when Latin was the norm, druids picked up a thing or two. The name for our goddess originates with the word for Earth. It’s explained within our scriptures that the spoken name we use represents our planet, though her true name is a mystery. She may not even have one. All language is made up, right?”
I shrugged.
“Anyway, there are a whole bunch of days of significance to Terrana and Terrium alike, as well as songs and other such traditions. The symbol for our goddess is called the Moss, which is a specific magical plant we grow and cultivate in our home. Only religious families grow the Moss, as the religious humans have that symbol of Christ in theirs.”
“Ah. It’s like a cross, then,” I said. “My father wasn’t religious but a few of my tutors were. We’d celebrate Christmas and the rebirth of Christ with them.”
“Christ sounds like such an interesting man,” Aspin said. “Our religion has had many well-known priestesses and saints, but not one son or daughter of the gods.”
“Maybe Jesus was a druid,” I said, smirking. Aspin laughed.
“I haven’t met many people named after him,” she said. “Jesus.”
“Well, there are many,” I said. “Ever met a man named Christian?”
Aspin shook her head.
“Most of our religious names are based on priests and priestesses, or saints. My eldest sister, her name is Lachla, after Lachlana Delrio, a saint. It’s a common name. She’s like me, though, not very religious. Everyone calls her La,” Aspin said. “The second oldest, she’s named Ethrin. It’s based on the Ethrinian Alps, these sacred mountains in Eastern Eurasia. There’s a human name for them but I don’t know what it is. We just call her Rin, though.”
“Is your name religious?” I asked. Aspin laughed.
“Oh, no. No, my name is just a commonplace druid girl’s name. Plant names are pretty normal. Aspin, Willow, Fern, Violet, and so on. Humans use those names too, just less frequently.”
“It’s a lovely name,” I said. “I don’t even know why I got my name. My real parents gave it to me. I guess I’ll have to ask them when we find them.”
There was a moment of silence. It was like we simultaneously remembered the end goal of our journey. I thought about the prospect of meeting my parents. Did I look like them? Were they still even in love? Did they have other children? Would I be accepted as a member of their family?
Did it even matter?
“Yeah, I mean, there’s probably a reason. My younger sister was named after our grandmother, Chrisa.”
“What’s Chrisa mean?” I asked.
“It’s derived from Chrysanthemum, I believe,” Aspin replied. “It’s an old lady’s name though. She hates it.”
“What are your sisters like?” I asked.
“Oh, well, they’re mostly lovely. Really smart and hard-working. All except me,” she said. “La’s been training to be a healer for years now. She’s always had a knack for the whole ‘taking care of others’ thing. She was more maternal than our own mother, I think,” she said. “And Rin, well, she’s the biggest success out of us all. We don’t know who she got it from but ever since she was little she had no problem controlling her magic. As soon as she was in school, she started inventing spells.” Aspin paused. “I say ‘spells’ but that’s the human term. We just call them techniques, because there isn’t any spoken word involved. It’s all a way of directing and focusing your magic as well as positioning yourself.”
“Are there magical folk that do use spoken word spells?” I asked. “That you know of, I mean.” I thought of Nora and the magic she’d used when giving me the rune. I couldn’t bring that up, though.
“Not sure. Druids are kinda stuck up about their own kind. They don’t like to talk about other magic practitioners,” Aspin said. “I know of them, I just don’t really know what they do.”
“Oh.” I was a little disappointed, but I shouldn’t have expected Aspin to be a well of knowledge.
“Anyway, yeah, Rin actually came up with that one technique I showed you where you can see really, really far. I always liked her magic. It works better for me than regular techniques.”
“Same with me,” I said. 
“But when she finished school, she immediately went to advanced technique training with druids in other towns, which was a bit of a blow to our family. Druids don’t… move around a lot. Soon enough, we heard that she’d created her very own technique that’s now being taught in schools to help young druids control their power. She’s very well-known.” Aspin smiled. “We’re all very proud of her, as you can imagine, though we miss her dearly. She does drop by our home sometimes, mostly without warning.”
“What did you mean, druids don’t move around?” I asked.
“Generally, druids are born and raised in one place, then they might find their own home and get married and whatnot, but they rarely move from the town in which they were born,” she said. “Since druid cultures are so different, outsiders and newcomers are frowned upon and have a tough time adapting. It’s just something people normally don’t do.”
“But you…” I started, then thought better of it. Aspin nodded, though, her eyes focused out the train window.
“Yeah, it was tough for me to move. I love West, but his support wasn’t enough to make people in Linnalium trust me.”
“West seemed very…” I said, trying to think of the right word.
“Narcissistic?” Aspin suggested. I laughed.
“Eccentric. Like he’s in a world of his own. I find it hard to imagine that he was very well trusted in Linnalium either,” I replied. Aspin shrugged.
“Yeah, he always seems to be up to something. He has a lot of money tucked away somewhere, and he’s much better at magic than you’d probably think. But I worry about him. He doesn’t have many friends left, he doesn’t talk to most of our family. I don’t think he’s seen his own parents in over ten years.”
“Oh,” I said. “He’s pretty upbeat and energetic, though, wouldn’t you say?”
“He’s fun around people,” Aspin said, smiling. “He’s a sociable type. But when it’s just us, when he’s had a drink or two, he won’t say a word. Won’t smile or laugh. Often he just likes to go right to bed.”
We were both quiet for a minute, just thinking about West.
“Um… What about the youngest? Chrisa?” I asked, changing the subject. Aspin blinked, then rolled her eyes.
“I love my sisters, but Chrisa’s my least favourite. She’s father’s favourite because she’s the only one of us who really took religious practice seriously. I believe she didn’t even finish school, actually, so that she could focus on priesthood,” Aspin said. “She’s super judgemental.”
“Do your sisters look like you?” I asked.
“Somewhat.” Aspin shrugged. “Everyone says we look like our mother but I don’t see it. My hair’s darker than theirs is, more like Father’s, and I’m taller.”
I tried to imagine three other Aspin-looking druids, one dressed like a nurse, one like a professor, the other like a nun. I chuckled to myself.
“Anyway, I think you’ve asked a lot of questions,” Aspin said. “My turn!”
“Of course,” I replied, and I crossed my arms. “Go right ahead.”
“Was it cold?” she asked. “In Skyport?”
“Outside was pretty cold. But, mind you, it depended on how high we were. The inside was better because of insulation, but we couldn’t use much heating or else the balloons would explode,” I replied.
“Explode?”
“Yeah. The gas inside is flammable, so when there’s too much heat, they get too hot and expand so much that the whole place explodes. Or just catches on fire,” I explained. “We never had any problems, though. Everyone knew better.”
“Were there a lot of people living in the airships?” Aspin asked.
“Quite a few, yes, but not for as long as my father and I. Most people were just trying to travel for a little bit then return home, or move entirely. Rarely anyone wanted to live for good on the airship. Mostly retired scholars who like the environment, or want to see the world. That’s where my father found all my tutors.”
“What was your tutelage like?”
“Interesting. I had five tutors in total. One for language and history, one for sciences and geography, one for math, another for economics and social studies, and the last one for technology and mechanics. They were all eccentric and very much in love with what they taught. I wasn’t a good student, but they did their best anyway,” I said. I remembered fondly all the activities we’d do together, the experiments I’d conduct to learn about the wind or the properties of water. I wished I’d been more attentive. “My favourite was science. Mr. Laslen was very hands-on, so it was more engaging than the other lessons.”
“Did you go every day?” Aspin asked. “Our school was divided into five periods per day, six days a week. Borrowed from the British grammar school style. It’s funny how much Valley druids are actually very British, culturally speaking.”
“I did notice that,” I said. “What with you all speaking English and your interesting accents. As for my education, however, each tutor chose a day of the week and I’d be with them for about four hours, then I’d have two days to help my father.” I smiled at the memories. It was always nice to wake up on a Monday morning and be able to spend time together, even if we were rushing, even if we were stressed. It was a special bond. Shaking my head slightly as if to bring myself back to the topic at hand, I continued. “We covered a lot of material every day. According to the aptitude test I took in Britain the other year, I have about a first-year university level knowledge in each of my studies.”
“Impressive,” Aspin said. “I only got to my tenth year in grammar school before starting my alchemy training, and you know how that went.”
“I probably would’ve dropped my studies ages ago if my father hadn’t made me continue,” I said. “Nothing impressive about it.”
“Well, it’s still amazing that a seventeen-year-old has a year’s worth of education that many rich families would have to pay their weight in gold for.”
I shrugged. It didn’t seem like a big deal to me. My tutors rarely gave me tests or marks or whatnot, so my knowledge wasn’t as refined as it would be in a university. I wouldn’t be able to give a record of my learning if I wanted a job. In fact, the only reason my father wanted me to be taught so informally was so I wasn’t stupid. He didn’t think I’d ever leave the airship for a different life, let alone my own career.
“So, what about other aspects of life?” Aspin asked, eyes wide. “Did you cook? Shop?”
“Cooking was iffy,” I said. “We had to use very select ways of heating, so normally we’d purchase dry foods and iced produce whenever we landed. Sometimes we’d buy nice meals on the ground, I rarely cooked anything myself. Normally we’d use soup mixes with warm water.”
“The water, like from the clouds?” Aspin asked. “Did you ever use rain barrels?”
“Nah, the cloud distilleries were our only water source. It was more than we needed.” I pictured, in my mind, the distilleries. It made me miss the sky even more. Nothing was as hypnotizing as watching the clouds disappear into funnels like cotton being plucked out of the air.
“I have wondered something else,” Aspin said tentatively. “Though I’m afraid it’ll sound silly.”
“I won’t judge you,” I replied.
“How is it that Skyport flies?” she asked. “As far as druid knowledge goes, there’s no way to make ships soar through the sky the way it does.”
“Well, that would be because it’s a secret,” I said, winking. “Rather, the British wanted to keep it a secret. Even from the Americas.
“There were a lot of factors that led to Skyport becoming airborne, though it’s only been flying for twenty years. You see, there was this brilliant scientist named Abraham Leverton. He’s the one who developed, or at least patented, there’s debate surrounding the issue, the furnaces to create and weld heraculum, as well as investigated properties of gases. He’s often called the man of the future for thinking up all that he did. He’s written probably at least forty books by now about his discoveries and inventions.”
“So he created Skyport?” Aspin asked.
“Not exactly,” I said. “He designed and built a simple airship about thirty-five years ago that served as the prototype for all ships to follow. It was some wealthy trades company that had Skyport made. You see, when they realized they could condense clouds back into water using heraculum and proper temperature control, they knew they could start selling water all around the world. That was another thing Leverton discovered.”
“I see... And is Leverton still alive? Still coming up with futuristic inventions?”
“Unfortunately, no. He died not five years ago. Worked himself too hard, they say. He accomplished so much in his short lifetime though!”
“It all sounds incredible,” Aspin said.
“Well, my father thought so at least. That’s why we never left Skyport for very long.”
“Right,” Aspin said, her voice quiet and far off. “Were you ever lonely?”
I was taken aback. Lonely? I thought about it. I spent most of my time with my father and tutors, I rarely divulged my personal thoughts and worries. I was never truly alone, but… did I feel lonely?
“Sometimes,” I said finally. “There weren’t many other people my own age when I was growing up.”
We sat in silence. The light from outside disappeared in an instant, a sign that we were passing through a tunnel. Sparks from the rumbling tracks flew in front of the windows and fear shot through my heart, an instinctive worry from being on the airships. Any sign of a fire was enough to send people into a frenzy, even though none of us had ever witnessed an airship going up in flames. Quickly I calmed myself and continued to look out the window, the train leaving the tunnel and entering the countryside once more.
“Look!” Aspin said, pointing. “Cows!”
Sure enough, a herd of brown and white cows wandered an open field as the train went by. They were gone all too quickly, Aspin and I craning our necks to try and stare longer.
“I used to see cows a lot when the ship landed in Northern Eurasia, just by the sea in Germany,” I said. That had been the previous stop before we went to France. “But never for long. Only when people were selling them. It’s nice to see them all roaming and eating happily.”
“There was a cow farm in the town where I grew up,” Aspin said. “Druid farming is similar to human farming but we use enchantments to make things go quicker. More milk per cow, larger animals to slaughter, you know.”
I nodded and we both stared at the horizon. The sun was still high in the sky, the skyline a bright blue, spotted with clouds. It looked like a lovely day.
“I think…” Aspin said as we watched the world go by. “When this is all over and done with, I’m going to go back and study alchemy again.”
I smiled at her.
“I think you should,” I said. We held eye contact briefly, but she looked away. Free was still asleep on her lap, surprisingly, and I reached over to scratch his ears.
“Do you have any idea of what you want to do?” Aspin asked.
“I have absolutely no clue,” I replied. We laughed.
Chapter 18
We looked out the window of the train for a while in silence. It was nearly midday. The tracks passed right by a beautiful canal and despite the speed we travelled at I could make out the boats going by. Sunlight shimmered on the flowing water, rushes blew in the wake of the train, fishermen stood at the shore patiently. It was a beautiful summer day.
“I’ve never seen this much of France,” I said. Aspin looked away from the window.
“Neither have I. It’s overwhelming,” she replied. “Makes me miss home.”
“Me too.” I thought of my father, alone on the ship, probably missing me like I missed him. I hoped he wasn’t too worried about me.
“I never thought I’d miss West, damn him, but…” Aspin rested her chin on her hand, leaning against the window. “I wish he had come with us.”
“Why didn’t he?” I asked. “If he loves adventure so much.”
“Probably because he’s a coward. Knows that his stories would fall apart if he accompanied us,” she said bitterly. “He’s no adventurer.”
I decided to change the subject.
“I’ve always loved sightseeing since I didn’t get to do it too often. This train trip reminds me of when my father and I went horseback riding. I was a little girl, only about ten, but it was my birthday and I wanted to do something special. It felt like flying,” I said. Aspin giggled.
“It felt more like flying than living in flying ships?” She asked. I smiled and rolled my eyes.
“Well, being on a boat isn’t the same as swimming, is it? I can’t personally take off and soar with my own wings.” 
Aspin smirked.  “I knew what you meant.”
“So… there is magic to fly, right?” I vaguely remembered her mentioning it before. 
“Um, yes. It’s not what you’d think, though. Flying with magic is kinda like walking through the air and requires a lot of focus. So much focus that druids who do it often actually take special kinds of herbal remedies to alter how their brain works. It isn’t good for you,” she explained. “The only reason some druids even learn to is because it’s a symbol of power. Basically means you’re good at magic.”
“That’s disappointing,” I said. “I’d have loved to learn to fly.”
“You’ll have to stick to your horses,” Aspin said. “I’ve never ridden a horse. They are common familiars in rural areas, though, magical species of horse.”
“You should try if you get the chance,” I said, remembering the feeling. The wind whipping by, my hair swirling in a tangled mess all around me, the feeling of the horse’s mighty body beneath me.
“I’d love to.” Aspin looked back out the window. “There’s another thing about the human world that rather interests me,” she said, her eyes flicking back and forth as she watched the world fly by.
“Oh?” I asked.
“They seem to really love cooking. I don’t quite understand it. The food is worse for you, it costs more, yet people clammer for it. I tried to keep an open mind when we were in Catarine, but… I just don’t get it. Druids don’t have that sort of thing, just herbal remedies and other magical concoctions,” she said.
“What?” I laughed, thinking she must be joking. “Right. What do you eat on a regular basis then? Don’t you want it to taste good?”
“Of course our food is palatable. It just isn’t pastries. Honestly, pastries aren’t that good.”
“Not after you eat them every meal of the day, no,” I said. “But desserts and other delicacies are one of the many joys of being alive!”
“Well, druids eat a balance of three parts vegetables, one part meat, one part grain. This balance is spread across the day unless there’s an activity you require more energy for, then you’d have more grain. To druids, cooking means you’re making a potion or remedy or something.”
It made sense now, why everything druids made was so bland. Why all their meals focused less on presentation and flavour and more on density. Still, it was hard to understand, how could any civilization evolve without cuisine? 
“So you don’t like sweets, then?” I asked. Aspin shrugged.
“Druids know that we need to consume a certain amount of sugar, usually from a fruit juice, but otherwise sugary foods taste too rich. They fill you up without giving you lasting energy, not like bread or pasta,” she said.
“Well, what do druids do for fun then?” I asked. “If not partake in tasty meals.”
“Lots of things,” she said, scrunching up her nose, pretending to be insulted. “We have outdoor games and we sing songs and tell stories of days long past. Or, at least, young children and close-knit families do. West and I talk about current events and work and whatnot.”
“That sounds typical of humans too,” I said. “Though food plays such a huge role in bringing people together. I can’t believe you don’t have that.”
Aspin looked a bit troubled. She bit her bottom lip and glanced out the window.
“Well, I guess magic brings people together too,” she said quietly. “I can’t imagine growing up without your family helping you master techniques, sharing advice about magic, creating things together. Finding who you are, where your talents lie, what you want to become.”
“I suppose it’s hard to imagine living without it,” I said. “Just as I can’t imagine living without fine cuisine. I can’t believe we’re comparing food to magic!”
We both laughed at that.
“I have to admit, however,” Aspin said. “I did like that salad with the cheeses I had during that meal with Charles.”
We both grimaced at the name, the wounds still fresh.
“I’m glad you found something you enjoyed,” I replied, grinning. “Seems to me you prefer heartier foods.”
“I suppose so,” Aspin said, smiling back. “I’ll have to try some more, I guess.”
“I think you’d enjoy cooking. I mean honest-to-goodness home cooking, like humans do it,” I said. Aspin cocked an eyebrow.
“Why do you say that?” She asked.
“It’s a lot like alchemy! Or, at least, I assume so. You’re combining a bunch of stuff to create something new!”
“I… guess so,” she said, scratching her head. “It’s a bit more complicated than that.”
“Tell me about it!” I said. “The only thing I know about alchemy thus far is that your leg got that huge scratch in it.”
Aspin flinched and her hand grabbed her thigh reflexively. She squeezed her eyes shut for a second and then opened them once more, looking a bit worried. It seemed as though she’d forgotten about it until now. There was a stain on her dress where the fabric rested against her leg, faint against the colour of the garment, but certainly evidence that she was still injured.
“We should probably rewrap it,” she said. “It stopped hurting for a while… but I don’t think the bleeding’s stopped. I tried to focus some energy on healing but I don’t think I had it in me.”
I found some more fabric scraps in Aspin’s bag and we replaced the bandages on her thigh with fresh ones. We were running out of fabric, unfortunately, and Aspin looked really tired. 
“Alchemy isn’t like potion mixing. It isn’t about combining stuff. It’s about taking one element or object and using energy to transform it,” Aspin said as I tied up her wound. “It differs from regular magic in that it doesn’t just use energy from your soul. It needs a blood sacrifice.”
I finalized her bandages and looked up at her from where I knelt in the train compartment.
“A sacrifice?” I said inquisitively.
“Yeah.” She looked at her leg, eyes glazed over. “For example, in my classes with the Alchemist Galldrin, we started off by learning how to transform a pitcher of water into a pitcher of soil. We took little blades, cut across our palms, and dripped it into the water while concentrating and sending our energy through the blood…” she stopped. “Basically, instead of energy travelling normally into an object, you have to directly give it some of your life essence or else the energy won’t be concentrated enough to do anything.”
“That sounds intense,” I said. “So… how did alchemy help us through that wall, exactly?”
“Despite what it felt like, the only thing I transformed was the wall around us,” Aspin explained. “I had to use Lucas’ knife to cut open my leg and then when we came into contact with the wall, I drew out a lot of your and my energy, making the bricks we touched into water. It worked slowly, only a few bricks at a time, and they reverted back near-instantaneously. We got wet, so I also tried to delegate energy to drying us off as we went, which was a terrible idea. It barely worked.”
“You were incredible,” I said. “You were able to focus on that many things all at once, and we made it out alive.”
“Thanks,” Aspin said. She held my gaze for a few seconds, smiling through her evident pain. “I’m surprised Free doesn’t hate me for it.”
He was asleep, having shifted to the bench of our compartment, purring away softly, presumably enjoying some nice dreams.
“You must be exhausted,” I said, sitting back on the bench. “Tell you what, forget what I said before. Why not go and sleep? It’s not like anyone will recognize you in the dark. There are nice beds in the adjoining-”
“I’ll just stay here,” Aspin said quickly, cutting me off. “Remember, ease sore muscles? I’d prefer not to leave myself out in the open around… people who’re after me. Us.”
I pursed my lips.
“Of course, sorry.” I couldn’t help but feel this was my fault. I had put her in this situation. She was hurt because of me. “I’ll stay up and keep watch. Rest up, ok? You could use it.”
With a grateful smile, Aspin lay herself down on the bench opposite mine. Free, opening one eye, noticed her motionless, resting body and moved himself to cuddle into her as they both slept. I watched them, my heart full of worry, and listened to the hum of the train on the tracks while my thoughts wandered far beyond the summer countryside.
Chapter 19
Aspin slept until the sun had set and the train passed into the more densely populated areas. We were getting closer and closer to Paris.
She awoke with a start, sitting up abruptly and knocking Free off the bench. Her hair was a mess and the fabric of the seat left a funny imprint on the side of her face. She looked around, her eyes wild and full of fear. After a second or two, though, she calmed down and her shoulders, taught and defensive, relaxed.
“Hey,” she said softly, running a hand through her hair and stretching her back. She looked at me and smiled.
“Sleep well?” I asked. She nodded and breathed in deeply.
“What did you do for the past little while?” She straightened out the skirt of her dress and pet Free on the head, who still looked rather miffed from his sleep being disturbed.
“Just looked out the window,” I said. “It’s calming.”
Aspin nodded. 
“I had a funny dream…” she said, her head turned to face the window. The gaslights illuminating our compartment made her reflection block out the view. I saw her eyes gaze off, far away, her lips parted slightly, her hair falling in front of her face.
“What was it about?” I asked.
“I’m not sure, exactly,” she said. “I was standing in this… running water. And it was dark, I could hardly see a thing. Far off, in the distance, were these lanterns, their light revealing little ponds, and I wanted to get to those ponds, but… the water wouldn’t take me.
“It felt like I’d just rolled down a waterfall and finally reached the bottom, but the current wouldn’t carry me to a conclusion. I just stood there, in the cold water, waiting… and then I realized I had to swim there myself, if I wanted to reach the light. Then I woke up.”
“That is funny,” I said. “Do druids believe in the deeper meanings of dreams?”
“Of course,” Aspin replied, turning away from the window. “We believe that dreams are a spiritual connection from your mind to Terra. However, some dreams don’t really mean much other than whatever your imagination was concocting.”
“Sounds about right,” I said, smiling. “We believe that too. Not Terra, I mean, but that dreams are like a window to the soul.”
“That’s very poetic,” Aspin said. I shrugged.
“I didn’t come up with it,” I replied. She chuckled.
“Well then, humans are very poetic. Druid poets ramble on about connecting our souls to the world, but whenever I hear human turns of phrase and proverbs I always think to myself… you’re much more romantic than we are.” Aspin’s mouth turned a half-smile, her eyes up and to the right. She began humming a little tune.
“Hey… hey, I know that,” I said. Aspin broke out into a huge grin.
“You do?” she asked. “It’s the only human song I know. La taught it to me, she said she heard it when she was healing up a human one time.”
“Healing… a human?” I didn’t mean to sound as shocked as I did.
“Oh, well… She used to help out wounded humans behind the backs of her superiors. Her empathy got in the way of her prejudice, I suppose, and she always had a fun tidbit about them to tell me. But anyway, do you know the words to the song? I’ve long since forgotten,” Aspin said. 
“Of course! It’s called Whispers, and it’s a song commonly sung when you’re nervous or frightened. Mothers teach it to their toddlers. I learned it from a kid visiting Skyport, now and then you’ll hear an adult sing it.” I cleared my throat and gently sang the first verse of the song.

	“Don’t worry none, the wind it blows
	How loud and thunderous it may be
	But hardly stirs the sleeping bug
	Or rustles fruit out from a tree
	It howls and croons but fret you not
	For ground is firm beneath your feet
	And though your knees, together knock
	The wind won’t knock you to your seat”

Aspin stared at me, smiling, her eyes half-lidded and her chin sitting on the palms of her hands. 
“Why’s it called Whispers?” she asked.
“Because the final line of the song is ‘fears are but whispers in the dark’,” I replied. “Honestly, the song doesn’t make a lot of sense, and my father always said the lyrics have been bungled since he was a kid, but the tune is nice and it reminds me of simpler times.”
Aspin nodded.
“I know what you mean.” Suddenly, her complacent smile faded and a look of concern spread across her face. “You look exhausted. I can’t believe you didn’t request to go to sleep the second I woke up!”
“I’m fine, I promise!” I lied. My muscles were sore and aching, I felt like my brain was hardly able to hold a thought, and singing a calming lullaby certainly didn’t help my situation. Aspin narrowed her eyes.
“You need a rest,” she said firmly. “I used a lot of your energy when I pulled us through that wall. You’ve done so much for me since then, it really isn’t fair.”
I opened my mouth to protest but instead, I let out a yawn.
“Ok, fine,” I said. “But wake me if anything happens. If the train stops, sounds funny, or you can hear footsteps outside, or-”
“I got it,” Aspin said. She placed her hand on mine and squeezed it gently. “Sleep. I’ll be fine.” 
I relented, her concern for my well-being putting me at ease. The bench was far from comfortable, and a part of me longed to go to the train car with beds, but I wasn’t about to leave Aspin and Free here on their own. That and the colour of my skin might attract suspicion since I was a wanted criminal.
Despite being uncomfortable and not having a lot of room, I fell asleep within seconds of closing my eyes. I had dreams of a druid man and a human woman, their faces obscured, carrying a baby and then simply dropping it to the ground, running away. Unlike my regular nightmare, this just felt like something my brain cooked up to bother me. It was like my own subconscious was mocking me, laughing at me for my past.
Sleep never feels like it’s going on and on for hours, so when I woke up, I was surprised to see the sun out of the window.
“Oh, you’re awake!” Aspin said, seeing my sleepy eyes blink quickly. “My leg’s feeling a lot better. Free’s in your satchel, by the way, I tucked him there in case any humans come around.”
I didn’t want to lift myself off of the bench. I knew my muscles would groan and my bones would creak from lying in a funny position. However, one must brace oneself for the cruelty of reality, so I pushed my torso up and immediately felt my spine crack.
“Do you want me to use some magic? You know, for your muscles,” Aspin offered, witnessing my struggle. Instinctively, I went to refuse, but when I sat up further my shoulders felt like they’d been supporting the weight of an elephant and I couldn’t turn my head to the left.
“Yes please,” I said, rubbing the sore spot on my neck. Aspin moved to sit behind me on the bench. She placed her hands on my shoulders and a warm, pleasant feeling washed over my skin and seeped into my muscles. As her hands moved down my back, all the discomfort and soreness faded away. She ran her hands back up to my neck and then down my arms, leaning her face on my shoulder.
“Is that good?” she asked quietly. I nodded, gulping, all my words stuck somewhere between my pounding heart and contracted throat. She pulled away and moved to the opposite bench, smiling warmly at me. Her cheeks were rosy, a hint of a blush, and she folded her hands together on her lap.
“How’d you get so good at that?” I asked, moving my shoulders around in awe.
“Lots of practice after spending nights on West’s couch. My mother taught me when I was young.” She looked down at the ground, hiding her pride. “It’s not a hard technique. I can show you sometime.”
“I could really use this, yeah,” I said, laughing. “Us humans have to ask one another for massages to achieve anywhere near the same effect.”
“Oh, I know what a massage is,” Aspin said, looking back up. “For druids, though, that’s considered an intimate activity. Not necessary, but a nice form of… contact.”
Her cheeks grew rosier and rosier by the second.
“Ah, I see what you mean,” I managed to say, coherence pushing its way through my swirling thoughts. “I’m, um, surprised you managed to get Free into the bag.”
“Oh, yeah, I used the sedation technique. It’s nothing too powerful but enough to ease him to sleep. La taught it to me,” she said. “It’s a healer technique. Animal handlers use it too, of course.”
I remembered the druid salesman who brought Free and all his presumed siblings to Skyport. In fact, I was certain she’d used the technique in front of me before.
“So, um, you and West talked about Malakei. Do you know him well?” I asked. Aspin raised her eyebrows.
“No, but he grew up in the same city as me, was maybe four years older than I? I think La went to school with him,” she said. “Why do you ask?”
“Well, he brought Free and other creatures like him to Skyport, I guess this is all his fault,” I replied, laughing bitterly. “He wanted to sell them as pets.”
“From what I heard, he was certainly an unusual man,” Aspin said. “I can’t imagine druids are very accepting of his… career. No doubt in my mind, really, that the only reason he’s even doing business with humans is that he got in trouble with our kind and had nowhere else to go. Selling magical creatures to those who cannot hope to understand them seems cruel to both parties.”
I nodded.
“Fate’s a funny thing,” I said.
“It sure is,” Aspin replied.

It was nice, taking the train ride easy, keeping out of the way. We were quite sick of pastries but it was the only food we had on us so we reluctantly chewed through our supply. I decided to take the time to read some more of the journal.
Beyond the previous entries, things had taken a dark turn. Annie returned to human cities but quickly discovered her father to be dead. Suicide. The thought of it chilled my blood.
She tried to maintain a normal, human lifestyle afterwards. She found love, even, but commented that ‘it never felt quite right’.
She was unhappy and bitter for a good many years. The journal detailed her holding her baby in her arms, looking into its eyes, and wishing she hadn’t been born. ‘I’ve condemned her. I realized it the second I felt her heartbeat inside me. She will live like me, won’t she? Why have I done this?’.
I felt her fears- and guilty because of it. Would I want a child, if I were able? Would I feel confident raising someone like me?
“Is it interesting?” Aspin asked, gesturing to the journal. Broken out of my trance, I shrugged.
“It’s the story of a remarkable person leading an unremarkable life. The interesting part, to me, is how much I can relate to her,” I explained, closing the journal. “We have very different experiences with who and what we are, but… somehow, we’re very much alike.”
Aspin smiled.
“If you’d let me, one day I’d like to read it,” she said. “I want to have that kind of insight into who you are, and who you think you are.” 
“I wouldn’t mind, once I’m done,” I said. Just then, Aspin turned to look out the window.
“I think we’re nearly there,” she said, the pitch of her voice rising with her excitement. I couldn’t tell if she was happy to be in Paris or simply at the prospect of finally getting off the train. After three days of being cramped in this compartment, we were very, very ready to be anywhere else. 
“Be nice to sleep on a real bed…” I mumbled, shifting closer to the window and joining Aspin. We had passed through a farm country stretch before reaching Paris, so the clusters of homes and the cobbled roads were quite the stark contrast. 
“Agreed,” Aspin said, her eyes sparkling. “We’re halfway through our journey!”
“I’m almost to meeting my parents,” I said. The realization was a bit overwhelming and I slumped down in my seat. I hadn’t thought about what I’d say to them once I found them. Besides, I didn’t even know if they were still alive after seventeen years.
The train slowed to a gradual stop after entering a big, brown brick building I could only assume was the station. It was a lot larger than the one we’d departed from, which was saying something considering how sprawling it was. After the engine finally ground to a halt, the sounds of anxious passengers echoed through our compartment. It appeared people were making their way to the exits of the train, passing through our train car.
“I’m nervous,” Aspin said, glancing out the window of the train at the awaiting station. “Assuming word has gotten around, there will definitely be guards waiting for us here.”
I’d pushed that thought out of my mind for the past couple of days. I forgot entirely that we’d told Charles our entire route -- and no doubt, what with our identities being known, they’d have an inkling of where we were truly headed. My stomach sank and I wished desperately that I had more to eat than another cabbage-filled danish.
“We’ll have to sneak into the crowd,” I said. “Keep our heads low.”
Aspin nodded, though the worry lines of her brow grew more and more pronounced by the second. She was a good few inches taller than I, it would be harder for her to blend in, and it appeared she was realizing this along with me.
“Gather our things and we’ll go, quickly,” she said, fastening the hat to her head with a newfound determination. “We’re gonna make it out of this station, and out of this city. It’s time to abandon our route.”
I pressed my lips together and pulled Lucas’ knife from Aspin’s bag, tucking it into my boot. You never knew when you’d need to defend yourself. I didn’t like the idea of throwing aside our travel plans, not one bit, but I knew Aspin had a point; we weren’t safe following the path set for us by someone now tracking us down.
We ducked out of our compartment just as a big wave of people rushed by. I ended up squeezed between an elderly lady and a father holding the hand of a young child, whose thumb was firmly planted between his lips and his eyebrows turned into a tiny frown. Aspin was pushed a few feet behind me and I glanced occasionally over my shoulder to check on her, though all I could see was the brim of her hat.
“Hurry up!” A man in a very nice dress coat and top hat muttered, his moustache wiggling in frustration.
“Stop shoving!” A lady in a tacky blue dress said, bumping shoulders with him. He scowled back at her and began rushing ahead, pushing me further back in the crowd. To my relief, I ended up just in front of Aspin. Her hand reached out for mine, her gloved fingers brushing against my elbow. I bent my arm to grasp her hand and pulled her closer, making sure we wouldn’t get separated by the crowd again. We were off the train and moving swiftly through the station to the exit now; things seemed to be going smoothly. I couldn’t see much over the heads of the people around us but I hadn’t been able to spot a single French guard thus far, which I deemed a success.
“Miss,” a voice said very quietly in my ear. It startled me and I looked around the crowd, trying to find the source.
“Miss, you and your friend are in danger. They’re at the doors, looking for you. Please, listen to me, duck to your left out of the stream of people,” the voice continued. It was the voice of a young boy with a heavy Cockney accent.
“Aspin, follow my lead,” I whispered. She looked up and nodded, flashing me a comforting smile. My heart leaped. She trusted me, I realized. That gave me all the confidence I needed.
Without missing a beat, I pulled the two of us out of the crowd to our left and walked a little ways, realizing we were in a small corridor next to what appeared to be a janitor’s closet.
“You made it, good,” the voice said, this time from somewhere in front of me, belonging very much to an entity hiding in the dark. “I was worried when I couldn’t spot you, you’re better at hiding than I thought!”
Out of the shadowy corridor stepped a boy wearing rundown trousers and suspenders, a paperboy cap, and a stained white button-up. He had shaggy brown hair and nearly black eyes, his cheeks spattered with freckles and his smile missing a few teeth.
“Who are you?” Aspin asked, her grip on my hand tightening.
“I’m Milo, nice to formally be introduced!” The boy took off his hat and bowed, then held out a grubby hand to shake. Aspin and I made uncomfortable eye contact and did nothing. A bit put out, he rubbed his hand on his shirt and shoved it into his trouser pocket, puffing out his cheeks.
“You’re a druid,” I said, eyes wide. His pointed ears had only been noticeable when he had removed the hat, but sure enough, they were there.
“You betcha, Miss, just the same as you two!” He grinned wide. “I’d have nice tattoos like this lady, too, if things ended up a little different.”
“Milo, right?” Aspin narrowed her eyes and looked the boy up and down. “Were you a part of that gang back in Catarine?”
“Right again!” Milo said, leaning back on his heels. “I’m the unlucky sort, unfortunately, along with the other lads. We were shipped off as slaves and then tried to make our own lives, still in the human world. I didn’t like it very much.”
“Did you follow us?” I asked. He smiled sheepishly, his freckled cheeks flushing a bit.
“Well, y’see, I hadn’t met druids travelling through ever. I’ve visited druid places, of course, but I ain’t never met anyone on a real adventure. ‘N I could tell you two were the adventuring types,” he said. I couldn’t help but smile.
“So you wanted to tag along?” Aspin was evidently annoyed rather than endeared. “It isn’t exactly fun, you know. You clearly figured out who we are somehow, so you know what you stand to lose. We’re all in that much more danger now that you’re here!”
Milo’s face fell and he looked down at his feet.
“I just wanted to help,” he said, his voice a little quieter. “I hid away between the cars ‘n when I heard about the Avents, well… even I know who they are. I kinda figured, well, with you two on the run ‘n looking the way you do…” He paused as he tried to gather his thoughts. “Well, I know who you are. Miss over there-” he pointed at me. “-is Miss Avent, ‘n you’re her friend.” He gestured to Aspin.
“You can call me Leah,” I said. Milo looked relieved to see I harboured less annoyance than Aspin. “And this is Aspin.”
She didn’t look happy one bit.
“Nice to meet you both, Miss Leah and Miss Aspin,” Milo said. “Anyway, there’s another way we can get out of this station to avoid the guards. It’s how I got in here in the first place!”
“What do you mean?” I asked.
“I jumped out b’fore we got to the station to avoid crowds of people ‘n all that. Then I found this…” He turned around and gestured for us to follow him, further down into the alleyway. Aspin shot a dirty look at me but went after him anyway, still letting her fingers linger loosely with mine.
“So, when I was gonna come back into the station, I saw all these guards forcing people into single-file lines ‘n looking ‘em over as they walked by. So I snuck around and saw this service door and, using a little magical lockpicking, made my way through,” Milo explained, looking over his shoulder as he spoke. “It led into this place, a hallway right near the front entrance to the station. Real easy to get through. Here,” he stopped right in front of a big metal door with a big, rusty lock that had been broken.
“So this leads outside?” Aspin said. “And you’re sure no one will see us?”
“Sure, it’ll just take us to this back alleyway. Not a soul around. Here, I’ll even go out and look for you two!” Milo swung the door open with great effort and poked his torso out, scouting the exit. He popped back inside and smiled. “All clear!”
I nudged Aspin and she let go of my hand, stepping outside after Milo with me close behind. Sure enough, we were standing in a dank alley between two tall brick buildings. A rat scurried by my feet and Free poked his head out of my satchel, making me question yet again if he could understand what we said and what was going on around him.
“So!” Milo placed his hands onto his scrawny hips and looked to our left. “I guess now all we gotta do is get outta here.”
“And out of Paris,” Aspin said. “I don’t mind you helping us, Milo, it seems like you’re very adept at… being sneaky. But we call the shots, ok?”
He nodded and winked at her.
“Of course! Lead the way then, boss-lady!”
I looked at Aspin and she looked back, her expression softening a little. The corners of her mouth turned up for a split second, reassuring me that she was now a bit more comfortable with Milo’s presence. 
In a line, we marched our way out of the alley, Milo in the middle of Aspin and I. He wasn’t very tall, even for a kid his age, which I suppose one could attribute to malnutrition. The light of the street was near-blinding, coming out of the hazy station and unlit alley. I put my hand up to create a visor above my eyes and scanned my new surroundings.
“There’s guards over there,” Milo said in a quiet voice. I pushed Free back into my bag, my eyes hyper-focusing in front of us at two men in dark brown uniforms. They looked around the little city block with half-lidded eyes, clearly not expecting much. We at least had that advantage.
“Should we go north?” Aspin asked Milo, looking over her shoulder and down at him. “That’s where Reves is.”
“You think we’ll be safer in druid territory?” I whispered sharply before Milo could respond.
“Absolutely I do,” Aspin said. “Milo?”
“I don’t have any connections in Reves, may I perhaps suggest northwest to Bolden? There are a good many friends of friends there,” he said as we remained pressed against a building, walking slowly to nowhere in particular, trying to seem inconspicuous.
“And you trust these people not to sell out two wanted fugitives?” Aspin asked. Milo thought about that for a minute.
“Well, what’s in Reves then?” he retorted. “You know anyone up there?”
“In fact, I do. And I trust them with my life.” Aspin looked me in the eyes as if trying to communicate telepathically. Her expression was asking me gently to take her side and agree.
“Alright, then, to Reves,” I whispered. Milo said nothing and we kept walking.
The city was larger than I expected. I hadn’t ever seen buildings so tall or paths so wide and sprawling. I tried not to get distracted; we needed to orient ourselves.
“Oh god, don’t look,” Aspin suddenly said quietly, speeding up. On the ground across the way was a woman, her head hidden under a bonnet and her arms covered by long sleeves and hands capped with gloves. She sported a bloody gash on her cheek and her stocking-covered leg was cut as well. Tears streaked her face and she shielded herself with her arms, crying out in French. A man, wielding an ordinary cane, towered above her and spat in an unsavoury tone while striking her.
“What’s going on? I can’t understand what they’re saying,” I said. Milo craned his neck.
“I speak French fluently,” he said. “The man is calling her a- well, he’s saying unkind things. Oh…” He stopped walking entirely and let Aspin get ahead of us. “He’s accusing her of colluding with the traitor. He says, “everyone knows you’re one of them”, and he means druids of course. And she’s-” 
I couldn’t hear the rest of what he said. Independently from me, my feet carried me over to them.
“Leave her be!” I shouted, not caring whether or not the man would understand. He paused momentarily, blinking astonishedly, and I took the opportunity to slap him across the face. I tried to focus energy into the hit and, sure enough, he stumbled backwards then fell to the ground. I turned to look at the woman, who had already inched backwards and was trying to get up.
“What are you doing?” Aspin yelled at me. I looked at her, pleading silently for her to understand. This was our fault- my fault. I knelt down and offered my hand to the woman, who stared at me with fearful eyes, but finally grabbed onto it and let me help her back to her feet. 
“Est-ce que vous pouvez marcher?” I said, asking her whether or not she could walk. She hesitated and then nodded, brushing her skirt off. I asked her where she lived and again she gave me a curious look, saying nothing, but pointed off to the right and I offered to help her home.
“Look…” I said to Aspin as I let the woman lean on my shoulder, her leg making walking very difficult. “She needs help. She’s like us.”
Aspin pursed her lips and her eyes searched the sky as if it would offer her strength. Her hand wandered to her own leg and I knew I’d won her over.
“We bring her home and that’s that,” she said. “We’re already drawing too much attention-” She suddenly stopped talking and scanned our surroundings, whipping her head around. “Where did the kid go?”
Sure enough, Milo had disappeared, along with my satchel. My heart sank; I could’ve sworn it was slung over my shoulder before I ran over here, but… no more. Aspin still had her little bag, thankfully.
We walked down the streets, allowing the woman to lead us in the right direction. She kept looking up at us but never said a single word, occasionally wincing from the pain of her injuries. 
Soon enough we reached a small doorway sandwiched between a butcher and a tavern that led to a narrow set of stairs. Using a small silver key, the woman shakily unlocked the door and took us up to her apartment. 
“We’re here, now let’s get out and find that little rat before it’s too late!” Aspin hissed in my ear.
“We’re the reason she’s beaten up like that,” I hissed back. “At least let me… apologize in some way. We can clean her wounds.”
Aspin stared at me like I was speaking in tongues.
“No, absolutely not!” she said, raising her voice. “Say ‘sorry’ or whatever now and we’re leaving. That’s final. I don’t care how guilty you feel, if she really is a druid then she can take care of herself.”
“And what if she isn’t?” I asked. The woman was fumbling with a second set of keys, seeming to pay no mind to our bickering.
“Then she can clean them out herself and heal in a week or so. You lived your whole life up until now as completely human, you know they aren’t made of glass.” Aspin said, then closed her eyes. “Shit, I shouldn’t have said that.”
“Merci.” The woman had managed to open her apartment door and looked at us, her eyes without any hint of emotion. She went inside and closed the door behind her abruptly, causing Aspin and me to jump.
“That’s that, then,” I said. “And don’t worry. It’s not like she spoke English.”
“You don’t know that,” Aspin replied. “Honestly. Sometimes I forget you’re only a year younger than me.”
That remark stung. I kept my mouth shut, however, and we left the little apartment. Once we were back on the street, Aspin’s posture became a little more defensive. She was clearly shaken up from the whole experience.
“He has Free,” I said. “So either he’ll escape the bag and find me, or…” I didn’t have a continuation.
“Free can fend for himself,” Aspin said. “Us, on the other hand, we might be in a bit of trouble.”
We wandered aimlessly as if we had any idea where to look in such a gargantuan city for a scrawny kid with a knack for staying hidden. The whole time Aspin hardly said a word to me, and I could tell she was feeling bitterly smug under her layers of clothes.
“Have you noticed?” I said quietly as we turned another corner. “There are a fair amount of people dressed up to hide their skin despite the heat. I have a feeling…”
“There are more druids around than one may initially suspect,” Aspin finished my sentence. “I hadn’t really been paying attention to that, but now that you mention it…”
We had been walking for hours at this point. The train’s arrival had been early in the day, but now it was closing in on sunset. Mentally I was exhausted. The stresses of the environment mixed with the fear and separation anxiety from Free were really wearing me down. Aspin wasn’t doing much better, it seemed, looking overheated and her eyebrows pushing her forehead together into little wrinkles of neuroticism. 
“Let’s find somewhere to just sit down awhile,” I suggested. Aspin nodded, her movements lethargic, and we wandered over to a bench next to a small fountain. The surrounding buildings didn’t seem quite as welcoming as in the cities I was used to visiting; they were hole-in-the-wall restaurants and shops with worn-down signage, little to no lighting inside, and their windows were covered in dirt. I couldn’t see any hotels or inns anywhere nearby, though I knew I wouldn’t feel comfortable checking into one without finding Free.
“I just want to say,” Aspin started, looking over at me. “I’m sorry for being so… hostile today. That wasn’t fair of me.”
“No, don’t apologize, I-”
“Just hear me out.” She sighed and tilted her head up, closing her eyes. “I’m hesitant to trust anyone, and you’re a little more… empathetic. I just couldn’t wrap my head around those kinds of feelings towards people you don’t know who would never do the same for you. There isn’t anything wrong with seeing the good in people.”
“I should be more cautious,” I said. “I don’t think you were being unreasonable.”
She smiled at me wearily.
“It’ll work out,” she said. “We’ll find the kid, or he’ll find us.” Her words were supportive but her voice sounded almost vindictive; dry, frustrated, disappointed. I fiddled with my hair, trying not to overthink it.
The light faded from the sky and a man came by us, lighting the gaslights on the streets. He tipped his hat and said nothing, continuing on his way and humming quietly to himself as he worked. In the peaceful evening, silence seemed to fall like a warm blanket over this little city square and I was finally able to really take a deep breath in and let it all back out.
“Hello there, little ladies,” a deep, gruff voice said from behind us. Suddenly, my body felt completely and totally paralyzed. I couldn’t look over at Aspin to see what was going on and my thoughts began to trip over one another, every worst-case scenario popping into my mind. 
A man, tall and muscular, stepped in front of the bench and crossed his arms, staring down at us with a sinister smile. His skin was tanned, covered in black swirling emblems, and his short-cut hair revealed the pointed ends of his ears.
“I hope you don’t think me rude.” He snapped his fingers and two people covered in bandages joined him, holding out lengths of rope. One kneeled in front of me and bound my hands together, the other disappearing from my peripheral vision to where Aspin sat. We were dragged from the bench onto the rough ground and dragged across it, bumping into one another, down into an alleyway.
I thought to myself how damn sick I was of alleys.
The man led the way for the two people pulling us along, his hands clasped behind his back, each stride he made slow and purposeful. We were dragged for several minutes, making a few sharp turns, eventually ending up next to a side entrance to some sort of building. The two people positioned Aspin and me onto our knees, our hands sitting in front of us, restrained. Suddenly my ability to control my limbs returned but I felt too weak and scared to move. My hands began to shake and I looked over at Aspin, just as tired and frightened as I was.
“Thank you, Fleur,” the man said, turning his head to the left. A woman stepped out of the shadows and my heart fell. It was the druid we’d helped up off the street. She’d taken off her restrictive clothing and several tattoos were plain to see across her skin, along with the wound on her cheek. She had a cold, unfeeling expression, and it was clear to see she was judging us- judging me.
“You see, dearies, you may not realize this but druids and humans do often agree on things,” the man said. “One being that we work better when separate.”
The woman, Fleur, briefly flashed Aspin and me a cruel smile before turning around and walking away.
“There are a few individuals in Paris who compensate people like me to… keep a balance. It’s tough for druids outside of druid territory, and as much as the French nobility like to pretend we’re all living harmoniously and that things are really working out between us, it’s a bit of a stretch of the truth.” He paced the five-foot gap between the buildings as he spoke. “Let’s be honest for a minute, then, before I turn you in.”
“Turn us in?” Aspin said. “To the humans?”
“Yes, indeed to the humans,” the man smiled widely, wickedly. “You gawk, madame, because you think druids and humans live apart and hate communicating. But that’s hardly it at all! There are druids spying for humans everywhere. It’s only the ones that get caught that end up on the wrong side of history, like that young girl’s father.”
I swallowed the lump in my throat.
“Yes, it’s not something the guards like to admit, but they give people like me and my friends a free pass in this city if we… lend them a helping hand. Which makes life just a tad easier,” he continued.
“Why not just live with druids?” Aspin asked. “Why resort to this?”
“Why?” The man laughed. “If I don’t, someone else will. Someone else will get to live with their luxuries, their food, their entertainment. I was never cut out for being a good, traditional druid. My magic works better here.”
I felt sick to my stomach. Was my father like this too? Had he just been a spy, taking advantage of the rift between druids and humans?
“So you’re giving up your own kind, then,” Aspin spat. “Giving us in for a handful of silver.”
“She isn’t my kind,” he said, pointing at me. “I may be traitorous, but I know what lines can’t be crossed. She shouldn’t have been a remote possibility.”
“Don’t you dare,” Aspin said, her voice shaking with fury. “She’s more of a druid than you’ll ever be, you filthy-”
The man leaned over and slapped Aspin across the face. My breath hitched and I let out a squeak.
“Shut your whore mouth,” he said in a low voice. Aspin’s jaw clenched and unclenched, her cheek turning a bright red from the strike.
“Miss, don’t you worry!”
My heart fluttered with excitement. In my ear, quiet as a mouse, was Milo’s voice.
“Don’t move at all. I’m using a technique to free your hands. When the ropes fall to the ground you must run, please, and don’t look back,” he said. I glanced at Aspin, but I couldn’t tell whether or not she was receiving the same message. Her expression was still that of anger and resentment, not wavering for a second.
The ropes around my wrists began to loosen slowly. The man held Aspin’s chin up to look at him and he smirked, forcing me to involuntarily shudder. She pulled her neck back from him as his face came closer and closer to hers.
My ropes slipped off my hands entirely, falling to the ground.
It felt like some carnal part of me took over the second I was free and I pulled Lucas’ knife from my boot and jabbed it into the man’s side. He yelled out and stumbled backwards, falling in front of Aspin. His two cronies, taken by surprise, readied their hands with energy and began to rush forwards but Milo dropped from above and struck them both with his own force, screaming and shrieking like a wild animal. I slashed Aspin’s ropes and she immediately stood up and stomped right onto the man’s groin.
“Run!” Milo shouted. “Go, don’t look back!”
I couldn’t bring myself to heed his advice. I ran after Aspin, who had just rounded a corner and was out of sight, but hesitated and turned around.
My hands flew over my mouth. The bandaged druids were holding Milo, forcing him onto his knees with his arms out in front of him, palms up. He wasn’t saying a word.
“Think you’re clever, do you, boy?” The man, clutching his wound with one hand, reached behind his back and pulled out a long blade. It looked like something made for a 9-foot-tall butcher. My heart stopped in my chest at the sight of the weapon, fearing just how much damage it could inflict. He shuddered from the pain of his injury and then wielded the blade with both hands, blood flowing down his side. He didn’t seem to care.
“This is where your soul is, isn’t it? One of your arms,” he continued, running the blunt side of the blade from Milo’s shoulder to his wrist, left then right. “You know the pitiful amount of time you bought for your friends won’t save them. You disgusting traitor.”
He raised the blade high, positioning himself just to the left of Milo, the perfect executioner’s pose. Thoughts raced through my mind and I remembered the spell Aspin had taught me, the one to turn my skin to stone. If I could time everything just right, there was a chance I could save Milo.
It was like the world had stopped spinning as I ran towards the druids. I was out of their line of sight for just long enough-
I jumped in front of Milo, pushing past one of the bandaged druids. The blade came down and I focused all my energy, praying, raising my arm up to shield my face. That was the last thing I remembered.
Chapter 20
When I woke up I was in agony. The sky that was previously above me had been replaced by dusty rafters laced with cobwebs. I cringed, gritting my teeth from the pain.
“Leah!” I was suddenly wrapped in a hug from Aspin, her arms snugly around my neck. “You woke up, you’re alive, I’m so glad! We were worried that- that it was too late!”
“What…” I winced, her tight grasp aggravating my sore body. “What are you talking about? What happened?”
She pulled back and I could see more of my surroundings. I was lying on a bed, a brown blanket draped over my legs with Free nestled on top, my clothes were drenched in sweat, and there were two people behind Aspin. Milo and… an old man, someone I didn’t recognize.
“This is Horatio,” Aspin said, gesturing to the man. “He doesn’t look it but he’s actually a druid.”
“Hello, Leah. Please don’t be alarmed,” Horatio said. I looked around a little bit more, attempting to shift my position when I found myself tipping to the right. My arm hadn’t supported my weight, it-
“What happened to my arm?” I looked over at my shoulder and felt bile rise up in my throat. “Where’s my arm?”
“You saved me,” Milo said. “I’m so sorry. I-I did this to you.”
His voice was shaking and snot ran down his face. His shoulders shook as he tried to wipe away the tears. Aspin held his hand, though she was shaking as well.
“What happened was…” Aspin started, then she paused and looked at Horatio. “I didn’t see most of it. But he was watching everything happen.”
“Leah, my dear, I’d like to preface my witness account with an introduction so you may understand why things happened the way they did,” Horatio said. His bushy grey eyebrows pressed together in concern. “I’m a druid, living in Paris disguised as a human. Many choose to live like this, but personally, I did so not because I’m escaping a British slavery encampment. I was born and raised not too far from here, in Aspin’s home town in fact. But I came to Paris because I wanted to combine my magical energy with steam-powered technology.”
“Why are you telling me this?” I asked. I was dizzy and lightheaded.
“It’s important, as previously stated. May I continue?”
I nodded.
“It’s hard for regular folks to make a living selling experimental devices that no one understands. I’d been using my skills to aid, regretfully, the gangs of Paris. As such, I’m well aware of their activities, using that device over there.” He pointed to a map in a frame, fitted with gears and other moving bits that slid around the map slowly. I realized they were meant to represent people’s movements. It was an impressive work, no doubt. “So when I noticed Thadius approaching my home I grew worried. He isn’t the type you’d want to upset, a lesson you’ve learned likely more than the rest of us. So I used another of my devices, a scope of sorts, to observe him in case I was in any danger. That’s when I saw you three.
“When your young friend, Milo, was in a compromising position, I watched as you rushed towards him. It was heroic, if not foolish and brash. When Thadius’ weapon struck, it was directly into your arm, just by the shoulder. I could tell you had attempted a defensive technique of sorts but it didn’t quite work in time. Instead, your energy mixed with the force of Thadius’ blade completely severed and destroyed your right arm.”
“And then-” Milo interjected, his voice still shaky. “And then you did it. I’ve seen it before... When druids come close to death, they release this shockwave of energy so powerful and immense… And yours, your shockwave I mean, it knocked the bad guys right out. That’s when Horatio came running to us, helping us bring you inside.”
“You were unconscious. Barely holding on,” Aspin said. “You had expended nearly all your energy, plus your wound was… Well, Horatio managed to use some magic concoctions to keep you stable.”
I closed my eyes and lay back down on the bed slowly. The room was spinning and I felt like I was going to be sick.
“You’re a strong soul, Leah,” Horatio said. His voice sounded like my father’s. “It’s going to be alright.”
I lay there with my eyes pressed shut, trying to ignore how much my shoulder was hurting, the way my muscles ached and screamed for rest. Free had been purring while sleeping on my legs for a while now, making my feet start to tingle. Horatio had prepared some kind of soup for the three of us but I didn’t think I could stomach it.
“You have to eat soon, ok?” Aspin said. “Your last meal was a day ago.”
Horatio sat with me and rubbed a numbing salve on my shoulder, easing my pain a little. He used some magical techniques to help my stomach, then had Aspin ladle soup into my mouth. I felt so useless. My right hand was dominant to my left. I directed my power through it. What good would I be on my own quest in a state like this?
“I just keep thinking…” Aspin murmured to me as I ate. “It should’ve been me. I should’ve been right there next to you. I know he told us to run, but… Even still, I feel so cowardly.”
I wanted to tell her she was wrong and that she did exactly what she should’ve, but my mouth was full of soup.
After eating, I rested some more. Free was feeling confident enough with my health to explore Horatio’s home a little bit, leaving me to move my legs. When I awoke once more, Horatio sent Milo and Aspin to purchase some things, using his honed disguising techniques to make sure they wouldn’t be recognized.
“The truth is, I sent them away because I have a very important subject to discuss with you,” he said once they had left. “Aspin let me know the specifics of your journey. It’s clear how much she cares for you. I don’t think she slept a wink while you were recovering. And I just want you to know, I don’t harbour any ill will against your family and what they’ve done.”
“So you know? About me?” I managed to say, the numbing herbs he’d given me making talking a little difficult. He nodded.
“Aspin told me, once she found out what I did for a living. She knew I would be… sympathetic, I suppose.” he explained.
That made sense to me. Horatio continued talking, changing the subject.
“I, well, I’ve had this android and not a plan for it as of yet. It was built by some crazy inventor who had no idea how to get it running, so I figured… at some point, I suppose, I’ll use magic to animate it. Perhaps it can be my assistant. But I’ve gone on a bit of a tangent, I suppose…” He scratched his balding head. “Nevertheless. It has a masterfully crafted set of limbs, with hands so finely detailed you could likely play the piano gracefully with them. If I were to ‘operate’ on you, for lack of a better term, I could attach this arm to your body and then to your soul. This way, through very little magical energy, you could control it as if it were your own original limb. How would you feel about that?”
He brought the android over for me to inspect as I contemplated the offer. He hadn’t exaggerated in his description; it was truly a work of dedication and art. 
Horatio lay the creation next to me on the bed. I marvelled at its design, my eyes travelling up and down the entire android and then focusing in on the arm. The structure, at a glance, wasn’t unlike the anatomical models in science textbooks of human muscles. The copper and heraculum wires, uninsulated, were intertwined like the proteins that lay underneath layers of skin, long strands sloping from the shoulder to the wrist. When I looked closer, however, I could see they were not tight enough to hide the inner workings of the machine; gears nestled into one another, perfectly made to interlock.
The elbow and wrist were both metal balls. I tapped my nail against each gently, determining they were hollow structures, probably to reduce the weight of it all. Surprisingly, it wasn’t too heavy altogether when I gently lifted it with my left hand.
The most impressive part, however, was the hand.
The amount of detail and articulation in each and every finger was breathtaking; it must’ve taken many years to design and craft such a marvel. It was far more skeletal than the rest of the arm, the pseudo-muscle ending at the wrist and showcasing the long steel rods shaped like human bones and welded together. A few sheets of thin, malleable metal covered the back of the hand as well as the palm and fingers, though they were gently sloped and much more loosely attached to the rest of the structure. At the right angles, you could peer right under the sheets and see the tendons attached to each finger, controlling their movement. I spent several seconds comparing my flesh-covered hand’s range of motion to the android’s own. The two mirrored each other perfectly.
Finally, I pulled my eyes away from the android and instead held the cool, metallic fingers in my left hand. With difficulty, I imagined my right arm being replaced by this mechanical device. What would it be like for someone else to feel this touching their skin? 
“I’d be stronger, wouldn’t I?” I asked. Horatio merely shrugged.
“Perhaps you would. I guess it’s a possibility. I will warn you, there’s no physical sensation in it. If you were to go through with the transplant, you could use the arm as normal but you wouldn’t feel more than the vibrations of touching something.”
“I can’t exactly feel anything like this anyway,” I said, trying to smile. It wasn’t working.
“So… shall we do it?” He asked.
As far as I could see, it was my best chance at maintaining my usefulness. I could still channel magic through a metal arm, right? And besides, anything was better than… nothing. It didn’t take much consideration to come to a conclusion.
“Yes. Please.”

It took many hours for Horatio to get the metal arm free from the android and positioned on my body. In that time, Free decided he was sleepy again and rested next to me on the bed. Aspin and Milo came back with his requested items right as he was in the middle of merging metal with flesh, both shocked and disgusted by what they were witnessing.
	“Thank you, you two,” Horatio said calmly, not looking away from his work. “Please, if you would, occupy yourselves elsewhere. This is a delicate procedure and will involve disturbing scenes. Leah likely doesn’t want witnesses to what must take place.”
	Whispering to each other like schoolchildren, Aspin and Milo went into a different room, leaving Horatio to work uninterrupted.
	“You know,” he said to me as he bound me to the arm, my leftover tissue wrapping around the metal rods and plates. He wasn’t wrong; it was quite disturbing. “I’ve actually met a great many people like you. Part human, part druid, often in unequal amounts.”
	If I hadn’t been so numbed from the herbal remedies I would’ve responded with surprise.
	“It’s true. There are far more than you’d expect, though you’d never realize unless they told you. And there aren’t many folks who they’d feel comfortable telling.” 
His magic seemed to almost weave my shoulder into the mechanical arm, which he had to also adjust with magic so it was comparable in shape and size to my left side.
	“With me living the way I do, I suppose they simply feel more comfortable disclosing that sort of thing with me. So I’ve known at least ten partial-druids in my lifetime, not including you. 
“Now, I know what you must be wondering, I’ve wondered about it all the same… why is it that your parents were so heavily prosecuted for a crime that many are committing behind closed doors? Their love was hardly one-of-a-kind. Neither are you, not meant with any offence.”
I tried to make an expression that denoted I hadn’t taken any. My eyes narrowed and my head tilted slightly. It would have to do.
“The truth is, when it comes to situations like this, those in power need someone to blame. And with everyone knowing full well who your father was, he was an easy target. The face of the druid-human forbidden love story trope, you could say. Unfair? Absolutely. But completely predictable, if you know anything about politics.”
I knew very little about politics.
“And you, my poor dear, just happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time over and over and over. Yet, miraculously, it’s all led you to become someone brand new and perhaps better than before. But what do I know? Listen to me, a silly old man, yammering on like this.”
I didn’t mind his yammering at all, though I didn’t know if what he said was really true. Was it miraculous that I was here, now, being fitted with a brand new arm, away from home with two people I really didn’t know very well? Risking my life to find parents who didn’t want me in the first place?
It sounded stupid to me. I didn’t feel like a better person, either. Had I really changed that much since leaving Skyport?
	“Alright. Now comes the disturbing part,” Horatio said. My eyes widened. Was this not disturbing enough already? He helped me undress, being as respectful and careful as possible, keeping the blanket over my more private areas. It was necessary to gain access to my soul.
	“Now I will be attaching this wire under your skin. If you start to feel anything, let me know and I’ll administer more of the numbing remedy. Thankfully this won’t take as long,” he explained as he began measuring a length from a copper coil.
	The second he poked the wire into my shoulder I passed out.

Everything was out of focus. The pain had returned, but it wasn’t nearly as intense. I blinked a couple of times to correct my vision, sitting up.
	“You’re all set to go, my dear,” A man’s voice said. I almost muttered ‘Father’, as if I were dreaming and he was there beside me. But of course, it was just Horatio.
	“Do you need any help standing up?” Aspin asked. She was nearby too, looking worried.
	“I think I’ll be ok,” I said. I swung my legs over the edge of the bed and used my arms to lift my body up. It took a few seconds to get my new right arm to respond to my mental command but I was taken off-guard by just how strange the sensation was; or rather, the lack thereof. It was similar to the feeling of your limb being totally numb from sleeping in an odd way, but it didn’t relent.
	I almost stumbled once I’d stood up fully. It was hard to maintain my balance with my arms feeling so asymmetrical. I adapted promptly, though the new weight on my body was unsettling.
	“You… you look really cool,” Milo said. He was petting Free and holding onto my satchel.
	I flexed the hand out in front of me, spreading the fingers apart and peering through them. Cool? I wouldn’t have described it like that, but… maybe there was something cool about it.
	I was still attempting to integrate the new arm into my sense of self and decided to lift a wooden bowl. It took several tries to move all the fingers in a united manner, and even longer to get the distance and momentum quite right to even grasp the bowl. I had taken for granted how many different muscles had to work together to accomplish even the simplest of tasks. However, after I’d finally hoisted the bowl into the air, I was feeling a bit more confident.
	I wanted to try something heavier. Something I couldn’t normally do, to test my theory about the arm’s strength. I placed the bowl back onto the table and looked around the room. The bed.
	Grabbing onto it, I prepared myself for failure, for the feeling of strain and weight, even though I hoped very much to lift it with more ease than the bowl. Slowly, the bed rose off the ground, tipping backwards from the lack of support I was giving each side.
	“Woah, careful there missy,” Horatio said and I placed the bed back onto the floor.
	“It feels… strange. Like the arm does have a limit to how much it can hold but… I can’t feel it the same way I feel other muscles,” I tried to explain.
	“Incredible,” Aspin said. She stood beside me and ran a hand gently up my new right arm. I felt none of it. My heart sank.
	“We’re going to need to disguise you, my dear,” Horatio said, interrupting Aspin’s inspection of me. “Gloves and a long jacket. I know it’s quite warm out, you’ll have to bear through it.”
	I nodded. Just then, Milo, who had been rather silent, started to cry.
	“I’m so sorry, Miss Leah,” he said through sniffles. “When I saw you start to run off, I panicked ‘n took your stuff, Free followed me. I had a bad omen about that lady ‘n I decided to hide out and follow you t’ make sure everything was ok so I could help if things went sideways… but then, when I saw you two leaving her apartment, she snuck out shortly afterwards. I thought there was something shifty going on so I tailed her until she met with Thadius.”
“Have you met him before?” I asked.
Milo looked uncomfortable.
“He’s a member of a druid gang that I know of. I wasn’t really old enough to tag along and interact with big gangs so… no, I hadn’t met him. But that’s not really important. She told him that she had found the traitors and then, using a strand of Leah’s hair, they tracked you two. I couldn’t find you myself in time to warn you, so I just waited to help you escape. I should’ve done more.”
“Thank you, Milo, don’t you worry,” I said. “It was my fault we ended up in that position and you did all you could.”
“It wasn’t your fault,” Aspin said. “You were doing what was right. It’s that druid woman’s fault for betraying those who did her a kindness.”
Her warm, compassionate gaze made my heart melt. I whispered a quiet ‘thank you’.
“Well. You three have truly gone through the thick and thin of it, I’d say,” Horatio said. “Aspin, dear, I can’t remember watching you rest for a moment. You must be exhausted. Please, feel free to stay at least another night before continuing on your quest. I insist.”
At first, Aspin shook her head. Then, after pausing and letting her lethargy set in, she sighed.
“Leah, if it’s alright with you…” she said.
“Please, I insist as well. I-I appreciate you worrying about me, though,” I replied, playing with my hair. It still felt so strange to use my new right hand, still a bit clumsy and unco-ordinated. Even simple tasks, twirling a strand of hair between my fingers, things I’d taken for granted before… they all threw me off now.
Horatio cleared his throat.
“Well, get some rest then, all of you. I’ll be heading to sleep as well… Been a long day,” he announced. My heart sunk a little; I hadn’t thought about how much time and effort he’d devoted to the task of integrating my arm with my body. He must be as tired as Aspin, maybe even more.
Both he and Aspin fell asleep promptly, leaving Milo and I wide awake together in the kitchen.
“You don’t wanna sleep yet?” I asked him. He shook his head, resting his chin on his hand.
“I don’t usually sleep through the night,” he said. “What about you? I’d imagine you’re right tired, Miss Leah.”
“You don’t need to call me that,” I said, laughing softly. “Just Leah is fine. I think it’s fair to say we’re friends now, after all this.”
Milo grinned.
“If I remember, sure,” he said. “But I was always taught t’ call girls Miss. Even some thieves have respect.”
I laughed again.
“Must’ve been a tough life,” I said. “Being a thief.”
“That’s kinda why I wanted to leave,” Milo replied. His eyelids drooped a little, his brow creasing slightly. “It prob’ly seems strange that I just ran off ‘n followed you and Miss Aspin.”
“I… had thought about asking,” I said. “Why did you decide to leave?”
He shifted on the kitchen chair, tilting it back on its hind legs.
“I didn’t like it much,” he said, voice low and glum. “With the gang, I mean. They always talked about bein’ a family or something, but… I never felt it. The only reason they let me stay was b’cause I was the best at picking pockets, and I could hear things miles away using magic. A lot of us coming over from Britain end up just on th’ streets. You’d think they’d be more sympathetic to us, especially the kids.”
“Who?” I asked.
“Druids, I mean. When I first arrived in France, I was in a port town called Kipsel. Full of druids, a lot of them escapees too. But no one cared enough to help with us runaways. They always talked about pityin’ us, but wouldn’t do much more than toss a coin your way.”
“I’m sorry to hear that.”
“That’s why there have been so many gangs ‘n stuff. Nowhere else to go. But I didn’t like stealing, didn’t like seeing people gettin’ hurt, I just wanted to be tough enough that no one would mess with me. Not again.”
As curious as I was about his past in Britain, I thought it better not to bring it up. The far off look in Milo’s eyes told me he was already remembering more than he wanted to.
“But then I see you ‘n Aspin. And you say you’re like me, comin’ from Britain, but you weren’t in a gang or nothing. And yet… you still looked tough. And determined. You were on a real adventure, the kind I’d always wanted to go on, to escape and explore. So maybe it was silly, but I just knew I’d never be able to stop thinkin’ about how I’d missed my opportunity if I didn’t follow you.” He stopped talking, staring up at the ceiling. His chest rose slowly and fell as he exhaled.
“And when you found out who we really were? Who I really was?” I asked.
“To tell you the truth, Miss Leah, it was like an adventure story come to life. I suddenly felt completely sure that I’d made the right decision, that this was where I needed to be. I may not care much for humans, but I’m so tired of fighting all the time.”
“Do you regret it? Coming along?” I asked. He looked me right in the eyes and shook his head.
“Helping you has been the most meaningful thing to ever happen to me,” he replied.
Chapter 21
I woke up before Aspin and Milo to the smell of cooking. It was early yet, but changes in my environment were hard for my sleeping brain to ignore.
“Ah, you’re up. Sorry to have woken you,” Horatio said. He had a pan of bacon and eggs frying up in his little kitchen.
“Didn’t know you cooked,” I said. “Druids have nasty food.”
He laughed.
“Well, that’s another thing I’ve enjoyed whilst living as a human. Truly wonderful meals they prepare. There’s so much heart and love that goes into good cooking, it is quite like magic in its own right, I suppose.”
I smiled and sat down at his small table.
“I do hope you rested well. I know sleeping while you were in… such a state as the other days could be rather unpleasant,” he continued, bringing me a steaming plate of breakfast. I nodded.
“I did, thank you,” I said. He set out a fork and knife, letting me dig into the meal. He sat across from me with his own plate.
“How are you feeling, my dear?” he asked. I swallowed my mouthful of eggs.
“Alright, I guess. It feels pretty normal, honestly,” I said. My right hand had no trouble gripping and using my knife.
“That’s good to hear.” Horatio dug into his own plate of food. After the two of us finished, he wiped his mouth with a napkin and resumed conversing. “Aspin expressed to me that she thought it best to travel to Reves at the earliest convenience.”
“Yes, I believe we had planned for that,” I said.
“That’s a good plan, I think. You ought to have better luck there,” he said. “Tea, my dear?”
“Please,” I replied. He gathered our plates and utensils then filled up his kettle, placing it on the stove. He turned his head around and winked at me, then placed a hand on the kettle and breathed in sharply through his nose, exhaling slowly. The cast iron glowed where he was touching it. It began to whistle almost immediately.
“Magic is a convenience,” he said. “As is technology. It seems logical they go hand in hand.”
“I can see that,” I said. “I’d love to, I think, learn more about integrating steam power with magic.”
“That makes me happy to hear,” Horatio said, smiling. He leaned across the table, lowering his voice. “I want to impart some extra knowledge because I can see the turmoil in your eyes. The conflicted feelings about who - and what - you are. There aren’t only two choices. You don’t have to choose between humans and druids. You can simply choose… yourself.”
I let his words sink in as I finished my meal. In the next half hour, Milo woke up and had his breakfast, asking me loads of questions about Skyport.
“Did people fall off a lot? Was the air hard to breathe? Did anything catch fire from the hydrogen? Why didn’t you go to school? Were there gangs up there? Did you have a lot of friends? What was it like to look down?” He said through a mouthful of bacon. I sipped my tea and tried my best to answer. Horatio chuckled at Milo’s enthusiasm.
“I… wanted to ask you some questions too,” I said, once Milo’d paused to take a breath. “About when you were in Britain. If you don’t mind, that is.”
“Go ahead,” he said. “I don’t mind at all.”
“Were you... taken from your parents?”
“Oh. Yes, yes I was. Children were separated from adults. They gave people older than sixteen a chance to willingly become slaves, ‘n if they refused, they were sent to… facilities.”
“Are they still alive?” I asked. He looked more and more troubled.
“I don’t know. I don’t think so.”
“I… I’m so sorry.” I reached out my human hand, placing it on his wrist. “You don’t have to go on, if this is making you uncomfortable.”
He blinked, straightening his back and relaxing his face.
“No,” he said. “Really, I don’t mind. I just don’t think about it too much, is all. I’ve never gotten to… y’know, tell anyone about it.”
“But… do you want to?,” I asked in a quiet voice. 
He stopped and thought for a minute.
“Yes,” he said finally. “I think I do.”
I gave his wrist a squeeze and he smiled.
“Tell me if you want to stop, ok?” I said. He nodded. “Alright… Um, were there druid schools in Britain? Did you attend any before… it happened?”
“Yeah, there were. Our communities were much smaller than the towns here in Eurasia. The British had been forcing us into more and more secular living spaces for years, that’s what my parents used to say. School was jus’ a handful of kids attending the home of an elder or a cleric to learn techniques ’n earn markings. I had just finished my first year when…” he trailed off.
“What was it like?” I asked. “When they came for you all.”
“Terrifying,” he said. “My mother held me in her arms and screamed at the soldiers, she used magic to try and force them back, but…” His voice cracked. “They had secret weapons. Heraculum was used as a shield from magical attacks. It dispersed energy when druids tried to fight.”
“I didn’t know about that,” I said. He nodded.
“It’s their secret, like I said. The British had planned to use it to make druids into their own artillery. That’s what I heard, at least. They wanted to manipulate our magic so they could control the world.”
“But it didn’t work?”
Milo shook his head.
“Not at all. Their prisons of grown-ups were the first to break free, they started an underground safeway for escaped druids to flee to Eurasia and the Americas. Then us kids got out too. Druids adapt so quickly, we developed techniques to deal with their attacks before the year was out. Even heraculum couldn’t prevent us from being free.”
“I see,” I said.
“That was ages ago now,” Milo said, his voice shaky. “It feels like an old nightmare. I hardly remember it clearly.”
“It’s ok to hurt, you know,” I said softly. “You don’t have to say stuff like that. I know you’re a strong person, even if you’re still bothered by what happened to you. Don’t feel bad.”
Milo pressed his lips together. He nodded his head and I could see he was holding back tears.
“Everyone else was awake?” Aspin walked into the room, rubbing her eyes and yawning. “You should’ve woken me up too!”
“Morning,” I said, waving my mechanical arm. She smiled at me, her eyes half-lidded.
“Good to see you up and about, Leah,” she said. “I’m starving. Is that food I smell?”
After we’d all eaten, washed up, and gotten into some clothes, we sat around the table to decide on our plans. Horatio was working on one of his projects that he’d had to put aside to help me, leaving us to our discussion.
“Reves isn’t far from here,” Aspin said. “It’s pretty close to Paris but it will take us several hours on foot.”
“Why are druid settlements so close to humans?” I asked. “Why haven’t they all been pushed out?”
Aspin sighed, but Milo started before she could come up with an explanation.
“Druids were here first. Eurasia, I mean, and they spread apart a wholte ton of years ago to build their homes and families and stuff,” he said. “For my people, we came to Eurasia and then fought with the locals, after that made our way to Britain. That’s when we met humans.
“Humans and druids always didn’t like each other, as the story goes, but there some deal that led the Englishmen to agree to leave us druids alone, at least here and there. In Eurasia, though, more and more humans were dividing up area ‘n they had to make a pact with the druids already living there. They agreed, reluctantly, since the druids had religious connections to many areas that they would leave well alone. 
“But obviously it didn’t work out. Eurasians tried to claim more and more druid land, tiny pieces at a time, pretending they were still allied with the magical folk, whereas in Britain we were always on guard. It was only in the last couple hundred years that things quieted down, really, and that’s because of the Reckoning.”
“What’s that?” I asked. Milo shrugged. I blinked a few times. He was able to recount all that from memory but had never been told about something that was clearly a pretty big deal.
“I dunno, I never learned about it back in Britain, and certainly not now.” He looked at Aspin, awaiting her response.
“I don’t know either,” she said. “I’ve never heard about The Reckoning until now.” She looked frustrated.
“I picked it up from older druids who worked with gangs. They knew a lot more than our elders back in Britain, for whatever reason,” Milo said. “But no one ever talked about the specific events.”
We were quiet for a little while.
Milo clapped his hands together, signifying a change of subject. “Let’s focus on the journey ahead!”
“Of course,” Aspin said, giving him a suspicious look. She leaned over to me, whispering, “Do you think he recited that verbatim from what adults have told him?”
I stifled a laugh and cleared my throat.
“We should leave soon then,” I said. “We’ve stayed here long enough. If Thadius’ associates get suspicious-”
“I wouldn’t want to think about what would happen. Especially to Horatio,” Aspin murmured. “You’re right. The longer we stay, the more danger everyone is in.”

Horatio helped us prepare for our trip.
	“You’re going to be heading through the city, briefly at least, before you’re on the main road. Milo said he knows the way from there. I’m going to use disguising magic on you to make your faces appear indistinct to any who pass you by. It’ll last you at least a half-hour, so get out of the city in that time and you’ll be safe,” he said. He’d found me an old pair of gloves to put on under West’s jacket, hiding my arm.
	Milo, donning a cap to cover his ears, put on his overalls and shirt, his skin tattoo-free enough for him not to worry. Aspin put on her hat from Catarine as well as her gloves, though both were tattered and worn. We looked human enough, even without the disguising magic.
	We knew we’d be on the road for a while but refused Horatio’s offer of food. As Aspin said, anything that tempted us to slow our pace even for a moment would be a hazard. It was best to press onwards with haste and eat once we arrived.
	I didn’t fully agree with her logic, as I had a feeling not eating all day would make us move slower, but Horatio didn’t have a lot of food to spare anyway. I’d have felt bad asking that of him.
	Aspin hugged Horatio, as did I, but Milo simply shook his hand stiffly. I chuckled to myself; he was at that age where affection was difficult to express without feeling somewhat pathetic for a young boy.
	It didn’t take us long to exit the city, as it turned out. Less than twenty minutes went by when the buildings thinned out and a forested trail was visible. The three of us exchanged a look then, confidently, we began to follow the path.
We were walking briskly along the road for maybe an hour when it split off into a few different directions and we were forced to climb up to look around. 
“Where do we go from here?” I asked. There was a sign, but it was in French and I couldn’t tell what it said.
“Well, that-” Milo pointed to the road to the right. “Is northeast. This middle one, according to the sign, goes to Soissons if we follow it long enough. That means it passes right by Reves. Therefore, we head thisaway.”
“How will we know where Reves is along the way?” I asked. “I doubt human roads lead to druid cities.”
“You’d be correct, but I know the way pretty well once we run into the river. So no need to worry!” Milo beamed. “Let’s go before we lose any more time.”

We walked miles and miles following the dirt road, always just off to the side, down a little dip in the hill. Now and then a horse-pulled carriage would pass us by, but once a steam-powered vehicle that I’d only seen before in Britain drove through.
The vehicles were carts with heraculum engines, piping smoke into the air behind them like a chimney on the run. They were expensive and broke down a lot, from what I’d heard, but the rich liked to flaunt their resources no matter how impractical.
“That thing is terrifying,” Milo said. “I remember seeing them a few times back home and I never understood why they were necessary.”
Aspin nodded along, giving the vehicle a suspicious glare. I smiled to myself.
Eventually, we passed a few small streams. Milo led us further down the hill, away from the road, and we were met with a riverbank.
“We follow the river another hour or so and we’re there,” he said, pointing downstream. Aspin nodded.
“Did you use a sedation sp- technique on Free?” I asked. Ever since we’d left Horatio’s apartment, he’d been sleeping quietly in my bag. Milo looked over his shoulder.
“Yeah, though I overdid it a little. I’m used to using it on people.” He sounded so casual it made me a little bit uncomfortable.
“So you… do that a lot, then,” I said. He shrugged his shoulders and didn’t respond.
It didn’t take long until Reves was visible on the horizon. It was a tall, majestic congregation of druidic buildings that took my breath away.
“Aspin, I was meaning to ask earlier,” I said, tapping her shoulder. “Why don’t druid cities have, um, border enforcements?”
“Many do,” she said. “But most are open spaces. It’s to do with religious philosophy, to be welcoming to travellers from elsewhere, even if culturally it doesn’t make much sense. Back with West in Linnalium, there was talk amongst elders about actually creating some form of exterior barrier, either a physical wall or a magical one. Times are changing.”
I nodded and we continued on in silence.
Sure enough, by the end of the day, we reached the city. We’d been walking for over eight hours, as it turned out, which was much further than I’d thought we’d be going. No one had given me an exact estimate, after all, and the ‘a few hours’ phrase had left me under the assumption it wouldn’t take us more than three or four.
“I didn’t realize…” I said, feeling rather exhausted. “It would take so long.”
“On foot, yes,” Milo said. “It’s only a few hours when riding.”
I rolled my eyes.
The city was even more magnificent up close. I was mesmerized. Aspin had to give my elbow a little tug to remind me to keep on moving.
“So who is it here that you trust so much?” Milo asked when we set foot on the cobbled path.
“You’ll see,” Aspin said. “I’ll lead the way now, thank you, Milo.”
Aspin walked confidently down between the buildings. She untied her hat and tossed it on the ground, doing the same with her gloves. I would’ve protested, but honestly, the articles were barely holding together at this point and had been stained so badly I hardly remembered what colour they once were.
There weren’t too many people out at this time in the day, which was probably for the best. Milo was walking pretty slowly, unable to hold his head up straight, so I walked beside him and let him hold onto my elbow to balance himself. Clearly, eight hours of walking with no rest and nothing to eat hadn’t been our best idea.
“We’re here,” Aspin said, stopping in front of a tall stone building with stained glass windows and a tall, arched wooden door. She opened it with great effort, Milo and I close behind, and we found ourselves inside a large cathedral.
“Hello, welcome-” A man wearing a long brown robe said, standing near a candle-covered altar. He stopped abruptly upon seeing us, his eyes widening and his jaw slamming shut.
“We’re here claiming sanctuary,” Aspin said, her voice echoing throughout the tall building. “It’s good to see you, Father.”
Chapter 22
Aspin’s father led us to a small back door to his own parlour, which was fairly sizeable. There were several chairs and he gestured for us all to take a seat. Aspin stood.
“It’s been a long time, Asps,” he said, not making eye contact.
“These are my friends, Father. You mustn’t tell anyone that they’re here with me,” she replied. Her voice was monotonous, devoid of any inflection or emotion. I couldn’t tell what she was feeling right now, but she certainly didn’t seem to be very happy.
“Right,” he said, looking over at Milo and me. “It’s nice to meet you. You may call me Elder Trichton.”
“Is Mother around?” Aspin asked.
“No, you know her, she’s been volunteering at the orphanage and staying there, but I can bring you all to our home if that’s what you’d like,” Aspin’s father replied. He seemed a bit shaken, unsure of what to say or do. “The house has certainly missed having you in it.”
“I can take them there myself, thank you,” Aspin said. “We won’t be staying too long.”
“However long you need,” her father said quietly. She turned on her heel and headed to the door of the parlour.
“Let’s go,” she said to Milo and me. He was already dozing off where he sat, so I gently shook him and helped him get up. I wanted to say something like ‘thank you’ or ‘sorry’ to the poor man sitting, flustered and confused, at his desk but something about the intensity of Aspin’s tone made me think better of it.
“We live just across the way from Father’s work,” Aspin said once we were outside the church. “My sisters are likely at home, at least Lachla.”
I thought again of the image I’d created in my mind, a shorter Aspin in a nurse outfit. As funny as that was, the prospect of meeting more of Aspin’s family made butterflies bounce around in my stomach. I became achingly aware of my foreign arm. Would I have to hide it the whole time? How would they react?
We walked about ten metres away from the cathedral, in front of a two-story building that looked identical to a great many all lined up on the street. She placed her hand on the doorknob, closed her eyes, then exhaled slowly and the door opened.
“Magic to make sure only one’s family can enter at will and grant entry to others,” Aspin explained to me. We went inside without another word.
It was nice, on the inside. I didn’t have much experience with houses on the ground but this one felt cozy. As I was looking around, I suddenly stopped, freezing in place. Staring at us in shocked silence was a woman, not much older than Aspin or I, standing at the bottom of the stairs. She appeared to have been trying to go up, interrupted by our entry.
“Aspin,” she said. “How nice it is to see you.”
She was pretty. Not as pretty as Aspin, but they clearly had a lot in common. Her eyes were a different colour, however, and her hair was a different shade of brown. She had a mature air about her, something wise and kind.
“La,” Aspin replied, curt and cold.
“I didn’t know you were coming. Does Father-”
“He knows we’re here,” Aspin said.
“Ah. I see. Why don’t I put on the kettle?” La walked away from the stairs, into the small kitchen area. It was quite the bare kitchen setup, even compared to Skyport, but there was a nice ceramic teapot painted a bright red with flowing symbols detailing the edges. Milo and I stood in silence as Aspin went into the kitchen with her sister, sitting at the small wooden table in the middle of it.
“Please, make yourselves comfortable,” La said, smiling warmly. “You caught me off guard, I hope you didn’t find my temperament too hostile.”
I shook my head and helped Milo sit down on one of the chairs. He tried to keep his head up but his eyelids weren’t working simultaneously anymore. They drooped involuntarily, occasionally fluttering back open. He was doing his best.
“So,” Aspin said, setting matching red cups onto the table. “I’d like to introduce my friends. This is Leah and Milo.”
La smiled at us. She was genuine in her expression, surprisingly, as if two messy and tired guests were a pleasant surprise.
“Nice to meet you,” I said. “Aspin’s said good things.”
“Nice to meet you too. I hope your travels have been kind to you on your way here,” La replied. I wanted to laugh out loud.
“I’m sorry for showing up like this, no notice or anything,” Aspin said. La shook her head.
“Clearly something important brought you here. No need to apologize. Now, Leah, not to be nosy but are you human?”
I remembered what Aspin had told me about La, about her taking care of humans despite the risks.
“I am, yes,” I said. Aspin smiled at me.
“She’s half human.” She said. I didn’t know how to react; I trusted Aspin, obviously, but would her sister feel differently? Would she stop being hospitable? Was revealing my true identity even necessary?
How far I’ve come, I thought to myself bitterly. Now I’m a liar.
Just then, Milo fell out of the chair. He was out cold. Lachla rushed to his side and looked up at her sister, asking her silently what to do.
“He’s exhausted. Too exhausted. This is my fault, I should’ve had him eat something,” Aspin said. “Here. Let me take him.”
Aspin brought Milo up a set of spiral wooden steps, instructing me to wait on a small couch in what I assumed was a living room. La joined me and we waited in awkward silence, three feet apart, eyes wandering our surroundings to avoid each other.
I sat with my gloved hands clasped between my thighs and inspected the room while they were upstairs, marvelling at the strange symbols that decorated the walls and hung in front of their windows. In pots by the window there were a few plants, I recognized a few to be the Moss Aspin had mentioned, the symbol of Terra. Atop the fireplace was a large painting of four young girls all sitting together with done-up hair and strange clothing. I assumed it was of Aspin and her sisters, depicted many years ago.
“I don’t mean to pry…” La said. “But you’re half human, yes? How is it you met Aspin?”
“We, um, I met her at her work. I guess there’s no harm in admitting it now, but… I’m the daughter of Kieran Avent.” I stared at my legs as I spoke. I didn’t want to see her reaction.
“Oh. Well then.” La was quiet again, but not for long. “So you two, you’re…”
“On the run, yes,” I said. “We came here because she trusts you.”
I looked up at Lachla and was surprised to find that she was crying. A single tear fell from the corner of her eye and she reached up to wipe it away, smiling sadly.
“I always suspected that secretly she loved us,” La said quietly.
“Secretly?” I asked. “She told me her family was the most important thing to her. That she’s always loved you more than anything else.”
“Did she really say that?” La whispered. “Before she left here, she had a… a big fight with our father. He called her a failure for stopping her training, she insisted it wasn’t her fault, she couldn’t help feeling the way she did. Even before that, she was always so short-tempered, never wanted to spend time with us, never wanted to eat together. In fact, she rejected any meal we made for her.”
“It sounds like she was going through a bad spell,” I said, trying to be comforting. “She most likely regrets treating you all like that.”
Lachla nodded her head, closing her eyes. Tears streamed down her cheeks.
“She’s back to her old self, though, I could tell by the way she said your name. Thank you.”
There wasn’t anything left to be said, so we waited. Lachla occasionally rubbed her eyes. Her tears were still flowing.
After a few minutes, I could hear footsteps coming down the staircase and I turned, seeing Aspin in a new outfit and with her hair looking a bit more orderly. She was in some kind of casual, druidic dress that, despite being quite plain, she looked stunning in. Underneath it, she wore white stockings. My cheeks flushed bright red.
“I put him to sleep in my bed,” she said, keeping her voice down. Turning to Lachla, she continued. “I figured Leah and I could stay here on the couch.”
“There’s not a lot of room,” Lachla said. Her eyes were still puffy but she’d stopped crying. “You can take Chrisa’s room. She won’t mind. And if she does, well, she can blame me.”
“I’ll let Leah take her room, then,” Aspin said. Lachla nodded understandingly.
“Of course.” She smiled at her sister. “Well, I hope you don’t mind. I had a long workday and was just about to turn in when you showed up. I’m going to go to sleep now, I suggest you two do the same.”
We all exchanged ‘goodnight’s, but Aspin didn’t seem quite ready to get to sleep just yet. She made herself comfortable next to me, closing the distance between us on the couch.
“Your sister is very nice,” I said.
Aspin nodded, putting her arm on the backing of the couch right behind my head.
“I know, right? A real saint. She’s holier than Chrisa will ever be, in my opinion,” she replied. I laughed.
“So… Why don’t we sit up awhile? I don’t think I’ll be able to fall asleep right away. Too… full of jitters.”
“Sure, I don’t mind,” I said, blushing. She was sitting very close to me, practically nestling herself against me. “I-I have to ask… Why didn’t you know the way here?” I tried to take my mind off of my indecent thoughts, off of the quiet hissing of ‘rotten girl’ over and over in my head.
Aspin looked embarrassed.
“Well, truth be told I never really got out of Reves when I was younger. I don’t know the area outside the city at all.”
I nodded and shrugged. Despite her confidence, it was clear Aspin had grown up very sheltered and she clearly was not proud of it.
“So how long has it been since you lived here?” I asked. Aspin thought for a moment.
“Well, a year and a half at least, probably closer to two years,” she said. “What day is it even? I have no idea.” She held up her fingers and counted silently how long we’d been on our journey. “Wow. It’s already August.”
“Really?” I asked. “What day in August?”
“If my math is correct, it’s currently August the third, soon to be fourth.” She locked her fingers together and lay her hands on her legs. “It won’t be warm for too much longer, I guess.”
“That means…” I said, furrowing my brow. “That means tomorrow’s my birthday.”
“Your birthday? August fourth?” Aspin asked as if it were something I’d lie about.
“Yeah. I mean, who can say whether or not it’s my real birthday, but that’s when Father always celebrated it,” I said, shrugging. “I’ll be eighteen, finally.”
“Well…” Aspin smiled. “May I be the first to wish you a happy birthday.”
“It’s a little early for that, the-” I was cut off by Aspin’s lips against mine, her hand finding my thigh and squeezing it. She pulled me closer, our legs pressed together, her other hand on my neck, stroking my cheek, running through my hair. I melted in her embrace and kissed her back, trying to hold myself steady on the couch but I was woozy and the room was spinning.
Her bated breaths mingled with mine as she pulled back, eyes half-lidded. I leaned in again after catching my breath, kissing her cheek and wrapping my arms around her shoulders, careful with the right one to be gentle. How I wished I could feel her with it now. We were sitting twisted on the couch so she pulled me up onto her lap, and I kissed her forehead, looked into her eyes and-
The front door opened.
Aspin froze and I hastily repositioned myself to be sitting next to her on the couch. Our faces were beet red, our breathing still heavy, and I could feel my legs shaking. Aspin’s father walked inside and looked over, smiling tiredly at his daughter.
“I was going to make some tea,” he said softly. “You can tell me all about your friends while the leaves steep.”
Chapter 23
Despite it being our third serving of tea for the day, I welcomed it. Druid tea was meant to calm you down, after all, and I certainly needed some of that.
Aspin told her father a surprising amount, about the same as Lachla. She told him that I was half-human but also that I was the child of the infamous Kieran Avent, she told him about the Siren Helm and the pirates and then our escape from the guards in both Catarine and Paris. He listened without a single word, only stirring once to pour the tea.
I thought about what La had said about their fight. It was clear, upon examining Elder Trichton, that he was feeling very guilty. His eyebrows scrunched together, wrinkles like the branches of a tree spread across his face.
I remarked that his face quite resembled Aspin’s, their eyes identical and their noses the same shape. He was old and grey, his chin sporting a mottled stubble, his hairline receding and his skin sagging from his bones. Nevertheless, he looked kind and thoughtful, never trying to interrupt, hanging on Aspin’s every word.
He’d clearly spent the last year and a half waiting for this exact opportunity.
When she finally finished, there was a long pause as he took it all in.
“I’ll have to have some words with West,” he said finally. “For letting you go through all that danger. And Leah,” he looked at me. “I’m sorry to hear you’ve been through so much. It’s Terra’s kindness that carried you this far, I believe She would want our family to provide you with as much help as possible.”
Aspin squeezed my hand and I noticed that her father’s eyes widened for a split second. He was soon after distracted by Free jumping onto his lap while exploring the new environment. He’d woken up in the satchel and leapt out of it minutes prior, making his way around the first floor.
“Thank you, sir,” I said, grabbing Free as he hopped onto the table. Aspin’s father chuckled.
“Elder, if you please,” he replied. “I must admit it’s tough for me to look at you without… experiencing very mixed feelings. Half human, half druid… well, it’s unheard of.”
What Horatio had said came back to me and I bit my tongue.
“Has news reached Reves yet about… us?” Aspin asked. Her father shook his head.
“No, not in my circles. I’m sure there are a few who have picked up on it. Rumours spread across this land like fire through a summer field.”
He stared at me, unblinking.
“So you’re heading to the Exile Land,” he said, snapping out of his apparent daze. “Unfortunately, Reves doesn’t have a port, you’ll have to go to somewhere closer to the sea. As it appears human territories are compromised, I would recommend heading west. To Merrin.”
“Merrin?” Aspin said. “That’s not a bad suggestion. But can we really trust the druids there?”
“No, I don’t think you can, but… if you’re able to use your seals to perhaps bribe some less reputable types, you may make it just fine.” He closed his eyes and shook his head. “I wouldn’t suggest it if there were any other choice, really. I hate the idea of you putting yourself in any more situations like that.”
“We’re tough enough, don’t worry,” Aspin said, smiling.
“Aspin…” her father said, looking weary and tired once more. “Maybe it’s in vain for me to suggest this, but would you consider allowing Milo and Leah to continue on the Merrin on their own?”
She blinked.
“You were right,” she replied slowly. “It was in vain.”

Aspin’s father had insisted both of us rest in her sister Chrisa’s room, setting up a blanket and pillow on the floor next to the bed. He left us to fight over it and went to his own room, promising to discuss possible routes to our goal more in the morning.
Free, upon seeing the room, settled himself on the windowsill for the night.
“I’ll take the floor,” I said.
“I-I wouldn’t mind if we shared the bed,” Aspin said. “I don’t move a lot when I sleep, and there’s enough room.”
There hardly was, but that really didn’t matter.
We held onto each other, legs entangled, foreheads pressed together as we fell asleep in the dark room, breathing in sync. Aspin didn’t seem to mind my arm at all, in all its bulkiness and tough metal. I didn’t dream at all that night; nothing could come close to portraying what I was feeling.

When I woke up, I was alone in the bed. The blankets had been tucked around me like a cocoon in an intentional and endearing manner, bringing a smile to my lips as I sat up and rubbed the sleep from my eyes.
Milo and Aspin were sitting in the kitchen with her father, who appeared a lot less worn out and flustered after a good night’s rest. La wasn’t around, it seemed. I’d thrown on the gloves and jacket before leaving my room, not out of fear but more to prevent any more uncomfortable confrontations.
“Morning!” Aspin said as I came down the staircase, feeling a little dizzy from spinning on my way to the bottom floor. “I hope I didn’t disturb you when I got up.”
“No, I slept like a rock,” I replied, smiling. I was surprised, actually, that I’d managed to stay asleep through what would have clearly been a very difficult-to-maneuver-out-of situation. I suppose the comfort of a real bed and being completely exhausted prevented me from waking.
“Elder Trichton was jus’ telling us, the best way to get to the exile-place is around a days’ walk from here,” Milo said through a mouthful of what appeared to be oatmeal.
“Yes, but I’m in no way forcing you out. In fact, Aspin was telling me that both you and Milo lacked sigils. A cleric peer of mine would be more than happy to mark you with something that could come in handy, seeing as you’d have my blessing,” Aspin’s father said. “Here, I’ve prepared some herb and oats for you. It’ll keep your mind clear and ease muscle pain.”
I sat down next to Milo at the kitchen table and thanked Elder Trichton, trying some of the oatmeal. It wasn’t very good at all, no sugar and not really much flavour beyond the taste of dirt and flour. Nevertheless, the warmth and relief it provided were more than welcome, and I greedily finished the whole bowl.
After eating, Aspin brought me to her room and offered me anything out of her wardrobe if I wanted. I didn’t really need it, thanks to the magic I’d been using to keep my clothes clean, and I’d thrown out the ratty dress the night before. Nevertheless, I graciously accepted a plain shirt of hers as a ‘backup’, though I really only took it for the comfort of having something that belonged to her nearby.
“La has to work the early shift. She was long out the door when you woke up, in case you’re wondering,” Aspin said. “She’ll be back in the evening. Just so you know.”
“I think she’s really happy you’re home,” I said. “I also wanted to… propose something to you.”
Aspin tilted her head, waiting for me to continue.
“W-why don’t we stay here a bit? Not t-too long, but, maybe a f-few days.” I stammered the whole way through it, worried how she’d react. 
She was silent for a moment, turning her gaze up and to the right.
“This is your journey,” she said finally. “We aren’t on a strict schedule, right? We might as well stick around for a bit. Lick our wounds, you know.”
I was surprised that she was so open to the idea. From what La had told me, and from the way she’d ben talking to her father, I’d assumed the last thing she’d want to do is spend time with her family.
Then I realized, piecing my bits of memory together, she needed a reason to stay. She missed them, she wanted a chance to apologize maybe, but if I didn’t suggest it then we’d leave without looking back to save face.
Before heading out, Aspin’s father used a technique that trapped Free in the living room. He promised to teach it to me for our future endeavours. 
I could hardly believe how kind he was to me. Maybe it came with the priesthood, maybe it came with remorse for past mistakes. Seeing the way he doted on Aspin made me think of my own father. This time, though, I didn’t feel sad. I was excited. We were almost there, almost to my parents, and then I could go back to him.
Elder Trichton took us all through the town and to a tall building that he informed us was a school.
“Aspin didn’t go here, it’s a little far from our home, but my old friend does the student evaluations and gives them their markings,” he said. “Let’s go in, shall we? It’s their day off but he’s always here, doing extra work.”
We were led inside, through tall majestic hallways, up a flight of overly ornate stairs and to an office. Elder Trichton knocked on the door and stood back.
“Whoever it is, come on in,” said a voice from inside. The door opened on its own and we followed as Aspin’s father went into the office.
“Ah, Jasper, how good to see you! And - oh my, is that little Aspin all grown up?” A man sat behind a big wooden desk covered in yellow-ish papers.
“Hello, Elder Ansel,” Aspin said, embarrassed. She was clearly much taller than him, even though he was sitting down.
“Markos, I’d like to introduce you to a few friends of my daughter’s,” Aspin’s father said, gesturing to Milo and me. Suddenly, I noticed a warm, tickly feeling against my temples. Aspin looked over at me and her eyes widened but she said nothing.
“Well hello, nice to meet you two!” Elder Ansel said. “So what brings you all here today?”
Aspin’s father cleared his throat.
“As you can tell, these two young people are entirely lacking in sigils. They didn’t have access to a regular druid community, you see, they were British escapees.”
Milo and I shared a look.
“How unfortunate! I’ve heard much about the terrible happenings over there,” Elder Ansel said. 
“However, they are quite skilled from years of solitary practice, as you can imagine, and Aspin asked me to ask you if they could receive a few of the sigils we bestow on young children. Just so they stand out a little less,” Elder Trichton continued, clasping his hands in front of him, bowing his head slightly as he made his request.
“Absolutely, no problem at all! Always happy to help,” Ansel replied, standing up from his desk. “Normally we have a big ceremony for this sort of thing, so I hope you don't mind the simplicity of this milestone in your lives.” He chuckled and walked over to Milo, clasping his hands. 
I paled and looked over at Aspin. Would I have to take off my gloves for this? What if he attempted to apply a sigil onto my right arm? She seemed to share my concerns and leaned over to her father, whispering something in his ear.
Breathing in deeply, Elder Ansel tilted his head up and closed his eyes, his lips moving in what I assumed was a whispered prayer. Spreading from Milo’s left forearm to his elbow was a swirling black mark, shaped like a loose knot with a few little loops and lines branching off. He grinned ear to ear throughout the process.
“That one’s for strengthening the area around your soul. Just that little extra boost to both your energy output and also your physical being, to protect yourself,” Ansel explained. He started over to me when Elder Trichton cleared his throat.
“Do excuse my interruption, Markos, but I actually forgot to tell you something vital to the ceremony. Leah here, her right arm has suffered terrible burns all the way up to her shoulder. Magical incident, of course, but unfortunately it prevents her from receiving sigils there. She’d prefer to keep her glove on, if you don’t mind.”
Ansel’s eyes bulged from his head and he looked at my gloves. His mouth flapped open and closed as he formed his thoughts.
“No, not at all, shouldn’t be a problem. I’m sorry to hear that, my dear girl, I’ll, of course, be mindful of your condition.”
He grabbed my left hand, which I removed the glove from, with both of his hands to perform the ritual. Sure enough, the same sigil as Milo’s appeared on me.
I remembered, then, Nora’s sigil on my neck. Of course it was exciting to have more tattoos, to become more powerful, but something about having hers and only hers kept her memory… close to me. I swallowed that thought, those feelings, and put on a smile instead. She would have been proud of me, I thought to myself. From the little time we spent together, she’d made it clear she wanted me to learn and improve.
Ansel’s marking felt like a surge of heat flooding the areas the sigil touched, and when it was complete my leg felt stronger, more energized. I flexed the muscle, looking down even though I knew full well the tattoo was on my arm and my soul itself was unchanged.
He went back to Milo and did another sigil, this time by placing his hands on Milo’s back shoulder blades. I couldn’t see the tattoo this time, making me all the more anxious when he repeated the process for me.
“That one strengthens your bond with nature. Allows you to tune into animals’ emotions and locate magical plants more easily.” Ansel looked to Aspin’s father. “Should I give them the Mark of Luvinia?”
“Oh, absolutely,” he responded. “After that, I think it’s enough.”
Elder Ansel pressed a hand to Milo’s clavicle and a symmetrical looping sigil began to appear. Finally, I received the marks as well and our emblems were complete.
“Thank you,” I said, running my hand across my newly marked skin. “Thank you so much.”
I brushed some stray hair behind my ear. That’s when I noticed it. They had been transformed, no longer rounded at the top but pointed like a druid’s. I glanced at Elder Trichton, who stood in silence, and then down at my feet. Silently I thanked him.
“Yes, sincerely, Elder,” Milo chimed in. “Thank you.”
Aspin’s father thanked Elder Ansel and led us out, back to the entrance of the school. Aspin walked next to me and bumped me with her shoulder.
“How do you feel?” she whispered.
“Magical,” I responded, grinning.

Aspin’s father left us in their home while he went about his day since he did still have to go to his church. He promised to pick us up some things, I wasn’t sure what, for when he returned later that night.
“In the meantime, feel free to unwind a bit. Or perhaps practice your skills,” he had said.
Aspin explained to Milo and me that our final mark, the Mark of Luvinia, was one of the first children received. It was named after a priestess known for her kindness, as it was intended to make you feel happier after completing an act of pure good-naturedness. I was almost embarrassed to have it now, though I did think it was funny that Aspin’s father thought we should have it in the first place.
Milo was super intent on doing some plant-related magic with the potted flowers in Aspin’s living room.
“This is what I’m really good at!” he said. “I can make them grow fast, revive wilted plants, and it just feels like I can understand them. I hope my new sigil makes me even better at it!”
Aspin and I went upstairs to her room to give Milo and his plants some privacy, leaving Free with him as they seemed to get along pretty well. That was more of an excuse, however, as I’d asked to see what it was like. I’d only been inside briefly in the morning and hadn’t had a chance to see much more than her closet.
“There’s not much in here,” she said. “Seeing as I don’t live here anymore. I left my old stuffed toy, though.” She picked up a worn rabbit plush off her bed, which was left in a bit of a mess after Milo had slept in it. “His name is Ears. I wasn’t very creative.”
I couldn’t help but laugh a little.
“I had a favourite toy when I was younger,” I said. “It was this wooden dragon carved by a vendor we’d visited in Greece. I loved it dearly, her name was Darlin the Dragon. One day, though, I lost my grip on Darlin while walking from one ship to another and down, down she fell… somewhere off the eastern coast of Africa.”
“That’s terrible!” Aspin said, hugging Ears tightly. “There’s a reason I always left my baby bunny here in my room.”
“Yeah, yeah, don’t rub it in,” I said, smiling. “My father used it as a learning experience and I was always much more careful with my things. Haven’t dropped anything out of the sky since.”
We laughed together and Aspin placed Ears back onto the scrambled sheets and lumpy pillow.
“Speaking of ears,” I said. “Your dad managed to use a technique to disguise my human ones today. I thought it might be useful to learn before we’re on our way.”
Aspin tapped her chin pensively.
“Good point,” she said. “I’ll make sure he shows you before we leave. I doubt it’s very energy-intensive.”
I thought about how nice it would have been if we’d had a similar technique back in Catarine to hide Aspin’s ears.
“So…” Aspin said, her tone changing to something less emotive. “I guess we should… discuss what’s going on with us.”
Us. I blinked a few times and swallowed nervously.
“You know how I feel about you,” I said, my voice barely above a whisper. “I’ve loved everything about you since we met. You’ve been my mentor and my best friend. I’ve never felt… so happy when I’m with someone.”
“I feel like that, too,” Aspin said. She sat down on the bed and I sat next to her, our knees touching. “No one’s ever made me feel so motivated before. I never had the urge to pursue something until I met you, and suddenly… your goals were mine too.”
“So you’re… you’re like me then?” I asked. “You like women?”
“I don’t know,” she admitted. Her hands clenched the hem of her shirt, shaking slightly. “All I know is I like you.”
Hesitantly, slowly, carefully, I leaned over. Our faces hovered mere millimetres apart for a second, then Aspin closed the distance and tenderly we held our kiss.
We stayed like that for a minute, maybe two, then separated reluctantly.
“I was worried,” I said. “About my arm. How you’d find it. If it would bother you.”
She touched it, holding the hand in her own.
“No part of you could bother me,” she replied. “I didn’t know if I’d get used to it, when I saw it on you for the first time, but… I really don’t mind. You’re still you, you’re still so gentle and kind.”
My face was bright red. I smiled and put my left hand on her leg, pulling her closer to me.
“We can’t really tell anyone,” Aspin said. My heart sank but I knew she was right.
“How would your family-”
“I have no idea,” she said quickly. “Best not to find out until after we’ve found your parents.”
“Do you think we could tell Milo?” I asked. “I don’t want to hide around him.”
Aspin thought about it for a bit.
“If you want to, we will.” She held my hands in hers. “I’m comfortable with it if you are.”
“We could tell him now, considering we know no one else is around,” I said. Aspin nodded and smiled, her cheeks rosy red. 
We went down the spiral stairs, holding hands, fingers laced together and all shaking slightly. Her hand was sweaty in mine but it didn’t bother me in the slightest. In fact, it endeared me more, reassured me that I wasn’t alone in what I felt. I was glad to have at least one hand to feel her with.
“Hey! You guys!” Milo was in the living room and looking up to see us, Free sitting on his shoulder. “Chrisa’s here!”
Chapter 24
Aspin dropped my hand immediately, freezing in place on the stairs. I looked back at her, having gone a few steps down, trying not to let her see the hurt in my eyes.
I became very aware of my exposed right arm. Fearfully, I turned my body to hide it.
“Chrisa,” Aspin said, feigning joyfulness. “I was wondering when you’d be back. We arrived late yesterday.”
A girl who couldn’t be older than I was walked to the bottom of the stairs, arms crossed. Her hair was braided tightly, tugging at her scalp, and her lips pressed together so hard I was afraid they’d pop.
“This is my friend, Leah, and you’ve already met Milo,” Aspin continued under the scrutinizing gaze of her sister. With a flick of her wrist, West’s jacket floated down the upstairs corridor and wrapped itself around me, my gloves slipping themselves on as well. If I hadn’t been so nervous, I would’ve been pretty impressed with her quick thinking and magical ability.
Releasing her lips, Chrisa moved her hands to her hips in an even more vindictive position.
“Not a letter. Not one visit. You had Father in tears after you left, you know. You think that’s fair?” Her voice was high and whiny, honed likely through years of preaching. “I’ll have you know, additionally, just how embarrassing it was to explain where you’d gone and what you were doing. Do you think your lifestyle choices reflect well on your family?”
Aspin met Chrisa’s chastising glare with one of boredom and disinterest. She looked at me and signalled to keep going down the stairs, which I did, and we stood face-to-face with her. She was shorter than me, which gave me a guilty sense of superiority, but was much more menacing.
“I’m glad you missed me so much,” Aspin replied, her voice cool and dry. Chrisa opened her mouth to continue on her tirade but Aspin held up her hand. “You’re being very rude in front of our guests, you know.”
Chrisa flapped her mouth soundlessly for a second and then tilted her head up and re-crossed her arms.
“Well,” she then turned her gaze to me. “How nice to meet you, Leah.”
I held out a hand for her to shake but she simply looked disgusted. Her arms remained tucked together on her chest and she turned on her heel, walking back into the living room.
“Guys, you gotta see what I did with this basil,” Milo said, running over and holding a ceramic planter. In the soil sprouted forth an extremely tall and leafy plant, a gorgeous shade of deep green.
“That’s amazing, Milo!” I said, reaching over and touching one of the leaves. He beamed with pride.
“I really like this rune. I can’t believe I never got one until now! I should’ve been more annoying to the gang guys about it. They always told me only adults could have ‘em.” He placed the pot onto the living room table and gave Free a scratch behind one of his big, long ears.
“So, when did she get here?” Aspin asked, adding special emphasis on ‘she’. Chrisa shot a dirty look our way. Milo shrugged.
“A few minutes ago. She came in and asked who I was, so I told her I’m visiting with you. Is that ok?” he whispered. “She’s kinda scary.”
“Mm. You did great.” Aspin stared at Chrisa, reflecting her stern look. “We’re gonna go for a walk now, ok?”
“A walk?” Milo asked. “Why?”
“It’s a nice day, summer’s almost over. And besides, it’s Leah’s birthday so I thought we could find someplace to celebrate.” She announced this loud enough for Chrisa to know it was not a request but a demand.
“What is it that druids do for birthdays anyway?” I asked. Milo poked my elbow.
“Back in Catarine on a kid’s birthday, they were allowed to have a drink of mead all to themselves and everyone sang songs in their honour! And everyone would pitch in for a nice gift,” he said. Aspin laughed.
“Well, druids normally celebrate birthdays by gathering together their family, everyone shares their favourite memory from the past year of the birthday person, and then they give all sorts of gifts,” she explained.
“No mead?” Milo asked. “Not even wine?”
Aspin winked at him.
“Well, if it’s her birthday,” Chrisa came over. “A walk it is. We can visit Father’s cathedral and pray for another year of safety and good health, that’s another valued tradition.”
“Hardly,” Aspin replied. “Though I’d like to stop by the silversmith to perhaps purchase a gift. Myself, of course.”
“With what money?” Chrisa asked. Aspin held up a tiny coin purse that had been clutched in her hand.
“My savings from childhood that I left behind,” she said.
“You really don’t have to-” I started, but she smiled at me with a glint in her eye and shook her head. There was no dissuading her.
We went outside, all marching together in a line. I felt sad, suddenly, knowing I couldn’t hold Aspin’s hand at all while we were out. The affection from upstairs had disappeared as soon as Chrisa entered the picture. As nice as all of this was, it made me feel very alone.
Milo talked and talked as we went through town, about his last birthday, about plants, about his gang, and everything else on his mind. The freedom from being in a druid city was not lost on him; he relished every second, boasting as loud as he felt fit about magic.
“The silversmith is just here,” Aspin said. “Milo and I will go inside and decide what to get for you. It’ll be our gift. So you have to stay here.” She raised an eyebrow at Chrisa, a silent command to be cordial.
“We’ll wait for the two of you then,” she said. “I’ll tell her all of your embarrassing childhood stories.”
Aspin rolled her eyes and opened the shop door, disappearing inside with Milo. Chrisa and I were alone on the street, the midday silence yet again unnerved me. More unnerving, however, was the way Chrisa was looking at me.
“Don’t think I missed that,” she said, her voice icy and dangerous. “You two… on the stairs. Holding hands.”
She spat the words as if they were poison on her tongue. I paled and said nothing.
Rotten girl. Rotten girl. Rotten girl.
“You know what people would say if they saw that, right? She was a damn brothel whore first, now she’s going to be viewed as- as-”
There weren’t a lot of women loving women that got talked about. I’d read as much as I could about them when I was in my mid-teens, trying to find evidence that I wasn’t on my own. The island of Lesbos had given birth to one of the only women who truly seemed to understand me, a woman named Sapphos whose poetry carried me through the roughest of times. I’d heard the term ‘sapphism’ used in a derogatory manner enough, though, to keep that to myself. The only other word I’d heard hurled at us was ‘tribade’, though I couldn’t find its meaning in my studies. Chrisa struggling to come up with an insult for me had me laughing bitterly on the inside.
There’d been spinsters aboard Skyport, women who were overcast with suspicion. It was because of that I learned how cruel people could be when they felt like they lacked control over you. A woman providing for herself and living alone was terrifying, so they called her a tribade as if it would defeat her. But they’d heard it all before, standing strong, instilling in me enough confidence to know I wasn’t broken for not loving men. From the few spinsters I’d had the opportunity to talk to, they’d instantly become my mentors and role models, but most importantly, my best friends. I wished they could’ve been around for more of my adolescence.
Unlike men loving men, there weren’t as many words used as daggers to hurt people like me. Is that a blessing, I wondered? Or is it just another example of how secretive my kind have had to be to survive?
“I will never let anyone hurt her,” I said firmly. “You may not believe me, you may not trust me, but she is all I have.”
Chrisa was quiet after that. She seemed to share Aspin’s habit of biting her lips, chewing frantically at them as we waited in painful, painful silence. I could tell she was thinking about it, of course. Justifying her disgust to herself instead of acknowledging her fear of what she didn’t understand.
It took a long while for Aspin and Milo to finish. Perhaps it felt longer than it was, but it was quite the wait nevertheless. I’d taken to staring at the clouds and finding shapes within them to pass the time, but Chrisa just stood stubbornly, staring at the door as if she could will it to open and produce her sister.
I wondered if she had missed Aspin.
Finally, they emerged. Aspin was holding a box in her hand, a little wooden case painted gold, and Milo had a cheeky smile on his face.
“Done then?” Chrisa asked, her tone still hostile.
“Indeed. I hoped you enjoyed one another’s company,” Aspin replied, oblivious to the tension.
We went back to their home, Milo asking me a few questions about humans along the way. Aspin whispered to Chrisa, explaining why we were here, why I looked the way I did without mentioning my arm, the whole time Chrisa appeared to be utterly enraged. I was grateful when we reached the door, stepping inside and sitting at the kitchen table. Aspin offered to make some tea, to which I politely declined.
“You can tell you have a British culture for sure,” I said as Aspin took a seat next to me. She laughed.
“Well, that’s how it is. You have guests, you make tea.”
Chrisa was adjusting some of the beaded decorations around the first floor. She glanced over every so often, as if monitoring Aspin and me. It made me feel gross. Would people always regard us like this? I just wanted to hold her and be happy, go out in public together with our fingers intertwined, be comfortable showing my love.
“Don’t pay attention to her,” Aspin said quietly. “Did she say something to you?”
I hesitated, then shook my head. Liar, my brain spat at me. I didn’t need Aspin to worry about that. I didn’t want her to be afraid to love me, any more than she already was. She wasn’t buying it, though. I wasn’t good at this.
“Come on, tell me if something happened. I shouldn’t have left you two out there, I’m sorry.” She placed her hand on my leg and nervously, I glanced at Chrisa again. Aspin raised her eyebrows. “I knew it. She did say something, didn’t she?”
I sighed, defeated.
“She saw us together, holding hands,” I said. “She wasn’t happy about it.”
“Fuck that,” Aspin responded, crinkling her nose. “That’s her problem. We don’t have to pretend there’s something wrong just because she doesn’t get it.”
I blushed.
“Didn’t you say you didn’t want your family to know?” I asked sheepishly. Aspin smiled.
“Well, it’s easier if they don’t. You’re right. But it’s not your fault that she does now. Why be upset about it? There’s nothing we can do. Besides, it’s stupid to pretend they wouldn’t find out. We’ll be out of this town in less than a week and if they don’t want me- us - to come back, well, who cares.”
I wanted so badly to kiss her right then but I thought better of it, instead placing my hand on top of hers and squeezing it.
“Thank you,” I said.

Elder Trichton surprised us and came back early in the evening, carrying a pot of warm stew as well as a burlap sack full of unknown supplies.
“Someone brought me this stew as a gift, to share with family,” he said. “Very kind of them. It’s full of hearty vegetables and protein-packed stringy meats.”
It didn’t taste very good, there wasn’t any added salt or seasoning, and the vegetables hadn’t been skinned or cut finely so it was mostly a lumpy, bitter meal. But the herbs thrown in were magical, of course, and made everyone feel more calm and happy.
Chrisa talked throughout the meal, detailing her workday to her father. She was apparently halfway through her training and preparation before being ready to take her final vows. He listened intently, commenting here and there, and it became clear just how close - not to mention similar - they were. Aspin rolled her eyes the whole time.
After our meal, Aspin’s father opened the burlap bag. He passed to Aspin, Milo, and I strange jewellery that, apparently, had religious and luck-related symbolism, as well as some loaves of bread.
“The bread is made with greensprout oil and will keep you energized and full with only a single slice a day. It isn’t easy to procure, so take good care,” he explained. 
Keeping her promise, Aspin inquired about the disguising technique her father had used the other day and he gladly showed me. It was a little more complicated and required I hold the image of myself with those ears in my head at all times, as well as directing my energy to my ears. Thankfully I managed to get the hang of it. Aspin seemed pretty impressed.
Aspin discussed quietly with her father a few supplies she wanted him to pick up before we left. He nodded as she spoke as if it didn’t matter at all what her request was; he’d allow it simply because she wanted it. Chrisa wasn’t happy to find out Aspin and I had used her room, and when La came home they squabbled over it for a while.
It was such a normal family environment. Compassionate parents, feuding siblings, it made my heart hurt. I could’ve grown up like this, I thought.
After she finished arguing with Chrisa, La sat down with the two of us and asked if we had any major wounds.
“I’m tired, I’ve worked all day, so I won’t be healing every scrape or bruise. But if you’re really hurt, I don’t mind helping out,” she said. My first thought, obviously, was Aspin’s leg. Lachla’s eyes widened when she saw the wound. It wasn’t looking nearly as bad, but it didn’t look much better, either. It obviously still hurt. 
Lachla took her hands and ran them over the cut, once gingerly, her eyes closed and nostrils flared. It didn’t look particularly magical. Then, she opened up a big jug of water that had been strapped to her work uniform and poured it, dumped it rather, onto Aspin’s leg. Surprisingly, the water didn’t splash out all at once. Instead, it flowed like a gentle stream, glowing faintly, forming a thick snake and laying across the wound.
For a few seconds, Aspin’s skin was cleansed by the strange water as La moved her hand around it. Then she drew the water back into the jug, closing it up and putting it back on her hip.
“How does it feel?” she asked. Aspin grinned.
“So much better,” she replied, stretching it out. The cut was completely gone and her skin looked fresh and clean as if it hadn’t ever been hurt in the first place.
As night was falling and we’d all eaten dinner, the discussion of sleeping arrangements came up. Milo asked me very nicely if he could have Free sleep in Aspin’s room with him, to which I agreed, though I didn’t really know if I had much say in what Free did. Chrisa, however, had a thing or two to say about who was sleeping where. She wanted her own bed, as she wouldn’t be training overnight for the next little while. Lachla, of course, also needed her own room. There weren’t many options, though I would’ve been fine on the floor of the kitchen when you came right down to it.
Chrisa convinced Elder Trichton to let Aspin and I use Ethrin’s room. At first, he was pretty reluctant.
“You never know when she’ll be home, and it’s so… messy in there,” he argued. But eventually, he relented to Chrisa’s stubbornness.
Sure enough, the room was messy. Very, very messy. Just from stepping inside, it was clear how eccentric Rin was. There were unrecognizable tools and instruments scattered across all available surfaces, and the floor was home to scroll after scroll of scribbled notes. It reminded me of my father’s room.
The bed, however, had clean sheets and was made up nicely. It was the same size as Chrisa’s, not giving Aspin and me any more room to spread out. The floor was definitely not an option, either.
“Well…” I said. “Are you tired?”
“Strangely, not at all,” Aspin replied. “You?”
“No, not really.”
	“Good,” she said, sitting on the bed. “Then it’s the perfect time to give you your present.”
I’d entirely forgotten about my birthday. Aspin pulled out the golden box, handing it to me. Her face was red, out of embarrassment or nervousness I couldn’t tell.
“I suppose I should tell you now, but Milo asked about you and me when we were shopping. I didn’t know if you wanted to tell him together, but… I told him that we cared for each other the way a man and a woman do.”
“Oh? How did he react?” I asked. She smiled.
“He was surprised but not disgusted. He seemed more proud of himself for guessing it, than anything else. He said that it would be ‘cuter’ if I gave this to you alone so… go ahead and open it.” She held my gaze, her warm smile making my heart skip a beat.
I lifted the lid of the box. Inside was a necklace, laid lengthwise on a tiny down-stuffed cushion. The chain was silver, but the pendant was hard to see in the indent of the pillow. I pulled it out and held it up, moonlight illuminating it. It was a blue gem, cut in the shape of a teardrop. It sparkled pale blue light throughout the room.
“It’s beautiful!” I said. Aspin smiled and giggled.
“I’m so glad you like it,” she said. “It’s an aquamarine. Represents water, but also good health and clarity of thought and speech. I thought it complemented you well, and Milo liked the little silver detailing holding it onto the chain.”
“It’s perfect,” I said, kissing her on the cheek. “Would you put it on me?”
I handed the necklace to Aspin and turned around. She pulled my hair out of the way to put the necklace on, then paused.
“What’s this?” she asked. “Is this a rune?”
“I-” my heart thudded painfully in my chest. This wasn’t supposed to happen. What would she think of me? I couldn’t lie to her about it. “Yes, it’s a rune. Nora gave it to me when we were on the ocean city, to help with my water magic.”
“I don’t remember you telling me about this,” Aspin said, her voice rising in pitch. “It’s not a big deal or anything, you could’ve let me know.”
“If it isn’t a big deal, why are you upset?” I asked. My voice was sounding annoyed without me realizing it.
“I’m not upset,” Aspin murmured. “I just would’ve liked to know that your other sweetheart had marked you.”
“I didn’t know it mattered,” I said. “I-I’m sorry.”
Aspin said nothing and clasped the necklace, moving my hair to cover it.
I turned back around to look at her. She still had flushed cheeks, but her eyes were focused on the bed and she avoided my gaze.
“She died for you,” Aspin said. “How can you think it didn’t matter?”
It all came rushing back. The way she’d looked at me in her final moment. How she’d been the first person I’d ever kissed. I didn’t want to think about her death like that, like I owed her something. She wouldn’t have wanted me to feel like that.
“You don’t get it,” I said, laughing in frustration. “She didn’t die for me. She died for us. So that we could be here, where we are today, together.”
Aspin’s lip quivered and she bit it, still not making eye contact.
“How could you know that,” she said. “She liked you, not me.”
	“When I was with Nora,” I said quietly. “She could tell I cared about you. She told me not to lose hope that you’d care about me too.”
I held Aspin’s hands in mine, trying to reassure her. She looked up.
“I just…” she said, gulping. “You seem so much more figured out, y’know? You knew you liked women, you knew you liked me. I still have no idea who I like - besides you. And even that took me a while to figure out.”
“It’s ok,” I said. “You aren’t supposed to have everything figured out. You think it was easier for me because I already knew? I’ve had to hide that for years.”
“I know,” Aspin said. She sighed and wrapped her arms around me. “I’m sorry for being jealous. You’re the best thing to ever come into my life and I’m so afraid of anything coming between us.”
I hugged her back, breathing her in, letting her lean against me.
“There’s nothing between us right now, is there?” I whispered, squeezing her tighter.
“We could be closer,” she said back. My face heated up, my heart fluttered, my thoughts all scrambled. How could she do that to me?
Her hands went under my shirt, warming my skin.
“Like this,” she said. “However close you want to get.”
It was dangerous, saying stuff like that. We could get caught. But right at that moment, I hardly cared about the risks, all I could focus on was how warm she felt and the sound of her voice. 
So we got closer. We forgot about the rest of the world. Nothing could come between us.
Chapter 25
Waking up next to Aspin was the nicest feeling. Blankets half-covered our bodies, both tanned and scraped up, letting me admire her in the early morning light.
We both slept on our sides, as it turned out, hands tucked under our heads even with a pillow. Her hair looked fantastic even though it was frizzy and tangled, her lips parted ever so slightly, trapping a strand inside. A thin line of drool ran down her cheek. For someone so perfect to also be so normal, it was even more endearing.
I didn’t want to move but my bladder protested strongly. Slowly and carefully, I pulled myself out of the bed and pulled my jacket, gloves, and skirt back on. I was careful as I could be not to crinkle any of the papers spread on the ground, tiptoeing into the hall and to the chamber pot.
Druid houses were much like human ones. They’d clearly evolved alongside the British, their designs similar yet distinct in strange ways. Druids had no fireplace, no need for a chimney, no oil lanterns or gas lighting. Everything was magical.
I thought about how practical it was. No fear of setting things on fire, no running out of oil, it was simple and convenient. The more I learned about druids, the more I realized just how sad it was that humans and druids refused to get along.
After wrapping up my business, I quietly made my way back to Rin’s room.
“Can’t sleep?” Elder Trichton’s voice echoed up the stairs. I froze.
“No, I-” I started, but then changed my mind. He was sitting in the kitchen alone. “Yeah, having some trouble.”
He waved his hand, gesturing for me to join him. I came down the stairs, a bit conscious of my lack of proper attire. As I got closer, I could see he was drinking a tall cup of pink-ish water, looking entirely exhausted. His eye bags were especially prominent in the poor lighting, only a single magical light-orb hovering in the corner.
“What’s on your mind?” he asked as I sat at the kitchen table.
“Worried about my dad,” I said. “He’s all alone right now.”
“Mm. Fathers are important, if I do say so myself,” he said, taking a sip of his drink. I pointed at it.
“What’s that?” I asked. He lifted the cup as if inspecting it for the first time.
“Oh, well, this is rose water. Nothing special. Just supposed to help you sleep.” He tipped it towards me, offering me a sip. I declined. Elder Trichton raised his eyebrows, then a half-smile crept onto his face as he took another drink.
“What’s keeping you up?” I asked. He shrugged.
“Worried about my daughter,” he said. “This… this journey you’re on, well, it’s very dangerous. She’s already been injured. Not that I blame you for this, of course. She joined you of her own volition.”
I couldn’t help but feel he did blame me.
“Anyway,” he sighed deeply, seemingly deflating as the air left him. “I’m worried that she doesn’t need me anymore, selfish as that is.”
It sounded pretty selfish.
“She’s always been my little girl. I mean, Chrisa’s been my little girl, Aspin was my… slightly larger little girl. I’ve been hard on her, and I regret a lot of the parenting techniques I employed. I was too harsh and it drove her away, and now…” he looked up at the ceiling. “Now she’s really grown up.” He laughed, though it was bitter. “All I ever did was tell her she needed to grow up, and she grew out of her family.”
“Why do you think she’s here?” I asked.
“She needs somewhere to hide,” he said. “She doesn’t want to be here.”
“I don’t think that’s it at all,” I said. “She’d never tell you, but she’s missed you all. She was almost afraid to come with me in case you went to visit her.”
Aspin’s father’s reaction was nothing like Lachla’s. He blinked a few times and then pursed his lips. I couldn’t tell if he believed me or not. I doubted he really knew either.
“That’s very nice of you,” he said. “Anyway. It’s still early, you can get another hour or two of sleep if you hurry. It’s too late for me, unfortunately. Thank you for chatting with me, you seem like a lovely girl. I hope you do find your parents.”
I said my goodnights, despite it being morning, and quietly went back to bed. It was too bright for me to fall back asleep anyway, so I sat there, thinking to myself, imagining seeing my father again.
Time wasn’t passing very quickly this way. I decided it was time to do something I had begun to dread; finishing reading the journal.
A part of me feared I knew exactly how it would end. I didn’t want to read it. I didn’t want to have confirmed for me what fate had met this character, no, this very real person who felt just like me.
Opening the book on my lap made my heart speed up in anticipation. I flipped through the pages to my crude bookmark, a handkerchief I’d found lying around, and closed my eyes. Time to find out what happened.

My daughter is beautiful. I love her, I love my husband. I haven’t practiced magic in some time. I’m always tired. Irritable. I’m a pain to be around. I finally decided. It’s better to leave the world as I am now. Things are only getting worse. The nightmares are becoming more and more vivid. 
I miss my father. It’s time to see him again.

It ended there. There were a few folded papers shoved into this section, which I pulled out and opened up out of curiosity. They were children’s drawings, crude sketches of people holding hands, flowers and bees, birds and animals that were hardly recognizable due to the competency of a young child. All of them addressed ‘for momma’.
I closed the book, tucking the drawings back inside, and put it into my satchel. I wondered about Annie’s nightmares. Maybe she dreamed of her mother and father, as I did, maybe she dreamed of being abandoned, as I did. Or maybe she dreamed of abandoning her father. My stomach lurched.
I knew things would end this way but I didn’t want it confirmed. Annie wasn’t me, I realized. Obviously, I knew we were two different people, but we were less similar than I’d initially believed. She was selfish, to a degree, from the beginning to the end. She lived in the past.
Was I living in the past as well?
It was time to focus on the future, wasn’t it? The future beyond finding my parents, a future with Aspin and my father and my magic. I kept telling myself this journey was to learn how to protect myself and those I loved, but maybe it wasn’t that at all. Maybe it was time to actually protect myself.
I can’t abandon my journey now, I thought to myself. We’re so close.
All I needed to do, I realized, was change my perspective. I wasn’t doing this to find my parents, I was doing this so that I could move past them. To finally leave them behind for good.
With that thought, I nestled against Aspin and waited for the sun to rise.

We were leaving today. It was decided. Chrisa’s presence had assured the three of us it would probably be best to head out before we overstay our welcome.
Milo and Free had become pretty close but upon seeing me at breakfast, Free jumped over and pawed against me, staring into my eyes. His face was as close to a smile as he could manage, in my opinion. Chrisa made a snide comment about having his dirty paws on the table but no one paid her any mind.
Lachla had the day off so she helped us get ready.
“You’ve already done the travelling, really, it’s less than a day’s walk from here. I don’t know why you’re so worried about supplies,” she said as we packed bandages and healing ointment (courtesy of La, obviously) into Aspin’s bag.
“You never know what’ll happen,” Aspin replied. “If you aren’t overprepared, then you’re bound to be underprepared.”
Milo and I went out with a shopping list, courtesy of Aspin, though it was more or less an excuse to get away from the Trichton family and enjoy the summer weather.
“Do you know what you’re gonna do?” Milo asked. He looked up at my disguised ears with an uncomfortable expression.
“What do you mean?” I asked.
“When you find your parents. Like, afterwards. What’re you gonna do?”
I thought about it for a minute. It had been in the back of my mind the entire journey, but I still had no ideas.
“Well, I guess head back to France with Aspin and try to catch Skyport when it comes back through Eurasia in the next few months. Or something like that,” I said. “Dunno how easy it’ll be, but I miss my father and I’m sure he misses me.”
“So you’re gonna leave her here and go back to humans?”
“What?”
“You said you’d go back to Skyport. Aspin can’t really go there unless she’s disguised the whole time. I guess you’ll have to disguise yourself too, now that you have those tattoos,” Milo said, pointing to my arm and throat.
“I haven’t really thought about that,” I said.
“She’s really worried about it, y’know,” Milo continued. I blinked.
“She is?”
“Yeah, she was telling me. She likes you so much that she’s worried after you guys find your parents, you’ll stop needing her. But you wouldn’t ever leave her behind, right?”
“Of course not,” I said, but I was feeling distracted now. She was worried about that? Really? But… what if she had a point? It wasn’t like she’d be welcome on Skyport. But I wouldn’t either, would I? Everyone there knew I was part druid now. Did that mean I wouldn’t get to be with my father ever again?
Milo dropped the issue and we went back to passively appreciating the city and the season. 
“What about you?” I asked. “You could be an herbalist or something,” I said. “Since you’re so good with plants.”
Milo waved off the idea, shaking his head.
“You have to do all this extra training and certification, then you gotta set up a practice of some sort, it’s too much work. Plants are my hobby.”
“I forgot, you’re a full-time pickpocket,” I said, grinning and elbowing him playfully.
“You gotta admit I’m good at it!” he said, elbowing me right back. “Anyway, we should grab Aspin’s stuff now. The list won’t get shorter if we keep gawking instead of buying.”
“Sometimes I forget you’re a kid,” I said. He beamed.
Chapter 26
We prepared ourselves to head out in the cloak of night. Thanks to a big jug of an awakening elixir Aspin’s father got for us, we would be able to move non stop for several days. Hopefully, this would put us ahead of the French guards who were no doubt on their way to close off all access to the Exile Island.
The road between Reves and the druidic port, Merrin, was barely used. Weeds and sprouts erupted all over the dirt pathway, sticks and roots making quite the tripping hazard in the dark. We only had to follow the road for a few hours, though, so we kept at it.
“Can we use magic to create some light?” I asked.
“And become beacons to our position?” Aspin said, screwing up her nose. “Not right now, just try to step carefully.”
Animal noises and plants rustling had us all on edge. By the time we’d been on route for two hours, I was jumping with all hairs standing on end at every out-of-place sound. The feeling of being watched was ever-present, just adding to the stress.
Finally, through the woods and the endlessly dark horizon there emerged signs of Merrin. The light from buildings, the murmuring of far-off voices, and the lapping of waves against the shore. The sun had begun to rise, allowing us to move swiftly on the last section of our trip.
“So, what’s the plan once we get there?” I asked. “Are we gonna just take a boat out ourselves? Or try to get someone else to bring us there?”
Aspin shook her head.
“West told me that the island is pretty far from shore. It would’ve been nicer if we could’ve gotten the ocean city to take us there.”
“So… we don’t have a plan,” I said. “Great.”
“We’ll figure something out, don’t worry,” Aspin replied. “We have your water magic, don’t we? That’s a pretty big advantage when travelling across the sea.”
“I’m not exactly an expert,” I said. Aspin gave me a hopeful smile anyway.
It had been several hours and I was surprised by the lack of other travellers.
“Is this a druid thing?” I asked. “Do druids not even visit other towns?”
“Not really, except for criminals I guess,” Aspin said. Milo nodded.
“Druids kinda hate each other, but not as much as they hate humans!” he said. “I mean, hate’s a strong word. They prefer not to be in the company of outsiders.”
“Didn’t druids used to be known for being nomadic?” I asked. Aspin shrugged.
“That was a long time ago,” she said. “Things have changed.”
“Isn’t it kinda funny, then?” I continued. “Humans have all sorts of ways to travel and move around as quickly as possible, yet a race recognized for moving around has become so hostile to its own kind that they don’t even visit one another.” 
Aspin and Milo both looked uncomfortable at that thought.
“Anyway, I-” Aspin stopped walking. “There’s… someone else here.”
Sure enough, just off in the distance was a tall cart pulled by two brown and white horses. They were approaching just a bit faster than we were walking, and quickly the riders of the cart came into view.
The horses skidded to a stop as the man holding the reins tugged them sharply, saying ‘Woah!’, then jumping onto the ground.
“You!” he and I exclaimed in unison, fingers pointed at one another.
It was the druid salesman from Skyport. He looked just the same, dressed up in absolutely gaudy clothing, face done up with powders and glitter. However, he wasn’t alone in his travels; still sitting on the cart was a young woman - a human.
“You’re the Avent girl, aren’t you? The one they’ve been looking for!” he shouted.
“You’re the reason I’m IN this mess!” I shouted back. “If it hadn’t been for you, I wouldn’t be forced on the run!”
“My fault? How is it MY fault that you’re a-”
“Darling, calm down!” the human woman said in a forceful voice, gracefully dismounting from the cart. “Both of you, lower your voices. It wouldn’t end well for either of us if we drew attention to our travels.”
Aspin and Milo looked at each other, confused. The woman dusted off her skirt and adjusted the bonnet on her head, clearing her throat.
“Why don’t we start this meeting from the top?” she said. “Hello, all. My name is Diana and this is my husband, Malakei.”
The druid salesman, Malakei, said nothing. He pursed his glittery lips and glared at me.
“It’s nice to meet you,” Milo said, stepping forward to shake Diana’s hand. “My name is-” He glanced at Aspin, whose eyes were wide with alarm. “I-I’m not at liberty to share.”
“So, you must be the half-human,” Diana approached me with a warm smile, a confusing combination with her previous statement. I shook her hand.
“You’re human?” I asked. She nodded.
“Indeed I am. I suppose I’m as much of a traitor as you are, my dear.”
“I’m… I’m sorry for my outburst,” Malakei said with a sigh, standing next to his wife. She held onto his arm, smiling up at him. “Things are quite bad right now and I shouldn’t have taken it out on you.”
“I’m sorry, as well,” I said. “You weren’t being malicious when you brought Free to me.”
Free, on cue, popped his head out of my bag and chittered angrily at Malakei. I wondered if he recognized him.
“I wasn’t able to sell my other hybrids,” Malakei said, staring at Free. “I suppose it’s for the best. I see now that druids and humans will never get along.”
“Well now,” Diana said in mock anger. “If that’s how it is.”
“D-dear, you know what I meant,” Malakei stuttered. She laughed at him and hugged his arm.
“I’m sorry you had such a negative experience on Skyport,” I said. “What brings you all the way out here?”
“All the way out-” Malakei muttered in confusion. “My dear girl, we’re only a day’s ride away from the place from which the cloud city recently embarked!”
“Indeed we are,” Diana said. “You see, Malakei and I decided to finally make our relationship official. We were married by my uncle, as my family had grown a little more friendly towards him over the course of the time he’d been staying with humans, but…”
“Well, now things are the way they are,” Malakei finished.
“What do you mean?” Aspin asked.
“After your friend was found out, well, the news spread and every last non-magical person was on about how insidious druids are. They believe you’re a spy, growing up intentionally around humans to one day return to the Avents and continue their legacy. To destroy the carefully constructed barriers between druid and human life.” Diana said. “It wasn’t long before Malakei, who’d spent months gaining the trust of the humans in the area, was turned to as a traitor as well. And, well…”
“You could say we’re on the run too,” he finished solemnly. “I don’t blame you, really, but it is disheartening to know my endeavours were such a waste.”
“I wouldn’t call it that,” Diana said quietly. “We did find each other, after all.”
“Of course, dear, you’re right.”
Aspin interrupted the two newlyweds.
“So humans all over the country are turning against druids?” she asked. “Have they started towards druid villages and cities?”
“That remains to be seen, I suppose,” Malakei responded, shrugging. “But if I could hazard a guess, it’s only a matter of time. The ball’s begun to roll and, with the momentum it has now, I highly doubt there will be a peaceful conclusion.”
“Do you mean war?” I asked.
“That’s precisely what I mean,” Malakei said. “There’s hardly any other possibility. It’s just like the Reckoning, isn’t it? We’ve really come full circle.”
“What is the Reckoning?” Aspin asked. “And why is it no one told me about it when we were growing up in Reves?”
Malakei blinked.
“I didn’t realize you were native to Reves as well, dear girl,” he said, smiling. “How nice to meet a druid so much like myself. But, well, it’s easy to understand once you know what all happened.”
In the darkness of the night, Malakei and Diana set up a fire on the ground with gathered sticks and dead leaves, and a little magic to hide the light from onlookers of course. We all sat around it, eating bread and drinking tea, Malakei preparing to enthral us with his knowledge of history.
“You see, it was quite some time ago, many generations before you or I,” he started, wiping crumbs from his mouth. “An extremist group of druids was started in the Northern Valley, which spread quickly to the rest of the druidic areas in France. It all began because of the humans settling in what they thought was an abandoned shrine, tearing down the remains to build their homes. That shrine was really an ancient druid resting place and looked decrepit simply because plants had been allowed to grow over it. That is, after all, the way of Terra.
“Regardless of all that, this infuriated the nearby druid settlement. It had been an uneasy alliance while the Eurasians were settling down, but this really created a rift in the communities.
“The extremist group had no name. They didn’t need one. They simply used the Moss as their symbol, along with the name of the shrine. Their aim was to show humans they couldn’t intimidate them, couldn’t force them out of their most sacred of lands, and to reclaim all lost territory in the name of the gods. They called their movement the Reckoning, as it was viewed as Terra’s fury being brought down onto the heretics.
“It began with attacks on smaller human villages in Eurasia that were largely ignored. But soon, the attacks were on bigger and bigger settlements, even reaching Britain, until the deaths and casualties began to rack up. That’s when the humans fought back.
“It lasted for five decades, on and off. There were many, many lives lost and no one could come up with a reasonable middle ground. Until, finally, the druids relented.
“The fighting had led to much destruction and loss, not only of their population, but their monuments and homes. Druids are not naturally confrontational; they don’t like to be fighting. Despite their magic, their weaponry and strategy were hardly matched to those of humans, war-weathered as they are. So a bargain was struck.
“Humans agreed to leave the holy lands to the druids, and druids agreed not to encroach on human lifestyles, no matter how egregious to nature. No one was happy, but no one was particularly upset, either.
“It worked, for the most part, there have been many instances of lines crossed or people going too far, but overall nothing like the Reckoning occurred. Kieran Avent’s threat to the boundaries between humans and druids made the French nobility and druid elders fearful again, however. He needed to be made an example of.
“To stop young druids from getting any ideas about revolting, the Reckoning was kept a secret. Only druids with some form of contact with humans know of it - and even then, most humans are unaware themselves. It’s the continent’s biggest shame, really. Truth be told, humans nearly lost many times. They don’t like remembering it. But more than that, something I’ve learned in my journeys… Druids hate any memory of their crimes. I’ve uncovered hundreds of missing bits of history all around Eurasia, things our kind have kept hidden.”
We sat quietly after he’d finished, as though waiting for more. Aspin glanced at me and we shared a knowing look, the story we’d heard in Belleaux coming back to mind. Malakei looked around at us, his face illuminated ominously by the fire.
“We are well on our way to another Reckoning, this time from the humans. Druids have had their time to rethink their strategies, but humans have developed leaps and bounds since their first battles. It will be a difficult war, to be sure. It will either be short and brutal, at most a few years, or it will last the whole of next century,” he concluded. 
“Don’t feel badly, Miss Avent,” Diana said. I realized my face had been twisted up in a pained, guilty expression. “This was a long time coming. Just think of the British.”
It didn’t make me feel much better.

Our two groups parted ways with wishes of luck. Aspin looked pale the whole time, clearly stunned by the news we received.
Before saying goodbye, Diana had pulled me aside.
“I hope to have a daughter like you one day,” she had whispered. “In fact, I want to have loads of half-human children. It’s my fondest dream the world be filled with people with magical and non-magical heritage.”
I felt my cheeks flush as I imagined it. Magical people of all kinds truly intermixed with humans, not isolated from one another. No more hiding under layers of clothing or spells. Being allowed to be myself no matter where I was.
But then the reality set in. No matter how many children she and Malakei had, the world wasn’t going to change quickly enough to allow them to live freely. She may wish the best for the future of druids and humans but the truth was, her children would be doomed to hide and be afraid. A question crossed my mind, something that I subconsciously considered many, many times; was life worth living if it would always be like this?
Without another word she left, getting back on the cart and waving goodbye to us. With a few looks of confusion exchanged between Milo, Aspin, and I, we continued on our way to Merrin.

Walking several more hours, I explained to Aspin specifically how I’d met Malakei and Free, the crowd of onlookers, the fear of putting my father in danger. She listened intently, nodding and adding no comment. Milo seemed intrigued, however, by the prospect of more creatures like Free.
“I’ve never had a familiar!” he said. “That man could’ve just given me one, you know, seeing as no one else wanted them. You should’ve asked!”
I laughed, happy to have some kind of distraction from the guilt weighing me down. Intrusive thoughts plagued me, telling me I shouldn’t have been born, I should never have bothered anyone with my existence, I shouldn’t have left home, I should’ve just died. It was hard not to be completely miserable.
As the sun rose, then hit its peak, we were getting tired. Aspin passed around the bottle of awakening, and after we’d each had some we realized there really wasn’t a lot left.
“It’ll get us through the rest of the night, which is enough to get to Merrin. No need to worry,” Aspin said.
Continuing on, we didn’t have much to talk about. It seemed we were all thinking about something, something too intense to share, too personal or too sad to express. I couldn’t stop thinking about the Reckoning, the upcoming war. I’d never lived in wartime. Even in Skyport, we would always move on from areas when they were in times of conflict. I’d never seen bloodshed - not until now, I guess. Not until I caused it.
Eventually, though, Aspin sidled up to me, her hand finding mine.
“How’re you feeling?” she asked. I stared at her gorgeous emerald eyes and shook my head, then shrugged.
“I don’t know, really.” I said. “I wouldn’t want to trouble you.”
“Trouble me.”
I sighed and looked up at the sky. It was turning rosy hues from the setting sun, which would’ve been a lot more beautiful if I wasn’t plagued with the knowledge we’d soon have to travel in the pitch blackness of night.
“I’ve been thinking about something. I wasn’t sure if I should ask you about it,” I said. “Do you think I’ve changed a lot since we met?”
Aspin looked a bit taken aback. She blinked a few times and then sucked her lips in, thinking.
“Yes. I’d say you have,” she replied.
“What was your initial impression of me?” I asked. She looked down and to the left as she constructed her response.
“You were quiet. Dependent. Unsure of yourself,” she started. “But you were kind and attentive. Always thinking further. And I could tell you were troubled.”
“What about now?”
“Still troubled, I’d say,” she said. “Though you have reason. You became a bit more confident. I wouldn’t say you’re independent but… you’re definitely more, how should I put it… Open and expressive. You were reserved with everything you thought but I feel like I’ve really got to see you grow into your feelings.”
I nodded, going over what she said over and over in my mind. Was I like that? Really?
“And… you’re stronger. Not just physically, but in here.” She pointed to my heart. “How is it you see yourself?”
I didn’t expect the question.
“To be honest? A freak,” I said, laughing bitterly. “First, I thought I was a freak for being attracted to women. Then I found out I was half druid, and that was on its own level of bizarre. And now…” I held up my hand, hidden under the glove. I removed it to expose the mechanics beneath, the gears and wires moving as I wiggled the fingers. Aspin reached up and grasped the mechanical hand in her soft human one.
“You’ve never been a freak,” she said quietly. She rolled the jacket sleeve up and ran her fingers along the arm, sending little jolts of her magic through it. It made my shoulder tingle. “Being different doesn’t make you a freak. All these things, all these aspects of you… they don’t change who you are really. The important stuff. The way you took responsibility for what happened to Free, the way you put him before yourself… when I was hurt, the way you took care of me… No amount of this-” She tapped my arm. “Changes that.”
“I’m nowhere near as good at magic as you and Milo are,” I said.
“Eh? Someone say something?” Milo, who had been several paces ahead of us, turned around and put his hands on his hips. I laughed.
“You’re doing really well. And besides,” Aspin said. “We’re gonna have years and years to get better. Together.”
“Of course,” I said. “I should have said it earlier, but… I hope you know we’re sticking together no matter what happens with my parents. I wouldn’t want to be without you.”
Aspin blushed and Milo turned back around, speeding up a little bit to give us space. She leaned over and kissed my cheek, brushing my hair out of the way.
“Thank you,” she whispered. “I wouldn’t want to be without you either.”
We continued walking, Aspin holding tightly to my right hand as if it were flesh and bone, as if I were a whole person worthy of her affection. I was starting to think that maybe I was.
The sun set again, the night passed, the sun rose. We drank more of the elixir and, sure enough, only a couple drops remained.
We were pretty close to the city at this point, and I was shocked at just how different Merrin was from Belleaux. The buildings were tall and in pristine condition, there was bountiful farmland to the west of the city, animals grazing on the nearby hills. It looked beautiful.
Just as we were approaching the borders of the town, where houses were strewn a little ways from the crowded city, I slammed face-first into something invisible and fell backwards.
“Leah! Are you ok?” Aspin rushed to my side and helped me up.
“Something’s blocking the way,” I said. Aspin looked worried.
“Well, I had no trouble just a bit to the right, so why don’t you try there…” She didn’t sound very confident.
Sure enough, I was again met with a barrier. I placed my hand against it, feeling no temperature or texture, it truly felt like I was pressing my hand against compacted air.
“It’s a protective technique,” Milo said. Aspin nodded.
“Clearly it was made to keep humans out… and since you’re half human…” she said, not needing to finish her thought.
“What am I supposed to do then?” I asked. Aspin was already holding her hands up to where I’d discovered the barrier to be, focusing her energy. She breathed out and dropped her arms to her side, shaking her head.
“It’s no use,” she muttered. “The wall is made too well. It’s clearly anchored to something and you have to destroy the anchor to remove the magic.”
“We have to go around it, then,” Milo said. “Easy. We’ll just get to the shore and then Aspin and I will sneak into town and get a boat.”
“That… sounds like it actually might work,” Aspin said. “Alright, let’s backtrack a bit and walk around the city to the shore.”
Just as we turned around, a loud outcry drew our attention back to the city. A crowd had gathered near the edge of town, a man standing on a tall wooden podium of sorts. The crowd was shouting and yelling, their fists in the air and fingers pointing.
“I know a technique for eavesdropping,” Milo said. “I can relay what they’re shouting about to you guys.”
We hid behind a tree and Milo leaned out, cupping his ear and closing his eyes.
“The man… he says ‘Feel your anger! Be enraged! Our freedom is unfairly threatened by those who walk among us!’” While he repeated what he could hear, his voice changed to that of a grown man. It was as if he was using magic to project exactly what was being said. The deep, rumbling anger echoing in Milo’s speech made my stomach lurch.
“The crowd is too loud, I-I can’t tell what they’re saying. Oh… the man, he continues ‘The traitor’s offspring brings war back to the druids. War! The treacherous spawn is attempting to make contact with Kieran’s following to create conflict between humans and druids once more. Peace never lasts! Many of you have escaped the clutches of the British yet you are being thrust into unrest once more!’. Everyone in the crowd is quieter now, they’re agreeing.”
Milo was silent for a minute.
“So he just said… H-he said ‘you are gathered here because news reached us, there are traitors on their way to the coast. Our call to action is to create an impenetrable barrier around the seas so the Avent child cannot escape our lands and start a war.’.”
“We need to move, then,” Aspin said, eyes wide. “We need to be on the other side of that barrier.”
“How will we know where to go? How close is close enough?” I asked.
“There’s no time to think! We just need to try!” Aspin grabbed my right arm and we started to run. Milo ran up ahead of us, much more nimble, leading the way.
For the first time in my life, I prayed. I thought silently in my head about the Mother Earth around us, about Terra, and I begged her to carry us to the sea.
Chapter 27
We ran, our muscles burning, breath becoming more and more strenuous to the point where every gasp of air scraped my throat like a blade and burned in my chest like acid.
The sea wasn’t far now. But as we ran closer to the beach, we were closer to the city. People were watching from their windows and the streets as we ran by, and I had a feeling they knew exactly who we were.
	Waves crashed on the shore; it was clearly a high tide with a storm on the way. I looked over my shoulder at Aspin, close behind me, and felt my veins freeze. Close behind were two big druid men, chasing after us.
	“Milo! Run, as fast as you can, we’re being followed!” I shouted, each word like fire through my dry throat.
	Milo turned his head and, to my surprise, he stopped running.
	“What are you doing?” I’d caught up with him but didn’t dare stop. Aspin followed me, her eyes wide with panic, arms swinging desperately to provide more momentum. Finally, our feet sank into the sand, but we kept moving.
	We ran right into the water, standing with the sea pushing and pulling at our waists. The current was powerful but Aspin grabbed my hand and squeezed it, sharing her energy with me, and I used our power to try to control the waters. Just barely, I was able to still the waves surrounding the two of us. Confident that we were well beyond the soon-to-be-erected barrier, we turned to see Milo.
	I shouldn’t have been so surprised to see him fighting dirty. He struck one of the men in the groin with an energy-packed punch, turning around and doing the same to the other. He created winds with his magic that whipped dirt and sand up, shrouding our view of the battle, though I doubted that was the intended effect. It whirled in the air for a minute or so and when it settled my heart sank and my blood froze.
Milo’s arm was bent at an odd angle, and though he’d managed to knock one druid unconscious, the other held him by the hair and stared at us. He dragged Milo across the ground, the disgust in his eyes evident. His nose looked broken and blood trickled from the corner of his mouth.
Just as he approached the sand, he was stopped. Eyes wide with fear, he tried again to step onto the beach but it was too late. He and Milo were both stuck.
From his grip, Milo looked me in the eyes and smiled, though his lip was busted and his left eye was swollen. He opened his mouth and I heard his familiar whisper in my ear.
“Don’t worry about me,” he said. “I’ve been through worse scraps than this.”
He reached up with his good arm and pressed his hand against the druid man’s wrist. With a loud cry, Milo fell to the ground and took off in the opposite direction. A red handprint was seared into the man’s flesh and he completely forgot about Aspin and me, running to try and catch up with Milo.
“He’ll make it,” Aspin said to me, her voice shaky. “He’s so fast. And he’s good at hiding.”
I nodded, trying to convince myself.
We waded back to the beach. No one else was around, so we walked along the shore towards what appeared to be a dock with small wooden boats lined up.
“I guess we just have to take one of those,” Aspin said. “But I’m worried about being seen.”
“I’m surprised no one’s on the beach right now,” I said. “It seems a bit suspicious.”
“I agree…” Aspin narrowed her eyes and scanned our surroundings. “Let’s proceed with caution.”
“If only we could turn invisible,” I said. Aspin’s eyes lit up.
“I just had an idea,” she said. “Remember that magic my father taught you? To hide your ears?”
I nodded.
“Well, it actually was the technique for disguising your appearance altogether, but concentrated to one area. If we can instead change our faces and bodies, maybe we’ll be safe. Anyone who saw us come by knows we were two druid women, after all, so no one would think twice about two men.”

It wasn’t gonna be easy. My focus was shaky at best, and it was tough to keep my mind off of everything else going on. Aspin even struggled to get her appearance just right. She made her hair into what she called a ‘masculine yet lengthy style’, helping me with my own, and then we changed into pants instead of dresses.
I could flatten my chest and make my nose more rugged, but only for a minute, and then I couldn’t do it at the same time as my ears. We were growing more and more desperate; at any time, someone could walk by and we’d be done for.
“Think about Milo,” Aspin said. “If we can’t get this right, everything he did for us would be pointless.” 
We managed, after a few tries, to make ourselves into convincing boys. As we adjusted our clothing, Aspin’s eyes widened.
“There’s a woman over there,” she murmured to me. Sure enough, a druid woman had stepped onto the beach and was walking towards us, one hand pointed to the and twitching wildly. She was clearly casting some kind of spell.
“We should run,” I said. 
“Would there even be a point? Where would we run to? The sea?” Aspin replied. “Maybe we can fight. Stand our ground.”
She was coming closer and closer. She raised her other hand out to us, turning it palm up, and her previously focused face turned into a gentle smile.
“Miss Avent,” she said. “I’m glad you made it this far.”
“Who are you?” I asked. She looked to be about mid-twenties, and I didn’t recognize her whatsoever. Hearing her say my last name without an undertone of disgust was certainly not what I was used to.
“I’m someone who believes in what your parents believed. I wish for humans and druids to no longer live in tentative animosity, but rather intermingled,” she said, still coming closer. “News spread to our home from the human town about Caleb Tucker’s surrogate child who was a hidden druid, and my heart went out to you. I’ve been trying to find as much information on you as possible since then, so when I saw you and your companions running by…”
“How do we know we can trust you?” Aspin said, still staring at the woman’s hand, spastically moving at her side.
“As impressed I am by your attempts to disguise yourselves,” she said. “I took it upon myself to cloak the three of us from the world and to cloak the world from you. There are many, many more people on the beach searching for you two, but you are invisible to them. Just as they are invisible to you.”
I raised my eyebrows.
“We’re… invisible?” Aspin looked around in disbelief.
“Indeed you are. But we don’t have much time, this kind of technique is incredibly energy-intensive. You must embark from these shores on your way to the island.”
“Did you…” I said, gulping. “Did you ever meet my parents?” 
The woman smiled sadly and shook her head.
“They were before my time, unfortunately. I know not if they are still alive, in fact, living in the Exile Land is a bit of a rumour. No one knows what you’ll actually find when - if - you get there.”
“I know, but…” I furrowed my brow. “We’ve come this far. No matter what lies on that island…”
“Yes. I know what you’re thinking. I could tell from the second you stepped onto this beach that you were going all the way.” She smiled. “I’m sure your father would- will be very proud of you.”
I thought about my father and my heart sang. In no time at all, my journey would be over. I would be returning to him. I could tell him all about my adventures. He’d get to meet Aspin. And, hopefully, Milo. I smiled back at her, nodding, tears in my eyes.
“My magic is running thin,” the woman said, breaking the atmosphere. “I can’t cloak you for much longer. I’ve included one of the small wooden boats in my magic, so if you climb on now I can use the last of my energy to push you as far out to sea as possible.”
“You’ve done so much for us already,” Aspin said. “We can do the rest.”
“Please,” the woman said. “Let me help you. I want you to survive.”
We clambered onto an all-too-familiar style of rowboat. With a deep breath in, the woman held out both arms and a powerful cyclone of wind whipped the water around us forwards, changing the tide and shooting the little boat out into the water. As soon as the wind faded, sure enough, we could see the crowds of druids on the beach. They pointed, shouted, some ran towards the boats and others started preparing techniques to otherwise prevent us from escaping.
I felt something well up in my chest, anguish and fear and anger and frustration, and I stood up in the boat.
“You’re making yourself a target!” Aspin said, pulling the oars through the water as fast as she could. The ocean roared in my ears. I raised my arms and the water rose with them, a tsunami of my command rolling with ferocity back towards the shore. No one was preparing their techniques against us now. They were afraid of us, and that was the edge we needed. I raised my leg and stomped on the bottom of the rowboat. Energy from my calf spread below it and a hill of ocean water grew beneath us. Like a sled in the snow, the boat slipped down, speeding through the ocean and far away from the shore.
I could feel Nora. I didn’t know how, but it felt like her hands were moving mine, like her voice was urging me forward, like she was guiding me and her spirit protecting me. Tears streamed down my cheeks as I watched the giant wave crash against the beach.
“How did you do that?” Aspin asked, but my head was swimming too much to respond. I collapsed onto the splintering seat of the rowboat, crumpling like a pillar of sand. I was barely awake, the last thing I could remember was the sound of the lapping waves hitting against the wood of the boat and Aspin’s face above mine.

I woke up as the sun was setting in front of us. Aspin was still rowing, her eyes drooping, her arms shaky and slow.
	“Leah?” Her eyes widened as I sat up. She had thrown a blanket over me, and Free had crawled out of my bag and sat on my stomach. Startled, he stood up and climbed my chest to perch on my shoulders.
	“Hey,” I said, smiling weakly. “Why don’t I take over?”
	Aspin let the oars lie loosely in their holders, leaning over in the boat to hug me. The rowboat rocked and tilted, causing us to fall over, but that hardly mattered.
	“You were incredible,” she said, kissing me. “You saved us.”
	I couldn’t tell her what had really happened. I just smiled and kissed her back, letting my fingers wander through her hair and press against her rosy cheek.
	“Don’t mention it,” I said. “We need to get to the island still, so don’t go thanking me until we’re really safe.”
	“You were out for a few hours,” Aspin said. “Free seemed concerned.”
	Still clinging to my shoulder was Free, licking my ear and nuzzling my messy hair. I laughed and pet his head.
	“I’ll use my water magic to help us, just like before,” I said as Aspin and I carefully sat back onto the rowboat benches. “Get some rest, if you can, you’ve been working hard.”
	The shore was completely out of view. We were heading blindly to the west and hoping West’s illustration was accurate enough that we would actually end up on land eventually. He’d drawn the Exile Land directly to the west of the shore, which we were originally going to travel towards from a city south of Merrin. Aspin’s father had confirmed that, from his knowledge, heading straight west from Merrin would bring us within the vicinity of the island before too long. He’d told us not to worry about it too much, that the tide travelled towards there anyway and we could rely on that, but now that we were actually out at sea I was definitely worried.
	“Do you think they’ll chase us?” Aspin asked, trying to get comfortable on the bench, tucking her knees to her chest.
	“I don’t think so,” I replied. “They had their chance to stop us and they missed it. From their perspective, I think it might be too late. And besides, hopefully we’ll reach the island before anyone can catch up to us. Then we may be in more of a position to defend ourselves.”
	Nodding and yawning, Aspin lay her head on the back of her hand and closed her eyes. I made sure we were still heading towards the sunset and began to propel us along with my magic, daydreaming about my bed in Skyport.

Aspin and I switched roles, rowing and water magic, for two full days after that nightfall. We were perpetually exhausted, unable to get any decent rest on that damn boat. Free became erratic and anxious after the first day, pacing and chittering, scratching against the wood and letting out strange screeches that I had never heard him make before.
We were all having a bit of a bad time, to say the least.
It wasn’t worth the magic expended to clean ourselves. We stank like sweat and salt, though it was the least of our concerns. Anytime a sailboat appeared on the horizon we prayed they weren’t looking for us. The waves were often choppy and difficult to tame with magic, despite my prior command over the sea. We were tossed around so much even Free had to empty his stomach into the water.
The bread Aspin’s father gave us was the only thing keeping us going by the morning of the second day. I’d started to worry that we had passed the island, but Aspin assured me based on the map we were still to reach it, though I doubted that she truly knew that for sure. Nevertheless, we pressed onwards.
The moon reached its peak in the sky for the second time when land came into view. I didn’t believe it at first, convincing myself it was an illusion borne from my desire, but when Aspin pointed at it, her jaw open, I knew we’d finally found it.
Our lips were dry and cracked, the sea air sucking the moisture from our skin and replacing it with salt. We were sunburned and peeling, every movement painful, our limbs full of splinters, but seeing land in the distance invigorated us to continue with newfound confidence and enthusiasm.
The sun had begun to rise by the time the boat was washed onto the sandy beach. The island wasn’t huge and had sparse foliage, but just past the shore was grassy farmland peppered with driftwood huts.
“This is it, isn’t it?” Aspin said, her voice hoarse. Our throats were dry from running out of fresh drinking water.
“It has to be,” I replied.
We crawled out of the boat, pulling ourselves out of the seafoam and coating our cracking skin with sand. My previous energy had been entirely drained upon reaching land. Aspin and I lay face down on the beach, Free standing between us, chirping loudly and digging into the dry land.
Every sensation between then and passing out was nulled. People approaching, some holding lamps, some creating light with magic. Hands around my arms, lifting me. Voices mumbling to one another. Many inspections of my strange appendage. Being carried, seeing my satchel held by a tall woman in front of me, bouncing as we moved towards the huts. Free clinging to my clothes. Being laid in a cot, the nicest feeling I could remember, with a warm fireplace crackling nearby. Seeing Aspin lying in a similar cot, fast asleep. I reached my hand out and found hers, squeezing it tight.
We made it.
We made it.
We made it.

Epilogue
I stood on the deck of the airship, staring down into the grey clouds. The wind was cold but it didn’t bother me. West’s jacket sat on my shoulders, shielding me from the weather.
Aspin walked over, standing next to me and leaning over the railing as well.
“What’re you looking at?” she asked, but she knew the answer.
“Nothing,” I said.
“You’ve gotta stop blaming yourself,” she said, rubbing my left arm. “Come back inside. Caleb and I just finished making dinner.”
“Is Milo behind the wheel?” I asked, smirking. Aspin nodded, smiling sheepishly.
“Hey, it wasn’t my idea. He’s doing just fine though.”
“I guess so.”
We stood together on the deck a few moments longer.
“Ok,” I said finally. “I’m kinda hungry.”
We went inside the modest airship hull. It was divided into six rooms; the command deck, where all the steering was done. My father’s bedroom. Milo’s room, which doubled as the extra storage room, full of wooden crates. Aspin’s and my bedroom. The kitchen, which was comprised of counters, cupboards, and a metal table with four metal chairs. The workshop, or as we called it, the captain’s quarters. It was my father’s new baby, this ship.
We’d been living here together for a year now. Milo had just turned sixteen and, according to him, that made him an adult. My father had become nearly as close with Aspin as he was with me, which made me simultaneously happy and jealous.
Getting back to mainland France hadn’t been nearly as hard as leaving it. Thanks to the help and advice from those in the Exile Land, we’d managed to make it to the northernmost shore, where Skyport would be passing in half a year.
Aspin and I had hidden out, scared for our lives the whole time. It took three months for Milo to find us again, but he did it alright. He tracked us, he wouldn’t say how, and promised to stick by us no matter what. We needed all the support we could get, especially considering the state of Eurasia and Britain.
The fear and anger from my mere existence had spread out like a ripple in a lake to the rest of the continent and beyond. Britain had pretty much all but declared war on druids before, now they finally had the incentive to go through with it. France, then Germany, then Italy, and onwards all did the same.
Skyport touched down in France and my father was one of the first to walk off. It was as if he’d known I’d be here. Milo was the one to lead him to Aspin and me, as we weren’t able to go out in public. I couldn’t thank him enough for helping us; he’d gotten so good at disguise magic. His new tattoos looked pretty good on him, too.
Seeing my father again after nearly a year brought me to tears, brought him to tears, had us hugging for far too long, so glad that we were both alive and together again that nothing else mattered.
Telling him about Aspin had been my biggest fear leading up to that moment. She was nervous, of course, but somehow I was even more so. I shouldn’t have been. His first reaction when I explained her to him - when I explained myself to him - was to hug us both together. He thanked her for bringing me home, thanked her for making me so happy.
It took all of our seals plus my father’s bargaining skills to procure this ship, but we did it. It was hard when your family was comprised of outlaws to come by any assets honestly. 
The four of us repainted and revamped the whole ship. Aspin, Milo, and I all planned out magical systems that would make flying the ship more efficient and safe. We were able to invent a mechanic, a mixture of heraculum and steam-powered engineering and magic, that steered the ship on its own for a few hours at a time. We even invented a barrier for the balloon portion that prevented it from being overheated, allowing us to utilize fire on board.
It took us a while to decide on the name of the ship, but Aspin made the final call; painted on the hull in bright yellow was Alinora.
Free got used to life in the air, almost enjoying it. He befriended my father fairly quickly, though their relationship was more traditionally pet-and-human. For some reason, that worked well for them. Free liked to curl up on his robust belly and lick his beard clean. It was pretty cute, if not a bit disgusting.
There’s not much else to say. Aspin and I were happy, living in the air and practicing magic together, purchasing scrolls at every opportunity. She got back into alchemy, as much as she could while travelling the world, and I started reading up on mechanical engineering while finding ways to combine it with magic. My father still worked in armour and tailoring and, thanks to our magic, had a fully functioning furnace in his workshop on board. When we lived in Skyport, he had to rent space on land whenever he wanted to work with heat.
It had been hard for him when he first saw my new arm. The thought of me losing it in the first place, he’d told me, was too painful to imagine. I assured him I was fine, though he still seemed a little troubled by it.
It was an interesting life, and I loved living it. I’d even used my newfound knowledge to upgrade my arm, as well as create mechanical armour for other parts of my body. It made working with dangerous tools much easier. Aspin told me all the time how proud she was of me. I told her I was proud of her as well. She was growing into quite an impressive alchemist.
Now and then we’d land near Reves to visit Aspin’s family. Her father had complicated feelings regarding our relationship but he still welcomed me into his home with open arms. Slowly but surely, Aspin was mending their bond and growing close with her siblings once more. Family was a complex but important part of both our lives.
Despite the war and the guilt I felt over it, life had to go on. After all, this was just the way things were here on Earth. I decided not to worry too much over it. There was nothing I could do. 
I knew who I was. I didn’t have to choose a side to discover that. I’m not just a human or a druid or a machine. I’m Leah Tucker.
Is there something I’m forgetting to talk about? Maybe, but… 
	Does it really matter?

The End
