







Devon Thiele
Published by Devon Thiele at Smashwords

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10

Dust to Dust
-Chapter 1-


Have you ever had one of those days where you wake up and just want to bury your head under your pillow and let the world pass you by? But you pull yourself out of bed and decide to give the world a chance? Then the world totally screws you over and you wish you’d followed your instincts and only gotten up to lock your bedroom door? Yeah, I was having one of those days.
It was the small things first. I slept through my alarm clock so I was running late.  Then the hot water clonked out two minutes into my shower.  After speeding to get to school I made it to my high school graduation practice.  In my crappy jeans and a sweatshirt I was dismayed to hear about the class picture.  And don’t even get me started about my hair.
I wasn’t invited to the senior class breakfast at the town’s only restaurant but I was okay with that.  I went home and showered in lukewarm water so I could make my hair presentable.  At least this time I had time to style my hair and do my make-up. 
I took the time to study myself in the mirror.  There were some days I hated my curly, auburn hair.  The curls were tight spirals, perfect finger cages as my best friend Shayla would say.  I just call it auburn because it really has so many colors that I can’t pick just one.  I’ve got some blonde hairs in there, every shade of brown, and I’ve even found a black hair once or twice.  But combined and added to my red undertones, it looks… well, red.  But sometimes it looks brown.  I get the occasional dark brown comment.  And one time a guy I had a crush on told me it looked like unvarnished gold, which was flattering.  Now, looking back on it, I think he was trying to get my answers in geometry.
The make-up highlighted my high cheekbones and strong jaw.  My blue eyes stuck out on my pale ivory face.  My eyes were another odd thing to label.  Yes, they looked blue but the base color was actually grey, then there’s like a large blue starburst that blended in with it.  Then there was another smaller green starburst right around the pupil.  To top it all off, there were tiny gold flecks around the outside.  But it all blended together to look blue.
On my way out I stopped in the kitchen to grab something to eat and to grab a cold can of pop.  Now that I was back on schedule I was cheerful enough to be humming my favorite song of the moment.
All whistling stopped when I saw my car.  “Oh, you’re kidding me,” I grouched at the flat tire.  I wasted fifteen minutes trying to air it up but nada.  That left me with one option.
I went back inside after the spare keys for the piece of crap car I’d just parked for good.  Now my new shiny car was out of commission and I was back to… this.
I sighed and opened the door.  I had no other alternative.  That didn’t make me feel any better in the stifling black interior car.  And the air conditioner hadn’t worked since 1998 so the windows were rolled down.  “I hate this car,” I sang when the radio went out.  It came and went on good days.
After some lovely traffic, and I’m being sarcastic there, I was yet again running late.
I parked my car and sprinted for the building where I was supposed to be taking my Spanish placement test.  I burst through the doors and breathed a sigh of relief.  Everybody was still chatting and the professor was nowhere to be seen.
Suddenly there was a gasp and everyone looked at me.  I was confused but I doubted it was because I looked cute at the moment.  I looked above me and sighed.  I had entered through Door F.  I’d just broken one of the University’s cardinal superstitions by coming in through Door F on a test day.  According to legend, I was now doomed to fail.
I could feel myself reddening as the giggling and chatter started.  I walked down a few rows and sank into the first seat I saw.
“Smooth one, Cortland,” I said to myself quietly.  “Real smooth.”
“Well, I was unsure about sitting next to you since you’re now a bad luck charm,” someone to my right said.  “Now I’m unsure because you talk to yourself.”
“Like I’m the only one who walked in through that stupid door,” I turned towards the voice.  And I immediately wanted to die.  This guy was CUTE.
His hair was a light brown, a little on the long side, but that was okay because it was adorably curly.  His eyes were a light hazel.  “Oh you’re not,” he grinned.  If possible he looked even cuter.  “Why do you think I was sitting alone way back here?”
I glanced around and sure enough, there was at least a five row radius around us.  “That’s so dumb.  Like there’s any actual proof that walking in through that door makes you fail.”
“I totally agree that it’s all about the mindset,” he said.  “But I’ll let you know how I feel after I get my results back.”
“Well, I suck at Spanish so I know I’m failing.”
“Smart girl like you?” he said skeptically.  “You’ll pass with flying colors.”
“Ha. You obviously never met my Spanish teacher.”
“I haven’t even technically met you,” he said, holding out his hand.  “I’m Campbell.” 
“I’m Cortland,” I shook his hand.  “Also known as Clumsy, Cursed, or sometimes Unfriendly.”
“Well, Cursed, here comes the professor, so let’s just see how you do.”
Had I not been sitting next to Cutie Campbell I would have been mumbling negatively under my breath or contemplating pulling out my hair or falling on my pencil.  But since he probably already thought I was a freak I was on my best behavior.  Okay, so my best behavior didn’t include not guessing “C” whenever I was clueless.  Which was a lot of the time.
I was done with my test so I walked up front and handed it in.  I smiled at Campbell as I headed for the door.
I was halfway across the mall when I heard a voice calling my name.  I turned and saw Campbell jogging after me.  “Wait, Cortland, I was wondering, do you want to go out for a cup of coffee or lunch or something?”
I smiled and got that happy feeling.  Someone liked me.  But unfortunately I mean, too bad for Campbell, I already had a boyfriend.  But coffee, that would be harmless.
My phone rang, blasting out TikTok.  I didn’t recognize the number but I knew it was from my hometown.  What the heck.  It would give me a chance to justify going for coffee with Cutie Campbell.  “Hello?” I answered.  Oh, what do you know, it was justified.
“Cortland, this is David, from the store.”
I held back the sigh.  David, my boss.  Calling from a number that was not the store’s.  Ooh.  This meant one thing and one thing only.  “Hi David.”
“Can I get you to come in and work for a few hours until next shift starts?”
“Well, I…” Campbell was standing there patiently.  “I’m at my college.  I just got done with a placement test.” Dang it, I shouldn’t have said that I was done.
“The day checker just went home sick.  I can have someone cover for you for an hour while you’re getting here.  That’s better than having someone work for five.”
I looked at Campbell.  It looked like fate had made the decision for me.  I really didn’t want to go to work but David had been really good about letting me go to the graduation parties.  And I’d called in sick a few weeks ago so I owed the cosmic forces at the store.  “I’ll be there as quick as I can.”
I hung up and looked apologetically at Campbell.  “I have to go.  There’s an emergency at work.”
“Shouldn’t you be in school?”
“No. Our last day was yesterday since we graduate on Sunday.  How long are you here?”
“I’m not sure.  As long as my brother needs to be.”
“Oh, cool.  Well, it’s nice to have someone you know here.”  Unlike me, who was deathly afraid of coming here and not having any friends.
“It would be even nicer to have two someones,” he said.  “So I’ll take a rain check on the coffee and your cell phone number as sort of a consolation prize.”
I laughed.  “I guess that will work.”  I scrounged around in my purse for a piece of paper and a pen.  I wrote my number down and handed it to him.
He took it.  “Now I know who to call and blame when I get my scores back.”
I smiled.  “You walked through the bad door too.”
“Good point.  I’ll be talking to you later, Cortland.”
“Sounds good, Campbell.”
The euphoria of having a guy show interest in me quickly faded once I got to work.  I understand that people may be having bad days so they let a little barb slip into their conversations.  They’re a little rude to make themselves feel a little better.  Whatever.  But it hurts that person.  Just a little but when a bunch of people are rude, it all starts adding up. 
My boyfriend’s grandma came in, that last ten minutes of my shift.  I greeted her warmly because she is a sweet old lady and she adores me.
“Hi honey,” she answered.  “How are you doing?”
“Fine,” I answered.
“I knew you were a strong one.  But still, the way my grandson betrayed you…if you need anything you let me know.”
“Um, okay.”  I was totally confused.
“And that girl is not as pretty as you.  What the boy was thinking I will never know.  Just hold strong, dear.”  Okay, now I was intrigued.
Luckily next shift showed up and I was allowed to leave.  I stepped outside of the store and its vacuum of cell reception and called my best friend, Shayla.
“I have no idea what is going on,” she said.  I could hear lockers slamming shut and loud chatter.  Ugh, school.  “Hang on, there’s Tish.”
Tish is his younger sister.  “You can’t go and ask her because she’ll know you’re asking for me.”
Shay gave a frustrated sigh.  “What am I supposed to do then? Wait. Monty!”
Monty, or Montgomery, is another good friend.  But Shayla and I are inseparable so Monty would cause less suspicion.
I heard Shayla mumble an explanation and Monty say something else.  Then Shayla’s focus was back on me.
By now I was sitting in my car, waiting for things to unfold before I started driving.
“Ok, Monty is approaching the target.  She has engaged the target.  They’re talking… talking…more talking…”
“Shay!” I cut in.  “I don’t need a complete rundown.”
“Sorry.  You know, maybe his grandma is confused.  She is like ninety.”  Typical Shay, trying to make me feel better.
“She’s not even seventy.”
“No way.”
“Yes.”
“She sure ignored her daily skin regimen.”
“What’s going on between Monty and Tish now?” I asked, fidgeting with my keys.  The woven bracelet I wore over my left wrist moved, revealing the tiny tattoo on my wrist.  Fairy wings weren’t really my thing but there it was, in all its blue shimmery-ness.
“I thought you didn’t want a rundown.”
“Shay, don’t screw with me.”
“Okay. Monty is flipping her gorgeous blonde hair like the goddess she is.  Tish seems to be giving some lame excuse about having to leave.  And… here comes Monty.”
“We’re going to kick his ass,” Monty fumed.  “And then we’re going after little miss hare brain over there and we’re going to kick her ass.”
“What’s going on?” I asked.
“Cortland wants to know what’s going on,” Shayla said to Monty.
“Give me the phone.”
“I want to know too.”  I could hear them wrestling over the phone.
“You can hear me as I tell her over the phone, whereas if I tell you, you will have to repeat it to Cortland.”
 I rolled my eyes as the struggling on the other end of the line ceased.  “I hate it when you make sense,” I heard Shayla say.
“Cortland, before I begin, know that we love you and Burke never deserved you.”
“Monty, just get to the point.”
“Tish informed me that her amazing, god’s-gift-to-earth of a brother is engaged to some sweetheart of a southern belle.  And a shotgun wedding is in order.”
“You’re kidding me,” Shayla and I said at the same time.
“How long has he been cheating on me?” I asked.  Right now the pain had me withdrawing, to hide somewhere and lick my wounds.  But once the rage kicked in his ass is grass.
“To quote Tish, when wasn’t he cheating on you?”
I sighed and put my head against the steering wheel.  “What is wrong with me?  All American Mr. Nice Guy cheated on me.  I drove him to cheat.”
Shayla quickly snatched the phone from Monty.  “Oh no, you are not blaming yourself for that douchebag’s choices.”
And the conversation pretty much went downhill from there.  Somehow it progressed so that at nine thirty the three of us, plus our good friend Asher, were in front of a Wal-Mart.  
“Guys, this is a bad idea,” I said.  I was being the voice of reason and for once I was losing.
“No, it is an amazing idea.  We all go in and you and I buy the supplies then leave.  Asher and Monty stay and buy something to provide us with a good enough alibi to satisfy the folks back home.  All while you and I go get him.”
“I don’t want to egg his car,” I protested.
“Yes, you do.”
Okay, she had me there.  “I want to be the bigger person.  I want everyone on my side.  Heck, I’ve got his grandma on my side.   I don’t want…”  At that moment I got a text message.  From Burke.
‘Hey babe. What’s up? I miss you.’
And if that wasn’t enough a split second later my phone beeped again. ‘I love you,’ I read silently.
“Oh, hell no,” I mumbled.
Shayla was staring at me.  “You don’t want to what?” She prompted.
“I don’t want to leave one inch of that car uncovered.”
Three grinning faces turned in my direction.  There was Shayla, with her black, adorable curls and mischievous green eyes.  To go with it was her perfect porcelain skin.  And a wicked sense of humor.
Monty had long golden hair that was naturally wavy.  Add that to her golden skin and legs that were miles long, she always looked fresh off the beach.  The beach of gorgeous blue eyed blondes.
Asher was brought in by Shay’s humor and my sarcasm and stayed for the hope that Monty would one day see him as more than a friend.  Personally I couldn’t see what was taking so long.  Ash was tall and lean, in shape and tan.  With his sandy blonde hair and startling blue eyes, he was freaking cute.  He has six pack abs for god’s sake.  Sometimes I wanted to smack Montgomery and tell her to open her eyes.
Anyway, forty minutes later under the cover of darkness, Shayla and I approached Burke’s unprotected car.
“I feel bad about this now.”
Shayla shot me an annoyed look.  “His car is parked at the curb, away from all streetlights.  He’s practically asking for it. Plus you went all softie on me in the store and made me buy saran wrap.”
“Well, it’s double the pain in the butt minus the peeling off of his paint,” I sniffled righteously.  “Sorry that I’m a nice responsible girl.”
Shayla rolled her eyes and opened up the saran wrap.  “Get on the other side of the car.  We’re going to do this the smart, efficient way.”
Cut to Shay rolling the saran wrap, me picking it up, and then rolling it across the top of his car.  Once the doors were firmly wrapped shut we super glued the end to the plastic and then whipped out the eggs.
“Do you feel better?” Shayla asked once we were back on the interstate, a Ke$ha CD blaring through the stereos.
My cell phone beeped and I flipped it open. ‘What’s up? Still waiting on that coffee.’
A tiny smile played on my lips.  “Yes. I’m feeling much better.”

-Chapter 2-


Okay, so it seems like my day ended on a good note.  It seemed like it until I nailed my head on the car when getting out.  It was probably Karma getting back at me for egging my ex’s car.  I unlocked my front door and turned off the porch light.  Then I stumbled up the stairs and changed into my pajamas.  No sooner did I fall onto my bed and close my eyes than there was a searing pain on my wrist.
“Not now,” I groaned.
There’s something I may have left out when describing myself.  Remember that fairy wing tattoo that just wasn’t my style? Yeah well it was actually to summon me to the secret part of my life.
I reluctantly got to my feet and made my way through the dark to my vanity.  In the reflection of the mirror I could see my silver eyes glowing.  That was a sign that my fairy self was near the surface.
Yes, I did say fairy.
But not like Tinker Bell.  I’m actually more Tink meets Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
I looked crappy in my sweatpants and tank top but I couldn’t care less.  I grabbed my wand, for lack of a better word, and swirled it around.  Suddenly I wasn’t in my dark bedroom; I was in a light, very open room.  Everything sparkled or shone. Cheerfully.  It made me want to hurl.
In Fairy land, or Whisper, I am what they call a Seeker.  Basically my job consists of hunting down monsters in the human world and the fairy.  I’ve been trained since I was six to do this job.  I’m proud to say I’m one of the best.
“It’s good to know you take pride in your appearance,” said a cheerful voice that sounded like a melody.  Puke.
“Maybe if you gave a little notice before flipping on the summons to the highest power, I would have made myself more presentable,” I said sweetly.
The perfect little blonde looked me over.  I felt like a beast around my keeper.  She’s 5’1’’ to my 5’ 7’’. She is dainty and petite where I’m strong.  Her platinum blonde hair and brown doe eyes made her look like a doll.  I hated her.  But for more than her looks.  She is judgmental, harsh, and heartless.  But I’m better.
She eyed me. “No, you wouldn’t have.” 
“Can you just get to whatever was so urgent that you summoned me in the middle of the night?” I suggested not so nicely.
She sighed.  “Since you’re never here, you don’t know much about Whisper’s situation.  The Queen is weakening and the other lines are disagreeing over who should replace her.  She fears it will come to an all-out war.  Already there is a Seeker who has been assassinating all possibilities.  The Queen has decided…” she sighed dramatically, “that you are to be her replacement.”
I burst out laughing.  “That would be believable except I’m like…” carry the six, subtract the four, “twenty seventh in line for the throne.  Now, seriously…” I waited somewhat patiently with a smile on my face.
“You’re the only one she believes can protect yourself and stamp out this little problem.”
“Little?” I repeated.  “I have been trained to kill every creature under the sun, not rule a country full of disgruntled fairies.”
“There’s really nothing you can do about it.  Rule has already been transferred to you.”
I sighed and lowered my head dejectedly.  “Look, when you forced me into training when I was six, I cooperated.  When you told my line that not all of us could resign and turn in our wands, I cooperated.  When you people took my brother when I was eight, I dealt with it.  I have done more than my fair share.  You cannot force this on me.  I didn’t want any of this, let alone the crown.”  
“It’s too late,” she enunciated.  “It’s already been done.”
“Take it back and give it to whoever is number twenty eight.”
“Once the powers are transferred there’s really nothing you can do.  Except…”
Here it comes.  The real reason I was being stuck with the crown.  I refused to be baited.  “If you could take out the Seeker and whoever is ordering her around, you could perhaps convince the next heir to take over.”
“How does one transfer a Queen’s powers?” I asked.  “Theoretically speaking, of course.”  So I could do it immediately and save myself a whole busload of trouble.
“I wouldn’t worry about that.  I would worry about surrounding yourself with some backup you can trust.”
“Since I’m Queen I can restore powers right?”
“Yes.”
“Then I have just the team in mind.”

Part of my job as Seeker was to keep a close eye on all situations that could have an Otherworldly behind it.  There’s been a rash of violent killings about two hours away.  The media was screaming about a serial killer.  The police were baffled.  There was no pattern, no MO. That screams Otherworldly, a collective name for monsters from any of the other realms.
I parked my car two blocks away from the most recent attack.  To track this sneaky devil I needed to track him fairy style.  My glowing silver eyes would be a little conspicuous so I needed to be cautious.
I got out of my car and got myself set up.  I was in black jeans, a black V-neck tee, and black heels that came up to my calf.  In one boot went my wand, which was shrunk to protect it, in the other went a sheathed dagger.  A medium length sword went in a sheath down my back and I put on my black jacket.  If I got caught, they’d probably think I was the killer.
I snuck into the back yard, which was luckily surrounded by a tall wooden fence.  With my keen fairy senses, I hit pay dirt immediately.
Anything not from this realm leaves behind a trail of dust, power dust that can be traced to a specific someone.  This one was big.
I poked around a little more and found a trail that seemed a little fresher.  I followed it.
After being led around a little it led into a house about four blocks over.  Oh, this was not good.  I followed the trail in a circle around the house and discovered an open window.  By now I was completely covered with darkness.  I wouldn’t be seen by anyone or anything unless they were right next to me.  Unfortunately the same could be said of my sighting anything not good lurking around.
Obviously it had gone in through that open window.  I did the same.  I never left windows open anymore, not after seeing some of the nightmares that roamed around.  The teenaged girl I found in that room hadn’t believed in the monsters hiding under your bed, or in your closet, or watching from the darkness outside your window.  And that one had gotten her.
I was horrified by the blood splattered around, the girl’s open eyes, and the loss of someone so young.  I followed the dust trail through the open door.  There was another trail of blood.  I compartmentalized all of this.  Right now I would focus on getting the creature responsible for all of this and later I would deal with my human emotions.
The next body was the father.  His body was sprawled in front of the staircase.  Okay, so he’d gone to his daughter’s room to save her but he’d been unprepared and probably too late anyway.  He’d run here.  Why here?
My gaze went to the top of the stairs, following the dust.  I crept quietly up the stairs.  Thanks to my mad fairy skills not one of them squeaked.  Another blood trail started at the top.  The smell of blood, death, and horror was about to make me ill.  I followed this trail down a hallway that used to have pristine white walls.  It would forever be stained with the dark red handprints and splatters.
This person ended up in the bedroom farthest down the hall.  The mother in this now ruined family.  She was sprawled face down in the middle of the room.  Why had she run here?
I turned in a circle in the room.  The only thing that stuck out to me was the closed door in the back corner.  Well, it had been closed, now it was splintered and basically open.  
I peeked in the doorway and my heart broke.  A little girl, perhaps eight or nine years old, had tried hiding behind the shower curtain.  Now her tiny body was sprawled in the tub, shreds of a bloodied shower curtain around her.
My fairy-self faltered for a second as I was sickened by this little girl’s death and the horror she must have felt those last few moments of her life.  She had hidden here and listened to a nightmare kill her older sister, then her father, then her mother in the very next room.
My senses came back in a flash as there was a strange sound.  I stiffened as I heard it again.  After a quick sweep of the other room I realized that there was nothing dangerous in here.  At the moment.  I listened for it closely the next time.  It sounded like…someone struggling to breathe.
I tucked the wand I’d yanked out of my boot reflexively back and ran for the bathroom.  I leaned over into the bathtub to feel the little girl’s pulse.  It was weak but it was there.
“Hang on, sweetie,” I said.  I wracked my brain for a way to save her.  Obviously the Otherworldly had taken off for parts unknown.  I needed to get this girl to a hospital.  But I didn’t want to move her and make things worse.
There was a low, spine tingling growl from somewhere behind me.  I knew it was spine tingling because it happened to me, right before the hairs on the back of my neck prickled.
I straightened and turned around.  Glowing red eyes gleamed at me from the doorway of the bedroom.  Unless this was a bug-eyed freak monster, this thing was big.
I pulled the dagger out of my boot and tossed it in the general area that I figured the thing was.  Judging by the lack of reaction, I missed.  I used that as a little diversion to get out of the enclosed bathroom.  I kicked up my fairy-ness a notch.  Silver eyes glowing, finger tips tingling with pent up magic, I was in full Seeker mode.
The Otherworldly, sensing a challenge, growled and rushed at me.  Luckily I could see in the dark now.
This thing was huge.  Picture a buffalo sized mangy coyote that was perfectly comfortable running around on all four legs or two.  I say that because it rose to its full height, eight feet I’d guess, and saliva dripped from its mouth.  Apparently it thought I was the next dinner.  There were sharp claws, pointy teeth, and oh, I’d say about 500 pounds gunning for me.  I could definitely outmaneuver it, but it could definitely squish me.
I pulled out my sword just in time for it to rush me.  I managed to avoid impaling myself with the sword but lost my grip as I was slammed into the wall.  The Otherworldly whirled around and slashed at me.  I cried out as it sliced my thigh.  Yeah, the outmaneuvering thing wasn’t working.
It went to ram me again but I dove to the side.  I hit the floor and rolled under the bed.  Maybe it was a stupid Otherworldly and would leave if it couldn’t find me.  
Or it could be really smart and immediately go for the bed.
My dagger? Stuck in the door frame.  Sword? Out of reach.  Well there was one weapon that couldn’t be lost.
The Otherworldly tried swiping at me from the gap between the bed and the floor.  To my shame I squealed before rolling out of reach.  Well, almost out of reach.  It grazed my arm.
It gave up on that and jumped on top of the bed, furiously scratching and growling.  The wooden bed frame was quickly splintering.  Great, I would get impaled and then eaten.
There was now a hole in the mattress.  I was wracking my brain for a way out of this but it’s hard to concentrate when some big creature is breathing on you with hot stinky breath and drool is dripping in your face.  I couldn’t reach my wand so any magic I did would not be controlled.  But in this case that might work for me.
I waved my hands around a little to gather the power and then released it upwards with a push of my hand.  The bed frame shattered upwards, a piece of it embedding itself in the Otherworldly’s chest.  I scrunched my eyes shut as blood poured out of the wound.  The Otherworldly struggled to get at me weakly then finally stopped moving.
“Sick,” I muttered, rolling out from under the bed.
In normal mode I picked up my sword and pried my dagger out of the doorframe.  I checked back on the little girl.  She was still breathing.  I quickly went downstairs to find a phone that couldn’t be traced back to me.  I found one and quickly snooped through some drawers to find mail to get the address.  I called 9-1-1 and pretended to be a teen girl freaking out.  I managed to tell them there were people dead and the little girl upstairs was barely breathing, told them the address, and hung up.  Then I wiped down everything I might have touched.  I slipped out the back door as sirens could be faintly heard.
The sound of sirens split the night as the blue and red lights flew past me.  I huddled in my jacket down the block, ignoring the pain in my arm and leg.  I needed to know that the little girl would be safe.  I’d broken one of the golden rules, I’d let this get personal.
The two police cars had screeched to a halt and parked haphazardly in the driveway.  Several officers went into the house, guns drawn.  I waited impatiently as the ambulance parked at the curb.  Two medics got out.
I was still waiting when a medical examiner’s van pulled up.  Crime scene tape was now up, keeping the nosy neighbors at bay.  The paramedics had gone in a while ago; hopefully they were keeping the little girl alive.
I was at the back of the crowd of neighbors when I heard the front hush.  I craned my neck and saw that they were bringing out a body bag.  A few minutes later another followed.  Now the whispers and speculating was starting.  Eventually someone would realize I wasn’t a neighbor and that I was bleeding.  A third body bag was wheeled out.  Okay, any time now they would be bringing out the little girl.
I saw the paramedics coming out of the doorway, wheeling a gurney.  I hung back, wanting to see her one last time.  Then I saw that the sheet was pulled up over her little face.
I turned away, my heart crashing to the ground.  I quickly headed for my car.  I held myself together until I closed the car door after me.  “Goddammit,” I whispered, hitting my steering wheel.  “Dammit!” I shrieked, hitting it harder.
The ambulance glided past my car, lights and sirens off, because there was no rush.  I hit my wheel one more time before slumping over it and crying my eyes out.
I woke up the next morning, feeling sore.  I stumbled to the mirror and groaned.  Not only did my hair look like nightmare but I was bruised all over my back.  Then there were the cuts on my left arm and leg.  “Perfect,” I mumbled.  These were the finishing touches to my graduation dress.  Thank goodness for those hideous yellow robes that would hide the bruises until they super-healed.
I changed the bandages on my cuts after I showered, and then began doing my hair and make-up as best I could.  Nothing looks good with yellow and me so it was fairly hopeless.
I grabbed my white heels and went downstairs.
“Hi Mom, hi Dad.  Bye Mom, bye Dad.”
“Wait,” my dad stopped me.  “You need to eat something so you don’t pass out when they hand you your diploma.”
“Dad,” I whined, taking a seat at the table.  “I’m not hungry.”
He pushed a piece of toast at me.  “Eat.”
I took a bite.  “Happy?” I asked.
“My daughter is now the queen of Whisper.  I’m not happy at all.”
Yes, my parents knew about Whisper.  They’d actually been inhabitants once upon a time.  But everyone gets a chance to decide whether to keep their powers and live where ever or give up their powers and live in the mortal realm.  Both of my parents had gone mortal.  But the fairy DNA was still present.  My older sister was totally mortal but my older brother had been a Guardian.  He’d been taken when he was ten and I was eight.  Apparently Seekers and Guardians couldn’t train in the same household.
“I’m not going to be Queen for long,” I said reassuringly.  “And I think I can swing it so that it ends positively.  While I’m Queen, not only am I going to find Ethan but I am going to change the stupid bylaw that says at least one person from each line must keep their powers.  I win.”  I took another bite of toast.
“Cortland, you’ve got assassins after you.”
“I can take them,” I said confidently.  “Plus I had some powers temporarily reinstated.”
My mom sat her cup of coffee down with a thump.  “You didn’t.”
“I am sure that Monty, Shay, Ash, and Kendall will understand. Okay, Kendall won’t understand.  But once I explain the situation and tell them how much I need them, they’ll at least cooperate.”  I took another bite of toast.  “And if that doesn’t work I’ll guilt them about me being the one to take the fall by keeping the powers.”
My mom’s mouth dropped open again.  “That’s horrible.”
My dad just flipped open his paper again.  “What were those people thinking when they made your daughter queen of the realm?”
“Oh, now she’s my daughter?  When she’s being crowned Homecoming Queen or giving a speech at National Honor Society, she’s yours, but when she’s blackmailing her friends…”
I looked at my phone.  “Oh.  Got to go.”
“Wait.” This time it was Mom that stopped me.
I sighed and turned around.  “What now?”
“Cap and gown?”
“In my car.”
“Stole?”
“School.”
“Bobby pins?”
“In my purse.  I thought this through, Mom.”
“Really?  How are you going to explain the bandages wrapped around your arm?”
“Umm…”
“Blue jean jacket, hanging on the front door.”
“Thank you, Mom.  Love you.”
“There are extra bandages on there too.  Blood will show on that cute white sundress.”
I rolled my eyes.  She really did think of everything.  Maybe I should have asked her how to tell my best friends I’d re-gifted their powers to them and how to avoid them until I figured out what to say.
The senior class crowded into the auditorium to wait for our cues.  Well, crowding wasn’t really involved since there were only 38 of us.  But it felt crowded when you’re trying to avoid two of the people in the room with you.
I chatted in the auditorium for about an hour.  The bandages on my leg were itchy so I decided to go change them so I wouldn’t fidget through the entire ceremony.
I hung my robe on the door of the stall and hiked up my skirt.  It took some talent but I finally got it rewrapped.
My senses started tingling as I was putting on the finishing touches on the bandages.  There had been some chatter but now it was completely silent.  I flinched when I heard the clicking of heels against the floor.  I was pretty sure I knew who belonged to those strappy black heels that were too high to be sensible.  I was wearing them in white.
“Cortland, you can come out.  I know it’s you.”
I made sure that my skirt was fixed before I stepped out, robe slung over my arm.  “Hey, Kendall.  What’s up?”
“Would you mind telling me why this pain in the ass is back?” Kendall showed me the fairy wing tattoo on her wrist, identical to mine.  It was even less her style than it was mine.  
“Well, I’m no doctor, but if something on your wrist is causing a pain in your ass, you might want that checked.”  I tried to get past her.  Kendall sidestepped and blocked me.
Kendall crossed her arms and glared.  The only thing we had in common was the dark shades of our hair.  Where mine had red throughout, hers was a dark brown, almost black.  Her hair was perfectly straight, falling to her shoulder blades.  Angled bangs really emphasized her big brown eyes that were perfectly made up.  With her tan skin she was the only one who could pull off these hideous yellow robes.
“No, Cort, what I need checked is why it is back.  It was gone.”
“And now it’s back?” I said innocently.  “Huh.  That is really weird.  I have no idea…”
“Cut the crap,” Kendall interrupted.  “I know you have something to do with it.”
I weighed my options.  Kendall was the hardest out of the group.  She was edgy, she was tough, and she wouldn’t fall for the guilt trip.  She was also persistent so she probably wouldn’t let me out of this bathroom until I told her the truth.
I sighed and quickly explained the situation.
“So they make you Queen and the first thing you do is drag us down with you?” Kendall exclaimed angrily.  “What a great friend.”
“No, they forced me to be Queen and I needed backup that I could trust so I can take out this rebel group.”
“Or the rebels take you out and then go after your closest friends.”
“Kendall, it was kind of sudden and I had no idea what to do.”
“Here’s a thought, think things through before signing your friend’s death warrants.” Kendall turned to storm out.
I sidestepped around her and it was my turn to cross my arms and block.  “First of all, my life expectancy as a Seeker wasn’t too great but I never get any concern from you guys.  And, I already made a ruling that if I die you guys are exempt from Whisper and can turn in your powers whenever you want.”  Then I stormed out.
It’s hard to avoid someone when you’re walking in together since your last names follow each other alphabetically.
I didn’t even look in Kendall’s direction.  I was more focused on the nervous butterflies in my stomach.  There were the kids that I’d grown up with.  We’d argued like siblings and helped each other out.  We knew each other’s secrets and dreams.  Yeah, at times we didn’t get along.  But we always cheered, we always supported, we always cared.  I was going to miss them.
The song started.  Every pair paused in the doorway for pictures for the yearbook.  Kendall and I were second to last.
“Cort, when are you going to tell the others?”  Kendall asked quietly.
“I’m sure they’ve noticed that their marks are back.  Maybe I could just send a text and then…”  I broke off at Kendall’s look of disapproval.  “Fine.  I’ll tell them tonight.”
“Good plan.”  Kendall glanced at me from the corner of her eyes.  “Why are you fidgeting?”
“Because I’m nervous.  And this is a big step,” I snapped defensively.
“Oh look.”  Kendall and I could see into the packed gymnasium.  Graduation is the event of the season.  “There’s your ex and his baby mama.”
I raised my chin and refused to look.  “That was very nice of you, Kendall.”
“As you will recall, I never liked that d-bag.  I’ve been predicting heartbreak from the get-go.”
“I just can’t believe he’d do-“
“You on breaks and her every day in between?” She said frankly.
I was shocked but it was so funny I laughed.  “Oh, I have missed you.”
Kendall and I stepped into the doorway and the cameras rose.  We were the belles of the senior class.  I’d been Homecoming Queen and she’d won that honor at prom.  I was head cheerleader at the sports she excelled at.  I rocked out in band and choir and in the plays and Kendall rocked out in art.  I smiled while checking out your groceries and Kendall smiled while finding your filled prescriptions.  The town knew us and they mostly loved us.
Kendall and I tipped our heads towards each other and smiled brightly. Click.  And there was a keeper for the yearbook.
After an extremely boring ceremony I finally had that diploma in hand, I waited, still numb, at the end of the cafeteria.  My dad was the first to spot me, since he was the tallest.  “Hey, kiddo.  We’re so proud of you.”
“I didn’t trip or knock anyone over,” I said.  “And I didn’t drop my diploma.”
“Did they sign it?” Dad asked.
“Yes,” I wrinkled my nose at him.  That had been the first thing I’d checked.  Well, that and to make sure it said my name on the front.  We’d been warned to check that.
Mom whipped out the camera and started taking pictures.  Kendall’s parents were next to us, doing the same.  Then they had the brilliant idea to take photos of the two of us.  Then Monty and Shay walked by, trying to leave, when they got pulled in too.  Ash was hunted down and added.
I felt trapped.  Shayla and Montgomery knew.  They were ticked.  They were ticked at me.  Oh, if the rebel assassins didn’t kill me, the four smiling faces around me would.
“Oh come on, guys,” my dad called, grinning widely.  “Get a little closer.”
Monty and Shay, on either side of me, each put an arm around my waist.  I plastered a smile on my face.  As pictures were snapped their grips slowly got tighter.  “Ow, guys, that hurts,” I said, not losing the smile.
When their iron grips didn’t slacken their hold, I snapped at the cameras.  “I think we’ve got enough pictures.”
“Yeah.  We’ve got grad parties to go to.”  Monty smiled dangerously at me.  Clearly the grad parties were not first on her list.  But torturing me probably was.
Uh oh.  “You know, mom, I think you should take some pictures of me around the school.  For memories.  And I’ll just catch up with you guys later.”  Much later, I thought as I took in the daggers shooting from their eyes as I stood between my parents.
Dad pursed his lips thoughtfully.  “No, I think we’ve got enough pictures.  Go, kiddo, have fun.”
“Whose side are you on?” I hissed at him.
He just arched his brow.  “You need to answer for your actions.”
There was no way to get out of this one.  I was totally screwed.
In the midst of my panicking and looking for an escape route I caught a glimpse of someone I did not think I’d be seeing.  “Campbell,” I said happily.
He caught me looking and waved, then politely shoved through the crowd.  “Congrats, Cortland,” he greeted me, wrapping me in a hug.  “I hope you don’t mind me showing up here but you texted me that you were graduating today and I wanted to see if I could get that coffee.”
I could feel some glares pointed at me.  Shay was going to make this horrible later.  “No, I don’t mind,” I said.  “But you’re going to have to settle for punch and homemade mints in purple and gold.”
“I’m okay with that,” he smiled.
Mom smoothly dove in.  “So, Cort, who is this?”
“Oh right.  Mom, Dad, this is Campbell.  He sat next to me during the Spanish placement test that I failed.  Campbell, meet my parents, Shayla, Montgomery, Kendall, Asher, and their parents.”
Everyone mumbled greetings.  Campbell nodded and stuck his hands in his pockets.
“So what’s the schedule for today?” my dad asked.  “So I know where to direct the search parties.”  He made it sound like he was joking but Shay and Monty and especially Kendall could be quite evil.
“Just making the rounds,” Shayla smiled sweetly.
“Don’t worry, Daddy, I will text you every half hour.”  Monty smiled and rolled her pretty eyes.  Make that a phone call to Dad every fifteen minutes.
“So, Cam, ready to go?” I nudged him with my elbow.  Hopefully I could make the rounds and avoid the Cortland-haters.
“Yeah, ready when you are.”
“I’ll ride with you guys,” Shayla volunteered.
I smiled at her and waved at my parents.  Shayla was going so I wouldn’t escape.  She would keep tabs on me and keep Kendall, Ash, and Monty informed of my whereabouts.  I was going to be hunted down like a rabid dog.
Shayla settled in my backseat as I tossed in my diploma.  I went to get in the driver’s seat and she eyed me.  “Are you going to take off that hideous robe that makes you look like a giant glob of mustard?”
Campbell leaned in the passenger seat to survey me better.  “I don’t know… with the cap she looks like a hunk of cheese.”
I reddened a little and unzipped my robe.  I tossed it in the backseat and started to pull out the bobby pins holding my cap in place.  “Do I have cap hair?”  I asked as I slid in.  Ah, the joys of curly hair.
“Just fluff it a little,” Shayla advised.   “It kind of flattened a little on top.”
I pulled down the visor and flipped open my mirror and fluffed.  “So Shayla…” Campbell began.  “You have a pretty unusual name.”
“Says the one named after a can of soup,” Shayla shot back rudely.  She was taking out her anger towards me on him.  I narrowed my eyes at her via the rearview mirror as I started the car.
“Parents are weird,” he said easily.  “They named my older brother Cael.  And their names start with a ‘C’ so the pattern had to continue.”
“How long does your brother have to stay?” I asked, joining the stream of cars heading for the exit.
“I don’t know.  He’s being very vague about it.”
I finally got on the highway.  “Okay, Shay.  What parties do we have today?”
She ran off the list and their attributes.  “I just want cake.  So let’s do this the easy way,” I mused.  “If we go to Ty’s, we can hit the three on the way in and then the ones in town are within three blocks of each other.”
I parked at the end of a long driveway which was as close as possible with all the cars that had beaten me here.  “Geez,” Campbell said.
“This is the social event of the year,” I said to him.  “It’s like summer in the Hamptons.”

Hours later I was waving at Campbell as he left.  “Ugh, I think I overdosed on sugar.”
“Maybe if you’d said no to some of those homemade mints,” Shayla suggested.  “So… got any plans tonight?” she leaned against her car.
“I actually have to go do some Otherworldly hunting.  But I’ll call you later.”  Or never.  Whichever comes last.   I hopped in my car and locked the door, barely rolling my window down.
“We’re going to catch you and make you talk eventually,” Shayla said.  “We know you know something.”
I waved at her and put it in drive.  “Ugh,” I groaned as I pulled out of the parking lot again.  “I really don’t want to talk to them.”  But I knew I had to.
I parked my car in front of the house and went around back.  Mom hated having my Seeker gear in the house so I was forced to keep it in this old barn.  Since it was empty and spacious I also used it for training.
I perused my gear, mentally taking inventory since I was Queen now and they did that sort of stuff.  I needed to be prepared.  I pulled a map out of a drawer and spread it out on a rickety wooden table.  With a quick focusing job my Seeker vision came about and I looked at the map that I’d long ago charmed to show Whisper dust.  Only high levels that indicate something big.
“Hmm…which one, which one,” I mused out loud.  I closed my eyes and randomly picked one.  That’ll do it.  Then I studied the map closer.  That dot was me.  That dot was too close to me for comfort.  It was probably Kendall coming to kick my butt.  I still had time.  I could get away.
I shook off the Seeker vision and went into the little tack room turned dagger storage.
I was humming cheerily when I stepped into the doorway again to go into the main room.  Then a small board smashed me in the face.  I was stunned for a second and that allowed the Board Swinger to shove me in the tack room, turn off the lights, and slam the door shut.
“Ow,” I moaned, tilting my head back to stop the blood gushing out of my nose.  There went my white sundress.
I crawled across the floor and pulled myself up at the door.  I tried the handle.  Nothing.  I tried pushing it open.  It didn’t budge at all.  “This is just great.”
Ignoring the twinges of my surely broken nose I slipped into Seeker senses so I could see in the pitch black room.  And so I could be prepared if whatever had disfigured my face with that board came back.  
I rubbed my hands together.  I could totally do this.  I was the Queen now.  I didn’t need my wand to unlock a door.  I had fairy power out the wazoo.  
I focused and did what I would normally do with a wand only with my bare hands.  The tack room door exploded outwards, shattering into a million tiny pieces.
I stepped through.  “Oops.”
“I think that was a little much, don’t you?” came Monty’s clear voice.
I turned towards her.  Ash, Kendall, and Shay were beside her.  Their eyes widened at the blood stain down the front of my dress.  “Like whacking me in the face with a two-by-four and then locking me in the tack room wasn’t?”
“We wouldn’t nail you in the face with a board,” Shayla said.  “Where’s the first aid?”
“Same place as always,” I waved my hand in the general direction.
Asher led me to a seat.  “There’s blood running down your hand.”
I thought back.  “I probably reopened my fight scratch when I was shoved to the floor.”
“Dammit, Cort, you need to take better care of yourself.”
“I’ve been doing pretty well for the past eighteen years,” I snapped.
Shayla was back with the first aid.  You wouldn’t think that we’d get hurt in training but at times we’d managed to.  And even with our super healing gauze was a must.
“I can do this myself,” I said, snatching away the wipe that she was using to wipe the blood off my chin.
Kendall and Monty were back from investigating.  “Enjoy the attention,” Kendall said.  “Now explain why someone trashed our good weapons.”

-Chapter 3-


Cut to me in some back alley an hour and a half later.  I’d changed into my butt-kicking skinny jeans, my favorite heels, and a black shirt that was angled at the bottom and hung off one shoulder.  So I didn’t show too much skin I had on a red tank top underneath it.  I was on my cell phone so Monty could give me directions to the dust trail I was tracking.  This was one of three that were close enough to have beaten me with a board.
“You’re getting closer,” Monty said.  I could hear the map being shuffled around.  “Yeah, closer.”
“You’ve been saying that for the past hour,” I said peevishly.
“Maybe I was referring to your proximity to my last nerve.”
“Oh, good one,” I said sarcastically.  But really, that was a good one.
“Take a right in like ten feet,” Monty ordered.
“What are you eating?” I asked, my own stomach growling to remind me that I hadn’t eaten since the mints.  It was now ten thirty at night and I was starving.
“Mint chocolate chip ice cream,” Monty answered.  “Your mom offered it.”
I bit back the sigh.  I’d been looking forward to that ice cream.  But now I was looking down the next alley I was supposed to be going down.  If possible it was worse than this one.  At least from here I could see the streetlights.  This new one was a dead end.  Dumpsters lined the sides, trash spilling over everywhere.  Plenty of shadows.  An army could be hidden back there.  “I don’t like this,” I said, mostly to myself.
“What?” Monty asked.
“I smell a trap.”  And old puke but that didn’t matter.  “There’s only one dust trail here right?”  I kept a wary eye on my surroundings.
“Yeah, about ten feet ahead of you, to your left.”
“Stay on the phone with me,” I ordered, kicking on my Seeker senses. 
Monty stayed silent.  The only sound in this dark alley was my heels on the cement and rats scurrying around in the garbage.  Faintly I could hear traffic.  I was only about six blocks away from my future college.  Mental note to avoid this alley in the future.
At Monty’s heads up I paused in front of a door.  I could hear the sounds of music and chatter.  A bar? What kind of Otherworldly goes into a bar?  Human-looking ones.  This had to be who had attacked me.
I quickly relayed the message to Monty.  “I’m going to poke around this alley and see if I can set up an ambush,” I told her.
“What if it goes out the front?”
“Then I follow.  I just want to give this a shot.”
I was ten feet away from the door when I heard it open.  I quickly let my eyes fade from the glowing silver to normal.  “Um, Cort,” Monty said.
“What?”
“It’s behind you.”
I turned quickly.  A super cute guy was looking back at me, curiously.  Okay, so Seeker assassin was out but maybe this was her Guardian pal.  I’ve always been a sucker for the eyes and I found myself really liking this guy’s grey ones.  From this distance they reminded me of rainy skies.  He had dark brown hair that was spiked up at the moment but could also be smoothed down.  His face was tan, chiseled, and strong, which totally matched the rest of his muscular body.  I was betting he had nice six pack abs.  I shook my head to lose those thoughts.  I was here to seek revenge for my face, not get a date.
Okay, so Guardian guy was going to be strong and probably fast.  He had about three inches on me.  That meant he’d have reach on me.  I was so going to get my butt handed to me.  But I’m always up to a challenge.
“Call you back in…” I looked him over again, “fifteen minutes tops, Mon.”  I hung up before she could say anything.
I was ducking to save my face before I could even put my phone in my pocket.  And it wasn’t even because my jeans are so tight it’s hard to use the pockets.  No, this guy threw himself at me that quickly.
I dodged another punch and aimed one at his face.  He ducked and aimed one at me.  I didn’t duck.  Okay, now I was ticked.
I threw him off when I just tackled him.  Girls don’t normally use that move.
I pummeled him in the face a couple of times before he realized that I only weigh 106 pounds and then rolled.  He had a grip on my upper arms and I had a grip on his so neither of us could really hit.  Pretty much we were just rolling around in the garbage.
His eyes were glowing gold and he looked super ticked.  Mine were glowing too, just waiting to unleash some power on him.
He overpowered me and had me pinned.  I struggled to knee him in the gut but I was pinned well.  I couldn’t budge more than an inch.
In the back of my mind I registered that my phone was ringing over and over.  “Who sent you?” he demanded.
“The Queen of Sheba,” I said sarcastically.  My mind was racing.  He had the upper hand and, as much as it pained me to say it, I couldn’t take him on alone.  I needed to distract him and blow this popsicle stand.
“Funny,” he said sarcastically.  “I guess that means you’re coming with me.”
Oh shit.  “Only if you let me see your six pack,” I said, batting my eyes coyly.
The gold eyes flickered for a second.  Ha! I quickly head-butted him, aiming for his vulnerable nose.  Payback for the board.  Then he was distracted enough for me to knee him in the gut and push him in a pile of garbage.  
My phone was still ringing so I lunged for it and answered, scrambling to get to my feet. “What?”
“Cort, there’s two.”  Monty sounded a little panicked.
“What?” SHIT.
Then I was tackled at the knees.  My phone went flying. My face hit the pavement with a crunch.  Now I didn’t have to worry about my nose being pointed to the left because that little face plant had broken it back into place.  
I didn’t know if this was the new one or if Six Pack had picked himself out of the garbage but I knew I needed to get out before both of them were functioning.  I tried to fight back but I was being firmly held into the pavement.
“Cael, are you okay?”
I froze, my face still in the pavement.  Wait.  That voice sounded familiar.  And Cael was an unusual name.  “Campbell?”  I tried to twist around to see if my hunch was correct.
“Jesus, Cortland?”
“The one and only.”  I tried to smile but that hurts when your face is being pressed into the cement.
Campbell got off me and I could hear my spine pop back into place.
“Campbell, what are you doing?” Cael was up and fighting mad.  “When you’ve got the upper hand you don’t just relinquish it.  She fights dirty.”
“Thank you,” I said, picking up my phone.  Still unbroken.  There were some new scratches but those I could deal with.  I texted Monty the code word for ‘okay for now’ and ‘call you later.’ Probably these code words were unnecessary but they were fun.  ‘Unicorn Sparkles,’ and now Monty could relax.  “My dad will be so proud.”
“Cam, seriously,” Cael blustered.
“Cael, this is that girl from school.”
“Just because she goes to your school doesn’t meant she isn’t some Seeker assassin sent to kill you.”
I burst out laughing.  I couldn’t help it, really.  But I stopped quickly because it hurt.  “Do I look like a Seeker assassin?”  I wiped away the trickle of blood dripping from my nose.
“Obviously,” Cael glared.  Obviously Cam’s stories about the fun-hater weren’t exaggerations.  
“You kind of do,” Cam said to me.  He was standing in front of me.  I was protected from his older brother and his brother was protected from me.
I looked down at my now garbage ridden outfit.  “Do not.”
“Not the point.  What are you doing here?” Cam asked.
“Hunting whatever came after me earlier this evening,” I answered.  “And it led me to your brother.”
“Well then your navigator is pretty stupid because I have not tried to assassinate anyone tonight.  I’ve been looking for stupid here since we’re supposed to be on the lookout for people sent after us.”
“Why would assassins be after you?” I asked.  I knew why they were after me and it was a pretty good reason.  Assassins don’t go after everyone.
“We’re 28th and 29th in line for the throne.  The people ahead of us are dropping like flies.  Why are they after you?”
“I’m 27th.”  Actually, I am the throne, but hey, they didn’t need to know that.
“Wait,” Cam turned to me.  “I heard lucky 27 got the throne.  Does that mean-“
“Where’d you hear this?” Cael asked.
Yeah, I chimed in silently.  Where did you hear this?
“No I think lucky 26 got it,” I lied easily.  “Now I’ve got to get home.  You know how to reach me.”  
I raised my chin and proudly passed by Campbell and Cael.  Ow, ow, ow.  Once I was out of the alley I let the pained look show on my face.  “Ow, ow, ow…”

“Ow! Godda-“I bit off the rest of the swearing.  I was royalty now so I should probably cut back on the profanity.  “You stupid horse.”
The stupid horse in question looked at me.  After getting less than five hours of sleep my dad had woken me up at five to tell me that him and mom were going to a hide out with the rest of the parents.  Since they were ex-fairies and had no powers they were a liability if the fight was brought to us.  As were the animals.  My job was to take all the horses to Kendall’s.
I was still in my sweatpants with a zip-up sweatshirt on since today was cold and rainy.  Plus I only had a sports bra on under this. I’d just stuffed my barefeet into my cowboy boots and my hair looked a fright.  But Kendall was the only one who would see me like this and at six in the morning she would look no better.
“Look, stupid,” I began in a singsong voice.  “Just get on the trailer.  You are the last one that has to go over.  You are the only thing standing between me and my bed and a shower.”  Hoping my speech had persuaded him to get on the trailer, I gave it a go again.
The horse reared back a little.  “Seriously?” I asked, losing my patience.  “The trailer isn’t going to eat you.”
I tried putting more steady pressure on the rope.  The horse was having none of it.
Finally the horse lost patience with me and realized he weighed about eleven times more than me.  He reared back and tried to rip the rope from my grasp.  Obviously I didn’t want him to get loose so I tried not to let go.  I got dragged through half of the garden before I realized I would get hurt if I didn’t let go.
My hand was stinging as I pushed myself to my feet.  I looked down at it.  I had a few raw, oozing blisters and a place where the rope had sliced the skin and I was bleeding.  “You-“ Screw it.  Not swearing could start tomorrow.  And then I let loose with a stream of cussing that would have made my parents cry.  
“My, my, is the Queen allowed to speak like that?”
I turned and immediately wished a hole would swallow me.  “What are you two doing here?”
“Laughing mostly,” Campbell answered.  Cael was mostly glowering.  “Nice outfit.”
I glared at him and turned to track the horse.  The horse hadn’t gone far.  Shaking my still burning hand I advanced on him.  The stupid thing was so focused on eating that he didn’t even move away, making it easier for me to grab the rope that was dragging on the ground.
“So help me god, if you do not get on that trailer…” Queen of the empty threat.  But it worked.  He walked right on.
“Listen I’ve got to take this piece of crap to a friend’s house,” I explained to the boys as I shut and secured the trailer door.  “You can stay here or you can come along.”  I wouldn’t be gone long enough for them to do hardcore snooping.
I could tell Cael wanted to stay and poke around.  But I could be trapping him.  And he knew that I knew what he was thinking.  “We’ll go,” he answered.
“So what’s up with the rogue horse?” Campbell asked.  He slid over to the middle of the three seater truck.  His long legs were going to make it hard to shift gears.  
“I’m battening down the hatches,” I answered.
Kendall’s house was only ten minutes away.  Thank god.  I have never sat through so awkward a car ride.  I pulled the truck into the bumpy driveway.
“Make sure you hit every bump,” Cael said.  “And on the way back I saw a couple that you missed.  They shouldn’t be left out.”
I threw the truck into park and glared at him while he and Campbell jerked forward.  “Listen, Cupcake, this is not the morning to be pissy with me.  If your little attitude is going to continue I suggest you not get out of the truck because Kendall will literally kill you.”
Kendall literally almost killed me when she saw the two very cute boys sitting in my truck.  “Honestly, Cort, a warning would be nice.  I look like crap.”  She gestured at her running shorts, sweatshirt, and cowboy boots.  “And my hair is a mess.”
I paused in the middle of unlatching the trailer gate.  “Yes, your perfectly straight hair is hardly presentable.  Where does that leave mine?”  It left mine in a ponytail, that’s where.  But even elastic can’t hold my hair.  Little curls were springing out everywhere because of the moisture in the air.
I unlatched the gate and quickly snapped the lead rope onto the halter.  “Please tell me this is the last one,” Kendall said.  “I need to sleep.”
“Oh, me too,” I said, nimbly avoiding having the stupid horse step of the back of my heel.  He does it on purpose, I swear.  “And this last pain in my wazoo is it.”
“How are you supposed to sleep with two relatively unknown people in your house?”
It was a good question.  And the answer was, quite nicely.
I unlocked the front door and headed for the stairs.  “TV, kitchen, bathroom,” I said, pointing.  “If you need me I’ll be upstairs, sleeping.”  With my bedroom door locked and blocked.
I woke up a good three hours later, stretching.  What was I forgetting?  Oh, yeah, I had guests.  But it’s not like they could get into trouble.
As if I jinxed myself there were some loud yells and thumps and then a crash.  “What the-?” I rolled off my bed.
I opened my door and sprinted down the hallway and almost knocked Shayla down as she was running up.
I grabbed her by the arms.  “Are you okay?” we asked simultaneously.  “What’s going on?”
“I was just sleeping,” I explained.
“I just came because my house is lonely,” she said at the same time.
“And I was super tired to I’ve been in my room for like-“
“And I knock on the door and no one answers so I got the spare key-“
“And I left Campbell and Cael downstairs to amuse themselves-“
“And I walk in and there’s some strange guy poking around in your cabinets so I disabled him and came looking for you.”
“What?” We asked at the same time.
“Oh, shit, which one did you take out?” I asked, heading down the stairs.
“Well, I know what Cam looks like.  And if I saw him here I’d just figure…”
I cut her off with a scowl over my shoulder.  “Cael is going to throw a bitch fit.”
“Thinking back on it, he was getting a plate out.  What kind of assassin checks out the glassware?  And he’s kind of cute…”
“Shay,” I said rudely.
“What? You’re single.  He’s cute.  Whatcha waiting for?”
I turned the corner into the kitchen and flinched.  “Cael.  Are you okay?”
He was sitting up, shards of glass all around him.  There was this dazed look on his face.  “Now where did she learn to fight dirty?”  I knelt next to him, checking for blood.
I looked over my shoulder at Shayla, who shrugged, basically saying, ‘my daddy taught me, who else?’  Campbell appeared in the doorway, out of breath.  “Cael, I didn’t see the assassin or Cort…hello.  Shay, what are you doing here?”
“I attacked you brother because I thought he was an assassin,” Shay said sheepishly.  “And I am really sorry about that,” she directed at Cael.
“I probably would have done the same thing.”
He made motions to get up.  “Here, let me give you a hand,” I offered.  “I don’t want you to cut your hand on the glass.”  It was the least I could do since he’d sent Campbell to save me.
He looked at my offered hand like it was a poisonous reptile.  “I think you’re a little tiny to be helping anyone up.”
I rolled my eyes and grabbed his hands.  I held back the “oomph,” as I pulled him to his feet.  “I am not tiny.  I’m just right.  And we prefer the term petite.”
Cael looked down at me.  In my bare feet he had about five or six inches on me.  “I get the feeling that you’re just right for a lot of things.”
I was fidgeting because Cael was super cute and he was super close at the moment.  And was I the only one who caught the secret meaning to his last comment? Probably but the thought was still there.  Cael looked down.  “You probably shouldn’t be standing in the glass area with your bare feet.”  He grabbed me by the tops of my arms and lifted me up, sitting me down out of distance.
“I find this highly offensive,” I said to him as I was carried across the kitchen, about level with his face.
“I told you that you were tiny.”
“Kicked your butt, didn’t I?” I called as I went to find shoes and a broom.  “And if my mom asks, an assassin broke that plate.”
“Those damn assassins,” Shayla said.  I sent her a smile.  
“I think I kicked your butt,” Cael disagreed, trying to take the broom.
“I got it,” I said, sweeping the glass into a pile.  “As you will recall, you were the one rolling around in the garbage, groaning.”
The door was knocked on.  “Got it,” Cael said, heading towards it.  I was kneeling, sweeping the glass into the dust pan, listening as the door opened.
I flinched when I heard the sound of something heavy hitting the wall and another something breaking.
“Who the hell are you?” I heard Monty demand.  I shook my head.  She’d been waiting for a chance to use that move again.
I quietly crept out to stand apologetically over Cael.  He looked up at me, looking at the broken lamp.  “Those damn assassins.”

An hour later all of us were seated around my kitchen table.  And by all, I meant my extremely small army.  All of us were silent.  Cael was warily watching my friends, like any one of them would start pummeling him.
By now I was showered and looked human.  But sitting between Kendall and Shay had me feeling plain.  Maybe my self-esteem issues were what led to my Seeker outfits.  Hmm.  I would psychoanalyze later.
“Well, here we are,” I began brightly.  Everyone glared at me.  It was clear who they blamed for being here.  “So…”
“I don’t know this whole story,” Cael said.  “And I’m not sure how reliable Cam’s sources are.”
I explained the whole situation.  “So all you have to do is get rid of the rebels, give your powers back, and you’re done.”
And find my long lost brother and get rid of all the unwanted powers around this table but… “Basically yeah.”
“I still don’t get why they chose you,” Campbell said.  “You’re twenty seventh.  I’m sure there was someone closer to the throne that has, gee, armies and defenses.”
I shrugged.  “I think the Queen skipped over the pansy nobility and handed it off to the closest Seeker.  I have nothing tying me down and can defend myself.”
“I still don’t like it,” Cael said.
“Yeah, something does seem hinky,” Kendall said.
“Great, now you speak up,” I said.
“Well, it’s not like I had any say in the matter,” she retorted.
“Let it go.  I get it; you all hate me for giving you your powers again.  The next time I have a target sign practically tattooed to my forehead I’ll just go it alone.”
“That’s all we ask,” Monty said primly.
“So you four have been out of training?” Cael asked.  “That’s not good.”
“It’s not something you forget,” Shayla said.  “As demonstrated earlier.”
“But you do get rusty,” Asher sided with Cael.  “I’ll admit it.”
“Speaking of rusty, Princess here gets to train and read the Good Queen’s Guide to Success,” Cael eyed me.  “You haven’t been training either.”
“I was Seeking.  That counts as training.”
“Nope.  Cam will check his sources and see if there’s anything underhanded about this deal.  I will assist all of you.  And if anybody has someone trustable to bring to the table, numbers wouldn’t hurt.”
“You know,” Cam began thoughtfully.  “We need-“
“I already left a message.”
“For who?” I asked curiously.
“Someone who can get us out of this mess.”
-Chapter 4-


Shayla, Kendall, Montgomery, and I were out in the front yard stretching, watching Campbell and Asher mock fight in the back yard.
“Cortland, are you up for a road trip?” Cael asked, the door swinging shut as he strode across the back porch.  It was handily placed so that one could practice back flips off of it.
“Define road trip,” I said cautiously.  Cael’s idea of light training had my muscles screaming most nights.  I had been out of shape.  Another plus about Seeker healing, sore muscles would be gone in a few hours at the most.
“You’re going with me to convince the person who could win this for us to join the club.”
“If he’s really that good, of course I’ll go with you to win him over.”
“With your sparkling eyes and charming wit?” Shayla said sarcastically.  “Right.”
“Thank you, Shay, for volunteering to go along as Cortland’s back up.”
“And where are we going?” I asked, taking in Cael’s casual khaki shorts and faded t-shirt.  I’d never seen him look this laid back.
“Just… dress like you’re going to an amusement park.”
Ten minutes later Shayla and I were trotting down the steps, being rushed by Cael.  He paused in his pacing to look us over.
“Cort, is that really what you’d wear to an amusement park?”
I looked down at my cut off shorts and black tank top and red flowy vest that had no sleeves.  “Yes.”
“You look like an assassin.”
“I don’t know why you keep saying that,” I said.  “Who’s driving?”
“Well my car is blocked in by Kendall’s,” he said.  “We need to work on the parking situation.  We’d be screwed if we needed to get out of here fast.”
The boy never stopped planning.  I jingled my keys.  “Looks like I’m the driver.”
The folks being left behind looked a little smug.  Once Cael was out of sight all training would stop.  And they would definitely be having more fun than me and Shay.  Cael truly was a fun hater.  Wait, that’s not fair.  He was so focused and driven that nothing outside of his goal was of consequence.  I pity the girl begging for his affection.
Shayla was in the back, bobbing her head to the music absently, looking out the window.  Cael had turned my radio down first thing.  Okay, so really he buckled his seatbelt first but then he turned it down.
“So… Cael.  Cam says you’re pre-med.”  I decided I couldn’t go an unknown amount of time in pure silence so I used that as a conversation starter.
“Yep.”  Don’t hurt yourself, cupcake.
“That’s really cool.  I’d love to be a doctor and wear that cool white jacket and the little stethoscope but I’m fairly terrible under those types of pressured circumstances and I hate needles.”
I glanced at him and noted that he was looking out the window, probably wondering why he’d decided to stay here and put up with me.  He just nodded as a reply.
Let’s give it another try, I told myself.  “So I’ve never heard of two Guardians who are brothers.”  Yeah.  That was good.  If he wasn’t going to talk about his career maybe fairy talk would get him started.
“It’s highly rare,” Shayla piped up from the backseat.  “I read about it once.  Some of them have been really famous in wars and stuff and some fairies consider two related Guardians to be an omen.  There was even a set of twins.”  Gee, Shayla, thanks for answering for Mr. Tall, Dark, and Silent.  I hardly ever hear you talk.
I let it go.  Cael would never talk more than necessary, especially to me.  He disliked me.  Maybe the kicking him into a pile of trash in a back alley had something to do with it.  “Has there ever been a case of Seeker sisters?” I asked Shayla.
“I haven’t read anything on it.  Fairy siblings are highly rare with ex-fairy parents.”  I saw Shayla flinch.  She’d just remembered my own brother.  I let that one go too.
“I’ll probably have to sit down and read up on fairy stuff since I’m Queen.”  I hated fairy history books.  They were long, boring, and they stank.  I mean, they literally reek.
“You haven’t read any fairy stuff?” Cael asked.
“Some,” I said defensively.  “I was busy.”
“Cortland and Kendall were always out kicking Otherworldly butt and Monty, Ash, and I stayed home and studied just to reach their level.” Shayla froze and seemed to perk up.  “I love this song!” She leaned over the middle console to turn up the stereo to a blaring level.  I’d have to scrape my eardrums off the window later.
Unluckily for Cael it was a song that both Shay and I love and have down to an art form.  Cael stared at the two of us as we sang at the top of our lungs and danced as well as we could in a car.  Plus I was driving.
At the best part of the song, which Shay and I have harmonized that’s how good we are, when suddenly the music was gone.
“Hey,” Shayla and I protested.
“No more music, no more small talk.  Just silence.”
I saw Shayla make a face at him.  Then she leaned back and crossed her arms.  Cael also leaned back, closing his eyes.  “Wake me in an hour and a half.”
“We have to go an hour and a half in total silence?” Shayla asked incredulously.
“Actually it’s going to be closer to three hours.”
After about ten minutes I thought he was asleep.  His breathing was deep and even and he wasn’t moving anymore to get comfortable.  I slowly reached for the volume of the radio.  Cael’s hand was grabbing my wrist in a flash.
“Oh come on,” I said, pulling my hand back.  “Fun hater.”
“You betcha.”

Three hours later Shayla and I were gratefully climbing out of the car of silence.
“Now when you said to dress like you’re going to an amusement park, I didn’t think you meant an actual amusement park,” I said, deciding to skip the numerous weapons I’d brought along.
“Yeah, well, we’re not here to ride the rides,” Cael said, slamming his door shut.  “Flynn will call us with a meeting place and time and we get there.”
“So you have no idea how long we’re going to be waiting before this Finn guy gets here?” Shay qualified.
“Flynn,” Cael corrected, setting a pace Shayla and I were barely able to keep up to.
“I’m paying $35 to get into an amusement park and I can’t even ride any of the rides?” Shayla just wasn’t going to give up.
Cael wasn’t about to give up either.  “We’re going to hang out as close to the center of the park as possible and wait for the phone to ring.”
“Why is this guy so secretive?” I asked as we got close enough to see the line.  Cael made me park in the boondocks.  “How are we supposed to know this isn’t a trap?”  We were already at the cashier.  We’d pretty much missed the rush.
“Because Flynn is on nobody’s side.  To get him on our side we have to convince him that losing will make things worse for him.”
“So he’s greedy and self-serving?”
“No,” Cael said, pushing through the little gate.  He held it open for me after I paid.  “He’s been screwed over so he’s going to be cautious.”
“We’re all cautious but you don’t see us setting up meetings next to the rollercoasters,” Shayla said.
“Considering an unknown amount of strangers is gunning for you thanks to Red here, maybe you should be.”
“Yep, it’s all completely my fault,” I said.  “I was wondering how my life could get any worse and then it hit me.  Rule Whisper in the middle of a rebellion.  Works like a charm.”
“It’s not fun to pick on you when you get all defensive,” Shayla pouted.  “Oh no, the fun hating is contagious.”
I bit back the snicker as Cael shot her a warning look.  He was walking between the two of us, perfectly positioned to grab one of us if we tried to make a run for it.  Shayla was looking wistfully at the rollercoaster and the water rides, people shrieking, having the time of their lives.  Cael stopped to check one of those giant map things and then set off again.  Shay and I followed.
There we were an hour later, sitting on a bench in the sun, roasting in the 90 degree heat.  I know ladies are supposed to glisten and all that, but Shayla and I were full on sweating.  Cael just sat there, looking cool and collected.  “Okay,” Shayla said, leaning in front of me to talk to Cael. “I know you wanted to be in the exact middle of the park but would it be the end of the world if we sat on a bench in the shade? Like that one, ten feet away?”
“Just be patient.”
“No,” Shayla snapped peevishly.  “I’m hot, I’m bored, and I’m thirsty…” I cut off what would become the rant of the century and handed her some money.  “Go get something for us to eat and drink, would you please?” I asked. 
She looked over at the concession stand, parked in the shade.  “Fine,” she sniffed.  “But I am not bringing him anything.”  With that she turned on her heel and made her way to the food.
Cael leaned back and let out a sigh.  “Would you keep an eye on her so she doesn’t take off for a ride, never to be found again?”
I turned to him.  “You do know that if you just let her ride one ride, her mood will improve by about a hundred percent.  And if you let her ride two, she will probably bring you a cold drink.”
“I don’t need a cold drink; I need to get this whole ordeal over with so I can get back to my life.”
I leaned back, a little hurt.  Nobody was asking him to stay.  Yeah, he was a big help but I liked to think that I could handle things on my own.  “My point is you’ll get points with Shay if you let her have a little fun.”
“Do you think the people back at headquarters are having fun?” Cael asked.  I almost snorted.  “I left behind a detailed training schedule for the day.  I can’t let Shay have fun while they’re working.”
“You honestly think that your little schedule is being followed?” I said incredulously.  “The moment you left, they went inside, turned on the TV, grabbed some junk food and a cold drink, and used your schedule as a coaster.”
Cael narrowed his eyes at me.  “Why do you think this?”
“Because that’s what I would do,” I answered honestly.  “You’re treating them all like newbies and trust me, it’s not appreciated.”
“What’s not appreciated?” Shayla asked, plopping back on the bench, handing me a cup of pop.
“The sunburn on my face,” I said, taking a sip.  That first taste of cold Pepsi was like heaven to my parched throat. 
“Yeah, you do look a little red,” Shayla agreed.  She looked at Cael.  “She’s very fair skinned.  I’d estimate that she has about twenty more minutes before she’ll look like a lobster.  Then she’ll whine a lot.  And if she gets too overheated she throws up.”
Cael looked at me.  “You are a Seeker and you’re that big of a pansy?”
“I am not a pansy,” I said.  “But some shelter from the sun would be nice.”
“Here’s the deal,” Cael said.  “Shayla goes on all the rides her little heart desires, keeping her phone on her at all times.  Cortland and I will walk around, let her cool off, and wait for Flynn to call.”
Shayla was pretty much gone before he finished.  She gave Cael an impulsive hug and then ran for whatever ride was top on her list.  Cael looked a little stunned.  “Did she just hug me?”
“I told you her mood would improve.  And I know human contact freaks you out but just deal.”
He made a face at me.  “Funny.  You are looking a little sunburned.”
“I’m not sure but it could be because someone just made me sit for an hour under the hot sun.  You’re lucky I didn’t just pass out.”
“You are such a pansy.”
“Did he give you a specific time?” I asked.  “I think it’s a little rude that he expects us to wait around here all day, waiting for him to give us the time of day.  What if I had something important going on?” I didn’t but this Flynn guy didn’t know that.
“Like I said, he’s been screwed over so he never gives away all the details.  He’s probably here, doing some recon to make sure there’s no assassins wandering around, and he is probably wondering who you are.  Or he’s already figured out who you are and he’s made a run for it, not wanting to be dragged into this mess.”
“I don’t think it’s a mess,” I said.  “I’ve been Queen for like a week and I’ve only been attacked once.  I think we’re handling things nicely and if you would cut back on the training, we could take care of the issues once and for all.”
“Darling,” Cael drawled.  “This is the Titanic of messy situations.  We all need to be at the best of our abilities or we’re all going down with the ship.  Of course, you are the captain of this ship so you’re going down no matter what.”
“Don’t call me darling,” I said, stopping to confront him.  “And you listen here, Cupcake, this may be a messy situation but it can be handled.  If you don’t want to be here, then leave.  Nobody is asking you to stay.”
“I can’t leave because Campbell won’t leave.  He’s very smitten with you.”
“Smitten?” I snorted.  “Who uses that word these days?”
“I do.  I may not like you but I doubt I’ll like the assassin’s choice in ruler so I’m picking the lesser of the evils and I’m going to make sure you win.  And I don’t care if you get heat stroke and throw up or pass out or whatever it is you do, if Flynn wants to make me walk around all day, I will drag you around with me, because he is what will give us an edge.”
“Whatever,” I mumbled.  I stopped in the shade, leaning against a little fence to watch Shay gleefully take a seat on a rollercoaster.   With a whoosh, it was off.
Cael was studying me.  “Do I need to let you go on a rollercoaster too, to make your attitude better?”
I glared at him.  “Don’t be a jerk, Cael,” I said, tossing my hair over the other shoulder.  I pushed myself off the fence and started walking again.
“I didn’t mean to be a jerk,” he said.  “Mental note to self, offering to let girl ride rollercoaster makes you a jerk.”
“It can’t be a mental note if you’re saying it out loud,” I said.
“Details,” he shrugged.  “Listen, I’m sorry I’m such a hard ass but I hate being one of the leaders in situations like this.  If anyone gets hurt it’s my responsibility.  I came because of Cam and because he’s my little brother so I have to protect him but I stuck around because I like the rest of you and I want all of your pretty faces walking around on campuses next year.”
“Monty and Shay graduate next year.”
“Then I want them to get handed their diplomas next year.  I don’t care that you guys hate me at times and call me the fun-hater because it’s all worth it if you’re still here ten years from now, bitching amongst each other about all the horrible things I made you do.”
I walked quietly for a moment.  That was kind of sweet for Cael.  Now I felt bad for being rude to him.  Grudgingly I said, “I think that is very sweet of you.”
Cael looked at me with this horrified look on his face.  “Ugh. Sweet?  That’s the word you come up with?”
I fought back the smile.  “Yeah.  I’m convinced that your gruff exterior is to hide your marshmallow insides.”
“I am not hiding a marshmallow inside.”
“Oh yeah, you are.  I bet you daydream about puppies and unicorns and rainbows.”
“I do not.”
“Don’t deny it. You are a big softie.”
“I am not.”
“It’s okay, Cael.  Some girls go for the sensitive type that cries at sappy movies.”  I looked at Cael clenching his jaw next to me.  It was fun teasing him.  “I bet you fell apart at Marley and Me.”
Cael lightly shoved me.  Well, I’m sure it was lightly for him but I was knocked into a trash can.  “Do you ever shut up?”
“I can.  Since I was just bound into silence for three hours all of this conversation has built up.  And if you won’t talk to me, I’ll just babble.  Many have tried to beat me, none have succeeded.”
“How can I get you to just walk around in silence for twenty minutes?” Cael was practically begging.  
I looked around.  “Go on that ride with me.” I pointed.
Cael turned to look at the ride that was spinning around and pausing so that the riders were upside down.  “No.  Pick something else.”
I sighed.  “It’s that or a very long monologue on my ex-boyfriend’s numerous douchebag qualities.”
“The ride it is,” Cael said with mock enthusiasm.
He and I joined the line.  I was smiling hardcore because he looked mildly uneasy.  So big, bad Cael was afraid of spinning upside down.   If he threw up, I was never going to let him live this down.  
“Scared?” I asked lightly, as we moved further up in line.
“In your dreams,” Cael said.  “I’ve done worse without being strapped in.”
I rolled my eyes.  He was bent on keeping his macho guy bravado.  Then I spotted Shayla already in line, maybe about eight people ahead of us.  “Hey Shay,” I waved.
She waved back.  Finally we were lined up on the ride, which consisted of one row of seats that we’d be strapped into.  We’d be spun and hung upside down and all sorts of fun things while water fountains burst off spontaneously.
Shayla saved two spots next to her.  I filed past, leaving Cael to sit between the two of us.  I wouldn’t be a good friend if I had all the fun.  “I see how it is,” Shayla said as I sat down.  “You make me suffer for an hour and then finally set me free and then you decide to have fun.”
“Actually this is part of a deal,” I leaned past Cael to say.
The ride manager ordered that we all put our arms straight out, like zombies, as the harnesses came down over our heads.  “Yeah, I let her go on the ride and she has to be silent for the next twenty minutes,” Cael said to Shay.  “She is a talker.”
“Tell me about it,” Shay agreed sympathetically.  “At work it’s just blah, blah, blah and I just want to say, get over yourself, Cortland.  She always has one subject and that’s all she talks about all day.”
I made a face at her as the park employee checked that my harness was secure.  “I hope you both throw up.”
“She threatened me with a monologue about her ex,” Cael informed Shay as his harness was checked.
“That one actually might have been amusing.  The break up like just happened and the girl has a lot of rage.”
“I do not have a lot of rage.”
“You egged his car.”
“You made me do it,” I hissed, as Cael turned to look at me.  Yes, I’d broken the golden rule about not touching a guy’s car.
“I made you do nothing,” Shayla said smugly.
The conversation broke off as the ride started to lift us up.  I noticed that Cael’s hands were clenching the handles on his harness.  I was doing the same thing.  “Shay, I hope Cael throws up on you.”
“I’m not going to throw up,” Cael said.  “And if either of you throw up on me, you’d better start running.”
Luckily for Cael, Shayla and I have iron stomachs.  Even the ride manager was amused by us.  As we hung upside down and flipped and plummeted headfirst, Shayla and I giggled nonstop.  “Ulk,” Cael hit the harness as we hung upside down.  
“The gigglers have challenged me,” the manager said into the microphone.  “We hang upside down until they admit defeat.”
Shayla just laughed harder.  “Shut up,” Cael said to us, face reddening as the blood rushed to his face.
“What’s wrong, softie?” I asked between giggles.  “Pansy.”
“My stomach is personally acquainted with my spleen and another part of my anatomy has met the buckle.”
Shayla and I laughed louder as we understood what he meant.  There was a buckle that ran up between our legs, probably a safety measure in case the harness came unsnapped.  That little buckle was probably supposed to save us until the ride stopped.
“No surrender?” The guy asked.  “Now we go backwards.”
“That was so fun,” Shayla said as we filed off the ride.  “Let’s do it again.”
“Yeah, well Cael is done with the rides,” Cael announced.  “You two are freaks.”
“Well, Cael is a fun hater,” Shayla said over her shoulder.
“Cael is also a surprise sometimes,” said a strange guy that was to our left just outside the ride’s exit.  “I know I said to maintain a cover but I didn’t mean go on rides with a couple of chicks.”
I bristled at being called a chick.  I glared at this guy and straightened up to intimidate with all five feet and six inches of me.  Being in flats took off two to three inches.  This guy was about six feet tall, broad shouldered, had blue eyes, and dark brown curly hair.  His face was something artists dreamed of, all chiseled and strong.  He was tan and if he was a Guardian you knew he had muscles.  He would have been good looking if he weren’t a jerk.  “Excuse me?” I asked.
Cael grabbed my shoulder, probably hearing the dangerous edge in my voice. “Flynn, these aren’t chicks, this is Cortland and Shayla.”
Flynn seemed to study me a little closer upon hearing my name.  I know it was a strange one but that didn’t mean I was strange.  He dismissed me after a moment and barely gave Shayla a cursory glance before he was addressing Cael.  “Keep moving.” We all started walking.  “What are these two girls to me?”
I practically snarled at him and I hoped Shay would bite her tongue until after we were through with this guy.   “Shay and Cortland are Seekers.”
“Assassins?” 
“Why do people keep saying that?” I asked, mostly myself.  “I am not even in my Seeker gear.”
“I think it’s something about the way you carry yourself,” Shayla said to me.  “There’s this little attitude in your body stance.”
“Oh,” I said.  “That makes sense.”
Cael elbowed me.  “Anyway,” Cael said.  “Cortland here has some problems that require your area of expertise.”
“What kind of problems?”
By the way Cael and Flynn were looking at me, this was my cue.  “Well, Flynn,” I smiled at him personably, “recently I have become the target of some assassins and Cael tells me that to win this war I need you.”
“Why are you the target?”
“I’m the Queen of Whisper.”
Flynn stopped walking suddenly and Shayla bumped into him.  He quickly turned and started walking the other way, towards the exits.  “I am not getting involved in this.”
I followed him, practically jogging to keep up.  “Hey, wait! You didn’t even let me explain.”
“What’s to explain?” he said dryly as I was at his side.  “You’re a damsel in distress and you want me to come and save the day.  All while putting me in danger.  I don’t do this anymore.”
“Then why would Cael say I need you.”
“I don’t doubt that you need me, sweetie.  But I went out of that game a long time ago and I have been keeping myself off that grid.  I want to keep it that way.”
“Then why even bother with Cael?”
“Because he’s a good friend.  He needs a favor.  I owe him one, not you.”
Cael spoke up from behind me.  I hadn’t even been aware that he was there.  I should probably work on that whole awareness thing.  “I want this to be my favor, Flynn.”
Flynn stopped.  I ran into him this time.  Without turning, he asked, “Why would you waste a favor on this girl?”
“She didn’t ask to be put in this,” Cael said.  “And Campbell is invested and I don’t want him hurt.”
We were all silent for a moment.  Flynn put his head down as if to think, then shook it.  “Nope.  I’m not going to do it.”
“Listen, jerk wad,” I followed him again.  He shoved through the exit and started walking for the parking lot.  Both of us were bumping into people and trying to maneuver around them but neither of us was being polite.  “You think they’re just going to leave you alone?  If you’re as big a threat as Cael seems to think you are, then they’re going to come after you.  And if you’re not with us, you’re alone.”
“I like it better that way.”
“Yeah, well, it’s hard to rest when there’s no one to watch your back.”  Flynn seemed to have parked in the same direction as us.  Good.  That meant less walking for me.
“I don’t play well with others,” Flynn said.  As if that was going to end this argument.
“Neither does Cael but we keep him around,” I retorted.  Just ask anyone who knows me, I’m stubborn.  Until Flynn was out of sight and hearing, I would not let this go.  And I would not be above stealing Cael’s phone and calling everyone in his contacts until I reached this idiot.  Agreeing with me now would definitely be the least painful for him in the long run.  “Why won’t you even think about it?”
“I am thinking about it,” Flynn whirled around and confronted me.  “Do you honestly expect me to risk my life for some little girl who was just playing on a roller coaster?  Boo hoo, you’re Queen and now everyone in Whisper is after you.  I don’t think you’re going to take this seriously.  That means you’re going to lose.  I don’t lose anymore.”
“I think to lose you have to try and I don’t think you even give that a chance,” I said. 
“I used to try,” Flynn was now leaning to get in my face.  I have bubble issues and I was really trying hard not to punch him in the face.  “Did Cael tell you that I used to be Guardian for the Queen’s daughter, who was supposed to take over?”
“No.”  I was silent because even I, Whisper-handicapped, knew what had happened to the Queen’s daughter.  She’d been in this realm, Otherworldly hunting, and had been murdered by some every day mugger.  
“I was with her that night.  I thought we were so good that we split up.  I take out the Otherworldly and go looking for her and find her dead in some back alley.  I couldn’t even protect her from some mortal.  How am I supposed to help you with an entire realm of pissed off fairies?”
Our little group was off in a secluded parking lot, since Flynn’s angry walking had covered a lot of ground.  There was really no one in sight.  That last part made it so much handier for the person that started sniping at us.
The four of us reacted.   I dropped to the ground and rolled under a car.  Nobody looks under cars, my dad had told me.  Of course, he had been talking about rapists and murderers, not assassins.
I heard a glass window break somewhere nearby and figured that our mystery shooter was aiming at someone making a run for it.  I tried to look around and see if I could spot Shayla or Cael but it’s kind of hard when all you could see would be feet and under a low car really has a sucky vantage point.  I decided it was too dangerous to hang out under this car so I quickly rolled from under it to the next one to my left.  
I paused to breathe deeply and think things through.  Obviously we’d all be heading for the car.  I had the keys so it wasn’t like they could leave without me.  And my car was in that general direction.  Hopefully the shooter would be running for it now, having failed, so I could get to it without getting shot at.  Even if the person was still up there taking potshots, I had no other options.  
I rolled under the next car over and slithered to the back.  Empty pavement.  I took one last deep breath and crawled out from under and hit the ground running.
A window smashed next to me and I dropped and rolled under it.  Okay, so the shooter was still there.  Damn.  This wasn’t going to be easy.  I rolled three cars in the other direction and again slithered out.  I made it three rows before the smashed windows were getting too close for comfort.
This time as I surveyed the parking lot I saw Shayla and Cael, both holed up under cars.  Oh and there was Flynn the Mighty, taking shelter under a minivan.  Idea stealers.  Now I had a quandary.  My car was locked.  If I hit the unlock button from here, the headlights would flash and the shooter would know where we would all be heading.  But I couldn’t hit it last second because it might not unlock in time for us to open the doors without getting shot.  And we couldn’t just hang out here all day because the shooter might just get tired and come down here and get us, up close and personal.  Or our car/shelter might move, leaving us out in the open.  Or maybe our car would just back up over us.  Those two sounded like more my luck.
Cue the “Hallelujah” chorus and the little light bulb over my head.  By golly, I’d had an epiphany.  I clenched my hands and summoned up some power and then released.  Immediately all the cars in the parking lot had their emergency horns going off, including mine.  I hit the unlock button since the headlights would no longer give us away.
With that little diversion the other three were already out and running.  I followed.  And of course the gunshots followed my progress, windows shattering on either side of me as I ducked and weaved in and out of parked cars.  I guess that made sense since I am the Queen.  I was two rows away when there was this burning pain in my shoulder.  I’d been hit.
I hit the ground and crawled under that car and the next row.  I paused, trying to breathe and think at the same time but it was getting harder as the burning sensation in my shoulder spread to my arm and down my lower back.  There was no way I was getting to that car.  My head started pounding, in rhythm to the honking of the hundreds of horns.  My vision started to do some funky tunnel vision stuff and then there were little black dots and I knew I was screwed.  And Shayla and Cael were too because I had the keys.
Imagine my surprise when suddenly there was a car behind my hiding spot and it was my very own.  Cael opened the back door on my side and hopped halfway out, grabbing my legs and pulling me out from under the car.  I half rose and fell into the car with him.  He slammed the door shut and the tires screeched as Flynn burned rubber getting out of there.
Shayla was ducked down in the passenger seat.  She peeked up at me as shots pinged off my car.  “Are you okay?” she asked.
“No,” I managed.  My throat and mouth were so dry it wasn’t even funny.  “Got… hit.”
“Where?” Cael asked, all business.
“Shoulder.”
He tried to move around me to check how bad it was.  We were kind of helter skelter in the back seat, all tangled up.  I couldn’t have cared less because I was so dizzy.  And my eyes felt so heavy.  I just wanted to close them.
“Cael?” Flynn asked from the driver’s seat.  The bastard had hotwired my car.  It figured that he knew how, Mr. Rebel Guardian, hotwiring cars to save the day.
Cael held up a dart.  “She’s been tranquilized.”
My eyes closed for a little bit longer.  It would feel so good just to rest.  My body felt so heavy.  My arms and legs didn’t want to move.  “Is she going to be okay?” Shayla asked.
“Yeah,” Cael was grinning, that jerk.  “This means a monologue free car ride home.”

My eyes opened an unknown amount of time later.   I immediately flinched because the sunshine hurt so badly.  And was I hearing my pulse in my brain?  That was probably not a good sign.  My fingers felt numb but I think I could move them.  No damage done.
“Look, sleeping beauty is awake,” Shayla said.
“Make the sun stop,” I groaned.
“Sorry, sweetie, but we can’t do that,” Shayla said sympathetically. 
I closed my eyes again.  I was stretched out across the backseat, my feet in Cael’s lap.  I wrinkled my nose a little when I felt the little damp spot underneath my cheek.  Oh my god, I’d drooled while I was out.  Hopefully no one had noticed or this would never be forgotten.
I slowly pulled my feet out of Cael’s lap.  So far so good.  I refused to lay here like a pansy any longer.  I opened my eyes and just lay there until the sun didn’t make me want to throw up.  I put my feet on the floor and pushed myself up until I was sitting.
My head was reeling and my stomach immediately rolled.  I closed my eyes and focused on not hurling in my own car.  I finally opened them.  “How long was I out?” I asked practically in a whisper.  Talking hurt my head.
“About three hours,” Shayla answered.  
“So we’re almost home?”
“No,” Shayla sent Flynn an icy glare.  “I’m pretty sure we looped to Canada because Flynn went all paranoid and was so sure we were being followed.”
Flynn didn’t even answer her.  I just moved my eyes to look at him as he clenched his jaw.  Poor guy.  Now he was in for the long haul.  Just because he’d been seen with us, now the bad guys would think he was on Team Cortland.  Sucks to be him.  Point for me.
“So, how far away are we?” I asked.  I just wanted to sit in the shower until I didn’t feel all the dried up sweat and maybe it would make my headache go away.  I’d settle for my bed and some Pepto Bismol.
“About three hours,” Shayla said.  “Just consider yourself lucky that you were passed out for half of it.”
I was holding perfectly still because any more movement and I would be throwing up.  The movement of the car was about doing me in.  I normally have an iron stomach so this was driving me nuts.
“And just to remember this wonderful day,” Shayla said, “we’re keeping your dart.”  She held up the little glass vial and the long needle.
Before I even thought about it I was recoiling away from the needle.  Ugh, I hate needles.  When my stomach rolled hard core and my head felt like it was splitting, I realized my mistake.  I needed out.  “Flynn. Pull over.”
“What?” Flynn asked, trying to glance over his shoulder to see what I needed.  I was a little busy fighting back the gags, my hand over my mouth.  
Luckily Cael was on the ball.  “She hates needles.  Pull over.”
Flynn slowed the car and pulled over onto the shoulder.  I was reaching for the door handle before it was completely stopped.  I practically fell out of the car and then got violently ill.  On my hands and knees I wondered why the heck this was happening to me and I winced at the thought of the people sitting in the car, witnessing this.
The door was still open so I crawled in and stretched out on my two thirds of the back seat.  “Are you okay?” Shayla asked.
I opened my eyes and just looked at her, then closed them again.  “Let’s not show her the needle again, k?” Cael said sarcastically.  “Cort,” he rested a hand on my hair and bent a little to look at my face.  “You okay now?”
“Don’t know,” I said.  “Hurts so badly.”
“I’m sure it does,” he said. “That was a lot of tranquilizer and I’m sure they didn’t choose one that would leave your system nicely.”
“I feel so stupid,” I said, tears welling up in my eyes.
“Don’t.  Just sleep some more, okay?”
I sniffed and snuggled into myself, pulling my knees up to my stomach and wrapping my hands around myself to try to stop the nausea.  I was half asleep when the motion of the car started getting to me again.  I tried opening my eyes, to see if seeing stuff going by would make the motion sickness better but I got that bad feeling that I was going to be sick again.
I made some small motion that I was going to get up and Cael snapped to attention.  “Flynn.”
Flynn signaled and headed for the side.  Unfortunately I had a little bit of a wait before there was a spot where he could safely pull the car over.  By then I was full on gagging and Cael and Shayla were looking at me with somewhat panicked expressions.  Tell me about it. I didn’t want to get sick in the back of my own car.  
The car pulled over and I struggled with the door handle.  Cael reached across and opened it for me.  I got out and took a few steps away from the car and got sick again.  This time I was able to stay standing.  I was bent at the waist, breathing and trying not to get sick again. I straightened to feel the wind on my face, to cool off when I got super nauseous again.  I bent over and got sick but this time I really had nothing in my stomach so it was just painful dry heaving.  I felt a hand on my back, steadying me and I just assumed it was Shayla.  Imagine my surprise when I straightened and it was Cael.
He helped me back into the car, sliding in after me.  I curled in a ball on the seat, my stomach was hurting so bad.  It was a few moments before I realized that my teeth were clenched together and I was shivering.  I just curled up tighter and hoped Cael or Shay wouldn’t notice.
This time when I knew I was going to be sick I could hardly get up.   I hit the back of Flynn’s seat and he looked over his shoulder. “Cael.”
Cael helped me out of the car.  This time I dropped to my knees and kept retching.  I was so mad at myself when I felt the tears in my eyes.  Cael was kneeling behind me, holding my hair out of the way.  “Are you okay, Cortland?” he asked.  
“God, I feel like such a wimp,” I said, leaning back on my legs.  Then I was leaning forward.  But that was a false alarm.  “Just leave me here to die.”
Cael smiled a little and scooped me up.  He deposited me in the backseat.  I stubbornly refused to lie down, I stayed sitting up.  My posture was far from perfect but I was sitting.  Within minutes of Flynn pulling back onto the road I was shivering.  But I suffered in silence.  I was a Seeker, dammit, I’ve done worse.  I won’t give you those mental images but just know that I’m tough.
Eventually I leaned back against the seat and closed my eyes.  I was still cold but I noticed it less when I was unconscious.  I was sort of half out when I thought that I was leaning to one side.  Then suddenly I was warm and comfortable. I snuggled in there because I wanted to enjoy being comfortable.  My headache was pounding and then someone started stroking my bangs.  The headache got a little better and continued as the hair stroking continued.  I almost felt human again.
I sensed the car stop.  “Want anything Cael?” I heard Flynn ask.
“Just a drink.  Bring back a Sprite for Cort.”
“Ok.  Let’s go.” He must have directed that one at Shayla.
“Go where?” she asked.
“I’m not carrying out everything by myself.”
“Don’t be such a pansy,” Shayla said bitingly.
“Guys,” Cael cut them off.  “Poisoned Seeker sleeping.”
I heard the car doors open and close.  I sighed and turned my face a little.  Then I could hear a heart beating, steadily.  Then all the little levers clicked in my brain.
I went to sit up quickly but Cael caught me and pulled me back against him.  Thank god, because sitting up that fast probably would have killed me.  “You healed me,” I said, somewhat accusingly to Cael.
“What was I supposed to do? You were obviously not doing well.”  
“Do you really think I was poisoned?” 
“There’s really no other explanation for how hard it hit you.  Maybe it would have killed you, maybe they were just trying to be cruel.”
“You didn’t have to heal me, Cael.”  Once a Guardian heals a Seeker, they’re pretty much stuck together for life.  He is the only one who can heal her, faster than even our own super speedy healing.  And I didn’t mind him being my Guardian but now that pretty much guaranteed he couldn’t leave.  Well, without looking like a d-bag.
“Just let it go,” Cael said.  “They’re bringing in fast food so you might want to prepare your system.”
“I have a stomach of steel,” I said proudly.  “Why am I still laying on you?” Cael was stretched out in the back seat, leaning against the window, me sitting practically in his lap, leaned against his chest.  I really had no complaints but it was slightly awkward.  Mostly because he’d just seen me throw up.
“You were shivering and it was really pitiful to watch and nobody has a sweatshirt so sharing body heat was all I could do.”
“Thanks,” I sniffled.  I didn’t move.  He smelled nice.  Now I probably smelled horrible after sweating and running and crawling around in a parking lot and puking.  There, that ruined the moment.  “I’m going to try and sit up now,” I said.
“Okay.”  He helped me sit up, hands around my waist.  They stayed there a moment longer than necessary, probably to make sure I wasn’t going to fall to the other side.  “You got it?”
“I got it.”
I spotted Flynn and Shayla coming in the side mirror and prepped my iron stomach.  Don’t throw up, don’t throw up.  I took one last deep breath and then the car doors were opened and the food smell was wafting in.  I swallowed hard and fought down a mild gag but I am proud to say I held it together.
“Large Coke,” Shayla said, handing it back to Cael.  “Large Sprite.”  That one was for me.
I took that first sip and it felt like heaven.  So cold, so clear, so anti-nauseating.  “Seriously, how far are we from home?  I really want to shower.”
“About an hour,” Flynn said.  “We would probably be there sooner except for the stopping at the side of the road.”
“Bite me,” I said.  “I just want to go home.”

Once I got home I wanted to be anywhere but.  I was still sipping on my Sprite when Shayla swung the door open.  Everyone was seated at the kitchen table, papers spread out everywhere.  Monty was chatting animatedly on the phone.  “Yes, I did see that episode of Gilmore Girls… That would be a wonderful idea.  No, she’s not feeling well.  Yes, I will pass on your message…”  Monty hung up the phone.
I looked at Cael.  “Was this part of your agenda?”
“No,” he said, narrowing his eyes.  “Now I know you guys did the training I left on that list because I will be quizzing you tomorrow.”
“No one cares,” I said to him.  “Everyone, this is Flynn, our not so secret weapon.  Flynn, here’s the crew.  I don’t want to know anything about this and I’m going to go take a shower.”
“No, trust me, you want to hear about this.”   Monty popped out of her chair and steered me towards it.  “We have formulated a plan to get everyone in town back on your side.”
I sat in the chair and stared blankly at the graphs and charts in front of me.  “What. The. Hell.” I said.
“Well, David called and he said that Burke’s family was complaining that you weren’t being professional and he had no choice but to fire you.  And then people started calling with ideas and now we have come up with the perfect plan.”  Kendall was sitting across from me, rolling her eyes.  Obviously Blondie had been in charge of it all.
“So, while I was hiding under cars and being shot at with dart guns, you were making charts and brainstorming ideas like hanging color coded ribbons to show where your sympathies lie?” I said darkly.
“So you saw that episode too?” Monty beamed.  Then she processed what I said.  “Wait a second.”
“I need to shower.  I want to sleep off the rest of this headache.  Then I want this nightmare to be over.”  Not necessarily in that order but it would do for now.
I stood and turned to head up the stairs.  “Wait,” Flynn stopped me, putting an arm in front of me.
“What?” I asked snappishly.  A little too much considering he was doing me a favor but give me a break.  All I had left in my stomach was Sprite and my head felt all nasty and hollow.  And I could feel the sweat crusted all over me.  In short, I was nasty.
“These people are after you.  You shouldn’t be left alone.”
“I think my odds are good with only a ten minute shower.”  Okay, so I was planning on a twenty minute shower, at least a fifteen, but nobody was going to attack me in the shower.  
“Nope.  From now on, someone is with you at all times.  Sleep, shower, Seeking.  I’m not saying they have to be in the shower with you, but within immediate helping range is good.  And since you now have your very own Guardian…”  Flynn turned to Cael.  “Congrats buddy.  You’ve been upgraded to babysitter.”
“I resent that.  And he is not going to be with me all the time.  I’m a big girl.  I can handle myself.”
“We’ll see about that.”  I rolled my eyes at Flynn’s remark and headed up the stairs, Cael reluctantly trailing after me.  I already hated Flynn and his cryptic little remarks.
-Chapter 5-


If I thought I hated Flynn before, I hated him even more now.  And if I’d thought Cael’s idea of training was horrible, Flynn took it to the next level.
“Come on,” Flynn called out in his authoritative voice.  Ugh, I hated that voice.  “Ten more.”
Ten more what?  Pull ups.  But on multiple things.  I was currently doing pull ups on a tree branch.  Once you pulled yourself up you had to do a little flip thing and land on the ground in a fighting stance.  Asher and Monty had regular pull up bars, Shayla was on a branch on the tree next to mine, and Kendall, Campbell, and Cael were doing pull-ups on various parts of the house.  
Sweat was dripping into my eyes.  I gritted my teeth and pulled myself up.  The blisters on my hand had blisters.  I had splinters and my muscles were burning.  There was no way I could do ten more of these.  Wait… pull yourself together.  You have to do this.  Flynn was watching me, a look on his face like he could hear my internal debate.  I was not going to give him the satisfaction of seeing me fall out of this tree and die.
I suffered through ten more, my teeth clenched so hard together I’m pretty sure I needed new molars.  I landed the last time and almost fell on my butt.  Had there really been someone there that needed a butt whooping’ I’d be dead right now.  But there wasn’t so I wasn’t but I needed an outlet for all the rage in my system.  
“Do you call that a fight stance?” Flynn asked me. 
“No,” I said, breathing deeply.  Even my legs were burning.  My abs were burning.  Even though I was scantily clad in cheerleading shorts and a sports bra I was still sweaty.  “I call that my thank-god-its-over stance.”
“And you just earned everyone a mile run,” Flynn said.
Everyone groaned and shot me a dirty look.  I straightened and tried to bring in more air.  I think I was having a heat stroke.  “You know what, bite me,” I said.  “No one appointed you leader of boot camp.”
“No one voted for boot camp,” Shayla said, bent at the waist, sweat dripping off her flushed face.  “Holy frick, you act like we’re newbs.”
“You are newbies,” Flynn said.  “Have any of you taken on fairy armies?”
“Have you?” I asked dryly.  “I notice that we’re all working our butts off and you’re supervising.”
“If you’ve got a problem I can leave.”
I made a face.  “You can’t.  You’re already associated with us.  We have to win which is probably why you’re pushing us so hard.  I would just like to say I don’t need freakishly large muscles to do my job.  You haven’t even let us show you what we can do.”
“Everyone run,” Flynn said, eyes cutting holes in my face.  I couldn’t feel my face from all the jaw clenching so he could do whatever he wanted.
We all groaned and took off.  Flynn caught me by the arm.  “You can do your mile in a bit,” he said.  “Don’t you ever undermine my authority like that again.”
“You have no authority,” I said.  “We’re all equals.  And we deserved to be treated like equals.  Give us a shot.  Doing pull ups aren’t going to get us prepared, going out and fighting and doing our jobs is what hones our skills.”  I left out the part where if anyone was going to have authority, it should be me.  I was the queen.  Maybe not in this realm but it had to count for something.
I tried to move past him to do my running, not that I wanted to run, and he blocked me.  “Seriously, jerk,” I said.  “I’m not in the mood for your constant crap.  Unless you want your face in that pile of dirt there, I suggest you step off.”
“Step off?” he repeated.  “You are so juvenile.”
“Oh, ouch,” I said dryly.  “That one cut me deeply.”
“I am trying to assess your weaknesses.  You dragging your feet and not giving your all aren’t helping me.”
I glared at him.  I’m sure I made a wonderfully menacing figure with the sweat and the flushed skin and the hair that was in a frizzy ponytail and had sweated to my face.  “You can’t assess our weakness off of that crap.  We were all doing that when we were six.”
“Yet you can’t do them now.”
“We’re doing them,” I argued.  “But it’s a hundred degrees out and you’re not giving us a break.”
“Do you think that assassin is going to give you a break just because it’s hot out and you’re tired?”
“Look,” I was fast losing my patience.  Let’s face it, I had not started out with much patience.  “You’re losing their morale here.  You and Cael don’t seem to understand that we’re humans.  We have human feelings,” I was gesturing widely with my hands.  “You constantly telling us that we suck and we’re all going die horrible, painful deaths make us believe that we suck and we’re going to die horrible, painful deaths.”
“What do you suggest I do?” he asked condescendingly.
“First off,” I got into his face.  I was sick of playing second fiddle.  “Stop treating me like I’m a stupid little girl.  I am the Queen and I’m the best goddamn Seeker around.  Second, you are no longer solely in charge.  I get to have some say in the matter.”
Flynn looked me over, seeming to take my measure.  I was straightened to my full height and I was controlling my breathing so I didn’t look like a fool.  “Fine.”
I was all prepped for a major fight so I was slightly disappointed when he just agreed.  “Fine?”
“Yeah.  But you need to tell me everyone’s weaknesses so I can assess how to prepare them for battle.”
“How do I know you’re not going to take these little weaknesses and run to the enemy?”  I was just being a pain but it was a legitimate question.
“Like you said, they’ll gun me down on sight now that I’ve been associated with you.  I need to fix the weaknesses so I can win and get on with the rest of my life.”
I sighed and turned to survey the tired group running a mile.  Cael and Campbell were in the lead, obviously competing.  It was a guy thing.  “Well, I assume you know Cael and Campbell’s already, since you’ve worked with them.”  That whole previous relationship thing was totally bugging me.  I just wanted to KNOW.   They wouldn’t tell me anything.  It drove me nuts. 
“Yes.  Campbell doesn’t take it seriously enough when fighting.  He’s still in that invincible stage.  And Cael is so concerned with watching over Campbell that he forgets to watch his back.  And now that he’s got his own personal Seeker I’m sure he’ll get spread even thinner.”
“Campbell and I can take care of ourselves,” I said snappishly.   These people frustrated me.
“Never said you couldn’t.  Now get to the weaknesses.  I shared mine, you share yours.”
Kendall was on Cael and Campbell’s heels, probably saving her energy to pass them last second.  “Kendall’s weakness is her competitive streak.  She is bent on doing better.  She is trying to outdo you, me, and the Otherworldly.  And she knows she’s good but one day it’s going to get her in trouble.”
“Okay.”  Flynn nodded, taking in what I was saying.
Asher and Monty were next.  Ash was obviously trying to keep Monty going.  “Asher’s biggest weakness is Monty.  He’s so busy watching her back that he leaves his wide open.  And Monty’s weakness is probably her temper.  She gets out there, something doesn’t go the way she wants it, and she just snaps, not thinking of the consequences.”  I looked at Flynn.  He was watching them running back towards us.  “And Shayla’s weakness is she knows what she’s supposed to do, and she wants it to go by the book.  She always had to work harder at it than the rest of us so she is so book-learned that she isn’t street smart.”  There.  That had been harder to assess my friends than I’d thought.
“Good. I can work with that.  Go run and we’ll meet later to discuss what to do from here.”
“That’s all I ask,” I said.  
“Don’t you want to know what your biggest weakness is?” Flynn called after me as I took off on a jog.  I wasn’t going to kill myself running.  I paused.  “You’re too polite.”
Ha.  That was a lie.   
As I finished my mile alone I pondered that.  I was not polite.  Yeah, I’d let my boyfriend walk all over me  but contrary to what my friends think, I’d never slept with him because I knew he didn’t respect me enough.  And now I was letting him screw me over in front of the entire town.  He’d gotten me fired and I’d just taken it.  And with this whole Whisper thing.  I could have told them to shove it but instead I’d taken my mission like a good little girl.  I was always worried about what people were thinking about me so I went above and beyond to let them get their way so they liked me.  Flynn was right and he’d only known me for like two days.
I went inside and sighed at the glorious feeling of air conditioning.  I went straight to the fridge and pulled out a bottle of water.  Ah, cold, clear, goodness.  I almost felt human.
I went into the living room and there were the rest of my inmates.  Yes, I was comparing this whole experience to prison.  They were stretched out, more asleep than awake, obviously exhausted.  This training was taking its toll.  If we got attacked right now, they would probably sleep right through it.  Well, not Flynn… Where was he?  And Cael was missing too.
“Where are the two generals?” I asked.
Sadly everyone knew who I was referring to.  “Out in the barn, looking over the weapons.”
“Oh goodie.”  I turned, bottle of water still in my hand, and went back outside.
I was halfway to the barn when my Fairy senses spiked.  Something was up.  Immediately I booted up my powers.  If there were problems I had to handle it on my own.  The people in the house were probably too out of it to hear an altercation let alone get here in time to help, and who knew what Cael and Flynn were up to.  They were probably having a training battle and would never hear me.
I could go back to the house, run to the barn, or stay here and take it like a man.  I made my choice.  “Come out, come out, whoever you are,” I sang, tossing my water bottle to the side.
A tall blonde emerged out of the trees.  I was impressed.  Who knew someone could hide among those widely spaced, thin trees.  That was talent.  And she was dressed like an assassin.  Leather pants, black of course, black heels, and a black vest.  That was it.  Just a vest.  It revealed her flat stomach and muscular arms and much of her… well, you know.  Great.  My nemesis was a ho.
“Hey Princess,” she said, whipping out a knife.  “Nice to finally get rid of you.”
“Um, it’s Queen, first off,” I corrected.  “And it’s nice to meet you too, face to face.”  I was so screwed.  I was still scantily clad in my shorts and sports bra and I had no weapon.  
She smiled and threw the knife at me, with no warning.  I guess that’s part of her job description.  I dove to the side and then realized I should probably be getting that knife.  I turned and she was already there, punching me in the face.  
I took a step back and that’s what saved me.  She slashed with another knife and my spleen and other assorted vital organs would have been on the ground.  As it was she grazed me so I had this thin trickle of blood across my abdomen.  Now I was mad.
I kicked her in her stomach and she doubled over.  Before I could kick her in the face she was straightened and aiming a kick at me.  I blocked it with my arm, which really hurt, and tried to throw her off balance.  She just used me as leverage and kicked me under the chin with her other leg.  I hit the dirt and she went to tackle me, but I used her momentum and my legs to roll her over me.  Then I was up and in my fighting stance.
She rose to her feet and smiled.  It was a psycho smile.  It seriously chilled me to the bone.  This girl liked to fight, she liked the blood, and she liked to kill.  It was disturbing.  “Well, pretty girl, you fight pretty good.  I like a challenge.  I’ll be seeing you later.”  With that she turned and disappeared the way she’d come.
“Well,” I called after her.  “I fight well.”  She was skanky and she had poor grammar.  The things I had to deal with.
A split second later the barn door opened and Cael rushed out.  “Are you okay?”  
I was still waiting for the assassin ho to come back and get me.  I couldn’t believe that she’d just given up that easily.  “What?” I asked, somewhat thrown off by the sudden change.
“Flynn and I saw everything.  You did great.  Flynn wouldn’t let me out.  He said you needed to learn.  But you handled her.  And you’re hurt.” He came to a halt in front of me.  “You’re bleeding.”
“It’s already healing,” I said.  “And there’s another scar for the collection.”  I said that last one kind of bitterly.  I hated my scars.  I always tried to hide them because I thought I looked hideous.  But it had been too hot to hide them under layers of clothing today.
“Every scar is a story,” Cael said, grabbing my arm and leading me to the barn.  “I’d like to hear them someday.”
“I bet you have some pretty good ones too,” I said, still on Fairy alert.  I really didn’t want her to slash me again.
Cael opened the door and Flynn was waiting.  “You’re too polite.”
“Oh bite me,” I said, heading for the medical aid cupboard.  “I’m alive.”
“The moment she came out, you should have rushed her. You let her get the opportunity to throw a knife at you.”
“My bad,” I said, wiping away the blood trail down my stomach.  “I thought I handled her pretty well.  I do have one question though.”
“What?”
“Does she not know it’s a hundred degrees out? She was wearing leather for pete’s sake.”
Cael was looking at me strangely.  “Cort?”
It sounded like we were in a cave.  Everything was all echo-y.  The room’s edges started spinning.  “Uh oh.”  I said, before everything went black and I started falling forward.  Hopefully Cael or Flynn would be nice enough to catch me before I face planted it.  Who was I kidding?  Here comes another broken nose…

I came to an unknown amount of time later, in my own bed.  Well on top of my bed.  I was still in my nasty workout clothes and the new cut was a scar across my stomach.  That had healed fast.  
I heard an unfamiliar sound and turned to it.  My head only twinged a little, so that was progress.  Cael was sitting at my desk, flipping through a book.  I sat up and groggily held a hand to my head. It felt hollow again.  “What are you doing?” Translated: Why are you in my room?
“This is my room too, remember?”  Ah, yes, he was my babysitter.  “Blondie poisoned you somehow, probably with the blade.  You blacked out and I healed you and brought you up here.”
“I could really hate that girl,” I said, sliding my feet over my bed to the floor.
“She’s trying to kill you.  I think that it’s ok for you to hate her.”
“Well, when you say it like that.”  I wanted to stand up but figured Cael would either flip out or I would fall on my face.  This reminded me.  “Did I break my nose?”
“No.  I caught you right before you hit the ground.  I’m going to be using my fast reflexes a lot around you, Calamity Cort.”
I made a face at him.  Then I looked closer at the book he was flipping through.  “Are you reading my diary?”
“I wouldn’t call it that.”
“What? A diary?”
“No.  I wouldn’t call it reading.  More like studying, getting attuned to your inner workings.”  Cael got to his feet, probably because he knew I was going to kick the crap out of him.  “I just can’t figure you out.”
I got to my feet and moseyed over to my closet.  Ah, clean, good-smelling clothes.  What to wear, what to wear.  I waved off his help.  “Seeker, teenaged girl, what’s so hard to figure out?”
“Well, I didn’t know that you were a cheerleader and had dabbled in gymnastics.  I also didn’t know that you had siblings.  I didn’t know that you and Shay call yourselves twins.  I also never would have suspected that you would document every innocent you lost to an Otherworldly.”
I focused really hard on my clothes.  Great, now he was all attuned to my inner workings and I still had no clue how he worked.  And some of that stuff had been super personal.  I should have been mad but mostly I was embarrassed.  He probably thought I was some weakling.  “It makes what I do have a purpose.  As you now know, I don’t exactly want to be a Seeker.”
There was a knock on my bedroom door.  Before I could even say to enter it was swinging open.  “Oh, good, you’re up,” Flynn said briskly.  “Get ready.”
“For what?” I asked.  My hands were itching to put on those comfy sweatpants and a baggy t shirt.  
“We’re going on an educational field trip.”
I nodded.  Right.  Instead of that comfy outfit I grabbed my skinny jeans and a deep plum cami.  Then I grabbed a black little half sweater thing that had three quarter sleeves.  It was my Seeker-gone-professional look.  “Please leave the room,” I said politely.
Cael and Flynn looked at me.  “I need to change,” I said.
“We’ll keep our backs to you.  Your little training outfits don’t leave much to the imagination anyway.  We need to go over the game plan.”
“You’re not going to leave, are you?”  It was more a statement than it was a question.  
“Nope.”  
I rolled my eyes and stepped into my miniscule closet, shutting the door.  “You know, you guys are really pushing the personal boundaries.”
“Oh, shut it,” Flynn said.  “So the fieldtrip is to prove that you all have weaknesses.”
“You all?” I repeated, pausing in stepping into my jeans.  I lost my balance and fell into the wall.
“Cort?” Cael asked upon hearing me hit the wall.
“I’m good.”  I made a face.  Way to go, graceful.  “And apparently so is Flynn.”
“Someone has to stay out of it and assess.  I’m sure yours are right on the dot but I want to be able to confirm it for myself.  I also want to see some of the dynamics at work.”
“So where is this field trip taking us so that seven of us get to show our skills?” Cael asked.
I pushed open the closet door and stepped out.  Just in time.  I’d been getting claustrophobic in there.  I turned to look over my shoe choices.  I picked my favorite heels.  If Flynn had any say in the matter I was probably going to need all the luck it would bring me.
“Do you ever not wear black?” Flynn asked.
“What’s wrong with black?” I asked.  “It goes with everything.  It doesn’t stand out.  It doesn’t show blood.  It makes me feel tough.”
“It makes you look like an assassin.”
“Did you see the assassin that got me earlier?” I said.  “She did not look like this.”
“She was dressed in black,” Flynn pointed out.
I rolled my eyes at him and headed out of my room.  “Dressed is a term I’d use loosely in that case.”
“Who was loosely dressed?” Campbell looked up attentively.
I looked at him and shook my head.  “Hope everyone is ready for a field trip!” I called.
“Yes,” Shayla cheered from the next room.  She bounded in, bouncing up and down.  “Finally, some fun.”
Flynn looked at her, eyes slightly narrowed.  She looked like she was going to apologize.  Then she shrugged.  “Don’t give me that look,” Shay said.  “You know your little training sessions have been the exact opposite of fun.”
“Where is this field trip going?” Monty asked.  “I need to know what to wear.”
“Ask Flynn,” I said.
Monty looked at me with a mildly ‘Are ya kidding me?’ look.  Clearly any field trip Flynn had organized didn’t bode well with her.  “Well, since you’re in your Seeker gear I guess that means I should get in mine too.”
“Do all of you dress like you, Killer, or are you special?” Flynn asked me.
“I don’t even remember what they wear,” I said.  It had been over a year and a half since they’d all turned in their powers.
Kendall came back downstairs, dressed completely in black.  With her dark hair and dark eyes, she looked super edgy.  Now she looked like a killer.  “I like your shoes,” I said with a smile.  I had the same pair, also in black.
Cael and Flynn shook their heads at us.  Obviously Kendall and I intimidated them in our little Seeker outfits.
Shayla was down soon after, in faded denim jeans, a dark green V-neck shirt, and tennis shoes.  “Finally,” Flynn said.  “Sensible footwear.”
“Oh look, Master Flynn approves,” Shayla said.  “Now I feel like I should change them.”
“Come on, Monty,” I yelled impatiently.  “We’re going to train, not to get a date.”
She came bounding down the steps.  She was the anti-Cortland/Kendall.  She was wearing skinny jeans and black heels, not as high as mine or Kendall’s, and a bright pink V-neck.  I sighed.  “Pink?”
“Someone has to offset your negativity,” she said.  “What are we all waiting for, come on.”
I was still shaking my head as I locked the door behind me and headed to the car.  I was the lucky one who got to sit in the car with Flynn and Cael.  The two downers.  I had grabbed Shay and she was now unhappily sitting next to me.  Campbell was sitting in the passenger seat.  With three naturally chatty people you would think that we could have overpowered Team Silence-is-Golden but we still lost.
“Where are we going?” I asked Flynn, leaning forward from the middle seat.
“That’s not important.”
I leaned back and sighed.  Cael gave me a small smile and squeezed my knee.  Wait… No, that must not be right.  He probably meant to pop my knee cap out of place to teach me not to question the fearless leader.  Yeah, that had to be it.
About two hours later we were pulling onto a little dirt road.  There were thick woods on either side of the car.  It was the middle of the afternoon but under the cover of the trees it was dark, mysterious.  This field trip was going to be interesting.  
Flynn drove about a mile farther on the “road” and finally pulled over.  Asher pulled the other car up next to him.  “We have to walk the rest of the way,” Flynn said, pulling the keys out.  
We all piled out of the cars and silently grabbed our gear out of the trunk.  Flynn silently shut the trunk and turned to the rest of us.  “About a mile in to there,” he nodded at the woods to our left, “there is an old barn.  You will know it when you see it.  That is where we are headed.  You are going to want to be as silent as possible getting there.”  And then he was gone.
“How did he do that?” Shayla whispered to me.  
I shrugged and stepped into the woods.
Considering that there were eight of us wandering around in that underbrush, we were silent.  I managed not to swear out loud as I got caught on a tree branch.  Good thing I was raised a country girl, although I rarely had to hunt down Otherworldlies in the woods.  And turning on my Seeker senses helped too, making me lighter on my feet and I could sort of sense where would be the best place to step next.
Finally this ramshackle, greyed barn was visible.  Around it there was a sort of clearing.  Dusk was starting to fall, adding to the scary movie vibe that was being put off.  I already hated this field trip.  I’d seen this scary movie, and I did not make it.  
I stopped where I was, because I so did not want to step out into that clearing because only Flynn knew what was waiting for us.  I decided I’d just wait until I found someone else.  Then they could step out first.  Noble, right?
I was leaning silently against a tree, bored out of my mind when suddenly I sensed that I was not as alone as I thought I was.  I forgot the annoying bugs that had been tickling my bare shoulder every few minutes as I straightened and tuned in to my fairy senses.  “Simmer down, Cort,” came Cael’s voice.
“Where are you?” I asked, peering around.  This was slightly creepy.  I was pelted with an acorn.  “What the-?”  
“Look up.”
I craned my neck and saw Cael sitting on a sturdy branch, leaning against the tree trunk.  “How long have you been there?”  
“I was here a little bit before you.  I decided to wait and see how observant you are and after tickling your neck every thirty seconds with my untied shoe lace, it got boring.”
I just stared at him as he landed lightly on his feet next to me.  Sure enough, he knelt to tie his shoe.  “You are such a jerk.”
“You would have done the same thing.”
I looked at him silently.  He did have a point.  “Why were you hiding up there?”
“Because Flynn is trying to teach us a lesson and I really didn’t want to learn it by myself.  Now that I have backup, I’m ready to take on the clearing.”
“I’m not stepping out there first,” I said.
“I wasn’t going to make you.”
“Oh, well.”  I felt stupid.  And bad.  I should be braver than this. 
Then Shayla stepped out into the clearing, about ten feet away, and the decision was made for me.  I decided to be funny and ninja rolled out of the woods and landed in a Charlie’s Angel pose.  Right in front of Flynn.  He looked at me, clearly not amused.  “That was cute,” he said flatly.  “And now you’re dead.”
“Sorry for trying to lighten the situation,” I said, standing up and dusting myself off.  “I forget that you are the official ambassador for anti-fun.”
Monty and Ash stepped out a few moments later.  Kendall stepped out too, looking a little bored.  “As much as I love the wilderness, can we get the ball rolling?” she said.
“Where’s my brother?” Cael asked.
“The city boy is probably lost,” Kendall said.  “Chill out.”
“Cam can take care of himself,” I said to Cael, trying to diffuse the situation.  “He probably just got turned around or tripped over a branch or something.”
Cam chose to step out at that moment.  “Is it possible to be attacked by squirrels?”
We all just stared at him silently.  I mean, how you comment on that.  “No, seriously,” he said.  “I was walking minding my own business and suddenly these acorns are being tossed at me.  The entire time I was getting here I was getting pelted with acorns.  The only possibility is the squirrels.”
I had turned to look at Cael suspiciously.  “I had nothing to do with it,” he said, holding up his hands innocently.
“Can the field trip be over now that Campbell has fought off the evil, acorn tossing squirrels?” Monty asked Flynn.  She was looking bored and ticked.  And she hadn’t even been attacked by an assassin today.
“Follow me,” Flynn said mysteriously.
We made our way across the clearing, Flynn slightly in the lead, directed towards the barn.  Not that I didn’t trust Flynn, but I didn’t trust Flynn, so I had my Seeker senses kicked on.  I looked to my right and Kendall was doing the same.  I’m sure Cael had some glowing eyes behind me.  We three were definitely the most suspicious, the ones who wanted to be prepared.  
Flynn swung open the barn door, silently, then motioned for us to step in.  I did so not like this but there was really no choice.  I stepped in first.  I really had to fight to control the gag reflex.  Instead of the comforting dusty smell that most barns had, this one smelled like rotting meat and molding food.  There was that nasty bitter smell that I recognized as blood.
I was on my toes.  There were stacks of hay in two of the corners and numerous stalls that could be hiding any number of things.  The lighting sucked, only the sun shining through the holes in the roof and sides of this ancient structure.  Basically, visibility sucked.
I sensed everyone standing behind me but didn’t turn, instead keeping a lookout.  Maybe Flynn and Cael would be impressed.
“What are we doing here, Flynn?” Cam asked.
“Training,” Flynn answered.  I half turned in time to see him slam the door shut and then climb up into the loft above.
I turned back around because within seconds Otherworldlies were roaring and practically coming out of the woodwork.  One of the stacks of hay toppled as five of them erupted from it.  I was right about the stalls hiding things.  From right off the top of my head I’d say we were trapped in a barn with thirty angry and/or hungry Otherworldlies. 
I whipped out my short sword and quickly stabbed the one that popped out of a hole in the floor right in front of me.  These were like hyenas in a human on steroids form.  Nasty, muscular, and pointy teethed.  Not a good combo.
I jumped over the hole and flipped another one over my shoulder, quickly turning to stab it before it got up.  I turned back and ducked as one lunged at me.  I sliced at its legs and rose to stab the one rushing at me.  My sword was knocked from my hands because of its forward momentum and it fell to the floor and was kicked to the hole in the floor.  Not only was my hand now numb but my sword was gone.  Bring out the dagger.  
I quickly ripped the dagger from its spot strapped to my ankle, which took some talent considering I had to stop and kneel down to unstrap it, all while Otherworldlies and startled Fairies were fighting around me.  I rose to my feet and got knocked over by one of the creatures.  Instead of letting it tear me to pieces, I rolled to the side.
I got to my feet in time to help Shayla take out a particularly large one.  Then I ducked and she got the one that had bowled me over.  “Nice teamwork,” I gave her a high-five.
By now the others had taken out their fair share.  I bent to clean off my blade.  Cael called out a warning.  I half turned and saw the other stack of hay bales falling towards me.  This was going to hurt.  I flattened myself to the ground and closed my eyes.  That didn’t make it hurt any less.  I felt something heavy trod across the hay bales, therefore my back, and I struggled to decide if I wanted to just stay here and die or try to get out and face Flynn and Cael.  Both of whom would blame me for being squished.
I felt someone moving hay bales off of me and I moved a little.  I think I must have smacked my head against the floor a little harder than I’d thought because it felt all hollow.  “Cort?” I heard someone calling.  “Cort, are you ok?”
Finally the bale right above me was lifted up and tossed to the side.  I turned my head a little bit.  Cael and Asher were bending to lift me out.  “Ow,” I said.  “Ow.   My spine is not meant to bend like that… Ow.”  They ignored my protests and just lifted me out.
“That popping sound you heard,” I began, somewhat sitting on the toppled bales.  “Yeah, that was my spine.”
All conversation stopped when Flynn suddenly did a flip out of the loft and landed gracefully on his feet in the center of the barn.  “So what did we learn?”
I raised my hand.  “Hay bales hurt.”
“You’re a huge jerk,” Kendall said, sitting down, nursing her arm.  One of them must have sliced her.  
“I brought you here to make a point,” Flynn continued as if we hadn’t said anything.  It must have been rhetorical.  “You each have a weakness that will hinder us in battle, and perhaps ruin our chances of winning.  Does anyone want to guess what your weaknesses are?”
Monty was standing, leaning against a stall frame.  Once Ash had gotten me out of the hay he went back to her side.  “Monty-?” he began.  I’m sure he was going to ask if she was hurt but Flynn cut him off.
“Ahha!  So Asher here knows that the vivacious Montgomery is his biggest weakness.”
“How am I his weakness?” Monty demanded.  Her fair face was flushed, a sure sign that she was getting worked up.  
“Yes, tell us, O Wise One,” Shayla chimed in.
“Had Asher not dropped everything to help Monty when things were getting the least bit difficult, Kendall would not be hurt right now.  He wouldn’t have gotten thrown into that hole and Monty would have gotten a lot more experience.”
“You can’t predict what might not have happened if one person had done something different,” Monty stuck up for Asher.  
“Then we have Miss Monty.  The Otherworldly dodges you and you get mad and go after him with a vengeance.  How did that backhand to the face feel?”  Obviously Flynn had seen everything.  I really didn’t approve of how he was tearing into my team but I didn’t want to draw his attention to me.
“Now, speaking of backhands to the face, Cael, maybe if you weren’t in Cam’s bubble the entire time he wouldn’t have accidentally hit you.  And Killer Cam, next time recognize that you’re not the only one fighting and try not to show off.”  Cael showed no reaction and Campbell just nodded.  He looked like he really wanted to flip Flynn off though.
Flynn turned to me and Shay.  “And now for the two who stopped in the middle of a battle to high-five.   Congratulations, you take the dumb move prize for the afternoon.”
“It was towards the end of the battle,” I disagreed.
“Also, Shayla, step outside the box.  The Seeking books do know a lot but the basic moves don’t always work.  And Corty,” I grimaced at him because I hate when people call me Corty.  “Next time hay bales start tipping towards you, don’t flinch and hold still, get out of the way.  And maybe that would work better if you paid attention.”
He turned in a circle, taking in our faces.  I personally wanted to hit him but that wouldn’t be setting a good example.  “I feel like I’m forgetting someone…” His gaze stopped on Kendall.  She was the picture of defiance, arms crossed, jaw jet.  He was really going to dish it out to her to see what she could take.  “Ah, yes.  Kendall.  The next time that you so blatantly throw yourself in harm’s way, I will personally deal with you.”
“You’re going to punish me?”  Kendall sneered.  Flynn was in for it now.  “You drag us out here and practically lure us into a trap.  Then you sit on the sidelines and observe.  And then you have the nerve, the audacity, to critique us…”
“And your point would be?” Flynn asked, sounding a little bored.  I wanted to hit him.
Kendall took one step towards him and threw a punch at his face.  He never saw it coming.  She hit him so hard that he fell back and hit the edge of the stall.  Flynn fell to the ground, out like a light.  “My point is you’re a jerk.”  She spun on her heel and stormed out of the barn. 
“Uh, she has the keys,” Asher said to Monty.  
“Aw crap.  Go,” Monty and Asher were gone.
Shayla looked at me.  “I’m sorry but I do not want to be in the car with him again,” she said apologetically, already slipping out the door. Cam nodded and was right behind her.
“Is he still alive?” I asked Cael, not bending to check on him myself.
“Yes.”
“He deserved it,” I mused out loud.  “He also deserves to stay here and make his own way back.”
“Maybe.  But that would be the wrong thing to do.”
“So how are we going to haul him through the woods?” I asked.  “I’m all for dragging him but that could cause even more damage.”
“You grab his legs and I’ll grab his arms,” Cael said.
Cael grabbed Flynn under the arms and I picked up his legs.  “He’s heavy,” I said, not able to lift him up very far.
“Just keep him off the ground and don’t let him hit anything.”
Ten minutes later we’re puffing through the woods, Flynn still blacked out.  My hands were all sweaty and cramped up so it was hard to keep a grip on him.  I dropped a leg and it dragged because Cael kept walking.  “Hang on,” I said.  “Lost a leg.”
Cael sighed and stopped walking backwards, waiting for me to get a better grip.  “This sucks,” I said to Cael.  “Next time Kendall gets to haul him out of here.  She got all the fun of hitting him and we do all the dirty work.”
“If Kendall were the one carrying him out, probably his body would stay here,” Cael said.  “Never to be seen again.”
“Tree.”
“What?”
“Tree,” I repeated.  Too late.  He ran into the tree.  
Cael glared at me.  Apparently I wasn’t doing a very good job of warning him when there were objects behind him.  But when I was the one walking backwards I didn’t walk fast enough.  Cael was just going to have to make up his mind.  “I tried,” I said pettily.  “Don’t blame me.”
“You are no help at all.”
“Well, if you’re so good maybe you should have eyes in the back of your- branch.”
“What?”
He hadn’t ducked and a branch had smacked him in the back of the head.  I earned myself another death glare.   “It’s not my fault that you aren’t reacting fast enough,” I said.  “There’s the car.  Try not to back into it.”
“Finally,” Cael said.  
After struggling briefly to fit Flynn into the back seat we finally got him in and shut the doors without slamming it on any arms, legs, or noggin.  We’d driven my car again.  Although Flynn had driven us down here, my spare keys were in my pocket.  I dangled them from my hand.  “Looks like I’m driving.” 
“Cortland,” Cael sighed like I was his biggest burden to bear.  
I didn’t allow him to argue, I just got into the driver’s seat.  I started the car and rolled down the window.  “I could just leave you here if that would be easier on your man ego,” I said.
Cael rolled his eyes and walked around to the other side and got in.  “It’s not my ego that doesn’t want you to drive the car.  It’s the statistics that go to show that guys are better drivers.”
I flipped him off and started the car.  I then proceeded to turn on the radio.  My hand was barely back on the wheel before Cael was turning it off.  I slammed on the brake and he jerked forward.  “Let me lay down the law,” I said, turning to face him.  “I don’t believe I’ve ever gotten around to that.  My car.  I’m driving.  I choose if we talk or if the radio is on.  Touch my radio again and I will rip off your hand and beat with you it.”  My serious face left no room for debate.
Cael was probably trying not to laugh at my horrible excuse of a threat but it didn’t matter because he didn’t argue.  I hit the gas and turned my radio back on.
The car wasn’t any less silent but at least I had the radio to keep my distracted.  By the time I hit the interstate the minor aches and pains from being squished were gone and I was left with feeling tired.  Soon it was dark.  The bounds of taillights in front of me, glowing red in the night and the headlights coming towards me didn’t make anything better.  Those cars were full of normal people, normal kids who didn’t have to deal with all the crap that I had to.  We were right outside a major city so the interstate was fairly crowded.  The sight of all those headlights and taillights made me feel so alone.
“You’re being really quiet,” Cael said out of the shadows of the passenger seat.  I’d thought he was asleep.
“Yeah, well I figured you’d have a mental breakdown if I left the radio on and tried to talk to you,” I said sarcastically.  I flipped on the turn signal and slid into the other lane.  The exit that would take me off of this interstate, onto a lonely highway that basically had no traffic and was more my speed was coming up fast.
“I’m tougher than you think I am,” he said easily.  “And I think you’re tougher than Flynn and I give you credit for.”
“Imagine that,” I replied. 
“I, for one, would never have pegged you for the type of girl who gets in the fast lane on the interstate.  I would have guessed you were one of those ones who sets your cruise right at the limit and never passed anybody and all the other drivers swear at you as they signal to go around.”
“My dad taught me how to drive too,” I said.  
“Your dad taught you a lot of things.”
“Yeah.  Thanks to him I can clean my own fish, ride like I was born in the saddle, and I can tell you about every football team in the county.”
“Sounds like you’re Miss Small Town Sweetheart.”
“I probably am,” I admitted.  “I love the small town life.  Everybody knows everybody, I got to do more in school than most kids in big cities, and there’s no horrible traffic.”
“They’re just diamonds and rubies,” Cael said absently, settling back.  “Sorry, Cort, but I got to sleep.”
“Go ahead,” I said, glancing at him.  My dad said the same thing about head lights and taillights.  I’d never heard anybody else say that.
In no time at all I was breezing through my small town.  A car full of teenaged boys drove past, flipping me the bird.  Burke’s cronies.  Luckily for them I had more serious things on my mind.  
I turned off on the road that would eventually wind around to my house.  My phone started ringing and I had to shift a little to reach it in my back pocket.  “What?”
“Don’t bite my head off,” Kendall snarled.  “I’m just calling to make sure you’re on your way home, not stranded in those woods.”
“We’ll be home in like five minutes,” I said.
“Is he with you?”  There was no doubt who in my mind Kendall was asking about.  The disgust and irritation in her voice kind of gave it away.
“What was I supposed to do?” I asked, the irritation evident in my voice.  “Leave him out there in the woods somewhere?”
“Yes,” Kendall said, echoed by four other voices.
I didn’t even reply, I just flipped my phone shut.  “I appreciate you not leaving me out in the woods somewhere,” came Flynn’s voice from the backseat.
I looked in the rearview mirror and jumped.  He was sitting up, looking remarkably bright-eyed considering he’d just been knocked out.  I hadn’t even heard him move.  “Yeah, well, don’t thank me.  I wanted to ditch you before we ran into the first tree.”
“Lies,” Cael yawned, sitting up straight in the passenger seat.  “Cortland never ran into a tree.  That was all me.”
“Whatever.  I got to give that girl props, she sure knows how to hit,” Flynn said, rubbing at his jaw.  “It still hurts.”
“She did have a point,” I said.  “If she hadn’t done it, I probably would have gotten you eventually.”
“Two of her friends hit me, so consider yourself lucky.”
Cael and Flynn weren’t prepared for me to slam on the brakes.  I cannot be held accountable for what happens when I have an epiphany.  “That’s what our problem is,” I said out loud.
“Your horrible driving?” Flynn asked, holding his head.  “Thanks for giving the concussion back.”
“No prob,” I said, putting my car in park.  “We’re not a team.”
“Ok?” Cael said slowly.
“How can we fight together if we can’t even get along?  We don’t do anything all together; we’ve all got out little cliques.  We need to be one unit if any of us are going to make it out.”
“And what do you suggest?” Flynn asked.
“Tomorrow I’m in charge of training.”

-Chapter 6-


Nobody was happy.  And I mean nobody.  When you cram eight teens into one house and have eight totally different and often clashing personalities, things get a little tense.  Kendall was still livid with Flynn and he was being his typical sarcastic self.  I had snapped at Cael this morning and had yelled at Flynn when he’d barged into my room to bug me about my training plans.  A girl can only get dressed in her closet so many times before it gets annoying.  
“Alright, team,” I began cheerfully.  Cue seven death glares in my direction.  “Today I am going to be the one training.”
“Oh, thank god,” Shayla said.  “Sanity in charge.”
Flynn looked at her.  Then his death glare went back to me.  He’d told me multiple times that he thought my trust exercises were going to be pointless wastes of time.  I’d actually been kept up until two in the morning as he and Cael tried to change my mind.  There was no turning me back now.  
“I have noticed over the past few days that we are not on the best of terms.  In order to win, I think we need to be a team, one unit.  So for today, and today only, Flynn’s orders…” I paused for the eye rolls from Kendall, Shay, and Monty, “we are going to build a solid foundation of trust.”
Maybe my gestures were a little too much.  Cael bit back a laugh and Flynn looked like he was going to throw up.  Everyone else just looked at me like I had to be kidding.  “First off, is the traditional catching exercise.”
“That is so stupid,” Flynn said.  “What is that going to do?”
I was in the middle of the circle and I knew Shayla was behind me.  We practically read each other’s minds so I knew she was catching on to my plan.  “It’s not stupid,” I said.  “It’s going to do many things.  Like prove I can trust Shay.”
I just fell backwards.  I managed to time it perfectly so that Shay went to whisper something to Monty and totally missed what I was doing.  So she totally didn’t catch me.  Landing on my butt hurt a little, but mostly my pride was bruised.  Everyone was outright laughing at me.  I stood up and dusted off my butt.  “After today, that will never happen again.”  I sniffed righteously.  
After about two hours of trust, even I had to admit it was making things worse.  I finally gave up   when Monty snapped at me and Campbell.  I threw down what I’d been using as a blindfold and turned on my heel.  “I am done.  I’m just going to go turn myself over to the assassin.  I could do a better job by myself anyway.  Everyone is free to go.”
I was to the house before anyone even reacted.   They were all probably stunned because, up until now, I’d been keeping my outlook pretty positive.  I am always the cheerful one.  “Cort,” Cael called after me.  I stomped up the porch and slammed the door shut on my way in.
I retreated to my room.  I slammed that door too for good measure.  Of course it had no lock on it so I had to move my dresser in front of it to keep the idiots out.  I knew that wouldn’t stop Flynn or Cael on a mission so I moved my night stand in front of it too.  Then I flopped on my bed. 
This was the first time in like a week that I’d allowed the tears to well up.  Angry tears, hurt tears, tired tears.  They just burned in my eyes, not daring to fall.  I sniffled.  This was so stupid.  I wanted to be anywhere but here.  I never had any alone time or time to relax and I really wanted my parents.  Ugh.  The first knocks sounded at my door.  I ignored it, not making a sound.
I rolled over onto my stomach and stewed in my misery.  That didn’t make me feel any better.  Dang it.  I rolled off of my bed.  Monty and Shay just weren’t giving up on getting through that door.  I sat on my floor and tilted my head back to look at my ceiling.  It held no answers.  I grimaced and rolled my head to look at my desk.  The hideously long, smelly book resting on top of it held answers.  I knew what I had to do.
I sat at my desk for a good amount of time, just reading and occasionally scribbling down something that could be important.  It was a good thing I really wasn’t Queen because there was a lot to it. 
I went to glance out my window, to daydream for a second and check that a rebel army wasn’t bearing down on us, and screamed.  Cael was just looking at me, sitting on the roof outside of my window.  “What the hell are you doing?” I asked, hand over my heart, trying to keep it from bursting.  
“Could you just let me in?” he requested.  
I stood and opened up my window, stepping out of the way as he swung in.  He turned and shut the window after him.  “Would you mind explaining why you were lurking outside of my window?” I demanded.
“I could not stand sitting down there for one more minute.  And again, this room is my room, so I had nowhere else to go.  Plus, I wanted to check on you, make sure you weren’t trying something stupid.”
I narrowed my eyes at him.  “I’m not up to anything stupid, as you can see.  Now, go back the way you came and deal with everyone else.”
Cael flopped back on my bed, hands crossed behind his head.  “No thank you.”
“Cael…”  I stopped because I realized I sounded like a whiny three year old.  “Why won’t you people just leave me alone?”
Cael was in the middle of shrugging when my door flew open, knocking my dresser and night table to the side.  I glared at Flynn.  “Does anybody knock anymore?”
“We’ve been knocking for about an hour and that really hasn’t done anything.  Once your little buddies were distracted by discussing ways to talk you out of your funk, I decided to take matters into my own hands.”
“The two of you just weren’t comfortable with all the talk of emotions and human interaction, were you?” I said sarcastically.
Cael made a face at me but said nothing.  Flynn just told the truth.  “I have never heard so much talk about anger and stress and blah blah, I don’t care, blah.  You’ve got two options.  You can sit in this room and they can sit down there and we can all wait for the rebels to come…”
“Or,” I prompted him.
“We can all go out on another field trip.”
I stared at him, one eye brow raised.  The last field trip hadn’t gone well.  I’d been locked in a barn and crushed and then I’d had to carry a very heavy person through some woods.  On the other hand, some violence might improve my mood.  I mentally cracked my knuckles.  “Let’s get going then.”
Flynn smiled.  Well it was more a tiny grin than a smile but for Flynn it was probably epic.  “Tell everybody to take a nap because tonight…we’re going out.”

“Okay, honestly, how many cat burglar suits do you have?” Campbell asked me.  
I looked down at my black jeans, my dark grey camisole, and my black jacket.  Then there were my favorite black heels.  “This isn’t a cat burglar suit.”
“What would you call it?”
“I’m going monster hunting and I need to blend in with the darkness…suit.”
We were all waiting in between some practically collapsing buildings while Flynn looked over my enchanted map.  I rolled up my sleeves because it was a little warm out, even under the cover of darkness.  “Okay,” Flynn folded up the map and stuck it in his pocket.  “We’re going to be studying some of the team dynamics so we can figure out our strengths and weaknesses.  This time I will not be the only one doing the studying.  Down this alley, to our left, there is an Otherworldly.  I want two people to go out there and show what they’ve got.”
Nobody wanted to be the first to volunteer in case this was a trick.   I slapped Shay on the back.  “Come on, twin.  Let’s show them what we can do.”
The two of us walked down the alley, the rest of our group following a short distance behind.  “Why would you volunteer us to go first?” Shay asked.
“Because we kick butt and this one is probably a small one.”
Boy was I wrong.  Five minutes later Shay was on one side of this huge ostrich looking monster and I was on the other.  This thing had huge trunk-like legs that had sharp talons.  Its beak was equally sharp and it had rows of pointy teeth.  It had knocked me with one of its wings and I’d almost had my shoulder pop out of place.  It had a long neck but its body topped out at twelve feet, another three or four added to that for its neck.  I’d tried stabbing its legs but it really didn’t feel anything.  And it was fast at jabbing at you with the razor sharp beak.  
“Shayla, I have a plan,” I called, dodging the beak.
“What is this plan?”
“Remember that cheerleading move?” 
“Yes?”  She had no clue where I was going with this.
“Get ready for it.”
Then it hit her what I was going to do.  She distracted the giant bird and I went to sneak around behind it.  It sensed my movement and tried to kick at me.  I hit the dirt and rolled the rest of the way.
Shayla had positioned herself at the necessary angle towards the bird and me and had her hands ready to give me a boost.  I put my dagger back in the sheath because I really didn’t want to stab her if this went awry.  I got a running start, jumped up, she caught the bottom of my feet, and gave the added boost to my momentum that I needed.  I did a flip and ended up on its back.  
Of course I was backwards but I turned in enough time, drawing my dagger as I went, to jab it in between the eyes with it as it was craning its neck to get me.  I had so totally not meant to do that but it worked.  Instantly it started flailing around and stumbling and spinning and I was hanging on.  “Shayla!” I called.
She threw her dagger and got it right in the jugular.  That just made the whole flailing thing messier.  I knew I had to bail.  The giant bird’s body just loosened and then started tipping.  “Timber!” Shayla yelled, getting out of the way.
I meanwhile knelt on its back and did a perfect flip off, landing a split second after the body hit the ground.  My cheer coach would have been proud that it was still engrained in me to throw my arms up in a V.  I did manage to resist the urge to do a kick.
“That took about ten minutes longer than it should have,” Flynn said.
“I got to give them props on their creativity though,” Cael said.  “And I give that flip a nine, nine point five.”
“A nine?” I protested.  “Did you see that?  It was perfect.”

A short time later it was my turn to go with Kendall.  The group stared as I took a moment to stretch and pop my back and neck and get into the mindset.  Fighting with Kendall was way different than fighting with Shay.  Kendall was all business, there would be no laughing like I’d done with Shay at the big bird.  Kendall also had the potential to make things more dangerous, because she’d just throw herself at the monster.
“Why do I always get the big ones?” I asked Kendall as we spotted our target.
Ash snickered.  “That’s what she said.”
I absently slapped at him and hit someone.  When I got hit back I realized I’d hit Flynn.  My bad.  “Get out there, ladies.”
“I have to assess the situation,” I turned to say to him.  This thing was like a trailer sized bear.  Only instead of being furry, it had spikes.  That put a real damper on the close fighting.  I’m sure it had some sharp claws and an unknown number of teeth.
“Well assess faster because your partner is already taking action.”
I turned.  Kendall, a dark blur, was streaking across the open field.  “Kendall,” I hissed, taking off into a sprint.
By the time I was in the danger zone Kendall already had it engaged and it had her backed up against a line of trees.   She was slashing and being a great distraction.  I’d used my sprint as my assessment time.  The spikes were all over its sides and back, probably protecting it.  We wouldn’t be able to do much damage.  But its belly was probably the weak spot.  If it wasn’t I was so going to get spiked.
Kendall did a really cool sideways flip away from the tree and the bear thing turned after her.  Then it saw me and came running.  I let out a quiet swear.  I kept running full speed at it.  Then I used the move that used to get me and Kendall in trouble during soccer because apparently slide tackling for the ball was illegal.  I hit the ground with my hip and slid right under the Otherworldly, drawing my sword and pointing it up.  Unfortunately stabbing the stomach put a real damper on my momentum and my slide suddenly turned into a somersault.  But I was out from under the Otherworldly. 
The Otherworldly collapsed and I looked around.  “Kendall?”  
She stepped out from the front of the Otherworldly.  “Nice moves, Corty.”
“You know I hate when you call me that,” I said snappishly.  “How did you get up there?”
“While it was running at you I grabbed onto a spike and pulled myself up.  Then I might have gotten it in the back of the neck, which distracted it from grabbing you by your pretty hair as you slid underneath it.”
“Yeah, well, get my sword.”
“That was risky,” Monty was the first to speak as I approached the group.
“Cort.”  I turned in time for Kendall to toss my sword at me.  I flinched and hopped out of the way.  That move had gotten me every single time in training and she knew it.  
“And so was that,” I snapped at Kendall.  “I don’t think Seekers can grow back appendages.”
“You two are by far the risk takers of the group,” Cael said.  “I almost had a heart attack. When suddenly Cortland disappears and all you can see was that thing… and then Kendall.”  He shot Kendall a disapproving look.
She shot him a look right back.  “It worked didn’t it.”
“I think it’s scary that you all know each other so well that when someone has a stupid plan, you all know how to work with it,” Flynn said.
“Or are our plans so brilliant they’re stupid?” Shayla asked as Flynn pulled out the map.  
Flynn stopped and thought it over.  Then he shook his head and looked at her.  “That doesn’t even make sense.”
“Maybe it’s you that doesn’t make sense.”
“Shayla, just stop while you think you’re ahead,” I said to her.
“Whose turn is it now?” Campbell asked.  “It’s going to be light soon.”
Flynn had put us in the middle of Otherworldly Central.  We’d really had no trouble finding new targets.  I’d seen everybody in action and I was pretty impressed.  Flynn was pretty much the wind and Campbell was nearly as good.  Then there was Cael.  Put him with anyone and he would do a great job.  I know he would hate me for it but I would describe his movements as dancing, so graceful and smooth, each one leading to the next.  I doubted I looked that good.
Flynn folded up the map.  “All that’s left is the Seeker and her Guardian.”
“Point me towards my target,” I said.
Flynn turned around and pointed.  “That field, over there.”
Cael and I split from the group and started walking, spaced out.  “I can’t believe there has been this many Otherworldlies in one concentrated area,” I said.  
“Well it is an area out in the middle of nowhere.  Those buildings,” he pointed at the small clump of ramshackle buildings, “are the only things in sight.  This is Otherworldly heaven because they have three towns within twenty miles that they can go get some munchies.”
“You are horrible,” I said.  “Eating people is not getting munchies.”
“How would you know?  Do you eat people?”
I sighed.  Change of topic.  “I don’t see anything.”
“If Flynn says it’s out here, the thing is out here.”
“Maybe he had the map upside down.”
But he didn’t.  I learned that when I almost fell in a huge hole in the ground.  I was literally in mid step when I looked down and saw that there was no next step.  Luckily I have reflexes like a cat and I kicked my fairy senses into gear and I did a flip over this ten foot hole.  “What the hell is that?” I asked, turning.
Cael was carefully circling around it.  “I couldn’t tell you.  But it is probably a good thing that you did not fall in that.”
Was he ever right.  We continued walking, scouting for whatever was out here, but only made it about ten feet.  I was maybe three feet in front of him and to the right when suddenly the ground started rumbling at my feet.  That was not good.  I stopped in my tracks and this huge snake with like five heads explodes from the ground in front of me.  One of the gaping mouths headed straight for me but Cael tackled me, arms wrapped around me as we rolled to the side.  
The two of us jumped to our feet and turned.  The thing was gone.  “Holy shit,” I said.  “What was that?”
“I have no idea.  But next time the ground starts shaking maybe you should move out of the way.”
“I will keep that in mind the next time I think there’s a five headed snake after me,” I said, raising my voice.  I shot a dirty look over my shoulder as I heard Campbell and Asher laugh at me.  It’s good to know that it’s amusing when I get hysterical.
“I would be quiet,” Cael said.  “It can probably hear us.  And feel us walking.”
I lowered my voice to a whisper.  “So are we just going to stand here all night and not talk?”
“Well I know that last part is fairly impossible for you so it looks like we need a plan.”
“I make a great distraction,” I advised.  
“And how do you suggest I kill the thing?”  Cael asked, raising his voice a little.  It’s good to know I can push his buttons and make him lose his patience.  
Our minor argument broke off when the ground under our feet started shaking and crumbling.  Cael shoved me to the side and jumped the other way.  The five headed snake popped out of the soil and stopped to survey us.  Its black scales stuck out sharply, contrasting to the blood red eyes.  “Devil snake,” I whispered, while I actually meant to just think it.
It heard me talk and all five heads whipped in my direction.  I was in trouble.  I quietly pulled my sword out of its sheath.  One of the heads snapped at me and I slashed it across the nostril.  It hissed and pulled back.  Another one came at me and I slashed it too.  All five of the heads hissed at me and sort of swayed, as if they were thinking something over.  Then all five of them snapped to attention, turning their heads in another direction.  Then in a flash they were back underground.  I was wondering what they were up to when I heard Shayla laugh.
“Run,” I yelled at the group clustered at the end of the field.  “Run!”
They all looked at me.  I took off in a sprint across the field, bent on beating those things to my friends.  Cael was after me like a shot.  “Run!” I screamed at them.  I had my fairy senses on and I could detect a slight tremor in the earth.  I was guessing that was the Otherworldly.  It had a lead on me and it was moving fast.
I saw Flynn kick on his senses and knew he saw the tremor too.  “Scatter,” he yelled.  As one my friends split, running in opposite directions.  And not a second too soon.  Where they had been clustered was suddenly a mass of snake heads.
Now we were all spread out in the field and the snakes disappeared again.  We all froze.  I had my gaze glued to the ground, trying to detect the Otherworldly moving.  I heard a slight whisper.  It was either dirt or… “Shayla!”
Shayla was jumping out of the way as the Otherworldly popped out of the soil right where she’d been standing.  She lost her footing and fell.  Before the Otherworldly could snap at her Flynn and I were standing in front of her.  I had never put my sword away and Flynn’s was in his hand, like it was an extension of him.  “Do you know how to kill this one?” I asked Flynn.
“Stab it a whole bunch of times.”
“Works for me.”
“Its heart is behind it eyes,” Shayla said as she pulled out her sword and stood next to me.  “That’s the easiest way to kill it.”
“It’s eyes?” Flynn looked at her.  “That’s a tiny target.”
“Its scales are too hard to pierce with a sword.  Trust me, the best bet is to get one of them in the eye.”
“So I only have to kill one?” I said.
“Get one and they all die.”
“Everybody else hear that?” I yelled.
“Yeah.”
The Otherworldly hissed at me and one of the heads snapped at me.  I took the opportunity to fall back and not get eaten and Flynn took the opportunity to try to stab it in the eye.  He missed and the Otherworldly ripped its head out of reach, pulling the sword with it.  “Nicely done, tonto,” I said.
The Otherworldly sank back into the ground and we all froze again.  Flynn was looking around, golden eyes glowing.  “Got a plan?” I whispered.
“I’m trying.”
“Well we can’t just stand here.  It won’t come up if we’re not attracting it.”
Asher, fifteen feet away, snorted.  “That’s what she said.”  Even with golden eyes, his mind was still dirty.
I shook my head.  I should have seen that one coming.  “Would it be wrong just to make a run for it and let the Otherworldly live in peace?”  
Flynn slapped the back of my head, Gibbs style.  “Ouch,” I hissed at him.  “No more NCIS for you.”
“Give me your sword,” he ordered.  
“Why me?”
“You’re the distraction.”
“Why me?” I repeated.
Flynn grabbed my sword and motioned for me to start running.  I took off in a dead sprint, trying to keep an eye out for the ground moving and to make sure I didn’t fall into a hole.  I ran about thirty feet, heading for Kendall when the ground started crumbling in front of me.  I turned on my heel and started running the other way.  I heard the hissing behind me and then it disappeared.  
This time I was heading for Cael or Monty.  The ground started shaking right beneath my feet so I dodged left, heading for Campbell.  The snake appeared out of a hole it had already made, scaring the crap out of me.  I skidded to a stop and turned right, heading back for Cael.  He was yelling at Flynn for using me as a distraction.  We all had a brief heart attack when the snake abandoned its tunnel system and came completely above ground.
I let out a minor stream of cussing and ran faster.  I was basically defenseless since I didn’t think a dagger would do much damage against the snake chasing after me.  I made it to Cael and he reached out and grabbed me, pushing me behind him.  “Flynn, I hope you’ve got a plan,” Cael yelled, sword out as the Otherworldly advanced on us.
“Everybody move in,” Flynn yelled.  “Aim for the eye.”
“Do not die,” I said to Cael.  “Unless you give me your sword first.”
“Thanks for your concern.”
The five-headed snake was right there, I could literally feel its breath on my face, and everyone else was still trying to get a good vantage point to kill the thing.  One of the heads reared back and I knew it was going to strike at Cael.  He wasn’t going to move because of me.  He was going to be all noble and stupid.  
The gaping snake jaw was heading right for me and Cael when suddenly it let out this hideous screeching noise and all five heads started swinging around crazily.  One of them almost knocked into Cael and me but luckily it was more distracted by the sword sticking out of its eye.  Another head swung by and that one had a sword sticking out too.  I looked around and saw Flynn and Kendall a short distance away, both minus a sword.  They had talent being able to throw those swords at the small eyes.
The Otherworldly crashed to the ground.  I finally let my Fairy senses turn off, in time to glare at Flynn.  “You made me bait!”
He ignored me.  “Great work…team.”

After that field trip, things started going better.  There was even some smiling and laughter.  Training was no longer so regimented, it was more a ‘go out and work whenever and do whatever you want.’  Well, unless you were me.  I got dragged out early every morning by Flynn so he could train me hardcore.  I had to be ready for Blondie McHo Assassin.  And after being embarrassed and outfought multiple times I started practicing on my own.  Weights and running were involved.  While Cael was always nearby, it was all my will power doing the work.
It was a sunny afternoon and we were all sitting outside, stretching and getting ready for some mock fighting.  Our weapons, which were always close at hand, were laid out on a table Flynn had pulled out of the barn.  I was stretching my calves when I saw dust coming from the road.  There was hardly any traffic on my road.  And by hardly any I mean there is no traffic on my road.  
We weren’t very worried because we were situated behind the house.  I was laughing at something Asher had said to me when suddenly Kendall, who had been talking to Monty from a perch on the picnic table, suddenly struck a pose on the table.  She stretched out on her side, head in her hand, smiling innocently.  I looked at her questioningly as she nonchalantly slid a weapon farther behind her.
Flynn and Cael suddenly snapped to attention and I half turned.  And immediately wanted a hole to appear beneath my feet.  “Hey, baby.” Oh no, he didn’t.
I turned to give a death glare to my ex-boyfriend, who technically had never broken up with me.  I’d just stopped answering his texts and calls and changed my Facebook status to single.  I don’t think those signals were getting mixed.  “What are you doing here, Burke?” I asked.
“I just needed to talk to you,” he said, looking pitifully at me.  “I miss you, babe.”
“Don’t call me babe or baby,” I said coldly.  “And leave.”
He stepped closer and I really wanted to take a step back but I didn’t want to seem weak.  “I just want to talk about us.”
“Us?” I laughed.  “There is no us.  There’s a you…and your fiancée… and oh, yeah, your baby.”
“But I don’t love her.  I love you.”
This time when he took a step forward I put my hand out to make him keep his distance.  “Gee, I seem to remember you saying you loved me for about three years now and your sister tells me you’ve cheated on me for about… three years.  I’m done being your naïve little home town sweetheart and I’m definitely not going to be a home wrecker.”
“Don’t be such a douche,” Shayla said.  “Let it go and leave.”  Ah, the best friend.  Love her.
Burke shot her an evil look and then seemed to notice the four angry guys that were in their protective stances.  Had I been a normal person I would have been frightened of Cael and Flynn who look totally tall, dark, and intimidating.  Flynn stepped forward.  “I believe she told you to leave.”
Burke looked coldly at me.  “You’re going to regret this.”
I looked at him.  “I already regret every moment I wasted with you.”  BURN! 
After Burke made his dramatic exit I turned back to face my friends.  “Oh…my…god… that was horrible.”
“That was funny,” Shayla said.  “He is such an idiot.”
“Speaking of idiot,” Monty looked at Kendall who was now sitting up.  “What was up with your little ‘come hither’ pose?”
“That wasn’t a come hither pose,” Kendall said.  “That was my ‘oh crap, I have weapons of mass destruction behind me,’ pose.”
“That was hilarious,” I said to her.  “You almost gave it away with your flirty, innocent smile.”
“True that,” Campbell said.  “And stretched out like that I’m surprised the idiot’s gaze wasn’t drawn to you.”
“Thank you,” Kendall said.
“Hey,” I pretended to be insulted.
“Not that you aren’t very pretty too,” Campbell was quick to correct his mistake.
“But you didn’t have the come hither smile,” Shayla said to me.  “Your look was scary.”
“Was it?” I asked.  “Because I think he was more intimidated by the guys than he was me.”
“Well, look at you,” Asher said.  “You’re like a hundred pounds and short.  No one is intimidated.”
“I was intimidated,” Shayla said comfortingly.
“Thank you,” I said to her.  “And thank you,” I said to Flynn, giving him a one armed hug.  “I don’t think he would have left without your threatening presence.”  
“It’s no problem.  That’s what I’m here for.”  He smiled at me.  Actually smiled.  And I think he hugged me back.  What?  Was I growing on Flynn?
After our practice we all split to go about our individual days.  First on my list was nap time.  I stretched out on the couch since that was lass awkward than having Cael hang out in my room to protect me while I slept.  At least this way he could watch TV. Or not.
“Why are we watching reruns of America’s Next Top Model?” I heard him ask.  
“Because when I become a famous pop singer I’m going to need this knowledge,” Shayla answered.  
“I bet you’ve seen this one at least three times.”
I kept my eyes closed but listened to the episode.  I’d seen this one five times and it was hilarious.  Shayla had probably watched it twice as many times.  “No,” she lied.
It was silent for a few moments.  Then Cael spoke up again.  “Cort, I know you’re not asleep.  Please do not make me sit through this torture.”
I sat up.  “Don’t be such a baby.”
“I can feel my testosterone draining away.”  He looked like he was in pain, watching the skinny wannabe models get their hair done.
“Trust me, you could stand to lose some of it,” Shayla said, stealing my blanket.  I tried to snatch it back but she had an iron hold on it.  This is why at sleep overs I needed a spare blanket hidden under my bed.  It was that or wake up with all the blankets pulled to her side and frozen feet.
Cael ignored her.  “Cort….”
I got to my feet.  “Fine.  What do you suggest we do?”
“I’ve got some suggestions,” Shayla muttered.  I ignored what was sure to be a dirty comment from her.
“A run?”
I made a gagging noise.  “No thank you.”
“Lifting?”  I shook my head.  “Can we just go out to the barn and I’ll practice and you sit there and look pretty?”
I beamed at him.  “That’s what I do best.”
“Ha.”  Before I followed Cael out of the living room I threw a pillow at Shay.  Without even taking her gaze off the TV she knocked it out of the air.  
Cael had gone out the front door and I followed.  He was paused on the porch, and when I came out he protectively blocked me.  “Do we know this person?”
I stood on my tiptoes to look over his shoulder.  I groaned.  “That would be Burke’s baby momma.”
“Whore.”  That was how she greeted me.
Cael let out a breath and stepped out of the way.  What a body guard.  “You must be Belle,” I said.  I’d heard enough about her before the store had nixed me.  “Great to meet you too.”
“Stay away from Burke, you slut,” said the pregnant and unmarried chick.  “He’s mine.”
“Burke came out here,” I informed her calmly.  “I want nothing to do with him.  Maybe you should talk to him about ceasing the calls and texts.”
“You’re the one that calls him,” she accused me.  This girl was pretty.  Blonde, slim, brown eyes.  Shallow.  She and Burke would make a great couple.  I frankly didn’t see why she was intimidated by me.  Self-esteem is a wonderful thing.  
“Trust me, I don’t.”
Her gaze flickered to Cael, who was standing out of the hair pulling zone.  “Who’s he?”
“That’s-“
“I’m Cael,” he stepped forward and put his arm around me.  He pulled me in and nuzzled my hair.  I was slightly uncomfortable.  “We’ve been dating for a while but she didn’t want to make it official until she could tell Burke face to face that it was over.”  He pulled me closer.
I smiled at her and her stunned expression.  And there came the apologetic.  “I’m sorry.  Enjoy your life.” Then she was off of my porch and pulling her car out of my driveway.
I was frozen for a second.  Cael slowly detached himself from me and moved to stand in front of me.  “Are you okay?” he asked.  He tilted my chin upwards with his hand.  “Cort?”
“I’m just peachy,” I said dryly.  “I want my normal life back.”
Cael bounded down the steps.  “You were never normal.”
“Yes, I was.  I had Barbie dolls and I liked pink things and I could wear dresses and ribbons.  I had a brother and self-defense wasn’t necessary.  And the only monsters I knew about were the imaginary ones hiding under my bed.”
“Has anyone ever told you that you’re a downer?”  Cael held open the barn door.  
“Says the one who wants car rides to be completely silent.”
Cael made a face at me and headed for the weight lifting section of the barn.  I knew I wasn’t going to participate in that so I headed for the little area my dad had used to separate us when he was quizzing us over moves.  It was about fifteen by ten and had a little cot that I was planning on finally getting to nap on.  I made a face when the stereo in the lifting area started blasting out angry rock music.  There was a stereo in here.  The radio never got signal in here so I just turned it to CD.
I sat on the edge of the cot and laughed at the song that started playing.  Apparently nobody had used this in a long time because it was a mixed CD that Monty had brought in that was all Britney Spears.  We used to sit in here and dance along to it instead of being bored.  
I smiled, thinking back to those days before we’d been totally aware that we were girls and we were pretty.  Now we had much better dance moves.  Especially after dance team and cheerleading.  The smile faded away.  I couldn’t remember the last time that I’d just danced like an idiot and had fun with it.  
Toxic came on and I turned it up.  I loved this song.  We’d done a routine to this in dance team.  I bet I remembered it.  I bet if I didn’t I could make it up.  I peeked around the corner of the wall.  Cael was involved in weight lifting.  I was safe to make a fool of myself.  I started the song over and turned it up a little more.  
I had so much fun spinning around and dancing and making goofy, over the top facials that when the next song came on I continued to dance.  I even sang along to it.  It felt so good to be a regular teen.   I was rocking out to “Slave for U,” when suddenly I was being pressed into the wall.   My mind immediately jumped to assassin so I started to struggle and then I was being kissed like nobody’s business.  Not killer.  My mind went a little numb and the rest of me melted.
The lips broke away and I was able to focus on Cael.  “What the hell?” I asked.
“It should be illegal to dance like that.”  He went back in for another kiss.  So sue me, I didn’t try to stop him.
He broke off to breathe.  “This is bad.  We should not be doing this.”  There.  I did my part to put a stop to this madness.
“Then stop me.”  Oh man.  

An unknown amount of time later I woke up, Cael’s arms wrapped around me.  His head was nestled in the crook of my shoulder.  Oh my god.  What did I just do?
I tried to loosen his grip so I could avoid the embarrassing situation ahead of me and make a run for the hills.  I could change my name and dye my hair and nobody would ever find me.  This was all a product of the stress.  I was feeling lonely and… shit.  He’d tightened his grip.  The only way this could get worse… well, this couldn’t get worse.
I moved a little and Cael opened his eyes.  Here comes the awkward.  He kissed my collarbone and I almost forgot that this was BAD.  All capital letters, that’s how bad this was.  To remind myself and him I said, “That was bad.”
He sat up, releasing me.  “I beg to differ.”
I grabbed my clothes off the floor.  “You know what I mean, Cael.  That was not smart.”
I was torn between being modest and getting dressed as fast as possible.  Either way, I was dressed within seconds and heading for the door.  Clean get away.
Or not.  I was halfway across the yard when he caught up to me, still pulling on his shirt.  “Cortland, talk to me.”
“There’s nothing to talk about,” I said, not slowing down.  “We never speak of that.  Ever.”
“Cortland,” Cael grabbed my forearm and pulled me around to face him.  “Please.”
“Cael, you and I are two totally different people.  That was such a huge mistake.  I’m not the type of girl who does… that,” I gestured back at the barn.  “I barely know you.”
“You know me pretty well now,” he grinned at me.
“Oh my god,” I hissed at him.  “We just… and you’re cracking jokes.”  I turned on my heel and headed for the house.  Cael followed me.  I looked at him from the corner of my eye.  “Comb your hair,” I hissed, as I opened the door.
Now if I could just make it to my room and my shower and I could wash away all memories of this.  And not get caught by any of my friends.  I bumped into Campbell as he came out of the kitchen.  “Whoa Cortland, where’s the fire?”
“Nowhere, no fire,” I said nervously.  “Just need a shower after training.”  Or something.
“Ok.”  Campbell looked over my shoulder at Cael.  “Dude, you need to shower too.”
“Thanks.”  Cael was biting his lip.  I’m glad someone found this situation funny.  I shot him a venomous look over my shoulder and ran up the stairs.
I took the fastest shower of my life and then realized I’d been in such a hurry that I hadn’t grabbed clean clothes.  Cue sigh.  Well there was nothing else to do than step out in that hallway and hope that Cael was nowhere around.  
I quietly opened the door and poked my head around.  All appeared to be clear.  I stepped out delicately and turned for my room.  Four steps and we were home free.  Or Cael could be sitting in my room, studying Whisper books.  He heard me and turned.  His lips twitched but he did not smile, probably knowing that I would kill him on the spot.  He brushed past me, unnecessarily I might add, and headed for the shower.  “Nice hair.”
I snarled at his back and shut my bedroom door.  With a wave of my hand I moved my dresser in front of it.  I opened my closet and reached for the baggiest pair of sweatpants and sweatshirt that I own.  I got dressed and then caught a glimpse of myself in the mirror.  My eyes looked so big and so, I don’t know, frightened.  My eyes hadn’t looked that big since I’d been cornered by an Otherworldly when I was ten and Kendall had managed to save me.  I hadn’t combed my hair after my shower so the curls were crazy and parted to the side.  It actually looked cute but I knew it would never hold.  My hair, like my life, was uncontrollable.
I moved my dresser and stepped in the hall.  I tiptoed past the bathroom and ran down the stairs.  Monty looked at me from the kitchen.  She was fixing herself lunch, probably consisting of fresh fruit and veggies and yogurt.  I could never live off of that.  “Nice outfit,” she said.
My comeback was cut off when Kendall called out from the living room.  “Guys.”
Apparently that was my summons.  I stepped into the living room.  She was sitting straight up in the recliner, all of her attention on the television.  It was no longer America’s Next Top Model, which explained why Shayla was nowhere to be found.  “What’s up, Kendall?” 
“There’s been another attack at that mall.  Something is attacking girls or women as they come out and beats the crap out of them for no apparent reason.  The police are blaming some sort of vampire cult because the women all wake up with these punctures on their wrist.”
“That does sound suspicious,” I said.  “I’ll go check on it.”
“You shouldn’t go alone,” Monty stepped into the hall to call after me.  
“I won’t.  I’ll get Shay and we’ll take care of it.  I need to change.  I do have an image to uphold.”
“Cael is going to be pissed.”
“Cael can get over it,” I mumbled. “Where’s Flynn?”  He would probably sense that I was going to leave without my Guardian and be all over me like white on rice.  
“He said he had something to do and took a car and left.  I don’t know where Campbell is.”
“Then Shay and I will be gone before they can stop us.  We’ll be fine.  Just distract them for as long as possible.”
I got dressed in record time and met Shayla at her car.  “Finally,” she said as we pulled out of the driveway.  “It is about time we got some quality twin time.”
“A breather from the rest of the group,” I agreed.  “One more day and I think I would go crazy.”
“Flynn doesn’t let us go Otherworldly hunting nearly enough to burn off excess rage.  Sometimes I want to just pummel things.”
“Hence the off the record field trip,” I smiled.
Within an hour Shayla was pulling into the mall parking lot.  I directed her where to go based off of the scenery behind the reporter informing the citizens of the area of the latest attack.  She turned off the car and we both turned on our fairy senses.  I scanned the area for dust.  There were faint shimmers all over the place but nothing dark enough to advertise that it was nearby.
“Maybe it isn’t around because there’s no bait,” Shayla suggested.  
“Could be.”  I was thinking she was going somewhere with this.  
“But it won’t fall for it unless we look like normal girls out on a shopping spree.”
I could totally see where this was going.  “Probably not.”
“So we should just go in and get some necessities and come out and see what creature pops out at us.”
“I like the way you think, twin,” I beamed at her.  Shopping was just the thing I needed to get my mind off the Cael situation.
We both got out of the car and headed for the mall entrance.  
“You’re looking good,” Shayla said, looking at my outfit.  I had on my favorite steel grey ruffled skirt, a wine colored off the shoulder top, and my dark grey tights that diamond patterns in it.  Then came my black boots that came up to my knees and gave me three inches.  
I smiled at her.  “Thanks twin.  You’re looking fabulous too.”  She was wearing a green tank and a lavender lacey see-through tank over it, layered over her black skinny jeans.  She was wearing her black boots too but her heel size was more sensible than mine.
We browsed through a few stores but my heart wasn’t in it.  I was almost out of hair product and that would be a disaster so that was all I bought.  Shayla loves to shop so I just followed her around and browsed, giving my opinion when Shayla asked for it.  We stopped to get a smoothie before going Otherworldly hunting and she asked me outright, “What’s wrong?”  
I slurped innocently on my strawberry smoothie.  “What do you mean?”
“You’re acting differently.  Like there’s something on your mind that you’re dying to talk about but you don’t want to talk about because then it’s out there and you can’t take it back.”
I sighed.  Yeah, there was already no way that this whole Cael situation could be taken back.  And Shayla was my best friend.  If I couldn’t tell her, I couldn’t tell anyone.  I really needed some input on how to handle this situation.  “Um… I really don’t know how to tell you this,” I said, truly drawing a blank on how to tell my best friend I’d just made a huge mistake.
“Just start from the beginning,” she suggested.
“Ok.”  The beginning.  Ok.  I could do that.  “So when Cael and I went out to the barn, well first Burke’s fiancée like attacked me, and she didn’t believe that I’m over that d-bag so Cael stepped in and put his arm around me and said that we were dating…”
“Noble of him,” Shayla commented, sipping at her smoothie.  
“It was slightly weird because Cael isn’t a touchy feely guy and then we went out to the barn and he turned on his horrible music and I went back to our little break room to try to nap but I turned on the CD player first.”
“What music was in it?” Shayla asked.  “We haven’t used that in like forever.”
“It was that Britney Spears mixed CD,” I smiled.  “But that one that we danced to for drill team came on and I just had to get up and dance because I haven’t done anything carefree like that in forever and so I was dancing…”
“Oh no, Cael saw you.  Did he make fun of you?”
“Um, not exactly.  You know, this is just too embarrassing. We are taking too much time here.  We should go get our job done and get back before Flynn and Cael come hunting for us.”
We figured our odds would be better to attract the Otherworldly if we walked out separately.  She walked out first and made it to the car, then called me.  “Nothing.”
“Do you sense anything?” I asked, heading for the exit, my bag in hand.  And I’d borrowed one from Shay so we’d be balanced.  
“There’s something out there, and it got close but I didn’t spot it.”  
“Well, maybe I’ll have better luck.”  And I did.
Apparently the Otherworldly liked its odds better with me.  Maybe I looked less likely to fight back or get away with my too high heels.  Whatever its reasoning, I was halfway to the car, just out of sight of the mall doors, when I was tackled by something. I literally had not seen it coming. This Otherworldly was like a giant bat without wings.  It reminded me of that creature from Jeepers Creepers.  But it was only three feet tall so it was hard to take seriously.  It squealed at me and tried to bite my wrist. I knocked it off of me and then it scuttled off between the cars.  
I looked around and didn’t see it so I decided to get out of the cars and went in the middle of the drive.  I kept turning in circles, trying to catch a glimpse of it.  It might be a dwarf Otherworldly but it could still do some damage.  
Then there was a gunning car engine, a squeal, a thump, and then Shay was looking was looking at me from her rolled down window.  I spun around and saw Shay’s car idling behind me.  “Problem solved.”
I smiled and went to go get in the passenger side. “Nicely done.” 
She got onto the main street that would lead us to the interstate when her car made a funny noise.  “What was that?”
“Maybe I broke something when I ran over that stupid thing,” Shayla said, slowing down a little.
I leaned over to look at her dash.  “Your engine is overheating.”  The little arrow was in the red, DANGER zone.  
“How do I get it to un-overheat?” she asked.  
I snorted.  “I don’t know.  Maybe turn off the air and the radio.”  That was the extent of my car knowledge.  And it was probably wrong.
“Nothing happened.”
“Maybe we should just pull over and let your car relax in the shade.”
“Fine.  There’s a gas station over there.”  She signaled and turned into the gas station’s parking lot.  This was in the growing part of the town, surrounded by construction zones and houses and stores being built.  Today was the hottest day of the summer so far and I was dying without the air conditioning.  “How hot do you think it is?” I asked Shayla as sweat dripped down my neck.
“Ninety five.  Probably more. We’d probably be better off if we weren’t wearing black.”  She leaned her head against her window.  “What do we do?”
“I don’t know.  When I have car problems I call my dad.  I don’t even know how to get ahold of them and I don’t want to endanger them,” I said.  Tears welled up in my eyes.  “I really miss my parents.”
“Me too.”
“Shay, I’m really sorry that I dragged you guys into this,” I said, leaning my head against the window to get some fresh air on my face.  “I just panicked.  I trust you guys and I knew I wouldn’t get a dagger in the back if you guys were on my side.”
“We don’t blame you.  I would have done the same thing.  And you’re handling these things very well.  It’s only been like three weeks.”
“Yeah.  Is the little arrow going down at all?”
Shayla glanced at her dash. “No.”  Then she sat up straight in her car.  “I just had an idea.”  She started her car.  It took a couple of tries but the engine caught and she backed out of her spot.  
“What are you doing?  We are not going to make it on the interstate.”
“I’m not going on the interstate.  I’m going to the car wash.  Think about it.  Cool water, splashing all over my car.  Genius.”
“Sounds like a plan to me.”  Like I said, I know nothing about cars.  
This car wash, which was attached to the gas station, was fancy enough that it had its own attendant.  “What can I get you ladies?” he asked.
“We just want the basic car wash,” Shayla said.  
“Well, there’s the premium package that’s twelve dollars where it waxes your car at the end or the basic package where it just washes it.”
“How much is that one?” Shayla asked.
“Six dollars.”
“I want that one.”  She handed him six dollars.  He motioned for her to go forward.
Shayla steered the car into the little tunnel and we rolled our windows up.  Then we sat there while the water splashed all over her car.  “Is it cooling off?” I asked.
“A little.  Yes.  Ha. I am so smart.”  The little green light was the signal that she needed to pull her car forward.  Soap was squirted on her car and then the giant mop things swirled it around.  The car continued to edge forward and the needle continued to go down, a centimeter at a time.  It was excruciating.  
There was more water to rinse the soap off and then we entered the car drying portion of the car wash.  The one in our small town had what we call an air dryer, where you drive around and it dries naturally.  This newfangled one had what looked like giant hair dryers blasting at her car.  “No,” Shayla practically shrieked.  “This is the opposite of what I wanted!  How did they do this?  This is horrible.”
I was laughing hysterically as she flipped out about the needle starting to go back up.  “Why would you do this?” she demanded, hitting her steering wheel. “How long are you going to last, stupid car dryers? Make it stop!”
She wasn’t paying attention to me and my secret was just weighing on my soul.  I just needed to say it out loud.  Suddenly I was blurting out, “Shayla, I slept with Cael.”
“What?”  Suddenly the car dryers weren’t that important anymore.  “When?  Why didn’t you tell me?”
“It just happened today.  I’m telling you now.  I don’t know what to do or how to act or… I feel so stupid.”  I settled against the car seat.  
“Why do you feel stupid? This was bound to happen with eight teenagers in one vicinity.  But you are so lucky that he is gorgeous or I would totally slap you right now.”
I had nothing to do but laugh.  “Thanks, Shay.”
“It’s what I’m here for.  That boy has been eyeing you since the day he got here.  I’m surprised he hasn’t made a move long before this.”
I thought it over.  There was that knee squeezing incident.  And rushing to help me.  He had healed me.  He quizzed me over Fairy stuff.  He teased me.  He beat up on me in training but he was nice about it.  “I think that since I barely qualify as female I might have missed the other, not so obvious, signs.”
“It’s not because you’re not girly, it’s because you don’t pay attention to the right things.  You get in the zone and you don’t notice people looking at you because you’re gorgeous.  That’s why I always go shopping with you to point out when guys check you out.  And, trust me, Cael has been checking you out.”
“I guess it’s a bit of a relief that it wasn’t just some spur of the moment thing that got out of control,” I mused.
“Well, we know he wasn’t turned on by your dancing,” Shay said, finally pulling the car out of the hot zone.  “And we are officially back to where we started.  We need someone with knowledge.”
“I’m dialing the house right now,” I said, pulling out my phone.  Maybe Asher or Cam would answer the phone.  They would be nice.  No such luck.
“Hello?”
“Hey, Cael,” I said, trying not to sound disappointed.  “It’s Cortland.”
“Where are the two of you?  Are you ok?  What-?”
“We’re fine.  The car isn’t.  It’s overheating and Shayla and I have no idea what’s wrong.  We’re at some gas station on the eastern part of downtown, the one next to the new neighborhoods.”
“There’s a bunch of gas stations down there.  Can you be more specific?”
I looked around but didn’t see any street signs.  “It’s got a car wash thing attached to it and there’s a big yellow guy in a raincoat spinning around.”
“All right.  I know right where you are.  Don’t move.”
“Our car is broken.  We ain’t moving.”
“Let me rephrase, stay out of trouble.”  He handed the phone off to someone.
I figured out it was Monty when she said, “You shouldn’t have gone without permission.”
“Bite me.”
“He has been freaking out all afternoon.  Pacing has been involved.  He almost called Flynn but he didn’t want to get the two of you into trouble.”
“I’m the queen.  I do what I want,” I said, slouching defiantly in my seat. 
“Yeah, you keep believing that.  I don’t know why he handed the phone to me and I’ve said all I want to, so I’m going to hang up on you now.”
“Okay.  Have fun.”  In your air-conditioned, comfortable house. While I sit in the heat of the car.
“Maybe the guy running the counter will have some knowledge,” Shayla said.  “And I could really use a drink.”
I could use a bathtub full of ice but I’d settle for a cold drink.  “Well, odds are he knows more than we do.”
“Odds are it’s cool in there.”
“Sold.” 
Shayla and I went inside and browsed through the small car care section.  My game plan was just to look over everything and nod my head.  All while looking thoughtful and serious, of course.  “Do you have any idea what we need?”  Shayla asked me.
“Nope,” I said, continuing the head nodding.  “I think I’ve put that type of oil in my car.”  I pointed at one.
“Good enough for me.”  Shayla grabbed it off the shelf.  “Does that make a car overheat?”
“Can I help you?”  the guy at the register asked.
“Oh, thank god,” Shayla turned to him gratefully.  “My car is broken.”
“Define broken.”
“The engine overheat arrow is all the way to the top and it’s hard to start,” Shayla said.  
“Ok, it probably needs coolant,” he handed her another plastic container.  “Can I get you anything else?”
“Point us to the cool drinks.”
Five minutes later Shayla and I were back out at the car.  “My goal is to get the car fixed before Cael gets here so I don’t have to see him,” I said to Shayla as I read the back of the bottle.
“Do you want to move to like Canada and dye our hair and change our names?  I think you’d look good with black hair.  Could I pull off being a blonde?”  
I laughed.  “That was my first idea too.  We really are twins.”
“Heck yes.  But nobody could handle us as sisters so we had to be split.”
I handed the bottle to her and took a sip of my jumbo pop.  “There is really nothing of use on that.  It says to pour in the proper spot.”
“Where’s the proper spot?”  We had her hood popped open so it was easy to look at.  
“Well, it looks like it could be that little symbol… Or that one… Maybe that one.”  I looked at Shay mournfully.  “I really have no idea.”
“Are you girls having car troubles?”
Shayla and I looked at our wannabe helper with mild disdain.  Was his first clue our clueless looks or the hood propped up?  But I was nice because maybe he wasn’t a creeper trying to lure us to his kidnapper van, maybe he was honestly trying to help.  “No, we’ve got it under control.  My boyfriend… Killer is on his way to get us.”
“He just got out of jail today, so we really lucked out,” Shay said solemnly beside me.
The guy thankfully walked off.  “Was I too obvious?” I asked, turning back to the engine.
“No, I thought Killer was a good touch.”
“So was his just getting released from jail,” I said, hip checking her lightly.  “Nicely done.”
“Why thank you.”  I straightened and took a step away from the car because I knew that voice and it was not Shay’s.  “I just couldn’t believe my luck when you two left your car defenseless in that parking lot while you shopped.”
I turned and tilted my head.  “Hey, buddy.  Fancy meeting you here.”
“I’m actually impressed that your car made it this far.  Although I didn’t get the point of the car wash.”  The blonde skank assassin looked mildly confused.  She shook it off and focused on her deadly rage.  “But now I’ve got you and we’re taking you back to Whisper.”
“We?” Shayla was inching away from me and the car.  I knew she was going to head for cover and she was going to run away from the normal people who would get hurt.  
Blondie shrugged.  “I don’t know where they might be waiting.  I do know that a couple of my little helpers are watching the farm so when whoever is on their way to help you leaves, we take them all out.”
She’s bluffing, I told myself.  She’s bluffing and she wants you to worry about your friends so she gets you distracted and then she’s going to get you and everyone is screwed.  “Well, that’s just unfortunate,” I said, playing with the bottle in my hands.  What are the odds that I could get this stuff in her eyes?
“What is?” she asked.
I threw the lid to the side and squirted the liquid at her face.  “Shay, run!”  I threw the container at Blondie’s face for good measure and then took off running.
I followed Shay but at a distance so that I could split off if necessary to help her.  We ran for the development and wound around through the houses and basements and whatnots, just trying to get our dust trail confused in other things.  
I grabbed her arm and pulled her behind a pile of bricks.  I was out of breath and sweat was streaming down my face.  “Ok, so this is not good.”
“Thank you, Captain Obvious,” Shay snapped at me quietly.
“I’m going to ignore that since I know you hate running.  We need a plan… We need a cell phone. I need to warn everyone else.”  
I eagerly reached for my pocket and then it turned frantic.  I closed my eyes.  “So my cell phone fell out of my pocket, most likely in your car.”
I looked at Shay expectantly.  “Don’t look at me.  Remember when I sat my phone on top of the car so I wouldn’t drop it?”  I nodded.  “It’s still there.”
“Dammit.”  I looked around.  “We need a better hiding spot.”
“Cort, she’s a freaking Seeker assassin.  She can track us no matter where we hide.  We need to keep moving, under cover, and hope she doesn’t have her dart gun.  We just need to stall until Cael and whoever else he was bringing get here.”
I mused that over.  It wasn’t a plan but it was like the framework of a plan.  And it was all we had.  “Let’s lead her away from the gas station.  Which direction is Cael going to be coming from?”  I was so directionally challenged it wasn’t even funny.
Shayla looked around.  She pointed.  “Okay,” I said.  “We need to keep an eye on that direction.  It shouldn’t be much longer before he gets here.”  I kicked on my Fairy senses and saw Shayla do the same beside me.  I was glad that it was her with me.  We knew each other so well we could practically read one another’s mind.  Plus her humor might come in handy if we got taken captive.
I nodded for her to move past the pile of bricks, heading for the basement foundation of a house.  We weren’t crawling because that would be horribly embarrassing if the assassin saw so we were bent over, pretty much running.  It was so not natural and I could feel my spine protesting.  We continued to wind our way through the unfinished buildings and stacked up materials, always keeping an eye out for Blondie and any familiar car.  
Shayla was leading the way and my senses were warning me that something was up.  Shayla stopped suddenly to point at the red car that was racing in this direction-great, he stole my car-when a dagger was suddenly where Shayla’s leg would have been had we not stopped.  I grabbed Shay and knocked her behind me, pushing her in the direction that would lead her to the car.  I ran in the opposite direction.
I risked a glance behind me and saw that Blondie was going to pursue me but some big dude was going to go after Shay.  Shayla would have the advantage if she got a head start, being tiny and swift, able to wind through the smaller spaces.  I just needed to get her that advantage.  I pulled myself up onto a pile of lumber and ran along the top, heading for the assassin’s assistant.  He sort of sensed me before I threw myself at him, but I knocked him to the ground anyway. 
I scrambled to my feet, trying to get away before he caught me, but he grabbed my ankle.  I kicked him in the face and ran right into Blondie as I rose to my feet.  I just threw a punch at her, catching her off guard.
I turned in time to get kicked in the ribs by the big guy.  Holy hell that hurt.  I bent over and then straightened, aiming for a kick of my own.  He caught my by the ankle and tossed me.   My already bruised ribs hit a support beam and I slid down.  But hey, I was out of their reach.  
I got to my feet and started to run.  It was more of a limping run but I could make do with it.  The big guy was moving in my direction but Blondie was yelling at him to go get Shayla.  Shayla was already halfway to the car.  She was good.
I continued to wind through the houses, Blondie in hot pursuit.  I knew that I was hurt and badly.  My ankle that he’d caught me by was dislocated if not sprained.  And my ribs… They hurt.  It hurt to breathe, it hurt to move.  I knew I couldn’t fight her.  I headed for an open spot and then circled so that I was between her and the car.  I knew Cael and Shay would take care of the big guy so I didn’t have to worry about him.
Finally there was enough distance between me and Blondie, since I’d ducked out of sight and she’d lost track of me there for a minute, so I stopped and waved my hands at the ground in front of me.  A huge gorge split the earth between us, enough so that she couldn’t jump across and get me.  And if she tried, it was super deep so she wouldn’t make it out.  I stopped to catch my breath and sort of smile triumphantly, a hand to my side.
“I guess this means that I can’t catch you,” she called across.
“What?” I called back.  “I can’t hear you.”
She smiled, coldly.  She so badly wanted to kill me.  “Hear this.  You and your little friends and your brother are going down.  Every single one of you.  I will kill all of them first and then I will kill you.”
“Well, once you find my brother, let me know where he is because the Whisper goons hid him quite nicely,” I called back.
“He’s right behind you.”
And I fell for it.  But honestly, she couldn’t reach me.  And there was a person running in my direction.  But it was Flynn.  Flynn?  I turned around to look at her in my confused, ‘Seriously?’ manner and she smirked.  “I may not be able to reach you, but I don’t have to touch you to get rid of you.”  Then she dragged her hands towards her.
A gust of wind hit me and I toppled into the gorge of my own creation.  I caught the edge and cried out at the pain in my ribs from stretching so far.  The edges crumbled but thank goodness for tree branches in the soil.  This one was lodged far enough back that it would hold my weight.  I tried to pull myself up but the tree branch started to dislodge a little.  Not good.  I swung my legs up but I couldn’t hook them on the edge.  I just needed to wait it out.
The tree branch then started to get even looser so I frantically grabbed at something else so my entire weight wouldn’t be on one thing.  I dislodged a few rocks and a few more branches before my hand finally found a hold.  By now Blondie was yelling taunts at Flynn.  “You really should do a better job of protecting your sister.”
Flynn yelled back some profanity and physically impossible suggestions.  I focused on hanging on.  My ribs hurt so badly.  I couldn’t hang on any longer.  Literally.  The branch was really dislodging itself and I could see it coming out of the soil.  I was so going to fall.
And just when all hope was gone, hands were reaching for me.  I let out a grateful sob and reached up with one hand.  Being dragged up was torture but at least I wasn’t plummeting to my death.  I was farther down than my rescuer had thought so I had to help propel myself up.  Then there were two pairs of hands pulling me up.  I was pulled over the edge, back onto solid ground.  I was out of breath, in pain, and I’d just been handed the answer to one of the biggest mysteries in my life.  Now that she’d said it, I could see that Flynn was my brother.  There were little snippets of Mom and Dad in his mannerisms and his eyes were the same color as mine.  There were streaks of red in his hair, just not as defined as mine.  
“Corty, are you okay?”  Flynn asked.
He had me wrapped in his arms and he sounded so concerned and I was so pissed that I just shoved him away.  “Get away from me.”  Corty.  I should have known.  Ethan had been the only one to call me that.  And he’d been the one to tell Cael about the headlights and taillights being diamonds and rubies.  It all made sense.  
Cael tried to help me to my feet and I made a snarling face at him.  I was in a rage now.  Blondie was gone and that reminded me.  “Who’s at home?”  I asked Cael, jog/limping for the car.
“Ash, Cam, Kendall, and Monty.  I didn’t bring back up because I thought I was taking care of a car, not an assassin.”
“Who’s helping Shay with the Guardian on steroids?” I asked, a hand to my ribs to maybe keep it from splintering outward.
“I hadn’t even gotten out of my car before she was nailing the guy in the face with a board.  He was out.  She was getting all of your stuff out of her busted car and into your working one.”
“Why were you and Shay off by yourself?” Flynn demanded, right at my side.  If I hadn’t been focused on holding myself together, literally and figuratively, I would have been hitting him in the face.  “I thought I told you not to leave her alone, Cael.”
“Shay and I were doing our jobs,” I snapped at him before Cael could say anything.  “We snuck out while he was showering.  Where were you?  You don’t see anybody delving into your secret missions so stick your nose elsewhere.”
My heart stopped beating so rapidly when I was close enough to the cars to see that Shayla was okay.  She wasn’t even scuffed.  “You,” I pointed at Flynn.  “Get to the house, right now.” He opened his mouth, thought better of whatever he was going to say, and turned to head for a car across the parking lot.  There were several people staring at us, a few on phones.  I glanced at the unconscious Guardian next to Shay’s car.  Good thing we put fake plates on before every mission.
Cael tossed the keys to Shayla.  “You need to drive. I have to heal her.”
I knocked his hands away from me.  “Don’t touch me.”  I opened the back door and practically fell into the seat.  
Cael got into the passenger seat and turned to look at me.  “I need to heal you.”
I gritted my teeth and smiled at him.  “I can heal on my own.”
Shayla looked at me in the rearview mirror.  “Cort, you’re obviously in pain.”
“Maybe if everyone would get off of my back about it I would be able to heal,” I said, sarcasm practically dripping from my words.  
“Be rational,” Shayla said to me.
“Be rational?” I repeated, trying not to sound hysterical.  “I just found out that Flynn is my brother and Cael knew the entire time.  They lied to me.  They lied to you.  I just spent an hour in the ninety degree heat and ran through a construction site and fell into a hole.  Then I can’t even save myself, I have to get rescued by the liars.  So excuse me if I want to do one thing for myself.”
Shayla looked at Cael, a venomous gleam in her eye.  “You didn’t tell her that Flynn was her brother?”
“He made me swear not to.  He’s protecting her.”
“And he’s doing a bang up job,” Shay said sarcastically.  “Maybe next time you idiots should think of the eight year old girl who got her older brother taken away from her and how she would spend the next ten years of her life trying to figure out a way to find him.  Maybe, the next time you sleep with a girl, you should tell her that you’re keeping secrets.”
Cael turned to glare at me.  I would have laughed if my rib didn’t hurt so badly.  While he’d been focused on Shay, who may or may not have wanted to rip his lungs out through his nose, I’d pulled up my shirt to check the damage.  It was already bruised but that meant the healing process was about to begin.  “She’s my best friend,” I said to him.  “I can’t not tell her things.”
“Girls make no sense.”  He turned to face the front.
Shayla glanced at me over her shoulder.  “Listen, Cort, I know you are super angry at him right now but if we’re going to save the team we all need to be at a hundred and ten percent.  Just let him heal you and then later we can beat them both with socks filled with oranges.”
I smiled at her.  Then I punched Cael in the arm.  “Heal me.”
“Oh, so now I’m good enough to heal you.”  He turned around and grabbed my hand.  I closed my eyes and just focused on the pain.  I could feel it slipping away.  I felt the car swerve and Cael let go of my hand for a second.  “Hey, Shay, here’s an idea, maybe you could drive in a manner that will get us all there in one piece.”
“Hey, Cael, here’s an idea… Bite me.”
I smiled.  “Shay, play nice until after we rescue everyone else.”
“Fine,” she grumbled.
Cael grabbed my hand again and with minutes the pain was just a dull ache.  I pulled my hand away.  “I can handle the rest of it.”  
“Cortland, just let me explain…” Cael said to me.
“Save it,” I waved him off.  “Nobody has touched anything in my trunk, have they?”
“Everyone is afraid to check in there in case of the bodies,” Shayla said.  “Why?”
“No matter,” I said, focusing on the task ahead.  I had a lot of rage that I needed to concentrate.  
The driveway came into view.  Flynn’s car was parked in the middle, door flung open but he was nowhere in sight.  There was no movement in the house or around it.  Shayla stopped the car at the end of the driveway.  “What now?”
I was already getting out of the car, eyes glowing silver.  “Pop the trunk,” I said to Shayla.  She punched the button and got out after me.  I opened the trunk and pulled out the carpet slip that was supposed to cover the spare tire.  Instead it held my emergency Seeker weapons.  The only thing there that was supposed to be was the tire jack and a crowbar.  While using one of those would help with the rage, it wouldn’t be the most efficient way to get things done.
I grabbed a short sword and a sheathed dagger and stuck it in my boot.  I started walking up the driveway.  If I were a Seeker assassin, where would I hide?  Some guy jumped out at me from behind a tree and I just jacked him in the face with my elbow.  He was out like a light.
I decided to go make sure everyone was okay first. Odds were good that they’d stayed in the house and had not been split up because nobody wanted to go outside in this heat.  My front door was splintered around the edges and it just swung open.  I swung it open farther with my sword so I wouldn’t get things aimed at me when I stepped in.  I stepped in and saw that this room was pretty much destroyed.  The windows were broken and glass was strewn about.  Furniture was knocked over, pictures were off the wall, and there was even a hole or two in the wall.  It had been a good fight.
I walked down the hall and checked into the other rooms to make sure they were empty.  I saw no sign of anyone.  That meant they were upstairs.
I met Shay as she headed for the stairs.  “Where’s Cael?” I whispered.  
“He went all ghost on me and faded into the underbrush to go take them out silently.”
I nodded.  Of course he did.  That’s probably what happened with Flynn too.  We crept up the stairs, listening alertly for anything that gave away someone’s presence.  I faintly heard something from upstairs, the attic.  I checked all the rooms on this floor but there was nobody down here either. 
I stood to the side of the little trapdoor to the attic and tapped on it with my sword. And just to prove it was me I did it to the beat of the Barbershop quartet song.  I stopped before the last two beats and waited.  Someone from above finished it for me.  Then the trapdoor opened and a ladder was lowered.
“Am I coming up there or are you all coming down?”  I asked.
Kendall hopped down first, landing on her feet gracefully.  “Way to show up when all the fun is over.”
“Trust me, I had some fun of my own,” I said as Monty climbed down the ladder.  She had a cut across her forehead that was starting to heal.  “Is everyone ok?”
“We’re all just wonderful,” Cam said from the top of the ladder.  “So it turns out they have us under surveillance.”
“And the bastards thought that we were the weak links without you, Cael, Flynn, and Shay.  We showed them,” Asher said arrogantly as he followed Kendall’s lead and just jumped down.  “They just knocked on the door and Monty opened it and the guy just hit her in the face.  Then a bunch of them rushed in and we fought them off then took cover in the attic since your dad reinforced it and hid extra weapons up there.”
“Do you have any idea where they went?” I asked.
“Where’s my brother?” Cam asked.  “Because I can pretty much guarantee that wherever he is…”  He broke off and looked over my shoulder.  “He’s right behind us.”
Cael rushed up the stairs and asked, “Is everyone ok?” as he put a hand to the small of my back.
I took a step away.  “The next person that asks that will get pushed down the closest flight of stairs,” Kendall said.
I turned to look at the stairs right behind us.  And it turned out to be a good thing.  At the top of the stairs there is a huge glass window that overlooks the trees that line our driveway.  I turned in time to catch a glimpse of a stranger bearing a gun pointing it at the house.  “Take cover!”
As the glass window shattered we split.  I think Kendall hoisted herself back into the reinforced attic.  I don’t know where everyone else went.  It was all a blur.  Cael grabbed me and shoved me through the closest doorway.  Whatever was being shot at us was piercing the wall so the two of us flattened to the ground.  The flying objects started getting pointed lower.  I army crawled over to sit behind a bookshelf.  Cael followed.
“What are we supposed to do?” I yelled over the wood splintering and glass shattering. 
 “I have no freaking clue.”  
“If I can get out there I can get to the guy,” I said.  “And I think the bullets are getting fewer and farther in between.”
“I think you’re imagining things.”
I ignored Cael and crawled to the doorway.  The shooting stopped and everything was completely still.  The silence practically rang in my ears.  I wanted so badly to peek around that doorway and see if the sniper was still out there but this just screamed of a trap.  He was just waiting for the first curious person to take a look and then he’d get us.  “Without moving and making a target of themselves, can anyone see the shooter?” I asked.  
“No,” was the general consensus.  
I sighed and closed my eyes to picture my hallway.  If I could get across the hall there was a huge end table that would offer a little cover.  I took a gamble and rolled across the hall.  I pressed my back against the table and breathed.  Nothing.  So far so good.  “Cort, get back here,” Cael hissed from the doorway.
I ignored him.  There was no cover from here on out until I got down the stairs.  I looked up to ask how I’d gotten into this mess and saw Kendall peering down from the attic.  She held a sword out over the hole and I shook my head.  She pointed at herself and then the ground and I shook my head again.  I was the only idiot around that needed to be making a target of her.
I turned to face the table and braced myself, Fairy senses on.  I jumped on top of the table, scrambled over it and flipped myself over the banister, landing on my feet on the level below.  Not a shot had gone off.  Maybe the guy was moving to get a different vantage point.  I kept low to the ground and circled around the windows, trying to catch a glimpse of someone.  
I was peeking out a window in the kitchen when I heard a sound behind me.  I spun around and almost kicked Cael in the stomach except he was ready for it and blocked.  “Simmer down,” he hissed at me.  “Have you seen anything?”
“No,” I whispered back.  “I don’t know if the guy is moving around or if he’s given up or what.”
The two of us whipped around when we heard a whisper of a movement behind us.  “What are you doing?” I hissed at Monty and Shay.
“If the two of you made it down we figured we were okay,” Shayla said.  “What if you needed back up?”
I rolled my eyes as Cam, Kendall, and Asher joined us.  “Does nobody listen?”
“You actually never said that we all had to stay up there,” Kendall said.  “How am I supposed to know what shaking your head means?”
Any response I might have made was interrupted by the Team Assassin goon stepping into the doorway and cocking his weapon.  Cael pretty much tackled me, knocking me behind the kitchen counters.  He threw himself on top of me as shots were fired wildly.
Suddenly it stopped.  I wriggled to get loose but Cael was bent on protecting me.  “Get off,” I hissed, elbowing him in the stomach.
I carefully got to my feet in time to see Flynn dragging the guy out of the house.  Everyone else was gingerly getting to their feet.  “Did anybody get hit?” I asked.
“If by anybody, you mean you, and by hit, you mean again,” Shayla said.  “No.  Nobody got hit.”
“Corty, are you ok?” Flynn asked quietly.  I couldn’t decide if I wanted to get further away from him or Cael.  
“That is a stupid question,” Shayla narrowed her eyes at him.
“You told Shay?” Flynn looked at me.
“She tells Shay a lot of things,” Cael muttered.  It was my turn to narrow my eyes as I resisted the urge to stomp on his toes.
“I would shut up if I were you,” Shayla threatened him.
The rest of my friends were staring with mildly confused expressions on their face.  They were obviously out of the loop.  “What is going on?” Monty was the first to ask.
“I don’t know, who wants to explain?” I asked. “Flynn, would you like to explain how you’re my long lost brother and you’ve known this entire time and not said a word.  And Cael also knew this entire time that I was living with my brother and did not say anything about it, which means that Cam also knew.  Did I leave anything out?”
Shayla looked at me and shrugged. Yeah, I left that part out on purpose.  “Are you kidding me?” Kendall asked.  “You have got to be kidding me.”
“Oh, I’m not kidding,” I said, crossing my arms.  “And I found this out from our friendly neighborhood assassin, so don’t anyone get their hopes up that it was a touching brother-sister moment.”
“I did save your life right after,” Flynn pointed out.  “So there’s your touching brother-sister moment.”
“You bastard,” I said.  “I have dreamed of finding my brother for years and you ruin it and you don’t even care or admit that you were wrong.”
“If you cared so much how come you hadn’t bothered to find me?” Flynn asked coldly.  We were slowly but surely getting into a confrontational standoff, getting into each other’s faces.
“I was eight!” 
“Are you still eight?  What’s your excuse now?  I come into this house and all over there are happy pictures of the family without me and you, you, you and your buddies.  You didn’t care that I was gone.”
“I cared,” I yelled back.  “But do you realize how hard it is to find someone when the Queen of Whisper hides them away?  I tried and tried and got hurt and tried again anyway.  Mom and Dad whip out your baby book on your birthday and we laugh about all the good times.  Sorry to say that life went on, but do not stand here and tell me that I did not try.”
“Well, excuse me if I don’t believe you.”
I shook my head. He was not going to believe me no matter what I said.  “Believe what you want. I’m done.”  I turned and headed up the destroyed stairs, carefully picking my way through the debris.  I heard some glass crunch under my step and I looked down to see what moment I was crushing.  In the now broken frame was a snapshot of me and Flynn, well Ethan, whoever, our arms around each other, grinning at the camera.  I was missing my two front teeth and he had a huge cowlick problem.  It had been on the wall, at the top of the stairs.  “Hey, douche bag,” I called out.  Flynn turned and looked at me.  I tossed the picture down the stairs.  “The rest of them will be tossed out of my room in a jiffy.”
I walked into my bedroom and almost started crying right there.  My bed was destroyed, as was my dresser, my bookshelf, and the hope chest that my parents had gotten me for my sixteenth birthday.  Inside that hope chest were some memories from school, the picture of my dream wedding dress, and old family photos.  I knelt next to it.  Tears were welling up in my eyes.  I held open the top and sifted through the mementos I’d put in there to keep forever.  My first stuffed animal, fluff spilling out everywhere.  A hat from my first concert, a hole through the name of the artist.  A binder filled to the brim with comics that Shay and I had drawn, based on our life, papers spilling out.
I pulled the binder out and leaned helplessly against the wall as tears started streaming down my face.  I didn’t know if it was worse that I was crying up here alone or that I really wanted a certain someone to be up here holding me.  My heart lifted hopefully when I heard his deep voice out in the hall and I could hear footsteps heading my way.  I waited, tears pausing for a moment, for my door to open… But it never did.

-Chapter 7-


I cracked open my bedroom door and peeked out.  It was one in the morning, nobody should be up.  I’d been holed up in my room for hours and I’d refused to come down and eat so now I was going after sustenance.  I’d waited this late because I really did not want to see anyone.  Really, I didn’t want to be seen.  I’d cried for a while and my face was still puffy and my eyes were red.  Basically I looked nasty.  But I wanted so badly to get out of that lonely room where I just sat and stared at all my childhood memories, shot to pieces.  Literally, shot to pieces.  
I quietly crept down the stairs, still in my cute outfit.  I’d slipped on my tennis shoes since I didn’t want to step on a huge splinter and have it go through my foot.  That would just be the perfect ending to a perfect day.  I paused at the bottom of the stairs.  Flynn usually slept on the couch.  Since it had probably been shot to pieces who knew where he was.  And Cael hadn’t even tried to knock on my door so I didn’t know where he was sleeping either.  I didn’t hear anything so I figured it was safe enough to go grab a snack from the kitchen.  
Glass crunched quietly under my shoes but it didn’t matter because within two steps I was in the kitchen.  The food in the cabinets likely had splinters in it so I went straight to the fridge.  I opened it up and looked over my choices.  They were limited.  I chewed on my bottom lip.  Carrots or… wilted celery.  Carrots it is.
I grabbed the bag of carrots and shut the fridge, turning to flee back to my room.  Except when I turned, someone was waiting for me.  The bag of carrots dropped to the floor as I clapped my hand over my mouth so I wouldn’t scream and wake everyone up.  “What are you doing?”  I hissed.
“I heard someone sneaking around and you were the only one who didn’t eat.  I figured now was my best opportunity to talk to you.”
“Cael, it’s one in the morning.  We are standing in the middle of my destroyed kitchen.  I think you could come up with a better time.”
“I’ve decided that I’ll take what I can get. You’ve either been avoiding me or surrounded with everyone else and I really didn’t want to talk about this in front of an audience.”
I rolled my eyes and sighed.  “I don’t want to talk about anything with you at all.”
“Well, too bad.  Take a seat.”
I made a big production of looking around.  “Gee, it looks like our talk will have to wait since all of my kitchen chairs are currently toothpick material.”  I bent to pick up my carrots and then went to brush past him.  It almost worked.
Instead he grabbed me around the waist and lifted me up, depositing me on the counter.  He hopped up next to me.  “So, honey, how was your day?”
I looked at him incredulously.  “Well, Cupcake, it was just wonderful.  I just love being chased and shot at.  Oh, and getting yelled at by my long lost brother was the cherry on top.”
“Listen, Cortland, I’m really sorry that I didn’t tell you about Flynn.  But he’s been my best friend for ten years and I didn’t want to risk that for you.  And I didn’t mean to take things so far today but you’ve got to realize that I saw something in you from the beginning, when you stood up and wiped away the blood from your nose and laughed.”
“Sarcasm?” I suggested.  “Wit?”
“I don’t know.  Maybe.  But whatever it was, is, it’s beautiful and it’s you.  And I know I probably screwed up my chances with you but I just wanted to apologize and tell you that you’re doing amazing and I will be here whenever you need me.”
I stared straight ahead.  That was a really sweet apology and I’d be a horrible person if I said anything rude to him.  But he hadn’t really apologized for not telling me about Flynn.  I needed to handle this in an adult fashion.  “I’m sorry, Cael,” I said, sliding down from the counter.  “But I just can’t trust you anymore.”  Chin held high, I made my exit.
I made it back to my bedroom, closing the door gratefully after me.  Being around people all the time sucked majorly.  I turned to face my empty room and dropped the bag of carrots again.  “Seriously?” I demanded, flipping on my light.
Flynn was sitting on my bed, the picture frame in his lap.  “I needed to talk to you, and apparently you’re not going to leave your room.  I heard you sneaking to the fridge and I was going to corner you there, but Cael beat me to it.  So I cornered you here.”
“Uh huh… And what’s stopping me from turning around, opening the door, and leaving?”
Flynn shrugged.  “Because you need to talk to me.”
I narrowed my eyes at him.  Then I shook my head.  This was not worth it.  I would just go to the room Shay, Kendall, and Monty were sharing.  They might make me talk about my feelings but they’d wait until morning.  I’d twisted the doorknob and was mid-swinging it open when it was forced shut.  I turned to glare at Flynn.  He hadn’t even moved from his spot on my bed.  “Or someone could cheat and literally stop me from leaving,” I said dryly.
“Listen, Corty…”
“Don’t call me that,” I said.  “My big brother called me that and you are definitely not it.”
Was that hurt I saw cross Flynn’s face?  No.  It couldn’t be.  “As much as you hate to believe it, I am your big brother.  Maybe not in feeling but in blood.  You can’t get rid of me.  And as much as I hate to dredge up the whole emotion thing, I’m really glad that I found you.”
“You really could have fooled me,” I said, bending to pick up my carrots.  I’d gone through all the trouble to get them and now I’d dealt with two uncomfortable situations.  All for these stupid carrots.  They’d better be the best carrots I’d ever had or there would be blood.  I crunched on one.  Eh.  What are you going to do about it?
“Cut me some slack.  I was ten years old.  All I knew was that my family didn’t come and rescue me.  And we all know that I bottle my feelings up so I’ve got a lot of rage.  So maybe I threw out some insults that weren’t necessary but dammit, Cortland, I get tossed back into Whisper affairs in the middle of a war and lo and behold my baby sister is right in the middle of it.”
“So all the hurtful things that you said, that was all your repressed fear and abandonment issues coming to the surface.”  This was a load of B.S. if I’ve ever heard it.  
“Pretty much, yeah.  But don’t make it sound insincere or like it’s a load of crap.  I walked into this house and got blindsided with a picture of my parents and then I look at you and I can totally see you as the little eight year old that used to follow me around.  And then I walk around and I see all these pictures of you growing up and having the life that I should have been around for.  Don’t get me wrong, Cael and Cam’s parents were great, but they weren’t mine.”
“I just want to know why you didn’t tell me the moment you walked in here,” I said.
“Because it was hard.”
“Bullshit.”  I threw a carrot at his face as hard as I could.  “Hey, Cortland, I do believe I’m your brother.  That was pretty easy.”
Flynn threw the carrot back at me.  I dodged it.  Ha.  “You think you were the only one to picture the moment our family reunited?  I had some pretty good daydreams too and they did not turn out like that.  Or this.”
“Or this,” I echoed.  “My daydreams did not involve assassins spilling the beans before they attempted to kill me.”
“Yeah, that’s always a downer.  So… are we good?”
I walked over and sat next to him.  “I don’t know.  I’m so confused these days, it’s hard to know which way is up, let alone analyze my feelings.”
Flynn held my hand.  “Well, now that I’m back in business, if you ever need to talk about anything, just let me know.”
Well, Flynn, I slept with your best friend and at first I regretted it but now I’m thinking he could actually be… Oh god, I was not going to say The One because that would be so tacky and cliché.   So, not The One but something close to it.  Well, identical really but I had no un-tacky, not a total cliché way to describe it… and it doesn’t matter because I will never in a million years tell this to Flynn.
The touching brother-sister moment was interrupted by my bedroom door flying open.  “Listen Cort, about the whole sleeping together thing, I’ve decided I don’t want to apologize… Oh hell-o Flynn.”
I closed my eyes and let out a sigh.  There goes the momentary truce.  “You what?”  Flynn asked in a dangerous sounding voice.  
I looked at Cael.  “Way to go, genius.”

After a sleepless and hunger filled night, it was time to face the house.  And the people that occupied it.  Flynn was no longer speaking to me and Cael couldn’t speak to me for the fear that Flynn would snap and kill him.  Cam was avoiding me in case I was still angry about his whole keeping secrets thing.  Shayla, Kendall, and Monty were always handy in case I needed back up in giving someone a dirty look.  That’s the great thing about best friends.  And Asher was just… there.  He was the smartest of us all, staying out of the drama.
“I wish someone could go all Mary Poppins and clean this mess up with a snap of their fingers,” Shayla said, uselessly trying to sweep some of the debris into a pile.  It’s impossible to clean when everywhere you looked it was a mess.
Flynn looked at me.  “You haven’t been doing your reading, have you?  Busy with other things, I suppose.”  He made it clear that he knew what other things I had been doing.
“I have too been reading.  And Cael would quiz me and if I answered wrong I’d do laps or push-ups or other torturous things you would have approved of.”
“Then you should know how to deal with this.”
I sighed and rolled my eyes at him.  I really wanted this whole ordeal to be over so I could have my normal life back.  Ugh, no more boys or assassins or studying or boys.  I focused and tried to run over what I’d learned.  There had to be some sort of spell or fairy wave or something that would repair the house.  Repair.  That was it.  There’d been a wave that would result in the repairing of anything that was physically broken.  One for figuratively broken things would be handy to have around here but alas, I’d use what I had.
I waved my hands and then took in my handiwork.  “Good as new,” I beamed triumphantly.  I wish I could say the same thing for my sanity.
“We need to sit down and figure out our game plan,” Flynn said.
Cut to all of us sitting down at the kitchen table.  I was sitting at the head of the table, across from Flynn.  Cael was sitting next to me and every time I glanced at Flynn, Flynn was studying the two of us.  It was really creeping me out.  Shayla was sitting on the other side of me, prepared to kick Cael under the table.  Kendall was sitting next to Flynn, prepared to punch him again.  She’d gotten a taste of his blood and now she couldn’t wait for the excuse to knock him out again.  
“So obviously the assassins have kicked the game up to the next level,” Flynn said.  “We need to get down to business fast.”
“I’m glad you call that a game,” Kendall said.  “I’m still not sure that there isn’t something underneath the whole thing.  It’s just never made sense that Cortland got it.”
“Yeah, they picked the one Seeker who didn’t have a built in back up system and castle and troops,” Asher said.  “Almost like they were rooting for this side to lose.”
“I resent that deeply,” I said to him.  “I am the best in the biz.”
“You may be the best at Otherworldly hunting but that’s a whole different game than taking on Whisper plots and assassins.”
“Again, I’m glad it’s all a game to you,” Kendall said.
“I think they might be on to something,” Cael said.  “And there’s only one person who knows everything Whisper related.”
I looked at him expectantly.  Flynn was nodding thoughtfully.  “We take Corty and get the details out of Mack.”
“Who’s Mack?”  I asked.
“Don’t worry about that.  Just go find your most intimidating, I’m related to Flynn outfit,” Flynn ordered.
“What’s wrong with my regular look?” I asked, sounding offended.
Shayla smirked.  “I have just the outfit in mind.”

I burst out laughing, looking at myself in the mirror.  “I would never have thought of this outfit.”
“That’s why I am the resident stylist,” she said, flipping her dark hair over her shoulder.  “Not only do you look hot and intimidating but you’re also secretly mocking the macho men.”
I turned and assessed myself in the mirror again.  “This was definitely the greatest Halloween ever.”
“Good times,” Shayla smiled.  “Good times.”
I bounded down the steps and Cael and Flynn stopped and looked at me.  “I am ready to go.”
“What do you call that look?”
“That is her Britney Spears costume.  Shayla had the Madonna one.  It was popular after that whole ‘Me against the Music,’ video.” Monty paused in her yogurt eating to look me over.  She nodded.  “It still looks good on you.”
I smiled at the two guys before me.  Flynn looked like he wanted to deck me.   Cael looked like he wanted to… never mind.  “I can change,” I offered quickly.
“You’re not changing,” Shayla called from the top of the stairs.  “It took me forever to find those suspenders.”
“We don’t have time for you to change,” Flynn said.  “But I sure wish there was a way to make you look less like Britney Spears gone wrong.”
Cael pursed his lips and stepped into my comfort zone.  “Well… definitely lose the hat.”  He plucked the stylish black hat from my wild curls and tossed it to the side.  “And the hot pink tie.”  He reached for the tie, loosening it and pulling it over my head.  My pulse jumpstarted as his knuckles grazed my skin and the tie hit the floor.  Bad idea, Cort, I admonished myself.  This would not be the smartest thing you’ve ever done.
I stepped around him and looked to Flynn.  “Is that better?”
He looked me over thoughtfully.  I was left with my black dress pants, white tank top that cut off just below my belly button, and the black vest that was skin tight.  Over that went the black suspenders that crossed my back, where mostly the tank top was visible.  And I wasn’t without my signature black heels.  
“You’ll intimidate Mack, so that’s enough.  Let’s go,” Flynn held open the door.
“Have fun,” Monty called. 
“But not too much fun,” Shayla called after us before the door shut.
“So, how far away is this Mack person?” I asked.  Trust me when I say, I was not looking forward to being in the car with my brother and his best friend.  After a super awkward conversation last night, I was hoping to be done with ever talking about that fated dance to Britney Spears.    
Flynn looked at Cael as he pulled out his wand.  Cael was doing the same.  “Not far,” Cael answered nonchalantly.  
“You could have said we were going to Whisper,” I said, pulling out my wand.  “Now I feel dumb.”
“Well, you look dumb so now you match.”  Flynn waved his wand and was gone.
I made a sound of indignation but he was already gone so it was pointless.  I rolled my eyes, mostly for my own benefit.  “I don’t think you look dumb,” Cael said, taking my hand.  “I think you look hot.”
“Oh dear god,” I said, trying to pull my hand free.  
“I wouldn’t do that since you don’t know where we’re going.”
“Or you could tell me and then let go of my hand.”
Cael smiled at me and waved his wand.  By the time we appeared next to Flynn he was tapping his foot, looking at us suspiciously.  “What took you so long?”
“You caught me,” I said dryly.  “In the two minutes that we took to get here, Cael and I-“
“Ick,” Flynn cut me off.  “Ick, ick, ick.  I do not ever want to hear anything about the two of you.”
Cael was shaking his head at my antics.  So what, I’m known to be sarcastic every once in a while.  I turned to survey the ramshackle building we were standing outside of.  “What is this place?”  It looked haunted.  Maybe Mack was a ghost.
“This is the Whisper equivalent of a bar,” Flynn said.  “Cael and I practically grew up in this place.”
“Aw,” I said.  “How nice.”
“We have informants, how about you?” Cael asked tauntingly.
“I beat out the information I need.”
Flynn grinned at me over his shoulder.  “So do we.”
We stepped into the bar and I almost laughed at the transformation that Flynn and Cael went through.  All traces of smiles and laughter disappeared and they seemed to be taller, more sure of themselves.  Basically they had a rep here that they were trying to uphold.  Instead of ruining it by laughing, I threw my shoulders back and lifted my chin confidently.  Flynn glanced at me and there was an imperceptible nod of approval.
No sooner had we stepped in before a little runty looking thing pushed back from the bar and bolted for a door on the opposite side of the room.  “Is that our guy?” I asked as the door slammed shut.
“Yep.  I love when Mack makes it so easy,” Cael said to Flynn.
Instead of bolting for the door like our informant, Cael and Flynn strode across the bar with purpose, flinging open the door that Mack had just run through.  I followed at a more sedate pace, trying to look Queenly.  This was like Otherworldly central.  I didn’t have a problem with them since they were at the bar tossing back pigs blood instead of munching on people.  They all looked at me so I was really glad that I didn’t trip or do anything not graceful.
I followed Flynn and Cael and almost gagged when I stepped into the little room.  “Oh my god, what is this place?”
“Bathroom,” Flynn answered.  “And that little window is where Mack was trying to squeeze through to avoid talking to us.”
I went around Flynn, Cael, and our captive to open the window wider.  I breathed in some of the fresh air.  Once my lungs were functioning again I turned to face them. Mack looked like a cross between a slug and a walking pug.  He was sickeningly pale and had massive fat rolls that were bursting out of weird seventies pimp suit that he was wearing.  His little dog ears stuck out jauntily from the bowl cap that he was wearing.  I totally could have worn my hat.  His little button nose was wobbling like crazy as he begged like crazy.  “Please, don’t hurt me, Flynn.”
“I’m insulted,” Cael said jokingly.  “Aren’t I intimidating?”
“Let’s cut to the chase,” Flynn said, taking a step towards Mack.  “What do you know about the rule of Whisper going to the new girl?”
“New girl?  It didn’t go to a new girl.”
“Hi,” I waved, trying not to breathe from my nose.  “I’m the new girl.”
Mack sort of choked.  I know how he was feeling.  This bathroom was like vomit/other bodily fluid central.  Heck, there was probably a body in here.  I kind of surveyed the room.  Yep, that dark corner could totally hide a body.  “I didn’t know,” he said quickly.  “I don’t know what they’re doing.”  
“Who are they?” Cael asked.
“They?  Did I say they?  I don’t know who is involved.  I didn’t even know who the powers got transferred to.  I heard it was some girl who doesn’t know anything and they said that all she had for back up were her best friends.”
I was insulted.  I know stuff.  I know a lot.  I did not appreciate being told I was chosen because I didn’t know anything.  “Yeah, well, did you know that Cael and I are now her advisors?” Flynn asked, stepping even closer.  Obviously Mack had a bubble and Flynn was in it, making him extremely nervous.  If some scary guy had me cornered in a dimly lit bathroom that smelled like bodies were already buried in here, I’d be worried too.
“Well, you must not be advising her very well, bringing her to Whisper like this.  They’ve just been waiting for her to step over the realm line.  They can’t do anything to her when she’s in the other realm.”  I begged to differ.  I’d been shot at and chased and kicked.  That was not nothing.  
“Who are they, Mack?”  Cael asked.  “I know you’re not telling me.  But ask yourself who is more of a threat…”
I knew the answer to that one.  I would be spilling my guts if Flynn were threatening me.  I’d never seen him and Cael like this.  They both looked dark and scary.  They got into this scary zone and their eyes were on the prize.  I was reminded of the cross country’s motto.  Trample the weak and hurdle the strong.  This was what these guys did.  No obstacle stood in their way of getting to the gold.  
“I don’t know who’s involved, really.  I know the old Queen is in on it and a couple other nobles.  Her Fairy advisor is in on it and some Seekers pretending to be assassins.”
I narrowed my eyes.  I knew that little snippet was evil.  She’d always been mean to me.
“What do they need her for?” Cael asked.  “Answer fast, Mack, we need to get her out of here.”
“Trust me, Cael, they’re already on their way here.  They really want their hands on her.”
“Why?”  Flynn asked.
“I don’t know.”  Then he started to sniffle.  Okay.  Up to this point I’d felt sorry for the little weasel but now I was starting to despise him.  “Nobody tells me anything.”
Flynn pushed him against the wall.  “I am really invested in this mission, Mack, so you better tell me the truth.  That’s my baby sister, Mack.  I really want her to win and I really like to win.  You know that.  So tell me what the plan is.”
“Nobody tells me anything,” Mack wailed.  “And how am I supposed to know that she’s really your sister.”
I figured now would be the perfect time to channel my Flynn-ness.  Before Flynn and Cael could blink I was shoving past them and I had Mack pinned to the wall, my hand clenched around his throat.  For the extra boost in strength I kicked on my Fairy senses so my eyes were glowing menacingly.  “How about you tell me what the plan is, since I hear that you hear everything, and I’ll let you walk away.”
Mack struggled weakly but there’s no stopping me when I get in a mood.  “Fine,” he croaked.
I tightened my grip.  “I’m sorry, did you say that you’re going to cooperate?  I can’t really hear you.”
Cael stepped forward and rested his hand on my shoulder.  “Cort, I think he’s going to answer our questions now.”
I merely let go and let Mack drop to the ground.  He collapsed into a pile at my feet.  “I don’t know much,” he began to sputter.
I stepped forward.  “B-b-b-but I do know that they had to transfer rule to her because there’s this cycle coming around that happens every hundred thousand years or something that will allow Whisper, as a realm, to expand and kill out the other realms.  But the only way to do it is to kill the Queen.  And the real Queen is in on it and obviously she doesn’t want to get sacrificed so they transferred it to this new girl because they thought she’d be easy to get rid of.”
I took a step back, a little numb.  They were really trying to kill me.  And not just one little group, the entire realm.  I’d played right into their hands.  And if that wasn’t bad enough, killing me would end the rest of the realms.  Who knew Fairies could be so flipping evil.
“Have you heard any way to do the opposite?”  Flynn asked Mack.
“No, that part has been protected. I’m sure there’s some way to not have her die but they’re convinced that this is the time it will work.  Something about the Queen having a Seer as a brother.”
“A seer?” I repeated.
“You’re the Queen and you don’t know what a Seer is?” Mack looked at me disdainfully.
“I’ve been a little busy over the years,” I said, wrinkling my nose at him.
“A Seer is a special type of Guardian who can like, tell the future.  He can take certain elements and make it real in a vision.”  I was obviously confused.  Mack rolled his bulbous eyes at me.  “So take you and Cael, for instance.  I’m seeing a little something going on there.  Flynn looks at the two of you and decides that he wants to see what would happen if you two get married.  Then he sees it.”
I looked at Cael.  Flynn looked at Cael.  Cael looked at me.  “Nah,” we all said.
“Why didn’t you tell me this?” I asked Flynn.
“Because it’s really not that important,” Flynn said.  “And I hate doing it.”
“Listen, I like you guys, I really do, so this is why I’m cutting my interrogation short,” Mack said.  “You need to get her out of here.  The time is ripening for sacrifice.  She shouldn’t have set foot in this realm.”
“He’s right,” Flynn said.  “Let’s hit the road.”
We stepped out into the bar and knew immediately that something was wrong.  The place, which hadn’t exactly been bursting with business before, was completely empty.  Not even the bartender was to be seen.  “Go,” Flynn said to me.  “We’ll hold them off.”
“But,” I started to protest.
“Go.”  
I pulled out my wand and started to wave it around.  Instead of feeling a portal open, it was like I was hitting a brick wall.  “There’s something wrong,” I said.
“Cael, get her back,” Flynn ordered.
Cael pulled out his wand and grabbed my hand.  “Once I touch her the portal goes dark.”
Mack poked his head out of the bathroom.  “The Queen can’t leave Whisper once she’s here.”  Then he was gone.
Flynn swore.  “They’ve got to be close.  We can’t leave her here.”
“Yes, you can,” I said, turning to face the two of them.  “Mack made it sound like it wasn’t time.  They get me and I’m the good captive while they wait for the sacrificial time to roll around.  Then you guys do some research, figure out how I turn the tables, and then come save me.  It’s the only way.”
“Or we all stay and make a run for it.”
“Flynn, it’ll never work.  They’ll kill the two of you and then I’m screwed.  The only way I make it out of this is if I have the two of you to protect me.”  I looked over my shoulder.  I could hear the sounds of someone heading this way.  “Go home, rally the troops, and get me back.”
Flynn and Cael were both looking at me reluctantly.  Obviously their chivalrous mode was going full blast and leaving the damsel in distress was not part of the package.  “Go.” I said.  I think what broke Flynn was me giving him a kiss on the cheek.  He hugged me, so hard I thought I heard a rib crack, and then he was gone.  I turned to Cael.
“Cort, what if you need healing?” he asked.  
“They’re not going to hurt me,” much.  “I’m too important to the plan.  But if you stay they’ll get rid of you.  Cael, the only way this will work is if you go back now.”
He clenched his teeth and wrapped his arms around me.  “Let the record show that I was totally against this plan.”
“Then the record will show that I was right.”  I stood on tiptoe and kissed him quickly.  “Avenge me.”
“Not funny.”  But he was gone.
Then I turned in time to get darted in the leg.  “Was that totally necessary?” I asked Blondie.
“What’s with your outfit?” she asked, looking me over.
“What are you, the fashion police?”  Then my knees were buckling.  

I came to, in a giant cage.  I would say jail cell but this was literally bird caged shape and was a gilded golden color.  I was slouched in a throne, leaning against the side.  I sat up straight and clutched at my head.  That one hurt.
“Oh look, Sleeping Beauty has awoken.”
I rolled my head to look at Blondie as she strode in through some big, majestic wooden doors.  They slammed shut behind her.  “Aww, you think I’m pretty?”  I said, using my patented wit.
“I think you’re a pretty big pain in my butt.  But now I’ve won.”
“I don’t think you’ve won yet,” I argued, dizzily getting to my feet and walking over to the bars of the cage.  
“Says the girl in a cage.”
“You say cage, I say giant frame to draw attention to me.”  The bars of the giant frame were all that was holding me up.   Holy hell, I was dizzy.
She waved her hand at me carelessly.  “Whatever.  Here’s the deal.  All the important Fairy people are going to be showing up for our big event.  If you behave, I’ll make your death painless.”
“That’s really not very good incentive for me to be good.”
Blondie reached through the bars and slapped me so hard my head was ringing.  “That’s a little better,” I said sarcastically.
I quickly found that my food and treatment was better if I was good and if I kept my sarcastic comments to myself.  That last part was pretty hard when they made me change into a whole different outfit.  My first night was spent in a dress that was like Tinkerbell gone wrong.  It was a dark blue with silver, sparkly swirls that made me feel like I was wearing the Milky Way.  The top was strapless and made of a corset-like material.  It was stiff and not breathing friendly, especially when the friendly neighborhood assassin tightens it for you.  The bottom was layers of veil-like material that was dark and poufy.  I hated it.
I spent my time practically bored out of my mind in the cage while the other Fairy nobles stared at me.  I was almost worried to fall asleep but at a certain point I was so tired my eyes wouldn’t stay open.  I fell asleep in the throne, my head leaning against the edge of it, my legs draped over the other side.  So it wasn’t the most regal way to be seen in public but they wanted to kill me.   
Day two I was chained to a long table and I got to listen to all the nobles blab on and on about their problems.  I think my problem trumped theirs.  Since I’d been up until the wee hours of the morning I slept most of the day away.  And then I was awoken to be dressed up like a life sized doll.  This dress was white lace.  The part that covered my stomach was see-through, revealing the abs and my not so tan skin.  To top that off it was a strapless sweetheart neckline that left little to the imagination and the skirt was barely decent.  Whoever was in charge of my wardrobe needed to be fired. 
Again I sat in my gilded cage.  This time I started to plan.  I’m not the type of girl who sits around and waits to be rescued.  If I could get myself out of this, I would.   There were more people here tonight, all mingling with each other.  There was chatter and laughter and I really so badly wanted to get them all.  Instead of making a spectacle of myself I just sat at my throne, still as a stone.  I was going to be strong, even if I didn’t make it out of here.
I was sitting there, staring straight ahead when I caught a glimpse of the back of someone’s head and I did a double take.  It had surely looked like Kendall’s dark hair.  But it couldn’t be.  There was no way that she could have snuck into this party.  I’m sure security was tight.  A short time later I could have sworn I saw Campbell.  I had to be seeing things.  Maybe they were drugging me to keep me docile.  
Day three dawned.  I was allowed to sit in my cage, still in that hideous lace dress.  When there was no one in the room I tried the bars of the cage and tried to loosen the bolts of the door.  This thing was pretty secure.  The only way I would get out would be through magic.  Unfortunately that would make noise and they’d put a stop to my plan.  I would need to plan this perfectly.
Before the hobnobbing that night I was taken back to get dressed.  Tonight’s dress actually covered me.  It was a floor length ball gown with layers and layers of poof.  It was this gorgeous aqua blue that really brought out my eyes.  It had sleeves but it was like a one inch layer of fabric that fell off my shoulders anyway.  It was tight around my chest and then had an A-line waist line.  The train trailed behind me.  It was heavy but it was gorgeous.  
That night when I made my entrance at the top of the stairs, I made my entrance.  Everyone stopped talking to stare at me.  Maybe now they would feel bad that they had been plotting to kill me.  Then the band struck up a cheerful song.  Or not.  I carefully picked my way down the stairs, the dress floating along behind me.  I trailed my hand on the wooden banister, feeling like a princess about to meet her prince.  But really I was a queen about to meet her fate. 
I was ushered into my cage and I took my spot on the throne.  I sat up straight and pretended to be watching the people dancing.  Really I was looking for any of my friends.  It had been three days.  That was plenty of time to formulate a rescue.  There were a couple of times where I thought I caught a glimpse of Monty and once where I thought I saw Asher but nobody got close enough for me to really see.  The dancers whirled about merrily, smiling and laughing.  At that moment I could truly say that I hated fairies.  They all had on masks tonight, like Romeo and Juliet, so their eyes were glowing from behind them.  It was creepy.
One of the dancers, mask in place, was slowly approaching my cage.  I sat up slightly, wanting to be ready to duck in case it was someone about to kill me for funsies.  I stayed emotionless when I realized that it was Shayla, a pale gold mask over her features.  She said nothing, only slid this giant candle closer to my cage.  They’d been lighting them next to my cage this entire time but I hadn’t really seen them as helpful.  Without a single giveaway Shayla turned and walked back to the dancers.  
I was wracking my brain for what that candle could do for me.  I couldn’t get it through the cage.  It could take years for it to weaken the bars of the cage.  So that meant it had magical importance.  This was obviously a Flynn plan.  He was testing me while trying to save me.  Jerk.  Okay, Cort, focus.  Fire, what was fire to a Fairy?  It was an elemental and could be handled by those of its line or the… I bit back my smile.  Only the queen could handle fire.  Once I touched the flame I would have complete control of it.  
I kept still and formed my own plan.  Four steps and I could reach the flame.  Then I would hopefully be able to melt through the bars of the cage and keep the rest of the fairies off of me.  But then I was at a blank because I had no idea which way to go.  This dress would really slow me down but with fire under my control, I was pretty sure I could handle them.
Well… no time like the present.  I stood up and saw Blondie, clad in a little black dress, head in my direction.  Oh goodie.  She knew I was up to something and started shoving her way through the dancers.  But I was already at the edge of the cage, within reach of the candle’s flame.  It really went against everything I’d ever been taught about fire but I reached out and stuck my hand in the open flame.  It didn’t hurt. 
I pulled my hand back and watched as the flame just rolled over my hand.  Cool.  I aimed it at the bars of my cage.  Nothing.  And Blondie was getting closer.  I closed my eyes and allowed myself two seconds to panic.  When that was over I opened my eyes and the flame on my hand was gone.  But the tattoo on my wrist was glowing.  I pointed my hand at the cage again and visualized it on fire and melting and it happened.  Ha.  
I stepped through the gaping hole and stopped to pull my dress off when it got stuck on the bars.  Blondie was running towards me.  I pointed my hand at her and visualized flames.  Blondie screamed and fell back.  I just opened fire then, aiming fire at random things.  The rest of the fairies were screaming and milling around and generally getting out of my way.  I ran for the door I’d seen the waiters using all night.  Of course that led to the kitchen.  I ran through that, my dress trailing behind me.
I didn’t hear any sounds of pursuit but that didn’t mean they weren’t following.  I used my fairy vision to follow the thickest dust trails, thinking that it would lead me to some stairs to get me the heck out of here.  I followed the dust trail through a door and suddenly I was assaulted with a wind.
“I’m on a ship?” I asked.  I was on a ship.  And I was pretty far up on this deluxe cruise.  The water below looked like glass it was so still.  I’d heard of this lake.  It was called the Crystal Springs.  When a queen died her body was brought here and dipped into the water.  When the body was brought back out it was glass.  I really didn’t want to go swimming in that but I might have no choice.
I was out on the main deck and people were milling about.  Someone saw me and yelled something.  I aimed a flame at the table nearest them and it went up in flames.  Unfortunately it caught the sail next to it on fire.  My bad.  I aimed some more flames at random places and raced to the edge.  I looked around frantically for something to save me.
By now I was super ticked that none of my friends had stuck around to make sure I got out.  I was in a dress.  A heavy dress.  And now the ship was on fire.  I needed a smaller boat to make my getaway.  I looked over my shoulder.  Blondie’s Guardian was heading my way.  Down we go.
I grabbed hold of a rope and swung myself over the rail.  I lowered myself down about two deck levels and then raced for the other side.  And that was a mistake.  From the other side I could see shore.  It was a distance off, but at least I could see it.  On this side there was no shore to be seen.  I heard yells from above and things falling.  Fire crackling.  I needed to get off this ship.  There were stairs at the far end of this deck.  Maybe if I could get to them… I took off in that direction and quickly turned back when Blondie’s Guardian came racing down them.  He moved fast.  
I was screwed.  I couldn’t fight in this.  And the fire could kick out of my system any minute now.  There was one way out of this.  I threw myself over the side again, grabbing for the rope.  I had to stop and tear my dress when it got caught on something.  Then I was lowering myself down the rope, hoping to get closer to the water before I had to drop into it.
The Guardian came to the edge when I was just out of reach.  I looked up at him, and he grinned.  “Well, Queenie, enjoy the water.  I hear that it’s cold this time of year.”  Then he cut the rope.
I plummeted, silently, to the water below.  For a moment my breath was knocked out of me at the shock of hitting the water so hard and the coldness of it.  I stayed under for a moment, swimming blindly, just trying to get away from the ship.  The water was so cold. It felt like tiny needles were being jabbed into my skin.  I broke the surface, gasping for air.  My teeth were chattering.  Great.  I had escaped certain death at the hands of my captors and now I would freeze to death in a pond.  
My dress was really weighing me down so I was awkwardly trying to swim around the ship so I could get to shore.  And then I started thinking.  That shore was closest so everyone would be heading in that direction.  After floating in this giant case of hypothermia I would be in no shape to fight off anyone.  A toddler could probably take me down.  So I turned and headed in the other direction.
I don’t know how long I was in that water before I found a floating log. My arms, which I’d lost feeling in a while ago, wrapped around it in a death grip.  I pulled myself half out of the water and just mechanically kicked my legs.  The log was awkward and it really slowed me down but it was keeping my face out of the water.  I was so cold.
Eventually I stopped kicking and I didn’t even realize it.  My thoughts were just hazy and all over the place.  I don’t even know how I managed to hang onto the log but I did.  I was fighting to keep my eyes open because I knew if they closed they would stay closed.  There were beads of ice on my eye lashes and my hair was frozen in weighed down curls.  My bangs were stuck in my face, frosted over.  I just wanted to give up.
To keep myself awake I started singing.  As morbid as it was I was softly singing “If I Die Young.”  I thought I saw shore so I halfheartedly started kicking again.  I didn’t think I’d ever be warm again.  But I wanted to get out of this water.  I got closer and I saw that it was a shore.  It was a bunch of rocks, piled everywhere.  I could make it now.  
The log was slowing me down so I carefully let it go, almost crying out when I had to straighten my fingers.  They were white, so white I thought I was dead already.  I awkwardly swam, heading for those rocks.  I finally reached shore.  I grabbed a handhold on the rock that tilted into the water and used it to pull myself up onto shore.  My entire body felt so heavy.  I crawled and dragged myself until my body was out of the water.  The train of my dress still trailed in it but I didn’t care.
Instead of getting warmer my body seemed to be getting colder.  I wanted to cry but I think my tears were frozen behind my eyes.  All I wanted was to sleep.  My eyes were struggling to stay open but it was so hard.  I turned my head and looked to the side.  I could see my pale hand, palm to the sky, the pale wing tattoo seeming so stark against my white skin.  “Stupid. Tattoo,” I said.  
It was too much effort to turn my head back so I continued to look at my hand.  My breathing sounded funny.  Offhandedly I was wondering why I couldn’t see my breath.  If I was this cold, my breath should be a mist.  I nonchalantly started singing again.  This time it was Britney Spears.  
“She is so lucky…but why does she cry?”
I could hear someone moving in the distance.  In the back of my mind I knew I should be worried about that but I couldn’t make myself move.  I just continued to sing.  “If there is nothing…missing in her life why do tears come at night?”  What were the rest of the words?  Huh. Oh well.  “I must confess… that my loneliness…”
Suddenly Cael was there.  “Cortland,” I heard him say.  He practically fell to his knees beside me.  He grabbed my cold hand.  “Cortland.”
I turned my head to look at him.  It took a lot of effort.  “Cold,” I said, my teeth chattering.
“I know, baby, I know.  Just hang on.  I’m going to get you home and then Flynn and the others will be right after us.”
“Home?”  I asked, teeth chattering.  I was so cold.  
I saw Cael take out his wand and wave it around.  Suddenly I wasn’t lying on a cold rock, I was on my comfy bed.  Oh, how I’d missed this thing.  I tried to curl up in a ball but my legs weren’t cooperating.  Cael released my hand and I reluctantly let go.  Then he stretched out beside me, pulling me close.  I snuggled against him, reveling in the warmth.  I could feel his heart beating as the blood began to warm up and flow through my body.  It especially hurt in my fingers so I clenched them on his shirt.
I knew in the back of my mind that he was healing me, warming me up faster.  He was stroking my thawing out hair and talking quietly.  “I can’t believe you burnt down that ship.  I was supposed to grab you when you got out of the cage but you started throwing fireballs left and right and I had to duck and cover.  Kendall followed you out of the kitchen and said she just saw you go over the side.  She thought you ducked in the water then so she headed back to our escape boat.  Then we all spread out on shore to find you.  Shayla said you’d head for the farthest side and that’s where I found you.”
“Shay knows everything.”
“That she does.  I am so glad that I found you because you scared ten years off of my life.  I thought you were dead and I…”
“Cael!”   A door slammed shut downstairs.  “Cael!  Cortland!”
“We’re up here, Shayla,” Cael yelled back down.  “Are you okay now?”  he asked me.
I took a second to assess my appendages.  I could bend and unbend my fingers without crying and I could feel everything else.  “Yeah,” I said.  “Help me up so she doesn’t get worried that I’m worse off than I am.”
Cael helped me sit up even as I could hear Shay’s footsteps pounding up the stairs.  I no sooner sat up before she threw herself at me, hugging me with so much force we both fell backwards.  “Don’t ever do that to me again,” she ordered.  “I thought I was going to have to find a new twin.  Do you know how few naturally curly haired girls there are around here?”
“Shayla,” Cael cut in.  “Do you think you could let her breathe?”
“Sorry,” she apologized.  She hopped to her feet.  I was still a little too frozen to manage that so I helplessly waved my hands around in the air above me.  Cael and Shay jumped to help me sit back up.
“Cortland!”  There was another yell from below.  “Cael!”
“Why are they all so sure that you found her?” Shayla asked Cael as he held me steady as I rose to my feet.
“Maybe because they doubt that your attention span allows you to find someone since they’ve seen you at work here.”
“I resent that.”
I shook my head.  They were bickering like siblings.  Speaking of siblings, I could hear mine yelling my name downstairs.  Cael had a steadying arm around my waist as we walked down the hall to the stairs.  “Let me walk from here,” I said to him.  “I don’t want to scare them.”
He took a step back but I knew if I faltered the slightest bit he would be at my side in a second.  It was annoying and comforting at the same time.  My friends were all clustered at the bottom of the stairs, looking concerned, as I started down.  I was three steps from the bottom when Shayla accidentally stepped on the train of my dress and I tripped and fell forward.  Luckily Flynn was there to catch me.
“Corty, you are never allowed to do that again,” he said, crushing me in a hug.  “And not only because it was stressful and Kendall and Shayla threatened my life.”
“You’re hogging the queen,” Kendall punched his arm.  He released me and stepped out of her way.  “Or beauty pageant contestant. Nice dress, Cort.”
“Like I picked this out,” I said.  “And it’s better than last night’s dress.”
“I like this one,” Monty gave me a hug.  “You look very regal.”
“How did you guys get me out?  I thought I couldn’t get back through the realm.”
“Flynn found a bylaw that said the queen could leave if she was wounded,” Cam said.
“But how were you sure that I was going to be hurt?”  I was still confused.
“We had tricks up our sleeve,” Kendall grinned at me.
I was kind of weirded out.  I looked at Shay.  “Kendall was going to cut you,” she informed me.
I looked at Kendall with a mildly horrified look.  “A small cut.  It was going to barely qualify as a cut,” she said comfortingly.  Then to herself, “I really was looking forward to it.”
“I’m going to go upstairs before I get cut,” I announced.  “Plus I could really use some sleep in a position that isn’t sitting up in a throne.”  Ah, my nice soft bed.  And my warm blanket.  I was so going to sleep for about thirteen point three hours.  
I closed the door after my dress and went to stand in front of the mirror.  I looked at myself.  My dark hair was curling loosely on my shoulders, a striking red against the blue dress.  My eyes seemed bigger than usual.  I tilted my head.  I could totally pass as a queen.  I was almost pretty.  And I was almost sad to take the dress off.  
There was no give in that dress.  It was loosen the corset ties in the back or stay in this dress forever.  Unfortunately the straps were at that awkward spot on my back where I couldn’t reach it, no matter how I bent my arms.  I was twisted, trying to use the mirror to my advantage so I could stop accidentally pulling my hair when I thought it was the strap, but there was no way I was getting out of this dress myself.  I sighed and turned to exit my room to ask Shay for assistance.
Before I could reach the door it quietly opened and Cael stepped in.  “I thought you would be asleep by now,” he said. 
I made a face, trying to reach the strap with one hand.  “I can’t get this stupid thing untied.  That blonde ho of an assassin tightened it so I can barely breathe.”
Cael smiled at me and motioned for me to turn around.  “You know, I think this whole ordeal would be a lot worse if you and Shay didn’t have such awesome senses of humor.”
“Victory,” I said as I turned.  “I’m going to have to tell Shay that you admitted that you like us.”
“I happen to like you a lot more,” he said seriously.  “Could you get your hair out of the way?”
I obligingly reached around and pulled my hair to the side so he could unknot the straps.  “So…” I began, twirling a curl with my finger.  “You really like me?”  God, I felt like I was back in junior high.
“Yes, Cort, I really like you.  Leaving you behind was the hardest thing I’ve ever had to do.  There’s just something about you that drew me in and now that I know you better, I just want to know more.  I’m aware that Flynn isn’t totally sure about his best friend being serious about his little sister but I’m prepared to deal with him.  And after tonight, seeing you lying there like that… You looked so serene and beautiful and I honestly thought you were dead.  And then I got hit with some emotions that I am still assessing.”  He was slowly untying the little ribbons, about halfway down my back.  I could probably get out the dress by now but I was basking in being close to him.
“That does sound serious,” I said.  “I don’t know how I feel about that.”
Cael put his hands on my shoulders and turned me around.  “I can bring you around to my way of thinking.”
“Really?” I asked, a smile playing at my lips.
Cael leaned down and rested his forehead against mine.  “I’m pretty confident.”  His pretty grey eyes were staring into mine.  I could see the smile in them.  And it hit me that Cael was one of the most beautiful people that I’d met.  Cliché or not, what was inside was like an explosion of fireworks, ready to make someone stop and stare.  He was funny, serious, hardworking, and he honestly wanted to help people.  
I stood on my tiptoes.  “I’m pretty confident too.”
Cael suddenly swept me off my feet.  “I like confidence in a girl.”  He turned and flipped the light off and… well, a girl doesn’t kiss and tell.

The worst feeling in the world is when you wake up in the middle of the night and can’t get back to sleep.  You’re so tired and sleep would be a state of bliss but there’s so much on your mind.  The darkness presses in around you, the silence so horribly loud.  There’s no escape because you’re the only one awake.  And unfortunately, tonight I had a lot of things on my mind.  As always there was the whole Seeker thing weighing on me, with the added bonus of being Whisper’s most wanted.  Then there was finding Flynn and trying to figure out how to be a little sister again.  And then Cael.
I rolled to my side and watched Cael.  Breathe in, breathe out.  With the light from the full moon washing across his face he looked so striking.  His face couldn’t have been more perfect if Michelangelo had chiseled it out of stone.  I knew if I woke him up he would talk me through this waking nightmare.  But I didn’t want to wake him.  Everyone in this house had earned this sleep.  I wasn’t going to ruin it.
I silently sat up and slid out of the bed, slipping into my robe.  I grabbed the first book I felt on my bookshelf and quietly crept to my door.  I opened it without a creak and stepped into the hall.  I cracked the door and padded down the hall to my bathroom.  I turned on the dim light and closed the door.  I sat on the edge of the tub while I ran the water as quietly as possible.  I poured in some lavender bath oil, hoping that would relax me.  I settled in the warm water and opened my book.
Normally this would calm me, get rid of the worries that were plaguing me, even in my dreams.  But not tonight.  There was only one thing to do.
I drained the bath water and dried off.  I opened up the cabinet underneath the sink and grabbed the extra clothes I keep in here.  Sometimes Otherworldly hunting required me to go directly to the shower, not allowing me to get untainted clothes.  This cabinet was pretty much always stocked.  I pulled on some sweats and a baggy t-shirt that I’d gotten from the last concert I’d gone too.  The steam from the bath water had frizzed out my hair so I quickly put that in a low, sloppy bun.  
I tiptoed down the stairs, trying to avoid the creaky parts.  I knew it was stupid of me to want to go outside and sit on the porch swing but that’s what had gotten me through my really bad nightmares in the past.  Occasionally my mom or dad would hear me sneaking out there and would come out and sit with me but tonight it would only be me.  Or I thought it would be.
I paused around the corner of the living room, where I knew Flynn was sleeping.  He had supersonic hearing.  And if he caught me sneaking outside alone he’d kill me himself.  I peeked around but all I could see was blackness.  My eyes kind of adjusted and I saw a lump on the couch, not moving.  Okay, he was asleep.  
I quickly stepped past that doorway and crept down the short hall to the front door.  It was locked of course, and I held my breath as I flipped it, that little click so loud in the night.  I froze, my hand still on the lock, waiting for Flynn to descend on me like the plague.  Nothing.  I put my hand carefully on the doorknob and I twisted ever so slowly… “What are you doing?”
My heart tripled in speed as I spun around.  “You almost just gave me a heart attack.”
“You almost just gave me a heart attack.  I just hear the door start opening and everyone is supposedly asleep so my mind immediately jumps to bad guy.”  Flynn lightly shoved me.  “We just get you back and already you’re trying to get taken.”
“I couldn’t sleep,” I explained.  “When I can’t sleep I go out and rock on the porch swing to calm down.”
Flynn reached around me and locked the door again, dead bolting it.  “Well, until we get this whole thing settled, you’re going to have to settle for the nature channel and rocking in the recliner.”
 He led me to the previously mentioned recliner.  I sat in it and almost laughed when he really did turn it to the nature channel.  Unfortunately it was a hunting show so he quickly flipped it while I hid my eyes.  “Maybe a movie?” he suggested.
“Can I ask you something?” I asked, curling my legs up on the recliner.
“Shoot.”
“Why do you go by Flynn?”
He smiled, almost imperceptibly.  “When Cael and Cam’s parents’ first got me, I was pretty upset.  Every time I went in to a room, their mom or dad would ask how I was feeling.  Cam caught on to it but he was only six, so it quickly got shortened.  Then he thought it was my name.  It just stuck.”
He picked a movie that sounded innocent from its title but quickly turned into a slasher film.  There was something I’d been dying to ask him.  I just didn’t know if I wanted to hear the truth or not.  “Cael and Cam’s family. Were they-?”
“They were great,” he answered.  “Cael and Cam were fun to grow up with.  They just weren’t my family.”   He volunteered to change the channel again but I was already attached to the characters and wanted to know who survived.  I did end up moving to sit next to him on the couch.  Even though the girl on screen was being stalked by the killer I found that my eyes were getting heavier and heavier.  I stretched out on my side, propping my head on the arm of the couch.  Before I knew it I was pretty much out of it.
I was just on this side of dreamland when I heard someone fly down the steps and past the living room.  I had a pretty good idea who it was.  Quick, fall asleep.
“Cael,” Flynn called.
“Can’t talk now,” Cael said.  “I think I might have lost your sister.”
“She’s right here.”
I heard the front door shut and then sensed that Cael was in the room.  He sighed loudly.  “She is extremely sneaky.  And prone to instigating heart attacks.”
“Don’t I know it?  She wanted to go sit outside and sit in the porch swing but I convinced her to sit in here and relax.”
Cael paused.  “By watching a horror film?”
“She seemed to enjoy it.  Before her eyes started closing she was commenting on the plot and the acting.”
I sensed Cael settle on the floor in front of me.  “So what is this movie about?”  Then I was truly asleep.
I woke up with the sun on my face, stretched out on the couch.  Someone had settled a blanket over me during the night.  The TV was off and the living room was empty.  I lay still for a few more minutes, relishing in the rested feeling.  This feeling was bound to wear off.  
I sat up and stretched, feeling all the bones pop back into place from a snooze on the couch.  I could smell fresh coffee.  The kitchen was the place to be.  I got to my feet and ambled to the kitchen.
I could hear two deep voices talking seriously.  The last part is what narrowed it down.  Serious meant Cael and Flynn.  I was almost curious enough to eavesdrop around the corner but I really wanted that coffee.  All I caught was “Dark red hair,” before I breezed in.
“Who has dark red hair?” I asked as I picked up Cael’s coffee cup and took a sip.  I made a face and put it back on the table.
“You do,” Flynn answered.  He and Cael watched as I poured my own cup of coffee and flavored it to my liking.  “Would you like some coffee with that sugar?”
I stirred the coffee and took a sip.  “Nope.  This is perfect.”
Flynn eyed me.  “Your teeth are going to rot out of your head.”
“But at least I will have been happy,” I said, taking another sip.
“Speaking of happy, I would be much happier if I hadn’t woken up in the middle of the night to find my Seeker missing,” Cael made a move to slap the back of my head.  I blocked absently with one hand and sipped from my coffee with the other.  “Warn a guy next time.”
“I didn’t want to wake anyone up,” I said.  “Everyone looked so tired.”
“We’re also worried,” Flynn pointed out.  “But now I’m more worried because my little sister doesn’t want to put any one out so she tries to go off by herself.”
“I can handle myself,” I sang, grabbing for the newspaper. 
Cael slid it out of my reach.  “We’re not saying that.  We’re saying that everyone needs to be cautious.”
“This whole tag teaming the overprotectiveness is kind of making me sick,” I said frankly.  “Can we be done now?”
“No, Miss Snotty,” Flynn said.  “I’m your big brother and I want you to stay safe and running around by yourself at night is not the way to do that.”
“And I’m your… I… You…” I raised my eyebrow at Cael.  It’s good to know that I’m not the only one who finds this relationship thing confusing.  “You’re a girl.  I have this overwhelming urge to protect you and you’re making it very difficult.”
I felt my face turn to stone as I looked at the two of them, looking down at me.  I so badly wanted to toss my coffee in someone’s face but I didn’t want to burn their retinas or something.  I calmly took another sip of my coffee.  Lukewarm.  It wouldn’t cause much damage.  Now I just had to figure out who I wanted to toss my coffee at more.  Eenie, meenie, miney… Throw.
I pushed back from the table and stomped for the door.  I bumped into Kendall and Shayla as they came into the kitchen.  Shayla looked over my shoulder at Cael’s dripping face-Cael’s livid dripping face- and then focused on me.  “Do you need to talk?”
“Yes, take her,” Flynn said, fighting back the laugh.  “Stick with her please.”
Shayla and Kendall turned and followed me out the front door.  “Why did Cort just toss coffee in Cael’s face?” Kendall asked Shayla.
“I don’t know,” Shayla said.  She sped up to catch up to me.  “Cort, why did you toss coffee at Cael?”
I had quickly covered the ground to the barn so I swung the door open.  “Because he called me a girl.”
Kendall gasped.  “Oh, how dare he?”
I glared at her as Shayla asked, “Isn’t that a good thing?”
I whirled around, looking for something to take this anger out on.  Punching bag.  That would do it.  “No,” I said as I kicked the punching bag.  “It’s not a good thing.”
“I am so lost,” Kendall said, standing behind the punching bag to hold it steady.
Shayla, her best friend role down to an art form, wasn’t lost.  “What would you want him to describe you as?”
I furiously punched the bag.  I was going to be lucky if I didn’t end up breaking my knuckles.  “I don’t know,” I said.  “Girlfriend? True love? Hell, I would have settled for Seeker.”
“Wait,” Kendall popped her head around the punching bag.  “Are you and Cael-?”
I nodded at her.  “Catch up,” Shayla said to her.  “So, why don’t you talk to him?”
“We talked a little last night.  He said he could see things getting serious and that leaving me in Whisper was the hardest thing he’d ever had to do and that he still had some feelings he was assessing.”
“This is a tough one,” Kendall said, abandoning the punching bag.  I did the same.  The three of us took a seat on the floor in the middle of the training room.  “It could be the kiss of death and that was him putting you off, stringing you along, however you want to put it.”
“Like him giving you a promise ring when we all know you want an engagement ring,” Shayla used a comparison. “But it could also be that he is really serious about you but that was him getting cold feet.”
“It’s not my fault,” I said sullenly.  “Why did he have to call me a girl?”
“Because he’s confused.  And he probably doesn’t know how to describe you or how you want to be described so he settled for the easy road.”
“And you coffee-d him,” Kendall said.  
“He was being a jerk.”
“I’m sure Flynn was being a jerk but you didn’t toss hot coffee in his face,” Shayla said.
“It was lukewarm,” I said defensively.  “I checked before I tossed it in his face.”
“Well, if that isn’t love, I don’t know what is,” Kendall said dryly.  “Seriously, why did no one tell me that Cortland and Cael were an item.”
“There were bigger things going on,” Shayla said to her.  “Like a war between realms and our best friend getting kidnapped.  We got shot at and chased and you were hiding out in an attic while I was finding out.”
Kendall’s eyes widened.  “Oh.  That day.  I was wondering about the way Cael was acting that day.”
“Honestly, guys, I don’t know what to do,” I said, falling backwards dramatically.  That gave me the perfect view of the Whisper grenade that shattered the glass window in the tack room turned armory.  Kendall and Shayla leaned over to look quizzically at what had just happened.  The three of us realized the implications of that little top spinning around, smoke whizzing out of it.  Simultaneously we jumped to our feet and raced for the door.
I know it was kind of rash to run out the door, with the likelihood that there was someone out there waiting to kill us as we did this very escape but a maybe death at the hands of an assassin was better than a sure death of being blown up by a Whisper grenade.  Kendall was ahead of me, the track star that she was, and I was making sure Shayla didn’t stumble.  She got clumsy at the worst possible times. 
We made it almost fifteen feet away when there was this muted boom.  The barn exploded.  I sort of got tossed at Kendall and Shay, knocking us to the ground. I had my arms pressing those two down, my face pressed into the dirt because I did not want to see what was falling towards us.
It was probably over within a minute or less but it seemed to last forever.  Why was nothing raining down on us?  I lifted my face from the ground and saw that there were weapons scattered all around us.  I was having a little trouble hearing.  I could hear screams, but it was like they were really far away.  I looked at Kendall and Shay and saw that they had their hands over their ears and they were screaming.  That hit me hard.  Through all of the horrifying, scary stuff that we’d seen and been through, I’d never seen these two scream.  Then I focused on myself.  I was screaming too.
It sort of clicked in our brains then that we were still alive so the screams died down.  “Holy!  Shit!” Kendall shrieked, pushing herself up.  “They tried to blow us up!”
Shayla was just breathing deeply, eyes closed, as she rolled onto her back.  I pressed my face into the ground.  I heard the front door slam open, so I looked up.  “Cortland!” Cael yelled, sprinting for us.
Shayla crooked her eyes over at me.  “I’m no expert, but I think he loves you.”  Kendall nodded and slapped my back.  
Cael practically slid the last five feet, grabbing me by the arms.  “Holy. Shit.”  He kissed my eyelids, my cheeks, and then my lips.  “You almost just got blown up,” he said between them.  
“Could you stop kissing my sister?” Flynn demanded as he helped Kendall to her feet.  “What the hell happened?”
“We were sitting there, talking, when the window in the tack room shatters and a Whisper grenade started spinning around.  We got the hell out and ended up here.”
Monty came sprinting out, carrying the first aid kit that we keep under the kitchen sink.  “Is anyone hurt?”
“No,” Shayla said.  “That’s the weird part.  We were running and then KABOOM.  Then we’re flat on the ground and stuff is falling all around but none of it was hitting us.”
“By rights we should look like pincushions,” I said, gesturing at the dagger to my right.
“There was some sort of shield around you,” Asher said.  “I heard the explosion and looked out the window and I could see the weapons and wood falling towards you and then bouncing off.”
“Must be something to do with being Queen,” Flynn said.  
“Where’s Cam?” I asked.  
“He’s out doing recon, making sure whoever did this hit the road.”
Cam jogged around the house.  “There’s no sign of them.  Everyone okay here?”
“I’m just fabulous,” I said sarcastically, getting to my feet.  I started to wave my hand to repair the barn, much like I’d repaired my house, but stopped at the panicked look on Flynn’s face.  I paused.  “What?”
“You might not want to do that when we’re all surrounded by weapons and shards of wood.”
I pondered that.  “Perhaps.”
Once we’d all moved out of the way, I did the spell.  Within seconds that barn was standing again, the weapons no longer littering my yard.  “That is one handy incantation,” I said to Flynn.  “And as much as I love the satisfaction of a job well done, it doesn’t take away from how I’m totally pissed off.”
“No one tries to blow me to smithereens and gets away with it,” Shayla said.
Kendall cracked her knuckles.  She got that scary, in the zone look that made me feel lucky that I was playing on her side.  “Please tell me that we’re not going to take this sitting down.”
Flynn got this narrow, dangerous smile that made me feel even luckier to be fighting on this side.  “Now we’re taking the fight to them.”
-Chapter 8-


The first order of business was to head into town and make sure no one had noticed the huge explosion.  Cael went with me, since he was my Guardian.  My car was looking a little rough around the edges, with the bullet holes in it and what not, so I took the old pick up.  My destination, gossip central.
I parked in the store parking lot, checking out the cars parked in the employee section.  It was a habit.  I took the keys out of the ignition and leaned back.
“Is there something wrong?” Cael asked, sounding a little concerned.
“I haven’t been in here since I was fired via a phone call to my friend.  It’s bound to be awkward.”
“I can handle awkward.”
“There will be probing questions, whispers, and possibly taunting and dirty looks, depending on the workers and the customers.”
“I can handle questions, whispers, taunts, and dirty looks.  Why would your co-workers taunt you?”
“It’s entirely possible that I was a perfectionist and I knew that I did my job well.  They all tended to hate me.”
“You? A perfectionist? No.”
I smacked him.  “Don’t mock me.”
I reluctantly opened the door and looked at the grocery store.  Sigh.  This was not going to be fun.  Cael walked around the truck and got my hand.  I dug my feet in.  Cael sighed and stepped in close, wrapping his arms around me.  “I find it hard to believe that you can stare down tons of Otherworldlies and take on assassins and get blown up and shot at but you can’t step into that little grocery store.”
I hadn’t resisted, enjoying the feel of him holding onto me, breathing in his scent.  “Don’t mock me,” I repeated quietly.  
He rubbed my back.  “I will be right there, with you, returning the dirty looks and whispering gibberish to you, because two can play that game.”
I looked up at him and smiled.  Because there were no words that could describe the warm, happy feeling that was throughout me, I kissed him lightly on the lips.  Cael cared.  He cared about me.  It meant a lot to me.
I threw my shoulders back and went to confront the dragon in its den.  I walked in and a few of the customers, regulars that knew me by name, greeted me.  “Where you been, girlie?” one called.
“I’ve been busy,” I called back with a smile.  The two cashiers smirked.  I remembered Cael’s pep talk and smirked back.  I may have been fired but on the plus side, I was no longer standing for hours at a time dealing with rude people and bloody chicken dripping all over my check stand.  
I grabbed a basket and headed for the action.  In the amount of time it took me to get through seven aisles I managed to bump into four of the biggest know-it-alls of the town.  I juggled questions about my parents, Cael, and the loud boom coming from my direction.  “Yeah, I did hear that,” I said, truthfully.  “I had no idea what it was.”  And there was the lie.
Cael and I headed for the line when I groaned.  “What?” Cael asked.  
The what was Creepy Bob.  He gets the nickname because his name is Bob and he’s, well, creepy.  If you’re a female between the ages of sixteen and forty, odds are he’s checked you out or hit on you.  If you’re a male between sixteen and forty, he’s given you advice on how to treat a lady.  If by lady you mean two bit hooker with every STD under the sun.  I didn’t want Cael to have to be scarred for life by a conversation with him so I lined up behind him.  I immediately turned and started talking to Cael.
I was in mid-sentence when I saw Cael’s face turn to stone.  Without turning I knew Creepy Bob was probably checking out my ass.  I slightly shook my head at Cael, knowing that Creepy Bob would turn his attention to the checker girl who couldn’t get away.  But with his talent, he managed to suck me into his lame-o conversation.
“How much is that lotto up to?” I heard him ask the unfortunate checker.  I quickly checked over my shoulder.  Yep, I’d had that blank, please-get-the-hell-outta-here look on my face a load of times.  Even with no encouragement that man could drag on a conversation.
“I don’t know.  I think it’s like twenty million.”
Creepy Bob whistled.  “I could live off of that. A man would be mighty rich.”
“Yup.”
“A man with that much money could bag him any pretty little thing he wanted.”
I made a gag face and Cael snorted.  If that checker kept a straight face I would be pretty impressed.  
And his creepiness continued.  “Hell, I bet Legs here would marry me.”
I closed my eyes.  Please, let him not be talking about me.  A grimy hand came down on my shoulder.  “What say you, Curly?”
I turned, making it necessary for him to remove his hand.  “You aren’t my type, no matter how much money you had.”  Thank god I didn’t have to be polite anymore because I was an employee.
“What if I were the last man on earth?” he asked, grinning at me.  I’m sure he thought he looked rakish.  Epic fail.
“I’m afraid,” or gleeful, “to say that it’s still a no.”  A hell no.
He looked me up and down one more time and then looked at Cael.  “You say that now but just wait until hotshot here loses his looks.”  Then he moseyed out of the store.
The disgusted, stunned look stayed on my face.  There was a similar look on the innocent checker’s face.  “I suppose he thinks he still has his looks,” Cael said dryly.
The checker scanned the few items I had.  I numbly handed her the cash.  “I think I might throw up,” I said.
“I would if I were you,” the checker sympathized.  “He touched you.”
I shuddered. “I need to burn this shirt immediately.”
I was handed my change and Cael followed me out of the store. “So what was that all about?”
“That, my friend, is Creepy Bob.  He believes that he’s the greatest gift to womankind and his type is female.  That was actually fairly mild in his creepiness.  I’d rate it at maybe a four.”
“He checked out your ass.  He stared at it for about thirty seconds.”
“So a five, maybe a five and a half.  Trust me, he gets creepier.”  We were in the truck.  I was wearing a white V-neck over a pink tank top.  The white shirt came off.  Cael looked at me curiously.  “He touched it,” I explained.
I stepped in the house and Flynn looked up from the kitchen table.  “Where’s your shirt?” he narrowed his eyes at the two of us.
“Creepy Bob touched me.”
Flynn shook his head.  “That means nothing to me.”
Shayla made a disgusted sound from beside him.  “Sick.  You should bleach where ever he touched you.”
“Creepy Bob…” Kendall mused.  “I feel like I should know this.  You two have talked about him before.  Wait, is this the guy that watched you at the gas station?”
“That’s the one,” I settled at the kitchen table.  “That’s a ten on the creepy scale.”
“I’m so confused,” Flynn said.
“There was this creepy guy at the store that checked out Cortland and hit on her.  He insinuated that she would hook up with him once I got ugly.”
Campbell snorted.  “The men in our family never lose their looks.”
“Really?” I smiled at Cael.  
“Yeah, really.”  Cael smiled back, leaning closer.
Flynn coughed.  “Please do not show affection in my sight.”
“Prude,” Kendall coughed.  He shot her a dirty look.
“Did we find anything?” I asked them, picking up one of the books that was flipped open on the table.
“We?” Monty repeated.  “You were at the store.”
“I was molested at the store,” I corrected.
“Wait.  I want to hear more about how this guy is a ten for watching you at the gas station,” Cam interjected.
“I was putting gas in my car and I turn and he’s kneeling on the ground, behind the gas thingy, staring at me.  To this day I don’t know how he got there without me seeing him or how long he was there.”
“He’s unnatural,” Shayla said.  “And disturbing.”
Flynn rolled his eyes.  “Now that I’ve added another name to my must-hunt-down list, can I get to the important stuff?”
“Who else is on this list?” Cael asked.
Flynn just looked at him and smiled.  I bit back my own smile.  “Anyway, they’ve tried to totally screw her over.  She doesn’t even have half of the power that she should have.”
“How do I get this power?” I asked.  “If it involves being crowned by the Whisper equivalent of a pope, I don’t think they’ll agree to that.”
“Nope.  Better.”  He slid a book to me.  Cael snatched it away before I even read three words.
He read it quickly, putting it back down on the table in front of him.  I slid it over towards me, scanning it, waiting to get to the interesting part.  “So all she has to do is get to the crown at the top of that tower and we’re good.”
“Why do I even bother reading?” I asked, putting the book down in front of me.  “Tell me more.”
“If you get to the top of this tower in the far, lonely corner of Whisper, you grab the crown.  Then you’re officially Queen and you will have even more power.  Plus you can tap into anything anyone is doing.  Hell, we could take over the castle,” Flynn said.
“I bet somewhere in that castle is the answer to this whole mystery,” I mused out loud.  “Mack kind of left a lot blank.”
The eight of us stared at each other.  There was a lot to consider.  Things were about to get a whole lot more dangerous and once we went in, there was no coming back.  “I won’t think any less of anyone who chooses not to go,” I said quietly.
“What the hell?” Kendall burst out.  “Why would you even say that?”
“Because I’m still taking flak about not asking permission to give your powers back.  I feel like I should give you a chance to step out of the line of fire.”
“We’re your best friends,” Monty said.  “You’ve never stepped out of the line of fire and you stayed there for us.”
“I think I speak for everyone when I say that we stay, win or lose,” Cam said.
I had to fight to keep the tears from welling in my eyes.  I had some of the greatest friends anyone could ask for.  “Ok,” I said steadily.  “So, Flynn, o mighty plan master, what’s on the agenda?”
“Get packed.  We leave for Whisper in three hours.”
We all nodded and pushed back from the table.  “And by packing I don’t mean cute little outfits and shoes.  One pair of shoes!” he called after us.
“I feel like he’s directing that at you and me,” Shayla said.  “I resent that.”
Cael had never really unpacked so he sat at my desk and advised me.  “Why would you take that?” he asked as I folded up another tank top.
I shot him a dirty look and tossed the tank top at him.  “Fine.  Have it your way.”
“If you pack that bag full of clothes Flynn will draw and quarter you.”
I picked up the bag and dropped it in his lap.  “As you will note, the bag was already half full of emergency weapons.  You’re not the only one who plans for every contingency.”
Cael dropped the bag on the floor next to his.  “I am impressed that it only took you forty minutes to pack.”  
“What can I say?” I sat on the edge of my bed.  “I’m that good.”
“Are you thinking what I’m thinking?”
“I’m done packing and Flynn has actually given me approval,” Shayla burst in.  “Then he sent me up here to chaperone.”
“Of course he did,” Cael said.  
“So.”  Shayla bounced up and down on the bed beside me.  “What are we going to do?”
“I am going to nap,” I decided.  “Since none of us are apt to be getting any sleep until this is all over.”
“Good plan.”  Shayla just toppled backwards.  I giggled.  
“Cute, Shay.”
“I am packed and Flynn approves,” Monty announced from my doorway.  “Are we napping?”
Shayla pulled me backwards as she pretended to snore.  “Apparently,” I said.
She belly flopped on the bed next to Shay.  “Awesome.”
“Flynn sent you up here to chaperone because he thought I would be easily rid of,” Shayla accused.
“And here comes Kendall, probably also bearing approval from Flynn and the orders to chaperone his baby sister,” Cael got to his feet.  “Apparently he needs my help but doesn’t want to ask.”
“I can neither confirm nor deny,” Kendall said, stretching out next to me.
“Yeah, well,” he looked at the four of us awkwardly, our legs hanging over the edge of my bed.  “You crazy kids behave yourself.  Cortland, I….will see you later.”
“Bye, Cael, have fun,” the four of us chorused.  
“He was so going to say the ‘L’ word,” Shayla hissed once he was out of the room.   “How sweet.”
“I was serious about nap time,” I said, closing my eyes.  That might have stopped the conversation but it didn’t stop the smile.

“I told you to wear something that wouldn’t stand out on a tower covered in vines,” Flynn said to Kendall, Shay, and I.
“Hence the camouflage,” Kendall gestured at her outfit.
“Smartasses,” Flynn said, turning away.
Kendall bit back her smile.  We had totally just won a skirmish against Flynn.  
I was wearing camo capri sweats and a camo V-neck.   The patterns totally didn’t match and that was driving me nuts.  So as not to push Flynn over the edge I’d settled for black sneakers instead of my favorite heels.  But I’d snuck those into my bag.  “What’s the plan?”  Shayla asked.  We got no answer.
Ten minutes later, the three of us were looking up the vine covered tower.  “You want us to climb that?” I asked.
“That’s the plan.”
“Isn’t there a door?  Stairs?”  Shayla grabbed my arm.  “Do you think fairies have discovered elevators?”
I gave her a look and then focused on Flynn.  “I don’t think this is safe.”
“You three will blend in and no one is around here, anyway.  You guys have your weapons and after all the training, I know the three of you can handle this.”  Flynn just looked at me, sincerity all over his face.  “I’m sending up you three because oddly you’re the most attuned to each other.”
Kendall wiped her hands on her camo cargo pants.  “Let’s get to it.”  She was already pulling herself up the tower.
I rolled my eyes and started up after her.  Shayla sighed.  “You know I hate physical exercise.”  But she grudgingly started climbing.  
“This is stupid,” I said, halfway up.  “When does it end?”
“Let’s get to it,” Shayla mocked Kendall.  “Woo hoo.  My hands are scraping away.”
“I was in the zone until your negativity bitch slapped it out of this realm,” Kendall muttered, pulling herself up.  “Blah blah, my arms hurt, blah.”
“Okay, guys,” I said breathlessly.  “This will be a lot less painful if we are supportive.”  
“Ouch.”  Kendall sucked in a breath and pulled her hand back. “Do these vines have sharp things on them?”
“I haven’t run into any yet,” I said.  Great, another thing to worry about.  Sharp vines.  “Are you okay?”
“Nothing a little super healing won’t fix,” she said, reaching for a different vine.
Kendall was in the lead for the climb since she was the most focused.  She gets into her own little world and doesn’t feel the burn in her arms.  She was to my left.  To my right and only slightly above me was Shayla.  I hated being last.  But this long climb was starting to get to me.  I hadn’t looked down too gauge how far we’d gone because I really didn’t want to know how high above ground I was.  
I reached up into a particularly green clump and was a little shaken when the vines pulled from the tower wall.  Great, now I needed to worry about a vine coming loose and plummeting to my death.  I was even more shaken when I pulled myself up via another vine and came face to face with a skull.  I shrieked and lost grip with one hand, swinging away from the skull.  I frantically grabbed at another vine and clung to it, breathing deeply. 
“What is your problem?” Kendall looked down at me.  And then we were all a little distracted. 
Apparently in fairy land, vines can come to life.  Especially when its defense is part of a rite of passage for anyone trying to reach the crown.  
Vines started wrapping around Kendall and she pulled out the sword that was hanging down her back.  Shayla sped up the climbing, mostly tearing the vines before they had a chance to get a grip on her.  A vine wrapped around my ankle.  I followed Kendall’s lead and pulled out my sword.  Hacking really slows down climbing.  And the longer I stayed in one spot, the more it seemed like the vines were condensing in this area.
“Quit fighting,” I yelled up at Kendall.  “Keep climbing.”
She slung her sword over her shoulder again and kept climbing.  I did the same.  “Ow,” I cried out when my hand encountered something sharp.  Damn vines.  Shayla was pulling herself in through the window at the top.  Kendall was almost there.  Now that I had good incentive I was moving pretty fast myself.  
Shayla helped pull Kendall in.  “Come on, Cort,” she encouraged me, leaning out.
“Shut up,” I muttered, reaching up.  A vine snaked out and wrapped around my wrist.  I couldn’t pull loose.  I couldn’t cut myself loose because then I wouldn’t be holding on to anything.  “A little help,” I called out.
Kendall reached out and started hacking at the vines that could be the one gripping me.  It let out a little shriek and let go, gone as fast as it had appeared.  I double timed it to the top, grabbing the window sill.  My arms chose that moment to go all weak on me.  The vines attacked with a vengeance, wrapping around my legs and hips.  Kendall and Shayla both got a grip on me and started pulling me in.  The vines snapped free and the three of us tumbled in through the window.
“Great job, team,” I said once I could breathe.  
The three of us untangled ourselves and got to our feet, warily glancing around.  “If I were a crown, where would I hide?” Shayla asked.
“I don’t know.  Stick close and be prepared for anything,” I warned.
It was sort of anti-climactic when we turned the corner and there sat a bunch of crowns.  The three of us held our swords out at the ready, waiting for monkeys with poisonous dart guns to pop out.  “So which crown is the one we’re supposed to take?” Shayla asked.
“I don’t know.  It’s probably some sort of test.  She who goes for the shiny one with the most jewels dies.”
“So the shiny one on the end is out,” Kendall said wryly.
Shayla had carefully moved in closer to the crowns.  “I think this one is for the Queen,” she pointed at one nestled on a small pillar in the center.  “And the rest of them,” she looked over a few others.  “They’re for like your lords and dukes and so on.”
“So if I grab you guys a crown, you’d get more powers too,” I guessed.  “Shay, grab three.  I’ll grab three.  And Kendall grabs two so she can defend us on the way down.”
“I am not climbing down,” Shayla informed me, as she prepared to pick up a small crown.  
“Wait!” Kendall burst out.
“Yes?” I asked, hands over my crown.  
“It’s been too easy getting here.  I bet these things are going to go all Indiana Jones on us and once we lift the crown there’s a booby trap.”
“So…”
“We’re going to have to grab as many at one time as possible.”
“Okay.  So you get those two.  I’ll grab the three clustered in the center.  Shay, you try to get those three at that end.”
“On the count of three,” Kendall said steadily.  “One…two…three!”
The three of us snatched up our assignments and clutched them to our chest.  I personally ducked while Kendall jumped to the side and Shayla jumped back.  “Nothing happened,” Shayla giggled.  
“Nada.”  We were all laughing at our ridiculous reactions when there was this grating noise.
The three of us looked at each other.  “What was…” Kendall’s last word was drowning in our screams as the floor became a freaking stone slide. 
We were plummeting through the tower, not able to stop or slow ourselves down.  The stone floor was uneven, making it a little painful on the butt and back.  At least I was sliding down the center so I didn’t have to worry about the furniture like Kendall and Shayla.  They were trying their best to avoid hitting little tables and stands but weren’t doing so hot.  A crown slid out of Shayla’s grasp and I grabbed for it.  
Then suddenly the hallway narrowed.  And when I say narrow, I mean I don’t know how the three of us were going to fit through it.
Kendall jammed into the wall first, getting maneuvered into the center, right ahead of me.  Shayla was shoved into me, so the two of us clutched each other.  Kendall grabbed onto my legs.  The three of us screamed again when we saw the line of spikes sticking out of the floor.  These were going to hurt.
I closed my eyes because I didn’t want to see myself impaled.  However, we made it through relatively unscathed since the spikes were glass.  We just crashed through them.  The floor seemed to tilt more and we started sliding faster.  By now I was ready for this ride to be over.  The castle had other ideas.
We got a quick tour of the obstacles we would have had to face if we’d come up this way.  Wooden spikes that jabbed out of the wall.  Fire balls shooting out of the floor.  A swinging pendulum shaped like an ax.  Somehow we dodged them all.
Kendall somehow scooted so that she was even with us, clutching my other arm.  All three of us tightened our hold when we saw the wooden doors that was dead ahead.  I bet it was thick and sturdy and could break limbs.  I turned my head and screamed.
Imagine my surprise when I realized that I wasn’t plummeting down a stone tower’s floor any longer.  I opened my eyes and looked up and saw a rather amused looking Cael and Monty.  A few more screams escaped before I composed myself.  My next objective was to unhook my fingers from Shayla’s arm and untangle myself from my friends.  
I sat up and the crowns slipped down my arms, hitting the ground.  Flynn came loping out of the trees that surrounded the tower.  Cam and Asher weren’t far behind.  “Why was I hearing screaming?” Cam asked.
Kendall pushed herself up.  “So it turns out, when you grab a crown, the floor drops.”
I poked Shayla.  “Are you alive?”
“Ouch,” she groaned.
Cam nudged her with a foot.  She smacked at him.  “She’s okay,” he announced with a grin.
“Don’t screw with me,” she snarled.  “I just slid down a very uneven stone floor, I got singed by fire balls, wooden stakes were jabbed at me, and I almost lost appendages in the pendulum room.  Then I crashed through a freaking door, although I didn’t feel that last one.  By then I was probably too numb.  Maybe I died for a second.”
“You never hit the door,” Monty said.  “Cael and I were circling the tower the entire time and we heard you screaming from the very top.  We knew you were getting closer and that something had to be wrong so we threw open the door.”
“Then you three shoot out and skid to a stop, screaming the entire way,” Cael said, smirking.  “Although they were hard to see with the camouflage.”
Flynn bent to pick over one of the crowns.  It must have tumbled out after Shay or Kendall.  “Why did you grab a bunch of them?”
“We weren’t sure which crown to pick,” I said, dusting off the one that Shay had said was mine.  “Plus it was deduced that if my crown gave me more power, giving you all a crown would help you guys out.”
“Brilliant deduction, Watson,” Flynn said.  “Well… gear up, everyone.  We’ve got a castle to take over.”

“The guards around the house haven’t reported any movement.”  That was Blondie speaking.  Her hair was shorter and a little uneven.  A little reminder of being singed on a ship, perhaps?  I would feel bad except, oh yeah, she was trying to kill me.
“Is that unusual?”  The lady pacing back and forth and talking in a snobbish manner must be the queen.
“Very.  Normally at least one of them comes outside to train or check on things.  The boys say it’s hard not to take advantage of their stupidity.”
“I don’t like this.”  That was my hideous trainer.  “I know that worthless whelp.  She’s never not up to something.”
The twelve or so people in the room nodded in thoughtful agreement.  I took that as good a moment as ever to make my entrance.  “Would you look at this?  It looks like the worthless whelp got to the crown,” I stepped out from the servant’s entrance.  “So I guess that means that this is my castle.”
Blondie angrily rushed at me but Flynn blocked her with some power from his spot up in the rafters.  He threw her into my ex-trainer and some other fairy guy that was out to get me.  Flynn jumped down, doing a flip and landing gracefully in an aggressive stance.  My foes, which had been mostly faceless to me up to this point, stared at me angrily.  
I paced slowly back and forth.  “Now I hear that there’s this three day grace period where if the Queen of Whisper, that’s me,” I paused to smile and pat the crown that was situated on top of my head, “dies, Whisper can stretch out and end all the other realms.  Now, not only do I like my realm, but I also like not dying. So…” I clapped my hands together.  The rest of my friends stepped into view.  “Kendall, would you like to tell them what they’ve won?”
“Congratulations.  You’ve won an indefinite stay in the lovely dungeons in the cold, musty, leaky basement of the castle.  Also included in the package are the finest meals I deign to bring you, cots that maybe aren’t carrying the bubonic plague, and rats that definitely are.  And if you’re wondering how the hell we got in this castle, you might want to start treating the servants a little nicer.” 
The livid looks on their faces almost made my day.  But not quite.  Seeing their livid faces behind the bars of the dungeon’s smallest cell, yeah, that did it.  We all went down there to make sure everyone got locked up nice and tight and that there was no way out.  I could hear the rats squeaking.  I went up the rickety wooden stairs first, waiting to the side until Flynn closed and locked the heavy wooden door.  “I feel bad leaving them down there in the pitch black,” I said guiltily.
“Corty, those jackasses would kill you and not break a sweat.  They’ve done much worse to other people.  Leaving them in the dark is pretty mild compared to what I want to do.”
“He’s right, Cort,” Cael agreed.  “Plus we don’t want to give them anything that they can use to get out.”
“Unless we want to make it look like a fair fight when we take them out,” Shayla said.
“Have I ever told you that I like the way you think?” Flynn smacked her on the back.
She winced.  “Nope.  You tell me that I’m stupid a lot.”
“I apologize for that. And uh, Shay, since you are the best cook out of the lot and I don’t want to risk us all getting poisoned, do you want to check out the kitchen?  Cam will go with you to be your back up.”
Shayla rolled her eyes.  “You’re kidding me.”
“It’s either that or hit the books with us.”
Shay’s face lit up with a smile.  “So guys, what do you want for dinner?”
“Why are you putting the best researcher in the kitchen?” Montgomery asked.  “Not your smartest move.”
“Deal with it.”

Two days in the castle had me ready to end this mess.  The whole no hot water thing was a downer as was their lack of indoor plumbing.  Plus I’d spent two thirds of my days scanning through stinky Whisper books.  I’d learned a lot about nothing.  The only thing we’d accomplished was the adding of guests to our dungeon resort.  As the guards came to the castle to check in, the servants would give us a heads up and we’d surprise them.  It was almost boring how easy everything was all of a sudden.
There was a knock on my door.  I looked up and waved at Flynn.  “Making your daily rounds?” I asked snippily.
“Just trying to keep you in line and keep the knowledge coming,” he said briskly.  “Got anything interesting?”
I pursed my lips and looked down at my notebook filled with doodles.  I had written something down somewhere.  “Ummm…” I flipped back a few pages.  Flynn was standing, arms crossed, looking mildly annoyed or amused.  “In Whisper, you are married once you each tie a knot on the other’s person.”
“How is that useful?” Flynn asked dryly.
“You didn’t say useful, you said interesting.”
“I don’t even see how that’s interesting.”
“Well, according to Whisper traditions, I am now married to Shayla, Kendall, Monty, Cam, and Cael.  If I go tie Asher’s shoes, it will be official.”
“I’m done with you.  I’m going to check everyone’s progress.  We’ll meet and discuss in about an hour.”
I dismissively waved my hand.  “I can hardly wait.”
I moseyed down the stairs about ten minutes later, not wanting to sit upstairs by myself anymore.  Monty had her gear spread across the main table that we usually discussed at.  Everything that had been discovered would be hashed out.  Shayla would complain about having to cook.  I’d complain about wanting a shower.  Flynn would complain that we weren’t finding anything useful.   We’d all argue and he’d banish us all to separate rooms of the castle so that we would have to work.  I looked down at my notebook.  Daisies and butterflies.  Yep, his method was working.
“Hey, Cort,” Monty greeted me.  “Does Flynn know you’re down here?”
“He just came and checked my work,” I rolled my eyes.  “I needed human interaction so I came down here.”
She tossed her pencil down and slammed her book shut.  “I am so sick of reading.  Have you noticed that everyone in Whisper has horrible handwriting?”
“I have noticed that.  My books have mold growing in them.”
“Maybe that’s what this is.”  Monty flipped open a page and peered at the odd brown stain.  I had a look of disgust on my face.  She mirrored it.  “Or maybe not.”
“Psst…”  Monty and I looked up.  Shayla was peering down from a few levels above us.  “Is it clear down there?”
“Yes,” we called back.
“Oh, thank god.”
A few minutes later Shayla’s stuff was on the table.  “If I have to read one more book or cook one more meal, I’m going to go nutso and kill us all.”
Monty spread her palms on the table and stared Shay down.  “Do it.  Put me out of this misery.”
“Look at this,” Shay slid her book across the table.  “Look at that handwriting.”
“Look at this mysterious stain.”  Monty held her book up.
“I just have mold.”
Shayla put her head down on the table.  “I thought this was going to be action packed and interesting.  This is torture.  Boring torture.”
“Why does Flynn separate us?” Monty asked, tapping her pencil on her notebook.  “This would be more bearable if I could talk to someone without it having to be of mass importance.”
“Maybe it’s because when we’re all together no work gets done because of the chitchat,” Kendall breezed into the room.
I stuck my tongue out at her.  “Maybe if I wasn’t forced to store up all my chitchat I wouldn’t be so talkative.”
“Look, I just came down here because one of you has the second part to the book I started reading.  This one seemed to know something.”
“Which book?” I asked.  
Kendall didn’t reply, she just grabbed a book and flipped it open.  She intently started reading, scribbling down some notes.  The rest of us just stared at her.  “She’s making us look bad,” Shayla muttered, grabbing her book.  I rolled my eyes and pulled my book towards me.  Monty did the same.
“My, my, this is the most I’ve seen three of you work this entire time,” came Flynn’s voice from behind us.
Monty and I simply flipped him off and continued reading.  Shayla put her book down and narrowed her eyes at him.  “Excuse me?”
“I forgot.  You cook.  This is the most I’ve seen two of you work.”  Monty and I flipped him off again.
Cam, Asher, and Cael filed in next, taking their usual spots at the table.  I closed my book, not that there was anything in there that would distract me, and patiently waited for Flynn to start talking.  “Ok, team, so far we have nothing to report.”
I cleared my throat indignantly.  Flynn sighed.  “Cortland would like to report that she is married to Shay, Kendall, Monty, Cael, and Cam by Whisper standards.”
“Hey, Ash, your shoe is untied let me fix that.”  Ash propped his foot on the table.  
“It’s not…” I untied it with one pull of a lace.  
I tied it with a flourish.  “I have now added another to my list.”
“Congratulations, Polygamous Polly.  If you could come up with something useful for a change, that’d be peachy.”
“You said interesting,” I muttered, pushing my notebook back.
Flynn turned his attention, or wrath, towards Kendall.  “Kendall, it would be great if you would pay attention.”
I snickered when she didn’t even look up.  “What is so interesting?”  Monty asked, peeking over her shoulder.
Kendall scribbled one last sentence.  Then she crossed her arms and leaned back, looking like the cat that ate the canary.  “I just cracked the mystery.”
“Well, spill,” Flynn said, taking a seat.  This was the first time I’d seen him sit since we’d gotten here.  Flynn needed to learn to relax.
“It has something to do with a meteor shower that only comes around every thousand years or whatever.  That I don’t really care about.  There’s this portal that opens with some giant evil.  If the giant evil gets the Queen before the whatever is done, Whisper will expand and destroy all the other realms.  The big bad is in control.”
“How do we beat the big bad?” Cael asked.  “Say nothing,” he silenced Ash and Cam with a look.
“That’s what she said,” Shay and I whispered.  Then we faced the stony faced Cael and Flynn with completely serious looks on our faces.  
“If the blood of a complete innocent, meaning someone who is not the Queen, someone who doesn’t even have Whisper powers, the bad guy gets destroyed.  The kicker is anyone who’s been fraternizing with him gets taken out too.”
“So where do we need to go to spill some innocent blood?” I asked.
“Only the people in on the plan get the location revealed to them.  Otherwise in another thousand years or whatever, it’ll happen again.”
“Where did you find this all out?” Flynn asked.  “Is this source reliable?”
“From the Queen a thousand years ago.  Someone tried to get her.  Her Guardian locked her in a room for the remainder of the three days.”
“Good plan,” Cael got to his feet.
“Sit down,” I ordered.  “I am not getting locked up into some room and let this pass me by.  I want to stop it.  What if the Queen in a thousand years isn’t strong enough to overcome it?  The destruction of the world would be on us.”
“You just have to have a conscience,” Kendall sighed.  “Who do we know that will be keen to come to another realm and get their hand sliced for the good of mankind?”
“No one,” Shayla answered.
“I have a better idea,” Flynn spoke up.  “We don’t know where this portal containing the big bad is, correct?”  We all nodded.  “So we need to have one of the attempted assassins lead us there.”
“Get to the point,” Cael said.  “Because I don’t think I’m going to like it.”
“They’re going to be after Cortland.  If we let them out, they will take her to the big bad.”
“Which is a bad thing,” Shay said slowly.
“No.  If Cortland has turned over her powers and we follow, Cortland slices herself, spilling the blood of an innocent.  In case it’s not instantaneous, we will have followed, ready to kick butt and take names.  Problem solved.”
“Problem not solved,” Cael said, voice starting to rise.  “If she doesn’t have powers she can’t defend or heal herself.”
“They’re not going to hurt me because I have to be alive.  And a little slice on my hand is better than being eaten by the big bad.”
“You’re not considering this, are you?” he asked incredulously.
“Of course I’m considering it,” I said, sitting up straight in my chair.  “It’s the only way we have to end this.”
“Or we let it go. In a thousand years, we’re not going to be here.  What do we care?”
“I care because hopefully my great-great-however many more great-grandkids will be roaming the earth.  This is bigger than me, than you, than all of us.  I have to do it.”
“No, you don’t.  I could take you far away from here and we pretend that we’ve never heard of Whisper.  We could get married, buy a house, and have ten kids if that’s what you want.”
Our friends were just staring at us, eyes wide.  “You would do all that, just to keep me safe?”
“Yes!”
“Ooh, wrong answer,” Shay said from beside me.  She leaned back in her chair and started twirling her hair, staring at Cael and me intently.
“How is that the wrong answer?” Cam asked her.  Cael and I were rolling our eyes and glaring at each other.
“Because I know my best friend.  And the answer to that question was no, I want to do all of that because I love you.”  She put emphasis on love, adding some gestures to really get the point across.
I agreed.  Shayla really can read my mind.  Flynn cleared his throat.  “This will work.”
“How do you know?  The last time you looked into it, the Whisper goons never touched her and she and I were perfectly happy.”
My jaw dropped.  “You had him See for you?”
“That’s what he does.”
“For good causes.  Not probing into the future of his sister and his best friend.  You cheated.”
“How is that cheating?”
“We’re not supposed to know what happens.  We’re supposed to just live it.  You just had him See because you were unsure how this was going to work out and you wanted to save yourself time and trouble so you had him see how we would work out.”
“I wanted to save you some heartbreak if I could.”
“By taking away the moments?”
“Moments?”  Cael looked and sounded totally confused.
“If you watched TV you would know this.  Charmed.  Season six?”  Shayla looked at me.  I ignored her.  I didn’t need her backup at the moment.  Plus I had no idea what season it was from.  Twelve? How many seasons was that show anyway?
“Yeah, moments.  The moments where you look at everything and you think gee, I am really lucky.  Gee, this sunset is so beautiful.  Gee, I love this girl more than anything.”
“Gee, I do love this girl more than anything,” Cael pushed back his chair and got to his feet.  “That’s why I’m stopping you from doing something that hasn’t been thought through.”
“There could be a better way,” Asher said quietly from his side.
“But nothing that we could find in this short window of time.  They’ve been trying to get me forever.  This three day time period has got to be soon.”
“Please don’t do this,” Cael said.  “I don’t want to lose you.”
“You’re not going to lose me.  I trust all of you to not let me get hurt.  So trust me to be able to do my job.”
“I do trust you-“
“Then stop arguing.”
“I’m not arguing-“
“Good.  Kendall, how do I transfer my powers?”
“Well, you are the Queen.  The formal way involves signing something and making it official but that won’t give away your powers.”
“You need to slice your hand and hold hands with someone else who has a slice and your blood will carry it over.”  Shayla proved once again that her book knowledge was a lifesaver.
“Cort, don’t do it.  You’re going to regret this.”
“Don’t tell me what I’m going to regret,” I snapped at Cael, finally losing my patience.  “I won’t regret any of this.  At the moment I do regret ever falling in love with you.”
Cael sat back down, stunned.  “Yeah, I said it.  And I meant it.  I’m not just blowing smoke to get you to do what I want.”
“I wasn’t blowing smoke.  Holy shit, Cortland, I want to marry you.”
As touching as that proposal was, I coldly sliced my hand.  Kendall was already slicing hers.  Good.  I knew if something did happen to me that Kendall could take care of herself and everyone else.  She was strong, she could handle this.  Probably better than me.  “When hell freezes over,” I said to Cael as Kendall and I clasped hands over the table. 
There was this spark that ran down my arm and went into Kendall’s hand.  I didn’t feel any different.  Wait.  Pain.  In my hand.  And it wasn’t going away.  “What’s next?”  I asked Flynn, not betraying that my hand was on fire.
“I’ll set it up.”
“Thank you,” I said primly.  “Now if we’re done here, I’m going to my room.”
I pushed away from the table and calmly walked out the door.  Everyone else was too shocked to follow.  Thank god. “Ow,” I hissed, looking at my hand.  It hurt, so bad.  “Goddamnit.”  Never in my life have I wanted that hideous blue butterfly wing tattoo on my wrist so badly.
“Aw.  Princess got an ouchy?”  I stiffened.  Now when Flynn said he would set it up I didn’t think he’d set it up this fast.
“Yeah, the Queen,” I stressed that word, “has a giant, blonde pain in her ass.  Do you know a way I could get rid of that?”
“Let me give it a try.”  I couldn’t get a fix on her location.  But it wasn’t part of the plan for me to get away anyway so… there was this pain in the back of my head and it all went black.  The last thing I heard was Blondie laughing.
-Chapter 9-


  The next time my eyes opened I was lying in a patch of dirt, flinching at the sun.  I had a killer headache.  I stirred a little.  Great, I was tied up.  This totally sucked.  “Look who’s awake.”  I cried out but it was stifled by the gag, as she yanked me to my feet.  I hated her so much right now.  “It looks like we can go on with the ceremony.”
She ripped the gag out of my mouth.  “Glad to be here.  Thanks for the warm reception,” I rasped.  My mouth was a little dry.  
“Don’t get used to it.  Things are going to be a little less warm where you’re going.”
“Impossible,” I said dryly.  I was turned around and saw that the whole Kill-Cortland-Gang was here.  My trainer smirked and held up a dress.  “That’s not really my style, so I hope that’s for you,” I said to Blondie.
“We all decided that presentation was everything.  And with the way you dress, we knew you weren’t going to be fit for a sacrifice.  This dress has just been sitting here, waiting.”
“First of all, I can’t get dressed with my hands tied behind my back.  Secondly, in the future, when you’re going to be dressing your sacrifice maybe you should offer options.”
Blondie sliced the rope and kindly left me with both of my hands.  She shoved me towards the dress.  “There’s a curtain over there.  Get changed and don’t try anything.  You’ll regret it if you do.”
I shot her a look that screamed that I would love to dance on her grave and grabbed the dress.  “Thank you, so much.”
I wriggled out of my jeans and tank and into the dress behind a curtain, surrounded by bushes.  This was horrible.  This dress was pure white and rustled with every movement.  There was a second layer that was sheer, but in parts had sparkly lace.  It made the dress look like it was shimmering and like I had random areas of skin that glittered.
I stepped back into view, and it finally hit me.  I had no powers, no weapons, and I wasn’t even in my own clothes.  I didn’t even know if my friends had been able to follow.  What if these idiots had hurt them?  Holy shit, how was I supposed to spill my own blood before being eaten by a big bad?  Just the fact that Cael was right had me pissed off.
Everyone looked me over.  “Well, she’s not gorgeous but she’ll have to do,” the old queen said.  “As long as it’s not me going into that well, I don’t care how horrible she makes my best dress appear.”
“What well?” I asked.
Blondie looked over her shoulder at the very obvious stone structure that went about a well.  “Oh.  That one.”  I wriggled my bare feet and scuffed them in the dirt, embarrassed.
“See that cage, that’s for you.  The nasty dark water at the bottom of the wall, that’s yours too.  We’re not sure how long you’ll have to sit down there before the darkness comes for you.”
“Lucky me.”  
I was then shoved into a large wooden crate which was closed and locked once I stepped in.  “Please lower me down with care,” I requested as it was hoisted over the well.
“Yeah, sure.”  And then I was just dropped into the well, jerking to a stop when it hit the end of the rope.  
The sudden stop had me sprawled out on the bottom of the crate, a little sore after hitting pretty much every side of the thing.  I slowly got to my feet, wincing.  No blood.  It sure would be nice to get this over with right from the start.  But that was a no-go.  
I tried to look down to see this nasty water but I couldn’t see past that piece of tulle dress.  After this whole experience I was never going to wear a dress involving tulle.  I tried to move it out of the way but there was no way.  The dress practically took up three fourths of this cage.  I craned my neck and looked up.  The sunshine was a distant speck way up there.  Fat lot of good that did me.  I’d need to get out of here first to even think about climbing up there.  
I maneuvered around and managed to peer down.  There was a lot of dark water under me.  It looked super creepy, like there were skeletons or, I don’t know, a big bad lurking in it.  Think, Cortland, think.   You need to spill some blood and get out of here.
I decided that I might as well kill two birds with one stone and try to hurt myself while breaking myself out.  I started out by pounding on the wooden slats with my hands but that really did nothing except scrape my hands.  There wasn’t enough blood involved.  Okay.  Next plan.  
I started slamming my shoulder against the slats but that pretty much did nothing.  “Damnit,” I swore, looking up again.  I listened.  Did I hear fighting?  No. Wait.  Yep.  Only Flynn could cause a scream that outraged and pissed off.  I needed to hurry up and get the blood spilled before one of them got hurt.  
I looked down again.  Was the water getting higher?  Maybe it was my imagination.  Nope.  It was definitely getting higher, inch by inch.  Maybe it was just me, but I don’t think I wanted that water to touch me.  
As the water continued to rise, I looked at my options.  There was really nothing.  I clenched my hands with frustration and sucked in a breath.  Ouch.  I looked down at the cut.  It hadn’t even started to heal.  It had been bleeding a ton when Blondie snatched me.  I could get it to drip into that water.  I flinched just thinking about what I was going to have to do.  This was going to hurt.
I started hitting my hand against the wooden slats.  I hit it as hard as I could, over and over.  I glanced through the cracks in the crate again and gave myself permission to panic.  The water, already murky and dark, appeared to be growing darker as it rose towards me.  That was probably big bad forming, preparing to eat me and my ugly dress.
I decided that the most important thing at the moment was to get out of this crate.  I had no chance if I was stuck in a little box.  My pounding on the crate hadn’t done anything so I needed to try something else.  I tried testing the weakness of the bottom, but that was a big zippo.  I started ramming one of the slats with my shoulder, harder and harder.  The only thing I accomplished was throwing my shoulder out of its socket.  Now that hurt.
Clenching my teeth together I took it to the next level.  I threw my weight to one side of the crate, then to the other.  The crate began swinging.  I kept it up.  Soon it was almost crashing into the rims of the well.  I just needed a little more.  I threw myself to one side as hard as I could and the crate finally made contact with the stone.  The top corner started to crack.  So close.  I threw my weight against the other side but was a little off.  It didn’t hit the other side.  I caught myself and got my weight to the other side.  This time there was major splintering.
I reached up and started pounding at it with my fists.  Pieces of the wood were splitting off, falling into the water.  I didn’t waste time looking down, knowing that the water was too close for comfort.  There were numerous scrapes and cuts on my hands from the splinters but I wanted to get out before stopping to drip the blood in the water.  There was finally a hole in the crate that I thought I could wriggle through.  It took some maneuvering but I finally managed to grip the top of the crate and start hoisting myself out.  I cried out because my shoulder hurt like a bitch and I felt a sharp splinter slice the back of my thigh.  I ignored it and pulled myself up half on the crate, my legs hanging over the edge.
I got to my feet and stood carefully, not wanting to fall off and plummet into the water.  The only thing left for me to do was start pulling myself up the rope.
From above me I could hear the sounds of an epic fight.  That gave me heart.  At least one of my friends was up there, giving them what-for.  The gurgling, growling sounds from below me made me want to climb a little faster.  Unfortunately with one good arm, and ironically that one was the one with the cut hand, I was climbing a little slow.  I could feel the warm blood running down the back of my leg, down my arm.  My hand was really opened now.  In one corner of my mind I was keeping track of it, wanting to know when it was going to drip into that water.
I paused maybe halfway up the rope.  I think I was going to give up.  I knew I wasn’t going to beat that water.  I was hurting and looking up, that bright light at the top just seemed too far away.  It was best to stay down here in the dark and defeat my demons.
I hung onto the rope and looked down.  The water was rising so fast.  The darkness seemed to all be writhing in the middle.  It seemed alive.  I couldn’t even see the crate anymore.  I clenched my teeth together.  “Okay, bastard,” I said.  “Come and get me.”
I wasn’t going any farther, nor was I going to give ground.  I just hung there, waiting to feel the water reach me.  I glanced up one last time.  Damn, Cael had been right.   I was regretting this.
I looked down as the water reached my bare feet.  It felt cold, but not as cold as the water in that fricking lake thing.  I watched as it swirled up my legs.  It was starting to hurt.  Whatever.  Give it your best shot, big bad.
The water rose up, past my waist, past my chest.  As it reached my chin, I looked up and smiled.  If there was anything worth dying for, it was the group up there.
The water closed in over my face, blurring out the light at the end of the tunnel.  I blinked a few times and unknowingly let go of the rope, just drifting.  I felt something grab me.  Big bad, perhaps?  I felt a sharp pain in my stomach and then I saw a flash of red.  Then everything faded to black.

“Cortland?  Oh jesus, Cortland, please open your eyes.  Baby, just open your eyes for me.”
I don’t want to, I replied in my mind.  It’s so much nicer in the dark.  “Goddamnit, don’t you give up on me.  Breathe.”
There was this pressure on my chest.  It wouldn’t go away.  Then air was rushing into my lungs.  More pressure.  Why were they doing this to me?  Didn’t they know that I’d chosen this?
“Cortland… Don’t do this to me.  I love you.  Do you hear me?  I love you.”  Who the hell?  Oh, Cael.  My, my, he wasn’t gloating that he’d been right.  There was something wrong with this picture.  
The pressure just wasn’t going away.  Damn, someone was persistent.  I was mildly annoyed.  I think it was that little emotion, that little connection that had me rolling to my side and coughing up water.  
“Oh, finally,” Flynn sighed, falling back.  “Giving you CPR was a little bit of a pain in the ass.”
I held up a finger, a signal that I’d get to him in a minute, as I dry retched, my lungs and stomach attempting to get the water out.  “D-bag,” I managed.
“That’s no way to thank one of the duo who brought your ass back to life,” he retorted.
“The lucky one to give you mouth to mouth was Cael,” Ash said.  “We figured that would leave you less scarred for life than if someone else did it.”
I settled back on the ground.  “Warn a girl next time before you set the assassins on her.”  I winced as my shoulder twinged.
“We didn’t,” they chorused.
Shayla knelt next to me, patting my arm.  “It seems that someone wasn’t keeping track of the forks that we were feeding them with.  Your favorite blonde assassin somehow managed to break their way out of their cell with one that she warped with her magic.  They all ditched except for her and her Guardian.  They snatched you.”
Flynn went still, reminding me of a hunting dog, sensing something.  “Do you feel that?”
Cael and Kendall mirrored him.  “Whatever it is, I don’t think it’s good.” Kendall took a step away from the group.
Cael looked up at Flynn, panic written all over his face.  “I think the portals are closing.”
“Was that supposed to happen?” I asked from my position, helpless on the ground.
“Questions later,” Flynn said quickly.  “Escape now.”
Seconds later I was alone on the ground, everyone else having forgotten that I was powerless.   I sighed and rolled my eyes, mentally counting the seconds that I was abandoned.  I tilted my head and looked over towards the well.  And the bodies.  They did not look pretty.  Having evil leave your soul must be taxing.  
I looked back up and Flynn was kneeling down, looking apologetic and sheepish.  “You forgot me,” I said, grabbing his hand.  
“I will never forget you.”
I rolled my eyes.  “Starting now,” he added with a grin.  “I promise.”
Then I found myself sprawled out on my living room floor.  “You all suck,” I accused.
“We kind of forgot that you weren’t up to your normalness,” Monty said.  “Which reminds me, knowing you you’re hurt.  Who’s got the medical supplies?”
“I might as well just carry them around in my purse,” I said to the room.  “Can someone tell me what happened?”
“Let’s get you fixed up first.”
“Define fixed up.”
“We’re going to get you your powers back so you can heal your hand, the wound on your stomach where I’m guessing the darkness got you, and your shoulder.  But first…”
I closed my eyes.  “I don’t think I’m going to like this.”
“We need to get your shoulder back in place before you start healing or it won’t set properly.”
Unbeknownst to me, Cael had been moving into position.  Everyone else was moving off of the couch.  Cael pushed me over, making me lie on my stomach on the couch, my dislocated arm hanging off the couch.   Flynn grabbed above my elbow and my wrist.  “Relax your muscles.”
“What are you doing?”
“Relax!”
I did my best, but it’s kind of difficult when you can’t breathe and it feels like you’re being assaulted.  Flynn started pulling down on my arm.  I bit my lip to keep the cry of pain inward.  There was a pop and it felt better.  Cael released me and helped me sit up.  I was cradling my arm to my chest, trying to ignore the dull ache.  
“Kendall,” Flynn beckoned her forward.
Kendall stepped up and sliced her hand.  “I don’t want to slice myself again,” I whined.  
“Okay.”  Kendall’s hand darted out and there was a stinging pain on my hand.  She quickly grasped my hand tightly.
I felt the spark of power enter my blood again.  It was an awesome head rush.  The healing started almost instantaneously.  The cuts on my hands disappeared.  The pain in my side went away.  And the ache of my shoulder was a dull memory.  I sighed happily and leaned back.  “Much better.”
Cael tried to put his arm around my shoulder.  “I’m still mad at you,” I said, shoving him off the couch.
“Are you feeling a lot better?” Shayla asked.
“Yes.”  I should not have answered that.
She jumped in my lap and gave me the tightest hug I’ve ever been a part of.  “I was so, so, so, so, so worried about you.  They escaped before we could even plan anything.  Flynn had to See where they were taking you and it almost killed him.  Then we got there and we were kicking butt and we couldn’t see you and then BAM, they’re all spontaneously combusting.  Then Monty noticed the well…”
“Whoa, slow down tiger,” I laughed, trying to get her off of me.  “I can’t breathe.”
“Let someone who breathes between sentences explain,” Flynn said, settling on the recliner.  He looked exhausted.  Seeing had taken a lot out of him, I could see it.  “Kendall, you’re up.”
“I’m so flattered,” she said sarcastically.  “After you gave me your powers and stormed from the room, Flynn and I went downstairs to check on our friendly prisoners and to put into action whatever brilliant plan he had.  Somehow Blondie or her Guardian had made a key out of a bunch of melted forks.  They were just waiting for their perfect moment.  Then-“
“Kendall and I go racing up the steps and head for your room.  You, of course, were nowhere to be found.  Everyone else got drawn in by our yelling and none of them had seen you.  Cael, between his panic attacks, and Cam spread out and tried to get some sign of them but there was nothing.”
“So Flynn goes into Seer mode.  We’re all watching him and ignoring Cael’s panicking-“
“I was not panicking hard core like you keep insinuating,” Cael spoke up.
“I do believe I was given permission to tell the story,” Kendall spoke up.  “Anybody else want to interrupt?”
“Please continue,” Monty said, hiding her smile.
“Where was I?  Right.  Cael is panicking and Flynn is in this trance.  Then all of a sudden his eyes roll back in his head and he keels over and this little trickle of blood starts coming out of his nose.  I, always calm under pressure, smacked him back to consciousness.   He sits up and starts describing this place.  Shayla-“
“The queen of all things research related,” Shay interjected.  She stared Kendall right in the eyes.
Kendall rolled her gorgeous brown eyes.  “Shayla, the resident nerd, jumped up and grabbed the book she’d been reading about all the wondrous places in Whisper and flipped to this page.  Something about white cliffs and a stream.  I wasn’t paying attention to the details.  It handily included a map.”
“So we all get there and all the bad guys are sitting there, already celebrating their victory.  The butt kicking ensues and then they start like, melting before our very eyes.  Then they’re dead on the ground and we’re standing there, looking confused but victorious.  Cael, in insta-panic mode, starts calling your name.  There is no flipping sign of you.”
“Then I, the heroine of this story, spotted the well with the ropes dangling down it,” Monty spoke up proudly.  
Kendall sighed dramatically.  “So Cael and Flynn fly to action and start pulling up the rope.  The well is like three fourths full of this icky, black water and we’re all panicking because there’s no sign of you.  Then the top of this box comes out of the water and you’re all sprawled out on it in that hideous dress…” Kendall stared at the dress in question.
I self-consciously smoothed it down.  “It was the Queen’s best dress.”
“Sure.  Cael hauls you out and you’re not breathing.  Cael pulls it together for once and starts giving you CPR.  He pauses to give you mouth to mouth and Flynn unfreezes and starts the CPR.  It seemed like forever and then you were coughing up water and looking at us with those pretty eyes.”  Kendall paused in her story telling to throw her arms around me.  “I realized then that I would have really missed you.”
I hugged her back.  “I see how it is,” Shayla huffed.  “She gets hugged back but I get some lame excuse before getting shoved off.”
I held open one arm and motioned for Shayla to get over here.  She slowly made her way over.  I grabbed her and hugged her and Kendall tightly.  Monty jumped in to get her piece of affection.  “Group hugs are not my thing,” I heard Flynn say.
“I think it’s a girl thing,” I heard Cam reply.  
The group hug broke apart and Flynn looked at me.  “So what happened to you?”
“They dressed me and put me down a well.  The water got me and then the darkness got me.”  I gestured at the tear in the white dress on the side of my stomach.  “Blood of the innocent.  The end.”
“Really?  Because it looked like someone had broken out of the wooden cage, probably using their hands,” Cael said.  
I glared at him.  “I don’t want to talk about it, thank you.”  We all knew that I didn’t really mean thank you.  “I’m going to go up to my room and change out of this dress,” I said, getting to my feet.  “Then I’m probably going to take a nap.”
“Why a nap?” Ash asked.  “You’re still on Whisper time.  It was light there, meaning its dark here.”
“That explains why I’m exhausted.”  
I plodded through my house, relishing the fact that I was back in this familiar place.  It was over.  Everyone could come home.  The white dress trailed behind me as I practically pulled myself up the steps.   “Room sweet room,” I sighed, stepping into my bedroom.  I closed the door behind me.  
I grabbed my old cheerleading shorts and a sports bra, wanting to shower and get the evil water off of me.  The stupid dress took up the entire bathroom.  I wriggled out of it and stepped over it.  I took a hot shower to rinse off the remains of the smelly death water and stepped out.  I got dressed and grabbed my brush.
I didn’t consider it sneaking but that’s basically what I did as I crept to my bedroom and quietly closed the door after me.  I didn’t want anyone probing over those brief panic-filled moments in the well, me struggling to get out.  I calmly stood in front of my mirror and brushed my hair, over and over.  When I was little I used to brush it, a hundred strokes every night.  That had been back before that scar, and that one, oh, and that one too.  I unknowingly stopped brushing my hair, looking at the new scar on my abdomen.  Just another gash for my collection. 
I was so lost in thought that I didn’t notice Cael slip in to the room.  He stayed back in the shadows, studying me seriously.  “What are you thinking about so seriously?” he asked, taking a step towards me.
“If this is the final scar that means I can no longer wear a bikini,” I lied easily.  I briskly started brushing my hair once more.  
“I think you still look beautiful.”
“Flattery will get you nowhere,” I said, turning to face him, brandishing my hairbrush like a sword.  “I am still so angry at you.”
“I don’t understand why you’re so mad at me,” he said.  “I just wanted to protect you.”
“I don’t need you to protect me,” I burst out, throwing the brush at him.  He dodged it, probably expecting that to happen.  “I just needed someone to care.”
“How else do you want me to show I care?” he demanded.  “I saved you in a parking lot.  I helped you train and kept you positive.  I held you when you were so frozen after that lake incident, where it almost killed me to leave you behind.  Oh yeah, I helped formulate the plan to save you that time.  Then, when you almost get blown up, who was the first person out that door?”
“You,” I answered grudgingly.  
“Damn right I was.  Then I pulled you out of a goddamn well.  So, if there’s one thing you cannot accuse me of, it would be not caring about you.”  He picked up my brush and tossed it at me.  I used my super-fast reflexes to catch it before it broke my mirror.  I didn’t need seven years of bad luck when I’d just gotten rid of the last batch.
“He said as he chucked a brush at her head,” I narrated.  “Way to show you care.”
“Sometimes I just want to strangle you.”
“Go for it.  I missed out on the last fight so I’ve got a lot of pent up rage.”
“Why won’t you let this go?”
“Like I said before, when hell freezes over.”  It was my turn to throw the brush at him. While he was distracted at that I dodged out the door, shutting it behind me.  There was a loud crack.  He’d thrown the brush after me.  “Real mature,” I muttered, stomping down the stairs.
Since I was no longer worried about assassins I ignored Flynn’s asking what I was doing and went outside.  Tonight was past a simple calm down session on the porch swing. 
The cool grass tickled my bare feet as I headed for the picnic table.  I stretched out on it, hands clasped on my stomach, staring up at the stars.  Stupid Cael.  Why didn’t he understand why I was mad?  First he called me a girl, then he asked my brother where we were headed, then he proposed.  If one could call that a proposal.  I called it an insult to my intelligence.
I didn’t even turn my head when I heard the footsteps approaching.  Flynn awkwardly settled next to me.  It’s a good thing I don’t take up much room.  “Want to tell me what’s wrong?” he asked.
“I would have figured that you would have gone after Shayla or Kendall,” I said, trying to avoid his question.
“I thought about it.  But you’re not going to get away with not answering the question.  What’s wrong?”  He poked me in the side.  
“Stop poking me,” I said peevishly, slapping his hand away.  
“I would have figured that you would be dancing all over the place,” he said, clasping his hands over his stomach.  “Not pouting on the picnic table.”
“I’m not pouting.  I’m stargazing.”
“While pouting.”
“I am now recovered and am fully capable of kicking your ass.  I am not pouting.  I am thinking.”
“About?”
“Lots of stuff.”
“He really loves you.  I’ve never seen him like this.  He asked because he cares.  And I looked because I care.  And I didn’t tell him much, because I care.”
“What did you See?”  I was curious, so sue me.
“That this whole thing ended well.  The two of you end up together.  I saw a little girl, with dark red curly hair, running around.  She had Cael wrapped around her finger.   Your little girl came running to me.”  I looked at him from the corner of my eye.  He was smiling.  “I picked her up and tossed her up in the air and she was laughing and calling me Uncle Flynn. But I only told him the ok part and that you had a little girl at the time I was Seeing.”
I caught his stress on the word you.  “You never told him that he and I ended up together.  You just told him that I was happy.”
“Duh.  I wasn’t going to ruin all the in between moments.”
I punched him in the stomach.  “Thanks Flynn.”
He punched my arm.  “You are welcome, Corty.”
He slid off the picnic table and started back to the house.  “Flynn,” I called after him.
He paused in midstep.  “I’m glad you’re my brother.  I love you.”
“Love you too,” he said.  “Now go un-break my best friend’s heart.  I don’t want to have to choose whose knees to break if this all goes south.”
I stayed on the table, trying to spot the Big Dipper.  I knew where the Big Idiot was.  Right here.  I sighed.  I needed to go apologize.  I wouldn’t blame Cael if he refused to hear me out.  If he threw another brush, I wouldn’t duck because I deserved it.  
I sat up and mentally started preparing myself.   What to say?  What should I do?  How did my hair look?  I patted it and grimaced.  It’s a good thing I always have a ponytail holder on my person.  
I let myself back into the house and locked the door behind me.  “Night sis,” Flynn whispered.
“Night,” I whispered back.
I dragged my feet going up the stairs.  I briefly debated stopping by and getting Shayla’s opinion but decided not to.  This was my mess.  
My bedroom door was still shut.  What were the odds that he’d laid some sort of trap as revenge?  Well, he was more mature than I was.  That didn’t stop me from flinching in anticipation as I pushed the door open.  
I stepped in without getting hurt so that was a plus.  Cael was lying on top of the covers, reading a book.  As long as it wasn’t my diary again, I was okay with that.  I stood there awkwardly for a second, twisting my hands nervously.  “I was almost back to my room when Blondie popped up behind me and taunted me as per usual and before I could move, she knocked me out.”  Cael said nothing, flipping another page.
I took a step closer.  “I wake up, bound and gagged and Blondie makes sure to rub it in my face that I was going to lose.  Then I got to change into the dress that they’d had waiting for me this entire time.  I was changing behind the curtain when I realized that you were right about this maybe not working.  I didn’t know if you were all okay or if you’d been able to follow.  I got insulted some more and then loaded into a giant crate and then got dumped down a well.”
Cael turned another page.  I took another step forward, then another.  He nonchalantly flipped to another page.  “After some minor whiplash, I find myself at the bottom of a well in an ugly dress.  All I know is that some big bad is going to try to eat me.  I can’t see past the dress to see the water below me but somehow I manage.  The water is all dark and murky and I can see something even darker starting to form.”
I was next to the bed now and Cael still hadn’t looked up.  It’s my bed so I sat down on the edge.  “I try to break the wooden slats with my hands but it’s not really working.  I tried to ram through it with my shoulder and we all know how that ended up.  The water is rising, ever so slowly, but it’s getting closer to me and I know that I don’t want it touching me.  So I start using my weight to swing it towards the well wall and it took me awhile but finally I had it cracked enough that I could break through with my hands.”
I paused to stare down at my hands.  There was no sign of the splinters that had pierced them.  I listened closely but there wasn’t the sound of a page turning.  “I manage to pull myself out and up, but I got caught on a huge splinter and I cut the back of my thigh.  But now I’m standing on top and for the first time I can hear fighting from up above.  I knew that you guys were there, trying to save me.  All I had to do was one simple thing.”
There it was, a page turn.  “You do know that you’re holding the book upside down?  So I start climbing up this rope, and in the back of my mind I’m keeping track of the blood trickling down my arm and my leg.  I so desperately want a drop to fall in the water and end this all now.”  I heard Cael put the book down.  “I get halfway up the rope and I stop.  I’ll deny this later, but I think I was going to give up.  I looked up and the sun at the top just seems so far away.  I realized that I’d been running from it and that I couldn’t do that.   So I just hung there and waited.”  I got goose bumps from remembering the feeling of the water as it rose.  “Then the water is over me and I feel something sharp on my stomach and then it’s all just black.  But I do remember thinking that you were right that I was going to regret it.  I regretted it so much, hanging on a rope by myself, waiting for the water to go over me.”
Cael said nothing but I sensed him straighten and sit up.  “Then I remember wishing you would just let me go.  But you didn’t.  All I could hear was you.  Then I’m coughing up water, and then I’m here.  That pretty much covers all of the high points.  So here I sit, with a few more scars and a lot more experience and knowledge.”  He said nothing.  I bit back the sigh.  This was exactly what I deserved.  “So,” I willed the tears out of my voice.  “I’ll just leave now.”
I straightened my spine and got to my feet.  I was halfway across the room when Cael spoke up.  “Cortland.”
I spun around, heart beating fast, trying to contain my joy.  “You’ve had a rough time and it’s your room.  You stay here, I’ll go crash in the living room.”
My feet were frozen to the floor as Cael went past me, not even looking at me.  I had no idea what else I could do.  I stretched out on my side on my bed and stared at the door, willing it to open.  Somewhere along the line I drifted to sleep, in spite of the light still being on.  That’s what happens when you fight off evil in a well.
When I woke up the next morning, the light had been turned off and someone had settled a light blanket over me.  Someone sneaky, because I’m a light sleeper.  It didn’t matter, I told myself.  It doesn’t matter who took care of you, it’s the fact that someone did.
I pulled on a t-shirt, leaving the room without checking out my appearance in the mirror.  I’m sure it was delightful.  I just didn’t feel like taking the time to make myself look presentable.
Judging by the silence in the house, I was the only person awake.  Goodie.  That meant I had time on my hands.  I didn’t want that time.  I wanted to keep busy.  It looked like I was going to fix chocolate chip pancakes.
I hunted down the ingredients, trying to be as quiet as possible because I didn’t want to wake Flynn or Cael.  Definitely not Cael.   Eventually the smell of coffee brewing and pancakes on the stove would waft through the house and someone’s appetite would wake them up.  And voile, instant distraction.
I glanced out the window.  “Lovely,” I muttered, taking in the pouring rain and the gloomy, grey sky.  I continued to stir, absentmindedly humming a song.  
I poured a perfect circle in the center of the pan, using the ladle to spread out a clump of chocolate chips.  I was a little startled when someone planted a kiss on my cheek.  “Good morning, Asher,” I laughed.  
“Have I told you lately that I love you?” he said, breathing in deeply.  “Chocolate chip pancakes… you are my favorite.”
“Hey,” Shayla said defensively as she breezed in, looking bright eyed and gorgeous.  “I thought I was your favorite.”
“You’re both my favorite,” he said, taking out some plates.  “Help set the table.”
I glanced at Shayla over my shoulder, stirring up the mix some more.  “Your hair is straightened.  What’s the occasion?”
“I just felt like it,” she said.  “How did you sleep?”
“I was out like a light,” I said.  “Did you come in and check on me?  Or Monty or Kendall came in maybe?”
“Nope,” Shayla shook her head.  “None of us did.  Why?”
“No reason,” I said easily, adding another pancake to the stack.  “Just curious, I guess.”
Kendall stumbled in next, obviously fresh from slumber.  Her straight hair was mussed, her eyes still looking sleepy.  “Bless whoever made this coffee,” she said, grabbing a cup from the cupboard and pouring herself a cup.  “Marry me and have my children.”
I laughed.  “I’ll settle for you naming your firstborn after me.”
“Deal.”
“What’s a deal?” Cam asked.  “I knew I smelled pancakes.”
“Good morning,” Flynn entered the kitchen, dodging me and my plate of pancakes.  “How did we luck out and get breakfast made for us?”
“I just had time on my hands,” I shrugged.  “Where’s Monty?”
“She was showering when I came down,” Shayla said.  “She should be down in a minute.”
 “Damn her and her ability to look gorgeous in under five minutes,” Kendall said, grabbing a pancake.  “Syrup?”
“I’ll get it,” Monty said, making her grand entrance.  She opened my pantry and paused.  “Uh, Cort?”
“Bottom shelf, to the left,” I said, grabbing a pancake of my own.  I wanted to look like I was enjoying myself when Cael came in.  
Monty settled herself in a chair and handed Kendall the syrup.  “Isn’t it awesome being able to eat breakfast and not having to worry about being attacked by assassins?”
“Very,” Ash agreed, grabbing the syrup from Kendall.  “I don’t know what to do with my time, now that this project is off my plate.”
I stirred my coffee, having added the creamer and sugar.  What was I going to do?  Whisper was done for.  I’d been fired from my job.  I had no hobbies because there’d never been time.  I was looking at a blank slate and I wasn’t liking it.
I realized that everyone was staring at me.  Shayla had asked me a question and I’d been so involved in stirring that I hadn’t heard.  “Sorry?” I looked at her, putting the spoon down.
“I asked when you wanted us to get out of your house.  Cael left last night apparently.”
“What?” I said.  Cael was gone?  There was no way.  This couldn’t be happening.  “When did this happen?”
Flynn looked at me, probably sensing the panic in my tone.  “You didn’t know?  He came down to talk to me around midnight and then around one went back to your room to get his stuff.”
I closed my eyes.  He’d turned off the light and covered me up, before taking the things he’d never unpacked.  How could he do this to me?  “I…um… you guys can stay as long as you want.”
“Cort, are you okay?” Shayla asked.  “You’re looking a little pale.”
“Not all of us had the chance to get all prettied up this morning,” Kendall said to her, jumping in to cover for me.  
“I’m going to go...” I pushed away from the table.  Anywhere.  I had to go somewhere.
I ran for the front door, forgetting that there was a downpour outside.  I sprinted across the yard to the barn, slamming the door shut behind me, gasping.  I wasn’t going to cry.  I was not going to cry.  I closed my eyes, which burned from the tears and walked to the center of the room before my knees gave out on me.  
He left you, I told myself, wrapping my arms around me.  He left you and he’s not coming back.  Get over it.  Get over it now.  So you pretty much bared your heart to him, although his reading your diary had not been your idea, and he ran for it.  You survived the break up with Burke.  You can survive this one too.  Except you never felt like you were beautiful with Burke.  You never felt strong.  You never felt like you could take anything the world threw at you, as long as he was right there with you.
I heard the door open.  I looked up at Flynn, tears streaming down my face.  “He didn’t say goodbye.”
I saw my pain reflected on Flynn’s face.  “Aw, sis.”  Within seconds his arms were wrapped around me and he was rocking me as I cried onto his shoulder.  
I was distracted when my cell phone rang.  I answered it without looking, hoping it was Cael.  “Hello?”
“Honey?”
“Mom?”  The tears welled up in my eyes again.  “Can you come home now?”
“Yes, we can.  Your father and I are on our way back.  We got ahold of the rest of the parents and they’re headed back too.  Oh, sweetie your dad and I have missed you so much.”
“I missed you too,” I said, sniffling.  
“Is everything okay?” she asked.  Her mom senses were probably tingling.  She always knew when I was upset.  
“Mostly.  I’m just still tired from being in Whisper for so long.”
“When I get back we’re going to the pool every day that you don’t work,” she promised.  “And we’ll go shopping to get you all outfitted for college.”
“I got fired,” I started crying.  “Burke cheated on me and got his baby mama pregnant and I broke up with him and he lied and said I was being unprofessional so I got fired over the phone.”  I was talking so fast she probably didn’t understand a word I was saying.
“I never liked Burke,” she said.  “And no store means more pool.  You were going to quit at the end of the summer anyway.”
“Yeah,” I sniffled.  “I just didn’t want you and dad to be disappointed in me.”
“We could never be disappointed in you.  We’ll talk more when I’m home okay?  Go tell everyone that their parents are incoming so they should clean up the houses.”
“Will do,” I said.
“Love you.”
“Love you too, Mom.”
I hung up the phone and Flynn patted my back.  “Your parents are coming home?”
“Our parents are coming home,” I corrected him.  “And not a moment too soon.”
Flynn pulled me to my feet.  “You should go do something relaxing,” he suggested.  “Something about you just screams that you’re stressed.”
“I wonder what,” I said dryly.  “But you bring up a valid point.  I think I’m going to take a bubble bath.”
“You should do that.”  
Flynn and I dashed to the house.  Flynn went into his domain and I retreated into mine.  Once I got upstairs a bubble bath didn’t sound appealing so I just took a quick shower.  I was so out of sorts that I didn’t even put on my makeup.  Or style my hair.  I just pulled it back into a pony tail.  “My, my, don’t you just look like a heartbreaker,” I said to my reflection.  More like an eye breaker.
Since I was officially on vacation I put on my favorite cut off shorts and one of the tank tops that I have an unending supply of.  I pulled on a zip up sweater and stepped out into the hallway.  From there I had a perfect view of Flynn tossing his bags into the back of his car.  He’d gone on one of his mystery trips one day and come back with it.  And now he was using it to escape.  “What the hell does he think he’s doing?” I asked no one specifically.
I practically flew down the stairs, stopping only to step into my favorite black flats at the door.  Then I was running across the porch, down the steps, and across the yard.  I blocked the end of the driveway just in time.  Luckily Flynn had fast reflexes so he stomped on the brakes before running into me.  Even so the bumper was almost brushing my knees.
“What were you thinking?” he threw open his door, all the better to yell at me.  
“I don’t know,” I yelled back, blinking as the wind drove the rain straight into my eyes.  “Maybe that my brother was ditching me.”
“I’m not ditching you,” he replied defensively.  “I’m…I just… I can’t do it, okay?”
“Do what?” I was so confused.  
“I can’t meet Mom and Dad.  I’ve been gone for ten years.  I don’t…”  he broke off.  Then he shook his head.  “I’m leaving and you can’t stop me.”
“Then what am I doing?” I asked sarcastically.
“Move.”
“Nope.”
“Move.”
“Never.”  I defiantly crossed my arms.  Shayla and Kendall were standing on the front porch, observing even though it was raining.  I’m sure this was quite a show.
“Cortland, don’t make me hurt you.”  He was gripping the door of the car so hard his knuckles were white.
“Flynn, don’t make me hurt you,” I countered.
“Cortland!”
“I’m not moving.  Some of us aren’t cowards.”  Yep, I went there.  I called him out.  He had two options, prove me wrong or prove me right.  Or slam the door shut and get in my face.
“You have no idea what I’m going through.”
“Cry me a river,” I said harshly. “You bitch at me because we never bothered to find you and now that your family is coming back you’re abandoning us.”
“It’s complicated.”
“It’s not you, it’s me,” I said.  “That’s what you were going to say next.  This is like a tacky break up scene in a movie except you can’t break up with family.”
“Corty, I’m asking you to let me go.”  He looked like he was in pain.  Something inside me broke.  I couldn’t make him stay here and be unhappy.
“Don’t call me Corty,” I snapped at him.  “Just go.  Find Cael and compare your leaving techniques.”
I started for the house, so ticked that I could barely see.  Oh wait, that was the tears in my eyes.  I heard the slam of a car door and knew that he was really going to do it.  I couldn’t believe it.  Flynn was going to leave me too.  Then I heard the engine stop.
What?  I didn’t turn, just continued my stormy exit.  I was so… ugh, he frustrated me.  You didn’t look for me, I don’t want to be here anymore.  Bite me, I’m done.
“Cortland!  Cortland!”  He was coming after me.  Ha.  I don’t think so, bro.
“Bite me,” I swung around.  Maybe with a little too much enthusiasm because I socked him in the gut.  He doubled over.  “I’m done.”
I turned to walk away and he tackled me at the knees.  “Let me go,” I said furiously, trying to keep my face out of the wet grass.  “I’m drowning.”
“Good,” he said, holding me down.  “You deserve it.  Now, listen to me-“
I channeled my rage and got loose of him.  Then it was my turn to tackle him.  I started throwing punches, most of which he dodged, but that was only because I wasn’t trying to do any damage.  “No, you listen to me, you jerk.  You promised.  You promised.  You told me that you were going to be there.  You told me.  You’re a liar.  You’re a liar and I hate you.”
Flynn flipped me over his head and the two of us sprang to our feet, braced to block a hit.  “I didn’t lie to you.  I wouldn’t.  I just can’t do this.”
“Coward.”
He jumped forward and got me in a headlock.  “Stop saying that.”
“Coward.”
“Stop it.”
“Coward,” I said slowly, drawing it out.
“I’m the coward?  You’re the one that bailed on a relationship just when it started getting serious.  You hid behind the situation the entire time and used it to justify how you were getting closer to Cael and once it was over you had nothing to hide behind.  It was all on you.  And apparently you weren’t enough.”  He didn’t mean it, I know that.  No matter how angry he was with me, he would never deliberately hurt me.  But that didn’t make it stop hurting.
My breath caught.  That was a low blow.  I stopped struggling, going limp.  Then Flynn realized what he’d done.  “Cortland… I didn’t mean it… Cort…”  His grip loosened and I pulled away, running for the front door.
I pushed through Shayla and Kendall, not even bothering to shut the door after me.  I dashed up the stairs and made it to my room.  I turned and got the satisfaction of slamming my bedroom door in Flynn’s face.  He knocked on the door.  “Cortland, please open the door.  I’m sorry.”
I measured my options.  Would it carry more weight if I yelled to go away or if I stayed silent?  I went with the silent approach.  He continued to knock. “Please just let me in.  I didn’t mean it.  Cortland?”  Silence.
Two hours later I was on my bed, flipping through the latest issue of Seventeen magazine, and he was still at my door.  From what it sounded like, he was sitting and leaning his back against my door.  “Cortland, you can’t ignore me forever.  You have to come out sometime.  And I give you five more minutes before I break down this door.”
He couldn’t see me but I rolled my eyes and mocked him.  “Imma break down the door,” I muttered to myself in what passes as my manly impersonation.  “Go for it.”  I flipped to the next page.  Ooh, I loved that outfit.
The house was super silent.  Maybe everyone else had gone home.  No.  They would be waiting in case I needed help hiding the body.  Not the point.  The quiet allowed me to hear the garage door open.  In seconds my magazine was tossed to the floor and I was leaping from my bed.  I threw open the door, stepping around Flynn as he fell to the floor, not expecting that.  I made it down the steps and got to the front door in time to wrap my mom in a bone-crushing hug.  “Mom!”  I said, happily.  “I’m so glad you’re home.”
“I am too.  Why is everyone here?  And what happened to my lamp?” she asked, hugging me back and then looking around.
“We figured it was safer in one place.  And the lamp…well…”
“Those damn assassins came in here and broke it,” Monty said quickly.  “It was a major fight.”
“They broke a plate too,” Shayla added quickly.  I hid the smile.
“Well, as long as that’s all that got broken.  I’m so happy to see all of you,” my mom wrapped Shayla and Kendall in a hug, and then turned to Asher and Monty.  “Cam, I didn’t know you were involved.”
“Yeah, my brother and I are Guardians.  We decided to help.”
“And I thank you for it,” she gave him a hug too.  He was a little surprised but recovered in time to hug her back.
My dad burst in through the door, lugging a bunch of bags.  “Don’t worry, I’ve got it.”
“Daddy,” I chirped happily, leaping at him.  He dropped the bags and gave me a hug.  “I missed you.”
“I missed you too,” he said.  “I’m so proud of you.”
“I had help, believe me,” I said.  “But you would not believe what happened.”
“Knowing all of- most of you,” he corrected when he saw Cam.  “I’m sure you’ve got some good ones.”
I saw Flynn start down the stairs.  He looked extremely nervous.  Pale.  Maybe he would throw up.  That brightened my mood.  “You have no idea,” I said.  My dad looked up from me, still smiling, and froze when he saw Flynn.  My mom turned and her breath caught.  “Mom, Dad, I’d like for you to meet-“
“Ethan,” my mom managed, at his side in a split second.  She wrapped him in a hug and I swear I could hear ribs breaking.  “It’s really you.”
“Yeah, it’s me…Mom.”  
I was smiling as tears, happy this time, sprang into my eyes.  My dad shook his hand and did the man hug, you know, one arm involved in the handshake, the other pounding the back in a manly fashion.  What the heck? I was still mad as hell at Flynn but I wanted in on the family moment.  The family moment that lasted until Shayla and Monty sighed.  “Aww.”
“You know what,” my mom began.  “Why don’t we invite everyone over for dinner tomorrow night? Then we can all hear the good stories narrated by the team.”
“Sounds good,” everyone chorused.
Since everyone else went to their own house, Flynn got upgraded to a guest bedroom.  Cam got his own room.  That left me, sitting in my lonely room, looking out the window.
The next day was like a breath of fresh air.  Dad had to go to work but when I woke up I got to have a cup of coffee with my mom.  Flynn, Cam, and I went after the horses in the afternoon.  Flynn turned out to be quite the horse whisperer, getting even the worst of them to load without a problem.  As dinner rolled around I was in the kitchen, helping Mom get things rolling.  Shay and her parents showed up first.  I got demoted to table setter, with assistance from Shay, while her mom took my spot in the kitchen.  Soon all the moms were in the kitchen and the rest of us were sitting in the living room, watching a baseball game.  I don’t even like baseball but it is America’s favorite pastime. 
“Dinner’s ready,” Mom announced from the dining room table.
“Look at this table,” I said out loud.  “Wonderful.”
“Whoever did this, it is amazing,” Shayla chimed in.
“The silverware is in the wrong order,” Asher observed as he took a seat.
The two of us made faces at him as we sat next to each other.  The dining room table had been taken from Whisper when my parents left it, so it magically stretched as you added plates and food and everything else associated with dinner.  Watching it stretch to accommodate the chairs and plates used to be interesting but now it was just normal.  Once we were all seated I looked around.  “Mom, why is there an extra plate?”
“Sorry I’m late,” came an apologetic voice.
My hand clenched around a fork.  Shay snorted the water she’d just taken a sip of.  On my other side, Kendall stiffened and slowly turned her head to look.  He wouldn’t dare.
“Cort,” he acknowledged me, planting a kiss in my hair as he circled the table.  Then Cael took a seat next to my mom and dad.  He smiled at me.  Oh yes, he would.
-Chapter 10-


I narrowed my eyes at him but Cael seemed oblivious.  What the hell did he think he was doing?  Shayla opened her mouth to say something, probably something rude, but I stomped on her foot under the table.  “So, what did I miss?” Cael asked.  I could see the smile in his grey eyes.  The jerk knew we were all ticked at him and he was enjoying it.
“Tons of fun,” I said coolly. “We hardly noticed you were gone.”  Take that, d-bag.
“This is Cam’s older brother, Cael,” my mom made the introductions for the other parents at the table.  “He saved my daughter a time or two.”
“After I basically saved myself,” I muttered darkly.  I grabbed a roll and passed the basket to Kendall.  
“Well, we are definitely interested in hearing what happened,” my dad said, beaming at Cael.  I gaped.  What the heck?  My dad didn’t even know Cael.  “Cael gave us a brief rundown of some of it but I’m sure Shayla and Cortland have an interesting take on it.”
“I’m sure we do,” Shayla said, tossing her hair.  
“Wait.  When did you talk to Cael?” I asked, interrupting before Shayla could start on the story.
“Last night,” my mom answered, looking at me strangely.  “He called to check on everyone.”
“How sweet,” Kendall said. “Maybe he should tell you how he and Cortland met.”
“It’s one of those things that we’re going to look back on and laugh at in thirty years,” Cael said.  “She pretty much attacked me.”
“I did not,” I broke in defensively.  “It was after graduation.  I was in the barn and someone got me with a two by four.  Then the four musketeers showed up and helped me track down the dust trails.  I had two possibilities and I mistakenly went after Cael’s.”
“And I’m looking for my brother, because I’m worried that he’s out there alone with all this Whisper nonsense going down.  I step out of this bar and grill into an alley, and there’s this redhead, cell phone in hand, looking at me weirdly.”
“Because I wasn’t expecting a Guardian,” I said.  
“And she just looks like an assassin-“
“I did not,” I said, mostly to myself.  Everyone else was enthralled with Cael’s lively story.
“So I assume that she’s bent sent after me.  I tackle her and am surprised to find she fights dirty.”
“I taught her how to fight,” my dad said proudly.
“And you did a fantastic job.  But, as we can all see, Cort’s a dainty little thing so I quickly had her overpowered.”
I snorted.  “It was not quickly.  I put up a very good fight.”
“Stop interrupting,” my mom admonished me.  She patted Cael’s arm.  “It’s rude.”
My mouth dropped.  My own mother just sided with him.  Oh, this would not do.  Cael smirked at me.  I weighed the pros and cons of throwing the butter knife at him.  Kendall saw me eyeing the butter knife and discreetly slid it just out of reach.  Now it was just too much effort.
“So, I demand who sends her and she has this witty comeback.  Just as I’m preparing to take her back for questioning she knees me and takes off like a rabbit.  Cam chose that moment to join the fight and tackles her.  Then he realizes who it is and starts apologizing and lets her go.  I’m ticked and confused and she sits up, blood running from a broken nose and exchanges more witty banter, then stalks from the alley, head held high.”
“That’s my girl,” my dad said.
Forty minutes later, everyone was still seated around the table.  It seemed like I was the only one not enjoying the stories.  I just sat and glared, pushing my food around my plate and barely drinking my water.  Cael seemed oblivious to it, laughing with my parents and my friends, all of whom I would no longer speak to.  
“So then, the three of them plummet out of this tower and skid to a stop in the grass, all screaming bloody murder,” Monty laughed.  “They had death grips on each other’s arms and their eyes were closed.   They didn’t even realize that they were stopped.”
“The floor just slanted,” Kendall said defensively.  “The floor was uneven, which was painful, and there were flames shooting out and knives and a swinging pendulum of death!”
Shayla and I were nodding. Then I remembered that I was irked.  We’d laughed over training and my outfits and the multiple field trips and my outfits and now we were finally getting to the action.  I wanted this to be done.
I pushed back from the table and headed for the kitchen, under the pretense that I needed more water.  Everyone was having such an enjoyable time that they didn’t even notice that my glass was three quarters full.  I opened the fridge to the sound of laughter from the dining room.  Cael had probably said something witty.  I made a face.  
“Corty, are you okay?”
I turned to face my brother.  “I’m having a wonderful time,” I said, plastering a fake smile to my face.  “Doesn’t it show?”
“Showing up like this was a douche move.  I’ll kick his ass later.  But don’t let him ruin this for you.  Everyone in there is like family to you.  Sit back and enjoy it.”
“They’re your family too,” I reminded him, rummaging through the cabinets.  I held up the bottle of Excedrin migraine victoriously.  I tossed back two and chugged some water.  I rolled my neck, getting in the zone.  It’s just another battle, I told myself.  You can do this.  “Okay,” I said to Flynn.  “Bring it.”
Of course I got involved in the serious portion of the evening.  Our parents listened somberly as we spoke of our last battle.  Everyone understood when I didn’t want to talk about my brief stay in the well.  My mom reached across the table to pat my hand.  I gave everyone a dim smile, which didn’t fool anyone, least of all my dad.  
Soon everyone was leaving.  I helped my mom clear off the table and load the dishwasher.  Cael came in.  “Need any help?” 
“Nope, we’re all done,” my mom beamed at him. 
“Perfect timing,” I said coldly.  “Mom, I have a headache.  I’m going to go to bed.”
“Okay, honey.  You weren’t acting like yourself during dinner.  Just rest.   And take it easy tomorrow.”
I smiled at her.  “You don’t have to tell me twice.  Good night, Mom.”
“Night, dear.”
I pushed past Cael, not bothering to apologize.  He didn’t even try to stop me.  It took all of my willpower not to hit him or knock him to the ground.  And they said I had no self-control.
I went to my room, closing and blocking the door after me.  That should be enough to stop him.  Flynn would be like a guard dog, attacking if Cael got too close to my sanctuary.  I’d been totally lying about the headache, the Excedrin having knocked it right out of me.  I sprawled on my bed on my stomach and grabbed the next magazine that I hadn’t had time to read through this whole ordeal.  So looking cute is my weakness.  Bite me.  
Someone knocked on my door.  My eyes narrowed as I put the magazine down.  Anyone who wasn’t worried that I was angry would be saying something right now like, “Cort, it’s your mom.  Are you okay?”  The only one who would be using silence as a shield would be the one I didn’t want to see.  Where was my bodyguard?  The new one that would use the first one’s face to mop up the floor.  
“Cortland,” Cael said softly.  He knocked again.  “Cort.  Come on, I want to talk to you.”
“Never,” I hissed, going back to my magazine.  I have the greatest ability to tune out everything that isn’t important to me.  The persistent knocking and requests to open the door went in one ear and out the other while I patiently flipped through my magazine.  
After a while I tuned back in.  Something was missing.  Right.  There was no knocking.  It was about time that he gave up.  I was a little disappointed that he hadn’t lasted longer.  But that meant that I had won.  Take that. 
I put my magazine down to flip on my lamp and then turn off my big bedroom lights.  This way when I was tired I wouldn’t even have to move.  I could just close my eyes and go to sleep.  I turned back around from the light switch and almost dropped dead from a heart attack right there.  Cael was back on the roof outside of my window.  “Cortland,” he knocked on the glass.  “Open the window.”
I had to give the boy points for being sneaky.  “I think not,” I said, loud enough for him to hear me.  “Enjoy the roof.”
He nodded and then raised his hands.  My window slid open and he stepped in, knocking some papers off my desk.  “Can we talk now?” he asked, sounding a little tired.
“How about you talk about this,” I suggested, throwing the closest thing that came to hand.  It just happened to be one of my shirts that I’d just piled on top of my dresser.  “Or this.”  I threw another one.
Let’s face it, t-shirts are not weapons of mass destruction.  He wasn’t even bothering to duck or dodge or even flinch.  He had the nerve to step closer.  I had the nerve to step up my game.
I turned to my night stand and picked up the bottle of lotion I leave there and tossed it at him.  He knocked that one out of the way before it hit him.  I looked around desperately as he took a step closer.  I was out of things within reach.  But there was more in my room that I could use with a more nonconventional method.
With a flick of my wrist my brush was flying across the room and hitting Cael in the arm.  “You can throw whatever you want at me, I’m not leaving,” he said.
I narrowed my eyes at him and pelted him with various make up containers from my vanity.  “You already left,” I pointed out.
“And I was wrong.  That’s why I’m back.”
“Who said I wanted you to come back?” I retorted, using my magic to hit the back of his head with my discarded magazine.  
“I really hoped that we could talk this over in a mature, adult fashion,” he sighed, eyes darkening.  Good, he was finally getting angry.  Now if he would just leave and get it over with.  “But obviously that’s impossible for you.”
My only response was to flip him off and throw my lamp at him.  It didn’t do any damage, I’m sad to say.  It bounced off his shoulder and dropped to the ground, cracking a little.  I raised an eyebrow at him, sort of nonverbally asking, ‘Whatcha going to do about it?’
“That is it,” he ground out, leaping for me.  
I shrieked and hurriedly unblocked my door, throwing it open and running out.  Cael was after me in a flash.  I bounded down the steps, not stopping when Flynn, Cam, and my parents looked up from the living room where they were watching television.  “Leave me alone,” I yelled over my shoulder at him.
I threw open the front door, stepping out into the dusk, and slammed the door shut behind me, cutting off whatever he was saying to me or my family.  My destination was the barn.  I didn’t want to kill him, per se, maybe just maim him.  At the very least I wanted him to regret that he’d ever crossed me.  I heard the front door open behind me but he didn’t waste time shutting it.  I was halfway there.
Then I stepped on a pointy rock or something and since I was barefoot, it really hurt.  I stumbled a little and swore then got back to my mission.  It was too late.  Cael full out tackled me, knocking me to the ground.
“Ow,” I managed even though my lungs were being crushed.  “Get off me, you jerk.”
“Are you going to listen to me?”  I grimaced as he leaned down and I could feel my backbone start to snap.
“Ha,” I said, still trying to be a little rebel.  “Do I ever?”  He leaned down even more.  “Ow. Yes.  I’ll listen.”
Cael let me go, which was a big mistake on his part.  I wasn’t even fully on my feet before I was trying to get away.  It was a big mistake on my part assuming that he wouldn’t be ready for me to try something.  He grabbed a leg and I fell to the ground, breath rushing out of my lungs at the impact.  I used my other leg to kick at his face.  He was ready for that one too, so I missed.
I struggled my way loose but this time when I got up I wasn’t trying to run for the barn.  I didn’t need anything but my bare hands to unleash my anger.  Cael was in some deep trouble and he didn’t even realize it.  
Cael was on his feet too and he sighed when he saw the look on my face.  “Why won’t you just listen to me?”
“Listen to me, Cupcake,” I said, striking at him.  He dodged but did nothing to retaliate.  “I tried to apologize before and all that happened was you taking off in the middle of the night without even saying good bye.  I’m back to my original statement.  When hell freezes over.”  I decided I should remind him of what I’d said.
“I didn’t take off,” he said, grabbing my foot a split second before it connected with his ribs.  He just let it drop.  “I had something to do.”
“And it couldn’t wait until morning or when you’d said good bye to me?” I tried to backhand him but he stopped my hand.  
“No.”
“Oh, well, in that case…” I threw a punch and it grazed his cheek bone.  I was even more pissed that he wasn’t trying.  He was just taking it.  This wasn’t as satisfying if he wasn’t fighting back.  “You’re the one who went all protective and propose-y and you follow me when I leave the room after fighting with you.  Then I storm out and you don’t follow.  Then I come back in and apologize and you leave?  What the hell?”
“I thought you needed to be alone,” he said calmly.
I shoved him as hard as I could.  “I had just been alone in a well,” I yelled at him.  “I didn’t need to be alone.  I needed someone to tell me I was okay.”
“You were okay.”
“No, I wasn’t,” I said, not yelling but not a normal tone of voice either.  “If you know me like you think you do, you should have realized that it was all a little brave front that I was using until I had everything horrible stored away in some back compartment.”
He closed his eyes.  “Cortland, I made a horrible mistake.”
“You think?     And in what universe did you think that I would just let you breeze back in, sitting next to my parents and smiling and laughing with my friends?  You ambushed me.”
“It wasn’t supposed to be an ambush.  I called your parents because I needed to talk to them about something.  Your mom invited me to dinner.”
“And you should have politely turned it down,” I said.  I was done fighting with him.  “You’re even worse than Burke.”
I went to breeze past him when he grabbed my arm.  “You did not just say that.”
“Why not?” I asked, hating myself for letting tears well into my eyes.  “Burke may have been an ass and he cheated on me constantly but he never broke my heart.”  Melodramatic, I know, but give me a break.  
“Cort,” he pulled me close.  I hated myself even more for not struggling, just letting him wrap his arms around me.  “When I left I was always planning on coming back.  I just had some thinking to do.”
I finally gained the courage to push him away.  “What kind of thinking?”
Cael dropped to his knees on the ground and for one panicked moment I was looking around for an assassin.  Then I realized he was kneeling on one knee, holding out a little box.  My eyes widened.  “I know you said you wouldn’t marry me until Hell froze over but I did some research.  There’s Hell, Michigan, which freezes in the winter and there’s some place called Hell in Russia that’s frozen seventy percent of the year.  I didn’t check to see if today was one of those days but I decided I should take a gamble.”
My brain was still processing these things.  “You left to buy me a ring.”
“Yep.”
“You called my parents to get permission.”
“Yep.”
“You were actually serious about this.”
“Yep.”
My legs got all wobbly so I sat down quickly.  Wow.  This was…sudden.  But it felt right, somehow.  “Cortland…” Cael said cautiously, moving closer to me, forgetting the ring.  “Are you okay?”
“I think I’m having a heart attack,” I said with a shaky laugh.  “You’re serious?”  I looked into his cloudy eyes.
There was no lie in them.  “I’m serious.”
“Well, then…”  I paused, wanting to remember this moment forever.  The cool wind ruffling his hair, the first of the stars twinkling above.
This momentary pause made Cael a little nervous.  “Cort, are you going to marry me?”
Before I could answer, Flynn emerged from the darkness, out of breath.  “Guys, there’s something going on.”
“Clearly,” I said, tilting my head towards Cael.  Add moment killer to his list of accomplishments.
Cael seemed to realize that something was seriously going on.  “Flynn?” he asked.
“The portals are open.”
“How can you be sure?” I asked.  “We were all there, we felt them close.  One of us almost got left behind.”  Me.  Yeah, I wasn’t going to let that one go.
“I found something in your room,” he said.  “Something that shouldn’t have been there.”
I didn’t pester him about getting to the point of jump him for going into my room without my permission.  Instead I focused on what he was holding in his hands.  “Impossible,” Cael said.
“Apparently not,” I said.  “And apparently they’re trying to tell me something.”  Carefully I reached out and picked up the crown Flynn was holding out to me.  He also handed me a note.  Wow.  They really were trying to tell me something.
“A queen is meant to be on her throne,” I read out loud.  I looked into the serious eyes of the two guys I knew I could trust the most.  “Are they coming after me?”
###
About the author: Devon M. Thiele is from a very small town in Iowa, but has no problem finding inspiration for her characters.  When she’s not writing, she is with her family, friends, or pets.  Thanks to their support, she is free to chase her dreams.  

