
Elements


Book One
(The Crystal Series)


Nia Markos




Copyright © 2017 by Nia Markos

All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof
may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

Cover design by: Cynthia Amato
Model: BestPhotoStudio (101868868)/Shutterstock.com
Editor: Jacqueline Snider








For Dominic whose love and support has made it possible to follow my dreams.

Prologue
Alba, 997 AD

There had been a light rain falling for weeks over the northwestern coast of Alba. The fog from the low-lying clouds hindered visibility, covering the cliffs in a mist that swirled with the gale-force winds. On the highest peak of the ridge, a lone figure, a weathered- faced old woman, stood looking out at the turbulent sea. Waves thunderously pounded the rocky shore far below. The stone beneath her feet was wet, slippery and covered with sea foam. Wrapped in a woolen tartan, the old woman scanned the horizon. It had been two days since her message had been sent. There should have been a reply by now. The safety of her young apprentice was at the center of the worry gnawing away at her. The disappearance of the young woman had not gone unnoticed. Even now, at the inn housing the only tavern in town, rumors were taking on a life of their own. There was no way she could calm the growing unease taking hold of the inhabitants. She herself was anxious about what was to come. 
The town had stood for centuries. A small chapel, the inn and a modest market were the gathering places for what few residents remained. The cold climate made life difficult in this forsaken land. It was rare that sunlight touched the barren landscape. Most of the year, people huddled indoors in front of their wood fires. The local farms more often than not had little yield. Instead, they relied on food brought in from the lowlands. Why anyone remained was difficult to comprehend. The fishermen were the only ones who managed to make any living. When the winter snow came with its punishing winds, the town appeared deserted. Only the hardiest ventured outdoors. Their religion held them together. Trust that the Almighty would not abandon them gave them hope. Anything inexplicable was looked upon with suspicion. Fear of witchcraft and the devil was growing in these tumultuous times. If only they knew how accurate their imaginings were. 
The old woman’s eyes stared out into the mist, seeing more than what was visible to the naked eye. Across the fog-covered waters lay a land that none knew existed. An island shrouded in mystery and invisibility, which had been sheltering its people for thousands of years. The land was rich and warm, nothing like the desolate, inhospitable home the mainlanders called their own. The old woman had only been there once herself. Few of her kind could see it when, by chance, the fog cleared bringing it into view. To everyone else, the island remained unseen. The security around it was complete. Even fishermen steered clear of the area. It was long believed that anyone approaching the land would be lost.
The old woman had expected a reply from her friend by now. The urgency of the message would have had a profound impact on the recipient. There was no telling how much damage had been done already. Only her friend would be able to gauge the impact with her senses. For some time, the old woman had felt that her apprentice was more than who she seemed. Power, unlike anything the old woman had ever experienced, radiated from the young girl. The old woman was sure that the girl shielded herself. There was something more within her that was being carefully hidden. In all her years, the old woman had never felt so afraid of what it could all mean. The wait was becoming unbearable. Knowing there was nothing she could do to make a response arrive more quickly, she cast one last look over the horizon. Seeing no movement, she turned away from the cliff, walking carefully back towards the inn. 
As she made her way slowly towards the building’s entrance, the door of the inn swung open. Her eyes were momentarily blinded by the light shining from within. The noise from inside the inn rose to join the sound of the howling winds around her. In the open doorway, a slight woman peered out the door. Sighing, the old woman continued her descent, stopping in front of the young woman standing in the doorway, another one of her apprentices. This one was too unruly to be ready for any formal training. The girl’s name belied her character. Her tantrums were becoming legendary.
“Patience, what have I told you? Get back inside! Curiosity will be your downfall one of these days,” said the old woman, scolding her young apprentice.
“Sara, where have you been? I sense danger out there.” The young woman’s worried look rested on the old woman.
“There is nothing out there that can harm me. Isn’t it time you were off to bed?” 
Not giving her apprentice a chance to respond, Sara pulled her back into the inn. Closing the door behind her, Sara made sure the woman went off to bed. Once her apprentice had retired, Sara went into the sitting room, avoiding the stares of the other occupants. She knew that they feared her. They would not be approaching her for any conversation. Their questions would have gone unanswered anyway. Walking past the only servant girl, Sara asked for a cup of tea. Not waiting for a response, she continued to one of the chairs facing the fireplace. As Sara settled herself in front of the roaring fire, the servant girl appeared with a cup and small pot containing what smelled like mint leaves. She poured some into the cup for Sara, avoiding looking directly at her.
When the girl moved away to serve another patron, Sara leaned back into the chair, bringing the cup to her lips. Warmed by the fire in front of her and the hot liquid making its way through her body, Sara surveyed her surroundings. The eating room to her right was empty. Tables were already prepared for breakfast the following day. There were four other residents staying at the inn. A few of them were still at the bar enjoying a last drink before turning in. They avoided her, sensing something was different about her. Alone, she blocked out the sound of the voices as she stared into the flames, letting the fire’s heat enfold her in its warmth, hoping tomorrow would bring news.
Across the sea, hidden behind a thick fog, the island was aglow with torches that lit the paths around the homes of its people. Crystals emitted a blue-tinged glow from within the walls of the dwellings. What few folk were awake sat huddled together, conversing about their day. In one of these homes, a couple stood watching over their sleeping son. They had waited so long for a child that they did not ask questions when he arrived on their doorstep, accompanied by a celestial being. The woman did not care how it was possible. She had waited so long for a chance at motherhood; she did not care to question why he had been placed in their care. He was a miracle. 
Outside, lush green foliage swayed in the gentle breeze and sounds of crickets filled the air. The deep green forest surrounded the village, protecting and camouflaging the homes. Built on stilts, the dwellings reached up into the foliage of the trees. Winding stairs made their way around the trunks. At the highest point of the island a citadel occupied the cliffs. Its courtyard garden held species of flowers no human had ever seen. Their brilliant colors provided enough light to walk the cobblestone paths easily. One of these pathways meandered through the garden, leading to an immense interior great hall. White flowing drapes were pulled back and tied with red sashes to allow the breeze to enter. Across the stone floor of the vast room, twenty white marble columns stretched to the ceiling, ten on each side, lining the way to the woman sitting on a gold-leafed throne. 
Eliana sat rigidly on her throne, her fury growing as she reread the words written on the paper she held in her hand. The magnitude of the betrayal she felt nearly overwhelmed her. She had no doubt that the message was true. It pierced her heart to read the treacherous actions of someone she had trusted. She crumpled the paper into a ball, letting it fall at her feet. She rose from her seat, walked over to one of the archways that looked out at the courtyard and stepped out into the night. She was dressed in a flowing emerald gown that matched her eyes. The gossamer material hugged her curves, outlining her ethereal five-foot-eight-inch frame. Her long, almost white, hair framed her gentle facial features, running down her back to her waist. Almond-shaped eyes, a straight nose and full lips graced her heart-shaped face. 
She always enjoyed this time of night. Everything seemed so peaceful. She could almost forget all the decisions and impositions her title put upon her. Her eyes took in the splendor of the night, the village below and the stars scattered across the sky. How could such a peaceful night hold so much treachery? Realizing she had little choice about what needed to be done, she re-entered the hall, stopping in front of her throne. With more strength than she felt, she called out to the guards standing at the end of the great room.
“Bring Elsam to me immediately!” She ordered.
As two of her guards hurried from the room to do as she ordered, she sat back down on her throne. The pressures of being queen to her people had her questioning her every decision lately. She could not afford to make any mistakes. Her people were not the only ones at risk. From a young age she had been able to see far into the future. Her clairvoyant ability made it possible to intervene when necessary in order to protect her people from discovery. For thousands of years the Eruvians had managed to exist without their presence becoming known. Humans were not yet ready to know about them. The human’s mistrust and ignorance would be the end of her people if she allowed it. Somehow, Elsam had disrupted the course she had laid out. Searching with her senses, looking into the future, she could not see what he had done to undermine her. The fact that he had been able to disrupt her plans without her being aware of it had her very concerned. It was essential that she make things right. Not knowing what Elsam had done to make changes, she was unsure of what she needed to do to correct things. This only further increased her ire. She needed to know what it was that he had done in order to fix it. Lost in her thoughts, she did not feel Vanya, her closest friend, until she touched her shoulder, bringing her back to herself. 
The two women had grown up together and shared everything with each other, but the contrast between them was striking. Vanya stood at five-feet-five-inches tall. Her sinewy figure and skill at combat made her an asset to Eliana. She was always present, protecting her queen from any threat. Her diminutive form made others underestimate how lethal she could be. Short, dark chocolate hair with wispy bangs framed a face that held mismatched features that somehow worked together. The same emerald-colored eyes that marked their entire race were wide spaced from a small upturned nose. Thin lips circled a small puckered mouth. Vanya would know and understand the deep hurt that she was feeling at that moment. Eliana was not yet ready to voice all that she felt, however. The time for that would come. For now, she needed to face the next few minutes alone, to gather her strength for what was to come. Vanya, perceiving her friend’s needs, stepped back far enough to give Eliana the space she desired, but remained close enough to come to her aid if requested. 
Indecision on what course to take, how to undo Elsam’s actions, weighed on the queen. She wondered about his motivation. He had been her most trusted adviser. Their connection had been strong at one time. She had even considered taking him as her mate, even though the joining had not manifested. Her race rarely felt the illusive bonding between males and females any longer. In the rare cases where two souls belonged together, they would be joined eternally. Although she had believed herself to be in love with him, they did not forge the binding that would have made them dependent on each other. His present actions, going against her edicts, were punishable by death. It was beyond her comprehension what his reasoning was for the chain of events he had put into motion. 
 The sound of the returning guards caused her to look up to see if they had found him. Elsam marched defiantly between the guards, his eyes locked on hers. What a shame it would be to see him gone from her court, she thought. Elsam towered over her guards. His powerful leg muscles flexed with every step he took. He was dressed in his usual black leather, and the gleam of his sword, where it rested on his hip, drew the eyes to his tapered waist. Approaching the throne, he fell to one knee, his head downcast, leaving her looking at the top of his head. At one time, her fingers had combed through his shoulder- length, wheat-colored hair, and her hands had caressed the muscles of his strong shoulders. He raised his head, looking at her boldly. Not waiting for permission, he stood, facing her, silently waiting for her to speak. 
“Elsam, your actions have placed me in a difficult position,” she said, reigning in her emotions.
“What actions are those, my Queen?” His deep voice inquired.
She got up from her throne to stand in front of him. She willed her hands not to strike him. His blatant arrogance seeped from him. Has he always been this insolent? How could I have missed the way he openly disrespects me? His eyes, blazing with seething hate, were boring into hers. She studied his handsome face, taking in his strong features, looking into those eyes. Frustration built in her as he broke eye contact and stared at the wall behind her. She itched to strike him, but held her hand. It would accomplish nothing. She needed answers.
“I have been informed that you have been crossing over to the other land. What were you thinking? That I wouldn’t find out? There is a reason why I have forbidden access to the humans. They are too primitive for us. Why would you disobey me?” 
“They are beneath us, yet they have access to a land that should belong to us,” he shot back at her.
“Why, Elsam?” She looked at him knowing there was always a reason behind his actions. “There must be more to it than that. I know there is more to the story. Where is this anger coming from?” She pressed him for an answer. 
“You wouldn’t understand, my Queen. You live ignorantly in your kingdom, satisfied with the foolish attention of your courtesans. What would you know of real life? You play at it while all around you everyone feels you lack the strength of a monarch.”
“No!” She thundered. Her hand rose, angrily slapping him. “You will not speak to me that way. I am still your queen and your life is in my hands. Do not forget who you are addressing. Answer me, why have you done these things?”
Elsam’s hand went up to his cheek where he felt the sting of her slap. He pulled himself to his full height and stared at her coldly, refusing to answer. She knew by looking at him that she would not get anything out of him. Her anger with him was matched by his stubbornness. She would need to search elsewhere for answers.
“How did you cross the barrier, Elsam?” She asked, trying a different approach.
“Now that is an interesting story, my Queen. There are others with powers besides you,” he replied.
“And what has it cost us, Elsam? How many did you torture and kill? How could you make our kind known to them? We have lived peacefully in our land without giving ourselves away. What am I to do with you?” She asked angrily.
Elsam said nothing. Whatever she decided to do, she had to make an example of him.  
“Very well,” she continued. “Elsam, you leave me no choice. Your actions have placed our people in danger and for that you will be punished. You will be placed outside of the passages of time where you will live within its darkness for a thousand of our years.”  
Elsam did not flinch at her pronouncement. There were worse things she could have done to him. The darkness of time, having no sense of its passage, would not break him. Many had gone mad. Once cast in this vacuum, he would lie awake in an unending silence. He would not know how much time had lapsed. His strength and resolve would have to be enough to keep him on course. What his queen did not know was that it was exactly the right amount of time he needed. He would serve his sentence. Once he was released, he would be free to take his final revenge. 
Eliana could see his mind working. The brief smile on his lips let her know that more was at play than what she was aware of. She needed to find out what he had done. One way or another, she had to fix what he had put into motion. Once he was confined, she would have to figure out what his end game was. Elsam was not going to win in this fight. He did not know that she had her own contacts to help her. 
“Guards, take him to the gateway. I will be there shortly,” she commanded.
Her guards stripped Elsam of his sword, letting it fall to the floor with a loud clang. The sword, once out of his possession vanished from sight, fading into nothingness, abandoning its master. They bound his arms behind his back, roughly pushing him out of the throne room. Once he was gone, Eliana called Vanya to her side.
“I need to see Sara as soon as possible,” she whispered. “See if you can find her. Do so quietly, Vanya. No one must know.”
Vanya bowed her head, quickly taking her leave. Eliana took a moment to steel herself for what was to come. Knowing that she had to be strong, she gathered her courage. Two of her guards fell into step, one on each side, as she strode from the room. She made her way to the chamber that held the gateway, where Elsam was waiting. Entering the circular room, she stopped to gaze at the blood red crystal that hovered over a pedestal in the center of the room. It glowed and spun slowly, infusing the walls with a crimson-colored aura. The crystal of Eruva, shaped like a diamond, seven-inches tall and four-inches wide, was the source of power that protected the island and its people.  Her ancestors had named the precious stone, Kaemorra. In their tongue, the word meant sanctuary. Eliana, and each queen before her, had a connection to the crystal and were able to harness its power and use it when needed. Not so long ago, she herself had placed an incantation on it, blocking the entrance to the human world. She wondered how Elsam had gotten around the barriers she had built. She would find out. She had no choice if her people were to be saved.
“Elsam, I am giving you one final chance to tell me what it is you have done to the crystal,” said Eliana.
Elsam remained silent, his eyes defiant in his final moments. Very well, she thought to herself. Calling upon her power that linked her to the Kaemorra, she spoke in their ancient tongue. The words opened the spaces between times. She spread her arms wide, closed her eyes, focusing on the energy around her. The crystal released multiple rays of color from within it, saturating the cave with its light. As the light danced, it caught Elsam within its power, rendering him immobile. Eliana repeated the words again. The light grabbed hold of Elsam, his whole body convulsing from the power. It encircled him, binding him within its radiance. His eyes found Eliana’s, defiant and filled with hatred. It was the last thing she felt before the light pulled him into the crystal’s core. As quickly as the light had spread, it disappeared. Eliana looked at the Kaemorra with regret in her eyes. Elsam had been close to her, losing him was a heavy loss. His actions had hurt her more than he knew. With her guards following behind her, she returned to the throne room where Vanya had returned with news. The guards took position on each side of the main door as Eliana walked towards the only other door at the back of the room. She motioned for Vanya to follow her into her private chamber. Once she had closed the door and they were alone, she sat down on one of the chairs.
“What have you found out?” Eliana inquired. “Were you able to locate Sara?”
Vanya smiled and answered, “Yes, my Queen, Sara will see you at the usual location in an hour. She asked me to tell you that she can help.”
“Very well,” Eliana responded. “I must prepare. Thank-you, please leave me now.”
Vanya did not move to leave, however. “My Queen,” she spoke, “I think I should come with you. You might need me.”
Eliana looked at Vanya, not surprised that she wanted to come with her. Her friend would follow her into any danger, but for this she needed to see Sara alone. 
“I’ll be fine, Vanya. Sara can take care of any dangers that might arise. I will need you when I come back.”
Vanya bowed and removed herself from the room closing the door behind her. Once alone, Eliana changed her clothes in order to fit in where she was going. She put on the simple-styled dress worn by the humans. Facing her mirror, she adjusted the robe, running her fingers over the rough-textured, bland-colored fabric. No one would know who she was. She hoped Sara would have answers for her. To pass the time, she went over some documents that needed her attention. Once the hour was up she grabbed a heavy tartan cloak for warmth. Standing in front of her floor-length mirror, she passed her hand in front of it. Her image was replaced by a white swirling cloud. Pulling the cloak up to cover her head and hide her features, she took a deep breath and walked into the mirror, disappearing from the room.
The world she stepped into was harsh. The winds whipped at her as she faced the only building in sight. The darkness outside the inn was pierced by a single lantern that hung from the wall next to the door. The isolation of the building from the main town made it the perfect spot for their meeting. Eliana walked to the structure, and opened the door. Entering, she stood a moment, letting her eyes adjust to the dimly lit interior. In the back of the room Sara sat facing away from her, her head bent down staring at the table. The innkeeper appeared, having heard her entrance. Eliana waved him away, walking by him briskly to join Sara.
“Sit, Eliana,” Sara spoke without looking up. “We won’t be interrupted.” 
Eliana let her eyes sweep the room one final time before she sat down facing Sara. The witch sitting in front of her was just as she remembered her. Hunched over, she looked frail. Deep lines covered her face, which held a wary expression. To anyone else, she appeared as any other old woman. Eliana knew her look was deceptive. Sara held more power within her than any other witch Eliana had ever met. For as long as Eliana had known her, she had not changed. They had met over a hundred years ago according to Sara’s time. Their friendship had developed out of need, but was now based on respect for each other. She hoped Sara would be able to help her right Elsam’s mess. Sara’s head lifted. Looking at Eliana with her gray eyes and seeing everything, she sighed, shaking her head at her friend. 
“Elsam has caused a deeper problem than you realize my friend.”
“What have you discovered, Sara? Do you know who helped him?” Eliana whispered to her friend.
“Yes, it was one of my apprentices. Meredith has been imprisoned by Elsam for months. I only discovered her absence recently. She was on her way to visit her family, but never made it. Meredith is one of the youngest I have trained, but she is also one of the most powerful. I am not sure what she has done, but I feel the energy’s power engulfing this whole area. It is disconcerting, Eliana. I cannot decipher the spell. We have to free her to know what she has done.”
“Do you know where he was keeping her?” Eliana’s anxiousness rose at Sara’s words.
“Yes, but we need your magic to enter. I have tried to reach her, but the barrier protecting the area guards against my kind.”
“Is it far? Can we go now?” Eliana asked impatiently, as she gripped the edge of the table. 
Sara turned her head and upon seeing they were alone, she stood. Eliana rose to her feet as well, ready to follow Sara.
“Hold my hand. There is no time for regular transport. You will have to get us there using your power. See the image in my mind and take us there.” Sara gave Eliana her hand. 
Eliana took Sara’s hand, feeling the surge of the witch’s energy. Entering her mind, she saw the vision Sara was projecting and in a split second they stood in a forest. Trees towered around them in the darkness. They were miles from where they had been, somewhere in the lowlands if Eliana’s sense of direction was accurate. The silence that greeted them was unnerving. The dark night held no sounds. The air felt stagnant, hanging oppressively over them and making it difficult to breathe. Sara pointed in the direction they needed to go, already heading towards the path that lay in front of them. Within a few minutes, they stepped out from beneath the canopy of trees. In front of them lay a clearing holding a small thatched house. Eliana could feel the magic surrounding it. She took a small step towards the clearing, feeling the energy trying to repel her. Sara remained where they had exited the forest, letting Eliana test the strength of the field. Eliana put her hand out, touching the energy’s flow, testing the magic that had created it. Pulling her hand away, she centered her feelings inward, focusing her power on the barrier. The energy field fought against her attempt to disable it. It sparked, hissed angrily, resisting the attack, before finally exploding away in a bright orange flash. Eliana turned to Sara, nodding to her that she could approach. Together, they made their way to the house where Sara opened the door, but blocked Eliana from entering.
“Let me see to her before we question her. She has been through a lot,” Sara explained softly at Eliana’s questioning look.
Eliana allowed Sara to enter without her. She cursed Elsam again under her breath. She stood in front of the house wondering what they would find out. She hoped that whatever it was, it could be undone. So much depended on the peace she had managed to secure between the worlds. Her thoughts were interrupted as Sara reappeared, opening the door fully, allowing Eliana to enter.
Meredith, the young apprentice, lay on the small bed that occupied the sparsely furnished room. Her slight frame barely filled the tiny mattress. Chestnut hair, tangled and dirty, hung limply from her head. It covered part of her oval-shaped face, which was streaked with dirt and dried tears. She lay deathly still with her eyes closed. Eliana walked slowly towards the bed, sitting down on the chair next to it. She reached out her hand, touching Meredith’s brow. At her touch, the girl’s eyes flew open, terrified. She drew herself away from Eliana. Sara, having come closer to the bed, was able to stop the girl from falling off the bed in alarm.
“Meredith, do not be afraid. Queen Eliana only wants to help. She has some questions for you. Elsam has been caught and punished. He cannot hurt you any longer,” Sara gently told the girl.
Meredith, trembling, looked at Eliana with a cold look in her eyes. Even in her weakened state, she exuded a steely strength. There was more to this girl than the usual power of witchcraft that Eliana was used to feeling. Something old and potent flowed in the girl’s blood. She wondered if Sara knew about the girl’s beginnings. What they meant.  
“Where was she when he took and tortured me?” Meredith asked accusingly, breaking into Eliana’s thoughts.
“Elsam deceived and betrayed me also, Meredith,” Eliana said softly to the girl. “He has been dealt with. You have nothing to fear. You must tell us what he has had you do. We must protect our people.”
“It is out of our hands now. He thought he could use me to his ends, but I have foreseen the end. I outsmarted him.” Meredith calmly studied Eliana’s face. 
Sara and Eliana exchanged a look, both confused by what they were hearing.
“Explain Meredith, my dear,” Sara prodded.
Meredith tried to sit up, struggling to lift her own weight after what she had endured. Sara helped her lift herself in the bed, readjusting the pillows behind her back. Out of breath and wincing in pain, Meredith nodded at Sara, silently thanking her. Already the girl was starting to heal. The marks on her body faded as they spoke. Eliana did not know whether to be concerned about that. Something was different about Meredith.
“I’m all right,” she managed to breathe out. She looked at Eliana, trying to decide how much to tell the queen.
“I have placed a spell on your Kaemorra,” Meredith explained. “I could not stop him from what he was doing, but I could set forces at play that would ultimately end it. Sara, I’m sorry, I couldn’t do anything for us in our lifetime. It is in the future that others will have to save our worlds.” 
Meredith put her face in her hands, giving way to tears, silent sobs racking her body. Sara glanced at Eliana to see if she had any idea what had been done to the crystal. Eliana could only stare back, shaking her head to show that she did not understand either. Sara sat next to Meredith, reaching to take the girl’s hands away from her face. Flinching from the touch, Meredith looked up with tears on her face. She looked so lost and scared. Eliana somehow thought that this was an act. She felt nothing from the girl, no emotions at all.
“Please, Meredith,” Sara asked. “Please explain to us what has been done.”
“It was simple really,” Meredith said, looking at the queen. “I have seen it. The future line will have to save us.”
Eliana and Sara exchanged another confused look before turning to look at Meredith again. Eliana reached towards the girl, softly touching her cheek. She concentrated on the girl’s essence, sharply drawing her hand away when she saw inside her mind. Gasping, she looked at Meredith stunned. What she had seen was remarkable. It was impossible to believe what she was in the presence of. Sara was right, this girl had strong magic in her, but not in the way she thought. Now was not the time to get into it though. There were still things that could go wrong. Meredith had foreseen the future, effectively placing a spell to counteract Elsam’s, for a time that would save them all. But it still had potential for failure. Maybe together they could make sure that the elements were all in place when the time came. Eliana smiled at the girl. Meredith gave a small smile back knowing the queen had seen what she had done and understood who she was. 
“Sara, Meredith, we still have some work to do,” Eliana said to them both. “We have to finish what Meredith started. Sara, I’ll explain on the way. Help me get Meredith up and ready.” Yes, it might still be possible.

Chapter 1
Present day - Alexa

The morning rush hour over, the few cars rolling down Main Street were not in any hurry. The late autumn sun cast a shadow in front of the only coffee shop for several miles. Across the street, facing the shop, some townspeople sat on park benches, enjoying the fresh morning air. In the playground, children ran around under the watchful eyes of their caretakers. Inside the coffee shop, conversation between the few remaining patrons was hushed.
My hand held the stainless steel pitcher as steam frothed the milk. I was working as a barista at the independent coffee house aptly named, Coffee Mania. With the morning rush over, I was preparing a cappuccino for myself, hoping for some downtime. For the time being, the only sound in the store was the frothing hiss of the machine. There was only a handful of people still occupying the few tables in the back of the room. Some were whispering between friends, while others were bent over their laptops. I served the last one moments ago, leaving me with time to myself. 
Once the milk peaked, I turned the knob off, placing the pitcher on the counter. From behind me, I picked a small cup from the shelves lining the back wall. Behind the shelves, the mirror gave me a view of my pale, wan face. The freckles that were usually muted on my nose and cheeks, stood out like beacons. My light brown, shoulder-length hair was tied back with an elastic band, emphasizing my heart-shaped face and long neck. Dark, shadowed gray eyes stared back at me accusingly because of the strain they were feeling. At five-foot-three-inches tall, I could barely be seen around the big espresso machine on the counter behind me. My mother would be trying to fatten me up if she could see me. Since we had parted ways ten months previously, I had lost too much weight. The stress of work and school was getting to me. I hardly had time to fit everything in. Food was one thing I forgot about in the long daily grind I faced. 
Returning to the machine, I pressed the espresso bean coffee into the cup. Topping it with the steamed milk, I scooped the last bit of froth into the cup. Sprinkling chocolate on top, I sat on the bar stool next to me, taking my first sip of the energizing elixir. With the radio softly playing a sad love song in the background, I rested my elbows on the counter, cradling my chin in my hands. The front of the store was all windows, giving me a perfect view of the sidewalk outside and the park across the street. My thoughts turned to my mother, like they usually did when I had a free moment. We did not part on the best of terms. 
I loved my mother. She was the only constant in my life. It was just the two of us as far back as I could remember. Even though we got along well, it was difficult to put up with her nervousness and paranoia. She was always looking over her shoulder. I often wondered what made her that way. There was no talking to her when she was having one of her premonitions of danger. As long as I was a minor, there was nothing I could do about it. There had been times though when her perceptions got us out of sticky situations. If I thought about it too much I would end up as paranoid as her. 
I was born on November first in Boston. My mother related the story of my birth many times when I was younger. She lived on the island of Nantucket at the time. How she ended up pregnant and who my father was did not figure in the telling. Within a year of my birth, my mother moved us clear across the country to California. From there we made our home in numerous towns, too many to mention. My father was an abstract figure in my mind. As much as I pressed her, she would never relate any details about him. I only knew he left us when I was three.
Any memories I had started at ten-years old. I found it odd I did not have any from my earlier years. I should remember vague recollections from as early as five-years old. My mother did not offer an explanation, going out of her way to change the subject when I brought it up. Discussions with her only went as far as she wanted. 
I turned eighteen and everything changed. Her delusions were getting worse. We moved again to a small town outside New Orleans when she became obsessed yet again. Her attempts to keep me in the house, away from anyone were too much. She kept me away from school, telling me it was for my safety. We had our first blow up then. I wanted her to seek help, accused her of being delusional. I wanted answers about why she was like that. Her response was one day I would understand. For now, I must listen to her and do as she said. 
Resentment built in me slowly; forcing a confrontation that still left me feeling agonized. Our arguing started over small things, building to the final straw that broke me. Coming home, finding my things packed again, I could not take it anymore. There was no way I was continuing that endless moving around. Even her tears could not sway me. I found my chance for escape when she left to handle the final details for our move. I took the bare essentials, stuffing items in my backpack and taking only one suitcase. Leaving her a note, I rushed to the bus terminal, taking the first bus out of our latest town towards the city. Once I arrived in New Orleans, I grabbed a train, and found myself in Beverly, Massachusetts, knowing I would stay. It reminded me of another town by the ocean where I was happy.
I needed a life, somewhere to call home. Getting off the train, I inhaled the fresh salty air, feeling free for the first time in my life. I managed to take what little money I had, but it would not last for long. It was easier than I thought to find a place to stay until I figured things out. The motel I called home for the first month was nothing special, but it did provide a safe bed for the nights. The owner, a nice middle-aged lady, helped me find the job at the coffee house. It paid enough for me to get by. 
When September arrived, I enrolled in the local college’s night classes. With no idea what to major in, I was taking courses in history to fill up my credits. It was the only subject I found I was interested in. On my first day of class, I was lucky to run into another student looking for a roommate. Together we rented a two-and-a-half apartment close to my work and school. Elisabet, or Bet as she liked to be called, was happy to take the pullout couch in the living room, letting me have the small bedroom. Perky and talkative, she was the opposite of me. A loner most of my life, I never had a friend, but was pleasantly surprised to find Bet filling that void. She was a bit taller than me, similar in size with sandy blond hair and green eyes. I sometimes felt she held back on talking about herself, and other times found her staring at me unexpectedly.
With everything else going on, strange things were happening lately. I did not mention it to Bet, thinking it was my imagination. Little things misplaced at home, the feeling of being watched, waking up from disturbing dreams. I tried to push them from my mind. Bet questioned me about my nightly walks into the kitchen for water. Not wanting to worry her, I explained it away as stress. I knew she did not believe me, that I should talk to her about my unease. 
Even with all my worries, it felt good to finally be on my own. I still missed my mom though, and knew I should contact her soon. It was not something I looked forward to. Feeling guilty about abandoning her, I could not imagine how she felt, coming back to find our house empty, to find me gone. Just thinking about it made me cringe at the hurt she must feel.  
Shaking away the memories before they overwhelmed me, I focused on the present. I was waiting for Bet to arrive so we could head to the library to study. Peter, my co-worker, had already arrived to replace me. He was in the backroom getting things ready for the lunch crowd. I was all cleaned up from my shift. Peter was singing off key along to the radio, making me smile at his attempt to imitate the singer. He was a sweet guy, even if he was a bit of a nerd. Peter was always on his laptop when he was not serving a customer. We went out on one uneventful date. Both of us agreed we were better off as friends.
 My eyes drifted to the park, the direction where Bet should be approaching from. A sense of danger suddenly hit me. The feeling of being watched caused me to scan the park. I strained to see if there was anyone watching, noting the park lined with trees and the few people around. I could not shake the feeling there was someone there, hiding, studying me. The tinkling sound of the bell over the door as it was pulled open drew my attention away from the park. Bet walked in, crossing the floor to take the stool across from me. She put her backpack on the counter, leaned over to grab an almond biscotti and took a bite.
“Hi Alexa, are you free to go?” She asked with her mouth full. 
Dressed in her designer clothes, I wondered why she was living with me in our dingy apartment. I was sure she had the means to afford her own place. Just the cost of her handbag would pay for three months of our rent. The rest of her clothes would help feed me for a year. The smile on her face was genuine though. Her eyes sparkled as they crinkled at the corners. I still had fifteen minutes on my shift, but Peter would be able to cover for me. We always did favors for each other. Bet reached over the counter for another cookie. I slapped her hand away before she could take another one.
“Stop! You know they come out of my salary. Let me get my things and we can go.” I stood up to clear my cup. “Did you happen to notice anyone milling around outside?” I asked her, my eyes going to the window.
She gave me a funny look, peering over her shoulder to look outside. Shrugging, she looked back at me. “No one’s there.” Her response was followed by a smirk, but her eyes were studying me seriously.
“Never mind.” I told her. “I’ll be right back.” I cast a last look across the street at the park as the hair on my arms stood up. Shaking away the bad vibe I was getting, I stepped into the backroom to get my purse and jacket.

Chapter 2 - Aidan

The man across the street stepped away from the tree he was leaning on. His six-foot frame and broad chest with wide shoulders made him stand out. He could not linger for long out in the open. Alexa had already sensed him hidden in the shadows. That gave him pause. He should have been invisible to her. Before leaving he took a last look at the coffee shop. All was quiet for now. Pulling the collar of his leather bomber jacket up, he stuffed his hands into his front jean pockets and took off down the path in the park. Large, taut muscles covered his thighs and lower legs, straining against his clothes as he walked away. Bet would watch over the girl for the next few hours. That left him enough time to make it over to their apartment. 
Liam, his brother, was meeting him there so they could discover who was sneaking into the place when the women were absent. Bet felt the presence of someone in their place a week ago. She was sure Alexa also felt something. Her instincts were telling her the girl was starting to manifest her powers early. Spying on Alexa was becoming increasingly hard for Bet. The friendship that had developed between the two of them was real. More than once Bet asked to let Alexa know what was going on.
Aidan was not adverse to letting Alexa in on their strategy either. He thought that the sooner she was made aware of what was expected of her, the easier things would be. Unfortunately, these decisions were not his to make. Bet would need to put up with the way things were a bit longer. For now, they needed to maintain the status quo. 
It was a ten-minute walk to their apartment. Aidan took his time, knowing he must be careful of being followed. It was too quiet lately. There was no new intelligence on the people after Alexa. She still had no idea of the danger she was in. If anything was discovered at their apartment, they would extricate Alexa from her life there. Moving her someplace safe was of the utmost importance. He had a few ideas where they could take her. It all depended on what they found out. He felt a surprising and intense urgency to protect her. 
Liam was supposed to call him earlier to let him know where to meet up. The call never came. His brother was known to be reckless, to rush in, and to think later. Aidan, as the older brother, was continuously looking out for him. Now was not the time to act impulsively. Too much could go wrong. He hoped Liam was not doing anything foolish. 
Everything hinged on Alexa remaining unaware of their existence for now. Until they put their plans in order, there was no point bringing her into their world. She had no idea who or what she was. They could blame her mother for that, but in the end it made no difference as far as what they needed to do. If they could keep her hidden for a while longer, the others would not be able to find her.
It was too much to hope for. Aidan was sure it was only a matter of time before Alexa’s presence was known. Their information was limited. The enemy was always a step behind them. If they could get a lead on where their enemy was based, they might stand a chance of stopping them getting ahead on their goal. 
He asked his mother to increase the number of spies. His mother, as always, took no steps to do what he asked. She kept her own counsel, trusting only in those around her. That did not include her son. Not for the first time, he wondered what was driving her. They all had their part to play in this. His was drummed into him since his birth. He knew what was expected of him, but he was his own man. There were variables in every situation. How can I trust in something foretold hundreds of years ago? Aidan wondered.
Aidan continued on the path, his senses heightened for anyone following him. Any mistake on his part would lead them to her. A feeling of unease made him speed up his steps. Apprehension filled him as a foreign force made its presence felt. He had no idea where the threat was coming from. All he knew was they were in trouble. Someone found them.
He reached the street that cut the park into its two sections. The presence he felt was still a distance away. Should I continue on this present course and risk them discovering Alexa’s home? Aidan wondered. His cell phone vibrated, alerting him to a text. He read Liam’s message. He was already at the apartment building waiting for him. Aidan had no choice but to head there. If they were quick, they might be able to find out who searched the apartment.
Aidan glanced both ways into the traffic, running to the opposite sidewalk when he had the chance. He absently brushed a stray lock of his ebony black hair that fell in waves to his shoulders, away from his eye. The thought entered his mind that he was in desperate need of a haircut. He usually had his hair cropped. It was just one more thing lately that had been put off by the pressing matters occupying him. He picked up his pace, all the while letting his senses work to identify if he was being followed. However, it was too late to worry about it. Whoever it was, if they had any power worth mentioning, would have felt him already. He left the path, blending in with the trees, hoping it would make it more difficult to spot him. The park on this side was not as dense with trees as the other. Also it was smaller. He reached the end within minutes.
Stepping around two women who were strolling through the park, Aidan’s emerald green eyes briefly glanced at them while avoiding a collision. The women turned to look at him as he walked by, openly admiring his build as he brushed past them. His chiseled face, straight nose and enticing full lips were a sculptor's dream. Oblivious to their approving stares, he turned up the street looking for his brother.
Liam was not in front of the building where he was supposed to be. Where could he have gotten to? Aidan scanned the crowd of people walking by, but saw no sign of his brother. He held back his aggravation. Quickly sending him a text, asking for his location, Aidan waited for a response. He stepped back to rest against a tree on his side of the street, waiting for Liam to send a response. His eyes continued to check the street for his brother or anyone else who could pose a threat. 
Something was not right. He could feel the threat getting closer. With no idea yet of where it was coming from, he could do nothing but wait. He could not abandon Liam. Where the hell was he anyway? Why didn’t he respond? 
Aidan pulled out his cell phone to place a call just as an explosion rocked the street. In front of him, the apartment building they were supposed to enter was imploding, fire engulfing it. People walking by were thrown off their feet; others were fearfully staring at the remains of the building. The ground where Aidan was standing shook from the force. He grabbed the trunk of the tree next to him, righting himself as he stumbled. His shocked eyes beheld the disintegrating building, and the fireball that jumped up into the sky from the explosion. 
The presence he felt disappeared. Aidan ran across the street, helping as many people as he could to escape the spreading inferno. The apartment building was left nothing more than a pile of rubble. There was no way anyone could have escaped. The heat from the building was intense. He could hear sirens, as the fire engines approached. 
Aidan had no choice but to leave. Staring at the scene, he dialed Liam’s number, hearing it ring continuously with no answer. He hoped Liam was not inside the building when the explosion occurred. His brother should have waited for him. The unanswered call worried him. Standing, staring at the destruction in front of him, he placed the call he was dreading. The person at the other end of the line gave instructions before hanging up abruptly. Aidan took no offense at their brusque manner. He could only imagine what they were feeling. Everything was just thrown into chaos. They had to move, and quickly.
There was one more call he had to place. Bet would know what to do. She must be told about Liam. There was no hiding it from her. She would know even if he did not tell her. His voice would give him away. Hearing the sirens getting closer, he dashed across the street, into the park where he had come from. Making his way further into the shade of the trees, he stopped just before he reached the end of the park. 
Aidan centered himself, pulled his phone out again and called Bet. She answered on the first ring, her voice whispering her hello. Knowing where she was with Alexa, Aidan knew she could not talk for long. He filled her in on the events, giving her details of where they needed to go. She was silent for a few seconds, absorbing what she heard. Finally, she acknowledged his instructions, her voice breaking at the end. 
Aidan sighed, wishing he could somehow reassure her. Bet was just like Liam. She could rush off and get herself into trouble. Insisting she follow his instructions, Aidan forced her to promise to head to their destination. Bet hung up without answering him. He would have to trust she would make her way there. 



Chapter 3 - Alexa

The silence in the library did little to quiet my growing panic. I lost count how many times I reread the same sentence in the textbook lying open on the table in front of me. A feeling of dread overwhelmed me all of a sudden, making it difficult to focus on the writing in front of my eyes. Bet sat across from me, the table littered with her books, taking notes in a spiral notebook. Once in a while her eyes would lift to scan the library. I knew I would not get anymore studying done. The urgency I suddenly felt made me itching to run. Looking up from her writing, Bet noticed my nervousness. Her phone vibrated, cutting off any question she might ask me. 
Quietly, not to disturb the other occupants at the tables around us, she answered her phone. Listening to the voice on the other end, her eyes widened. I watched her with growing apprehension as tears formed in her eyes. Answering a quick yes, she hung up and started stuffing books in her backpack. 
“Alexa, we have to go. Something happened.” She said, rushing to help me pick up my books. 
“What is it?” Her panicked voice increased the unease I was already feeling. 
“I’ll tell you as much as I can while we drive.” Her explanation made no sense. I had no idea she owned a car. 
“Please, no questions for now. I need to think and get us there safely.” She offered in response to my confused look.
My foreboding returned. The sense of something wrong tore through me, scaring me with its intensity. I followed Bet out of the library, matching her steps as we turned the corner. Coming up to a small compact car, she unlocked the doors with a remote, pointing to me to get behind the wheel. Walking around the front, she slipped into the passenger side waiting for me to get in.
“Come on, Alexa, get in. We must get out of here.” She called out to me from inside the car.
I stood motionless, hesitant to follow her direction. I could tell she was anxious, worried and something more I did not understand. For the first time, I wondered if I knew her as well as I thought. What happened to cause the fear emanating from her? 
“We have to get out of here. Get in!” She repeated more forcefully, while sliding the key in the ignition.
I got in the car, shut the door and gunned the engine. Making sure to put my seat belt on, I pulled out into traffic. Bet sat next to me silently. I glanced over at her, but her eyes stared ahead unfocused. I was hoping she would start talking to let me know what was going on. Seeing an entrance to a restaurant parking lot coming up, I pulled into it. I parked the car in one of the spaces, turning towards her. She was staring straight ahead in what looked like a daze.
“Bet, you’re scaring me. Say something.” I gave her shoulder a gentle push.
She blinked, finally focusing on me. Tears she was holding back started flowing from her eyes. She was starting to completely freak me out. What the hell was happening?
“Bet, what is it? Please tell me what’s going on.” My knuckles turned white, as I gripped the steering wheel.
“We have to go, Alexa. They are waiting for us. Drive. I’ll tell you where to go. Just don’t head back to our apartment. It’s not safe there. There was an explosion in the building.”
“I’m not going anywhere until you tell me what’s going on. What explosion? Was it a gas line?” How did this make any sense? Where were we going?
“We don’t have time. I’ll explain everything once we get there. It’s not safe for either of us out in the open.” Bet begged.
Feeling in my gut I would not get anything out of her, and that whatever scared her could be real, I did as she said. I drove. She gave me directions as we went along. Turn here; turn there, nothing more than that. From what I could make out we were heading out of town. She had me on the freeway going south. The afternoon traffic was light, which let me keep to the speed limit.
“Should we call someone?” I worried out loud.
“It’s been taken care of.” Bet answered me back. “Take the next exit, turn left at the stop. We still have a ways to go.”
I followed her directions. What else could I do? I drove for another hour, going straight as she told me. She still seemed lost in her thoughts. At times, I thought I saw her lips moving as if she was in conversation with someone, but I could not make out what she said. As we approached a fork in the road she told me to go right. Another fifteen minutes and the sun was setting. Soon we would be driving in the dark. I had no idea how much further we had to go. 
“Turn in on this side road coming up.” She guided me again.
I turned where she said, following a winding dirt road. Darkness now surrounded us. With no street lights, I was driving slower to keep on the road. Rounding a bend, I saw lights in the distance. I glanced at Bet who nodded at me that this was our destination. I continued driving, glad to at least have an end in sight. The road ended in a circular driveway in front of an immense house. Gray stone exterior walls were illuminated with spotlights in each corner giving the structure an eerie look. Two floors made up the house. I could see no lights in the upstairs windows. I counted twenty windows on the top floor with just as many on the first level. I was impressed by its size. All around, large trees blocked the view of the road we had come in on. The complete darkness was broken by the spotlights and the light coming from the main floor of the house, where the front door now stood open. I guessed we had arrived.
I slowly pulled up behind an already parked car. With trembling fingers, I put the car into park and cut the engine. Did I really want to know what was going on? Maybe I could leave Bet here and find my way back to town. Bet opened her door, stepping out into the cool night air. She looked at me, waving her hand for me to follow her. I had no choice but to follow her. I knew I would never be able to find my way back without her. Getting out of the car, I followed her to the front door. The man who opened the door pulled Bet into his arms hugging her as she started to cry. Standing just inside the door, I could only watch as she sobbed in his arms. There was no denying something awful had happened. 
The man looked at me over Bet’s shoulder with sadness in his eyes. As her sobs died down he pulled away, gathering her into the crook of his arm. He guided her into the house, stopping when he felt I was still standing at the door.
“Please join us, Alexa.” He spoke to me. “My name is Rider. It’s a pleasure to finally meet you. I only wish the circumstances were better.” 
Not knowing how to answer him, I stepped through the doorway. The entrance hall, with a white marble floor and delicate rose-petaled papered walls, was a small square space. In front of me, wide sweeping stairs led to the second level. To my right, I could see two doorways. One was all the way to the back of the house, past the stairs, with its door closed. To my immediate right, only steps away, the closer doorway led to an open living room. I closed the front door behind me, following them into the large living area. Rider guided Bet to a couch. After making sure she was seated comfortably, he turned to me, motioning me to take a seat as well. 
The living room, from what I could see, took up almost the whole first level of the house. In the foremost part, where I stood by the doorway, there were black leather sofas set up in front of a grand fireplace. Coffee tables were placed in front of each sofa, under which a plush white rug covered the floor. In the rearmost of the room, large reading tables were surrounded by floor to ceiling bookcases. The decor was warmed by the mahogany wood beams running the length of the ceiling. I could see priceless artifacts, statues and vases displayed around the room. The fireplace held a blazing fire, which was warming the room. I lingered in the doorway not sure why I was there. 
Bet had finally cried herself out, and sat lost in her thoughts. I walked over to her, sitting down beside her. At a loss as to what I could do to help her, I took her hand in mine. She squeezed it to acknowledge me. 
“It won’t be long. The meeting is almost over.” The man, Rider, said.
“Is Aidan here? I didn’t feel him.” Bet asked.
“Yes, he arrived not long before you did. He is safe.” Rider answered her, while studying me.
Noise from the hall caused us to turn to see who it was. Footsteps were approaching us. Another man entered the room and Bet ran to embrace him. Almost a foot and a half taller than her, his well-defined, muscular arms, wrapped around her.
“Aidan, thank heavens you’re safe. I couldn’t lose you too.” She clung to him.
“You know me better than that little sister.” Aidan said gently, looking past Bet to me. His green eyes probed mine. For some reason, the way he stared at me made me uncomfortable. 
“Are they still at it?” Aidan asked Rider, still holding me trapped in his stare.
“Yes, not all have arrived yet, but the ones here should be finished soon. I’ll go see what is keeping them.”
Rider left the room, giving me the opportunity to break away from the green eyes keeping me captive. Nervousness had me looking for something to do. Deciding to sit before my legs gave out from under me, I walked over to one of the sofas. Bet, accompanied by her brother, came and sat on the sofa facing me. I kept my gaze on my hands, which were clenched together on my lap. The silence stretched between us as we sat waiting for Rider to return. Making the mistake of glancing up to look at the two, I found Aidan still looking at me, curiosity showing on his face. His green eye sparkled as they reflected the fire dancing in the fireplace. With his arm wrapped around Bet, he sat with his long legs stretched out in front of him almost touching my feet. Bet had her head on his chest. The arm wrapped around her flexed as he stroked her. His black T-shirt was tight across his broad chest, leaving little to the imagination. Every curve of muscle was displayed. His jeans covering his legs were stretching from thighs that even in repose were straining the fabric. 
He was really good looking, and from what I could tell he knew it. His eyes crinkled when a slow grin formed on his lips. What did I expect? With his looks he must be used to women staring at him. Raising his eyebrow at my continued gaze, I felt an inexplicable anger rise in me. I was surprised at the instant dislike I felt towards him. He was too sure of himself. I was not impressed by his arrogance. 
I yanked my eyes away from his at the sound of a door closing somewhere in the house. Voices rose as they approached us. Rider came back into the room followed by two men and a woman. Seeing us in the room they stopped speaking. While the man and woman went over to Bet and her brother, Rider came over to stand in front of me. 
“Alexa, your mother will be here soon. Once she is, we will explain everything to you. This is something she should have done a long time ago. In the meantime, I will show you to your room.” Rider said to me.
“What, wait, I don’t understand. What room? My mom is coming here?” I said, feeling more confused than ever.
“Go with him. Please.” I heard Bet say. 
I turned to look at her as she rose from her spot on the couch. She took my hands in hers, her eyes pleading with me to go along with whatever was going on. Her brother also stood, looking at me. He nodded I should go with Rider. I ignored him; not sure following his direction was to my benefit. Bet looked at her brother, then back at me. She placed a hand on his shoulder, drawing his attention away from me. Some communication seemed to pass between them. He gave a short laugh before stepping away from us. 
“Please Alexa, go with Rider.” Bet seemed about to start crying again. 
Not wanting to cause Bet anymore pain, I turned and followed Rider out of the room. He guided me to the stairway leading up to the second floor. The hallway on the second floor stretched on both sides along the length of the house. Rider led me down the corridor, opening the last door at the end. I stepped into the room looking around at the spaciousness within. A canopy bed in the center of the room was decorated with deep purple pillows on a crimson bedspread. The walls were a beautiful delicate rose color. In front of a bay window sat a reclining chair, the table next to it held some books on it. I walked further into the room, stepping in front of the window to look out. The darkness outside was all encompassing. You could not see anything distinguishable outside. I had so many questions swirling through my head. 
“I’ll leave you to rest. I know you have questions, but we have to wait for your mother. Try to lie down for a while.” Rider said, as he started leaving the room.
“Wait,” I said. “Who are you? What is this place?”
Thinking he was not going to answer me, I took a step towards him. He turned around and looked at me with sadness in his eyes. I was struck at the look, wondering why he would look at me like that.
“My real name is Edward, but everyone calls me Rider.” He finally answered me. “I’ve known your mother a long time. It will make sense when your mother gets here.”
“There is a bathroom through there.” He pointed to the other door in the room. “I’ll see you soon.”
He left the room, closing the door soundlessly. I stood staring at the closed door, feeling like I was in some sort of nightmare. Not knowing what to do with myself, I stepped towards the bathroom. Entering, I flicked on the light, getting a view of my face in the mirror over the sink. I took in the dark circles under my eyes and the washed out color of my face. I glanced at my watch to see it was past midnight. I had hardly slept the night before and the day’s events took everything out of me. 
I walked to the sink and turned on the cold water. Leaning over, I splashed water on my face. As I reached for a towel to dry off, I saw a faint red glow on my left shoulder and reached with my hand to touch it. My hand touched my shoulder, but whatever I saw disappeared. Great, now I was seeing things. 
I went back into the bedroom, walked to the reclining chair next to the window and sat down. Picking up one of the books, I examined it slowly. It looked like a journal of some sort. I opened it, seeing nothing written as I scanned the pages. As I was closing it, I thought I saw something on one of the pages, but when I leafed through it again I saw nothing but blank pages. My lack of sleep was affecting me. Now I was imagining, hallucinating. First the red glow and now writing where there was none. 
Putting the book back on the table, I let myself lie back in the chair. I tried to still my mind, to relax. My mom would be there soon. She would explain things and then we would leave. I had no idea how these people knew her. Trying to find a comfortable position on the chair, I reclined back, resting my head facing the window. Outside the night sky flickered with stars. My eyes grew heavy staring out into the blackness. I tried to stay awake, but within minutes sleep claimed me. 
My dreams relived the day’s events. Voices around me were telling me to run. I was stuck in a never-ending corridor as I ran through it. It went on forever. A light was leading my way as I ran. I followed the light hoping it would lead me out. Rounding one corner after another my panic grew, terrified I was trapped and there was no exit. Making another turn, I found myself floating in a cloud. The brightness after being in the darkened corridor blinded me. A sense of calm took over as I floated in the softness of the space surrounding me. A voice was whispering something I could not make out. Opening my eyes slowly, as they adjusted to the light, I saw a beautiful angel appear before me. Her long chestnut hair flowed around her as if there were no gravity. She smiled at me and I smiled back. She was so beautiful. She reached out her hand, touching my cheek. I heard her thoughts through our connection. 
“Alexa.” Her words sounded in my head. “I have been waiting for you. Follow your path and know I am with you.”
She looked away from me at something behind her. Whatever she saw was hidden from my view. Her eyes came back to me, smiling again.
“Do not worry. You will find the way when the time comes.” She gazed at me before turning away, fading into returning darkness.
Wait, I wanted to tell her. Stay. The cloud that held me faded along with her, and I was tumbling down in a free fall. I flayed my arms about, but there was nothing to grab onto as I fell. Petrified, I screamed as I continued falling.

Chapter 4 - Aidan

Aidan’s thoughts were on his brother. Standing in front of the patio doors in the living room, his eyes were unfocused, staring out the window. Bet had finally drifted off to sleep, curled up on one of the sofas. Once in a while she would mumble something in her sleep, forcing his attention back to her. His mind would touch upon hers long enough to calm her back to sleep. 
Liam had not been in contact with anyone. The longer he was missing, the more everyone thought he did not make it out of the smoldering apartment building. Aidan could not, would not, believe that. Surely he would have felt his brother’s life end. They were connected for a reason. My brother must have found a way to get out before the apartment building was destroyed. He was the most attuned to his environment of all of them. 
Everything was falling apart. His belief they were running on someone else’s timeline was proving right. He had long suspected they had a mole, someone helping the other side. They needed to isolate themselves from whoever that was. His mother was no help. She had her own agenda, with her own motives. Not that she ever confided in him. Their last meeting ended as it usually did, with him frustrated with her inability to offer any details on what he needed to know. 
Now, here they were, once again thrown off course. How am I to plan when I have no idea where the next threat could come from? Aidan thought. The woman upstairs was crucial to all their well-beings. He hoped she would be up to all that was expected of her. The fact she had no idea how important she was added to his dilemma. There was something about Alexa he did not understand. She affected him emotionally. He should have no feelings towards her. In the end, they would both have to go their own way. If they succeeded, his people would have their home back. Alexa would be with her people, where she belonged. Why does that thought wrap me up in knots? Why does the idea of never seeing her again matter to me?
He was captivated by her face, her eyes the first time he saw her. A longing he never experienced before had him offering to watch over her, when he should be doing something more productive. His brother questioned him about it once, but Aidan brushed it off. How to explain this pull I feel from her? He needed to focus on the matters in front of him. It was getting more difficult to concentrate on anything other than her. Now that she was close to him, his mind wandered, his focus was being consumed by her.
This would all be so much simpler if his mother would share all she knew. Everyone had their own interpretation of what was to happen. Besides his race, there were other beings that had much to lose if things did not work out. That was where the problems arose. He had no idea who else might be involved. He would need to look elsewhere if he was to get any answers. Ideas floated through his mind, thoughts on how to accomplish that.
Being the oldest son of the reigning queen, he was next in line to rule his people. Why do I feel as though my mother thinks I’m unworthy? Aidan wondered. As a young boy she never spent time with him, avoiding him as much as possible. There was always sadness in her whenever she looked at him. How did I hurt her? What can I do to make her realize I still need her approval? 
Mulling in self-pity would not help him. He needed to be strong for what they would all have to face. Alexa’s mother may have some insight he was unaware of. When she arrived, he would make sure to speak to her alone. All their futures were tied together. There was so much being kept from him. If he did not get answers soon, he would take matters into his own hands. 
He heard Rider entering the room, walking over to stand next to him. Rider placed a hand on his shoulder trying to comfort him. There was much to do, things needed to be planned for the coming days, but Aidan had no idea where to start. Alexa’s safety was more important to him than anything else. Thinking about her now brought back that puzzling sensation. Even with her out of sight, he felt her presence inside of him. She was asleep somewhere upstairs, dreaming he hoped peacefully. Her reaction to him surprised him. He smiled as he remembered her brief anger at him for studying her. She would be a challenge.
“How is she doing?” Aidan asked Rider, his eyes still staring outside.
“She’s scared. She has no idea what’s going on. Her mother should have prepared her.” Rider answered back, his emotions showing his frustration.
Aidan understood how Rider was feeling. He had more reason than anyone to question how Thalia, Alexa’s mom, handled things. They would be better prepared to protect her out in the open if she understood who and what she was. Sending them, clandestinely, to watch out for her made things difficult. When Thalia called to say Alexa took off, they scrambled to put Bet in place as her roommate. Bet was worried how Alexa would take finding out she was sent to watch out for her. Alexa had become her friend. She felt she was being dishonest with her.
“When will Thalia get here? The sooner we can move out to a safer location the better I will feel.” Aidan looked over at Rider as he spoke.
“She should be here by morning. Where do you think we can go that we won’t be found? We need to keep her safe till her next birthday.” Rider was referring to Alexa’s nineteenth birthday, which was about two months away.
“There are only a few places where we could be completely safe. My mother will also be here shortly. There are too many things that can go wrong.” Aidan was worried the person who was after Alexa was always one step behind them. It was too much of a coincidence. 
Bet stirred on the sofa, waking slowly from her sleep. Aidan moved to her side instantly, sitting next to her as she sat up. He could tell the moment everything came back to her. As tears formed in her eyes, he scooped her up in his arms, comforting her. 
“You need to sleep some more, Bet. Let me take you to one of the bedrooms. You’ll rest better there.” He whispered to her. Without waiting for a reply, he picked her up effortlessly, cradling her in his arms as he walked from the room. He glanced back at Rider before exiting.
“I’ll see you in the morning.” He told the other man.
Aidan took the stairs to one of the bedrooms on the second level, deposited Bet on the bed and sat down beside her. She lay curled on her side, holding on to Aidan’s hand. 
“Go to sleep. I need to take care of something. If you need anything reach out to me.” He smoothed her hair out of her face. Bet held onto his hand, her eyes pleading with him not to leave her. Putting aside what he needed to do, he lay down next to her. She curled herself into his side, closing her eyes. Her breathing eventually slowed; finally she drifted off to sleep again. He waited to make sure she was really out, touching her mind gently with his, making sure her dreams would be peaceful. Easing slowly away from her, he stood, careful not to wake her. Glancing back one last time, he exited the room, closing the door softly behind him.
Aidan ran a hand over his face, standing outside the door, making a decision. Bet might resent it, but he knew she needed someone to lean on. There was only so much a brother could do. He walked down the hall stopping in front of Alexa’s door. His hand came to rest against it, feeling her inside, restlessly sleeping. It fascinated him how he could feel her presence so strongly. Until now he only had this ability with his close family. Taking his hand away, he continued to the door across the hall. He entered, walking to sit on the bed after pulling his phone out. Punching in the number, he waited for the person on the other end to answer. 
“You need to get here. She needs you.” He told the person on the other end.
Chapter 5 - Alexa

I woke up with a start, almost falling out of the chair I was sleeping in. Bright sunlight was filtering through the window. The events of the previous day rushed back to me. I swung my legs to the floor and stood stretching my aching muscles. A nagging feeling I was dreaming something important followed me into the bathroom where I stared at my reflection. How can I look rested on the little sleep I was able to get? Deciding to take a shower, I turned the water on to warm. I stripped off the wrinkled clothes I slept in and stepped into the bath. The feel of the hot spray soothed the remaining kinks from my body. I quickly washed my hair, turned the water off after rinsing and wrapped myself in the large bath towel that hung from a peg on the wall. Having no other clothes with me, I dressed in the same clothes from the day before. Towel drying my hair, I combed it out, leaving it damp. 
Bracing myself for what lay outside the room, I walked to the door hesitantly, listening for any sounds from the other side. I cracked the door open slowly, stuck my head out, scanning the hallway. Seeing no one I stepped outside my room. From somewhere below, I could hear voices. Following the sounds, I made my way down the stairs, stopping at the last step as the voices became recognizable. My mother had arrived. She was in the living room with Rider. I approached the doorway soundlessly.
“It wasn’t time.” She was saying. “I wanted so much for her to have a normal life.”
“You should have prepared her, Thalia. Her life was almost lost yesterday.” The angry voice of Rider answered her back.
“I know that, Rider. Don’t think I haven’t been second guessing myself since she took off. Don’t assume that you care more for her than I do.” My mom’s voice broke.
Why would Rider care about me? Their conversation came to a stop when they saw me standing in the doorway. My mom looked from Rider to me and back again. She had a guarded look in her eye. Rider took a step towards me, but my mom’s hand touched his arm, holding him back. Walking towards me, she stopped in front of me, taking my face in her hands studying me. Pulling me into her arms, she hugged me as I felt a deep sigh escape her lips. My arms wrapped around her holding her tight. It felt like she did not want to let me go. Looking over her shoulder at Rider, he was looking at us with tears in his eyes. 
I reluctantly pulled myself out of her arms sensing I was not going to like what they had to say. My mom took my hand, pulling me further into the room as Rider stepped out of our way. He seemed about to say something before he glanced at my mom, who shook her head at him. Rider lowered his head and walked to stand in front of the patio doors giving us space. Mom sat on one of the couches, her head indicating she wanted me to sit next to her. 
“How are you?” She asked me, as I sat down beside her.
“What’s going on, Mom? Why are we here and who are these people?” I asked, instead of answering her question. 
For a second, I thought she might not answer me. She looked at Rider, who simply stood waiting to see what she would say. 
“Mom, answer me. What is going on?”
“I have much to tell you. It may not all make sense, but hear me out first. I’ll answer all your questions after. How much do you remember from before you were ten?” Her question surprised me.
“Ten.” I looked at her perplexed. “Not much. Only it was the first time we moved.”
“Yes, it was. There was a reason we moved and continued moving. It was to keep you safe.”
I tried to get up, but her hand reached out, forcing me to sit back down. She wanted to discuss this now. When I asked her questions before, she avoided giving me answers. Why was this important now?
“Listen to me. Please. When you were ten, there was an incident at your school. There was an explosion similar to what happened yesterday. Your dad and I tried to get to you, but you had vanished. We searched for you everywhere, but no one had seen you.”
“Wait.” I interrupted her. “My dad? You told me my dad left when I was three.”
“He didn’t. Let me finish. As we searched for you, your father felt you were still alive. He followed your essence to the basement of the school where he found you hiding under a desk. The room was completely destroyed, but you were safe under all the rubble. We took you out with no one seeing you. Everyone thought you died along with all the other children. We let them think that. As soon as we could, we moved away. Your father, to protect us, stayed away from us. We blocked your memories of your father, replacing them with new ones, ones where you believed you never knew him. So we moved on with our lives. I tried to do the best I could to keep you safe. Now we have no choice. They’ve found out you’re still alive and they will be coming back to finish what they started. It is time for you to know who you are, where you come from.”
As she finished speaking, she looked at Rider again. He approached us, and then knelt in front of me. Taking my hands in his he looked at me with a slight smile on his face. I could feel what they were going to say. I did not know if I was ready for it. 
“Alexa.” Rider said looking into my eyes. “I’m your father.”
I looked at my mom and saw her acknowledgment. Looking back at Rider, his expression willing me to believe him, I pulled my hands away from his. Rising from the couch, I bolted from the room. I ran as I heard my mom telling him to give me time. Not knowing where to go to get away from them, I ran to the front door, pulling it open. My feet continued to carry me outside, making for the trees surrounding the house. I kept running until I was out of breath. Stopping, I let myself fall to the ground as tears ran down my face. My whole life was a lie. My dad was alive, but a stranger to me. My mom was someone I did not know. How could they do this to me? What would my memories of him have been? Were they happy? I felt violated. I wanted all the memories back. Every single memory they stole from me.
Lying down on the soft grass surrounded by the trees, I thought back to what she told me. The explosion yesterday was because of me. I thought of all the people who may have lost their lives. The children from my old school died because of me. Was I responsible for all those deaths? If I had known, would I have been able to stop it from happening? Why was I being protected, and from what? Nothing made sense. I stayed there as my tears dried, not ready to go back. The sun rose high in the sky as I tried to make sense of things. Slowly sounds entered my senses. The clanging of metal reached my ears. I lifted my head trying to make out where the noise was coming from. I stood, walking quietly towards the sound. The soft grass under my feet muffled my approach to a clearing.
In the center of a field two men were fighting. I could hear them teasing, laughing with each other as they made moves and counter moves. Their bare chests shone with sweat as they used gleaming swords to strike at each other. I sat down near the clearing watching the flow of their movements. The man facing me was tall and fluid in his attempts to disarm the other. Long blond hair tied at his nape had come loose. Wet tendrils lashed at his eyes as he moved to avoid a jab from his rival. He let out a laugh as he avoided another parry from the other man. His height and build could easily outmatch his opponent, but the other man was quicker on his feet. 
As they flipped around I saw that the other man was Aidan. Without his being aware of me, I was able to freely look at him for the first time. His strong arms easily fended off the strikes sent his way. Like a dancer he glided through his moves. Low hugging jeans lay loosely below his ripped abs, riding low beneath his waist. The material stretched across his muscled thighs as they flexed. Sweat dripped down his broad-shouldered back. He was easily the better of the two at swordplay. I caught my breath when in one flick of his wrist he disarmed the man, sending the sword flying high into the air. It landed, sticking into the earth in front of me, as they both stopped, noticing me sitting there. They stood glistening in the sun staring at me, their expressions shocked. Aidan was the first to speak.
“Hi Alexa, how did you get here?” He looked surprised to see me.
Trying to find my words, I could only stare back at him. He walked casually towards me, each step accentuating the way his leg muscles filled his jeans. My throat went dry as I watched him approach. My eyes landed on his naked chest taking in his incredibly taut stomach. I cleared my throat, forcing my eyes back to his. His penetrating gaze searched my face, as a bewildered expression came over his face. Standing up, I faced both of them not understanding why they were looking at me strangely.
“I didn’t mean to interrupt you. I heard the sound of the swords and followed it here.” I stammered.
“Really?” The other man said. “That’s incredible.”
Aidan was looking at me with disbelief. Not knowing what was causing their reaction, I stepped back thinking I should head back to the house. When I turned around, all I saw was a thick blanket of white fog surrounding me. The forest had vanished. I turned back to look at Aidan and the other man. Aidan came closer to me, putting his hand on my shoulder. 
“Don’t be scared. I’ll get you back.” 
“Where am I?” I asked confused, not liking the effect his hand touching me was causing. 
“Come, let’s go back. Elron, thank-you for the practice.” He said to the other man.
Aidan put his hand on my lower back, gently pushing me forward. He led me through the smoky cloud, the forest materialized in front of us out of nowhere. Guiding me through the dense woods, we reached the path leading to the house. I turned to thank him, but my words caught in my throat. His green eyes flashed at me with an intense emotion I could not name. A slow smile pulled on the corner of his lips. One of his eyebrows rose as I stared at him. He seemed to lean towards me, the distance between us becoming smaller. For some reason, his action brought out instant anger in me. I was astounded at his ego. He was good looking. So what! I was not interested. Taking a step back, I mumbled a quick thank-you and took off in a run back to the house. His laugh followed me all the way back.

Chapter 6 - Aidan
Aidan was at a loss to understand what just happened. He was astounded at the intense feeling that seized him. He watched Alexa sprint to the house, leaving the remnants of her anger behind. She entered the house, disappearing from his sight. For a moment he heard her thoughts, felt the emotions that made her run away. She was doing things she should not be able to do. How was this possible? It should not be, she had not yet reached her maturity. Even then, she was not related to him, it should be impossible to have such a strong sense of her. He laughed aloud again at what she thought of him. Did he really come across so full of himself? A smile continued to rest on his lips at the idea he irritated her so completely.
Elron appeared beside him, the same question was on his mind. How did she find them? Aidan had no answer to give. 
“She should not have been able to see us.” Elron voiced aloud.
“Yes. It’s puzzling. She is stronger than we thought.” Aidan worried about her. The protectiveness he felt was also getting out of control. He could sense her standing in the entranceway of the house, her anger at him still inflaming her. She did not know what to make of him. They had that in common. He did not know why she was affecting him either.
“Are we going to stand out here for much longer?” Elron smirked at Aidan.
Aidan returned Elron’s smirk. He started walking down the path with his friend following. They entered the house finding Thalia and Rider in the main room. They were both sitting close, whispering softly. They broke apart when he entered with Elron.
“Aidan, have you seen Alexa?” Thalia nervously asked him.
“I think you need to explain to me fully what she is.” Aidan was tired of things being kept from him. His own mother was withholding information. If he was to fulfill his part, he needed to know what he was facing.
“So, it has started.” She focused on him, her statement making no sense to him. “I can’t tell you until your mother arrives. A little more time, Aidan, that’s all I’m asking for.”
“We are running out of time.” Aidan ran his hand through his hair, frustrated at being put off again. 
Thalia walked slowly to stand in front of Aidan. She placed her hand on his arm, her eyes studying his face, searching for something. Aidan felt her power flow through him. Whatever she was doing, he felt his emotions come back under control. 
“Was she very upset?” Thalia asked him, removing her hand from his arm.
“I gather you told her Rider is her father. How do you think she is feeling?” Aidan looked from her to Rider, who came to join them.
“Yes, I’ve already been put to task by Rider, so don’t start as well. What I did was the only thing I could think of. Your mother had her part in it as well. We need to focus on the now.” Thalia returned to sit on one of the chairs. 
Aidan followed her, taking a seat as well. She was right. There was nothing they could do about the way things had been handled. All they could do was look forward and make sure things did not get out of control. Elron advanced further into the room, balancing his sword against his chair. 
“I think you should tell them where we found her.” Elron said to Aidan. Thalia looked curious at the statement.
“What do you mean? Where was she?” Rider asked in Thalia’s place. Rider came nearer, now just as puzzled at Elron’s remark.
Aidan was not sure he should let them know Alexa found her way there. He glanced at Elron, silencing him with a look. Elron raised his eyebrow, understanding Aidan wanted to keep that quiet for now. 
“Elron, can you please check on Bet? I haven’t heard from her today.” Aidan asked him. Elron sighed, stood and picked up his sword. Hoping Aidan knew what he was doing, he gave a slight bow to them before leaving the room. 
“Where was she?” Thalia insisted on knowing.
Aidan came to the decision this may be something to keep to himself for now. He thought of what to say before answering. It might be a good thing if no one was aware of Alexa’s abilities. The need to protect her was part of the reason. He was also not sure who to trust.
“In the forest. She seemed to be lost.” Aidan finally answered.
From the look she gave him, he knew she did not believe him. There was nothing he could do about that. Looking to change the subject, he asked a question of his own.
“Is there any way to get Alexa’s abilities to start early?” 
Thalia looked at him strangely for a moment. She turned to Rider, where they seemed to be having a private conversation of sorts. With a puzzled look, she faced Aidan again. There was something she was trying to hide from him. 
“Not that I am aware of. Is there something you want to share with us?” Thalia was avoiding his eyes as she asked.
Aidan was sure she was aware of what was going on with Alexa. His senses buzzed with warnings to tread carefully. Taking his senses into consideration, he answered her, hiding what he knew.
“I only wondered if it was something we could force.” Aidan paid attention to her face, waiting to see if she would give anything away. 
Thalia rose from her chair and faced Rider who came to stand beside her. They both looked apprehensive. Aidan wondered what had them so worried. His mother told him Alexa would only come into her powers on her birthday. Was that another lie? From Thalia’s reaction, he felt there was more to it. He stood as well, drawing their attention. 
“Aidan, we need to know, did you see anything that indicates Alexa has used her powers?” Rider asked.
Aidan sighed, wishing he knew how to answer. He did not see Alexa do anything. The fact she was able to get to where they were practicing should not have been possible. He was now worried as well. 
“I did not see her do anything, but is it possible she started the change already? Is there any reason to think that?” Aidan was beginning to realize she had.
“Aidan, it’s not possible, unless…” Thalia seemed to come to some realization. Her eyes met Aidan’s.
“What? Unless what?” Aidan pressed for an answer.
“It shouldn’t be possible. Aidan, I need to see Alexa to be sure.” Thalia started to walk to the door. 
“Wait. Not yet. She’s already upset enough. Don’t bother her yet.” Aidan stopped Thalia from leaving the room.
Thalia turned and gave him a look. Yes, he knew exactly what Alexa was doing. She was still upset. His need to watch out for her was just as strong as earlier. Thalia knew he could sense Alexa. Her expression was one of surprise, but also understanding. Someone needed to explain to him why he was experiencing these feelings for her.
“Aidan, just give us till your mother gets here. Both you and Alexa need to be told at the same time. We can’t hide this from either of you anymore. Your survival depends on it.” Rider was the one who spoke.
“You have all been deceiving us, haven’t you?” Aidan replied harshly. “Know this; my only concern is Alexa right now. If she is harmed you will answer to me!”
His response stunned them all, including Aidan himself. Where did that come from? He needed to reign in his emotions. Growling in frustration, he strode out of the room, bypassing Thalia who tried to reach out to him. There was only one place he could go to vent his anger. He needed to blow off some steam by punching something. The gym would do. 

Chapter 7 - Alexa

I managed to make it to my room with no one seeing me. Running by the living room, I heard my mom’s voice. Knowing I was not ready to see her yet, I took the stairs two at a time; reaching my bedroom I closed the door behind me. I had too many questions that needed answering. Fear of what I would find out, made me want to run away, hide in blissful ignorance. Leaning with my back against the door, I felt churning emotions take control of me. Anger took hold of me, my jaw clenching from how strong it was. Instinctively, I knew it was not my emotion. I tried to identify who it was coming from. Closing my eyes, Aidan’s face came into my mind, his tense face showing it was his emotion gripping me. 
How was that possible? Breathing unsteadily, I opened my eyes and walked over to the bed. Sitting on the edge, I focused on relaxing, forcing the turbulent feeling to ebb. Was I losing my mind? What was wrong with me? Tears sprang to my eyes. I lay down on the bed, curled into a fetal position, and let them flow freely. Sobs racked my body. Grabbing the pillow, I pressed it to my mouth to muffle the sounds coming from me. I had not cried so much in a long time. The memories of that time were still fresh in my mind. They were from the time when my mother first moved us. The loss of friends, of being ripped from the safety of all I knew was when all that started. What more was coming my way? 
I lay like that for a while, trying to understand what I had learned so far. The anger from Aidan was fading. His presence was still there, but muted. The way he looked at me, like I was ready to fall all over him. Did he really mean to kiss me, back there in the forest? The guy was most assuredly spoiled. Women probably fell for his act all the time. Well, not this one! It made no difference I could feel his emotions. I must be going crazy. What else could explain what was going on? Why was I here? What did these people want of me? How did my mother figure into all this? 
Sitting up, I resolved to get answers, whether these people wanted to give them or not. I knew I was stronger than this. My emotions under control, I understood that I needed to come up with a plan. There was not much I could do yet, but they would answer my questions and then I would make decisions. 
A soft knock on the door brought me out of my thoughts. I wiped the tears from my eyes, resolving to face things head on. There was no point in avoiding things any longer. A fleeting thought it might be Aidan made me want to tell him to get lost. I stopped, sensing, feeling, and then knew it was not him. I did not know how, but I was sure I would have felt him. The person on the other side of the door was Bet. Her soft knock came again.
“Come in, Bet.” I called out to her.
The door opened slowly, her head poking in. She had a puzzled look on her face as she stood in the doorway. We faced each other for the first time since she dragged me into this mess. I had come to see her as a sister. How much of it was a lie?
“Alexa, is it all right if I come in?” She asked me hesitantly. “Aidan was worried about you.”
I started at his name. Why would he be worried about me? I could sense him standing somewhere outside in the hallway. I could feel his energy, his anxiousness from where he was. Bet waited for me to reply, seeing my reaction to his name. 
“I’m fine.” I stammered, trying to get control of his and my own emotions. It angered me anew that he was able to affect me. Bet glanced behind her into the hallway. Only a slight move of her head indicated I was right. Aidan was standing near her. She quickly shut the door, walking up to me and wrapping her arms around me.  
“I’m so sorry. I didn’t want to lie to you.” She whispered, as I stiffened in response. Feeling fresh tears forming, I pulled away from her, walking to the window. These waterworks needed to stop. I took a deep breath, turning to face her. 
“Were you ever my friend?” I accused her, hurt she was a part of this.
“Always!” Bet forcefully told me. “From the start.”
From out of nowhere, I felt her anguish, her wish I would accept what she said as the truth. The waves of remorse coming from her were real. They crashed into me, staggering me with their intensity. My legs gave out from under me as the onslaught of emotions hit me. What was happening to me? I landed on my knees. Her worried expression slowly brought me back as her emotions calmed. As much as I felt betrayed, I also knew she was not lying. She was honestly sorry over her part in the deception. Offering me a slight smile, she took my hand, pulling me up to sit with her on the bed. 
Aidan’s presence had disappeared. He was no longer standing outside in the hallway. I did not know how to feel about his absence. Why was I so attuned to him? I was desperate to understand these sudden emotions that were overwhelming me.  
“What’s going on, Bet? What is happening to me?” I was seriously thinking I was losing my mind.
“I know you need answers. They’ve called a meeting in an hour from now. My mom will be here also. She will answer all your questions.” Bet let me know, holding onto my hands.
Did I really want to know? Maybe I could leave, get lost somewhere where no one could find me. Was that even possible? Could I cut myself off from my mother, from my newfound father forever? I had no answers. All I could do was wait and see what they were going to say. 
“I’ll wait with you if it’s all right.” Bet offered. 
“Yes, please, I don’t want to be alone.” 

Chapter 8 - Aidan

Aidan removed himself once he knew Bet had calmed Alexa. On his way to the gym, Alexa’s sobs tore at him. He felt her anguish, her pain. He knew his presence would only confuse or maybe infuriate her, so he entered Bet’s room asking her to go see Alexa. Bet was unsure she would be welcome. She agreed to go after he told her Alexa was distressed. Bet was surprised he was so aware of Alexa’s mood, but did not question him. For that he was thankful. He had no idea how to explain anyway. 
In his room, he stripped off his clothes to shower. The sweat from the sparring with Elron was still coating him. Under the spray of the shower, he stood, his hand against the wall, letting the water run off him. He lost track of time, finally relaxing from the day’s turmoil. The cooling of the water snapped him aware of the time passing. He finished his shower, drying himself quickly. In his bedroom, he found a clean T-shirt and pulled it on. He was zipping up his jeans when the door opened, his mother entering. 
“You could knock.” He admonished her, finishing dressing.
“You were presentable.” She responded.
Aidan retreated to the bathroom to comb his hair. He knew she would wait as long as she felt like it before giving any indication why she was in his room. He was not feeling particularly patient nor willing to put up with her at that moment. She would just have to wait.
When he came back into his bedroom, he found her sitting on the chair next to his writing desk. Her eyes followed him around the room as he sat to put his boots on. Blocking her feelings from him was a habit. Even now, being close to her, he sensed no emotions coming from her. 
“Do you think she will be ready?” Her words broke the silence.
Aidan lifted his head, his eyes suspiciously meeting hers. She wasted no time in getting right to the point. He controlled the anger that rose at her mentioning Alexa. She did not need to know what was happening to him. Breaking eye contact with her, he calmed himself before answering.
“She has no idea what is going on. How can she be ready?” He finally answered her.
“Her mother should have better handled the situation. We are now at a disadvantage. You have to take over.” Her statement made it clear what she wanted of him. He bristled at her tone, the way she ordered him to follow her directives. If she told him all she knew maybe he would know what to do. The fact she held back made him wary. 
He studied her, trying to understand why she was that way. She stared back at him unblinking. To get her to leave him in peace he responded in the only way he knew would get her to leave.
“I’m always at your service, Mother.”
Her eyes narrowed suspiciously trying to see what he was feeling. Satisfied, she stood, smoothing her tailored, linen, dusty-rose empire dress as she walked to the door.  He saw not one wrinkle from her having sat on the chair. Impeccable as always, her hand rested on the doorknob, her back to him, she spoke a final time before leaving him alone.
“I’ll see you downstairs.”


Chapter 9 - Alexa
The people in the room stopped talking when Bet and I walked in. Some were sitting on the sofas, while others stood in groups. From what I could see, seven people occupied the room. My mother and father sat on one sofa, his hand holding hers, their attention now on me. On the opposite sofa, a man and woman I did not know sat apart, their postures stiff. Aidan and Elron stood in front of the patio doors. They were in deep conversation that stopped when they saw us enter. The only person alone was a woman who stood by the fireplace, her eyes appraising me. 
Bet walked to join Aidan, stopping to stand between him and Elron. My eyes briefly met Aidan’s. His knowing grin forced me to look away. Walking further into the room, I took a seat on an empty sofa, one where my back was to Aidan. His presence unnerved me. Having my back to him gave me some control over the anger threatening to surface. As the silence stretched, I looked towards my mother, but it was the woman sitting in front of her that finally spoke.
“Alexa, I am sure you have questions, but I would like to first give you a brief history of why we are here today.” I felt waves of disapproval coming from her. Who was this woman? Why was she judging me? My mother was looking at her with a strange look on her face. Even Rider was startled by her tone. From behind me, I heard Aidan take a step towards me before stopping. He was angry again. Barely contained fury flowed from him. Only Bet, holding onto his arm, stopped him from coming closer. I looked at this stranger in the eye, not flinching from her stare. 
“And who are you exactly?” I put all my resentment in my words. The man next to her touched the woman’s arm. Her eyes drifted to him briefly before returning her attention to me. She attempted a smile that did not reach her eyes. I felt Aidan behind me narrow his eyes, not trusting her. I tried to pull my awareness back to her, still feeling him behind me. 
“My name is Eliana.” She finally offered. “I am Aidan and Bet’s mother. This is Asher, their father.” She pointed to the man sitting next to her. 
“You have already met Elron. The woman over there is Vanya. She is my trusted adviser.” She continued, pointing to the silent woman by the fireplace. 
“I don’t mean to be rude, but what am I doing here? What does any of this have to do with me?” I did not feel like giving an inch to this woman, who was looking at me like I was her inferior.
“In order to understand that, you need to know about us. We have waited centuries for this. Let me continue without interruption, please.” Even her please sounded like a command. 
“Please, do go on.” I sarcastically replied, eliciting a small smile from my mother. From behind me I heard Aidan stifle a laugh by coughing instead. Eliana’s eyes narrowed at my response. I stared back at her unflinchingly. 
“This story goes back one thousand years. Pay attention.” Her haughty manner was back.
I sat back on the sofa, making myself comfortable. Bet came to sit beside me. I was grateful for her presence. Aidan walked around to stand behind his mother. He leaned against the wall casually, his arms folded across his chest. He winked at me, a grin on his face. I rolled my eyes at him.
“A long time ago our people lived peacefully in our realm, separate from the human world. Our race goes back thousands of years. We lived happily, until one of our own betrayed us, that is.” Her words made me think she was crazy. Only looking at Aidan, whose face showed no signs he thought his mother had lost it, made me sit still. I listened as she continued her history lesson.
“The one who betrayed us was imprisoned for one thousand years. He was then released having served his sentence. His name is Elsam. Once he was free, his treachery continued. While pretending he reformed his way of thinking, he continued with his plans for revenge. The enchanted crystal, the Kaemorra, that protected our world was spelled to disappear, to hide it from Elsam. The Kaemorra was the only thing guarding our land. Without it, the protection of invisibility that safeguarded us fell, humans became aware of us and their fear made them think of us as enemies. In order not to destroy your world, to let humans live in peace, we abandoned our lands, hiding ourselves on earth while living among them. Our life has been spent trying to find the Kaemorra and return it to its rightful place so we can go home.”
“Do you know where it is?” I asked her, going along with her for the moment.
“No, no one does. There is a prophecy one will come to lead my people to it. When Elsam first had the Kaemorra interfered with, he used an earth woman to do his bidding. This woman was a powerful witch, who placed her own spell on it. Elsam confided in her that the reason he was bent on earth’s destruction was humans had murdered the woman he loved and his child. He had fallen in love with a human woman, and fathered a child with her. The woman was arrested after being accused of witchcraft. After a trial she was sentenced to death. Elsam thought his child was dead as well. He set a chain of events in motion never realizing his son still lived. The witch knew the truth, as she was a seer. She cast a spell that a descendant of hers, as well as one of ours, would have children who would be able to right his wrongs.”
Absorbing what she told me, I wondered what this meant for me. How did I fit into this fantastical tale? Who were these people?
“What does this have to do with me?” I could tell this was a simplified story she was feeding me. She was holding a lot back. 
“You are directly descended from Meredith, the witch who cast the spell. Your father is from our race.”
Were these people all on drugs? Some cult following? My eyes sought Aidan, his face held no emotion. I felt nothing from him. He was holding his emotions in check. Playing along with her delusions, I asked her a question I thought she may not answer.
“Who are you? What race are you talking about?” 
“We are from a race called the Sidhe?” Aidan answered for her. I looked at him, surprised he was going along with this.
“You mean like fairies?” I could not help but let out a laugh at the ridiculous notion.
“Not exactly like fairies, but close enough.” Eliana interrupted what Aidan was going to say.
“I think that is enough for now. We can finish this later. I’m sure you need time to absorb this.” My father broke into the conversation.
“No, I want all of it. There’s more, isn’t there?” So far they told me what they were doing here. I was still waiting to find out why I was brought here.
“Meredith said her descendant and one with royal blood would join together to forge a new path. Do you remember when you found me and Elron this morning? Did you feel anything different about where we were?” Aidan asked me.
“No.” I thought back to this morning. Was it still the same day? “I’m not sure. It felt peaceful, like nothing would harm me there.” I answered Aidan, ignoring my mother’s startled look.
“Alexa, Elron and I were not on earth. We were practicing in a place known only to our kind. It is a place in between this world and ours. It is a place that the Sidhe can enter, but humans cannot. It is called Deis-dé in our language.”
Stunned, I looked at him trying to understand what he was saying. If he was there, then he was saying he was not human. How was I able to get there if only they could? What did that make me? Everyone was staring me, just as bewildered as I was.
“Your powers should not be apparent yet. On the day you turn nineteen, you should start to show the strength and abilities of your father, as well as those of your mother. The fact you were able to pass through to the other side is remarkable. I don’t know what to make of it.” Aidan explained.
“What about my mother?” I looked at her. She could not be one of them. 
“We will talk about that later.” Her response came quickly, cutting off Eliana who was about to speak. She inclined her head towards my mother, agreeing.
“I’m not sure I believe anything you said. It all sounds too out there. Who are you really?” I looked at Eliana. Everyone was letting her do all the talking, like she was in charge. Her commanding presence, her domineering force were both plainly evident. From her straight posture, the way she spoke, to her pristine high-collared dress, she exuded strength.
“I am Eliana, the queen to my people.” She said, raising an eyebrow at me. “Asher is our king.”
The man next to her bowed his head slightly towards me. He was dressed as formally as she was. In a pin-striped, navy blue, single-breasted suit, the white starched collar of his shirt had left a rash along his neck. He looked uncomfortable. Shaking my head, I wished I was anywhere but in the room with these people.



Chapter 10 - Alexa

That would make Aidan a prince, I almost laughed out loud. No wonder he was so arrogant, so full of himself. He had a lifetime of being a royal. People must fall all over themselves to please him. I wished I was anywhere but here. I did not belong with these people. The last thing I wanted was to be involved in any of this. I wanted out. With every last bit of strength I possessed, I avoided looking at him. It did little to calm my growing panic. I could still feel him staring at me. This must be a dream, a nightmare. I would wake up soon.
She is going to lose it. The thought stopped me cold. Who said that? My eyes darted across the faces of the people around me, landing finally on Aidan’s. Shock showed on his face, mirroring mine. It was him. How was that possible? I don’t know. I heard in my head. Get out. I screamed back at him in my head. 
“Alexa, I need to explain some things to you.” My mother’s voice cut into my fraught emotions. My heart was racing. The urge to flee, to escape was building. Just a little longer. I heard his voice in my head again. I glared at him for ignoring me and continuing to communicate with me in my head. Turning my attention to my mother, she reached across the space that separated us, taking my hand in hers. 
“I know this is a lot to take in. We need to speak privately.” She spoke softly, trying to reassure me. Continuing this conversation was not what I wanted to do at the moment. I needed some time to myself. I was not ready for more. 
“Let’s take a break. I’m sure Alexa needs some time to absorb what she has learned so far.” Aidan offered me a small respite. Grateful he spoke out loud this time, I rose from my seat. Bet stood up to follow me. I put my hand on her arm, stopping her. I needed time alone. 
The garden, you can be alone there. My feet froze as the thought intruded into my brain. My back was to him, but I accepted the offer without comment. He knew I had no idea where I could go. I continued to the patio doors, pulling them open, stepping out into the fading light of the sun. It was early evening. The cool breeze was welcome as it brushed my face. The path led out into a small garden lined with different colored rose bushes. In the middle, I found a bench and sat down to think. 
I was lost where to begin. Eliana’s tale was astonishing, but I did not trust her. Her attitude towards me left me baffled. Why did I feel resentment from her? An overwhelming certitude flooded me that she was hiding something. If I were to believe her, I was to be some catalyst to fixing their world. How was I supposed to do that? I did not remember half of what she said; my mind could not absorb her words fully. 
I breathed in slowly, the roses infusing me with their rich scent. Should I go along with this? I must pay attention, see what else they have to say and then decide what to do. Would it be possible to escape this? Aidan’s mother was what was worrying me most. She had an agenda. I was sure of it. There was coldness in her, leaving me to wonder about her reaction to me. 
“Alexa.” My mother cut into my thoughts. I turned to look at her. I had no clue what to say to her.
“I know this is a lot to take in. This isn’t how I wanted you to find out. I wish you never had to know, but it’s too late now.” She took a seat beside me.
“You were always the best part of me and your father. I wanted to protect you from all of this. Maybe I should have spoken sooner. I can’t undo any of it.” I knew she felt pain from her decisions. Her words were laced with it. What I needed now was the truth, all of it.
“Mom, I think it’s time I knew about us.” Her response to my statement was a long sigh.
“Yes, it is. What Eliana said about Meredith is true. She is our ancestor. Not much is known about her, other than she was a powerful seer. A witch, sorceress. Those are the names others use for what we are. Her history is strange in that we don’t know where she came from. There are no records of where she was born or where she grew up. She appeared in Alba, what is now Scotland, in the year 823. There was a man claiming her as his daughter, but no other relatives. It is doubtful this man was really her father. She was taken in as an apprentice by another witch who was named Sara. Sara and Eliana were friends for many years. It was Sara who warned her of Meredith’s captivity by Elsam. He tortured and forced Meredith to do his bidding. What we are living through today is because Meredith set us on this course. I want to caution you. I don’t know exactly what Meredith did. Eliana knows, but she has altered the spell somehow. Alexa, I need you to be careful. I feel there is more going on that I don’t know about.”
“I don’t trust her, Mom.” I voiced my opinion.
“I know. There is more she will not share. Tread carefully. You have within you more power than I thought possible. I think you already started to feel some of it. Somehow it has awakened early.” Her statement was the perfect opportunity to tell her about Aidan. How we were able to speak telepathically. How I could feel what he was feeling.
Not yet. Wait until we have spoken. Unbidden, his words filled my head. I swore inside at his intrusion. Leave me alone! I was incensed at his listening in. 
“Mom, what is going to happen on my birthday?” I asked her instead, wondering if he was listening in on our whole conversation.
“At the moment of your birth, all the powers you hold within you will come alive. I can’t say for certain what they will be. It’s different for all of us. My talents are manifestation, reading the near future and protection spells. I also have the ability to heal. You, I believe, will have many more, and need help learning to control them.” 
My birthday was less than two months away. I realized my senses were heightened recently. This strange link to Aidan was somehow part of it. 
“What will happen now?” The unknown had me worried.
“Let’s go see what they have been discussing.” My mom pulled me up. 

Chapter 11 - Aidan

Aidan listened in sporadically on Alexa’s conversation with her mother. It amazed him how he was able to hear her, feel her. Her dislike of him was amusing. In all his six-hundred-and-forty-three years, it was not an emotion he ever evoked from a female. Whatever was happening to them, he was not going to share with his mother either. He felt his own anger at the way she spoke to Alexa rising again. For now, he needed to concentrate on what she was saying. He would deal with things as they came. 
“The girl needs to accept to do things as I say.” Her words heated his already unstable emotions. 
“My dear, maybe we need to be a little more understanding.” Asher interrupted her.
“Now is not the time for understanding. She must follow my instructions. Asher, you know what we have to lose.” Eliana’s own anger was rising. It was unacceptable that this girl would question her on what must be done.
“Mother.” Aidan said forcefully. “Alexa will do what must be done. You need to stop trying to order her around. It won’t work.” 
Eliana stared at her son, seeing more than he knew. Around him, cords of multi-colored lights flickered, wrapping themselves around him. They stretched out of the room, towards the garden where Alexa was sitting with her mother. They wrapped around Alexa, returning to Aidan, completing a circle around them. Already the strings binding them were expanding, growing in strength. It was only a matter of time. She steeled herself not to feel remorse. This was something foreseen, that would take him away from her. They all had their own obstacles to face. For the first time she felt a sadness looking at him. If only he knew the sacrifices he would have to make. She had already borne so much. Forcing herself to feel nothing, she let her gaze fall away from him.
“Make sure she does.” Was all she said. 
What was that look that flitted across her face for a moment? Aidan wondered. It made him want to reach out to her, to ease a burden he did not understand. The mental blocks she held against her thoughts made it impossible for him to delve deeper. Whatever it was, she was back to her usual self. 
“I will do as I have to. We all have our parts to play.” Aidan reassured her.
Rider stood suddenly. He looked at Aidan before leaving the room. Rider’s stiff posture let him know he was not all right with how Alexa was being treated. For his part, Aidan understood that although Rider was one of them, his loyalties lay with Alexa and his wife. He could not fault him for that. Aidan felt trapped in a set of circumstances beyond his control. His feet wanted to leave as well, to join Alexa outside. 
Dragging his hand through his hair in frustration, he noticed Bet staring at him, her expression puzzled at his emotions. Shaking his head at her, he returned to paying attention to what his mother was saying. 
“There is still much that can go wrong. We need to keep her safe until the change.” Eliana worried aloud.
“Mother, we will keep her safe.” Bet reassured her. 
“I wish it was that simple.” Eliana closed her eyes, trying to see into the future.
Aidan shook his head at her and walked over to join Elron by the fireplace. His friend was concerned for him, but knew now was not the time to discuss things. Even so, he still needed assurance that Aidan was fine.
“How are you holding up?” Elron asked him.
“I could be better.” Aidan answered back.
Bet had come up to them, wanting to know the answer as well. She was searching his face to understand what she was feeling from him. He shook his head to stop her from asking any questions.
“I’m going to need you both if things go sideways.” Aidan spoke to them quietly.
“You know we will support you in anything you decide.” Bet whispered back.
“I don’t want to be the bearer of bad news, but things are already sideways. I feel we are not being told critical information for this mission.” Elron voiced their reservations.
Aidan could only agree with Elron’s comment. He was fast approaching a decision to take matters into his own hands. The first thing they needed was the full story. There was only one place they could find that. The choice to go there was one he would have to make soon. Things were spiraling out of control. He had a nagging feeling they were being manipulated into this course. If that was the case, then they would have to chart their own course, away from his mother and her court. 
“Be ready to leave if needed. I don’t think we will be here for long.” Aidan let them know.
“What about Alexa?” Bet asked, while searching his face for any reaction.
“Alexa is critical to this. She has to come with us. Bet, I need you to convince her. She will listen to you more than us.” Aidan kept his face neutral.
Bet accepted his answer by nodding at him. She looked at Elron, touched his arm lightly and moved away to return to her seat. Elron watched her as she walked away, making Aidan smile slightly at his friend. 
“Stop grinning.” Elron admonished him.
“They’re coming back.” Aidan smiled and left Elron to take his position back where he had been.

Chapter 12 - Alexa

My eyes latched onto Aidan’s when we entered the room. He nodded slightly to me, his presence somehow reassuring me. Odd he suddenly made me feel this way. Up till now, he was nothing but aggravating. Instead of sitting, I stood next to my mother who took a seat next to Bet.
“Is there anything else?” I forced myself to look at Eliana, not wanting her to see how she unnerved me.
“I think that will be all for now. We should be ready to leave at first light.” Her words were more like an order.
“I’m not going anywhere unless I know where I’m going.” She would not rule over me. Her eyes blazed briefly in anger before she answered me.
“We have a place in mind, although there may be a problem. It doesn’t matter, you will be safe there.” 
“What problem?” I insisted.
Her silence spoke volumes. She did not want to answer me. Anger like I had never known before grew in me. I was ready to explode at her. Calm down. Aidan was looking at me, worried. I told you to stop that. I pushed back at him.
"We have a place in mind. I'd prefer to keep everyone together." Aidan answered for her, his last thought to me had me counting to ten, trying to control my anger.
“Where is this place? Why wouldn’t we be together?” The rest of them could come, but if Eliana wanted to leave she was welcome to do it. Aidan smiled slightly, hearing my last thought. 
"It is the place where you found me and Elron this morning. We are not sure if only you will be able to enter with us. Our side can go there easily. I'm not sure about your mother." Aidan explained.
"Oh. I don't know how I ended up there either." Still surprised I somehow breached into that world.
"Yes, that is a mystery.” Asher spoke under his breath. The man realized he spoke aloud, and quickly glanced at his wife before falling silent again. She did not even notice as she continued unrelentingly staring at me.
"Can't we find somewhere else? I need my mother with me. We can’t leave her unprotected.” 
“Don’t worry about me.” My mom reassured me.
"Whoever planted the explosion at your apartment thought you were inside at the time. It was luck you weren’t there. Bet was sent to keep you safe. She should have known what was going to happen. Her feelings for you caused her to lose focus of her assignment.” Eliana harshly admonished her daughter.
Bet’s face showed shock at her mother’s cruel words. I walked behind the sofa Bet was sitting on and placed my hand on her shoulder, squeezing it. This woman needed to be put in her place. What was the matter with her? 
“Your mother was already intercepted by Vanya to keep her safe. We were not in time though to save my other son. He was caught in the explosion. Now you see how easy it is to lose sight of what must be done.” She finished her sentence; her eyes accusingly looked at me.
Stunned, I realized that was why Bet was upset yesterday. I looked at Aidan, his anguish at the mention of his brother tore at me. I saw in his mind how he stood in front of the building when the explosion ripped it apart. What could I do to ease their pain? Was this my fault?
No Alexa, never your fault. Don’t blame yourself. He shouldn’t have gone in alone.
Aidan tried to ease my guilt. 
"None of this is your fault.” He reassured me. "They would have found you." He stopped mid-sentence, something catching his attention outside. 
Noticing his gaze focusing on something outside the window, Asher quickly stood, walking towards it. He pulled the curtain aside and we all saw what Aidan had. Four lights were meandering down the road towards our location. Before Asher could turn to warn us, the ground shook beneath my feet. An explosion rocked the house’s foundation. Everyone was thrown off their feet as another shock wave hit us. Aidan and Asher were thrown away from the window as I stumbled and fell to my knees. I heard my name being called, but I could not find my voice. Black smoke filled my lungs. Panic rose in me. Bet ran towards me when another blast threw her aside. I saw Aidan getting up from where he had fallen not far away from me, trying to reach me before another explosion threw him back. 
Asher grabbed onto Eliana, vanishing with her before my eyes. I saw Elron lift Bet to her feet while she frantically tried to find me in the destroyed room. I searched for my mother, but could not see her. Finding my voice, I yelled for her, my throat growing hoarse from the smoke. Where was she? Where was Rider? My father. Would I lose him before I got to know him? Tears from the smoke blinded me. I crawled towards the broken window, the fresh air coming in from it drawing me to it. Aidan was somewhere close to the window. Maybe I could find him. I lost all sense of him in the attack. Who was out there? I neared the window, gulping in the clean air. Aidan lay close by, his body under parts of a sofa and a table. The steady rise and fall of his chest let me know he was alive. 
In the silence that descended inside the house, I heard Bet’s voice cry out for me. I could barely make her out from across the room. The woman, Vanya, was standing next to her, with Elron on the other side. She said something to them I could not hear. Elron nodded, touched Bet’s arm, vanishing before my eyes. Vanya started walking slowly towards me. I felt a hand on my arm, nearly screaming at its contact. Vanya’s eyes followed to where Aidan was standing next to me. She nodded at him before also disappearing. 
Voices outside had me looking to see who was out there. Whoever they were, they were coming closer. Aidan pulled me up beside him, supporting me when I stumbled. He was about to speak when I saw a face in the window staring back at me. A face out of a nightmare, hideous and twisted, filled the space. The man scowling at me had an ugly red scar running from his right eyebrow, down across the bridge of his nose and his lips, to his left cheek. I screamed as he broke the remaining parts of the window and tried to reach me with his hands. Aidan pulled me back, placing himself in front of me. The look of menace on the man’s face held me riveted in place. I held on to Aidan’s arm trying to pull him away. He was ripped from my side by some unseen force. Thrown clear across the room, like some rag doll, I saw Aidan quickly get to his feet, running back towards me. I faced the window again, seeing the hideous creature trying to enter the room. His wrinkled hands, long bony fingers with sharp razor-like fingernails reached towards me. I was mesmerized by the chilling look he gave me. Turning towards Aidan, I reached out for him. He was still too far away. I closed my eyes just before the nightmare behind me touched me. I felt like I was floating for a second, like I was not part of the world around me. Silence filled my ears; a blinding light lit my still-closed eyes. Landing softly on what felt like a soft carpet, I slowly opened my eyes. I landed on my knees, my arms still stretched out reaching for Aidan. Above me the sun blazed strongly. I found myself in a forest, the towering trees surrounding me. 

Chapter 13 - Alexa

Where was I? I turned in every direction trying to get my bearings. I knew this place. It was where I came across Aidan and Elron earlier. I was back in the place they called Deis-dé. Would I be safe here? I sat down heavily on the tall grass. Should I wait or try to explore? Where was everyone? How did I get here, again, on my own? The questions were endless as they ran through me. I decided to sit and wait, hoping someone would find me. It was peaceful, with the warm breeze and the sound of chirping birds. I slowly relaxed, realizing I was safe. Sliding closer to a tree, I leaned against its trunk, pulling my legs towards me. I wrapped my arms around my knees, silently pleading for someone I trusted to come find me. 
Time dragged on. A few times I thought I heard my name being called. Feeling it was better to stay put, I waited listening to the sounds around me. I must have fallen asleep for a while. The sound of someone calling my name woke me. Rising to my feet, I readied to run at the first sign of trouble.
"Alexa?" I heard my name just as Aidan appeared from under the covering of the trees. He ran towards me, pulling me into his arms. I stood wooden in his embrace, not sure how to react. Realizing I was not hurt, I felt him sigh against my cheek. 
"I couldn't feel you. I thought I, um, we had lost you." He said, stepping back from me. His arms dropped to his sides while he looked me over. 
"I'm sorry." I said. "I don't know what happened." 
He took another step back, putting some distance between us physically and emotionally. I could tell he was just as confused as I was by his reaction. I was relieved to be found, even if it was by him.
"It's all right." He breathed unsteadily. "It took me longer than it should have to realize this is where you might be."
We turned as we heard someone else coming. From the opposite direction Aidan had appeared from we both saw Elron come to a stop as he saw us. Seeing we were both safe, he strolled casually towards us.
"This is amazing." He chuckled, as he approached. "This is the safest spot for us after all."
Seeing no one else arrive, I started to worry about my mom. I did not know how I ended up there, but from what Eliana said, my mother would not be able to get here. Were they safe? 
"Where's everyone else?" I turned looking around. "What happened?"
Aidan took a step closer to me; some impulse seemed to drive him to touch me again. He visibly shook himself; aware he had revealed more than he should have. I was curious about what he was feeling. A wall seemed to separate us suddenly. It was as if he was blocking his thoughts from me. His display confused me. Whatever he was feeling, I was not ready to examine it. We were still strangers. I knew nothing about him. The only feeling he seemed to draw from me was annoyance. I was still staring at him when Elron spoke to break the silence.
"We were attacked." Elron stated the obvious. "They had a warlock with them. He was the one who caused the explosions. After you disappeared we all split up. Aidan and I were sent to find you."
"What about my mom? Is she safe?" I was worried about her.
"Rider stayed behind to get your mother to safety. We don't know where they are. We should head to the safe house for now. When it's safe for the others they will meet us there." 
Elron pointed in a direction to our right. Aidan placed his hand on the small of my back, gently pushing me to walk in the direction Elron pointed at. Just that small touch brought heat to my face. I avoided his eyes and lowered my head to look at the ground. A small growl escaped him as I walked faster to put more distance between us. My steps faltered as I bumped into Elron who stopped and turned back to look at us. His expression was comical as he stared at us. Aidan and I carefully avoided looking at each other. Shaking his head, Elron resumed his trek through the forest. I followed him, keeping a good distance between Aidan and me.
Able to finally appreciate my surroundings, I let myself take it all in. The place was magical. The sun shone through the opening of the tree line above us. Many varieties of flowers bloomed, types I had never seen before. They colored the world around me. My head swiveled while my eyes captured the splendor. I felt amazed by the serene landscape, the way nature magnified the colors around me. The green leaves on the trees gave a glow of emerald prisms. Everything seemed to have an aura around it. I looked down at my hands and saw they had a slight shine emanating from them. Smiling, I continued watching the world through new eyes.
We walked for what seemed like hours before Elron stopped and held up his hand for us to stop. I could see a clearing before me. Listening for any sounds, satisfied that it was clear, he waved us forward. We stepped out from under the cover of the trees into an even more astounding sight.

Chapter 14 - Aidan

Throughout the walk Aidan's thoughts were focused on Alexa instead of his surroundings. Somehow the strange connection between them was getting stronger. His control was slipping with the growing feelings Alexa was bringing out of him. He recalled the panic that overtook him when she disappeared. The warlock, Myrick, had touched her. The feeling of wanting to murder the man almost blinded him with its intensity. Unbidden, the thought that no one but him could touch her paralyzed him for a few seconds. Only the expression of shock on Myrick's face let Aidan know somehow she escaped. It took him longer than he wanted it to, to make sure the warlock and his men could not follow before he left to search for her. 
When he found her, the relief that went through him almost brought him to his knees. The feeling of her in his arms, the perfect way she fit against him, amazed him. It took all the strength he possessed to let her go. Her nearness almost made him forget where they were and that they needed to get to safety. It was only the arrival of Elron that helped him gain back some control. 
Even now, her nearness was affecting him. Her face radiated with pleasure as she took in her surroundings. Every now and then a soft sigh escaped her. He clenched his teeth, fighting the urge to take the few steps that separated them to take her hand. His whole body was tense with his fight to stay away from her. How was he going to get through this?
It was obvious her opinion of him was not changed. He felt her stiffen in his arms. Was it possible she was immune to him? This never happened to him. She was right; he was used to having any woman in his bed. There were many who would be willing to take anything he offered. It was not his fault he was sought after. If nothing else, his title alone attracted available women to him. Alexa’s feelings were the opposite. He felt her disapproval every time they were together. How could they be so in tune, but so far apart?
He wondered if his mother knew what was happening to him. Would she tell him even if she did know? He needed something else to focus on, something to take his mind off of the woman walking in front of him. He forced his mind to the attack instead. 
Who had betrayed them? There was no way Myrick and his followers would know where they were, unless someone gave them away. They had only been on the estate for a day. It was too little time for them to be discovered. Aidan made sure their whereabouts was protected. He listed the people who knew their location in his mind. Besides himself and Alexa, only seven people were at the house. He could not see Alexa’s parents betraying her. Bet and Elron were also not suspect. That left only three people. Would his mother betray them? She was ruthless and cold, but would she jeopardize their plans. His father was another unknown. The man changed through the years. 
When he was younger, his father had been closest to him. Somehow, in the last couple centuries, they had grown apart. The man he knew would never have deceived them. He was not so sure now. Then there was Vanya, his mother’s confidant. He did not know much about her. She always stayed away from him. His mother trusted her implicitly. 
He wondered if they found them some other way he could not see. Was he focusing too much at those closest to them? There were other ways, other people who could have been used. He would keep an open mind, as well as a keen eye. 

Chapter 15 - Alexa

We reached the end of the forest, arriving at an open field. In front of us lay a path made from some type of stone that glowed white, like streetlights lighting the way. On either side, stretching for miles, beautiful gardens filled my eyes. Large hedges separated the landscape into sections. Fountains adorned the centers of each sector, their water spraying up towards the most amazing sapphire sky. In the distance an incredible, massive castle waited for us. Its walls rose high into the air almost touching the clouds above. It shimmered in the sunlight. The castle’s reflective stone highlighted the colors of every flower that grew around it. Admiring the turrets and balconies that adorned its exterior, I stopped to take it all in. Aidan stopped beside me, my feet rooted to the spot as I marveled at the scene before me.
"It’s so beautiful!" I said, in awe of the sight.
"Let's get inside. Maybe someone is already here." Elron said, as he started walking towards the fortress.
Aidan touched my elbow, drawing me forwards. A small shock traveled up my arm. I picked up my pace, moving next to Elron and walking beside him the rest of the way. I could feel Aidan behind me as we approached the main section of the building. His frustration was hard to miss even though he was trying his best to shield it from me. Let him stew, I thought to myself unkindly. It was not my fault he assumed I would fall into his arms. Just because we could speak in each other’s minds did not mean I wanted to share anything else. It would not be difficult for him to find attention elsewhere. He was free to do exactly that. His annoying laugh reached me just as we came up the steps leading to the front door
Elron gave us both a stern look before opening the door. He walked in, calling out to see if anyone was there. Aidan and I walked through the entrance into a grand foyer with stairs circling up from both sides. We carefully avoided each other. It was apparent no one was there as Elron returned from examining the rooms on the main level. 
"Let's give it some more time. I'm sure they are only being careful no one follows them." Elron tried to ease all our worries about our missing family members.
Closing the door behind us, we followed Elron into the main room. He pulled open the curtains, letting the light in. I walked around the room too nervous to sit still. The interior resembled the house we were just in. Only the library section was missing. This was clearly only a living room. However, the furnishings were unlike anything I ever saw before. If we were in a fairy tale, it would be the castle of my dreams. It was a setting out of medieval times. Every piece of furniture was an antique. The decor was a replica of old English castles. 
Aidan walked over to one of the windows and stood looking out lost in his own thoughts. I was sure he was just as worried about his family as I was about mine. Going to stand next to him, I offered what little comfort I could.
"I'm sure they're fine." I touched his arm without thinking about my action. Feeling him tense under my hand, I let it drop.  
"Yes, I'm sure too. I'm just troubled by how they knew where we were so quickly. No one should have known our location." A frown marred his face.
"Someone may have been followed." Elron offered an explanation.
"Maybe." Aidan replied. His tone clearly implying he did not believe that. 
"What is taking them so long?" He asked in frustration.
As if in answer to Aidan’s question, the front door burst open and we heard some expletives from whoever fell into the house with a crash. Elron was the first to get to the hallway, his face stunned at who he saw. I started moving forwards, but Aidan held me back with his arm as he went ahead of me. At the doorway I could not see past Aidan's height, but I felt Aidan relax and laugh before he hurled himself to the ground and onto the man who lay sprawled across the middle of the entrance. They started wrestling, rolling around on the floor. 
Elron was laughing at their shenanigans, clearly amused. I leaned against the doorjamb waiting for them to finish. While Aidan was obviously happy to see the man, the man pulled away suddenly, his face grimacing in pain. I could see bruises covering his face, while his left arm hung loosely beside him. Even with all the bruising, I could still see how perfectly his face was put together. I let my eyes travel over him, finding the rest of him just as pleasing. 
"Sorry, Liam." Aidan stood. "Let me help you!" He offered his hand to help Liam up.
Elron helped Aidan bring Liam into the family room. I followed them into the room, getting a rear view of Liam. His clothes were torn, dirty. The black leather pants hugged his behind. From a tear on his pant leg, I got an enticing view of a well-formed thigh. I followed as they entered the room, watching his back as they helped carry him. They lay him on the sofa, adjusting him to a sitting up position with a pillow behind his head. Walking to stand behind a chair nearest to them, I leaned on the back of it and studied him. Almost as well-built as Aidan, I saw a lone curl fall across Liam’s eyes, which were the same shade of green as Aidan's. His sandy hair grazed his shoulders, falling in similar waves as Aidan’s. Even covered with bruises, he was magnificent to look at. Where Aidan had defined muscles, Liam was more lithe and sinewy. He covered the couch with his long frame. His eyes were studying me with the same curiosity that must have been reflected in mine. I felt a slight jolt within me as our eyes met. An infectious grin spread on his face, forcing one from me. 
"You didn't tell me we had such lovely company, Aidan." He smirked at me. "And who might you be, beautiful lady?"
Aidan rolled his eyes in amusement. He came to stand next to me placing his hand on my shoulder. Liam's eyes narrowed, focusing on where Aidan’s hand touched me. I felt Aidan stiffen, his hand falling away under his brother’s scrutiny. Liam’s eyes left Aidan and came to rest on me. His smile was slow to come, but when it reached his eyes, I felt the world tilt. Wow, was all I could think. 
    “Liam, this is Alexa.” Aidan offered an introduction.
“It’s a pleasure to finally meet you.” Liam’s eyes bored into mine. “How about a hug?”
“I don’t think your ribs could take it." I tried to make light of the way he was affecting me.  
“Yes, I do seem to be a bit banged up, don’t I?” He tried to sit up, his face contorting with pain.
“Liam, take it easy.” Aidan admonished him. His reaction to our teasing had thrown him. He did not know what to make of it. “You’ll have time to drive Alexa crazy once you’re well.”
“Where is everyone?” Liam was able to get himself into a seated position. 
“We don’t know. They should be here already.” Aidan was clearly still worried, which made me remember my parents’ absence. 
“Okay, Lame,” Elron teased Liam. “Let’s get you upstairs and cleaned up. I need to see to your shoulder.”
“It looks worse than it is.” Liam stood up unsteadily. Supported by Elron, he glanced at me, causing another flutter within me. What was it in the way he looked at me that made me weak in the knees? I suddenly needed to sit down. I made it to the chair in front of me, sitting down before I fell down.
With Elron’s help, they made it past me before Liam stopped and looked at Aidan. 
“She’s everything and more isn’t she?” Confusion marred Aidan's face. Liam continued out of the room, laughing at his brother's expression. At the doorway, he turned and glanced back at me, a frown on his lips. He seemed to shake himself out of what he was thinking and let Elron help him out. Aidan continued staring at the spot where Liam had been. He was clearly unsettled over Liam’s presence. I, on the other hand, was pleasantly surprised by his appearance. Aidan turned his eyes to me, a crease between his brows. I saw one eyebrow start its annoying rise. Standing up, I felt my patience with him running out. What was his problem? I spoke to break the tension between us.
“Your parents will be happy. That is your brother, no?” I said the first thing that came to mind.
“Yes, that’s Liam.” Aidan turned away from me. He must have sensed my emotions, choosing to let go of whatever he was feeling. He continued to answer my question.
“They will be. We thought he was caught in the explosion. He’ll need to fill us in on what happened.” 
“I’m really worried about everyone.” I voiced the concerns we both had. “How long before they get here?”
“I don’t know.” Aidan replied. “Why don’t I take you up to one of the bedrooms? You can take a shower and I’ll get us something to eat.”
“I think we both need a shower." I blushed at how suggestive that statement was. For a moment I felt pulled in two directions. Aidan had an unmistakable, strange hold over me. Whatever was going on between us was bizarre. Hearing him in my head, feeling his emotions, was beyond anything I could explain. But just now, with Liam, looking into his eyes, I felt something different. 
“Yes, we do.” Aidan smiled at me, interrupting my thoughts.
He came to where I was seated and pulled me up. His fingers lingered a few seconds longer on my arms. I gently pulled away from him, taking care not to make a big deal of the electric shock that passed between us. I followed him out of the room, as we made our way into the hallway. We wound up the stairs silently, where he stopped in front of a closed door. Opening it, he stepped aside to let me through. Stepping around me, as I stood in the darkened entrance, he walked to the window to pull open the drapes. The light from outside brought the room fully into focus. I glanced around slowly, the one king-size bed drawing my attention. The rest of the furniture seemed dwarfed by its size. The bed was too big for one person. I refused to let my thoughts go further. I was not ready to face the myriad of emotions moving through me. Was I picturing Liam or Aidan on that bed? I could not say for certain who it should be. Would it be possible to meld the two? They each had their own qualities. Only Aidan seemed for some reason to irritate me, while the thought of Liam made me want to smile. 
“The bathroom is through that door. Some of Bet’s clothes in the closet may fit you. I’ll go see about some food. I’ll be right back.” Aidan broke into my thoughts, his expression telling me he heard all I was thinking. His anger was evident as he left, closing the door with a bang.
Jumping at the loud sound, I chose to ignore his actions. Instead, I walked into the immense bathroom, where I found the room had a separate bath and shower. Although the bath looked enticing, I opted for the shower. Opening the water to warm, I peeled off my clothes, stepped in and let the water flow over me. I could not understand why I was feeling guilty or why I cared Aidan was upset. Someone needed to explain what was going on and soon. Again I wondered at how we were able to communicate and be aware of each other. My mind then strayed to Liam. I pictured his face and smiled. Shaking myself out of thoughts that only confused me more, I reached for the shampoo. It took me no time to wash my hair and rinse off. I wrapped a big towel around me, padding out to the bedroom. Approaching the closet, I found jeans, dresses and tops. I chose jeans, wanting to be comfortable, finishing with a sweatshirt to be warm. Dressed, I inspected the room, walking around to look at the objects that decorated it. A museum would have a field day in here. I was sure most of the paintings, figurines and vases were priceless. 

Chapter 16 - Alexa

A soft knock sounded before the door opened. Aidan entered, making no comment as he carried a tray in his hands. He placed it on the small table beside the window. It was obvious he was avoiding looking at me. The anger was still there under the surface, but I felt a surprising hurt as well. 
“Come, let’s sit by the window.” He drew two chairs closer to the table, waiting for me to sit. “Eat. You need your strength." 
I walked to the chair, sat and looked at the tray of food in front of me. A salad, sandwich and glass of iced tea awaited me. The sandwich was sliced chicken, cheese, tomato and lettuce. I could see mayonnaise on the bread. 
“Thank-you. It looks delicious.” I told him.
Aidan walked to the window, looking outside. From his stance I could tell he was still tense. I wondered if it was all because of me or if it was worry over our parents too. I saw him take a deep breath before he turned to look at me. His eyes raked silently over me. Some deep emotion was hooded beneath his eyes, as they closed slowly. 
“Please eat, Alexa.” He exhaled under his breath.
I picked up the fork starting on the salad as I looked at him. Returning to the table, he sat facing me. He picked up his sandwich, his thoughts completely shielded from me. We ate in an uncomfortable silence. I was hungrier than I thought and quickly finished my plate before he was done with his. I waited for him to finish, wanting to know what we should do next. Once he was done as well, he stood picking up the tray. 
"I'll just take this down to the kitchen. Maybe you should try to rest for a bit. We don’t know how long it will be before the others arrive." Why did I feel as if he was trying to get away from me? And why did I care?
"I'll come with you." I got up to follow him. We needed to talk sometime and now seemed as good a time as any. Maybe it would clear the air between us. 
He made no move to get up, but looked like he was trying to make up his mind about something. Sighing, shaking his head, he finally rose to his feet, taking the tray with our finished plates in his hands. I followed as he exited the room without any comment. On our way to the stairs, we heard the front door open. Aidan tensed, but I sensed who it was.
 "It's Bet." I told him touching his arm, eliciting a shudder from him. Was my touch really so abhorrent to him? I really did not care, or did I?
 He was trying to figure out how I knew it was Bet. Suddenly his thoughts were clear in my mind. He must have let down his guard. I staggered back at the onrush of his thoughts and emotions. Realizing he was projecting again, he quickly brought his wall up. I breathed in heavily trying to calm myself. What I felt shocked me with its intensity. Aidan carefully pulled himself together; his emotions were pushing him out of control. I did not know how he was able to function with what he was feeling. How, why was I affecting him like that? I saw him clench his fists, his jaw tighten as he attempted to regain his control.  
I let him be, left him to fight his way back. A few moments were all it took for him to release the breath he was holding, to open his eyes and finally look at me. I wanted to say something, but could think of nothing that would help. He seemed to understand, allowing a smile to cross his lips. Still shaken from what I felt from him, it was Aidan who drew my attention back to Bet’s arrival. From the top of the stairs we could see her as she stopped, looking up at us. A look of relief crossed her face. 
 "I'm so glad I found you guys." She said, as she waited for us at the bottom of the steps. 
 Aidan, still miraculously holding the tray in his hands, walked down the stairs towards her. He placed the tray on the hall table. Bet hugged him, her pleasure written all over her face, before she let Aidan go enveloping me in a hug as well. I hugged her back, happy that she was safe. 
 "Do you have news about anyone else, Bet?" Aidan asked her.
 Keeping an arm around my waist, she turned to him. 
 "No, we got separated. No one else has arrived yet?" She asked us anxiously.
 "It’s just us and Elron. Oh, and someone else you'll be happy to see again." Aidan teased her. I smiled at her reaction to Aidan’s words.
 "Who?" Bet asked.
 "I'll show you. Let's go up and see." He said mysteriously to her, smiling at me.
 I held back my smile as she looked at me for any hint. I raised my eyebrows at her. She would have to wait and see. She took the steps two at a time as Aidan followed her up. I followed behind wanting to give her the chance to be surprised. At the top of the steps, Elron came out of one of the rooms to see who had arrived. Seeing Bet, he took a step towards her before stopping. Bet stopped as well. 
She took a few steps towards him until only a foot separated them. They looked into each other’s eyes, her hand rising to touch his face. She gave a laugh, launching herself at him, her legs coming up to wrap around his waist. He held her close as his lips claimed hers. 
 Aidan cleared his throat loudly. I looked at him to see a smile on his face as he looked at his sister and friend. He shook his head at me, rolling his eyes. It was the first time I had seen him act so carefree. He was happy for his sister and best friend. His expression was endearing. 
 "It's about time, but please stop. I don't need to see my sister like this." Aidan tried to get their attention.
 Bet slowly let herself slide down Elron's frame, her lips only leaving his once her feet were on the ground. Elron possessively held onto her at his side as they looked back at us. Bet was looking amused, while Elron was clearly embarrassed. Aidan's smile seemed to put him at ease as he looked down at Bet. 
 "How is he?" Aidan asked Elron.
 "How's who?" Bet looked past Elron to the door he came out of.
 "He'll be fine. Some bruising and his shoulder was dislocated. I've put it back in place. His body is already healing." Elron explained.
 Curious, Bet walked past him, entering the room as we followed. 
 "Liam?" The whispered word hung in the air.
 Liam, lying on the bed with his eyes closed, was alerted by his name being spoken. He rose to one elbow and looked at us standing in the doorway. Bet walked to the bed, sat down beside Liam and took his hand in hers.
 "You're here." She whispered, as tears fell from her eyes. She put her forehead on his shoulder, his hand patting the back of her head. Pulling herself away, she gave a punch to his chest.
 "Don't ever do that to me again!" 
 Liam laughed, "I'll try not to."
 "What did I miss?" Bet wanted an update.
 "Nothing much really. We were waiting for him to rest before asking him questions." Aidan answered her.
 "What happened with you after we left?" Elron asked Bet. 
 "I guess we have some sharing to do." She looked up at him.
 "What did I miss?" Liam looked at his sister and Elron, sensing something had changed. 
 "Are you up to telling us what happened?" Aidan asked Liam, enjoying his confusion.
 Liam nodded at Aidan, "Let me get up. This bed is making me feel like an invalid."
 Bet and Elron, being closest to him, helped him get up. Unsteady on his feet, with their help he walked to the door. Aidan and I followed behind them as they made their way back down to the living room. Once he was seated, we each found our own place to sit facing him. 
 A sudden pain in my head blinded me with its ferocity. Gasping, I placed my palms on my temples. Aidan was at my side in an instant. I closed my eyes at the pressure building behind them. As I tried to get control of it, a vision built itself inside me. I saw a cave with dancing red lights illuminating the walls. In the center of the cavern, I saw a glowing red crystal, humming and vibrating as it pulsed. I tried to see where the cave was, but all I saw were the walls around it. It was somewhere warm, I thought, but where exactly? 
 The calling of my name in panic brought me back. Aidan looked frantic as he shook me. I blinked my eyes trying to focus on my surroundings. The pain receded to a dull ache, giving me the chance to respond. Liam approached me as well. His eyes mirrored Aidan’s worry.
 "I'm good." I focused on Aidan. The look in his eye made me want to reassure him. Whatever it was that caused the pain receded more, but I still felt a headache behind my eyes. Liam studied us silently, his posture stiff, his hands clenched by his sides. 
 "What happened?" Aidan asked, his voice trembling as he spoke. 
 "I’m not sure. I had a sudden pain in my head. Then I was in a cave. There was a crystal that was glowing." I tried to break away from his hold. His hands were digging into me. 
 "You had a vision. How is that possible?" He glanced at the others, who were looking at me just as perplexed. He let go of me, realizing he was hurting me. Liam turned away from us, returning to the couch and sitting down. 
 “I don’t know." I whispered. There was a lot I did not know. I was overwhelmed.
 "She shouldn't be having any powers yet, should she?" Bet voiced what everyone was wondering.
 "No, it's too soon." Elron's worried expression startled me. 
 "She's able to read my thoughts too." Aidan added. "As well as transporting to this place, she can sense other’s presence. She was able to identify Bet arriving before she saw her. Her powers are starting early for some reason."
 Everyone got quiet, thinking about what it could mean. Aidan's mentioning my reading his thoughts had Liam sitting up, staring at us. There was something in his look, some recognition. I needed time to think. Afraid of what he was going to say, I changed the subject, asking him instead to relate what he went through. 
 "Please tell us what happened. Were you in our apartment at the time of the explosion?" 
 Aidan took note of what I was trying to do, sitting next to me while keeping my hand in his. His touch managed to calm me. Liam still sat with his eyes glued to my face not sure what to make of me. Shaking himself out of his shock, he managed a lopsided grin as he began his story. 
 "I was in the hallway outside your door. Lucky your place was on the top floor. At least I didn't have any floors above me. The whole roof caved in. I ended up under all the rubble."
 "That explains the bruises and your shoulder." Elron remarked.
 "Yes, it took me a while to get myself out from under it. The fire department was arriving when I managed to slip free. I couldn't stay around to answer questions, so I sneaked away before anyone saw me."
 "Why didn't you come to the safe house?" Bet asked.
 "I was being followed. I am sure of it. I could sense them keeping track of me. I didn't want to lead them there. I wanted to make sure it was safe first."
 "Did you get any sense of who it was?" Aidan inquired. 
 "I couldn't make them out. They were shielding themselves. If I had to guess I would say it was a witch."
 "This just keeps getting more bizarre." Aidan said in frustration. "We have no idea what is going on."
 "Someone's coming." I whispered under my breath, sensing a presence outside.
Chapter 17 - Alexa

Everyone turned to look at me. They all listened wordlessly to the sound of someone approaching from outside. Whoever it was, their footsteps fell silent outside the door. There was a hesitation before there was a knock. I was stopped from going to see who it was by Liam. His arms caught me, holding me against him, before I took a step. To suddenly have him so close was thrilling. Even though I felt no danger from the new arrival, I was reluctant to pull away from him. His scent was intoxicating. The warmth I felt quickly spread and tingled through me. Realizing what he was doing, his arms fell away from me. He walked to the other side of the room, frowning at the look Aidan was giving him.  
“I don’t sense danger.” I said to draw Aidan’s attention back to me. “But I don’t know who it is.”
Aidan slowly walked towards the front door with Elron close behind. The soft knocking on the door came again. Elron stood to the side ready for any danger as Aidan opened the door. I could not see anything from where I was, but Aidan stepped back to allow whoever it was to enter. He bowed slightly to acknowledge the person. A figure in a large cloak, the hood hiding their face, stepped into the house. Reaching up, the hood was pulled back to reveal a man whose face looked like a young boy. Taller than Aidan, the size of him was in contrast to his youthful appearance. Pulling off his cloak, he put it aside on one of the entrance tables. Aidan closed the door and waited for him to make the first move.
He approached me cautiously, stopping a few feet before me. His hand came up to touch my forehead. With his eyes closed, he entered my mind. A feeling of complete peace flowed through me. My headache vanished. I sought Aidan who still stood just inside the door. He had not moved since letting the man in.
“I am Jasper. I have come to offer my help.” He spoke to me, taking his hand off my forehead.
Confused, I glanced at Aidan, hoping he had an answer. 
“Alexa, this is an elder. He is a leader among the witches.” He turned to Jasper. “I don’t understand. We were told you couldn’t get involved.”
Jasper looked at me, assessing me silently. Once his study of me was done, he continued further into the room pulling a chair along with him. Turning it to face the one he sat down on, he motioned me with his hand to sit down facing him. Walking slowly to the chair, I sat down as Aidan came to stand beside me. Liam also approached me, but kept himself a foot away from us. Jasper reached out, taking my hands in his. Eyes closed, he breathed in, exhaling softly as our clasped hands tingled. Lost in a trance, the silence in the room stretched as we all waited for him to finish what he was doing. Bet sat on the couch fascinated. Elron stood leaning on the door frame, arms folded across his chest. His easy stance belied the fact he was at the ready for any threat. Aidan stood uneasily by my side, also ready to pull me away at any hint of danger. 
“You are strong, little one.” He finally said, opening his eyes, looking at me.
He took in Liam and Aidan’s position. “I will not harm her.” He told them.
Aidan visibly relaxed. I took my hands away from Jasper’s. Wanting answers, Aidan pulled up a chair sitting down with us. Liam took the opportunity to walk away. He too sat down, but on a couch the furthest away from us as possible. He seemed lost in his thoughts.
“She has already started showing some powers. Do you know why?” Aidan asked Jasper.
“You’ve had a vision.” Jasper remarked, surprised. “That is remarkable.”
“And, you’ve bonded.” He continued. Aidan’s response was to seek out Liam. His eyes narrowed on his brother.
“What?” I asked him. “What do you mean bonded?”
“Has no one told you anything?” He shook his head looking displeased. Sighing, he rose from his chair, walking around the room. My eyes followed him knowing he had answers for what was happening to me. I wished he would just tell me. Could it be that bad?
“No little one, not bad, only disconcerting. You have much to learn in little time. I can sense your conflict. You are being pulled in different directions.” He looked from Aidan to Liam. Both refused to respond to Jasper’s comment. Aidan had his usual disapproving face on. Liam I could not read. Whatever he was feeling was hidden behind a face of indifference.
Frustrated, I got up, approaching Jasper. Standing before him, I hesitated to touch him. I needed answers. So far all he had done was increase the questions going through my mind. I did not know where to start. 
All I knew was this elder, whoever he really was, knew what I was going through. It was time someone let me in on it. I was tired of being out of control, emotionally and physically. 
I stood in front of Jasper. I had his attention, but where to begin. 
“What am I?” I asked him.
“You are unique.” He calmly looked back at me.
“Why am I unique? And don’t give me another cryptic answer.” His eyebrow rose at my tone. He seemed to be deliberating about how to answer me. 
“You are a first. It is difficult to know exactly. You have your mother and father in you, witch and Sidhe. But there is something more to you, something that is hidden. I cannot say what that is.” Jasper answered me.
“Can’t or won’t?” Aidan questioned Jasper.
“I would tell you if I knew.” Jasper seemed upset Aidan thought he would withhold information. 
“What will happen to me? What can I expect?” I needed to know what more I would be going through. 
“You will be the most powerful witch I have seen during my lifespan. Your Sidhe powers will make you stronger than any who came before. It is the unknown in you that will define you. To know more about that you need to find the source of the one whose blood runs in your veins.” Jasper explained to me.
I was left reeling from his answer. It was me, Alexa, he was talking about. Powerful witch, mighty Sidhe and something more. Why the hell not? It could never be easy with me. Jasper was studying me as I went through these thoughts. His eyes showed understanding of what I was struggling with. I was suddenly afraid of what was to come. Was I strong enough to be what everyone wanted me to be? I looked between Liam and Aidan. Both were looking back at me with the same expression. It was all too much. 
“You have always been strong, little one. Do not be afraid of what is to come. I see only greatness in front of you.” Jasper informed me.
His voice sounded dim against the sound of my heartbeat pounding in my ears. My pulse raced out of control. Sudden dizziness caused me to lose feeling in my legs. Dots of light colored my vision, haziness clouded my mind. I felt myself falling, arms catching me before I hit the floor. Everything was in slow motion around me. I heard Aidan say something to me before everything faded to black.

Chapter 18 - Alexa

Two vivid emerald eyes greeted me as mine fluttered open. I marveled at the black specs that were floating in their depths. I was cradled in Aidan’s arms, seated on the floor. A worried crease was between his brows. I wanted to smooth it away. For a reason I could not understand, I did not like to see it there. I wondered why we were on the floor. Slowly, remembering, I looked around me to find everyone with the same worried look on their faces. Bet and Elron stood over us, their faces etched with concern. Liam was the only one still seated on the couch, keeping his distance from me. Aidan’s heart was beating quickly, his emotions all over the place. I placed my hand over on his chest, willing him to calm down. The beats slowed, his face relaxing. Amazement replaced the churning feelings that were now under control. 
He carefully stood, picking me up in his arms. Walking to the sofa, he gently placed me there and took a step back. His eyes glowed, a soft smile on his lips. Uncomfortable at being under his watchful eyes, of suddenly being bombarded by his emotions, I wanted nothing more than to disappear. Thankfully, Bet came to sit next to me, still worried. She managed to get Aidan to break his stare. Something had changed. Whether it was something between us or some awakening power, I felt more centered, more aware of everything around me. Bet touched my arm to get my attention. I smiled at her. I was better than fine. 
Liam seemed to be trying to get Aidan’s attention. Standing from his seat on the other sofa, Liam went to his brother. He whispered something to Aidan, which caused him to stiffen. Whatever it was had Aidan floored. His whole demeanor changed, realization had him staring at me. Liam stepped away, his whole demeanor having changed as well. I felt as if some decision was taken away from me. I followed Liam with my eyes as he walked back to the couch. He sat down, his focus still on Aidan.
Whatever was just revealed to Aidan, I knew it threw him. For a second, I felt his heart speed up, hammering in his chest. Dread caused him to flinch before he retreated from me. I would find out what floored him when I got him alone. Liam’s eyes met mine. He quickly looked away; his shoulders slumped as if in defeat. I wanted to somehow comfort him. I felt to blame for what he was feeling.
“Are you really here to help or confuse me more?” I turned my attention back to Jasper.
“I cannot explain everything. You are the first of your kind. What you will become is not completely known to me. I can only see parts.” He explained again.
“Why am I showing powers already?” 
“You’re bonding. It has awakened your growth prematurely. Aidan must be feeling some of its affects as well.”
I looked at Aidan, who was staring resentfully at Jasper. What was this bonding? Why did he not say anything to me? What effects was he feeling? Aidan looked away from me as he debated how much to tell me. I could see he was contemplating not saying anything.
“What?” I asked Aidan. 
“It’s minor things, nothing to worry about.” His response was clipped. He glared at Jasper.
“I think you should tell her some of it.” Liam prodded Aidan. He was avoiding addressing me. I wished I could sense him the way I did Aidan. 
“Besides reading your thoughts, I can sense your emotions.” 
So it was not just me. He was going through the same things. I could tell he just found out why this was occurring. I also knew he was not going to tell me.
“What do you mean?” I asked anyway. His silence was his reply.
“So, is it going to get worse?” I asked Jasper instead.
“I’m sure you will both be able to adapt. As your bonding grows more stable you will each be able to control it.” Jasper still looked worried though. 
“What else?” I wanted to know. “What else will happen?”
“The combining of witch and Sidhe genes alone is unpredictable. It has never happened before. You will have greater powers from both. It is not easy to foresee. There is that unknown element in you.”
“So, I just have to wait.” I felt anger rising in me at the lack of information. Everyone was hiding things from me. A volcano of emotions was growing inside me. Aidan stood suddenly, sensing how volatile I was getting. A look of fear came into his eyes as he looked at the others in the room.
“Bet, Liam, leave now!” He yelled at them. “Elron, get them out of the house. Go!”
Surprised by his outburst, they hesitated before Elron took command, pulling them out of the room. I heard the front door open as they hurried outside. Jasper continued standing in front me, watching me wearily. I tried to control my anger, as I felt something building in me. Aidan tried to reach my side, but he never made it. As he neared me, a burst of light left my fingertips, causing Jasper and Aidan to fall on the floor from the electric discharge. I fell to my knees next to Aidan, scared I had hurt him. 
“Aidan, are you okay?” I frantically shook him. “I’m so sorry, please speak to me. Say something.”
My attention on Aidan, I did not notice Jasper come up beside me to kneel next to me. He placed a hand on Aidan’s chest, satisfied with what he sensed, he spoke to me.
“He’s fine. Give him a moment. You need to better control your emotions.”
“You think!?” I sarcastically remarked.
“If he was able to reach you this wouldn’t have happened.” He informed me.
Aidan started to stir under my hands, his eyes opening. His green eyes found mine, seeing the guilt showing in mine.
“Well, that was interesting.” He joked.
I helped him stand up, as Bet and the others slowly walked back into the room. Their hesitation to look at me made me apprehensive. Would they feel differently about being around me now? Was I a danger to everyone? What more would I put them through? Maybe it would be better to leave and handle this on my own.
“What did you mean it wouldn’t have happened?” I looked to Jasper for an explanation.
“Aidan is your anchor when your emotions get out of control. He stabilizes you.”
“No one said you had an electric personality.” Liam joked, as he came towards me. Under his light comment, I sensed the same unease as in everyone else. He seemed unsure on how close to come to me.  
“And you are not going off on your own. You might as well forget about that.” He added.
“Are you able to read me too now?” Worry they could all read my thoughts made me ask.
“That was not hard to see. It was written on your face.” Bet informed me.
“We are all in this together.” Elron added.
“You will need your friends. And you will not be able to function without your mate.” Jasper went back to sit in his chair. Mate. Was he kidding? Aidan tensed beside me again. We so needed to talk about this privately. From the corner of my eye, I saw Liam leave the room. I wanted to follow him, needed to explain this bonding and mating was something I did not ask for. 
The only thing that stopped me going after Liam was the sudden fatigue that had me reaching for a seat. I wondered why I was so tired, when I realized it should be night by now. Looking towards the window, it was still daylight outside. Aidan followed my eyes, as he came to sit next to me. To reassure me he was fine, he took my hand, pulling it into his. Thankful I did not hurt him; this time at least, I gave him a small smile. I allowed him to hold my hand, knowing he needed the reassurance from me. I looked how I felt, battered, so very tired. Aidan’s lopsided smile faded at what he saw on my face.
“I think we need to rest. Alexa is exhausted. I’ll take her up to her room.” Aidan effortlessly picked me up in his arms, my eyes already closing. He carried me upstairs, reaching my bedroom, he lay me down on the bed. I struggled to stay awake. I had so many questions for him. He covered me with a blanket. I was already asleep by the time he softly closed the door.

Chapter 19 - Aidan

Aidan closed the door to Alexa’s room softly so as not to wake her. He stayed with her for a few minutes after she fell asleep. Once sure she was peacefully sleeping, he was able to leave her. There was a change that had taken place within both of them. For the first time in days, he felt his emotions calm. Needing his own rest, even though he did not require as much as Alexa, he made for his room.
Liam was waiting for Aidan just inside his bedroom doorway. As Aidan walked by, Liam pulled him in, closing his door for privacy. Startled, Aidan could only guess what Liam wanted. He was not ready for it, whatever it was. Liam’s stubborn look let him know he did not have any choice in the matter. 
“You have to tell her. She cannot be running around ignorant of what she will go through.” Liam pressed Aidan.
Aidan rubbed his hands over his face. He was so tired. What he needed was sleep, to have a clear head when he dealt with this. Liam would not let it go. Aidan knew his brother was only reacting this way because he cared. Aidan sighed, walking over to a chair, sinking into it. What Liam told him earlier was still being processed by his mind. It was not something that had occurred for centuries. The fact he and Alexa were bonded, forged the link when they had not even seen each other yet, was another new development. How and why did it happen? How was it possible to form a bond without any contact with the other person? From what he knew, it took at least sight to link them. Alexa had never seen Aidan, but formed the bond with him anyway.
He looked at his brother, questioning why he was insisting he tell Alexa now. He saw the way they reacted to each other. Liam felt the same pull towards her. It was obvious Alexa preferred Liam to him any day. Why tell her something that would only confuse everything more?  
“I know, but she’s not ready. I just need a little more time. I will know when it is completed. I know what to look for now.” Aidan hoped his brother would allow him to handle it. From Liam’s expression, Aidan knew he was conflicted. The bond could take months before it was completed. Until it was fully established, Alexa would be open to Liam’s advances. Did he really want to give her the opportunity? Once they were fully joined, would she still have a choice? Seeing Aidan was conflicted, Liam finally relented, coming to sit next to him. 
Aidan was curious how Liam recognized it. Not even Bet suspected. He was now sure his mother knew. That was why she was studying him, to see how far his feelings for Alexa went. Aidan was also baffled over what he saw happening between Alexa and Liam. His brother now knew of the bond. Would he still encourage Alexa with his interest? Would Alexa prefer Liam to him? What was the point of their being joined if in the end she chose his brother?
“How are you doing?” Liam brought him out of his musings. Aidan had no idea how to answer Liam’s question. His whole being was in another room, standing over Alexa. It was a miracle he was able to leave her. Even though he felt more in control, he still had an overwhelming need to make sure she was safe. Another part of him wanted to keep Liam as far away from her as possible. He had never felt jealous of his brother before, but there was a first time for everything.
“What do you know of this Liam? How did you recognize it?” Aidan was curious how Liam recognized the signs.
Liam avoided his brother’s eyes. His response concerned Aidan. Liam’s eyes darkened to a deep green. Sorrow surrounded him as he spoke. 
“I know because I went through the same thing.” Liam’s answer caused Aidan to reach out to him, only to have Liam stand and walk away. 
“Suffice it to say, she is no longer of this world. That is all I will say on the subject. Know only that it rips you apart if she is taken from you. I will not let you go through what I endured. She is yours, Aidan. You really have nothing to worry about from me.” Liam fiercely told Aidan.
“Yes, but will she feel the same way, Liam? You saw how she is already intrigued by you. And you, I know you well. You can’t hide what you are feeling from me. It is going to get complicated.” Aidan let Liam know.
“You need to explain it to her, Aidan. She needs to be aware. Do not wait too long.” Liam refused to acknowledge his own feelings.  
So many thoughts raced through Aidan’s mind. Aside from the obvious interest Liam felt for Alexa, who was this woman Liam bonded with? His brother never showed any interest in any woman as far as he could remember. When did this take place? How could he have missed it? More importantly, he felt Liam’s anguish and wondered what he could do to help. Short of letting him have Alexa. Alexa was his. He would make her see they belonged together.
“When did this happen, Liam? I don’t understand why you never let us know.” Aidan had a new insight into his brother. His teasing and joking were a cover for the deep hurt he went through. That he was probably still going through. The idea of anything hurting Alexa or taking her from him was enough to drive him mad. How did Liam cope alone with no one to share what he was going through with? 
“I think I would like to rest now. Good night, Aidan.” Liam went through into the bathroom, leaving Aidan alone. There would be an opportunity to discuss it with Liam later. Aidan would make sure of it. He left his brother’s room, going into his own. He lay on the bed, staring at the ceiling for a long time before he finally fell asleep. 

Chapter 20 - Alexa

Somehow I was aware I was dreaming. The sun was blinding me, reflecting off the white sand that stretched out forever. The only sound I heard was crashing waves from somewhere in the distance. I turned around to see where I was, searching for where the sound was coming from. I saw nothing in any direction. Only dunes of sand were visible. The blue sky above me endlessly spanned the horizon. Scorching heat made me sweat, my mouth parched from thirst. Where was I? Which direction should I go? A sound from above made me look up, scanning the sky. I heard a flutter of wings from my right. I spun around, but there was nothing there. Whispered words seemed to be coming from all around me. Was that a giggle I heard? Spinning around again, I tried to find, identify the noise. A strangled cry broke from my throat as fear clutched my heart. Where were the others? I searched with my senses, knowing I would not find them. I was alone. 
A whisper in the hot, scalding breeze hummed my name. No one was there when I turned towards it. I wanted to scream for help, but my voice did not work. The sound of crashing waves grew around me. Should I move? Where could I go? I spun around trying to get my bearings. My senses fought to find something I could identify. All around me was nothing. It was just me on this never-ending desert. My name was whispered again. I would not respond. Whatever it was would have to come to me. I dropped to my knees, sinking into the sand, waiting for something to happen. I did not have long to wait.
In the distance, like a mirage, I saw a swirling mass of sand approaching me like a tornado. It stopped a few feet from me; the edge was twisting sand ripping into me. I stood again, my hands coming up to try to stop the relentless beating. The pain was unbearable. My skin was being ripped off as the sand flew at me. Suddenly, the mass of sand fell apart, and in its place stood a young girl. Small, dressed in a pink sundress, her blond hair billowed in the wind that continued to stir the sand towards me. Her face menacingly looked at me. I stumbled back, away from her. She pointed a finger at me, her eyes shining in a flash of red. 
“You must find it. Why are you waiting?” She accused in her childlike voice.
I did not understand. Who was she? My puzzlement further infuriated her. She grabbed my arm, the heat from her touch burning my skin as she pulled me towards her. How could this little girl be so strong? I tried to pull away as the smell of burning flesh rose to my nose. 
“Remember the cave!” She screamed at me. “Where is it?”
A silent scream broke from me, as I tried to pull my arm away from her. My mind screamed for Aidan, for Liam, anyone to come help me. The little girl faded. In her place was the warlock who attacked us. The sneer on his face and his presence petrified me. I managed to pull myself away from him. 
“How did you break my illusion? Where is the Kaemorra?” He tried to grab me again. 
Free, I started running, not knowing where was safe. I ran for what seemed like hours. Collapsing, I fell on the burning sand, sobbing for someone to help me. 
“Alexa, wake up!” Someone was shaking me, their voice breaking into my dream. “Please wake up.” 
I woke up with my heart racing, clutching the blanket in my hand. Aidan’s face came into view, his worried eyes searching mine. A ragged breath stole from him as he sat next to me, his hair tussled from sleep. 
“You’re safe.” He whispered, his hand coming to rest on my shoulder. I could see Bet and Liam in the doorway. Both of them must have been alerted by my screams. They looked just as disheveled as Aidan.  
Trembling, I sat up, my hands holding onto the blanket to cover me. The dream was so real. Was it possible the warlock had really invaded my subconscious? Was he looking for the crystal, the Kaemorra? I had no idea where it was. Uncertain of anything, I did not know what to make of the dream.
“Aidan, he can come into my dreams.”
“Who?” Aidan tried to make sense of what I said.
“The warlock, Myrick. The one who attacked us. He wants the crystal. He asked me where the Kaemorra was.”
Aidan looked at me; a mixture of emotions stole across his face. He stood, stepping away from me, leaving me to take in his state of undress. The only thing covering him was his jeans. His bare-naked chest drew my eyes. I forced myself to look away as he went to the window, staring out. I stole a glance at the doorway, seeing Liam close his eyes and turn away. He gently pulled Bet with him, closing the door, leaving me alone with Aidan.
“Aidan.” I broke into his thoughts. When his eyes came back to me they were a dark green.
“Yes.” He absently replied.
“What are we going to do?” I asked quietly, as a soft knock sounded on the door.
We both looked at each other, wondering who it could be. Aidan went to the door, pulling it open. It was the last person I wanted to see or deal with. Eliana stood there looking ethereal, beautiful as always. 
“Mother.” Aidan said. 
“We have much to prepare for. Who else is here?” She asked, coming into the room. She ignored me, barely looked at Aidan.
“Us, Elron, Bet, Jasper.” He replied.
“Jasper.” There was surprise in her voice. For the first time since meeting her, it seemed there was something that had thrown her. 
“Yes, I was surprised as well.” He remarked before continuing. “Also, Liam.”
Her eyes opened wide at his announcement. Her usual blank expression was replaced by something else I could not identify. 
“When did he get here?” Her question had a ring of suspicion in it.
“Not long after we did. Why what’s wrong?” Aidan and I looked at her wondering why she was not simply happy Liam was alive. 
Instead of answering, she walked to the door where she stood on the threshold lost in thought. She seemed to come to a decision. 
“We may have a traitor among us. Don’t speak of this to anyone until I’m sure.” Her words settled coldly around me.
“You can’t be thinking it’s Liam?” Aidan asked, stunned.
“I don’t know. He was the only one unaccounted for when we were attacked. Get everyone together. We have plans to make. I’ll see you downstairs.”
“Wait.” Aidan stopped her. “Where are the others? Alexa is worried about her parents and where’s father?”
“We’ll talk downstairs.” She left the room, closing the door behind her.
“I won’t believe it.” Aidan looked at me. “There is no way Liam would betray us!”
I did not believe it either. Although I did not know him well, I felt no duplicity in Liam. He seemed to be genuine. He had a boyish charm and loved to tease his brother. Their closeness was not forced. Liam genuinely loved Aidan. I could not see him hurting us. Aidan knew him better than I did, and I trusted his judgment. So far, even with all the drama between us, he did nothing to make me feel he would harm me. If someone had led that warlock to us it was someone else. My own feelings for Liam may be clouding my judgment. Still, I could not believe it. 
“How long did I sleep?” I asked, still feeling drained of energy. It could not have been for long. 
“About six hours. Not enough.” Aidan could feel how tired I was. “Get dressed and I’ll get the others. Wait for me. I don’t want you having to deal with my mother alone. I’ll come back for you.”
Aidan closed the door behind him after I nodded my head. Alone, I pushed the covers away, swung my legs off the bed to stand up. I was dressed and waiting for Aidan when he knocked on the door a few minutes later. 
 Behind him in the hallway, Bet and Elron were waiting. They both looked as tired as I felt. With his arm across Bet’s shoulder, Elron was listening to Aidan explaining about his mother’s presence. Bet smiled briefly at me while listening to Aidan’s instructions. 
“We’ll meet you downstairs after we get Liam.” Aidan finished. 
They disappeared down the stairs leaving me alone with Aidan. He gently took my arm, pulling me along to Liam’s room, where we found him in bed, snoring softly. Aidan stood by the bed, prodding Liam to wake up. Liam mumbled something, pulling the covers over his head. Exasperated, Aidan yanked the covers away, exposing Liam, who was only in his boxers. Fully spread out on the bed, I had a clear view of his entire body. My previous evaluation of his attributes rose at seeing him fully exposed before me. Blushing, I turned away, walking away from his state of undress. Confusion at my mixed emotions between the two brothers had me struggling to still my heart.
“Get up, Liam! Mother is downstairs waiting for us.” Aidan informed him, while his eyes followed me.
Liam’s eyes blinked, focusing on us. Groaning, he sat up, as he came fully awake. Looking back at him, I was surprised to see the bruises on him already faded. 
“Is father here also?” He asked, as he stood up. Seeing me, he took note of how little he had on. A smile formed on his lips as I continued to stare.
“I only saw mother.” Aidan answered, while looking between us.
Liam stretched, bringing his arms over his head. Naked except for his boxers, he smirked as he saw my eyes running over his body again. What could I say? He was eye candy. Aidan looked at me, reading my thoughts, as Liam reached for a pair of jeans and opened drawers looking for a shirt. I did my best to avoid Aidan’s obvious annoyance. 
“Hurry and get dressed!” Aidan told his brother brusquely.
Liam looked pleased at Aidan’s discomfort. This, Aidan’s ability to read my thoughts, was becoming embarrassing. Shaking his head, Liam went off to the bathroom leaving us in the bedroom’s silence. The seconds stretched between us, until Liam re-entered the room. Seeing us standing in the exact spots he left us, he shook his head again.
“Are you guys coming, or should I go on without you?” Liam laughed at us. He exited the room, leaving us alone.
 We were not going to get any answers standing around. I still needed to know about my parents. Their continued absence was worrying me. There was also the fact I had no idea what was happening to me. Hopefully, Eliana would let us know more than the little she already told us.  
In continued, awkward silence, we followed Liam downstairs. We entered the living room, where we saw Eliana and Jasper standing together whispering between themselves. The rest of our friends were already seated, waiting for us. Eliana broke away from Jasper, taking a single seat facing the sofas. Jasper continued standing where he was. Aidan and I walked to one of the sofas, sitting down on it together. Liam came to sit on the other side of me. I again felt both their presences, and the way each affected me. Aidan seemed to instill a constant level of irritation in me, while Liam was the opposite. His presence brought on a smile whenever he was in the room. Beside me, I could feel Aidan stiffen at my thoughts. I really had to find a way to block him.
“Alexa, Jasper has filled me in on what happened. I’d like to know how you are feeling?” Eliana looked at me curiously.
I did not know how to answer. With everyone looking at me, waiting for me to speak, I tried to put words to all the emotions running through me. I supposed she was talking about me almost electrocuting Aidan. The only thing holding me together was the fact he was sitting next to me. In a way Jasper was right. Aidan did ground me, when he was not aggravating me. If it were not for Aidan’s calming effect, I was sure a repeat of yesterday would happen again. Just Eliana’s presence was enough to make my anger rise. There was a building energy within me that was begging for release. I did not know how to control it or what to do with it. 
“I don’t know.” I answered honestly. “I’m feeling a lot of things.”
Eliana continued to look at me, her eyes locked on mine, trying to see through me. Aidan stirred next to me, as he felt his mother trying to penetrate my mind looking for answers. As the pressure grew stronger, Aidan rose from where he sat.
“Enough, stop it! You’re hurting her.” He stepped in front of me, blocking my view of his mother. Liam, realizing what was happening, turned my face so I was looking at him. The pressure from her invasion grew, drawing a sob from me.
“We need answers.” Eliana answered Aidan.
I felt my anger rising at the intrusion she was still exerting on my mind. Aidan quickly came back to me, kneeling in front of me, taking my head in his hands. I was forced to look away from Liam, my eyes drawn to Aidan’s. Looking into my eyes, he spoke gently to me.
“Breathe, Alexa, focus on me.”
I focused on him. His green eyes, with tiny black specs dancing within them, held mine. I instantly felt calmer, losing myself in the depths of his eyes. Eliana’s hold on me stopped. Somehow, I managed to put up a wall to block any other attempt from her. The anger left me, and I felt Aidan relax. A small grin formed on his face.
“She won’t be able to do that again.” Aidan took hold of my hand, sitting down next to me again. 
“What did she do?” Bet asked from her seat next to Elron. 
“She built a wall to keep mother out. She’s getting stronger every time someone tries to interfere with her. I can feel her magic growing.” Aidan explained, before turning to his mother.
“Aidan, we need to know.” Eliana spoke before Aidan could say anything. 
“Not like that!” He angrily replied. “You will not hurt her.”
Jasper approached me quietly while Aidan and Eliana spoke. He was studying me, but I felt no attempt to read me like Eliana tried to do. I stared back at him, hoping he had some more insights into the changes I was going through. 
“Enough.” Jasper finally spoke. “The girl is remarkable.” He turned to Eliana and Aidan, who stopped their arguing.
“So what else is new?” Liam said, winking at me. “We can all see that.”
Aidan laughed at his brother’s remark. He squeezed my hand for reassurance. 
Eliana looked to Jasper for an explanation of his statement. 
“Alexa, do you know how you built your defense against Eliana?” Jasper asked me.
“No, I only wanted her to stop.”
“Her reflex for survival is strong, stronger than normal. Her magic takes over to protect her from harm.” He explained to us.
“She had a nightmare.” Aidan spoke up. “I had a hard time waking her up from it.”
They all looked at me for an explanation. Reliving my nightmare for them, I shivered as it all came back to me. Putting my feelings into words, made it more real. The warlock would not stop trying to find the Kaemorra. I knew instinctively he would not rest until the crystal was in his possession. I wished I knew where it was.
“You are strong, but not strong enough yet for that.” Jasper stated.
“Do you have a better idea what will happen to me?” I asked.
Jasper looked at Eliana for a response. She looked deep in thought and I waited anxiously for an answer. It was frustrating that between their years of knowledge, I still had no idea what more I would go through. 
“Your mother has some of the powers you exhibited, but there are others that might come into play.” She cryptically said.
“And what are those?” I asked her, angered again at her response. I was so fed up with half answers from her. She smiled at my rudeness. 
“Aside from teleportation, controlling the elements, enhanced senses and visions, she also has a healing gift. She may have more I am not aware of. Don’t forget your father also has his own strengths.” 
“And where are my parents?” I waited for her answer.
“They are following a lead. They should be back by tomorrow.”
“I thought my mom couldn’t come here.” Was that not what she had said? 
“There are ways around everything.” Again with the half answers. I looked at Aidan, and saw the same resignation in him. She would not tell us anything more. 
“And where is father?” Liam asked the question in Aidan’s mind.
“He is away.” Was all she said.
Aidan had enough. He rose pulling me up with him. Eliana made to say something, but he cut her off.
“Alexa and I are going for a walk.” He strode out of the room, his hand dragging me along. Opening the door, he guided me out and slammed it shut. I stayed silent knowing he was fighting his anger and frustration. We stepped into the bright exterior, the question on my mind since we arrived never even left my lips as Aidan answered it.
“It’s never night here.” Aidan explained.
“Oh, no wonder I feel so out of it. How do you know when it’s time to sleep?”
“We usually don’t require much sleep.”
“So what did you do while I slept?” I wondered out loud.
“I thought out a plan.” We started walking towards the gardens. Taking one of the paths, we strolled along the peaceful setting. Flowers of every color for as far as my eyes could see, covered the land before me. Aidan led the way past the shrubs that lined the way. Coming to the end of the trail, we stepped beyond the border where I could see a stream to our left. Once we reached the shore, Aidan settled down on the tall grass next to a tree. Bracing his back against the trunk, he patted the ground next to him. I sat down, leaving room between us. The water glistened like diamonds against the light from above. The sight was mesmerizing. A sense of tranquility settled over me for the first time in days. I felt myself relax into the setting. 
“You can sleep if you want, Alexa.” Aidan pulled me closer, so my head rested on his shoulder. I stiffened at the contact. Whatever was going on between us, this was too intimate. My thoughts drifted to Liam, wondering what he was doing. It felt wrong to be this close to Aidan while thinking of his brother. I heard him sigh in exasperation, pulling me closer to his side.
I was suddenly exhausted. Maybe I could close my eyes for a few minutes. Feeling the heaviness of my eyelids as they came down, I drifted into an uneasy sleep. Somewhere, in the back of my mind, I felt the pressure of someone wanting to intrude into my dreams. Whatever or whoever it was, my mind brought up my newfound wall to keep them out. 

Chapter 21 - Aidan

With Alexa sleeping, Aidan went over what he planned for them. His mother was right, they had a spy in their midst. He knew for certain it was not Liam. Whoever the person was, they had to make sure the spy was left out of what Aidan planned. The only way to make that happen was to distance themselves from the people around them. He had faith in his sister, Liam and Elron. Everyone else was suspect. That included his mother. He had an idea where they could get more information. 
His plan relied on the others going along with it. There was no doubt they would. Keeping things secret until they could get away was going to be difficult. The others could only find out at the last minute. His mother could easily read their thoughts, which would give them away. He knew where they needed to start. From there, the next step would be more difficult. They must make sure the place was not occupied. He had a plan for that as well.
He could also not ignore what he felt growing between Alexa and Liam. His brother was intrigued with her. How could he not be? She was exceptional. Her thoughts and emotions betrayed her. She was also just as mesmerized by his brother. How could that be? If the joining had taken place, why was she interested in Liam? As much as Aidan loved his brother, Liam must understand Alexa was his now. Aidan was not going to lose her.
Looking down at Alexa as she slept, he vowed to protect her. She needed to know what was happening between them, sooner rather than later. It would be difficult to keep it from her; he was having a hard time keeping his distance from her. His need to touch her, hold her was overpowering what little restraint he had. She needed time to adjust, to accept what was taking place. Pushing her was not an option. He must keep control of his emotions. There would come a time when she would find herself in his position. He needed to be strong for her, not rush her until she understood. Alexa gave a small sigh, her hand curling against his chest, a smile of contentment on her face. She moved closer to him, her hair tickling his nose. Gently, he placed his hand over hers, softly holding it. 
She was incredible. There was so much strength deep within her. She was unaware of it. It only made him want to be there even more when she became all he felt she would be. He would handle things for her now. Be her strength and protection. When what Jasper told them came to be, she would be stronger than all of them. He smiled, looking down at her. Somehow he must make her understand they were meant to be together. Her perception of him was going to be a problem. He needed to show her who he was. 
In all his years, he had never fought for a woman. Alexa was going to be a challenge. He was excited at the prospect of winning her over. Any interest she held in Liam would have to be extinguished. His brother would have to keep his distance. He had no doubt Liam would respect his claim to Alexa.
Jasper was also right in that they needed to understand what else was inside her. From the start, Aidan knew there was something more beneath the surface. Alexa’s awakening powers were not only because of their bond. Her ancestry was behind it. From listening to her and her mother’s conversation in the garden, he understood that Meredith was someone beyond a witch. There was only one place that held records old enough to find out the truth. 
They would start there. Aidan was sure the place was unoccupied. It was the repository of records of all beings. Somewhere within its library they would find what they needed. Then they would plot their course on what they must do next. No one would influence them. 
Her steady breathing eased his restless thoughts, letting himself relax for the first time in days. He closed his eyes, concentrating on the rise and fall of her chest. Finally, he drifted off to sleep.

Chapter 22 - Alexa

I woke gradually. A tickling sensation drew me from my dreamless slumber. Sounds grew, replacing the silence of moments ago. My eyes hazily opened at the feeling of something light fluttering on my face again. Raising my head, I saw Aidan holding a long blade of grass, gliding it across my cheek.
“Wake up, sleepy. My legs are numb.” He smiled lazily. 
I pulled away from him, giving him space as he elongated his legs. He stretched as much as he could with me still half on top of him. Grimacing at what was probably the pins and needles he was feeling, he tried to extricate himself from under me so he could stand. Flustered at our intimate position, I sat up as well, giving him more room to move. Free from me, he stood, walking around, trying to get the feeling back in his legs. 
“How long was I asleep?” I avoided looking at him. My mind was still muddled from sleep. Time really had no meaning here. The day seemed to stretch on forever. Walking back to me, he pulled me up. He studied my face, while I focused on anything but him. 
“Almost eight hours. You looked so peaceful I didn’t want to wake you.” He answered me. His hand brushed away some dirt from my jeans, while his eyes continued to search my face. Not finding what he was looking for, a slight frown formed on his lips.
“And no one came to look for us?” My body seemed to hum in response to his touch. Before I could pull away, he took my hand in his, guiding me back to the path towards the house. I gave in and let him hold it. 
“I think Elron came by a while ago. I must have dozed off myself for a while.” He said from beside me.
“Do you think we should go back?” I asked, not really wanting to, but knowing we had no choice. My mind strayed to Liam, wondering where he was. Aidan must have known what I was thinking because he let go of my hand, continuing to walk ahead without me.
“I suppose we should. But I’ve come up with a plan on how to get answers.” He said, not looking back.
His posture told me how much my thoughts of his brother annoyed him. I could not help it. I was truly confused about my conflicted feelings. Being linked to Aidan, I could sense everything he tried to hide. I still had no idea what being bonded meant. At times, he was able to control what he was experiencing. Now, his annoyance at my thinking of Liam was coming through loud and clear. The only thing I knew for sure was I did trust Aidan. Even though Liam was ever-present between us, Aidan had a way of centering me. Still, I had to avoid close contact with both of them. I could tell I was causing tension between them. There were more pressing issues than my reaction to the two of them. We needed a plan and whatever Aidan had come up with, I would go along with it. We needed those answers. 
“What is it?” I asked him, following as he led the way.
“Just follow my lead. The sooner we can force their hand the better.” He replied. 
He had slightly relaxed. I was sure he was reading me. His back was to me as he walked, I wondered at his age. I had no idea how old he was. He looked about twenty-five. I heard a laugh escape his lips. I really needed to find a way to block him. Thinking about blocking made me remember something.
“Aidan, I think someone was trying to get into my dreams again.” I informed him, as we continued back to the house.
“Was it the same as before?” Aidan wanted to know, suddenly worried. He stopped and turned to face me. 
“I think so. But I was able to keep whoever it was out. I think what happened with your mother helped.” 
“Don’t mention it to anyone yet. Let’s see how much we can get out of my mother and Jasper first. They know more than they are saying.” He took my elbow, gently guiding me back to the house. We reached the front door and entered. 
There was a heated discussion going on in the living room. Raised voices carried into the hallway. They stopped as we entered the living room. Bet was standing next to her mother, clearly upset with her. Her eyes found mine and I could tell she had been crying. Elron, alone on the other side of the room, held himself rigid. He was fighting the urge to comfort Bet.
“What’s going on?” I asked, wanting to know why Bet was so upset. Aidan stood next to me, just as upset to see Bet in tears.
“It is a private matter.” Eliana spoke.
“No, it’s not!” Bet angrily said. “Mother seems to be of the opinion she can tell me who to be with.”
“Elisabet, that’s enough!” Eliana looked to Aidan, expecting him to agree with her.
“Bet, come here.” Aidan said.
Bet walked warily towards her brother, not knowing what he might say. Her eyes stole to Elron, as he watched her approaching Aidan. I wanted to say something, but Aidan’s look stopped me.  
“Elron, you too, get over here.” Elron walked slowly towards Aidan. I waited to see what Aidan would do. 
Once they were standing in front of him, Aidan stood silently, his hands held out open in front of Bet and Elron. They both appeared to understand what he was doing. Eliana was clearly agitated at what was taking place. Finally, Aidan took Bet and Elron’s right hands and placed them together. Bet’s eyes flew to Aidan’s face, as understanding passed between them.
“Aidan, what are you doing?” Eliana spoke harshly. She looked ready to leap at the joined hands. Not knowing what was going on, I waited for some indication. I trusted Aidan. He would not hurt Bet.
Aidan ignored his mother as he looked at Elron, wanting to know if he understood. I knew something important was happening, but did not know exactly what. Elron merely smiled at Aidan. Satisfied, Aidan closed his eyes. 
The two hands clasped together gave off a brief bluish-white glow before it disappeared. I was surprised to see ribbons of multi-colored lights form around their joined hands, wrapping Bet and Elron within their brilliance. The lights shimmered as they settled between them, fading out just as suddenly as they appeared. Realizing this was some sort of ceremony, I smiled at Bet’s obvious happiness. Bet, smiling through happy tears that were flowing freely, turned to Elron and jumped into his arms. 
“There that’s done. Mother, you mean well, but some things are beyond your control.” Aidan pinned his mother with a glare. His anger was palpable. 
From across the room, I found Liam staring at me. I quickly averted my eyes. What I saw in his eyes had my heart racing. I could still feel his gaze on me. There was such sorrow emanating from him. Every instinct wanted to go to him, but I forced myself to stay where I was. I instead refocused on what was being said.  
“You had no right!” Eliana’s anger boiled.
“I have every right. As her brother, you know that. They’ve been together for centuries. It’s about time they got to enjoy it.”
Eliana stood stunned at his pronouncement. She looked from Bet to Elron, she was clearly not aware of their involvement. How could that be? Obviously she was not as insightful as I thought. Jasper mentioned a bond between me and Aidan. Was this the same for Bet and Elron? We still had not talked about it. Glancing at Aidan, I was now even more curious about his age. If Bet and Elron had been together centuries and Aidan was older than Bet, how old was he really? 
My train of thought was interrupted as my eyes picked up a shimmer of light. Was this still from the ceremony? Looking at it, I noticed it was wrapped around Aidan, not anywhere near Bet and Elron. I followed the thread of light, picking up more colors spinning around Aidan. They stretched outward, running the length between me and Aidan. I lifted my hand, noticing the light as it skimmed my skin. It flowed back towards Aidan, glowing brighter than before. The light disappeared, making me wonder if I imagined it. Aidan noticed my eyes following the threads; he shook his head at me before I mentioned them.
“Alexa and I will be leaving. We need to search for her mother. She should be able to help Alexa with what she is going through.” Aidan informed his mother.
“You can’t.” Eliana’s usual calm gave way to panic.
“We’ll come with you.” Bet said, as Elron nodded.
“What has gotten into all of you?” Eliana was losing control.
“It seems we need to look for answers elsewhere. We are obviously not getting any here.” Aidan angrily replied to her.
From the other side of the room, we heard someone clearing their throat. Jasper came to stand before me. His eyes seemed to be looking for something, searching my face for an answer to a question. I fidgeted as he stared at me.
“Be careful out there. Stay close to Aidan at all times and do not trust anyone.” He faced Eliana, his face serene as he spoke to her.
“It is the way it must be. Liam has to go with them.” 
“How can you be sure? What if…?” She stopped without finishing her sentence.
“It’s not Liam.” Aidan broke into their conversation. Liam started at the mention of his name, disbelief on his face. Realization of what he was being accused of dawned on him. He looked at his mother, anger rising on his face. Before he could ask or say anything, Jasper spoke up. 
“No, it’s not. But someone close none the less.” Jasper told Aidan. “Be careful, that’s all I can say.”
“As always, very helpful.” Aidan sarcastically replied. “Let’s get ready. We’ll meet you outside in an hour.” He addressed Bet and Elron, who quickly left the room. 
Giving his mother a last look, he led me out and up the stairs to my room. Liam remained behind. He was incensed about being accused of betraying us. It would not be pleasant in that room. 
Aidan left me at my door with instructions to get ready, pack necessities only. Getting my things together took less than five minutes. I did not have much with me. I walked over to his room where he was already changed. He started packing items he thought we would need. Giving me his backpack once he finished filling it, he went to the closet and pulled out his sword. Using a sheath that he placed across his chest, he inserted the sword in the opening on his back. He took out a long leather coat and slipped it on. With the sword now hidden from view, he stopped and found me staring at him. 
Black leather pants rode low on his hips, his white T-shirt under the black coat allowed a hint of skin to show on his stomach. There was no denying he was a warrior out of any girl’s fantasy. The glint in his eye let me know he knew exactly what I was thinking. He seemed pleased with my thoughts. Too bad his smug reaction brought out instant irritation in me.
With a purposeful stride he came to stand in front of me. He used his arm to wrap around my waist, pulling me towards him as his lips claimed mine. Unable to break away, frozen by my shock, he explored my mouth, my hands pressed against his chest. Slowly, realization had me pushing to break his hold. Aidan stopped when he felt my resistance. Before I could voice my indignation at his presumption, he walked out of sight into the bathroom.
A soft knock made me jump. Liam’s voice came through the closed door, asking if we were ready. Guilt at what occurred coursed through me. I was glad Liam had not witnessed the kiss. 
“Give us a minute.” Aidan called out to Liam from the bathroom. He came out, eyes narrowed angrily at me. 
“Uh, I’ll meet you outside.” Liam called through the door.
I stood stunned for a moment at what was happening. I turned away from his glare, my fingers tracing my lips, feeling the way they still tingled from his kiss. The sounds of his progress around the room as he continued getting prepared had me pivoting to face him. The words I was ready to blast him with died on my lips. The flickering lights between us were back. My hand traced one as it glowed brighter. With his back to me, I saw him tense, the light shimmering before me vanishing. We needed to discuss this. Not now, soon. I heard his curt words in my head. 
Looking around the room one last time, he grabbed the bag from me and hefted it over his shoulder. Now that the time had come for us to leave the safety of this land, I was feeling nervous about what awaited us back on the other side. 
“We’ll be fine. Just stay close to me.” His voice held no warmth.
Knowing we had no choice and eager to find my mother, I was ready to look for answers. We were getting nowhere here. As we left the room, I gave one last glance back, hoping I could come back here once everything settled down.
Descending the stairs, we saw Eliana waiting for us at the bottom. Jasper stood at the doorway of the living room, his eyes following our steps downward. Where he was showing his usual calm, Eliana was clearly upset. 
“Aidan, please don’t do this.” She implored him.
“We are getting nothing accomplished here, Mother. They won’t stop looking for Alexa. It’s just a matter of time before they find us. We have to keep moving.”
“Be careful.” Eliana said, finally resigned to our leaving.
Aidan gave her a small nod before opening the door to guide me out. The rest of our party were milling around outside waiting for us. Bet and Elron walked side by side along the path, while Liam paced back and forth in front of the door. Seeing us, they came over to where we were. I tried not to look at Liam. There was no point in further aggravating Aidan. Aidan was already incensed enough. I did not want to make things more uncomfortable.
“So what’s the plan? Where do we go to first?” Elron asked Aidan.
“Alexa’s house.” Aidan said looking at me. “We may find something there.”
“What do you mean? My apartment was blown up.” I was confused about where he wanted us to go.
“Sorry, I meant the house your mother was staying at.” Aidan explained. 
“All right. Let’s get this party started!” Liam rubbed his hands together. “Lead the way.”
His enthusiasm broke the tension. We all walked towards the end of the path, stopping at the start of the tree line. Bet, Elron and Liam disappeared first. Aidan took hold of my hand, as we followed the others. 
We appeared again a few steps behind the others in front of my mother’s house. The one she moved into after I ran away. The small cottage was the last on the street. It stood alone surrounded by large trees, almost hiding it from view. After days of never-ending light, we arrived after dark. The house looked deserted. No lights were on inside. The dim lighting of the street did nothing to make the neighborhood inviting. It brought to mind numerous horror movies. I started walking to the front door, but Aidan stopped me with his hand. Giving a sign to Liam and Elron, they stepped up to the door and tried the knob. The door opened freely. I found it strange the door was unlocked. 
Liam stepped inside first, disappearing from view. After a few minutes, I saw the light in the living room go on. He appeared again at the front door to wave us in.
“All clear. Not a mouse in sight.” He grinned at us.
“Be alert!” Aidan said, as he walked with me and Bet to the door. Elron stood guard outside.
Inside the house was quiet. The humming of the refrigerator was the only sound to be heard. If my mother had been there, she left no sign. I walked further in the room taking in all the familiar items before me. My mom had moved in, unpacked our things into this house, making it into a real home. I felt sadness, mixed with guilt, thinking of her there alone. 
I left the living room and continued into the kitchen. Turning right, I exited to the hallway facing the stairs going up. Aidan’s hand stopped me before I could take the first step. His need to protect me was getting tiresome. 
“Let me go first.” He said, going past me up the stairs. 
Shaking my head at his order, I followed him slowly, nervous of what we might find. At the top of the landing, I stopped, waiting for Aidan to finish checking the rooms. The first door led to my room where everything was set up as if I were really living there. Aidan stepped back to let me through. I felt remorse over what my mom must have gone through. 
Finding nothing out of place, I walked through to my mother’s room. Her room was immaculate. Everything had also been put in its place. Frustrated with finding no answers, I turned to leave the room. At the doorway, from the corner of my eye, I caught a slight blue glow from her bureau. 
I approached slowly, apprehensive at what it might be. Aidan followed behind me closely, as he drew his sword. On the bureau there was a small snow globe. It was one my mother purchased when we stopped at a carnival last year. There was a light glowing inside it. I turned to look at Aidan and could see that he did not see it. Reaching out I picked it up, gazing inside it to identify what it was. 
At my touch the light grew, casting an image of my mother so she was standing in front of me. Her appearance surprised me. The sudden image of her made me back away, bumping into Aidan who was standing behind me. Feeling my fear, Aidan put his hand on my shoulder. 
“You don’t see it?” I asked, to be sure only I was seeing the projection.
“I only sense magic. What are you seeing?” 
“It’s my mother, a projection of some sort.” I turned the globe around in my hand. There must be more to it. Looking at its base, there were words written all along the edge. I tried to read them, but could not make sense of them. Holding it out to Aidan, I let him see the writing.
“What do you think this means?” I handed it to him, hoping he would be able to interpret the words. The second he took it from my hands the image of my mother disappeared. Recognizing what the lettering was, he looked at me with a raised eyebrow.
“It’s Sidhe. Ancient to be exact.”
“What does it say?” 
“Roughly it translates to ‘Read Me, See Me, Hear Me’.” Aidan gave the globe back to me. The image of my mother reappeared as I held it. He said the words in Sidhe for me. In my hand, the globe vibrated, the image of my mother starting to move. She looked anxious, as she started pacing in front of me. Realizing she was speaking, I forced myself to listen to what she was saying.
“Alexa, I have made it so that only you can hear me, but only with the help of Aidan. I had to make sure he would be with you. I don’t have much time. I need you to remember. You were only eleven, but you had so much fun there that I’m sure you’ll find the place again. I will be waiting. Tell Aidan only. Do not speak it out loud. There are ears everywhere. Come quickly. There is not much time left. I am waiting. Hurry!” My mother’s image dissolved once she finished speaking. With it now inanimate in my hand, I placed the globe back on the bureau. 
“We need to go. I know where we have to go. My mother is waiting for us.” His look told me he understood.
Where are we going? His question formed in my mind. 
Cape Cod. I sent back to him.
If he was surprised, he did not show it. Hiding his sword again, he scanned my mind for the location. I showed him the place we needed to be. 
“Let’s get everyone. We can get there easily.” 
Leaving the room, we made our way back downstairs where Bet, Elron and Liam were standing in the living room. As we entered, they gathered around us. We could not tell them out loud where we were going, but explained as much as we could. 
“We have a place to be.” Aidan told them, as he showed them the image. “Let’s get there quickly.”
I placed my hand in Aidan’s while the others vanished. With a squeeze of my hand, Aidan transported us to the house I spent the best summer of my life in. 
Standing in front of the weathered cedar house, I took a step towards it. Aidan forcefully put himself in front of me, barring my way. I was getting irritated with his constantly holding me back. It was becoming a habit with him. His eyes scanned the outside of the house for any dangers. Seeing none, he walked towards the house as I followed exasperated behind him. The rest of our group hung back, covering us from behind.
The door flew open before we reached the front steps. Seeing my mother step out, I ran by Aidan, finding myself wrapped in her arms. She held me close to her, sighing heavily as she released a breath. I was so glad to see her, knowing she was safe. Releasing her I looked into her face to see tears shimmering in her eyes. Movement in the doorway had me looking into the eyes of my father. Smiling, he stepped towards me. My mother stepped out of the way, giving him space to step around her.
“Alexa, everyone, come in. It’s safe here.” He said before engulfing me in a bear hug. My arms came hesitantly around his waist, as I hugged him back. He released me, but kept one arm across my shoulder. With his other, he drew my mom next to him. Together we walked into the house.

Chapter 23 – Alexa

I stepped into the house that held so many fond memories. My mom and I spent three months there over the summer break when I was eleven. The house stood atop one of the tallest dunes on the northeast side of the Cape. Its windows overlooked the ocean, while the beach below gave us the privacy my mom was always looking for. The smell of cedar from the clapboards gave the house a fresh, woodsy smell. Everything looked exactly as I remembered it.
Walking into the kitchen, the table was set with all my favorite desserts. My mom stood to the side to let me through. I stepped up to the table and picked up a sweet roll. Biting into its moistness, I smiled at my mom. It was just like I remembered.
“Everyone, come sit down. We have a lot to catch up on.” My mom let everyone come into the kitchen. Aidan came and pulled a chair out for me so I could sit. He took the one next to me as Bet and Elron sat down across from us. Liam stood at the door, hesitating before deciding to come join us. He had a puzzled look on his face, as he took a seat. 
“So, I’m guessing that Alexa likes sweets.” He said, pointing to the spread before us. 
The table held every cake, pie, bun and chocolate confection I adored. My mom knew me too well. Smiling sheepishly, taking hold of a piece of chocolate, I took a bite and rolled my eyes in pleasure. 
“I guess we could eat something healthy too.” I addressed my mom.
“Are you feeling tired?” Mom asked me instead.
“I haven’t had much rest, but I’m feeling fine.”
“You need sugar to replenish your energy.” She motioned to the table.
Aidan grinned at her comment, as if he understood. Baffled, I looked at the spread before me feeling hunger gnaw at me. I picked up another sticky bun, chewing on it happily. Liam laughed at me, as he looked between Aidan and my mom. Bet took pity on me, offering an explanation.
“Sugar powers your strength. If you feel tired all you need to do is add some sugar to your system.”
A tingling sensation was spreading through my veins, as if to prove her right. The tiredness I was feeling washed away as the sugar worked into my system. There were worse things to eat I guessed. I would probably be big as a house, but the power was exhilarating. 
“Don’t worry. Your power will burn most of that away.” Aidan said to my unspoken thought.
Finishing off the bun in my hand, I reached for a piece of the chocolate cake. Mom, with a sweep of her hand, changed the table setting to hold different meats, baked potatoes, vegetables and salads. The ease with which she was able to transform the table surprised me. There was so much I had to learn about my mother and her powers. Liam’s reaction to the fare on the table was to grab a chicken drumstick and bite heartily into it. 
“Now that’s food!” He mumbled with his mouth full.
Elron laughed as he grabbed a plate, piling food on it and then passing it to Bet. Once he had a plate of his own, he started devouring the contents. Aidan stood behind my chair silently, as I finished off my cake. Turning to look at him, I saw his eyes fixed on Rider. Aidan had a worried crease on his forehead. 
“What’s up?” I tugged on Aidan’s arm to get his attention. His eyes returned to me, hiding whatever was going on between him and my father. Rider came towards the table, pulling up a chair to sit in front of me. He took my hands in his, giving a glance at Aidan, before starting to explain.
“We know who the warlock is who attacked us.” 
Aidan took a plate, choosing his pick of foods and then sitting down next to me. Curious, I looked at my father waiting for him to continue. His brow was furrowed, he held out his hand to my mom. She glided to stand beside him. The memory of the man’s scarred face was ingrained in me. I needed to know who he was, why he wanted me dead. 
“Who is he?” I asked, waiting for an answer.
“His name, as you know, is Myrick. You knew him when you were younger as Adam.” Rider looked at my mom, who sat down beside him. Adam was a friend of my mother’s. He stayed with us for a while before he disappeared. Actually, I had not seen him since we came to the house that summer long ago. 
“We came here to get away from him, didn’t we?” I asked my mom.
“Yes, I had grown suspicious of him.” She answered me.
How could the man who always made me laugh, been nice to me, be the same man who looked at me with such hatred and anger? What changed him? How did his gentle face become so hideous with that scar across it? 
“The summer before we came here, your father overheard a conversation between Myrick and another Sidhe. This was right after the explosion at your school. Rider couldn’t make out who it was Myrick was speaking with, but the conversation was about you and how they planned to turn you over to the one in charge.” My mother explained, looking at my father to continue.
“They noticed me listening and attacked me. I was able to overpower them. I returned to warn your mother.”
“The scar, it was you?” He nodded, unhappily.
Liam rose from his seat, giving a sign to Aidan to follow him to the other room. Something was troubling Aidan, as he rose to follow him. My senses picked up his mood, but my father continued speaking to me, bringing my focus back to what he was saying. 
“Myrick is strong, but the magic I felt around him was more pronounced than it should have been. It was as if someone was magnifying it. We need you to find the Kaemorra. We can’t let them get to it before us.” My father stressed.
“I don’t know where it is.” I said, frustrated. “Only that it is somewhere warm.”
With another look passing between them, my father stood up, letting my mother take over. From the other room, I could hear Aidan and Liam heatedly discussing something. Bet and Elron took notice as well, leaving the room to join them. My thoughts and senses were attuned to the other room, but my mother brought me back to what she was saying.
“Alexa, you have already felt some of your powers, but you need help in channeling them. I think I can help you with that.” She reached up to unclasp a pendant that was hanging around her neck. She placed it in my hand. My fingers wrapped around it, feeling a strange connection to it. I held it up, studying it and the emblem that was stamped on it. The image of a trident surrounded by five dolphins seemed to shimmer from it. Not sure how this was supposed to help me, I looked inquiringly at my mother. She took it from my hand, clasping it around my neck. I immediately felt a calmness seep into me, felt my senses heighten. 
“Can you feel the energy from it?” My mother put her hand over mine.
“I’m not sure. I feel calm.” Aidan walked into the room anxiously looking at me. Noticing the pendant around my neck, he visibly relaxed. I looked at him wondering why he was nervous. 
“It’s nothing.” He assured me. “I only felt a change. It was as if you were far away.”
“It won’t stop the link between you; only make it easier for Alexa when you aren’t near. It will also make it easier for her to control her powers.” She stood to let Aidan come near me, sensing he needed reassurance. With Aidan close, I felt a surge in the pendant around my neck. It seemed to come alive the closer he was to me. At his touch, I felt myself drift out of my body. An image of a glowing gem danced in front of me. I reached out to touch it, but my hand went through it. Like a mirage, it called to me. Somewhere from beyond, I heard water dripping. The walls of the cave were bathed in its illuminating glow. 
“What do you see?” My mother asked.
“A cave. The crystal, I mean the Kaemorra, is in a cave.” I whispered, afraid if I spoke it would disappear.
“Do you see where?” 
I looked around me, but could not see anything except rock surrounding me. Turning my head, I noticed a tunnel leading somewhere off to the left. It looked like an entrance, but it was too dark to see clearly. Standing from my chair, I walked towards it only to have the image fade.  
“It’s all right. You will see it again.” My mother reassured me.
Putting my hand up to touch the pendant, I hoped my mother was right. Glancing at Aidan, he seemed preoccupied with what was happening in the other room, where I could hear Liam and Elron arguing. Bet came back into the kitchen looking upset, her eyes sought Aidan’s, beseeching him to fix what was going on between the two men in the other room.
“Do something.” She told him.
“What’s going on?” I looked back and forth between them.
Aidan left without answering me, going back to see whatever was going on. I followed behind him, worried what they were arguing about. As we entered the room, the arguing stopped. Elron and Liam both wore determined looks, as they faced each other. 
“Someone explain what all this is about.” I waited for an answer.
“Liam wants to leave.” Elron spoke, poking at Liam’s shoulder.
“Why? I don’t understand.” I looked at Liam for an answer. He avoided eye contact with me. Panic made me take a step towards him. I could not let him leave. I needed him. 
Aidan sighed heavily, turning his back to us. I was torn between keeping my distance and wanting to go to Liam. Liam shook his head at me. 
“Everyone has doubts about me. My mother seems to think I betrayed you all. I can’t be around you splitting your attention, wondering if I will do something against you.” Liam glared at Elron, and then looked at me. 
I walked up to him, giving him no choice but to deal with me. Gone was the playful Liam who made me smile, in his place stood a man who was torn. He was serious. He thought we doubted him. Putting my hands on his shoulders, everyone held their breath waiting to see what I would do. My pendant grew warm against the hollow of my neck. Suddenly I could sense, feel Liam’s essence. Wonder filled me as I explored this new sensitivity. It was as if someone had turned on the lights, bringing me out of darkness. Deep within me, I knew he was true to us. While he felt we doubted him, I also saw he did not want to hurt Aidan. His wanting to leave was because of the bond between me and Aidan.  
“You are going nowhere!” I told him forcefully. “We need you. I need you. All of us trust you. Others can think what they want, but we know you would never betray us. That is all that matters.” I did not add it would hurt me if he left, that I would miss him. Somehow, I knew he understood.
“She is right.” My mother remarked, as she came into the room. “You are needed here.”
Liam relaxed under my hands. Sensing Aidan’s reaction to my touching Liam, I removed my hands from his brother’s shoulders. Elron gave Liam a punch in the arm in response. His eyes downcast, Liam looked like a lost little boy. I felt for him, being under suspicion by his own mother must be hurting him. He looked up as Aidan approached him. I stepped away to give them space. 
“You should know that I told her that it wasn’t you. When she brought it up to me, I told her it had to be someone else. My brother, my best friend, would always have my back.” Aidan spoke from the heart, trusting Liam to do the right thing. 
Liam finally let a grin show on his face. He dipped his head at Aidan’s words, accepting the trust being placed on him. He left Aidan, coming to me, his eyes gleaming with an unspoken emotion. Silently he gazed at me, I sensed what he was feeling, but gave him time to find his words. 
“I am yours.” He voiced his commitment to me, finally letting a full blown smile out. “I stand with you always.”
Smiling back at him, I voiced what I had always felt from him. “You would never let me down.”
I gave him a big hug letting him know he was one of us. His arms wrapped around me, holding me close. I felt the moment he realized the embrace was affecting Aidan. I too noticed him stiffen when Liam held me. I was thrown by the conflicted feelings the two were creating in me. All I knew was I must hold the group together. There should be no doubts between us. 
Letting Liam go, I looked around at my new friends. Aidan’s tentative smile showed me his gratitude for reassuring Liam. I had everything I needed in this room. Bet slowly came to me, taking my hand, putting it up against her cheek. Needing me to read her, I felt her energy through my newly formed senses. Her absolute faith in me astonished me with its strength. Smiling, she held out her hand to Elron who moved towards me. She took my hand and placed it on his cheek. Strong and courageous, his love for Bet, his deep loyalty to Aidan, shone through to his core.
Aidan was the last to come to me. He stood before me silently waiting for me to touch him. I did not need to. His commitment was there from our first meeting. It was all there in his eyes as he looked into mine. Overwhelmed with his emotions, I stepped away from him. It was too much for me. His hurt was evident on his face. 
“Alexa, I would like a moment with you alone please.” My mom broke into the tense moment.
As everyone filed out of the room, Aidan waited till everyone was gone before speaking.
“I too need to speak with you. There are things you must know.”
“I know. I’m sorry, Aidan. I seem to be causing you more trouble than I’m worth.” I answered him.
“You are worth more than you can possibly imagine. I will leave you with your mother for now.” He walked out of the room, leaving silence in his wake.
“Come. Sit with me.” My mom took my hand, leading me to the sofa. Once we were seated, she faced me, understanding on her face.
“Talk to me. It must be disturbing not understanding what is going on.” 
“I keep hurting him. I feel his pain when I think of Liam. And I can’t help myself. I feel differently about each of them. Aidan is strong, trustworthy. He should be enough, but my heart is being drawn to Liam. Liam is, well he is Liam. He makes me laugh. I can’t explain it. This thing between Aidan and me, I don’t get it. How are we able to communicate like we do? Why do I see these ribbons of colors around us? I’m so confused.” I blurted everything out, not knowing if I made any sense.
“Alexa, I will let Aidan explain to you what has occurred between you two. It’s not something that I know of first hand. As much as your father and I love each other, the bond has never taken place between us. It only happens rarely. As for Liam, I can understand you taking a liking to him. He is easy to like. The fact that you like both of them is a bit peculiar.” She looked just as perplexed as I was.
“I don’t understand. Why is that strange?” I looked to her for some understanding.
“With the bond forming, it shouldn’t be possible for you to have feelings for someone else.” My mom explained.
“What, I don’t have any say in it? I hardly know Aidan. I’m supposed to be with him no matter what? What about Liam?” 
“Like I said, I don’t know everything about the bonding. It hasn’t been long. Your feelings may change. You may look at Aidan differently. You’ll have to let him explain. I can only advise you to take things slowly. You’re young, Alexa, too young to be in this dilemma. You cannot come between two brothers. I counsel you to stop and think before you do anything that you cannot undo.” Her words made sense. If only my heart would listen. 
“I’ll try. I’ll listen to Aidan, but that doesn’t mean I will follow this bonding. He has to understand this is not something I asked for.” Liam was still someone I wanted to know. If nothing came of it, at least I would have no regrets. I knew he felt something too. 
“That’s all I have to say on this. You do have free will, Alexa. Now getting back to why we are here, we need to plan.” My mom broke into my thoughts.
“Where should we start?” I looked to her for guidance.
“Come, I have something to show you.” She stood, walking towards the front door. 
I followed her out into the kitchen where we found Bet and Elron still eating. Aidan and Liam were absent. I searched for them with my senses and saw they were near the cliff. They were talking, but I could not hear their conversation. What I would not give to be able to listen in on their talk. 
Chapter 24 - Liam

Everything was a mess. His very presence was causing his brother pain. Offering to leave had been a solution for all of them. He knew if he left, Alexa would come to realize she belonged with Aidan. Now, he was forced to stay, to fight his own attraction to his brother’s mate. If Aidan were not his brother, he would not think twice about getting closer to Alexa. He had to maintain his distance, however. Find some way to get her to see they had no future.
His mission would be to do everything in his power to get her to see he was not for her. Even just the thought brought him unbearable pain. He was at a loss to understand why it was happening. Knowing he had no chance in the end, did little to offer him comfort. It would have been best for him to leave them.  
Seeking out his brother, he left the house, looking for where Aidan had gone. With Alexa now with her mother, he took the opportunity to corner Aidan. Seeing him standing alone at the edge of the property, Liam’s purposeful stride brought him up next to Aidan. They needed to discuss Alexa. Liam knew in the end it was out of his hands, but Aidan needed to listen to him.
“You have to tell her!” Liam told Aidan, once he reached him.
His brother was silent, continuing to stare out into nothing. Liam took hold of his arm, turning him so he could see his brother’s face. What he saw had him shaking his head. It was worse than he thought. His brother was losing all control. Anger, pain was rising to consume him. Liam had no idea how to help. 
“Liam, please leave it alone.” Aidan managed to get out.
“This is why I wanted to leave. You can hardly contain yourself. How long before we are at each other’s throats?” Liam kept hold of Aidan. 
“I will get control back. Just give me a few minutes.” Aidan pulled away. 
“I promise you, Aidan, I will find a way for her to lose whatever attraction she thinks she is feeling for me. You know it is not real.” 
“Do I? How can you be sure her feelings are not real? Maybe she will pick you. Wouldn’t you like that?” Aidan turned his fury on Liam.
Liam shook his head. It was already starting. Before long, Aidan would have no choice but to challenge him. That is the way it went when the bonding was not yet fully formed. Liam knew the only way for all of them was for Alexa to lose interest in him. He would find a way. It would be easier for everyone, including him. The bond would override any feelings Alexa held for him. In the end, she would still be Aidan’s.
“I’m sorry, Liam. I didn’t mean it. Give me a few minutes, please. Let me get control of myself.” Aidan interrupted his thoughts. 
“I understand, Aidan. I will keep my distance. You know I would never betray you.” Liam assured his brother. 
“I know. It’s just that I hear her thoughts. I wish I could block her, but I can’t.” Aidan explained, anguish in his voice.
“That’s why you need to tell her. Explain what is happening to her.” Liam knew it was the only way. He could not help how his heart skipped a beat at hearing Aidan confess Alexa’s interest in him.
Aidan nodded, finally agreeing it must be done. His eyes went to the house, where the door opened and Alexa stepped out with her mother. Liam saw them walk towards the shed, Thalia waving for them to join her. At last, Aidan’s control was back in place. The brother’s walked back together, having come to an understanding of sorts.
Chapter 25 - Alexa

My mom guided me towards the shed, my eyes still on Aidan and Liam. From the distance, I could not make out their expressions. I noted the wall around Aidan, hiding whatever he was feeling. With Liam, I did not have the luxury of knowing what was going on inside him. I hoped Aidan was not warning him away. My mom waved at them to join us. She did not wait to see if they were coming, knowing they would.
Curious about what she wanted to show us, I picked up my pace. Inside the shed, my mother was standing before a pedestal that held a black bowl made of stone. As I neared it, I saw the bowl held water. The pedestal had the same emblem as my necklace engraved all around its base. 
“This is a scrying bowl. Come next to me. Let me show you.” My mother beckoned me to her side.
“I want you to relax, breathe in and out slowly. Let your thoughts focus on a question. When you are ready, I want you drop this stone into the water. Then, look into the ripples. Tell me what you see.” She instructed me, as she handed me a small, smooth gray stone. 
As I took the stone, Aidan entered the shed. I waited for Liam to join us, looking past Aidan to the door. Finally, Liam appeared, walking quietly to stand behind me, where I could not see him. I glanced at Aidan, seeing the way his shoulders tensed. Whatever they were talking about, it was not pleasant. I hoped they were not discussing me. 
“Alexa, focus!” My mom interrupted my thoughts.
I refocused as I stood in front of the bowl, looking first at her and then at everyone standing expectantly around me. I can do this, I told myself. I closed my eyes, trying to relax, focusing on my breathing. I eased my tension, running one question through my mind. Where is the crystal? Where is the Kaemorra? I figured that was what we all wanted to know. Once I felt myself relax, I opened my eyes, dropping the stone into the water. I looked at the water as it rippled, waiting for something to happen. I waited as the water returned to its stillness. Nothing. I looked at my mother, seeing a pensive look. 
“Let me think.” My mother held up a hand to quiet us, stopping the questions everyone started asking at the same time. She paced the shed, thinking silently. Looking at me, then at Aidan, she came to a realization. 
“I think I know. Your power needs Aidan as an anchor. Aidan come stand next to Alexa.” She called Aidan to me. 
Aidan came to stand beside me, his emotions guarded. I stole a glance at him to gauge how he was feeling. Meeting his eyes, I saw nothing. He was completely closed off. I felt a small ache knowing I caused it. As tears filled my eyes, he put his hand on my arm. I nodded that I was all right. With his touch, I became aware of the pendant heating the hollow of my neck. Surprised, my hand touched it, feeling the warmth it was giving off. 
“I need you both to focus. Alexa, you ask the question. Aidan only needs to help guide you. Now relax, breathe and throw the stone when you are ready.”
Aidan took my hand, squeezing it for reassurance. We both closed our eyes, focusing on relaxing and breathing. When I felt ready, I opened my eyes, dropping the stone back in. The water rippled. I let my gaze follow the circles expanding, flowing from the center. I squinted as I thought I saw something appear. Aidan’s hand tightened on mine as he followed the flow with me. Yes, there was something. As the circles widened, the water clouded forming a shape. My gaze blurred as the image before me coalesced. A ridge of mountains appeared. I could almost feel the breeze, hear the birds singing. From an opening at its summit, a red glow was visible. But where was this mountain? There must be something to tell me where it was. The circles started to ebb, slowing to almost nothing when a face appeared. I scrambled back, as I saw the face of Myrick looking back at me. Aidan grabbed me as I stumbled, almost falling. Just as quickly as Myrick appeared, the vision ended. 
Breathing hard, scared from the hideous face still in my head, I let Aidan support me. I worried Myrick was able to see the vision. Did he already know where the Kaemorra was? Another thought came to me. One I had not thought of before. Once I found the crystal, what was I supposed to do with it? For the first time, I was unsure of what we should be doing. And I was sure I was not being told everything. Why was Myrick after the Kaemorra? What did he want with it? Why did I need to get to it first?
“I don’t have a clue what I’m doing.” I spoke out loud.
“What did you see?” My mother asked, instead of acknowledging my statement.
“No. I want you to tell me what I’m supposed to do.” I insisted.
Liam came to stand next to me, looking at my mother and waiting for her to respond. He looked at Aidan willing him to say something. I looked at Aidan, seeing his internal struggle on how much to tell me. He knew some of it. Why was he keeping things from me? 
“Someone tell her or I will!” Liam said angrily, looking at my mother and then Aidan. 
Aidan turned me to face him. His eyes troubled, I sensed I was not going to like what he was going to say. From the corner of my eye, I saw my mother shaking her head, indicating for him not to say anything. Liam caught her look, and spoke instead to Aidan.
“We will figure it out. But she needs to know, to prepare.”
“I will tell her, but not here. We will be down on the beach.” Taking my hand, he pulled me outside. Fear grew within me. Did I really want to know? What were they afraid to tell me? I followed Aidan down the path to the beach in silence. The climb down from the dune was steep and Aidan had to help me in places. Once we reached the bottom, he took off his coat and laid it on the sand. Once I sat down, he dropped down on his knees in front of me.

Chapter 26 - Alexa

“I will tell you what I know. You need to understand that I don’t know everything. We will find a solution for us.” Aidan, on his knees in front of me, held my hands, gripping them tightly. I felt his anxiousness about how to explain things to me. He was already thinking of us as being together. I was miles away from that certainty. What was going on between us was strong, but I was not ready to acknowledge it. There was still Liam to consider. I could not deny I had a strong attraction to him.
“Aidan.” I looked into his eyes, focusing on him alone. I tried to put Liam out of my thoughts. “Whatever it is the not knowing is only making my mind run away with possibilities. This thing between us, I don’t understand it. Please tell me what is going on. Why can I hear your thoughts? What is this?”
Aidan lowered his eyes to my hands. I felt the breath he was holding escape him. He sat down facing me, his hands still grasping mine. His piercing green eyes came back to mine, a small smile on his face.
“Jasper mentioned that we were bonded.” He began, studying my face calmly. I nodded slightly before he continued.
“When two of our people are meant to be together, their essence gets bound together. We become one. We are tied together, become stronger, more attuned to each other. Our thought sharing is just one aspect of it. I can feel your emotions; know when you are in danger.” Aidan went on to explain.
“Is that what the lights surrounding us mean?” I was curious about that. 
“So you see them. I wasn’t sure how much you were affected by it.” 
“Yes, but not always. Is that normal?” I wondered at how accepting I was. The whole situation should have me panicked. I seemed to be bound to one brother, but wanting the other. Aidan had already accepted I would be his.
“Alexa, I don’t have all the answers. Liam may know more. I can let him explain for his part. All I know is that we are tied together. My feelings for you are getting stronger. I know you need time to absorb all of this. I will give you the space you need. All I do know is every minute, it gets harder to stay away from you.” 
He let go of my hands, turned to face the ocean. The wind was picking up, blowing his hair wildly around his face. His fear I would reject him hit me with its force. I studied the side of his face, saw the way he held himself ready to be turned away. My hand touched the curve of his jaw, grazing the soft stubble on it. I turned his face so he was looking at me again. 
“You are not alone, Aidan. We will figure this out. I’m just not ready to give you what you want.” How to explain to him I could not blindly follow some magical link between us, that my heart was being pulled to his brother.
“I know you have feelings for my brother, Alexa. It’s not hard to see he also feels something for you. Just know that we are meant to be. I have to let you figure it out for yourself. I can be patient.” Aidan confirmed he knew of my liking his brother. Thinking of Liam brought something he said to mind.
“What was Liam talking about before? What do we need to figure out?” I asked, not willing to respond to his statement.
“We are both in danger. Our lives are now tied together.” Aidan’s brow creased, worry replacing the gentle way he was looking at me.
“I don’t understand.” What danger could we be facing?
“When Elsam made Meredith put the spell on the Kaemorra, he thought when he returned from his imprisonment, he would be able to return to earth and use it for revenge. Meredith however placed her own spell on our crystal.” He looked at me to see if I was following.
“What did she do?” 
“Her spell made it disappear from our land not long after his imprisonment. With the crystal gone, the protection on our invisibility went with it. The only way we were to survive was to live on earth, hiding who and what we were.”
“I know this so far from what Eliana said. What are you keeping from me?” I needed to know why he was so worried.
“As you know, Elsam is searching for the Kaemorra. He is working with Myrick. The two have formed an alliance. Elsam still wants to take over the earth and Myrick sees himself as his partner.”
“What do they want with it?” What kind of vengeance would they be planning?
“They want to destroy it so that it can’t be taken back to our land. If we can get it back, we would be able to return, our invisibility would be back. That’s what my mother wants. Once we are back home, my mother would be able to end Elsam’s plans.” He still had not explained what that had to do with us.
“Alexa, if the Kaemorra goes back, I don’t know what would happen to us. I would be called back home. I wouldn’t have a choice.”
“But would that be possible with our bond?” I asked. “What would that mean for me, for us?”
“If we were separated, we could not survive without the other now.” 
I stared at him, stunned. What did he mean not survive? 
“Alexa, we cannot exist without the other. We are bound together for eternity. If I were to lose you, I would be a shell of myself. Half of me would be dead.” 
“What about the rest of you?” I did not need to mention Liam for him to understand what I was asking.
“Liam would also return to our land, as would Bet, Elron and your father. We would have no choice.” I could feel the defeat in him. 
The thought of something hurting Aidan and the others left me speechless. I would not let that happen. There had to be a way for us. 
“Aidan, you said that’s what your mother wants. What exactly does she expect us to do?” 
“That is another of our problems. My mother has never let me in on what we need to do. All I know is there is a prophecy that involves us. Before we do anything else, we need to know what that is. It’s past the time we find our own answers. That’s why we need to do this our way. I can’t lose you now.” His voice broke, averting his face from me. 
My heart ached at his pain, his hopelessness. He was staring out to the side, down the empty beach. I wanted to say something to reassure him. Was it only a few days since I met him? While I was not ready for what he wanted, he was a part of me. I could not explain it, but deep within me I believed we were tied together. I needed space to figure out what it all meant for me. And what it meant for me and Liam.
Aidan turned towards me, the agony plain on his face. He knew I was unable to give him what he needed. I was not ready to give into this prophecy. The choice must be my own. Suddenly, my pendant burned against my skin. Why was it doing that? The only other time was at the scrying. Realization hit me just as I heard my mother yelling down to us. 
“Alexa, Aidan, go! Aidan, the house still stands. You need to go there.”
“What house, Mom?” What was she talking about?
“Aidan, take her. You know where. He is coming. We have to go.”
She disappeared from view just as Bet, Elron and Liam materialized in front of us. Aidan stood, his hands pulling me up. 
“Where to?” Liam asked Aidan, his body language telling me there was a gulf between us. Whatever they discussed earlier, Liam obviously agreed to keep his distance from me.
“Somewhere we haven’t been in a long time.” Aidan looked at Liam grimly. 
“Where’s that?” I asked, perceiving conflicting memories from him.
Aidan grabbed my hand as everyone touched his arm. We stepped into nothingness, Aidan guiding us to some unknown location.

Chapter 27 - Alexa

We appeared in an open field, our feet crushing the bluebell flowers that colored the wild grass growing under us. The sun was shining high in the sky with scattered white fluffy clouds floating by. Liam, Aidan and Elron encircled us, scanning the horizon for any threats. I could tell we were alone. The most breathtaking view on my right held me spellbound. I walked towards the edge of the cliff that stood a few feet from me. We were hundreds of feet above the waves that pounded the shore below. Aidan joined me by the edge.
“Welcome to Scotland.” He told me.
“Is this where you’re from originally?” I whispered to him, unwilling to look away from the scene before me.
“Yes, we ended up here after our protection fell. If you look out in the distance, you can see our island. No one lives there now. In our time, it was the most beautiful land. Now it’s a barren wasteland. Come, I’ll show you where your mother wanted us to go.” He turned me around, where I could see a house not far from us. 
We walked towards the structure, the others following behind us. Close up, I could see the thatched roof had seen better days. The building was old, run down from being abandoned. At the front door, Liam stepped around us opening it. He walked in, quickly returning to let us know the building was vacant.  
Inside, the house was just as run down. The furnishings had seen better days too. The room we walked into was a kitchen, dining and living room in one. A stone fireplace in the corner was set up for cooking. Pots hung from hooks above it. A worn table and six decrepit chairs were placed to the right of the hearth. Further to the left sat a writing desk with a discolored brown leather chair. In the center of the room, a large tartan-covered sofa looked like it was moth eaten. A door in the back led to the only other room. Stepping into it, I found a single bed. Only the springs remained. 
“No one’s here.” Liam confirmed what we could already see for ourselves. 
“I feel something though.” I let them know. There was an energy within the room.
“What?” Aidan glanced at me worried.
“Nothing dangerous.” I tried to sense what it was, but could not put my finger on it. “Why did my mother want us to come here?”
“This was Meredith’s house. I don’t know why here. Maybe we should look around.” Aidan went to the desk looking through the drawers.
“I don’t think you’ll find anything there.” I smiled at him going through the desk. “It doesn’t look like anyone has been here for a long time.”
Looking at him, everything he told me on the beach came back to me. He straightened, turning to look at me. I held up my hand indicating I was fine, stopping him from coming closer. We would have time later to continue our conversation. For now I wanted to forget.  
“We’ll find a way.” Liam spoke without looking at me.   
“I just need time to process this. I can’t believe it’s only been three days. We should concentrate on finding answers.” I needed to focus on something or I would breakdown. The Kaemorra was at the center of the problem. After we found it, I did not know what would happen. If I had to, I would find some way to break the bond so Aidan and the others could return home. Knowing they were alive somewhere was better than them being gone forever. I knew Aidan felt what I was thinking by how he was standing looking at me. I could not do anything about that.
“There is no way to break the bond.” Bet told me. 
I closed my eyes, sighing at how everyone could read me. Then we were doomed, I thought wanting to cry. Needing to do something, I circled the room, throwing my senses open to find out what I was feeling. Whatever it was, I felt close to it. Like a distant memory, it stood just outside my reach. At the fireplace, I picked up a candle holder that was perched on the shelf. The brass was cool to my touch, its markings resembling my pendant. It seemed the symbols ran in my family. Tarnished and old, it sat heavy in my hand. 
“Alexa.” Aidan brought me back to the present.
He looked so worried. I knew whatever I was going through he felt as well. Everyone cleared out of the house, leaving us alone. Putting the candle holder down on the table, I walked up to him stopping right in front of him. As much as I did not like it, we were in this together. We had to find a way to work together and put aside whatever else we were feeling.  
“Aidan, between us we will find an answer.” I let him know. 
“I was worried you would do something reckless.” 
“I’m not doing anything without you by my side. You’re my anchor, remember.” I teased him to lighten the mood.
His green eyes darkened, smoldering in intensity. Nervous of the emotions I felt rising in him, I stepped around him. I only took a few steps before he was standing in front of me again, blocking my way. His hands came up, resting lightly on my shoulders. I had no way to avoid his eyes. 
Standing still as a statue, his eyes piercing mine, I felt him fighting for control over his emotions. He must have sensed my apprehension. Drawing a deep breath, Aidan quickly released me. I turned away from him, trying to calm down.
“I’m sorry. I said I would give you time. I’m sorry.” Aidan let me go. I could feel how much he fought to gain control of his emotions. 
“It’s fine.” I managed to get out.
“It’s not fine. None of this is fine.” He said harshly, running his hand through his hair. 
I turned back to look at him, seeing the anguish clearly marked on his face. Before I could respond, I heard a noise from the doorway. Standing there, Liam looked uncomfortable, seeing he had interrupted us.
“Sorry, but you need to see something.” Was all he mumbled before he walked away. I closed my eyes at the hurt I saw on him.
“Are you okay?” Aidan asked at my reaction to Liam.
“Fine.” I managed to respond. 
He would not let me get away so easily though. In front of me again, he tilted my face up to his. He stared long and hard, not pleased at my reaction to his brother. I pulled away, and this time he let me go. I started for the door with him close behind me.
Liam waited for us, a grim expression on his face as we stepped outside. I saw Bet and Elron standing in front of a well a few feet away. I had not noticed it earlier. The closer I got to the well, the more the feeling inside the house returned. It was getting stronger. Curious to discover what was causing my senses to react that way, I stopped in front of the well. 
“Over here!” Elron pointed to the side where Liam now stood. Liam stood aside to let me through. On the base I could see something was engraved in the stones. I squatted down resting on my heels, as I brushed overgrown grass away from the base. The markings were faded, but I could still make them out. An image identical to my pendant was between two hearts. Beneath each heart the letter A was written. 
“Do you think that’s you two?” Bet leaned down to touch the engraving.
“I don’t know.” Joining her, I let my fingers trace one of the As.
“That’s your pendant. Hearts mean love. Your names start with A. It must be you two.” Liam tried to joke. It had a hollow sound to it. 
The engraving was puzzling. Who could have put it there? I stood up and looked down the well. I could see the water not far below. A thought came to me and Aidan reached down, handing me a stone with a smile. It might work. He came to stand beside me. His hand took mine and we both closed our eyes to concentrate. Relaxing, expelling a long breath, I concentrated on my breathing. When our breathing synchronized, I tossed the stone into the well and we both stared down.
At first nothing happened as the ripples expanded. Then out of the well a greenish light grew, throwing itself upwards towards us. We stumbled back, the light growing in intensity and surrounding the top of the stones. From within the now-bluish light, I saw a figure starting to materialize. Not wanting to look elsewhere in case I missed anything, I felt Aidan step closer to me, his hand ready to reach for his sword. I almost laughed thinking how the sword would protect me from this. 
The shimmering shape formed a woman’s head, her face holding a remarkable likeness to mine. Her eyes stared into the distance, apparently not seeing us. Wondering what this had to do with what we were doing there, the woman’s eyes turned to look at me. A slight smile rose on her lips. 
“The time has come to right the wrongs done to our worlds.” Her lips moved out of time with her words. Like a recording out of sync, what she was saying drifted out of the swirling light. Would she hear me if I asked a question or was this a one-sided projection?
“Ask your question, daughter of my blood.” She responded.
“Where is the Kaemorra?” 
“The gem that holds our fate was in the mountains of the old land. You must open your mind and it shall find you. Where it is now has been hidden from me.” Her attention drifted to Aidan as she continued. “Yes, open your mind child and you will find your path. Together you can forge your own destiny.”
Really? That was what she was giving me? More riddles to decipher? I was about to give her back some of my sarcasm when I felt her thoughts invade my mind.
“Elsam is strong with Myrick at his side, but you alone have more power with your mixed heritage than both combined. You must trust your power, little one. Do not be afraid to test your boundaries. Your mother’s powers are all within you. Aidan must teach you of your father’s strengths. Learn what he can show you. You will need both of your parents’ strengths for what is required of you. But know this; Aidan has a role to play as well. Do not drift far from his side.”
I looked at Aidan, his head tilted to the side staring at the image in front of us. Wondering if he heard all that, the light seemed to fade and ebb back into the water below. I had no idea where we needed to go next. Where was this old land?  
With the vision gone, I met Liam’s stare, he was looking at me for answers. They must not have seen anything. Aidan’s hand came to my back, his attention also drawn to Liam. I was anxious to get on our way, but knew we needed to talk and plan. I still did not know how to use my powers and desperately felt time running out.
“Let’s head back to the house. We’ll talk there.” Aidan spoke into the silence. Looking at them as they started walking, I held back feeling like I was missing something. The markings on the stone near my feet drew my attention. Yes, there was more. I knelt down again, my hand tracing the carving as I opened up my senses. The ground trembled under my feet, as I passed my hand over the lines of the engraving. An opening appeared at the foot of the well next to my feet, a gleaming object surfacing from below as the earth split open. Rising out of the crevice, the hilt of a sword appeared, stopping only once the tip remained speared into the earth. Standing up, I took the hilt in my hand and pulled it out of the ground. Aidan, stunned, stared at it, his eyes wide with recognition on his face. 
Whispering something under his breath, he came nearer to get a better look. I studied the elegant markings running along the sides of the blade. 
“Is that…?” Liam asked, coming to stand beside me. It was the first time since the Cape he actually looked at me. As our eyes met, he quickly drew his away from mine. 
“Yes.” Aidan said, his eyes never leaving the sword.
“Someone please explain.” I said, fascinated with the way the light seemed to make the markings glow and stand away from the metal. 
“This is unexpected.” Aidan spoke, looking away from the sword to me. “Let’s go.” 
Aidan on one side, guiding me with his hand, and Liam on the other, we met up with Elron and Bet, who were waiting for us. They had the same stunned look, as they saw the sword in my hand. I raised an eyebrow at them, grinning as I felt the magic pull of what I held. The sense the sword belonged to me overwhelmed me. I could almost hear it whispering to me. Aidan placed his hands around my waist and hustled me into the house. Stopping and sitting me in a chair, my hand still wrapped around the sword, I saw everyone take a seat facing me.
“Okay, we’re here, we’re sitting. Now explain.” I said.
“You are holding Elsam’s sword in your hand.” Liam spit out before Aidan could say anything.
“Should I be afraid of it?” Apprehension was in my voice.
I did not feel any danger from the sword. It seemed to like me for some reason. I felt its energy flowing, a feeling of gladness showering me. 
“I don’t think so.” Aidan reassured me. “The sword abandoned Elsam when he betrayed us. Our swords are a part of us. It turned its back on him. It would only attach itself to someone it found worthy.”
“So then it’s mine now?” The sword gave off a vibration in my hand. 
“And you must learn to use it.” Elron interjected. “I will be happy to train you.”
I glanced at him before looking back at Aidan. 
“He is the most qualified to train you.” He agreed with Elron. “He trained all of us.”
Not sure how good I would be with anything to do with fighting, I put that aside. We still had other things to discuss. Like where we went from there, how I could channel my powers and what awaited us. Reluctantly, I put the sword down next to my feet. My fingers itched to pick it up again. Aidan noticed my discomfort and instead took my hands in his. 
“I’m guessing no one saw or heard what happened at the well.” I looked between Liam, Bet and Elron to see their responses. Confirming from their blank stares they did not, I quickly outlined what happened. Aidan interrupted once or twice to give more details.
“So we need to get to the old lands, but we have no idea what or where that is?” Liam let his frustration out.
“I’m supposed to feel the location.” I smiled at him. 
“Before we go anywhere, we need to make sure Alexa is ready. So, we will take the time we need for Elron to train her and I can help her with her gifts.”
Liam let out a short laugh at that, causing Aidan to give him an annoyed look. That only made Liam smirk more. He finally let his eyes settle on me. I held his stare, trying to let him know what he saw was not something I initiated. I hoped he understood. His gaze softened on me. Aidan broke our connection by speaking to Liam.
“You will help with what you know best, Liam. Show her how to control the elements.” Liam bowed his head at me, giving me a nod. 
“Bet, I will need your help to control any residual force so Alexa doesn’t get hurt.” She nodded her agreement.
“How long will we be doing this?” I was worried that Myrick would get to the crystal before us.
“I don’t think they can find it without you.” Aidan assured me. “That’s why we must make you ready for anything they might throw at you.”  
“We need to find out more about the prophecy and any other information we can use. There’s only one place we can do that. We will only be staying here a few days. I want to make sure it’s safe where we need to go. So, for now, we can start training here.” Aidan let us know.
Getting up from my seat, I was ready to get started. Aidan pulled me back down. His mind reached out to me, letting me know that tomorrow would be soon enough. The sun was already starting to set. Hunger made me realize I had not eaten since the morning. As if on cue, Liam remarked on that.
“I can hop over to the village to pick up food. Let me know what you feel like having.” Liam said.
“Wait. Let me try something first.” I stopped him before he went anywhere.
Wondering if I could manage my mom’s trick, I tried to imitate her food conjuring. When nothing appeared, I opened myself up more, feeling the energy flow through me. I closed my eyes, picturing the table filled with different dishes. With my eyes closed, I concentrated on what I wanted. The wafting scents of home cooking drifted to my nose. Smug, I opened my eyes to see the table set with what I pictured in my head. Aidan, impressed, was smiling at me. 
“We are so keeping you around.” Liam said, first to the table already stuffing his mouth.
I laughed, pleased with myself, as I joined him at the table. Bet was the last to join us. She looked a bit pale as she looked at the food. Before I could ask if she was all right, Elron was at her side helping her sit again. Whatever it was seemed to pass and her color returned to normal as she smiled at him. I could tell he was worried as well.
Hunger getting the better of me, I started eating, glad the food was better than any attempt to manually produce it would have been. Cooking was not something I ever excelled at. Aidan and Liam were off to the side talking quietly, but I was more interested in the pumpkin pie I was feasting on. If it was important they would tell me. 
A twinge in my mind stopped me eating. Concentrating on the feeling, I felt like someone was trying to get inside my head again. It was not Aidan. I knew his mind and how it felt. Whatever or whoever it was probing to enter my mind was not a friend. From near my chair, I saw the sword glowing. It called to me. I walked to it slowly. The pressure was growing while the sword glowed brighter.
Aidan noticed my discomfort. Before he could reach me, I already grasped the sword in my hand. Pain slammed into my brain. Collapsing on the floor, the sword’s light enveloped me completely. The pain ebbed, fading completely as I lay on the floor. 
The sword had protected me. Whoever had tried to invade me was repelled by it. Aidan knelt beside me trying to understand what happened. His mind stretched out to me, realizing I was not hurt, he helped me up. Once he was sure I was fine, he helped me to a seat by the table. Without a word, he prepared a plate of food for me. Placing it near me on the table, he left, going to his backpack. His hands searched inside it finding what he needed, he returned to me. He stood me up, holding a leather sheath in his hands. He draped it across my chest, pulling my left arm out of the way. Satisfied with the position, he took the sword and glided it through the opening. With the sword now positioned on my back, I sat back down. It hung freely behind me. 
 I gave my attention to the food, taking bites as the hunger I was feeling became voracious. No one had spoken since the incident occurred. We all ate without conversation. Food then sleep was all I could think of. I was exhausted.
“We need to figure out sleeping arrangements. Alexa, you can take the bedroom. The rest of us can make do here.” Aidan finally spoke.
 The house was basically one room, but large enough to house another four bedrooms if properly partitioned. No one should have to sleep out here on the floor. I did not know if I had enough strength to manage what I was thinking. From my mind I created a picture of what I wanted, letting it form completely. Breathing deeply, I felt Aidan start as he realized I was using my magic. 
The interior of the house shimmered, losing the furnishings in front of us. In its place a smaller living space appeared holding a smaller couch, table and chairs. Everyone was startled as what they were sitting on changed. In front of their eyes, the room I envisioned came into focus. Walls materialized separating the space into four separate rooms. Within each, out of everyone’s sight, I set a bed in each room accompanied by a dresser. In Bet’s room, I sprinkled rose petals on the bed. Once all the bedrooms were formed, a door was placed in each for privacy.
Opening my eyes, I looked over my creation amazed I was able to transform the house so easily. With silence around me I looked at everyone seeing their stunned faces looking at me. I shrugged as Aidan smirked at me.
“Is this going to work?” I asked.
“You may not need as much training as we thought.” Bet giggled.
“The one at the end is yours and Elron’s.” I told her, pointing to their room.
Gleefully running to the door, she peered inside gasping in surprise. She looked at me, as Elron walked to her side looking into the room. She grabbed him, pulling him inside, shutting the door behind them. 
“I better not hear any noise coming through the walls.” Liam yelled out to Bet before looking at me. I was getting good at reading him. Sensing his loneliness under all the joking, I wanted to go to him. 
“And with that, good night.” Liam rose, as if sensing my intent and walked into his room, closing the door.
Frowning, sensing an undercurrent of emotion, I looked at the closed door, wanting to do something. 
“Come.” Aidan followed my eyes to Liam’s door. “There’s nothing you can do.”
Aidan led me to my room, making sure I settled in before leaving for his own. Alone, lying in the dark, I tried to still my mind. Thoughts of Liam were hard to stop. I wanted to speak with him, find some way to explain my mixed emotions. We had no time alone. I would find the time and place to see him without the others around. If only I could be sure Aidan would not listen in. There had to be some way to block him. Tomorrow I would find a way.
Chapter 28 - Alexa

The sun filtered through the window, casting its rays across my face as I woke. I stretched my body, feeling each muscle groan at the movement. I listened to the silence, appreciating the stillness for the first time in days. It was remarkable to feel alone in my thoughts. In his room, Aidan was asleep. The feeling of being under his scrutiny was gone. I allowed myself to examine how I felt about that. I brought his image in my mind, carefully pondering how he made me feel. His image was replaced by Liam. A smile tugged my lips. I rolled onto my stomach, cradling the pillow in my arms. A sudden noise, some cursing from the other room, stopped my musings.  
Liam was up. This was my chance to get him alone, to finally speak to him without Aidan being privy to our conversation. I jumped out of bed, dressing as quickly as possible. Not wanting to lose the opportunity, I left my room and entered the main living area. Liam was on his heels in front of the fireplace, trying to light some kindling. With his back to me, I took advantage of his being preoccupied to watch him. I heard him swear again and giggled. I watched his back stiffen, and then he slowly turned to look at me.
“What are you doing?” I asked, as he returned to adding more kindling to the grate. 
“I want to boil some water. I’ve picked up coffee from the village near here.” He said with his back to me.
“Liam, get up.” I laughed, turning to the table where I flicked my wrist, the full makings of a breakfast appearing. It was getting easier to call on my powers. Instinct seemed to govern what I wanted.
At the smell of the coffee, Liam rose and made his way to the table. He picked up a cup, filled it, then sipped, sighing in pleasure at the brew. I casually walked to him, reaching around him for a cup. My shoulder brushed up against his arm. He moved away from me, keeping his face turned, hidden. 
“Liam.” I whispered his name. I put my hand on his arm, not letting him get any further away from me.
“Alexa, please let me go.” Liam pulled away. 
“We need to talk. Please don’t do this.” Tears appeared in my eyes. 
“There is nothing to say. You belong to my brother.” He walked towards the front door.
“I belong to no one. I can choose, Liam. This is my choice.” I crossed the floor to him, not allowing him to leave. I stood between him and the door. Placing my hands on his face, I pulled him towards me so that his lips met mine. For an instant, I felt him respond. His arms drew me up against him. 
“No, you don’t know what you are saying, what you are asking. I won’t do this to him.” Liam harshly pushed me away. 
I stumbled away from him, bumping into the door frame. My heart ached at his stricken look. I had no time to form a response before Aidan’s door opened. He stood there, his face rigid, taking in the scene in front of him. Liam gave a harsh laugh before turning, opening the door and leaving us in awkward silence. 
Aidan said nothing. He strolled over to the table, filled a cup of coffee for me and one for himself. He handed mine to me without a word. Putting his cup down on the table, he picked up a plate and filled it with food. Avoiding me, he picked up his cup again, took his plate, walking out the front door. 
This was not good. On top of his silence, I could feel nothing from him. His walls were up and impenetrable. I managed to upset both Liam and Aidan. Did my mother not warn me about this? She had told me to wait. I needed to fix this and soon. Dejectedly, I sat down on the sofa, sipping my coffee, wondering how I could fix things. 
 In this great mood, Bet entered the room, pulling her hair together and tying it with an elastic band. She could tell immediately something was wrong. 
“I need a cup before we get into it.” She poured coffee, returning to sit next to me.
“Why do I feel my brothers ready to kill each other?” Bet commented.
“What?” I stood up to get outside before anything happened.
Bet grabbed my arm, pulling me back down. She shook her head, exasperated with me.
“I was kidding. Relax, Alexa! They are angry, but not at each other.” She informed me.
“I know I deserve their anger. How can I fix this?” I was willing to do anything.
“They are not angry at you either, only at the circumstances. You are not to blame. They know that. Let it go, Alexa. Forget about anything but our goal. Everything else will work itself out. You need to think with your head.” Bet did her best to reassure me.
I knew she was right. There were more important things to worry about. My feelings needed to take a back seat for now. I nodded at her, letting go of my worries. Bet squeezed my hand just as Aidan reappeared with Liam beside him. Together, they walked into the room as if nothing had happened. 
“Did you wear out Elron?” Liam teased Bet at his absence. 
“I may have done a thing or two to tire him out.” Bet stood, walked by Liam, slapping his head. At the table she started buttering a piece of toast.
“Hey, do not disparage my stamina.” Elron yelled from their room. 
The door opened, his frame taking up the space. Dressed only in jeans, bare-muscled chest exposed, he stood glaring at Liam. Bet filled a cup of coffee for him and walked to place it in his hand.
“Don’t be grouchy.” She told him, giving him a quick kiss on the lips. 
Amused, I went to the table as well, picking up a cinnamon bun, unwound one of the curls and nibbled on it. Elron flipped a chair around so he sat with his front against its back. I finished my bun and stood to get myself a plate, which I filled with eggs, bacon and toast. Taking it into the living room, I sank into the couch where Aidan was already sitting eating from his own. 
“Where do we start?” I looked at Aidan, my mouth full. Pleased to receive a smile as a response, I knew we would get past it. 
“Let’s give Elron a chance to wake up and eat. He’s not an early riser.” Elron gave him a pointed glare at being singled out.
“You should spend the mornings with Elron learning to defend yourself. Bet and I will spend the afternoons with you; Liam can try to incorporate his knowledge at the same time. Between us three, we should be able to show you some new tricks.” Liam winked at me while Aidan was explaining. I was grateful both were still willing to help. 
“No time for play.” I frowned playfully.
“We’ll see what we can do.” Aidan grinned at me.
Liam snorted at his comment. All of us laughed, releasing any remaining tension. Liam piled food on a plate, passed it to Elron, then put one together for himself. 
“We’ll be outside.” Elron and Bet rose to leave us, carrying their plates with them.
“I’ll join you.” Liam got up, following them outside.
Chapter 29 - Aidan

Aidan’s eyes followed Alexa as she rose from her seat to get more food. With her back to him, he was able to study her without her being aware. She picked and nibbled on a piece of bacon, her other hand grabbing for a chocolate muffin. He kept his thoughts blocked, his emotions in check. He was still upset about earlier. It was not a pleasant way to wake up. Liam’s anguish was the first thing that had jerked him awake. Feeling Alexa kissing his brother was another torment. He knew Liam had not initiated the kiss. Still, for a second he would have been capable of causing him great harm. He shuddered to think how close it had come. 
Alexa had no idea what he was capable of. Where she was concerned, he had little control. His body was attuned to her every move. He craved her with a force that astounded him. In his life, there had never been anything or anyone that held his attention the way she did. She was made for him. There was not one thing he would change about her. She was perfection. 
There had to be a way to make her realize they belonged together. Right now, her mind was on training. She was wondering what Elron would show her, if she would make a fool of herself. Her worry was growing. Aidan felt the panic take hold within her. He stood, walked to her, placing his hand on her shoulder. Turning her to face him, he pulled her against him, his arms going around her waist.
“You will do fine.” He assured her, his mouth next to her ear. 
He felt her relax in his arms. A sigh escaped her, as her hands came up to rest on his arms. Pulling away to see her face, he cupped her cheek, giving her a quick kiss before she had a chance to pull away. 
“Will you be watching?” She asked, self-conscious of him seeing her fail. 
“I think you will do better without me there. You will need to concentrate.” He did not think he would be able to stand by and see her get hurt. Not that Elron would harm her deliberately, but his training methods were intense. There was the possibility Alexa might have a few bruises at the end of the session. It was better to let Elron have authority over his part of the training. It would not help to have Aidan there jumping in every time he felt her in danger. 
“What will you be doing?” She broke into his thoughts.
“I need to make plans for our next move. We can’t stay here long.” Aidan smiled down at her. 
He had a reconnaissance mission in mind while Alexa stayed with Elron and the others. He wanted to make sure their next destination was vacant. 
“I’m starting to know that look, Aidan. What are you going to be doing?” Alexa wanted to know.
“Nothing dangerous. I just need to make sure we will be alone where we need to go.” He brushed his hand on her cheek, a crooked smile on his lips. 
“How can I concentrate on my training if I am worried about you?” She was anxious. Her energy was charging as she thought of him in trouble. It gratified him to know she worried about him. Was she aware of what she let slip?
“Alexa, relax, I won’t be in any danger. No one will know I am there. I’ll only be gone a few minutes.” Aidan felt her anxiety ebb slightly. 
“Come here.” He led her to the couch and sat down with her. 
“Where we are going, there is a library that houses all our records. Not just the Sidhe, but all races. I believe there we will be able to find out who or what Meredith was. Before we go find the Kaemorra, we need information and we need to wait for your birthday. You will go through a change, but we don’t know what that change will be. I don’t want you worrying about anything other than you. I will pop in to the estate, make sure it is vacant and be back before you know it.” Aidan explained, sharing his plan with Alexa. 
Biting her lip, Alexa stared at him. Her energy had returned to normal. Her thoughts though were focused on the change she would be going through. It worried her. He was worried as well, but for different reasons. Her powers were already getting stronger. Within the past few days she had grown beyond anything he had ever seen before. What was she going to become once her birthday came around? 
“Aidan, this change, how is it going to affect me?” Her bottom lip trembled, her eyes filling with tears.
“I don’t know, Alexa. I wish I could reassure you. All I know is our bond will only get stronger. I know it’s not something you want, but you need to be prepared for that. Just because this is happening out of nowhere doesn’t mean it is not meant to be. I can feel how right this is.” Aidan spoke honestly, his words in some way comforting her. 
He was as much at a loss to understand what she was going through as she was. The only thing he did know was he had a deepening need to protect her, make sure she was safe. Anything else they would face together. She was his, whether she accepted it or not. There was no way he was letting her go. Prophecy be damned, they would find a way to be together for as long as she had breath in her. He knew she was mortal. Her life span would end and he would have to find a way to go on without her. That was another thing she was unaware of. They would need to discuss his age, long life and all that entailed.
“Now, I think Elron must be getting impatient to start your training. Go show him what you are made of. I think you will surprise him.” Aidan tugged her to her feet. 
“Or I will be a great disappointment to him.” Her nervousness was back. 
He shook his head, amusement in his eyes while he held her. He suddenly felt sorry for Elron. Alexa would greatly surprise him. 
“I’ll see you later. Now go!” He released her, turning her towards the door.
Alexa took slow steps, turning to look at him before going out. She gave him a tentative smile. He took a mental picture of her to keep with him. Once she was out of sight, he went to the bedroom and retrieved his sword. He was not expecting any trouble, but you could never be too sure.
Drawing on his power, he pictured where he needed to go and vanished from the room. He reappeared, hidden in a tree line near the building he was investigating. There was no one he could see. He took soft steps towards the house, making sure not to make any noise in case there were others around. He cast his mind out to search within the walls and found the place deserted. 
Walking up to the door, he pushed it open and went inside. No sound greeted him. He made his way through the rooms, finding no threat. Relieved to find the place available, he exited the house, taking a moment to appreciate the beauty of the landscape. Alexa will love it here, he thought. He brought her image to mind, his body dematerialized, calling him home to her side.

Chapter 30 - Alexa

I spent the morning flat on my back, with my face in the dirt and many other unladylike positions. Elron patiently tried to show me several attack blocking moves while Liam sat on the porch grinning at my ineptitude. Trying to keep up with the different explanations of where to put my arm, my feet, Elron time and again managed to overpower me with his strength and toss me around. I concentrated on his instructions, blocking out Liam’s growing mirth. Finding myself once again on the ground, I lay there looking up at the sky trying to catch my breath. Sweating and panting, I put my arm across my eyes to block the sun. 
“Get up, we’re not finished yet!” Elron commanded.
Grimacing, I looked up at him standing over me. He had not even broken a sweat. Towering over me, he put his hand out to help me up. I looked at it wondering how much more I could take. Without waiting, he grabbed me from my elbow and yanked me to my feet. Bending at the waist, I held onto my knees for support. I would have bruises for sure tomorrow. 
“You need to anticipate my attacks.” He advised, as I gave him a dirty look. “Use your senses, open yourself up. Try to feel my next move.”
He came at me again, elegantly using his body, arcing in the air, trying to land a kick. Catching me off guard, his leg landed squarely on my shoulder, throwing me back a few steps. Feeling my anger building, my arm came up, blocking his attempt to throw a punch at me. Surprised, he used his other hand to come at me again. In slow motion, I saw Elron thrown several feet from me, an electric bolt slamming him to the ground. 
Coming up on his elbows, he looked at me, one eyebrow raised. My hands twitched with the electric current I used to repel him. In the background, I could hear Liam laughing. I tried to calm down, control the blue light flowing from my hands, as Elron got to his feet and tried to come towards me. 
“No, don’t come near me!” I warned.
“Just breathe through it.” He advised, as I saw him advance stealthily towards me.
Slowly, carefully he came nearer. Coming to stand a foot from me, he glanced to his right averting his eyes from mine. With a quick movement, barely giving me time to react, he threw his fist at me. Time slowed. Elron stood in front of me, his arm suspended in the process of reaching out towards my face. I blinked, surprised at the stillness of everything around me. On the porch, Liam was frozen, eyes staring at the spot where I stood. I noticed there were no sounds, no wind and no movement of any kind. In the sky, a flock of birds, their wings extended in flight, were suspended as if painted there. 
I returned my gaze to Elron, his face concentrated on me, eyes focused on where he would land his punch. Stepping to the side, out of his reach, I walked to stand behind him. Closing my hands into fists, I took deep calming breaths, trying to relax. The air crackled as everything around me started moving again. Elron, having nothing to connect with, flew past where I had stood, landing heavily on his knees. The rest of his body came down hard, knocking the air out of him.
Scared he was hurt, I ran to him, sliding down beside him. Before I could cry out for help, Aidan and Bet came out of the house, running towards us. Liam stood stunned, his eyes round in shock. Elron still lay face down on the grass where he had fallen. My hand was on his shoulder, I felt tremors under my fingers. I struggled to turn him over to check if he was injured. The man weighed a ton. 
Bet arrived on the other side of Elron, concern on her face. She helped me turn him on his back. His eyes closed, it took me a moment to realize the shaking I was feeling was laughing. I gave him a smack on his chest, sitting down on my butt, shaking my head. Aidan stood over us, amused at my reaction. 
“What the hell happened?” Bet looked back and forth between me and Elron.
“Alexa zapped him! How he ended up on his face, I have no idea.” Liam answered, walking towards us.
They all looked at me for an explanation. How could I tell them what happened when I did not understand it myself? Bet sat down next to Elron, he lifted himself to rest on his elbows, both of them looking at me for an explanation. Aidan was still standing over me with Liam next to him. The air around me chilled with the sun hidden behind the clouds. I shivered, feeling drained and sore. Aidan reached into his jacket pocket, presenting me with a wrapped chocolate muffin. I took it gladly. He then removed his jacket, placing it around my shoulders. Thanking him, I picked at the muffin, eating it slowly, saving the top for last. 
“I don’t know how to explain it.” I started to say between bites. “One minute Elron was throwing a punch and then everything froze.”
“You stopped time?” Elron asked, surprised.
“I guess. I moved behind you. Then I tried the breathing, you know, to relax. I didn’t realize you had momentum. Before I knew it you were on the ground. I’m sorry.” I offered, wondering if he was hurt.
“It will take more than that to hurt me, little one.” He sounded offended.
“You surprise me at every turn.” Liam looked at me in awe. 
“I surprise myself too.” I did not know if it was a good thing or not. I had no real control over what I was doing.
“We’ll figure it out.” Aidan assured me. “Defense training is over for today. Let’s take this inside.”
I rose to my feet, every muscle complaining as I started walking to the house. Aidan came by my side to support me, his voice in my head letting me know I had done well. Entering the house, he placed me on the sofa before going to the kitchen and returning with a glass of orange juice. I gratefully took it from him, drinking most of it in one gulp. He sank into the sofa next to me taking my hand, placing a kiss on my knuckles. He was doing these little affectionate gestures more often lately. I tried my best not to show how uncomfortable they made me feel. 
“We’ll wait a bit before starting with this afternoon’s training. You need to build your reserves back up. Are you hungry? Do you need anything?” Aidan asked, his eyes a brilliant green.
“No, nothing. I’m fine.” I leaned back into the sofa, taking what rest I could get. I was curious what kind of training he had planned. Hopefully it would not lead to more sore muscles.
“What’s on the agenda?” I asked him, as he laughed softly, understanding my apprehension.
“Nothing taxing. I’ll let Liam take over. I’m as curious as you are to see what you can do.” He said, as Liam came into the room. 
“I think she will surprise us again.” Liam’s eyes twinkled in amusement. I was glad any tension between them had evaporated. 
He winked at me as I was studying him, coming to sit down in the chair opposite us. Leaning his elbows on his knees, that always present grin on his face, he tilted his head to draw my attention to the table between us. Hovering in the center of it, I saw a spark of flame appear. It hung suspended over the table, its colors flicking from red to orange to yellow. I sat up, my attention on it, when the fire changed shape, the brilliant flames changing to a blueish white as a block of ice replaced it. Reaching out with my hand to touch it, feeling the hard cold surface of it, I looked at Liam who winked at me again clearly pleased with his demonstration.
“Fire, water, earth and air. We can use these for defense or as weapons.” He said, as I continued running my hand over the ice.
“How do you do it?” I looked at him, taking my hand away. 
“It’s second nature to me. I don’t know if you will be able to control them like I can. I’ve never had to break it down for someone before. The only way I can describe it is to picture in your mind what you want to create, gather the forces from around you and guide them where you want them to go. You can use any of the elements for this, or you can combine them.” The ice disappeared.
“Just try it. You may need to focus a bit more than Liam. Block everything around you out for now.” Aidan rubbed his hand up and down my back. The gesture did nothing to ease my nervousness. Realizing he was not helping, he took his hand away.
I tried to do as he said. Focusing on the table, I tried to relax and picture a fire. I concentrated my eyes on the spot on the table where I wanted the flame to grow. When nothing happened, I looked at Aidan disappointed. 
“Feel the elements around you. Draw from them.” He said.
I already felt the electric spark when my anger took control. Maybe I could draw on that. I stretched my back, moving closer to the table and concentrated on feeling that energy. Yes, there it was, I could feel its pull. How was I to create something out of it? What did I want to do with it? Drawing on the elements of air and water that I felt around me, I sensed them responding to my needs. I envisioned a little bolt of lightning, the force of it coming together over the table. Excited to see it start to take form, I lost my concentration. It struck the table with such force it threw Liam and his chair backward, landing him on his back. Aidan just barely pulled me away before I was electrocuted. 
“We should have stayed outside. She’s liable to bring the house down.” Liam said, getting up from the floor and righting the chair.
“Sorry.” I mumbled.
“No, that was good. You used something you know, something you have felt before. Maybe we do need to be outdoors. You would feel the other elements more clearly.” Aidan nodded to Liam, who walked past us and headed outside.
“I’m not sure about this, Aidan. I may really hurt someone next time.” 
“We can take more than you think. Just concentrate. Don’t lose your focus.” 
Once out of the house, we walked towards a clearing that was furthest from the house, where Liam was waiting for us. I could see in the distance, near the cliff, Bet and Elron standing together, his arm around her shoulders and her head leaning against him. There was something different about her, but I could not put my finger on it. Aidan and Liam were looking at me, perplexed looks on their faces, when I turned back to them. 
“What is it? Anything wrong?” Aidan took a step towards me, but I waved him off.
“No, nothing really.” I refocused on what we were doing instead, joining Liam where he stood. “What should I try now?”
Aidan’s eyes left me, looking towards Bet. Did he feel anything different also? Two little crease lines showed on his forehead as he concentrated on his sister and best friend. I saw Liam was looking in their direction too, something like suspicion on his face. I stretched out my senses to see if I could identify what I felt, why I suddenly had a bad feeling. At that moment, Bet turned and started walking away from Elron, towards us. Before she could make it halfway to us, I felt the air shift, the space in front of her distorting, and a figure slowly materialized. 
Elron ran to Bet’s side, pulling her close to him, unsheathing his sword, ready to battle whoever it was. Liam placed himself in front of me, his hand on his hilt. Aidan protectively put his arm out to keep me out of Liam’s way. Slowly, the figure coalesced, walking out of the fog encircling the distortion. Eliana calmly looked in our direction, standing facing us. I looked at Bet and saw no surprise on her face. This was what I had felt. She had been silently communicating with her mother. Elron looked just as shocked as the rest of us. He took a step away from Bet, the betrayal marking his face with pain. She tried to reach out to him with her hand, but he moved further away from her. 
“How could you do this?” Liam harshly asked his sister.
“You don’t understand. Mother, tell them.” Bet implored her mother.
Eliana, as usual, took her time explaining what she was doing there. Instead, she was looking at me, her head leaning to the side, her eyes boring into mine. Aidan stepped in front of me joining Liam. Cut off from her penetrating stare, I let the breath I was holding out. 
“What are you doing here, Mother?” Aidan angrily demanded.
“I came because your father is missing.” She answered calmly.
Silence hung in the air at her statement. Bet was the first to break it. She walked to her mother, her expression showing her worry. She took her mother’s hand, standing next to her; she faced both her brothers’ anger. Elron still stood where he was. He sheathed his sword, turning and walking back out towards the cliff. I could feel his disappointment, his hurt, as he stared with unseeing eyes towards the water below. 
“The last time we spoke you wouldn’t even tell us where he was. You made it a point, believing I was working against you, to not tell us anything.” Liam’s anger boiled over at his mother.
“Yes, I admit my mistake.” She answered him.
“Nice of you. And what do you expect us to do now? What secret plans are running around in your head?” He sarcastically threw back at her. He took off towards the house, after giving her a withering look.
If I did not know better, I think I saw a fleeting look of hurt show on her face. She looked at Liam’s retreating back and sighed. Bet looked beseechingly at Aidan for understanding. I could not stand it any longer, all the tension her appearance brought.
“Where had Asher gone and how is it he is missing?” I stepped around Aidan, confronting her.
Her eyes studied me in silence, her gaze traveled over every inch of me before she looked at Aidan and spoke.
“She’s almost there isn’t she?” She addressed her question to Aidan.
“What happened to father?” Aidan asked.
Elron walked back from the cliff, but instead of coming to us he headed for the house. Bet, tears in her eyes, followed his steps as he entered. Eliana squeezed Bet’s hand, her accusing stare targeting Aidan.
“Not my fault you interfered like you always do. They were fine until this. Now stop avoiding my questions. What happened to father?” Aidan yelled at her, making Bet jump. 
“Aidan, a little respect please. I’m your queen as well as your mother.” She admonished him.
Aidan’s hands clenched in fists at his sides, as he tried to control his anger. I walked next to him and took one of those fists in my hand, smoothing out the fingers and wrapping them with my own. He calmed immediately, his eyes never leaving Eliana. 
“Your father had gone to meet with the council. The meeting was at a secret location only a few knew about. He never made it. We haven’t heard anything from him or the others since.” She finally explained.
“Who knew of the meeting and location? Who else was with him?” Aidan wanted the details.
“The guards who accompanied him, the council members and two of my assistants were the only ones aware of the meeting and where it was to take place.” She looked towards the house before she asked, “Can we sit down for this?”
I could feel Liam and Elron in the house talking quietly. There was no way they would welcome her presence at that time. Instead, I gathered my power and made four chairs and a table appear. Aidan let a grin show on his face, his mother’s surprised expression pleasing him. Recovering quickly, she sat down elegantly on one of the chairs. Bet sat down next to her. I pulled Aidan to sit next to me, letting Eliana continue with her news.
“They were our most loyal guards. I can’t believe they had anything to do with it.”
“And it was easy to believe it was Liam.” Aidan shook his head. “Who else knew?”
“Besides the council, only Vanya and Thalia were aware.” She looked at me as she said my mother’s name. 	
“Well it wasn’t my mother.” I angrily responded.
“Where was the meeting to be held?” Aidan deflected her away from me.
“At our estate outside Verona.” She responded. Aidan started at the location. His eyes narrowed as he looked at his mother.
“Not the most secure location we have. How many guards were with him?” I felt Aidan hiding something. His thoughts were now blocked from me.
“He had four of our elite with him. Vanya went along so she could bring back news once the meeting ended. Your father was to go to London right afterward. The council informed me when he didn’t arrive. One of the four guards was found dead near the estate yesterday. I’m sorry, Aidan, it was Michael. I know you were close.” She tried to reach across the table to touch his arm. 
Aidan pulled away from her, his arm going to the back of my chair draping across the top. His emotions were now close to the surface, and I felt his pain about losing a friend. Memories flashed across his mind of a tall, dark-haired, pleasant man. They had gone through training and school together. Shared a room and been close. Aidan cleared his throat, pushing down his emotions.
“And nothing since then? Has Vanya come back?” He asked.
“No, not one of them has made it back. The council is worried. They want an update from you directly.” What she meant was they wanted an update on me. 
“We can’t go to them yet.” Aidan told her.
“Only you would need to go.” She pushed him.
“I am not going anywhere without Alexa. She is my bonded. You know what that means.” He pushed back his chair to stand. The way he made his statement made me wary. We had agreed I would have time.
“We need to find father first. And figure out who is feeding information to our enemies.” He dismissed his mother, walking back to the house as well. 
“Alexa, you must convince him to see the council.” She spoke to me, watching his retreating back.
“Aidan is his own person. He makes his own decisions.” I answered, as I got up to follow him.
Bet remained with her mother as I made my way up the porch and into the house. In the center of the living area, Aidan and Elron were talking. Elron was still clearly upset. His stance was one of defeat, while I felt something else starting to come to the surface. His agony at Bet’s actions was evident. I approached him cautiously, taking small steps until I stood beside him. 
“She couldn’t help it, Elron.” I whispered to him. “It’s her father. Eliana must have known she would be the most responsive to her call.” 
His sad eyes spoke of his not understanding how she could keep it a secret. Walking away from me, he slumped onto the couch, his head bent staring at the floor. Bet stood at the door, her eyes locked on Elron who did not look up upon her arrival. Liam was glaring at her. Fresh tears flowed down her cheeks. Aidan stood by the table, his hands braced on its edges. Our trust in each other seemed broken. I had to do something to bring us together again. We needed each other. Eliana would not win.
“I want you all to listen to me. This is what she wants. I felt it as clearly as she was standing there. Her whole intention was to drive a wedge between us. I don’t know why. The whole thing is about Elron and Bet. She obviously doesn’t want them together. Those are her reasons. They are not ours. We must stand together.” I spoke sharply.
Liam and Aidan were staring at me. Elron could still not bring himself to look at Bet. I sighed in frustration at their stubbornness. I reached towards Bet and pulled her into the room, pushing her to sit next to Elron on the couch. She sat, unsure what to do.
“Bet, tell us how she contacted you. Why you didn’t tell us?” I tried not to be accusing.
“It was during your training with Elron. She warned me against telling anyone, that someone was a danger to us. I didn’t know what to do. She told me father was missing and I was so worried.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Elron finally spoke. “Do you think I would hurt anyone here?”
“No!” She exclaimed, her hand coming to rest on his arm. “I have been feeling strange lately. I don’t know how to explain it. I would never doubt you.”
“Yet you didn’t say anything. How have you been feeling different?” Elron now sounded worried about her.
I had noticed something different about her too. Aidan felt it also. I looked at her more closely, trying to feel her, finally realizing what it was. I gave a startled half laugh. Their surprised eyes snapped towards me.
“Um, Elron, you’re going to be a dad.” I laughed harder, as shock registered on his face. 
Bet’s hand went to her belly, surprise evident on her face as well. Elron was speechless, his eyes darting from me to Bet. I was about to say something when my pendant started glowing, burning my skin. I reached up to touch it just as understanding of what it meant had Aidan instantly by my side. Bet and Elron got up from the couch, looking at us to tell them what to do. Aidan grabbed Liam and me, flashing us out of the room. The last thing I saw was Bet and Elron vanishing into thin air.

Chapter 31 - Alexa

In the space between where we were and where we materialized, clouds swirled around us, trying to block our way. I struggled to hold onto Aidan. I could see his panic, as he fought to not lose his grip on me. Liam held onto Aidan, his legs floating behind him, as strong winds tried to drag him away. I wrapped myself around Aidan’s body, holding him next to me. My free hand grabbed and held Liam. I could not see Bet and Elron. Closing my eyes against the howling winds around us, I touched Aidan’s mind, focusing both our strengths to make it through. 
We finally crossed over, falling to our knees in lush green grass. A brilliant blue lake was in front of us. Aidan lay on his back, eyes closed, catching his breath. I struggled to sit up; realizing the heavy weight on me was Liam, who lay face down on top of me. Realizing where he was, he pushed away from me, coming to rest on the grass next to me. 
“Sorry.” He said, out of breath.
Aidan opened his eyes, smiling at Liam’s embarrassment. He sat up as well, looking around at our surroundings. The lake sat on the edge of a mountain that rose so high it looked as if it touched the sky. Clouds floated, obscuring the peak of it. Behind us, a ruined fort sat facing another large body of water on the other side. Birds sang all around us, with the sun blazing across the sky. I stood, stretching my muscles, bringing the feeling back to my legs. Whatever it was that had tried to stop our passing during our transport, had added to my already sore and aching muscles. Aidan came over to me, wrapping one arm around my waist to steady me. I was too captivated by the scenery to take much notice of the gentle kiss he placed on my neck. The scenery was truly magnificent, truly awe inspiring.
“Where are we?” I asked him.
“Lake Garda, near Verona. It was the closest I could get us to our estate.” 
“It’s beautiful. Are we close to any cities?”
“Yes, but far enough. We don’t want anyone to know we are here.” He warned me. “Liam, we should be able to make it there within the hour. Be alert.” He called out to Liam.
Groaning, Liam stood up. He seemed to be more affected by our travels than we were. He bent backward at the waist, stretching his back. After a few more stretching moves, he straightened his sword on his back before walking off to take a path by the lake. Aidan smiled at me, motioning me to follow Liam. With Liam in front and Aidan behind, I had little choice but to do as he asked. The path meandered around the lake, through the breathtaking scenery all around. We rounded a corner to find Liam standing beside a boat, preparing it to cast off. The crisp white hull reflected the blue of the water. It swayed gently in the waves. We stepped inside, Liam giving a push with his foot to get us away from the shore. Once we had clearance, Aidan started the engine, driving us into the lake, heading towards the base of the mountain on the other side. 
“Aidan, what happened during our transport?” I asked, once I was seated on one of the benches.
“Someone was trying to follow us, to see where we were going.” Liam explained instead.
“Could it have been Bet and Elron? Where do you think they are?” I was worried about them. We had not left them on the best of terms. I hoped they were somewhere safe, and were still talking to each other.
“No, it wasn’t them. I’m sure they’re fine. I saw them leave.” Aidan was trying to hide his own worry. 
The boat rode the waves around a corner of the lake. Coming into view in front of us was an amazing mansion nestled on one of the foothills. The red terra-cotta roof contrasted with the stark white walls. We drew closer, where I could see how beautifully it had been crafted to become a part of the mountain around it. I willed the boat to go faster so I could see it all. Aidan made a correction on our course, putting the house directly in front of us. I stood up to better see how it reached high into the hillside. The house was built with multiple levels. At least six from what I could see. Rooms peeked out from them, each level housing at least three on its own. 
We arrived at the dock, where Liam jumped off the boat to anchor it. Aidan helped me climb out, then assisted Liam with the boat. I lifted my head to see the property rise above me, seemingly going upward forever. Aidan took my elbow, guiding me towards two large wooden doors that stood on our level. Placing his hand on the door to our right, in a depression in the shape of a hand, the door shuddered and groaned as it slowly opened. 
Inside, a courtyard with a running fountain surrounded by benches, flowers and bushes, greeted us. My senses told me we were alone. I walked further inside taking in all the scents floating in the air. The smell of roses, violets and green fir invaded my nose. The fountain was made up of a large statue of Asher, Aidan’s father. He stood tall; a bow with an arrow poised to be released was in his hands. At his feet, six mermaids held vases from where water poured out into the basin. 
I felt a stirring near me and turned towards it. Liam jumped in front of me, making me lose my balance. Before I could fall, Aidan steadied me. Liam, sword in hand, held it poised to strike whatever I felt. I did not sense danger, my pendant lying dormant around my neck. It was my new warning system. He visibly relaxed and replaced his sword in his sheath. In front of us, Elron materialized, his face showing relief to have found us. I waited for Bet to show up, but the space next to him remained empty.
“Where’s Bet?” I asked him.
He winced at the question. Had they continued to fight after we left? We needed to stick together. He looked at Liam and Aidan before speaking.
“She went to see Eliana.”
“What? Why?” Had he hurt her? Said something to make her leave?
“She was angry.” He explained. Before I could ask if he did something, he continued. “No, it wasn’t because of me. She was angry with her mother.”
“We need more than that. Where did you go? What happened?” Liam sat on one of the benches.
“I pulled us to Greenwich. I have never seen Bet so angry. We saw Myrick arriving just before we winked out. She was sure it was Eliana’s arrival that showed him where we were. I tried to get Bet to come with me, but she wanted to confront her mother.”
“Will she be able to find us? Are we at risk again?” I looked to Aidan for the answers.
“I don’t know. I think we’re safe here for now. We will have to move again, but it gives us an opportunity to see if we can find my father in the meantime. This was where his meeting was to be held. It’s also where we can look for information. The house’s library has all our documents.” 
That is what I had sensed from him when we were with Eliana. She had mentioned this place. He had not wanted her to know we were coming here. Aidan glanced at Liam, who stood to lead the way into the house. Stepping into the vast entrance, gray, veined, white marble extended across the floor. The walls were decorated with mosaics of different battle scenes. Stairs made of dark mahogany wood wound their way to the floors above. To our right, two stained glass doors stood open to the largest room I had ever seen. I entered the room, feeling dwarfed by its size. In front of me, at the opposite side of the room, the biggest fireplace imaginable drew my eyes. It stretched to the ceiling, which was at least ten-feet tall and spanned almost the width of the room. The massive room was almost empty of furnishings. Only one table, extending about the length of the room, stood at its center. No chairs were evident. 
As I walked to the middle of the room, sofas, tables and chairs materialized out of a fog around me. I spun around, my eyes wide in appreciation of the colors and designs. The whole area altered into a medieval drawing room. Deep crimson cushions adorned the chairs. The tables were antique wooden marvels. Walls were draped with a variety of tapestries, their colors mimicking those of the chairs. Four ruby red, incredibly enormous sofas were placed near the fireplace. A warm, welcoming fire blazed from within the grate. I did not know what to give my attention to first. Everything was calling to me. The beautifully crafted vases, sculptures and miniature glass figurines that decorated the area added to the captivating scene before me. I glided my hand across a bronze statue of a knight on a horse, while walking with my mouth open further into the room. 
“The room adapts to what the person in it needs. This is usually a meeting room.” Aidan said, still in the doorway. “Are you hungry? I know I am starved.” 
“I seem to always be hungry.” I said, my eyes not leaving the scene before me. 
I saw the room shimmer again, the furniture dissolving. In its place a grand dining room materialized. A large table, stretching across the room, filled with food took up the space in front of me. About twenty chairs sat around it. Everything seemed to be larger than life. I took a seat, filling my plate with different offerings presented to me. The others came to join me, each taking a chair and serving themselves.
We ate in silence, lost in our thoughts. I was attuned to Aidan, fidgeting, trying to think of where we should start. Maybe there was a clue somewhere here about his father. Taking the last bite of my sticky cinnamon bun, I placed my hand on his knee, to still his thoughts.
“Where should we begin?” I asked. 
“If he made it here, he would have left a shadow trail. We should be able to make it appear if it’s here.”
“I don’t understand. A shadow trail?” 
“Yes, a part of us is left behind, as a memory in time.” Liam explained.
“How do we see it?” I looked at Aidan.
“We need to go the projection room.” He answered.
“Okay, let’s go.” I stood up ready to go.
Liam chuckled. “It’s not that kind of projection room. No movies involved.”
“We can’t walk into it. We have to transport. Only Sidhe can get in.” Elron added.
“I might not be able to get in you mean?” I grasped what they were saying.
“One of us will have to stay here with you if you can’t.” Aidan made it clear. “I can’t leave you unprotected.”
It was important we know if his father had come here and what these trails could tell us. I was willing to stay behind, but I wanted Aidan to go. It was his father. If I could not get in, Aidan would want to stay with me. I could not let that happen. We should try and see. Elron would have to stay with me. Liam needed to be there just as much as Aidan. 
“Let’s try first before anything is decided.” Aidan spoke, knowing where my thoughts had gone. 
“How do we do this?” I needed direction on how to make it happen.
The three men looked at each other. The next thing I knew, I was in empty space with them. Stone walls formed a circle around us. There was a stone pedestal in the center of the room. The three of them were staring at me with a bemused look on their faces.
“That was anticlimactic.” I snorted a laugh.
“We should stop being surprised at what she can do.” Liam concurred with my statement.
I looked around what was plainly a cave. The walls, floor and pedestal were gray stone. It was as if the space had been formed naturally. We were in a hole in the middle of a mountain or deep in the earth. No marks showed on the stone and an unnatural light illuminated the area. There were no doors or entryways. The pedestal’s top was flat, its base a perfect circle running into the stone below. I ran my hand over the top and felt a surge of power travel through my fingertips and up my arm. 
“What now?” I spoke, feeling the energy settle as I dropped my hand.
The three came to stand around the pedestal with me. Aidan used his index finger to touch the center of it. He stepped back, lowering his arm. I saw Elron and Liam take a step back, so I took a step back with them. The air grew cold; frost from our breath clouded the cave. I shivered, shaking my head at Aidan to stay where he was. I could feel his need to come keep me warm. Whatever was happening was important though. We needed to understand what had happened to his father. 
The area around me grew clouded. I did not know if it was from our breath or if something else was going on. Losing site of the men in the fog, feeling alone, the cave vibrated beneath my feet. From the top of the pedestal a muted light started to glow. It magnified in intensity, growing, surrounding the space above it. Within the light, I could see figures moving. It looked like a silent movie playing. I could see Asher moving around in a room I did not recognize. The other people in the room with him were unknown to me. I wished we could hear what was being said. Asher looked agitated, angry, pacing the room. 
“What do you mean you can’t find him?” Asher’s angry voice blasted suddenly in the confines of the room, making me jump.
“We don’t know how to contact him, Sire.” A female voice responded. I could not see who it was. She was off to the side, out of sight.
“I thought you had this under control. No, leave! I have to think.” Asher really was angry at whoever he was talking to. 
“Yes, Sire.” The woman responded. I heard the clicking of heels as she left the room. Asher continued walking back and forth. The remaining two men followed him with their eyes, both clearly too frightened to interrupt him. I had not spent much time with Asher, but in that state he was not someone I wanted to get near. He stopped in front of the two men and spoke, or I should say, ordered them.
“Continue with the plans. I will be there shortly. I need to communicate with the queen before we leave. Make sure no one follows us.” The two men bowed and left, almost running out of the room. 
Asher closed his eyes, standing still, his mouth moving silently. Was he communicating with someone? His head slanted to one side, his eyes flew open, a steely look coming into them. The clicking heels were back. Asher faced the person coming into the room, still out of my view, shock on his face. 
“Why?” Was the only word he said before he crumpled to the ground. At his loss of consciousness, the image in front of me distorted, losing its cohesion. The air around me started to clear, the heavy fog dissipating. I hoped we would get more, but the cave warmed up, my body heating up with it. Aidan was instantly beside me, wrapping me in his arms.
“That was a waste of time.” I heard Liam hiss angrily. Elron also blew out a breath sounding frustrated. I did not understand their reactions. 
“What do you mean? Obviously our spy is female. Somehow she knocked out your father.” I told them. Had they not seen the same thing I did? Aidan was looking down at me, his face showing he did not know what I was talking about. I looked at them one by one and saw the same look on each of their faces.
“Let’s get out of here. We can discuss this back at the estate.” Elron suggested.
Aidan took my hand. The sensation of traveling overcame me and I found myself back in the estate’s room. The room had changed back into a drawing room. Aidan led me to a couch, making sure I was comfortably settled. He paced the room, while Liam sat down beside me. I reached for a throw suddenly feeling chilled. Liam had the same idea. Our hands briefly touched as we both reached out at the same time. Liam moved further away, making sure we could not touch again. I stamped down the hurt, draping the soft cloth over my shoulders. Aidan came to sit down next to me, asking I explain what I saw. I told them everything I remembered. My suspicion on who the woman was I kept to myself. I thought I knew her identity, but until I was sure I would not say anything. I had heard those clicking heels before. It would be a big problem if I were right. 
“So, mother is keeping more secrets. She did not tell us father had communicated with her before his disappearance.” Liam looked at Aidan, clearly furious.
“Maybe it was with someone else.” I offered an explanation, hoping that was the case. 
“We cannot assume anything. We need to know for sure. I will have to contact her.” Aidan rose from his seat, walking to the open window looking out to the lake. From his stance, remembering his father from my vision, I knew he was trying to communicate with his mother. I looked at Liam who, still furious from what I could see, was looking where Aidan was standing. 
“I can’t reach her.” Aidan informed us, walking back to me.
“Bet?” Elron asked.
“I tried. Nothing.” He confirmed Elron’s suspicion.
“I still feel her. So she’s not hurt.” Elron confided to us. His comment gave me hope wherever she was, she might be safe. I was still worried about her though. Was she being held somewhere, and why was Eliana unreachable? We had more mysteries to solve, while trying to find the Kaemorra as well. 
“Alexa, I know you have your suspicions. Maybe you should tell us.” Aidan stood in front of me. Crap, I thought. He could read me so well. Our bond was inconvenient at times like that. Not sure how much to say at that point, I weighed my options. 
“I can’t be sure. It’s only a feeling so I need to think it over. I’ll only say I think it’s someone close to your family, Aidan.” I hoped I said enough for them to drop it. He stared at me trying to read me. Realizing he could not press me further, he plopped down on the sofa beside me. 
“Now what?” Liam mumbled. 
“We continue with the training. Our mission hasn’t changed. If along the way we find any clues on father’s whereabouts we can summon the guards to help us.” Aidan answered Liam. 
I lost interest in what they were discussing. My mind was on other things, so I tuned them out. I was thinking about those clicking heels again, trying to remember exactly where I had heard the sound. If my suspicions were right, there would be hell to pay for that individual. What I could not figure out was the motive for the betrayal. I could not understand it. Maybe I was mistaken. 
Getting up, I walked to the window and looked out to the water, taking in the shore on the other side of the lake. It really was peaceful. The mountains surrounded us on all sides. A slight breeze made the trees sway gently. The sun was starting to set, casting a long shadow over the water. Mesmerized by the scene before me, I almost missed the movement on the shore across from us. Focusing on it, I saw a person jumping up and down, waving on the other side. Without turning my head from what I was seeing, I called out to get the men’s attention.
“Guys, I think you need to see this.” 
“What is it? See a mermaid or something?” Liam joked, as he trailed behind Aidan and Elron, coming to where I stood. 
“Funny.” I told him. “No, there’s someone over there.” I pointed to where the jumping continued. Whoever it was, they were excited about something. 
I looked at Aidan, hoping he had an explanation. From what I could see he was just as surprised as I was. Elron on the other hand stiffened. His face scowled, and I think I heard a growl come out of him. We all turned to look at him. 
“So, friend of yours?” I asked him. 
His scowl deepened at my question, making my curiosity notch up a bit more. Whoever they were, they were not a friend of Elron’s. Aidan laughed at his reaction and Liam patted him on the back. I seemed to be the only one out of the joke.
“Will someone tell me who that is please? Should we be worried?” I tried to get an answer.
“I will go get him. He is drawing attention to us.” Elron stormed towards the door.
Aidan and Liam burst out laughing. Looking out the window, I could see Elron untie the boat and climb in. He started the engine, taking off towards whoever it was. I could see that the subject of Elron’s annoyance stopped jumping around and sat on the beach. The boat got further away, getting smaller as it neared the other side. Turning back towards the two laughing idiots in the room with me, I gave them what I hoped was an exasperated stare.
“So, can you fill me in?” I tried to sound angry, which only made them laugh harder.
“Nope, wait and see.” Liam managed to get out.
“Why does Elron have to go get him? Can’t he just transport here?” I questioned Aidan, who was still trying to control his laughter.
“The whole area around the estate is protected against it. Only certain people can transport in or out.” Liam answered.
Through the window, I could now see the boat heading back. The closer they got, I could see Elron waving his arms at the person, clearly agitated. I shook my head, knowing I would have to wait for any answers. Aidan approached me slowly, trying to bring himself under control. I could see he was having difficulty. Liam was wiping tears from his eyes. I shook my head at their antics. 
“But you have to listen to me.” I heard a voice say as they neared the room.
“What the hell do you think you are doing, coming here of all places?” Elron’s voice bellowed as he entered the room, holding a young man by the scruff of his shirt. The man’s feet were hardly touching the floor as he tried to get away from Elron. Scared he would hurt him; I got up and tried to intervene. Aidan grabbed me at the waist, placing me back on the sofa.
“Let me go.” I struggled to get loose. “Elron, put him down!” 
“Yes, listen to the nice lady. Put me down you buffoon.” The other man yelled at Elron.
Elron looked at me, then at the young man and pushed him away. Falling to the floor, he cursed Elron in colorful language, which made me smile at the shocked look on Elron’s face. Looking like he was about to throttle the poor man, I broke free from Aidan and placed myself between them. I stared at Elron, hoping he would back down. Elron rolled his eyes and walked away. I looked at the young man as he got up off the floor. He was smiling at me, pleased that I intervened.
“Now, can I get some answers?” I looked at Elron, who sat down shaking his head at me.
“My Lady, I am Tory.” He bowed to me from the waist. “And that buffoon is my brother.”
I looked at Aidan, who only smiled at me. From behind me, I heard Liam chuckle, Elron was studying his nails. What was the matter with them? I wondered. Aidan whispered in my mind not to ask. Shaking my head at their idiocy, I extended my hand to Tory.
“Hi, my name is Alexa.” He took my hand and placed a kiss on it. I could feel Aidan suppressing his amusement. 
“What are you doing here, Tory?” Aidan asked, controlling himself.
“Sire, I have news you must hear.” Tory walked to stand in front of Aidan. He glanced at Elron to make sure he was not in any danger.
“And what news do you have that would interest us?” Elron said sarcastically.
“I was here when the king was taken, idiot!” Tory told him.

Chapter 32 - Alexa

Tory looked pleased at the reaction his words elicited. Even Elron was struck mute. Tory was bouncing from one foot to other, excited and smiling. He looked no more than twenty, but in Sidhe years who knew. Small-framed, barely reaching Aidan’s shoulders, his chocolate brown hair and features were the opposite of Elron’s. He looked so innocent, bubbly compared to Elron’s seriousness. 
“Sire, I saw what happened.” He reasserted to Aidan.
“Stop with the sire business. We’re not in medieval England.” Elron thundered at Tory, causing him to jump. “What in blazes are you doing here?” Elron barked. I had never seen Elron lose his cool before. 
“I followed dad here.” Tory frowned, looking at his feet, which were still bouncing around. Elron looked ready to blow. I took pity on Tory, smiling at him to continue. His eyes darted between me and his brother. 
“Tory, come sit down.” I walked up to him, took his arm, pulling him to take a seat. Elron rolled his eyes again, at the same time Liam muffled a laugh. Tory sat down, keeping my hand in his, his eyes two large orbs on his face.
“My Lady, thank-you!” He brought my hand back to his lips. I could not help but smile at him.
“Tory, call me Alexa please.” He stopped, my hand still on his lips, looking at me from under his lashes. His expression showed surprise that I would ask to be called by my name. I could tell he thought that it would be inappropriate. His face colored as I smiled gently at him. What could I do? He seemed smitten with me. I almost laughed at the notion.
Aidan was now standing beside Elron, their heads close together, whispering between themselves. Their soft voices did not reach me, so I could not hear what they were saying. Tory blissfully continued staring at me, unaware of the men discussing him. 
“Tory.” Aidan called out to him. “When you’re ready, can you tell us why you followed your father here?”
“He got called to a meeting. Very secret. Mom was crying.” He looked at Elron as he spoke the last part. 
“Why was our mother crying? What did you do?” Elron accused him.
“It wasn’t me.” Tory looked affronted. “She didn’t want him to go. She had a bad feeling.”
“Who called the meeting, Tory?” Aidan asked patiently.
“Didn’t recognize the voice, but it was a woman. She sounded nice.” He said dreamily, lost in his own imaginings. Young men and their hormones, I almost laughed. I was easily replaced it seemed.
“Tory, back to the story.” Aidan was trying hard not to laugh.
“Yes, well, she said the meeting would be here. So I sneaked on dad’s travel trail. I was lucky he didn’t see me. He was being very careful. I couldn’t follow on the boat though. I had to wait on the other side.”
“So how do you know what happened here?” Elron’s blood pressure was rising, his neck going red.
“For someone who thinks he knows everything, I know something you don’t.” Tory mocked Elron. 
“Tory, back to the story.” Aidan waved off Elron, who was ready to get up and thrash his brother.
“Um, right, so I called the tree sprite who lives on the tree outside. She listened in on what was going on in here.”
“Tree sprite?” The question escaped my lips. 
“She is really very nice, although I had to give her my ring for her to help me. I really liked that ring.” Tory explained sadly.
“Where is the tree sprite? Maybe she’ll explain better than you are and quicker too.” Elron pressed him.
“Oh, she’s not here right now. She had to go exchange the ring or something. But she’ll be back tomorrow. Anyway, father came over and met with the king. They were talking about getting some warlock to break a spell. There were two other men who were arguing with them that it couldn’t be done. And the lady was listening to the whole thing. She looked kind of angry, but Rina couldn’t tell at whom.”
“Rina?” Aidan asked, his whole attention on the details Tory was giving.
“The tree sprite, that’s her name. She said they were yelling pretty loud. It was hurting her ears. She’s small, so little ears. Yes, so, the lady said they should continue the next day. It was getting late. She left the room and the king said he had to discuss this with the queen. I think he did. Then the men left the room. The king was alone. That’s when it happened.” He stopped and looked at us, his face full of fear.
“What, what did she see?” I took his hand to steady him.
“The lady came back into the room. There was a man with her. They used some kind of spell on the king. It looked like he went to sleep. He fell. The lady and the man stood over him. Rina said the man wanted to kill him, but the lady said they might need him later. That’s when a guard came in, but the man used another spell. Rina was sure the guard died. Then they took the king and vanished through a portal.” He finished, out of breath and scared.
“Do you know who they were, Tory? Had Rina seen them before?” Liam interjected, asking the questions in all our heads.
“No, she had never seen them before.” He looked at his hand, still in mine; I could feel that one of his fingers had worn a ring.
“So, this tree sprite, Rina, will be back tomorrow?” I asked him. 
“That’s what she said.” He answered me.
“I need to speak with mother.” Aidan was anxious. His worry that his mother had also fallen to some danger was increasingly clear. Why else would she not respond? With everything else we needed to do, this only added to our list. I felt him try his link, try to communicate with her. 
“Elron, try to get through to Bet. See if you can reach her.” Aidan was frustrated at the lack of response.
“I’m getting nothing either.” Elron said, looking at Liam, who shook his head that he could not reach anyone either. 
I remembered Eliana had said my mother was supposed to be here at the council meeting as well. No one had mentioned her. The lack of news was causing me to worry about her safety. We had so many questions, and not enough answers. I had a sinking feeling we were being manipulated in some way. It was too convenient the way it was drawing us away from our original goal. Could all this be a way to delay us? 
“Alexa, what is it?” Aidan wanted to know what I was thinking. I found it telling he was not able to read my thoughts. He must be still trying to reach his mother.
“I just find all this suspicious, the way we have been drawn away from finding the crystal.” I voiced my concern.
“What do you mean?” Elron asked.
“Since the explosion at my building, we have been thrown off our goal, by one thing or another. It’s as if someone is putting roadblocks in front of us to keep us from advancing.” I explained.
“We would still have to wait to go after the Kaemorra, Alexa. You will be better prepared after your birthday. There is also the fact we need information on Meredith, I can’t see how anyone would know of our plans.” Aidan explained away my reasoning. We will discuss this later away from Tory. He added in my mind.
“It sounds like one of my quest games. You know the computer ones?” Tory interjected.
“Isn’t it time you went home?” Elron got up and whacked Tory across the head.
“You still need me.” Tory grinned at him
“And why is that?” I said, cutting off Elron, who looked ready to hit him again.
“Rina won’t talk to you if I’m not here.” He said pleased with himself.
“Why is that?” Aidan repeated my question to Tory.
“She will only talk to me because I’m not old like you guys. She doesn’t like old people.”
“I am not old!” Elron sounded insulted.
“You are to her.” He laughed.
So Rina only dealt with the young. I wondered why. It was too dangerous to keep Tory with us. I knew he would have to be sent back home, but we had no choice but to keep him around, at least until tomorrow. If Rina could tell us where we could find Asher, we needed Tory’s help. Aidan silently agreed with me, sharing his thoughts with me. I was becoming accustomed to having him in my head. He smiled at my reaction, at the same time sharing with me what I said about my suspicions may be true.
“So Tory stays until tomorrow. Then we will send him back home.” Aidan said as Tory blew a kiss at Elron. Swearing under his breath, Elron strode out of the room, before he did something he would regret. Tory laughed at his departing brother. 
“Liam, can you show Tory to one of the bedrooms?” I asked him.
“Yes, I’ll see you guys in the morning. I’ll continue trying to contact mom or Bet.” Liam grabbed Tory by the back of the neck, walking him out. At the door, Liam turned to look at me. He looked as if he were about to say something, but seeing Aidan turn to look at him, Liam walked out mumbling something under his breath.
Whatever it was, I had no time to try to figure it out. Aidan started pacing around the room, causing me to stare at him. He was still trying to contact his mother. Her silence was either on purpose or something else was going on. With her you could never tell. I had a hard time reading her, understanding her motivations. Leaving Aidan to his pacing, I made my way upstairs, finding a bedroom so I could rest.
Chapter 33 - Alexa

I had a dreamless sleep, waking the next morning completely rested. Lying on my back, I opened my eyes to bright sunshine streaming through my open window. I heard no sounds coming from within the house, only the peaceful ones from outside my window. The soft lapping of water, birds chirping and trees swaying. I took a moment to enjoy the solitude. Aidan was still sleeping. For someone who said his race did not need much rest, he seemed to be sleeping more than I was. I wondered if there was something to it. 
Getting up, stretching, I quickly dressed, making a stop at the bathroom before heading downstairs. There was no one in the main room, which hazily changed to a breakfast room once I entered. I poured a cup of coffee, piled food on a plate, making sure to add a couple of donuts. 
Deciding to take my fare to the garden, I stepped outside. The warmth of the sun caressed my face as I walked to one of the benches. I placed my plate on it and holding onto my steaming cup, I took a sip, strolling around the stoned path. The sound of the flowing waters from the fountain, the myriad colors from the blooming flowers and the spectacular mountain view around me, made me sigh with pleasure. If only every day could start like this. I circled the statue of Asher, my steps taking me all around the basin. The stone mermaids were beautifully crafted, their features so lifelike. I reached out to touch one, letting my hand rest on the hard marbled tendrils of hair that flowed all the way to the end of her fin. At my touch, I felt a soft sigh come from the fountain. Weird, I thought, pulling my hand away. 
Continuing my walk around the fountain, suspicion made me stop. I suddenly felt like I was being watched. Looking around and seeing no one, I shook away the feeling. My imagination must be acting up. A little laugh floated in the air. I jumped at the intruding sound. Seeing no one, I set my cup on the rim of the fountain, surveying the vicinity. 
“I’m over here.” I heard a voice say. It seemed to be coming from the path leading to the side of the building. I hesitantly walked towards the voice. Still seeing nothing, I stopped.
“Don’t be afraid. I’m on the tree. Keep coming.” The voice reassured me.
“I don’t see you.” I said to the air around me, stepping closer to the only tree on that side of the house.
“Look up. On the branch.” The little voice guided me.
I leaned closer to the tree, studying the branches. Within the leaves of one branch, I saw two small arms waving at me. The figure of a woman stood there, dressed in a long flowing violet dress. Cinched at her tiny waist by a gold belt, sheer to the eyes, I could see every curve of her body displayed under it. The bodice fell low in a V-shape almost to her bellybutton. Her ample breasts were barely held in by the fabric. Luckily, her auburn hair was long enough to cover up anything that may have been exposed. She obviously was not modest. Her sleeveless arms continued to wave at me. She must have been about four inches tall.
“Hello.” I said to her, keeping my distance.
“Hi, Mabel was so happy to have someone acknowledge her. You made her century.” She was staring towards the fountain.
“Mabel?” What was she talking about? Was there someone else here as well?
“The mermaid, silly. She hasn’t felt a human touch in a very long time. She is sharing with her friends over there. They are so jealous.” The sprite sat down on the branch, her legs swinging back and forth.
“Who are you?” I asked. “Wait, the mermaids are alive?”
“Yes, silly, they’ve been enchanted. Old spell. They’ve been there for several centuries.” She said.
“Why would someone do something so cruel?” I looked back at the statues.
“I think some queen was jealous of them. Something to do with the king visiting them.” The sprite explained.
“Is there anything we can do to help them?” 
“Maybe. Depends. Do you want the queen angry with you?” She looked at me, mischief showing on her face.
“Right now, I couldn’t care less.” I laughed.
“Come closer. Lift up your hand to me.” She said standing up.
I lifted my hand palm up. She waved me closer. Once my hand was up along the branch, she climbed gingerly onto my open palm. Sitting herself down, legs folded under her, she waved me back towards the fountain. Her movements tickled me and I resisted the urge to scratch where she sat.
“Let’s go sit on the bench. The bugs will be eating your breakfast soon.” She motioned again with her head for me to walk. At the bench, she pointed down, and I let my hand come along the top of the bench. When she was level with it, she stepped off, sitting herself down. 
I walked back to the fountain to retrieve my cup. The mermaids’ eyes seemed to follow my movements. I returned to the bench to take a seat. I lifted a donut, taking a bite, my new friend watching me. 
“What’s your name?” I asked, after swallowing. I had an inkling of who she was.
“My name is Darina, but everyone calls me Rina. I think Tory may have mentioned me.” She raised an eyebrow at me.
“Yes, he seemed quite taken with you. I thought you didn’t speak to adults?”
“I have no problems with the young and women. It’s the men who are a challenge.” She laughed again.
“Why is that?” I was confused. What kind of challenge would there be?
“Alexa, you are so new at this. It will be my pleasure to help you on your little adventure.” The words were said teasingly.
“You know who I am?” Mistrust replaced my fascination.  
“I know much and sometimes nothing at all.” She stood up suddenly. “Oh no, stop him. Don’t let him see me.”
She tried to run behind me out of sight, but it was too late, Liam had already seen her. I had not heard him come out. The plate he held dropped out of his hand, shattering on the stones as it hit, food flying everywhere. I quickly drew enough power to reassemble it and had it placed on the bench beside mine. Liam was staring at Rina, a strange look on his face. It was a look he sometimes sent my way. I recognized it. It brought me no pleasure it was being given to Rina. I took a step towards him, trying to draw his attention back to me. His eyes never left her. It was as if I did not exist. Jealousy had me place myself in front of him, cutting his view of her. Still, he was slow to recover. It took a moment before I saw him pull himself back to the present.
“This is not good.” I heard her say. She jumped off the bench, landing gracefully next to my feet. Visible again to Liam, he followed her with his eyes. He took a step towards her. Reaching for him before he could take another one, I held him back. He struggled against my hold, trying to break free. I felt the air around me change, heard a crackling sound coming from near Rina. What now? I thought. I really needed help here. Liam stopped trying to get closer to her. The hypnotized look on his face was replaced by bewilderment. I released him, saw him take a step away from where Rina had landed on the grass.
Something was happening where Rina stood. The air around her shimmered, swirling around her, creating a mini vortex. Before my eyes I saw her growing, getting larger, until she stood next to me, a full-sized woman. She smoothed her hair, a small frown on her face, as she looked at Liam. She was shorter than me, but not by much. Liam was studying her openly. I could see his eyes wander over every one of her curves.  
“I hate when that happens.” She said walking towards him. “What do we have here?”
Liam stood still as she walked up to him, then slowly around him, studying him. She let her hand run across his upper back, a smile on her face.
“He is very handsome. Very strong.” She came to stand in front of him, a pensive look replacing her smile.
“What’s going on?” Was Liam in danger? Should I do something? I did not like the way she was looking at him or touching him. Taking a step towards them, Liam caught my eye and shook his head for me to stay where I was.
 With her back to me, I could not tell what she was doing. I saw her raise her hand again, but Liam grabbed her wrist, stopping her from any further touching. He looked to finally have regained his senses. Whatever she had done to him, he finally had control again. 
“You have questions. I hear you’re bonded, and the others inside.” She looked at Liam, who still held her wrist. “Let’s go join them.” She pulled her hand out of Liam’s grip. Her face showed irritation as she made for the house. 
Liam finally looked at me, his expression mirroring mine. At a loss to explain, he merely followed Rina. Leaving my breakfast on the bench, I had no choice but to see where she was going. At the door, I glanced back at the fountain, remembering I had to do something about the mermaids.
Aidan was coming down the stairs ready for battle. Sword in hand, he all but ran down to reach me. I reached out to him, communicated to him that we were fine. Rina’s presence did little to make him take my word for it. He still maintained his guarded state. Watching her suspiciously as she entered the main room, Aidan kept me at his side. Liam kept himself out of the way, behind us. In the main room, we found Elron and Tory enjoying their breakfast. Tory looked stunned to see his friend in full-sized form. Rina sat herself down on a chair, looking at Elron who had his back to her, piling food on a plate. She looked at a loss for words, her mouth hanging open slightly as if in amazement. 
Liam joined Elron at the table, choosing to eat as well. She briefly gazed at him, then at Elron who continued to ignore her. The only one who seemed to be paying attention to her was Tory. 
“Rina, is there anything wrong?” I asked her, while she looked behind her again and gave a little laugh.
“Nothing really. I’m not exactly sure. This is new to me. They usually just fall all over themselves to please me.” She said, looking at Elron again who now sat eating his food, not paying any special attention to her. 
“Rina is a nymph.” Aidan tried to explain, as he neared the table to get a cup of coffee. “Tree sprites are nymphs.” As if that explained anything to me.
“Well, I seem to be losing my touch.” She looked between all the men, clearly bewildered about something.
“I think you will find we are not affected by you.” Aidan told her. 
“What?” She was clearly surprised by his statement.
She was completely thrown, that was obvious, but I still did not understand a thing. I needed someone to explain to me what was going on. She walked up to Liam, who stiffened at her approach. Her fingers traced a line from one side of his jawline to the other. They came to rest under his chin. Liam rolled his eyes, stepping away from her. Rina gave way to a brief display of anger at being rebuffed. I myself felt pleased Liam did not fall under her spell. 
“Someone please explain to me what is going on.” I said, stopping her from trying the same thing on Aidan.
Rina looked at me, her eyes narrowing as she realized I did not want her touching either man. Too bad, I thought. Even if I could not make up my mind between them, they were off limits to her. Walking back to the table, she sat down heavily on one of the chairs. She started to speak softly, her voice gaining strength as she started to explain. As a tree sprite, she had isolated herself on this island to escape the constant attention from males. Tree sprites exuded sensual energy, drawing males to them who lost themselves in pleasing the sprites. The men had no will; nothing mattered to them except being physically connected to the nymph before them. Usually she resided in the trees, small like when I had first seen her. When a man was able to see her, she grew in size to receive their attentions. I could just guess what attentions those were. Rina had left her world behind, wanting to escape the unending mindless men who sought her out. She longed for a peaceful existence and had found it here on the island. Now and then people would show up, but she hid so no one would see her. When Tory approached her asking for help, she had been alone for so long, she agreed to do as he asked. 
“Why are they not affected?” I wondered out loud, glad for the fact.
“We are not men but Sidhe.” Liam explained, amused at my possessiveness. Aidan was clearly not amused.
“Still, she is a beautiful woman.” Liam smiled at Rina. What the hell, I thought. 
“Yes, she is stunning.” Aidan agreed. Were both of them serious? Rina seemed pleased with their compliments. I did not know which man to smack first. 
Aidan, unable to hold off, laughed first, making him the first to receive a blow. Liam’s only reprieve was he was further away. I could see he too was making fun of my reaction. Rina decided she had enough. Their being unaffected by her, their joking, was too much for her. She rose, miffed, walking out of the house back to the garden. 
I followed her out, wanting her to know both men were only teasing. My eyes landed on the fountain, giving me a perfect opening to start our conversation. I would work up to telling her their teasing did not mean they had any interest in her. She needed to know they were off limits.
“How can we free the ladies?” I pointed to the fountain.
“The spell was cast using water as its base. I don’t know if you can command it.” She let me know. I knew one person who could help. 
“Liam, get your sorry butt out here!” I yelled, causing Rina to try to get away. I grabbed her hand, keeping her beside me. She would have to deal with the fact her charms were not working on him. 
Liam appeared at the door. He came towards us slowly, stopping a few feet from us. 
“You called.” He said, looking at me and ignoring Rina who was trying to free her wrist from my hold.
I explained to him the story of the mermaids and that I needed his water element to help free them. He stared at the statue for a moment before looking at me as if I had lost my sanity. By this time, Aidan, Elron and Tory had stepped outside standing by the door. 
“Listen, I’m not crazy.” I stared Liam down. “The mermaids have been frozen there in statue form. Will you help me or not?” 
He looked at Rina, waiting for her to explain my statement. She shrugged her shoulders at him. 
“Sure, what do you need me to do?” He gave up trying to understand.
I had no idea. Rina said it was a water element spell that transformed them to statues. I hoped Liam would know what to do. I saw from Rina’s expression she would not be helpful either. I let go of her, focusing on the mermaids. I went to the one I touched earlier and placed my hand back on her hair. The sensation I felt before returned and traveled up my arm. Whispering voices assaulted my mind. 
“Liam come here.” I waved him closer. “Take my hand.”
He came to me, doing as I asked. The sensation grew stronger when our hands met. Liam’s other hand came out to touch the mermaid closest to him. From his reaction, I could tell he felt it too. 
“What do you think?” I whispered.
Liam did not answer me. He was concentrating, his eyes closed, making the voices in my head get louder. A distinct voice broke through, asking us to stop the water flowing in the fountain. I felt his energy flow through our link, the strength of it overpowering me. With our touching, I could see into his mind, his soul. He was unable to hide how he felt about me. I had a sudden glimpse of the battle he fought to not betray his brother. His resolve was remarkable, unbreakable. It let me know I would be fighting a losing battle. His fingers squeezed mine, bringing my awareness back to what we were doing. There would be time to discuss that later. For now, together, we focused on what we had to do. Slowly, the water in the fountain stopped. The droplets started to move backward, flowing up instead of down. As the water flowed backward, it disappeared, leaving the fountain dry. 
Liam let go of my hand, pulling me away from the mermaid. The fountain, the white marble stone, changed before my eyes. It came alive. The mermaids’ scales transformed from a gray to a deep blue, their skin tone to a pale beige. I heard sounds coming from them as they stretched their arms. The urns they held in their hands dropped, breaking on the stones around them. Their long tails flapped behind them as they came to life. The one I had touched pointed her finger up to where Asher stood. I saw his boot take on a black hue; his legs turn brown as his pants colored in. As colors traveled up his body to fill in the rest of him, he started moving, a deep groan escaping from him. The bow and arrow in his hands dropped at my feet. Liam managed to catch him as he fell over, crashing down into the fountain.
Chapter 34 - Alexa

We all stood around, completely at a loss to understand the appearance of Asher in front of us. Liam dropped to his knees next to his father, cradling Asher’s head in his lap. Aidan ran to our side the moment the mermaids came to life. He was down on one knee next to Liam, staring at his father. My mouth hanging open, I could only stare. 
“Thank-you.” I heard one of the mermaids say. Shock overtook me as I saw her standing next to me on two legs.
“You have legs?” I stammered.
“Lovely things aren’t they?” She rubbed her hands on them, smiling at me. “My sisters and I will now return to our world.”
“Wait.” I had questions for them. “You have to tell us how you ended up frozen here and what happened to Asher.” Aidan stood up, stopping them before they left.
“Please explain before you go.” He implored them.
The mermaid Mabel smiled at Aidan. I bristled as I saw him smile back at her. Her long flowing hair was the only thing covering her. She had no clothes on. Aidan came closer to her, taking her hand in his. Her eyes lit at his touch. He led her to a bench, where they sat down together. Her hand still in his, I was struck by how I suddenly did not want them to be touching. The feeling had me walking up to them, interrupting their gazing at each other. Aidan seemed to snap out of it, looking at me with a grin on his face. I was too incensed that her hand was in his to find anything to grin about. The feeling took me by surprise. Not understanding why I was feeling put out made me want to scream. I fought to get a handle on my emotions. Aidan’s growing smile did little to help. I knew he could hear everything going on in my mind. It annoyed me I could not hide anything from him. Nothing would have made me happier at that moment than to drive that egocentric smile off his face. Instead, I addressed Mabel, wanting to know what her story was.
“Mabel, that’s your name right? Please tell us what happened.” My words tore her eyes from Aidan.
“Yes, I will tell my story. Then we will have to leave. We long for the waters of our home.”  
A long time ago, almost six hundred years, Mabel and her sisters would come to play in the waters of the lake around the estate. There, they had a chance meeting with Asher. They did not know he was a king until later. He was kind to them and they shared stories of their different lands. They were curious about each other. One day, the sisters had come up on shore where they found the king looking sad. He explained to them that his kingdom was under a threat from an outside force, that someone close to them had given their secrets away. His queen did not believe him. There was a strong sense of danger for his people. While they were talking with the king, a man came upon them. This man made the king angry. Asher wanted to know what the other man was doing there, how he had found him. The stranger told the king he would not interfere with his plans. This only made the king angrier. The mermaids were scared, telling the king they would have to leave him. The stranger told the king if he could not accept the plan, he would have a king who would. The sisters tried to escape back to the lake, to run back to the safety of the water. They never made it. The stranger held them in place. He used the lake water to bind them to the fountain. 
“Your father can explain more. He knows more of what happened.” In the distance, her sisters were beckoning her from where they stood by the shore. Mabel waved good-bye to us, walked to her sisters and together they dove into the lake. Their legs transformed into tails as they faded from view below the water.
“Aidan, how could your father be here for that long? Who was it I met?” 
“I don’t know.” He answered me, walking back to where his father lay. Asher moaned, his eyes briefly opening before he lost consciousness again. 
“We have to get him inside. Liam help me move him.” Aidan took command. He took Asher’s legs while Liam grabbed his father under the arms. Together they carried him inside the house. The room had transformed into a living room again. They placed Asher on one of the red sofas, where Liam placed a pillow under Asher’s head. We stood looking down at him, all wondering what it meant. I saw Rina walk up next to Liam. Her hand rose to touch his shoulder. Before she made contact, I called out to him.
“Liam, I need your help with something outside.” I turned, walking out of the house before he could reply. 
Outside I paced, waiting for him to join me. After a few moments, he materialized at the doorway. I could see he knew what I wanted to discuss from his expression. Taking the steps down to join me slowly, he kept a distance between us, not allowing me the chance to touch him. Standing with his legs apart, his hands clasped behind his back, he waited for me to speak. Now I had him there, I did not know where to start. I took a step towards him, but he held up his hand for me to stop.
“Alexa, there is nothing more to say. Whatever you glimpsed while we were linked means nothing. You already feel closer to Aidan, don’t deny it. I just witnessed your reaction to him.” Liam spoke softly.
“That does not mean I don’t want to be with you.” I insisted. 
“Let me explain to you how the bond works. I have been through this. You will wake up one day; you will look at Aidan and realize he is everything to you. You will wonder how you could have ever thought otherwise. You and I, we are nothing, Alexa. Whatever we could have would only hurt all of us. Aidan most of all. I will not put my brother through that. He already loves you more than life.” Liam turned away from me, taking a step towards the door.
“How can you know this? How can he love me already? He doesn’t even know me. I have a choice.” I ran to block him. Angry he would give up that easily, I stood in front of him, my hands on his arms. Liam shook his head grimly.
“No you don’t, Alexa.” He pulled away from me, going back inside.
I stood stunned at his pronouncement. He was wrong. I did have a choice. Why could they not see that? I realized Liam had said he had been bonded himself. Who was the woman? Where was she? Jealousy at someone making him feel these strong emotions made me seethe. Why could we not try? 
“Alexa, we need to discuss something. Please join us.” Aidan broke into my thoughts. How long had he been standing there? How much had he seen? He did not wait for me to acknowledge him. He turned around, disappearing from view. Tears sprang to my eyes. For some reason, he had let me glimpse his hurt and betrayal. I closed my eyes, knowing I needed to find a way to block him. There was nothing I could do about the way I felt. I refused to believe I had no choice in the matter. Taking a deep breath, I exhaled slowly. Ready, I entered the house, finding everyone still in the living room. My eyes went directly to Liam who stood next to Rina, her hand resting on his bicep. She smiled knowingly at me.
No one uttered a word when I appeared. They were waiting for Aidan to speak. Aidan was turned away from me, looking out the window. From his slouched shoulders, I knew I had hurt him deeply. Was he really already in love with me? How could that be? It was too soon. He did not know the real me. It must be the bond. It could not be real. Whatever he was feeling was only because of the bond. I looked around at everyone to see they were carefully avoiding eye contact with me. 
“Has anyone been able to reach Eliana or Bet?” I asked the silence that filled the room. 
“Bet is on her way.” Elron answered, looking towards Aidan. “I was able to reach her this morning. With all this, I haven’t had the chance to tell you.”
“Mother is still unreachable.” Aidan added, without turning around. “I wonder how she will feel about us finding father.”
“Maybe we shouldn’t tell her. At least not yet.” Liam added.
“I agree with Liam.” Rina added. “We don’t know who is involved in this.” Liam appeared pleased at her agreeing with him. Rina still had her hand on Liam’s arm. Her interest in him was obvious. How could he let her touch him? Aidan flinched visibly at my thoughts. His body stiffened, before turning to face me. With his jaw clenched, I saw him struggle to control his anger.
I stepped away from everyone, an uneasy feeling growing in me. Pushing aside Aidan’s reaction, I needed to process things, there was something bothering me, but I could not put my finger on it. Walking away from them, I made my way to the far corner of the room, near the fireplace and sat down on a big chair. I cleared my mind, breathing deeply, letting go of my thoughts. A faint nudging in my mind made me start. Aidan came away from the window to face me. He showed no sign of his inner turmoil as he must have recognized the signs of someone trying to contact me. Should I open up to it? I slowly opened up the path where the nudge had come from, ready to close it again if I felt any threat. The presence of someone was there. A little more and I heard a faint voice. As I relaxed into it, the voice grew stronger. Was that my mom?
“Alexa, yes, it’s Mom, listen to me. Stay where you are. We are coming to join you. Tell Aidan, his mother is safe, but can’t communicate right now. Tell him to stop trying to reach her. It’s dangerous.”
In my mind I told her we would stay, that I would tell Aidan. She closed her link to me, fading from my mind. I knew now what was bothering me. If Aidan had been replaced by someone else, I was sure I would have felt it. This bond, whether I liked it or not, tied us together. I was sure Eliana knew whoever was acting as Asher for so long was not her husband. Why would she not tell anyone? Was she involved in Asher’s removal? I needed to communicate with Aidan, but he was blocking me. I would have to speak to him in front of everyone.
“Aidan, my mom is coming to join us here. She said not to try to contact your mother, that it would be dangerous.” I spoke to his back.
He made no reply, but I saw his head nod slightly. I needed him to say something, anything. Even anger would be welcome. He did have a right to be furious with me after all. Whatever I was going to say next was interrupted by motion from the doorway.
From the door, Bet burst into the room, out of breath. Her attention was drawn to the figure on the couch where everyone was still standing.
“Dad. How?” She said in astonishment. “How did he get here? I just left him.” She asked to no one in particular.
“Did you tell him where you were going?” Elron advanced on her. “Could you have been followed?”
“No and no. Now someone tell me what is going on.” She answered back.
Aidan filled her in, giving her an abbreviated version. She was at a loss for words; the sight of her father lying unconscious on the couch was unbelievable to her. Sitting on the corner of the couch next to her father, she could not stop staring at him. Aidan joined Bet, standing next to where she sat.
“I don’t understand this. How is this possible?” Bet finally spoke, looking up at Aidan.
“We have no answers, Bet. However this happened, mother might know. Did you see her?” Liam answered her.
“No, when I got back only father, or whoever that was, was there.” Bet rose, stood in front of Aidan, questions in her eyes. Aidan’s thoughts were a mess, he too had many questions. 
I had risen from my place on the chair by the fireplace when Bet had arrived. Standing near them, listening silently to the conversation going on around me, my thoughts were still on all the delays we had encountered. From the attempts to invade my dreams, the sudden attack on the Cape, our escape from Scotland to finding Asher here in Italy, our attempts to find the crystal were being thwarted. I did not believe it was a coincidence. My hope was once my mother arrived we would have some answers. Suspicion ran through me at Eliana’s actions up till now. Where was she? And what was she up to? 
Bet was explaining how she had arrived to find her father at the estate in their in-between place. He had seemed like his usual self. When she had asked if he had seen Eliana, he could not tell her where she was. Their mother had not been to the house since the fake Asher had arrived. No one else was there either. She spent some time with him catching up, but did not discuss where we were. She now found it strange that he had not inquired about Aidan and Liam. When she told him she had to leave to come back to us, he let her go without any questions.
Asher was still unconscious on the couch, his breathing steady and even. Bet returned to his side. His unresponsiveness was baffling. Why was he not waking up? Aidan was thinking the same thing, his eyes found mine, then quickly looked away. He had opened up some, so that I could hear some of what he was thinking. 
“We should move him somewhere more comfortable.” I said, looking away from Aidan’s stiff posture, towards Asher.
“Elron, help me. We’ll put him in one of the bedrooms upstairs.” Liam approached his father. Bet stood up to give them room as Elron and Liam each took position to lift Asher. Once they had him, they proceeded to the stairs, with Bet following after them. Tory and Rina remained with us, each sitting quietly on separate chairs. Rina’s gaze was on the stairs where Liam had disappeared from view. There was a pained look on her face. She wanted to follow him, but was afraid she would be rebuffed. She stood suddenly, hastily making her way outside, away from the house. 
“Let her be.” Aidan spoke to me. “This is not your concern.”
Her wanting Liam was my concern. How could I get Aidan to understand that? Liam was also hurting. He could easily be swayed away from me. That was what I was worried about. Rina was interested in Liam. Would he get involved with her just to keep me away? I shuddered at the thought. Aidan’s sigh made me realize he was hearing my thoughts again.
“What are we going to do?” I asked him, trying to do as he said. I should leave it alone for now. 
“We wait.” He told me. “Your mother may have answers. In the meantime, we continue your training and look after my father. Hopefully, he will wake up and tell us more. We also need to check out the library for any information in our records.”
Elron had walked back into the room as Aidan was speaking. A grin broke out on his face at Aidan’s words. 
“I’ll look forward to getting back at you for the last time.” He teased me.
“Did she kick your butt?” Tory laughed.
“Are you still here? Isn’t it time you went back home.” Elron stepped towards his brother. Tory leapt behind his chair using it for protection.
“I want to stay. I can help.” He looked at me, his eyes pleading.
The two of them looked at me, each with their own agenda. Tory was young, but he was a Sidhe. Maybe he could be useful. Aidan was being no help in deciding between the brothers. I did not have the heart to turn Tory away.
“He can stay. We’ll find something for him to do.” I made the decision.
Elron rolled his eyes, grimacing as Tory laughed. He exited the room before his brother could throttle him. For now we had to stick together. All we had to do was wait for my mother. I hoped she would get there soon. We had a destination to get to. The Kaemorra was out there waiting for me. Using Elron’s arrival as an excuse, I took the chance to seek out Rina. We had some things to discuss.

Chapter 35 - Aidan

Aidan let Alexa leave. There was nothing he could do to stop her. She would have to learn on her own. As it was, he needed to discuss his thoughts with Elron anyway. There was a lot going on they needed to understand. The now altered timeline of events was adding to the ever-growing problems they were facing. The recent incidents had him questioning his mother’s motives all over again. What they knew was of no use any longer. 
“Elron, this goes back hundreds of years. We may have to rethink what we know and what to do going forward.” Aidan addressed his friend.
“We have to start at the beginning.” Elron agreed.
“Yes, we have to find answers. The library should have the full prophecy, as well as any records on Meredith. We also have to fit my father’s disappearance, as well as everything that has happened since, into our thinking.” Aidan moved to the couch. 
Elron joined him, sitting back against the pillow. Elsam had started them down this road a thousand years before. Since then Meredith had placed a spell on their Kaemorra. The prophecy spoke of her ancestor and a royal setting things right. How did the replacement of my father factor into this? Aidan wondered. 
“We know Elsam started this and Meredith somehow intervened. My father’s situation, the attack on Alexa when she was young, her growing powers, our bond and my mother’s vague answers, not to mention all the other things that have come at us, they are all factors we need to piece together.” Aidan outlined the situation for Elron.
“There’s only one way to go about this, Aidan. Start at the beginning and work forward. We will fit it together. Problem is, do we have enough time? What else will we be sidelined by?” Elron voiced Aidan’s concern.
Alexa’s birthday was still more than a month away. They had to train her, have her focused on the Kaemorra. She was being distracted by Liam. Somehow, Aidan had to push her to focus on the task at hand. His feelings must be pushed aside for now. There was too much that needed to be done. He had promised her time, but it was increasingly frustrating she still fought their tie. He would have to speak to Liam again. Aidan knew Liam was not encouraging her, but something had to be done. 
Time was short for finding answers. His father needed to be well enough to tell them why he was standing as a fountain ornament for centuries. Their traitor must be revealed, his mother’s motives unearthed and understanding of who Meredith really was must be found. It was a miracle his head was not throbbing. 
“One thing at a time, Aidan. The pieces will fit as we go.” Elron told him.
“Our first stop should be the library. Bet can take care of our father, while the rest of us search.” Aidan rose to make his way to the library.
“What do we do about that nitwit I call a brother? He can’t stay here indefinitely.” Elron stood up as well.
“Let him stay a while longer. Alexa has a fondness for him. He’ll stay close to her at any rate, which should keep him out of your hair.” Aidan laughed at Elron’s expression of annoyance.
“He will be in trouble before you know it, Aidan. He has a propensity for it. You don’t know him like I do. More than once I have had to rescue him from some harebrained scheme he got himself involved in.” His friend warned him.
Aidan smirked at him, not letting him know he was concerned as well. He left Elron frowning, making his way to the door. Stopping to glance outside, he saw Alexa with Rina. They looked to be in a serious discussion, so he let her be. 
He was still feeling the sting from her discussion with Liam. Why was she fighting what was between them? He was trying his best to be patient with her, but he was losing the battle. His instincts were telling him to take what was his. Distance was what he needed from her. 
As much as he wanted to be by her side, he had things to do. Things that would decide their actions. Information was needed in order to come up with a plan. They had to figure things out and quickly.
“I’ll meet you in the library, Elron. See to Bet before you join me. She has some apologizing to do and she can’t wait to start.” Aidan let Elron know, seeing his friend take off, climbing the steps two at a time.



Chapter 36 - Alexa

Two weeks went by with no word from my mother. My worry over her absence grew as time dragged on. She should have arrived by now. What could be keeping her? While we waited, we continued with my training. I was able to beat Elron half the time in hand-to-hand combat. He had also started showing me how to use my sword. I found that easier. The sword had become a part of me. In my hand, it read Elron’s moves, anticipated his next attack and easily blocked his swings. With Aidan and Liam, my control over my use of the elements was getting impressive. Although I could use air and water to protect myself, it was fire that was the most responsive to me. Aidan was sure it had to do with the electric force that ran through me. That was the most dangerous. Only the week before, poor Liam was shot across the room by a pulse that escaped me when he tried to sneak up on me. Coming at me from behind, he had wrapped his arm across my throat. My instincts took over and before I knew it, I sent out a current that repelled him. He was thrown a great distance, landing dangerously on his head. Luckily he was not hurt, only his ego seemed to be affected. 
Asher remained in his suspended state. We were worried that the lack of nourishment would cause him to deteriorate, but he continued to remain the same. Bet spent most of her time with him. The worry was wearing her down. She lost weight, making Elron concerned for her health. She needed food and rest for the baby’s sake. Only Tory was able to lighten her mood. I was glad I had decided to let him stay. His easy manner was a blessing to our frazzled nerves. Although Elron and Bet had made up, the tension between them was still present. On top of all that, I did not know how to feel about what was going on between Liam and Rina. She was spending a lot of time with him. They walked the grounds, arm in arm, with their heads together, laughing freely. I was surprised to find the pangs of jealousy that consumed me in the beginning were slowly fading. Not sure why, I attributed it to the fact I had not seen them any more intimate than that. 
Aidan was taking the brunt of my volatile emotions. Any little thing could set me off. We had had our first fight the night before. I knew it was my fault; his efforts to get me to relax had been met by one of my tantrums. I was losing control of my emotions more lately. His suggestion that a hot bath would help me relax had me blowing up at him. I was overwhelmed with the pressure to do better, to do more, while trying to ignore how he was keeping himself away. Since we freed the mermaids, Aidan had been avoiding me. I knew it was because of my conversation with his brother. I was trying to find him to make things right. Instead, I found myself in the wrong place listening in on a private conversation. Any move I made would let them know I was there. From the way things were going I decided not to announce my presence. 
“Liam, talk to me.” Rina was imploring Liam. Liam sat on one of the benches in the garden, his back to her, his shoulders slumped. Her hand touched him and I saw him shudder. 
“I don’t know what to say, Rina.” He whispered to her. “You knew what I felt.”
“I know there is hope, Liam.” She ran her hand up and down his arm. I cringed inside at the touch.
“Hope.” Liam laughed. ”Why would you wait?”
Rina sat silently, her stare looking out to the distance across the lake. Her hand moved to take Liam’s in hers. She looked down at their linked hands, raising them she held them on top of her heart. 
“Liam. Look at me.” I could see her eyes tear up as he refused to turn her way. She stood and walked around the bench, coming to kneel in front of him. Taking his face in her hands, she moved it so he could look at her. She studied him, looking in his eyes; she leaned in and placed a gentle kiss on his lips.
“Don’t.” He pulled away from her. “I don’t want to hurt you.”
“The choice is mine, Liam.” She told him softly, placing her hands on his chest. She looked at him, waiting for him to say something, anything. 
“Why?” He asked, tormented by whatever he was feeling.
“For the first time, I feel something when I’m with you.” She finally acknowledged, to herself as well as him. “Don’t make me go.” 
I willed him to tell her to go. Not waiting for an answer, Rina reached and pulled his head down to hers, her lips finding his again. She explored his mouth, then kissed along his jawline, pulling him into her arms.
“I can make you forget. The bond can be broken if the other person has passed. Let me in, Liam.” Rina begged him.
Pulling away from her, his face unreadable, he studied her. She smiled at him, her eyes bright with unshed tears. I wanted to cry out for him, but something held me back. He had discussed his bond with her, something he had never shared with me. I watched in anguish as he gently cupped her chin and pulled her towards him. His lips brushed lightly against hers. Tears streamed down my face. I watched as Liam lifted Rina into his arms, his lips never leaving hers. He carried her towards the house, never realizing how my shattered heart lay at his feet as he walked by the spot I was hidden. 
I crumpled down to the ground, letting the tears fall. How long I stayed there I could not say. I wiped the remnants of the tears away, and stood up. The hurt I was feeling was dimmed by a new sensation. I tried to make sense of what I was experiencing. Unable to identify it, I shook it off. Leaving my hiding place, I returned to looking for Aidan. I still had some apologizing to do. I let my power out, feeling where he might be. His energy pulsed within me. I made my way down to the beach where I could sense him. Standing on the shore, he was looking out across the lake. With his back to me, his face hidden, I was shocked to feel the coldness wrapped around him.
“Aidan.” I called out to him, stopping a few feet away.
“Alexa.” His hollow voice answered me.
“Is there something wrong?” I asked, fearful of the response.
“Wrong. What could be wrong?” He turned to face me. I took a step back at the anger I saw in his eyes.
“I came to apologize.” I managed to get out.
“For what?” He growled. “For which time?”
Not knowing what to say, I remained silent. He advanced on me, each step making me jump. When he was in front of me, facing me, he grabbed my arms and yanked me up against him. His lips crushed mine, his tongue forcing itself into my mouth. I struggled to get away from him. His response was to grab my hair and hold my head in place. His other arm, wrapped around my waist, holding me firmly pressed against his body. As his tongue battled mine, I felt myself relax. I gave in to the emotions he was forcing from me. My arms came up and wrapped themselves around his neck. My body pressed up against his. His response to my surrender was instantaneous. He brusquely shoved me away, turning away from me and running a hand through his hair. I heard his raspy breathing, saw how he fought for control.
I fought my own battle to regain my senses. Fear held me immobile. I waited for him to say something. Finally he faced me, unreadable and cold.
“You should go. Leave now.” His voice held no emotion. I stood where I was, could not move if my life depended on it.
“Alexa, from now on, we will only see each other for training. It is best you and I have no contact for a while.” He added.
“Why?” Was the only thing I could think of saying. This forced a sharp laugh out of him.
“You really have no sense of self-preservation. For once do as I say. I cannot be around you. You just saw my reaction to your crying over my brother. I need you to keep your distance.” He gave me no chance to respond. He was gone and out of sight before I could say a word.

Chapter 37 - Aidan

He could still hear, feel her pitiful crying over his brother. Each tear that fell from her eyes was another stab at his heart. It had become increasingly harder to be around her, to watch her eyes follow Liam when she thought no one was looking. He did not need to see. Her every thought tore through him. It was impossible for her to hide what was inside her. She was unable to shield herself. 
Aidan had never let his anger control him. For the first time in his long life, he could have easily lost himself to the uncontrollable rage still burning in him. He needed to be alone, to get some semblance of control. When he left her, he had no idea where he was going. Getting away from her, from his anguish was the only thing that drove him.
He left the estate, climbing higher and higher on the mountain slope, until he reached the top. Finally, he allowed himself to rage, letting out his frustration in a loud roar. He fell to his knees, yelling at the top of his lungs. Closing his eyes, he raised his head towards the sky. He took deep breaths, trying to burn her out of his memory. It did little use. She was a part of him. 
A cold numbness was replacing the ache in his heart. He allowed it to surround him, taking refuge behind its walls. Opening his eyes, he took a last deep breath, exhaling as he stood. On his feet, Aidan stared out to the opposite shore. He felt nothing. Ice surrounded his heart. It was better that way.
Knowing what he had to do, Aidan sat on the rocks near the edge of the mountain top. He would stay away from Alexa. In the end, they could not be together anyway. If the prophecy were true, they would be separated. It was better to cut her out of his life now. He would help train her because they needed her. There would be no other contact between them. At this distance, he could hardly feel her. That was what he needed. Distance. 

Chapter 38 - Alexa

I woke the next morning to a sky covered with dark clouds, promising rain for the day. The memories from the day before returned to me. I had lost Liam and angered Aidan. All in all, a very productive day, I let out a sorrowful laugh. I had no clue how to right things. Was it even worth it? I sat up, dragging my hands through my hair to get it out of my face. I dressed quickly, leaving my room in search of coffee. The house was quiet. I was the only one awake. Glancing in Asher’s room, I saw Bet sleeping on a chair by his bedside. I closed the door quietly not wanting to wake her. Making my way downstairs, the room was in its early morning breakfast setting, I poured a cup of coffee and took it outside.
An early morning fog covered the lake, the temperature hovered around seventy degrees Fahrenheit. The sun, hidden behind dark clouds, did little to brighten the day. I sat on my usual bench facing the now empty fountain. Sipping my coffee, I sat wondering why Asher had not woken up yet. We had freed him from the fountain, but he still seemed frozen. I had tried to sense if any spell was holding him, if I could somehow set him free. Whatever it was, it was beyond my abilities. 
A shuffle of feet drew my eyes to the door as Rina appeared. Smiling, she came to join me with her own cup of coffee in her hands. I sensed her happiness as she sat down beside me. It did nothing to brighten my day.
“Good morning.” She said, her face lighting up with her smile.
“Yup, good morning.” I answered her. “Is Liam up?”
Rina blushed, her eyes looking down at her cup. I had no idea why I asked about him. I really did not want to know.
“You would think with my experience I wouldn’t be so easily flustered.” She fiddled with her robe’s tie. “But this is the first time I’ve ever experienced real intimacy.”
“I’m happy for you, Rina. And for Liam. You both deserve to be happy.” I tried to be magnanimous. 
“Yes, well, I can’t let him go. He’s stuck with me.” She let me know.
“I’m sure he is ecstatic about that.” I said in what I hoped was not a sarcastic tone.
Rina frowned at my statement. She was about to respond to me when we heard a noise from the doorway.
“What are you two talking about?” Liam’s voice broke into our conversation. He looked boyish, relaxed and grinning. I looked away from his happiness before he could see how it affected me. 
He looked so much better than he had the last two weeks. His easy smile was back, the pained look gone from his face. I had not realized how all this must have been weighing on him. Thinking these thoughts, Aidan’s face flitted through my mind. Remembering how he had reacted to my feelings about his brother, I pushed thoughts of him away. 
“Only about how wonderful you are.” Rina answered Liam, looking at me for a reaction. 
“Is Aidan still sleeping?” Liam asked me.
“I have no idea.” I lowered my head so he could not see how his words made me cringe. As if knowing we had asked about him, Aidan appeared. He nodded at us, walking silently to sit on the fountain’s ledge with his own cup. Liam could tell there was something amiss, but was stopped from speaking by what was taking place at the fountain. As soon as Aidan’s hands touched the stone next to where he sat, the fountain emitted a sound, almost like someone sighing. We all looked at the fountain, wondering what it was. Aidan stood up at the sound. He slowly let his hand come down to touch the ledge again. Another sigh escaped the fountain. 
Since releasing the mermaids and his father, we had not gone near the fountain again. We had seen no need. I wondered if there was something else, something that was keeping Asher linked to it. With Aidan’s hand still touching the stone, I let a little of my power out, trying to see if I sensed anything. There was something, it moved like a shadow within the stone that made up the fountain. I felt no malice in it, only a wish to escape its confines. 
Aidan took his hand away and the sensation died down. It was somehow tied to him. As he touched the fountain again, I went and placed my hand next to his, touching the hard cold stone. Aidan moved his hand away, making sure we did not touch. Ignoring his movement, I concentrated instead on what I was feeling from the stone. The emotions I felt coming through my hand were panicked and turbulent. My pendant gave a quiver around my neck. It was not the usual sense of danger, and I felt no heat from it. This was something else. My one hand on the fountain, my other went to touch my pendant. There was a vibration in it, sensing some sort of magic nearby. What should I do? I closed my eyes, trying to breathe deeply, and opening up to the forces around me. I listened to the sound coming from the fountain, faint words being spoken. The words were in Sidhe, I did not understand them. Aidan could. I grabbed his hand, not giving him time to draw away. His eyes narrowed at the contact. At my touch, he was able to hear the sounds, understanding what he was hearing. 
As Aidan recited the words we were hearing, the steady vibration from my pendant grew stronger. I felt a shot of current flow up my arm reaching upward to where it lay against my skin. The pendant glowed a bright blue, shooting the current back down through my hand onto the fountain ledge. The fountain gave a groan, a dark black shadow rising off of it. The dark cloud rose higher, floating over us, rising towards the house. Coming to the window of the room where Asher lay, it entered, leaving us in stunned silence. 
Liam was the first to break away, racing back into the house. We followed, running up the stairs after him. Liam crashed through the door to Asher’s room, stopping just inside the doorway. We came up short behind him staring at the bed. Bet was sitting on the bed beside her father, crying, Asher’s eyes were open, his hand lying on her head as she buried her face in his chest. He looked unsure of where he was. His children’s reaction was confusing him.
“What’s going on?” His voice was weakened by the time he had been suspended.
Aidan pushed past Liam, walked to the bedside and pulled Bet away. He took her place sitting down on the bed, his father looking around at us for an answer. By the door, Elron had appeared, having sensed Bet’s emotions. He walked to her, taking her in his arms, her tears finally stopping. 
“Father, we’ll have time to talk later. You should rest. Bet will stay with you.” Aidan looked at Bet, getting a nod from her that she would stay. Bet left Elron, coming to replace Aidan who had risen from the bed. He motioned for us to follow him out.
“Aidan, where is your mother?” Asher asked.
What to tell him. We had no idea where Eliana was. She had been silent the last couple of weeks. At my mother’s urging, we had stopped trying to reach her. In the silence, Asher was growing impatient. 
“Father, she will be here soon.” Aidan lied to put him at ease. Asher laid his head on the pillow and closed his eyes. 
We walked out of the room, closing the door behind us, leaving Bet alone with her father. Aidan’s emotions were all over the place. Anger at his mother, confusion on what was going on, relief his father had awakened were but a few of the emotions I felt in him. I stayed close to him, hoping he would take strength from me. I felt him relax, determination replacing his mixed emotions. I saw Rina was also reassuring Liam with her touch. The two of them led the way back downstairs where we could talk without Asher overhearing us.
Tired from all the spent energy at the fountain, I devoured a muffin once back in the breakfast room and picked up a second one. No one knew where to start. I felt certain Asher’s essence had been bound to the fountain. It was a miracle we were able to free it. If not for Aidan sitting there this morning, we may have overlooked the importance of it. Elron was the first to speak, asking us what happened. Aidan filled him in, explaining the events. 
“It had to be a powerful witch to do this.” Elron remarked.
“And a powerful one to free him.” Aidan said without giving me a glance.
“If you hadn’t sat there we wouldn’t have known. I think my pendant did most of the work, but I don’t know how.” I admitted, not understanding how my pendant knew what to do. 
“Where the hell is mother anyway? She has a lot to answer for.” Liam’s anger rose at his mother’s absence.
“There’s not much we can do until we hear from her or Alexa’s mother gets here. We’ll make sure he gets his strength back. Alexa needs to continue her lessons. I will be in the library. Let me know when you need me, Liam.” Aidan did not look at me as he spoke to his brother. Before I knew it he was gone from the room. Liam’s jaw was clenching from Aidan’s actions. Rina took his arm, guiding him from the room. I was left alone with Elron, who was not looking pleased with me either.
Training took up where we had left off. I was getting stronger, my powers building. Between Elron, Aidan and Liam, my days were filled with new and more difficult tasks. As soon as lessons were over, Aidan disappeared. True to his word, he made sure we were never alone together. His mental block was firmly in place. He never allowed me to feel anything from him. I worried about him. I could not help it. There was a cold icy shell covering him. Asher gained strength, able to make it downstairs where he joined in watching my progress. We had not told him anymore of what we were doing or why Eliana was absent. He seemed to be keeping his questions in check. We were waiting for him to be fully recovered before asking any questions of him. My mother still had not made it to us. My underlying worry only crept up in the moments when I was not preoccupied with rigorous demands from my trainers. It was another two weeks before my mother showed up, at which point my nineteenth birthday was days away.

Chapter 39 - Alexa

Days flew by. This particular day had been the most grueling. I was exhausted by the time I made it to bed. More mentally than physically spent, I was tired of Aidan avoiding me and Liam’s displays of affection towards Rina. I had not seen Aidan all day. Strangely, I missed his presence, but I would not admit it to anyone. I was not sure if it was me or the bond making me eager to catch a glimpse of him. Until I knew what I wanted, I had to keep my distance from him. Another performance like the last time we were alone together was not something I wanted to elicit. 
Drifting into a light sleep, I was still aware of the subtle noises the house was making. The creaks and groans were familiar. I turned on my side, gathering the pillow against my head. Sighing, I drifted deeper into sleep. A sudden, unfamiliar sound had me awake and sitting up. Listening in the sudden silence, I heard shuffling somewhere down the hall from my door. 
As quietly as I could, I stood, grabbing for my robe. Tiptoeing to the door, I turned the door knob slowly, thankful it made no noise. I peered down the hallway, keeping my head close to the door so I would not be easily seen. Hearing another creek from somewhere downstairs, I crept to the stairs and descended silently. I followed the sounds down the stairs to our living room. In the corner, by the fireplace, I saw my mother and Rider standing there. They were deep in conversation, whispering to each other. She looked away from him as I came into the room.
“We tried to be quiet.” She said in a low voice. 
Rider came to me, looked me over, and once he was satisfied by what he saw, wrapped his arms around me. I was so happy to see them after all the worry I had gone through. I hugged him back, loving how protected I felt in his arms. My mom was waiting her turn, only coming to me once my dad had relinquished me. In her arms, I realized how much I had missed her. It was over a month since she told me they were coming. Their arrival gave me comfort. There was so much I needed to talk to her about, but I could see how exhausted they both were.
“We have plenty of room for you to rest, Mom.” I told her. “We can talk in the morning.”
Her weariness was evident. Rider I could not read very well. He looked tired as well, but his emotions were guarded. I did not feel like getting into everything this late at night. I was still tired as well.
“We’ll find a spare bedroom. You’re right, we can speak in the morning.” Rider agreed. “Go back to bed. We’ll figure it out.”
Hesitating, I looked at my mother who nodded at me to go. I reluctantly left them, making my way back to my bedroom. I could hear my parents’ steps behind me, following me up to the landing. At my door, I waved to them, closing the door and crawling back into bed. Drifting back to sleep, the last thought I had was why had my parents looked so worried?
My eyes opened the next morning to a blazing sun lighting the room. Glancing at the bedside clock, I saw it was just after eleven. I had never slept in so late. I groaned, sitting up in bed. Half the day was already gone. Blowing out a breath, I stood, gathering clothes as I went into the bathroom. I was showered and dressed in under five minutes. In another two, I was entering the great room to see everyone already seated, eating.
The room had outdone itself. Where we usually had a casual setting, buffet-style, there was now a long dining table with white china plates and sterling silver utensils. The food was on warming plates in the middle of the table. I arched an eyebrow at my mother, who was seated at the head of the table facing me. 
I took the first available seat, finding I had uncomfortably placed myself between Aidan and Liam. I avoided looking at either one of them. I looked up to see my mother giving me a questioning look. We would have to discuss that later. I grumbled a good morning to everyone, but before I could reach for the tray near me to pick a muffin, the tray rose by itself, offering itself to me. Floating in front of me, waiting for me to make my choice, everyone laughed at my expression. I quickly chose what I wanted. The tray returned to where it was, lowering itself on the table. I ignored their amused looks, as different trays rose to me to pick what I wanted. None of the others were surprised at any of this; they picked their food and ate silently. Filling up my plate with eggs, bacon and pancakes, I finished my muffin and started in on the rest. 
In this quiet, Asher walked into the room. My mother gasped upon seeing him. Rider rose, putting her behind him. Asher stood frozen, not understanding their reaction. Aidan and Liam also stood up, waiting to see what Rider would do. I gripped the table as I stood, my power humming, waiting to take action.
“Mom, it’s okay. Asher is not a threat.” I tried to put them at ease. The look she gave me had me taking a step putting myself in front of Asher. Aidan and Liam beat me to it though.
“What is he doing here?” My mom shouted in the silence that descended on the room.
“Mom, it’s okay.” I repeated, trying to diffuse the situation. “Please sit down, let me explain.”
Her eyes met mine and she acquiesced, sitting down waiting for my explanation. I launched into the story of how Asher had been a statue in the fountain, the tale the mermaids told us, how he had lain unresponsive for weeks before his essence had also been freed from the fountain. Her eyes grew wider as I finished, her shock evident as she looked at Asher who still stood by the door, his children in front of him, waiting to see what my mom would do or say. 
“I knew it.” She finally said. “There was something off about the impostor, but I couldn’t see what it was.”
Asher walked around Aidan, Liam and Bet. He made his way to my mom, his expression one of relief that she understood. He placed a hand on her shoulder.
“Thalia, it’s so good to see you. You too, Rider.” He glanced at Rider before returning his gaze to my mother. “Maybe you can tell me where my wife is. Why she has been missing. I don’t feel her at all. My children are not answering any of my questions.”
Thalia sighed, a troubled look overtaking her face. Rider sat down as everyone came back to the table. With us all now sitting down, my mother looked at Rider, a silent agreement passed between them before Rider spoke.
“The last time we saw Eliana was when we were together at the safe house. After the attack on the Cape, I took Thalia there for protection. Eliana was beside herself not knowing what was going on. She had been trying to reach one of you, but was getting nowhere.”
“That’s when she must have contacted me.” Bet added.
“She left with no word on where she was going. We remained behind hoping for news on Alexa. Not long after she left, Asher, the impostor, showed up. He seemed off. He didn’t ask after Eliana. The time he spent there, he avoided us; most of his time was spent in the library. When Eliana came back, she wasn’t pleased to see him. We found that strange. Asher continued spending his time in the library. The next day he said he had been called to a meeting. When he left, Eliana told us she had a way to figure out where Myrick had his base. She left on her mission, telling us we should not contact her. She was worried any communication would alert them to her presence. We haven’t heard anything from her since.” Rider finished his story.
“She must have known Asher had been replaced. Why else would she avoid him?” I hoped that was the case.
“Whatever she is doing, you have your own path to follow.” My mother told me. “Time is running out.”
We all knew we were on a deadline, we must find the Kaemorra before Elsam got to it. My course was planned for me long before I was born. I felt the unwanted pressure. Instead of crying why me, I had to be strong for everyone. I was not sure about doing what they wanted. If I found the Kaemorra, and returned it to its resting place, Aidan would return with his people. From what he had told me, his being joined with me could kill him. Liam had assured me we would find a way around that. I was not so sure. Aidan must have sensed my feelings because he shifted in his seat, glanced at me briefly, before subtly shaking his head. 
“Alexa is almost ready, but we can’t rush her. Her birthday is in two days. We can do nothing until then.” Aidan said instead.
“Mom, we need a plan. So far things have been thrown at us and we have been reacting. I think it’s time we took matters into our own hands. You must have an idea of what we are facing.” I added, wanting some guidance from her.
In two days, I would come into my full powers. How much stronger I would get, I did not know. In any case, we needed to get to the Kaemorra as soon as possible. I wanted this to be over. 
“I need to think on things. You can’t go rushing off, Alexa.” My mother stood, her attention going to Asher. “Let’s talk, old friend. Rider, come join us.” She nodded to the rest of us, leaving the room with Asher and Rider at her side.
I looked at my friends around the table. Liam caught my eye, his head subtly motioning he wanted to speak to me privately. Getting up from the table, Aidan rose with me. His eyes narrowed at seeing me walk towards Liam. He motioned to Aidan he needed him as well. At the table, Elron and Bet were talking in whispers to each other. From her facial expressions, she was agitated, probably from her mother’s absence. Tory was playing with his food, his elbow on the table holding his head, lost in his own thoughts. Liam patted Rina’s hand, as he too pushed away from the table and stood. Leaving her side, he walked to the door, his hand waving at us to follow. We made our way to the garden, where so much had already taken us by surprise, and I waited for what Liam wanted to say. 
He sat on the ledge of the fountain, reminding me of awakening Asher from his sleep. I sat facing him on a bench, saw Aidan come to sit on the fountain ledge beside Liam. I had no choice but to look at both of them. There were so many similarities, as well as differences between them. Aside from their differing coloring and build, their personalities were also opposite. Aidan was serious, dependable, while Liam was impulsive and fun loving. Still, you could not miss they were brothers. They both held themselves the same way. It was like looking at a mirror reflection.
“I have been thinking. Maybe we don’t need to return the crystal, maybe there’s another way to repair the rift between our worlds.” Liam stunned me with his words. I thought we had no choice but to return it to its place. 
“Liam, I know you are worried about Rina.” Aidan interrupted him. He did not voice any concern over me.
“Yes, there is that.” Liam acknowledged. “But, I have been studying the whole prophecy and I think you need to read it carefully. I won’t say more than that for now. I want to know after you read it if you see what I see. Alexa, you need to read it, not take what others are telling you it says.”
He was right. I had been told what I was supposed to do and had accepted it. Maybe I did have to read it before making any decisions. Liam, having spoken his mind, stood and looked down at me sitting on the bench. Aidan stiffened where he sat. Whatever Liam was going to say was left unsaid. Instead he looked at Aidan, speaking to him instead.
“Don’t be quick to go along with everyone else’s plans. Make your own way.” 
He was right. We had accepted what we had been told without question. Liam made valid points; I needed to know everything before I made any decisions. If I was to do this, I had to do it on my terms. Rina came out to stand by Liam. She made me realize her position as well. 
Looking at Aidan, who had stood up, I knew I had to try to save him. Somehow, I would find a way. For him, and for Liam and Rina. How could I not have realized they were in the same position as us? Rina was not a Sidhe either. If she somehow linked with Liam, they would both be at risk. Were they already linked? A pang hit me at the thought. Could I really have lost him completely? 
“Not to worry, Alexa. One way or the other you will be rid of me.” Aidan whispered as he walked by me. I was left speechless, watching him stroll down to the beach. Liam, having heard, shook his head, saddened to see him go. 
“Alexa, please come with me to the library. Rina, if you could please give us a few minutes. I’ll see you in a bit.” Liam kissed her hand, walking back into the house.
“Be careful, Alexa.” Rina said to me as I followed Liam. I bristled at her tone, but chose to ignore her.
Inside the house, Liam took the stairs, going up one level. We entered a door I was sure I had not been through before. The room was stacked with books, bookcases from floor to ceiling crammed and overflowing. In front of me, within the round, ten-foot ceilinged room, two tables sat in the center. More books were strewn about, covering almost every inch of the table. We walked down three stairs into the main level and approached one of the tables. How would we find what we needed to see in this mess? Liam said he was reading it. Had he left it on the table? I picked up one book, reading the leather bound cover. I showed it to Liam, who shook his head that it was not the one. Placing it back on the table, I scanned the shelves, frustrated.
“Alexa, before I leave you to read the prophecy, we need to settle things.” Liam’s words stopped my search.
“What things would that be? The way you have been fawning over Rina? Your pretense is obvious, Liam. Stop trying to push me away. I don’t believe she really is what you want.” I walked up to him, angry at his bringing this up. He pulled away when I went to touch him. 
“I have tried to be gentle with you. I see that you need it spelled out for you. Rina is a woman, you are a little girl. There is no comparison. I will always pick her.” His words were like knives in my heart.
“I don’t believe you!” I screamed in anguish. I rushed to him, grabbing him, pulling his lips to mine. I kissed him, feeling no response as he held himself rigid in my grasp. I slowly pulled my lips from his, staring within his eyes for any indication he was lying. What I saw had me backing away. 
“This is all for your brother. You don’t mean it.” I whispered, not wanting to believe what he was saying.
“I love my brother, Alexa, but if I loved you, nothing would stand in my way of having you. I do not love you. There was a flirtation between us. You mistook it for something more. Do not embarrass yourself over it.” His words left me dumbstruck. Was that all it was to him? I was speechless. My vision blurred behind unshed tears. I held myself rigid, refusing to let him see how his words wounded me. It could not be true. Why was he lying? His eyes held mine while I tried to see some subterfuge. The coldness I met made me realize he was being truthful. Whatever I thought he felt for me, I was wrong. 
“Don’t worry, Liam. I won’t be bothering you anymore. Go to Rina.” I felt my heart break in two. Whatever I thought we had, was an illusion. 
“This is the book you need to read.” He chose a book from the table, placing it in front of me. Without a backward glance, he left me alone, broken.

Chapter 40 - Liam

Liam made it down the stairs, into the main hall before he let himself show any emotion. He continued outside, walking to the shore, all the while taking calming breaths along the way. His hands clenched and unclenched, his jaw hurting from the pressure of holding in the emotions that were clawing at him. It was the only way. He had no choice. His heart was aching from the hurtful words he had inflicted on her. He knew he had torn Alexa apart with his deception. 
It had been Rina’s idea to pretend they had started an affair. She thought if Alexa saw him move on with someone else, it would make it easier for her to turn to Aidan. Even with all the subterfuge on their parts, Alexa had still kept hoping he would come to her. He had thought seeing them together day after day, acting out their charade would be the final straw. Maybe they were not convincing enough.
Liam was aware of Aidan’s control snapping. He knew he was keeping himself away from Alexa. His pain was eating away at Liam. That is why Liam had decided to be brutal to her. His own pain was immaterial to what Aidan was going through. Telling her he had never held any real feelings for her had been a lie. He would go to her and beg her forgiveness, if not for his brother.
He paced in front of the water, getting his equilibrium back. The hurt he had seen in her eyes had almost stopped him. He almost gave in, admitting it was all a lie. When he had felt her lips on his, he had wanted nothing more than to gather her in his arms, hold her forever. What good would that have done? She belonged to his brother. Nothing could change that fact. Stopping, he took a breath in, clearing the image of her from his mind. It was done. There was nothing stopping her from going to Aidan anymore.
“How did it go?” Rina’s voice came from behind him.
“It went as we expected. I think it’s finished now.” Liam answered her. 
He turned to face her. Surprised by what he saw in her expression, he took her hand in his. Rina had admitted to him that she had hoped pretending with her would have brought them closer. Liam was still struggling with his feelings for Alexa. He was not ready to offer Rina anything.
“Don’t worry about me. I’m a big girl, Liam.” Rina joked to cover her own pain.
“Give me time. I may take you up on it, Rina.” Liam smiled at her. She was a very beautiful woman. Rina laughed softly in response.

Chapter 41 - Alexa

The sounds of his footsteps as he left me were silenced once he closed the door. With each step he took, I listened as another piece of my heart broke. I picked up the book he had shown me, my tears blurring the writing in it. Sitting down on the nearest chair, I wiped the tears from my eyes. Sniffling, clearing my throat, I pushed away the hurt. He was not worth it. I felt like an idiot for thinking he thought of me as more than a distraction. I should have listened to my mother. There was no room for emotions to cloud the results we needed. I had to close my heart and focus on what needed to be done.
The book in my hand was heavy. On the front cover, the red leather had two As with a dove above them. In the dove’s mouth, a ribbon forming a heart was around the letters. It was so much like the engraving we saw at the well in Scotland. I sat down at the table, pushing the books in front of me out of the way. Placing the one Liam had handed to me on the table in front of me, I opened it to the first page.
A beautifully drawn etching showed a man and a woman. In their hands was a red ruby crystal. They stood facing each other. All around them, rays of light erupted from the gem, filling the page with a red glow. What had me stunned was the resemblance of the man and woman to Aidan and me. I felt the crushing force of my destiny as I looked at the drawing. I let out the breath I had been holding, wishing Aidan was there to see it with me. I had managed to alienate the one person I needed to help me with the prophecy. I returned my attention to the book, turning to the first page. Writings in a language I did not understand filled the page. 
“Sidhe.” I jumped, startled at Aidan’s voice behind me. I had not heard his approach. “You should be able to request the book be translated.” 
I sent a thank-you to the universe that he was still speaking to me. I watched him come around the table to stand beside me. He was studying the book, reading the words with his eyes. Tracing the letters with my fingers, I called to the book to show me the words so I could understand them. Slowly, the letters reformed, the book vibrating in my hand. Once all the words appeared in English, Aidan covered my hand with his, encouraging me to go on. His touch gave me courage. I forced the tears of gratitude from my eyes, letting them read what had been written so long ago.

I write these words for you who is blood of my blood. Only you will know when the time is right. Follow your heart. There will be those who will try to have you follow their path. Elsam’s plan is to destroy the world. With the Kaemorra he will destroy his own blood. His child survives. His pain is unfounded. All he has worked for is for naught. The ruby darkness will light the way. From bloods will time be restored.
Elsam broke the binds between the worlds. The land is now open and unguarded. His return will herald his end. That which he seeks I have hid. The two will have a choice. Look within you to find the other. You will know what to do. Danger rises for you. Keep safe that which has been given. Through three right the wrongs.

I reread the words on the page trying to make sense of them. Some of it I could understand, but most of it was like a riddle. Aidan was still looking at the page, his eyes reading the passage again. He looked at me, clearly as lost as I was. I turned the page to see what else we could find. The next page held more text.

In time long gone, a Sidhe fell in love with a mortal woman. Their love forbidden, they met in secret. His queen, afraid of the mortals’ suspicion of her subjects, closed the two worlds from each other, leaving the Sidhe in pain and anger at the loss of his love. In secret he plotted a way around his queen’s protection, but it took a year before he found the way. He used the queen’s mirror to travel to see his love. What he found was death. His love, accused of witchcraft, had been tried and executed while he was gone. Lost in his despair, he wanted to punish those who had taken her from him. He went about finding and killing whoever had been involved. But that was not enough for him. With each death he craved more vengeance, wanting to end the lives of all mortals. He captured a witch and had her place a spell on his queen’s protective stone. The deep ruby crystal, the Kaemorra, held the two worlds apart. The tortured witch saw her chance to best him. Making it appear that the stone’s protection had been removed for him alone, to be able to travel between the worlds, she placed her own spell on it. A seer, she foresaw his coming sentence by the queen. For one thousand years, the time the Sidhe would be bound to his punishment, there would be a new spell cast. The witch made sure the Kaemorra would find a new home, placed somewhere where no one but her descendant would be able to find it. She knew the loss of the crystal would make the Sidhe world visible to the mortal world. She warned the queen to prepare her people. The witch withheld a secret though. The Sidhe’s mortal love had born a son before her death. In hiding, she placed the boy with a family for safeguarding. His mother had been a powerful witch, unknown to those who now raised him. The son had inherited both his parents’ powers. To keep the boy safe, she placed a spell on him to hide the magic within him. When he is needed, at the time for the worlds to be aligned, he will shed the spell and come into all his powers. The witch then cast a spell on the Kaemorra, which held two choices. Those would only be made known to her descendant and to the queen’s descendant. If acted alone the choice would be one. If they acted together, with the son that was hidden, a choice would have to be made. Together their strengths could forge a new path, one where all could live as they choose. 

Finished with reading the lines, the history of how we had ended up here, I wondered why everyone was telling me I had to return the Kaemorra. That it was my only choice. I wondered about the other descendant, could it be from Elsam’s line. More questions arose than had been answered. I needed to speak with my mother. What else were they keeping from me?
“My mother has much to answer for also.” Aidan admitted, his thoughts expressing how I felt as well. “Let’s track your mother down. Hear what she has to say.” 
I opened my mind up, searching for her presence and found her still with Asher and Rider in one of the rooms upstairs. I flinched as I felt deep anger from Asher being directed at Eliana. Aidan felt my reaction and understood where it came from.
“It’s to be expected. Locked in his state for so long, he must be furious at her actions. She had to have known, but she kept him here anyway.” Aidan could not hide how angry he was with his mother also. 
Needing to get everyone working together, even though Eliana seemed to have her own agenda, I made a decision. From now on, I would be making my choices. With Aidan’s help, if I could somehow get him to forgive me for hurting him, we would make our own way. I readied myself mentally to take charge, my resolve strengthening as Aidan rose with me to search out our parents. Holding the book with one arm to my chest, we walked to the door. On my way, I reached out, sending them a message to meet us downstairs.
When we entered the room, Rina, Liam and Tory were already present. Liam could see I had read the book. Stealing myself from reacting to his presence and the way he was holding Rina, I took a seat at the head of the table facing the door, waiting for the rest to show up. When everyone was present, seated and I had their attention, I watched them silently. They eyed each other nervously. Aidan entered my mind for the first time since we had argued, to let me know to tread carefully. His presence was comforting. For the first time, I knew it all rested with me. I had to make the choices. Choices that would not only affect my life, but everyone else’s life as well.
“I want to hear about Elsam. His story and why he did what he did. I want to know about the story in here.” I began, throwing the book in the middle of the table for everyone to see. 
Asher’s eyes fell on the book, visibly paling at what it was. My mother’s mouth hung open, trying to process what I demanded. The others were silent, everyone but Liam was in the dark about the tale the book held. Only Rider seemed unaffected. He barely glanced at the book; his eyes were fixed on me alone. A look of respect showed on his face, and he was the first to speak.
“What do you want to know? I will tell you everything I know.” He actually grinned at me. My mother turned to look at him. She seemed to be wondering what he was doing. His response, as he met her eyes, was silently given. Her exhalation of breath the only indication she accepted his decision. 
I pulled the book back to me, opened it and read them the passage. I could tell that Asher, Rider and my mom were already familiar with it. Liam’s only indication he was aware was the lowering of his eyes, staring at a spot on the table. When they all knew the words, I looked at Rider, the only one willing to speak so far.
“The Sidhe in the story must be Elsam. He had a son. Do we know who his descendant is?” I asked my father.
“No.” He answered me. “The line was lost long ago. I don’t know if anyone knows.” 
“We must find whoever it is. We need them.” I looked at my mother and Asher. Their expressions were guarded, afraid for some reason.
“There is no way to know if they even exist, if they are alive. Alexa, just focus on what you have to do.” My mother insisted.
“That’s just it, Mom, I don’t know what I have to do. From what it says, I have choices. What are they?” I could feel my anger rising. My fingers twitched, causing an escape of electricity that hit the table. I took several breaths, trying to regain control. Aidan placed his hand on my arm, calming me instantly.
“I am not going anywhere without all my choices available to me. We need to find Elsam’s descendant, whoever they may be. I need to speak with them, find out if they have any knowledge we are missing.” I continued. 
“Time is running out. You must act soon.” Asher finally spoke. “Whatever you decide, I will stand with you. I too need answers. Answers that only my wife can give. We need to find her as well.”
“Have you been able to feel her yet?” Aidan asked him.
“No, but I feel she is in danger. Whatever she is doing, she’s lost control. I have never seen her act so recklessly.” He admitted. 
“Mom, did she say anything to you before she left?” I hoped she had something more to add.
“Only that she had an idea of where Myrick and Elsam were hiding. She was sure it was somewhere Elsam felt close to. Somewhere from his past.” Her tone let me know she had given up trying to understand Eliana. The queen’s actions were difficult to comprehend.
“Wait! I think I have an idea.” Liam broke into the conversation.
“What are you thinking?” Asher asked him.
“Elsam was in love with that woman. Where had they secretly met? It must be there. He would want to be close to her spirit for his revenge to matter.” Liam’s answer felt right to me. 
“Does anyone know where that was? It’s not in the book.” I asked.
“Close to our land. I can’t be certain of the exact place. You may be right, son.” Asher looked ready to take off in search of his wife. 
“We will need to split up. There are three things we need to do.” Only this way would we have any chance of success by getting all the pieces in play. I was sure of it.
“We need to find Eliana. She knows more than she has told us. Also, Elsam’s descendant must be found. Lastly, we have to figure out what choices Meredith was talking about.” I gave them the list we needed to focus on. 
“Until your birthday, we are not going anywhere.” My mother informed me. “But we can get ready, make some plans.” 
Finally, with everyone on the same page, we could move forward. It was agreed that Asher, Bet and Elron would go find Eliana. My mom and Rider would focus on Elsam’s offspring. Aidan, Liam, Rina and I would stay to go through the library for any other references, and continue my training. We still had no idea who Meredith really was. Tory, we decided, had to go home. He continued to be in danger by being with us.
Breaking up our meeting, we all split into our groups to go over our individual plans. Tory was not happy with our decision, and was sulking in his chair. I was sorry to see him go, but he was not safe staying with us. 
“Tory, you understand why you have to go home, right?” I spoke to him, sitting down beside him. His response was a sad nod. There was not anything else I could do to make him feel better. Giving his hand a squeeze, I left him to his brooding.
I joined the others in their discussion. Liam and Rina had agreed to continue searching the library for any references to Elsam or Meredith. Aidan was going to continue my training. Everyone filed out of the room, leaving to start their tasks. Left alone with Aidan for the first time in so long, I had no idea what to say to him. 
“Aidan.” I started to say.
“How did Tory take the news?” Aidan stopped me, cutting me off from trying to apologize again.
 Sighing in response, I tried to sense what he was hiding from me. Any emotion in him was non-existent. How could someone hold everything in like that? The wall that separated us was firmly in place. With the silence stretching between us again, he decided there was nothing else we needed to talk about. Not getting a response from me, I saw him start towards the door.
“Aidan, I’m sorry. We can’t keep avoiding each other. We need to work together.” My words stopped him.
“We will work together. Aside from that, I don’t think we need to subject ourselves to each other’s presence.” He said with his back to me. As he took another step to leave, I stopped him again. Why were we joined together if I could not return his affection? What was the point?
“Aidan, I was wondering if your mother knew we would bond? If it was in her plans?” I was curious.
“With my mother, I have learned that anything is possible. Would it make a difference?” He turned to face me.
“Maybe. I’d like to think I had control over my life.” I clarified for him.
“You always had control. You just don’t want to accept it.” He answered before finally walking out.

Chapter 42 - Alexa

On the morning of my birthday, I woke up to a chilly breeze from the open window in my room. I rolled onto my side, facing away from the window, pulling the blanket over my head. Just before I slipped back into slumber, the strange quiet around me had me sit up. Where was everyone? I felt no one. 
I got up off the bed, pulling my robe on and walked to the open window. Outside gray clouds hung down from the mountaintop. The calm waters of the lake were hidden beneath a blanket of thick white rolling fog. Beneath me, the courtyard where most mornings someone would be outside having their morning coffee was empty. I sensed no one around. Did they all leave for some reason? Feeling a little unnerved by the silence and emptiness that hung around me, I decided to get dressed and try to find them. I quickly put on my clothes, choosing to wear a comfortable pair of jeans and a heavy sweater. I opened the door, stepping out into the hallway. The house had a frigid feel to it. The weather had turned cooler the last few days. I hugged my arms around me, a shiver running down my spine. It was not just from the cold. I had a bad feeling moving through me. 
Approaching the landing and the steps, I listened for any sound of life from below. I took the first step, stopping as fear crept into me. There was something wrong, but I could not fathom what it was. Emptiness unlike anything I had experienced made my blood run cold. A tremor ran through me, as if a ghost had moved through my body. Shaking off the unease, I descended slowly, making it to the bottom of the stairs. There I stopped, listening for any familiar noises. My heart beating erratically, I identified what was wrong. The absence of Aidan was like a gaping hole in my being. It was the cause of the ache that was building in my chest. 
Standing in the hallway, I saw the front door was closed. Usually, at this time, it hung wide open; at least someone should have been outside. Maybe the clouds and fog had kept them inside, but I could sense no one around. Where did everyone go? Where was Aidan? The pain was getting unbearable. I clutched at my heart, hearing it beating, drumming in my ears. 
The entrance to the main room was just to my left. Standing in the doorway, the room in front of me was empty. Where at least a table should have been standing, the room held no furniture, the bare walls a stark white. I was alone. I should have at least been able to sense Aidan. Even when he blocked me, I knew where he was. A cold finger of dread ran through me, suddenly realizing he was gone. Had I finally pushed him away as well? Was that why I could not find him? A piercing pain ran through me. My body convulsed from the onslaught. I fell to my knees, almost passing out as blackness threatened to consume me. 
Suddenly, there were hands pulling me into a hard chest, soft murmuring against my ear. Fingers pushed my hair off of my face. The agonizing pressure that had filled my heart gradually subsided. I gripped the shoulders of whoever held me, letting them comfort me. In my despair, they took my hand, placing it on their chest. I felt the beating of the heart below it. The steady heartbeat grew, reaching out, touching mine. The hollowness from the emptiness I felt was replaced by a spark of energy that reached out between us. Aidan’s presence engulfed me. The rightness of him holding me filled me with peace. I relaxed against him, accepting his strength. His strong arms lifted me, carrying me into the room where he sat on a couch that had materialized once he stepped into the room. We sat not saying a word while he held me on his lap. 
Afraid to lose the connection, I clung to him, my face buried in his chest. Ragged breaths broke from me while trying to regain control. His arms held me tight, and I could feel his sorrow and guilt. Not understanding how our connection had been lost, I raised my head to look at him. He looked so haggard, so lost in his own agony. My hand went to his cheek, my tear-stained eyes meeting his. He tensed under me, fear plain on his face. I felt his words reach my mind.
I’m so sorry, Alexa. It was to be a surprise. Your mother’s idea. I shouldn’t have let her do it. I felt the break just as much as you, but at least I knew it was temporary. Please forgive me.
I was so surprised at how happy I was to have him there, I could forgive him anything. I did not understand any of what he was saying, but I could see how upset he was. My hand went to his heart. With my other hand, I guided his to my heart. They beat to the same rhythm; our connection was back in place. The room had transformed into a living room, with only Aidan and me in it. Knowing that everyone else had left us alone, I wiped my face with my sweater’s sleeve and tried to stand up. I did not get very far. Aidan pulled me back, handing me a box of tissue. I smiled sheepishly as I took a couple of them and blew my nose, wiping my eyes with a second batch. 
He let me compose myself, his hands holding onto me, not ready to let me go. I settled back in his lap, letting go of my fear and anguish. I let his steady presence surround me, driving away our pain. He sighed deeply, feeling my return to normal. I never wanted to go through something like that again. How much worse would it be if we were separated permanently? I had gotten a glimpse of what it would be like if we were torn away from each other. The physical part of the joining alone could kill us. I still was no closer to understanding how my heart felt about him. Could I accept all that went with being bonded? I was not sure. For the first time though, I was willing to admit his arms around me felt good. Warmth and a sense of peace surrounded me. Lazily smiling at me, his eyes narrowed on hearing my thoughts. Again, I wished I could somehow close that part of our link. Aidan did not respond in any way to what he sensed and heard. Instead, he gave me a reprieve by focusing on my birthday,
“Are you ready for your surprise now?” Aidan whispered to me, cutting off my musings.
His smiling eyes were looking at me with hidden meaning. It had been so long since he had actually smiled at me it took my breath away. I smiled back at him, a warm pleasant feeling running through me. What had they planned? Today was the day everything would change for me. I was at once excited and full of trepidation. No one knew what I would be by the end of the day. Still, I had everyone I considered my family around me. 
“What have you all been up to?” I asked Aidan.
“Come, let me show you.” He lifted me in his arms, letting me slowly put my feet down.

Chapter 43 - Alexa

Holding my hand, Aidan walked me to the still closed front door and opened it. The feel of his touch continued to be comforting. He played with my fingers, his grip loose, giving me the option of pulling away. After being cut off from him, I was unwilling to let him go. Outside the sun had started peeking out from behind the dispersing gray clouds. The fog had almost dissipated from the sparkling waters of the lake. In front of me, I could see my mom, dad and friends standing solemnly around a big table that held all my favorite foods. In the middle, a large three-tiered chocolate cake stood out. They were all avoiding looking directly at me. I felt their guilt at putting me through the anguish of the morning. 
I walked down towards them, Aidan by my side, stopping in front of my mother. Her arms enveloped me in a hug. I let her hold me as she explained what she had done.
“I really only wanted to surprise you. You haven’t had a birthday party since you were little.”
What interested me was how she had blocked my link to Aidan. Remembering how it had affected me, I never wanted to go through it again. 
“How did you do it? I lost him completely.”
“A blanket spell. Fairly easy to do. Everyone down here was under a glamour. I heard you get up and hid everyone under it. I didn’t think your bond would do that to you. Aidan warned me, but I told him it would only be for a few minutes.” She looked at Aidan, an apology written on her face.
The somber mood was not how I wanted to remember my birthday. Accepting that my mother was only trying to give me a happy occasion, I clapped my hands to get everyone’s attention. 
“So where are my gifts? And let me at that cake, it looks delicious!” I teased them. 
Like the fog lifting over the lake, the somber atmosphere lifted, their smiles breaking like the sun through the clouds. Bet was the first to come to me, giving me a great big hug. The others lined up behind her. One by one they offered me their best wishes. Aidan stood leaning against a tree, legs crossed, smiling at the attention I was receiving. That smile did something surprising to me. It made me blush at the knowing look he was giving me. When Asher, the last one in line, gave me a peck on the cheek, Aidan strolled over to me. There was a difference to him that morning. It seemed like we had crossed some invisible line. I was more at ease with him as well. His arm came across my shoulder, pulling me against him. He took me to the table where my mom was lighting the candles on my cake. With the flames flickering, I made my wish. It may have been too much to wish for, but I hoped it would come true, having Aidan forgive me; acting like everything was finally good between us. My wish was it would continue. I leaned towards the cake blowing out the candles. Watching the smoke swirl, I felt incredibly happy for the first time in months.
My mom went ahead cutting the cake, offering the first piece to me. I licked the spoon that had chocolate frosting on it, the rich texture making me sigh. Aidan laughed beside me, as he accepted his piece and took a bite. Bet came to stand in front of me, mischief making her look giddy. She took my plate from my hand, placing it on the table and then opened my palm so she could place a little box on it. I pulled the small red ribbon that ran around the box, untying it and lifting the lid. Inside, nestled on a foamy pillow, was a small pendant. The design was exquisite. Similar to the book in the library where we had found Meredith’s story, the little platinum dove, a tiny red ruby encased in its eye, held a gold ribbon in its mouth. Within each of its claws, a letter A was held fiercely in its possession. The gold ribbon ran from its beak all around the entirety of the delicate design. Moved, my eyes tearing, I gave her a gripping hug. 
“This is amazing, Bet! When did you have time to get it?” I exclaimed, showing it to Aidan.
“We have our ways.” Her eyes misting over like mine.
“Is it all right if I put it with your pendant?” Aidan asked me. I turned my back to him, pulling my hair out of the way so he could remove it. He looped Bet’s gift on my chain and refastened it around my neck. My fingers went to the pendants. I thanked Bet again. Aidan’s hand still rested on the nape of my neck, his fingers twirling a strand of my hair, causing shivers to run down my spine.  
Elron came up to me next, his usual no-nonsense expression on his face. From beneath his leather jacket he pulled out a blade. He held it across his forearm, the tip pointing towards me. The handle of the blade gave off a purplish glow, while the blade itself reflected the blues and whites of the sky above us. Along the sleek metal I could make out words in Sidhe. From Aidan’s reaction, the blade held some important meaning. Even Asher had stopped to stare at us.
“This blade was forged in our lands before the fall. It came into my family through my father’s line. It is said it was made by the ancients. I would like you to have it, to bind it to you.” Elron flipped the blade around with its handle towards me. I could feel everyone’s attention on me, the way they all held their breath. Elron dipped his head, the blade offered to me gleaming in his hand. Reaching out, I placed my hand on it and let my grip encircle the hilt. Once in my possession, the steel pulsed, its colors brightening in an almost blinding light. I clutched it firmly, feeling its power, a kinship forming between it and me. 
“What do the words say?” I stared at the length of steel, the words emblazoned there shone vividly.
“Strength and skill to the holder.” Aidan answered me. “The blade is now yours. It has accepted you.”
“Thank-you, Elron! I will treasure it always.” I hugged him with one arm, my eyes still focused on the multitude of colors being thrown from the blade. 
“You are welcome, little one.” He stepped back, embarrassed at the contact between us. 
Asher cleared his throat, stepping forward and taking Elron’s place. He had such a majestic air about him. I still felt small in his presence. In his hand, he held an object. The small item was unseen, lost in the shadows of his fingers. Before I could make out what it was, he took my hands in his and actually smiled at me.
“I was blessed to have three children that have brought nothing but joy to my life. If I could have had another daughter, I would have wanted her to be exactly like you. With the bond now formed between my son and you, I can happily say I welcome you into our family.” Uneasy about his assuming Aidan and I were together, I almost said something. Aidan’s hand tightened on my neck, stopping me. Asher let go of my hand and I felt a sensation on the middle finger of my left hand. Looking down, I stared at a ring he had place on it. Plain in design, a simple gold band, it had intricate lines flowing around it. Intertwined, lines were etched in a blazing fire red eternity symbol.
“Thank-you, Father.” Aidan appeared moved by the gift. “The ring was my grandmother’s. It is passed down to the eldest son once he has found his mate.” He explained to me. His eyes begged me to not make a scene about it. 
“Thank-you, Asher.” Was all I could manage. The ring felt heavy, weighing on me for more reasons than its actual weight. 
Still looking at the beauty of the ring, I had not noticed Liam and Rina advancing before me. Rina spoke for them both. Liam stood unsmiling next to her.
“We didn’t know what to get you, but I hope you will accept this from us.” From inside a leather pouch, Liam pulled out a small gleaming green gem. He took the blade that was still in my hand. The gem in one hand and the blade in the other, he joined them together so that they came in contact. In a flash, the blade threw out a brilliant blue light, the green of the gem responding in its own hue. I saw the two join, the gem disappearing, its own intensity now embedded in the steel. The steel now glowed throwing out blue, white and green.
“What just happened?” I was curious at the joining of the two. Liam handed the blade back to me, the feeling from it somehow different.
“The gem is a life-stone. It has healing properties. If you are hurt, it will act to heal any injury. Only a strike to your heart would kill you.” Rider placed his hand on my shoulder, looking at Liam with respect. “He has given you his own protection. These gems are hard to find and will only link with those they find worthy.” He finished.
“Oh Liam, what about you? You shouldn’t have.” He had left himself open to getting hurt for me. 
“I would feel beyond disappointed if you didn’t accept it. Anyway it’s too late. The two have joined. Like we keep telling you, it takes a lot to hurt us.” Liam finally grinned at me. He gave me a quick hug, making sure the contact was brief. When he had let go of me, Rina gave me a quick embrace as well. They returned to the table, Liam placing heaps of food on a plate. My eyes wandered back to Rider who still had his hand on my shoulder.
“I missed so much of your life, keeping away for your protection. I missed you both.” His eyes went to my mother. “I had to watch from afar as my beautiful daughter grew up. Every day I waited for the time to be right, wishing some other way would be found instead of placing you in danger’s path. I want you to know how much I love you, how proud I am of you.” He took me in his arms, holding me close. My eyes wet, a single tear escaped and tracked down my cheek. I blinked the remaining wetness away, holding onto my father, knowing he was just as moved as I was. 
“Your mother and I want you to have this. It was the first thing I gave her when we met.” He placed a little box in my hand. The beauty of it stunned me. Gold and encrusted with jewels, it shimmered under the sun’s rays. A little clasp held it closed. I moved the clasp away and lifted the lid. The inside of the box was empty. Surprised, I looked at my mom for an explanation.
“If you need to find someone, open the box and look inside. You will see where that person is. It was how I kept in contact with your father all those years we were apart.” She explained, her hand linking with Rider’s. Looking into the box, I asked to see where my family was. The inside of it clouded over, letting me see this setting and all of us in our present location.
“Thank-you, Dad!” I embraced my father, feeling him tense then slowly relax, realizing I had called him dad for the first time. A soft sigh escaped him; he pulled my mother to us and held us both. I stepped back from them and turned to face all my friends and family.
“Thank-you! You have made this the best birthday ever. You are my family, all of you. I can’t imagine my life without you all in it. Now let’s eat because I’m starving.” I took a step towards the table before Aidan stopped me, placing his hand on my arm. Everyone else continued to the table, taking plates and serving themselves.
“Have you forgotten something?” Aidan teased me, his eyes shining a deep emerald green at me. Again I marveled at how youthful and carefree he seemed. There was a marked difference in him. 
“Have I?” I asked him.
“You didn’t think I might have something for you as well?”
“I can’t imagine what more I could get.” I smiled at him.
“Close your eyes, Alexa.” He instructed me. “Hold out your hand.”
Excited to see what he had up his sleeve, I closed my eyes, holding out my hand. He took hold of it, giving my hand a kiss. My eyes opened staring at him. He looked more handsome to me today.
“Close your eyes, no peeking!” He told me, so I closed them again. Still holding out my hand, I felt a small drop of something wet hit it. I felt his hand tremble, his grip tightening on mine.
“Open your eyes.” He whispered.
In my palm was a tiny drop of blood. I could see his shirt was unbuttoned exposing his chest. Above where his heart lay there was a small cut. A drop of blood clung to the small incision he had made. The blood on my hand was being absorbed into me, I felt it as it traveled through my veins, coming to rest within my beating heart. A sense of completeness filled me.
“What was that? I can feel your heart from here.” My fist went to where my heart lay.
“I have given you a piece of my heart. Wherever you are, I will be with you. My strength is now yours.” Aidan stepped closer to me, his arm going around my waist. “You have always held my heart. Now you have a piece of it within you.”
“Aidan.” I whispered not knowing how to respond. I stepped away from him, worried what it meant. 
“Are you guys going to eat? If not, I can finish the rest myself.” Liam was looking at me with a guarded expression.
I gazed into Aidan’s eyes, and the dark spots covering his green pupils. He knew not to push me. With a quick kiss on my forehead he led me to the table. I finished a second piece of my cake feeling extremely lucky to be surrounded by friends and family. Everyone had broken off into groups, laughter and words reaching me, I had picked up an apple when I felt the first pain. Brushing it aside, I took a bite of the apple, suddenly feeling dizzy. I found the nearest chair and sat down as nausea hit me. Sounds drifted away, my sight blurring, as an increasing pain grew behind my eyes. 
Aidan, down on his knees in front of me, was mouthing words I could not hear. He drifted in and out of focus before my eyes. I swayed in my chair, consciousness deserting me, I crumpled in darkness. Aidan calling my name was the last sound I heard.

Chapter 44 - Alexa

I was lost somewhere within my mind. Faint sounds reached my ears, voices calling out to me. I wanted to respond, but the black sea surrounding me held me under. I reached out trying to make contact with those speaking to me as the darkness claimed me again. Time had no meaning where I was. I drifted aimlessly, the beat of two hearts the only sound breaking the silence that encompassed me. Fighting to rise above the blackness, I struggled for awareness. Something was happening to me. I could feel whatever it was stretching its tendrils, invading into my veins, my cells, every last part of me. It drove me further into oblivion. I floated, pain like nothing I had ever felt becoming my sole companion. Did I scream? Was that me making those whimpering sounds? Just when I thought I could not take anymore, a surge of electricity coursed through me. My body convulsed under its crack of power. I fell deeper into the darkness, losing my last grasp of the awareness I held onto. 
A steady drumming drew me back, the beat of it like music to my ears; I listened to it split into two distinct pulses. Somewhere out there, I knew whose heart I could hear beating alongside mine. He was calling to me, his existence the only thing I was desperate to cling to. In my sea of gloom, specks of light grew steadily, illuminating my way back.
“I know you can hear me. Please, Alexa, open your eyes. Come back to me.” I heard an anguished voice crying out distantly from outside my prison. 
“She’s coming back, Aidan. You need rest. You’ll be no help to her if you let yourself get sick.” A second voice filtered through.
Yes, please take care of yourself, I wanted to say. I need you. The connection broke and I lost myself again in the vastness of the space around me.
A soft touch to my face slowly brought me back. My eyes closed, I knew whose hand caressed me lovingly. I wanted to open my eyes, to look at him, but I had no control over my body. I slipped back into my mind, the feeling of his fingers leaving me.
My eyes opened slowly, the room I was in, lit only by a single lamp on a bedside table. It was night. The moon lay visible just outside the window. Aidan’s presence, lying next me, brought me fully awake. I turned my head to look at him. He was sleeping on his side, facing me, one arm wrapped tightly around my waist, as if afraid to lose contact. Looking at him, the signs of what he had endured showed on his face. Stubble, his hair unkempt, wearing the same clothes I had last seen him in, even in sleep his face showed his weariness.
My hand reached out and drew a strand of his hair out of his eyes. I turned on my side facing him, my arm going around him, moving closer to him. He stirred, mumbling something incoherent before falling back to sleep. I closed my eyes, breathing his scent in deeply before falling into a fitful sleep of my own.
When I woke again, I found two emerald eyes gazing down at me. His body pressed up against mine, a tear escaped, dropping on the blanket that covered me. My hands went up to his face, feeling the anguish he had gone through pouring from him. 
“Aidan, I’m all right.” I tried to reassure him. He pulled me up, away from the bed and clung to me, his face inches from mine. 
“I thought I lost you. For a time I couldn’t feel you at all.” 
“I’m here.” Was the only thing I could think to say. Pulling away, I fell back on the bed. I needed time to get my bearings. His nearness was confusing me. 
A knock on the door had him reluctantly standing up. Asking who it was and hearing it was my mother, he straightened his clothes before going to open the door. With an arched eyebrow, she entered the room as I pulled the blanket up to cover myself. I had not realized since waking I had no clothes on. 
“How are you feeling?” My mother asked, sitting beside me on the bed.
“Tired, but fine. What happened?” I adjusted the pillow so I could sit up, pulling the blanket with me, to cover myself.
“We can discuss it after you both clean up and come downstairs. I’m happy you got through it so easily.” Her remark that it had been easy for me had me about to ask what she meant. She held her hand up. 
“Downstairs, don’t dawdle.” She looked at Aidan as she spoke.
Leaving us alone, Aidan ran his hand through his hair. He smiled ruefully at me. 
“I’ll let you get ready.” 
Smiling at him, I waited until he left the room before standing to pull on my robe. I started the shower thinking I really needed to get clean. My hair was clinging to me from sweat. I took my time, standing under the scalding water, feeling for any changes that I might have gone through. Whatever had happened, I still felt the same. Clean and refreshed, I dressed quickly. 
Going downstairs, I made my way to grab some food. Unbelievable hunger was gnawing at me. Food took priority over any information my mother had to impart. Sitting down with my bounty, full of sweets, Aidan settled next to me. He too had cleaned up. The stubble that had covered his face was shaved away, giving him back his youthful look. No one spoke while I gorged on the sugar-laced goodies in front of me. Aidan was absently tracing a figure on my arm. I was too preoccupied with eating to take much notice. Taking the last bite, I was ready to hear what my mother had to say. From the look of everyone, they had all gone through a lot of worry over what had happened to me. They had nothing to fear. With the sugar infusing my body, I was more than great. 
“I’m fine. I feel great actually. Stop worrying.” I smiled to show them I was being honest.
“You were unconscious for five days. We have a right to be worried.” Liam stated.
“Five days?” I looked at my mom, who nodded. No wonder Aidan looked so unbalanced. How long had our bond been broken?
“Three days.” He answered my unspoken question. I took his hand, understanding what he had gone through. I had only lost him for minutes on my birthday. What would it have felt like for three days?
“Hell.” He let me know.
“Yes, but it’s still fast. It usually takes seven to ten days to acquire full use of ones powers.” My mom let us know.
“She never follows the plan.” Liam laughed at my expression. I was shocked that my mother had not said anything about me having to go through this.
“So what now?” I did not feel any different.
“I’m not sure. You are not just a witch. Your Sidhe blood has influence on you. We have never had one of your kind before.” Rider folded his hands together on the table, leaning forward towards me.
“How will I know?” I addressed him.
“We wait. It shouldn’t be long. A couple of days at most. Probably sooner, the way you have been changing already.” He looked from me to everyone at the table.
“What should I be waiting for? How will I know if anything is happening?” 
“Oh, you will know.” My mom smiled. “The forces will show themselves to you. Just try to relax, enjoy the day and wait.” 
“Should we continue training?” I felt strong enough to at least try some swordplay with Elron.
“No, until you get a handle on what you will inherit it would be dangerous to those around you more than to yourself.” Rider advised me. 
“Alexa and I will wait.” Aidan responded to Rider. “I would like to show you something.” His fingers were twirling his grandmother’s ring, which was on my finger. His eyes drifted to mine, creating a strange reaction. My nerves tingled as our eyes met.  
We all stood, going our separate ways. Aidan’s hand pulled me along outside. In the garden, we made a right turn away from the quay where our boat was moored. Walking through the trees, Aidan guided me until we reached a clearing. The green carpet of grass was hidden under the most amazing flowers. Every color imaginable sprang from the ground. Aidan pulled me along, our feet crushing the petals that lay under them. In the center of the field, he stopped and sat down, his arms tugging me to sit next to him. 
“It feels wrong to step here somehow.” I could see where our steps had landed. 
“Watch.” Aidan smiled, looking at the same area.
The depressed flowers, the broken petals strewn on the grass, came alive. I saw the petals rise and flowers sway accepting them back on their stems. Where they once were sunken and broken, they reached up towards the sun, in full bloom again. Awed, silenced by the amazement before me, I could only stare in wonder. Aidan’s soft laughter brought me back.
“It’s amazing!” I told him.
“The whole valley here was protected by three warlocks a long time ago. Their spell has made everything living here indestructible.” I continued to watch the grass and flowers return to their perfect form.
“Alexa.” My name broke from him. My head turned to face him. In a kind of desperation, he locked his lips on mine. I lost myself in the feel of him, the way his hunger drove into me. We lay down together, his mouth devouring mine. 
A whisper in my mind made me pull away from him. He is coming, I heard as my pendant glowed to life. Aidan was instantly on his feet standing over me. My senses screamed of danger. My missing sword flamed in my mind calling me. Aidan was also unarmed. We had gotten complacent in our peaceful seclusion. The wind picked up, a maelstrom developing in front of us. From within me, I felt my powers gather, my fingers twitched, sparking electric current from the air. I turned them towards the apparition before us. The frame of a man seen through the swirling winds started to materialize. I let go of my power, hitting the image, the crackling sounds of energy deafening as it landed in the center of the mass. As quickly as it had started, the flash of an explosion had the winds die down, the clearing returned to its previous harmony. 
We both stood staring at the spot where the attack had come from. My pendant now lay dormant around my neck. I was still humming with unspent power. With a deep breath, I fought to bring it back under control. Aidan came to me, stopping, staring at me, his eyes wide.
“Alexa, your eyes.” Something, some change was running through me. I could feel the air around me, the earth beneath my feet and everything under it. The lake water even from this distance, I could hear lapping along the shore. It was not just my ears; my eyes were also being altered. The area in front of me was blinding to behold. The colors of the flowers were casting auras, their brilliance hurting. I closed my eyes to block out the rays. Aidan lifted me up in his arms running with me back to the house. 
My mom met us at the door. She let Aidan pass and followed us inside. He placed me gently on the couch sitting down beside me. I held my eyes closed recovering from the onslaught of the burst of colors still burning in them. Aidan explained what had happened. Slowly, I let my eyes open, my vision returning to normal. The room around me came into focus, seeing it for the first time with my new sight. The borders of the illusion, the great room with all its furnishings, glistened around the edges. I could make out the lines where the fabric of space gave way to the magic that surrounded me. Auras danced around me making colors more refined. Sounds of breathing and pulses resounded in my ears. I could tell where everyone in the house was at that moment. 
Aidan and my mother sat staring at me, their looks told me somehow I had changed. He had mentioned my eyes, but deep in my bones I felt it was more profound than that. Their thoughts assaulted me, the cacophony of sound bounced in my mind. I wanted to yell for them to stop, but they were not really speaking to me. A part of me shut down, bringing the echoes to a dull throb as I channeled my focus to them.
“How are you feeling, sweetheart?” My mom asked me, her voice too loud in the room.
“It’s overwhelming. Too much. I can see things, this room, its magic and the way the illusion is working. And my hearing. Everything is too loud.” I tried to explain. “I can hear your thoughts and the heartbeats of everyone.”
“What else? Can you feel anything else?” Aidan looked worriedly at me.
“I can feel the air whispering, the earth moving, and the water of the lake rippling. I feel connected to them.” 
“Your senses have been heightened. If you feel them then you’ll be able to use them. I’ve never heard of anyone having all the elements respond to them.” She stood away from me, her eyes still resting on my face.
“We still don’t know if she can command water. Liam wasn’t able to get her to feel its power.” Aidan spoke to my mother, his eyes never leaving mine.
I was curious what the effect had done to me. Why were they looking at me so strangely? I needed a mirror and there were two in the room, one on each side of the fireplace. I rose unsteadily to my feet and before they could stop me, I was looking at myself in one of them. What I saw made me reach out my hand to touch my face. My features were somehow more defined. My cheekbones were higher, my lips fuller, the shape of my face more rounded. My hair had an almost white blond streak running down its length, framing the right side of my face. Strange eyes stared back at me. My gray eyes were now a steel silver color. They studied me back, like a stranger, their gaze seeing more than ever before. My body had gone through its own transformation. My muscles appeared more defined, my frame more curvaceous. The change had done more than increase my sensations, it had changed me physically.
In the mirror I could see Aidan walk up behind me, standing looking at me through the mirror, he placed his hands on my shoulders. My eyes were drawn to his, searching for any sign of how he felt. In my head, I could hear his thoughts, how unaffected his love for me was. His eyes glinted as he spoke in my mind, teasing me with how I had filled out. 
“What happened that I felt the elements stir so violently?” My mother asked us.
Aidan explained the attack, filling my mother in on the details. I walked slowly around the room, touching objects, feeling their properties. Everything had some aspect linking back to the elements. Wood, metal, glass, they all spoke of their ties. The energy around each item traced their lines, sparking as if giving space for their existence. Outside the window, on the tree nearest to us, I could hear a bird’s feathers ruffling, its chirping distinct from others. I returned my attention back to my mother, knowing she was about to speak to me.
“Any idea who it was? Did you see them at all?” I thought about it for a moment. I had only seen an outline, but I had a clear picture of who it was.
“Myrick. I’m sure it was him.” I continued with my exploration around the room, enjoying these new feelings.
“How can you be sure? I only saw a form, nothing clear.” Aidan watched me as I roamed around, an amused expression on his face. I stuck my tongue out at him, making him laugh. 
“It was him.” I could not explain it to them. I just knew it was. My feet wandered towards the fireplace where the grate lay empty and cold. Wondering what it would feel like, I conjured up a roaring fire, the flames rising and sparking from the burning logs. Heat touched me first; it seeped into me, its warmth enveloping me. I tested the feeling, trying to make it flow stronger. It built, making the hot air around me almost unbearable. I let it go, the strength of the fire ebbing away. I focused my eyes on a single flame, drawing it towards me, holding my hand out to it. The flame rose up, soaring to my hand where it stopped before touching my skin. It hovered there, continuing its flare. I let it go, seeing it burn out slowly until there was nothing left. 
“Alexa.” My mother called out to me. I turned my back to the fireplace and saw her amazed look.
“I had to try.” Pleased, I made my way to them and sat down on a chair facing them. 
“Did you get a sense of what Myrick was trying to do?” Her question made me think back to his attempt to reach us. His intention was not clear. It did not feel like he had used all his resources to break through.
“It was a test.” I followed my intuition. “There will be more coming and they will be able to get to us. We will have to fight.”
“Do you know when?” Aidan had his warrior face on. 
“Soon. We will win, but it will be a hard battle.” The words coming out of me were sure. 
In my mind, I could see the battle raging, my friends and family fighting alongside me. The brutal enemy, warlocks, witches and Sidhe causing destruction. Visions of the Kaemorra, the possible endings, shapes and sounds of things I could not identify. It cut away as Aidan took my hand. 
“You can see it. You have the sight.” He smoothed out my fingers that were flexed in fury at the attack I knew was coming. I refocused on him instead of the carnage they would bring.
“I see many things, many outcomes.” I let them know. “I see darkness, shadows, people dying, the Kaemorra and possibilities.” 
“You see it? Do you have a clearer idea where it is?” Aidan stroked my hand, focusing my senses to his touch. 
“Somewhat. I think I need to be closer to it. We have bigger problems though.” I looked at both of them, my fear making its way to my face.
“Elsam does not want to destroy the Kaemorra. He wants to use it for something else. I’m not sure for what exactly yet, but it will unleash death on earth.” My voice quivered with my fear. 
“What are we facing?” Rider’s voice resonated through the room from where he stood in the doorway.

Chapter 45 - Alexa

With my back to him, Rider had not seen the change in me until I turned to face him. His expression changed to one of surprise. I could hear his thoughts running around in his mind. Worry about me was the most predominant one. His feet frozen to the spot, he studied me, seeing the changes I had gone through. Emotions crossed his features, some I could not recognize. Recovering first, my mother spoke to all of us.
“We need everyone to hear what you have to say.” She stood to search for them, but I stopped her.
“I’ll get them. We can wait for them.” I searched for their individual signatures and, one by one, I called them to me, guiding them to where we were. Rider in the meantime had come to sit beside my mother, his stare still glued to me. 
As the others came to join us, their shock at my change was evident in the way they stared. Aidan waited until they all seated themselves before speaking up.
“As you can all see, Alexa has gone through the change. We’ll fill you in on everything, then we have some decisions to make.” 
Between Aidan and my mother, they related the events in the meadow and what I had told them. I let them do the talking, listening while feeling their emotions and questions. When they had finished speaking, everyone waited for me to say something.
“It’s a good look for you.” Liam broke the silence. He winked at me, making me laugh.
“How many do you think are coming?” Elron the strategist asked me.
“Ten, I think. I’m not sure exactly. And I don’t know when, but it will be soon. The moon was full, it will be nighttime.” I spoke without thinking, the knowing of it strong within me. 
“So we have maybe three days at least. The moon is still waxing. It will be completely full in five days.” Elron let us know. 
“Elsam won’t be here. He is sending his warlocks and supporting Sidhes for the attack. His attention is focused somewhere else. He needs the Kaemorra, but I can’t see for what.” My voice spoke while my eyes glazed over, seeing the events before me.
A vision transported me to where Elsam was. The smell of the ocean breeze in front of him reached my nose; the rising sun on the horizon gave off a fiery glow. He stood on a balcony his hands resting on the railing. The eyes I was seeing through were his. I could almost touch his mind, read his thoughts. The distance was too much for me to bridge. I wanted to probe, look for answers, but there was a resistance, blocking his mind from me. 
The conversation had continued without me. Only Aidan had felt my absence. He was half listening to Asher, who was speaking. The other half was concentrated on me, on what he was reading from me. Being connected, I was startled to realize he had seen my vision. It was something we could share. 
“Alexa.” I heard my name spoken. Breaking away from Aidan’s hold on my mind, I looked to see who had spoken.
“Is there anything else you can tell us?” Asher asked, having gotten my attention.
“Eliana said that Elsam wanted to destroy the crystal. What I see is that he wants to use it for something. Myrick is working on a spell. An unleashing that will bring destruction to the world. That’s all I see for now.” 
Elron and Liam went through strategy, how we could prepare. I blocked them out. They were better equipped to make those decisions than I was. No one suggested we move, go somewhere else. I could have told them it would not make any difference, they would find us wherever we went. It seemed like they knew that as well. 
A rumble in my stomach brought hunger to my awareness. Was it only that morning I woke up after being knocked out for days? The hollowness in my stomach reminded me I needed sugar above all else. My resources were low, the energy I had expended weakened me immensely. I grew uncomfortable in my chair, the room recognizing my needs, transformed the area we were not occupying into a dining area, giving me what I needed. 
The change alerted everyone, breaking into their conversation. They regarded the table laden with food. Sugar drew me to it, the need overwhelming. Taking the first thing my hand could reach, I stuffed it in my mouth, my eyes closing on the pleasure of the chocolate-filled profiterole. Swallowing it, I took another and was already trying to decide what else from the table I would eat, when Liam spoke standing next to me.
“Anything for the rest of us to eat?” His smiling face was looking at the table where it held only sweets. Looking at him sheepishly, I allowed the table to transform the offerings on half of the table to something he could eat. Making a satisfied sound, he left my side to fill his plate with roast beef and potatoes. My plate, I filled with marbled cheesecake, tiramisu and opera cake. I was in heaven, the sweet bites I took replenishing my reserves. Would I ever feel the need for anything other than the sugary treats before me? 
Taking my plate back to my chair, I gathered my legs under me and sat. My mother faced me, still seated on the couch, gnawing on her bottom lip, lost in her own thoughts. There was something bothering her, but I was too consumed with satisfying my hunger to pay much attention to her. Between bites, I looked around the room, noticing through my new eyes how beautiful the room was. It amazed me how detailed the illusion was. I could make out the beginning and end of the wizardly creation, the way the shapes took form and held in place. Struck by the way the light filtered through it, sizzling around the edges, it made the colors more vivid and alive. 
“Alexa, you said Elsam wanted to unleash something to our world. Is there anything more you are feeling about that?” My mom broke into my wandering thoughts. My attention drawn back to her, I thought about her question, trying to use my newfound gift to glean anything else.
“Darkness, Mom. I see shadows and dark.” There was nothing more, the images were not clear.
The look she gave me was fearful, full of uncertainty. She withdrew back into her thoughts, leaving me to ponder what could be coming. I wished I could see more clearly what his plans were, what his next step would be. My plate empty, still feeling hungry, I returned to the table for more fuel. Aidan’s thoughts broke into my mind from where he stood with his father. They were arguing about something, their body language tense and hard. I approached them quietly, wanting to see what they were discussing. At my arrival, they stopped and looked at me. Asher took a deep breath, his face relaxing, he bowed to me and left us. I put my hand on Aidan’s arm, stood in front of him, seeing he was still upset. 
“What is it? How can I help?” I asked him. He sighed and pulled me towards him. He rested his chin on the top of my head. I felt the tension leave him once he was in contact with me. 
“Asher wants to leave to find my mother. We need him here for what’s to come.” He spoke over my head.
“A week is all we need. We will all have to go our separate ways after that. There are things we must do before we can go looking for the Kaemorra. We’ve discussed our plans. He’ll be able to go after her in a week. Maybe I should talk to him. Eliana is not in danger yet. I can feel this.” Aidan stopped me as I turned to go after his father.
“He knows. He’s not happy about it, but he knows we need him here.” I let it go for now. His reassurance was enough. With my hunger satisfied, Aidan’s nearness a comfort, we needed to focus on the fight I saw coming. 

Chapter 46 - Alexa

The next day we resumed my training. While Elron and Asher practiced between themselves, using swords, blades and their fists, Bet and Rina practiced spells and charms. I had the task of working with Liam and Aidan. With my heightened senses and abilities, it was easier to learn and adapt to the more difficult tests they were putting me through. My mom and dad watched from the sidelines at times, while at other times they would disappear within the large library, reading and searching for any clues. 
Having thrown Liam to the ground for the hundredth time with the use of the forces around me, he lay flat on his back catching his breath. The fast rise and fall of his chest indicated I had put more into my defense than I should have. It was hard work to control how much to use without hurting someone. Although they insisted they could take whatever I threw at them, I still worried about hurting them.
“Your turn.” Liam told Aidan. “See how you like being tossed around by her.” Aidan’s amusement at how I had repelled Liam’s latest attack was still on his face. As Liam had tried to grab me from behind, wrapping his arm around my throat, my body had shot a blast of electricity at him, throwing him several feet from me. Electricity was still my strongest force, gathered from the air and moisture around me. 
Without warning, Aidan came at me, pinning my arms behind my back, leaving me with no room to move. Standing in front of me, he held me firmly pressed against his body, his legs spread with me planted between them. From my unbalanced position, I struggled to find my feet. Without the use of my hands, there was no way for me to fight back. The energy I needed gathered in my hands with no place to go. My fingertips behind my back sizzled with energy. I felt around for something else I could use and I found it in the earth under my feet. 
Aidan whipped away from me landing on his feet as he sprang back just in time. The earth where he had stood opened up into a gaping hole. The wind whistled around me with hurricane force, driving him further away from me. Drawing the power back, the air around me returned to normal. The shaking of the ground halted and Liam’s laughter rang out. 
“Not much fun is it when it’s directed at you?” He continued laughing at Aidan’s expense. 
“Can we take a break? I need to eat something.” My body hungered for something sweet. We had been at it for hours, and using the elements took a lot out of me. I felt drained, ready for a nap. 
Liam had already started walking indoors, looking for his own nourishment, without waiting for an answer from Aidan. Following him, Aidan caught up to me, his hand clasping mine. 
“You are doing very well, but there is something I want to try when we come back.” His words were guarded, giving me no hint of what he was talking about. His carefully crafted wall was up, keeping his thoughts from me. I wanted food first before getting into any discussion on what he had planned. 
A half hour later, full and revived, I stood as Liam and Aidan walked in circles around me. Following them with my eyes, I waited for any moves they would make. They took their time, slowly making their way around me, appearing relaxed. I caught a look that passed between them, Liam’s eyes narrowing as he threw a curtain of energy around me, entrapping me in place. Aidan’s arms came around me, forcing my arms tightly against my sides. Unable to move, bound by the energy and Aidan’s forceful hold, my reaction came out of nowhere. 
The molecules of water held in the air gathered together forming a funnel. The water swirled and grew encompassing me in its protection. As it fully encompassed me, the force of it threw Liam’s energy back at him, causing him to cry out from the shock as it hit him. Aidan was sputtering from the water, the force of it like a giant waterfall drowning him with its strength. He let me go and stood next to Liam, who had recovered enough to simply stare. I let the energy drop, noticing not one drop of water had touched me. I was dry, while Aidan looked like he had fallen into the lake. Drenched, his clothes clung to him, his hair was plastered to his head, driving curls into his eyes. His hand brushed through his hair letting it fall in waves away from his face. 
“So she can handle a combined attack. I don’t think we have to worry about that.” Said Liam, sitting down on a boulder. I sat on the ground, extending my legs in front of me to take a break. It was getting easier for me to draw on the matter around me while feeling threatened, but now I felt nothing at all. 
“I’ll go change.” Aidan bent down, kissing the top of my head before leaving us. The view as he strolled away showed me the strong muscles under the shirt plastered to his back. A small smile on my face, I enjoyed the view along with the magnificent scenery. Ever since the change, I had felt a shift in my feelings for Aidan. I did not trust they were wholly mine. Still, my heart skipped a beat whenever I saw him. When he touched me, even casually, my breath caught in my throat. The setting of the sun on the horizon in front of him, the mountains rising above the estate and the garden with all the flora made an amazing picture. His stride took him by Asher, who was approaching where Liam and I sat; he patted Aidan on the back as he passed. 
“Try not to drown my son, Alexa.” He teased me.
“I’ll try. It’s not easy though. I have no control. Everything happens naturally when I feel threatened, but I can’t summon anything at will.” The elements around me lay dormant. I tested the air with no results.
“It comes easier with time. Just like you are learning about these forces, they are also learning about you. To be summoned at your will, you must become one with them.” His words made sense, but I had no idea how to make friends with the energies surrounding me. 
“I worry that I won’t be ready. Already I can feel Aidan’s resistance in my participating. He thinks I should hide while you all fight.” His thoughts were transmitting themselves more clearly since my change, while his feelings were enough to make me blush. There were times though I could feel him blocking me, hiding what was going on inside him. 
“Aidan will always do what he thinks will protect you. That is what a bonded does. His reaction is to put you out of harm’s way, but he knows you can hold your own.” The subject of our conversation was approaching us, returning from changing his clothes. His easy stride bringing him closer, his hair still damp, he wore comfortable jeans and a black T-shirt. Liam got up from his seat on the rock, stretching his back, he turned to his brother as he neared.
“Alexa is worried she can’t call her powers at will. I have some ideas we can try.” Liam faced Aidan, his back to me, Aidan’s eyes drifted from him to me. Whatever passed between them, I could not make it out. Asher excused himself.
“I’ll let you continue. Alexa, come see me later. I’ll be in the library.” He walked away, stopping in front of Aidan, where a silent communication passed between them. Seeming to get some answer from Aidan, he continued towards the house. 
“Anything else I need to know about?” Aidan’s eyes found mine as I asked him. Being summoned by the king for a sit down was unusual. Asher’s presence filtered around the edges, he was there but held himself apart from the rest of us. 
“I know as much as you do.” Aidan’s response came too quickly, his thoughts hidden behind his wall. To soften the statement he smiled slightly, looking at Liam to change the subject.
“Don’t look at me. This is between you and dad.” Liam deflected, causing Aidan to wince. I shook my head at them, getting up from the ground. I brushed the gathered dirt from my jeans. Whatever it was it would have to wait. We did not have time to waste. 
“Let’s get back to work. What did you have in mind, Liam?”
Liam’s idea of help was to have me still my mind, concentrate on my environment and try to absorb the flowing energies. After two hours of my useless attempts, I threw a mini tantrum and left them. In my anger at the futile tries, the growing winds followed me to the front garden of the house. I took steadying breaths to release the forces and sat on one of the benches. 
Bet slid down on the bench beside me. She had been scarce lately, her absence noticed by everyone. Even Elron had felt her distance. Whatever she had been up to, I noticed she had a haunted look about her. Was it the baby? 
“What have you been up to? We hardly see you, Bet. Are you well?” She continued to stare somewhere in the distance. Met with silence, I was surprised when she finally spoke.
“I’m fine. Just have a lot on my mind.” Her words were almost smothered by the deep exhale that escaped her. “Alexa, can you help me with something? I need you not to tell Aidan or anyone else.” She still had not looked at me, the side of her face hidden by her heavy curls. 
“There’s not much I can hide from Aidan, you know that. But I’ll try to help anyway I can. What’s going on?” She finally looked at me, a crease of worry on her forehead. 
“Come with me.” She stood without waiting for an answer and walked into the house. I followed her up the stairs and into her room. She closed the door, motioning me to a seat by the window. Sitting, I waited for what she needed from me. Her anxious look, the way she was pacing back and forth, had me worried. I was getting a bad feeling that whatever she wanted was not a good thing. 
“Someone has contacted me and I don’t know what to do. This person told me my mom is in danger and that we have to go save her before it’s too late.” Her words rushed out, she rubbed her hands up and down her legs. 
“Who was it?” I was not liking this at all. Bet was too volatile when it came to her mother. She had already placed us in danger once. 
“I can’t say. They said it would be dangerous to them.” She had stopped and was looking at me.
“Bet, it could be a trap. Whoever this person is, they may be using you.” 
“I know that, but there must be something we can do. Something you can see.” She pleaded with me. 
“I don’t know what I can do. There’s been nothing in my visions of your mother. We need to tell your father and the others. They may be able to help more than I can.” This only made her more anxious, her pacing started up again.
“We can’t. Please, try to see. You are a seer, you must be able to see her. Why are you holding back?” She accused me. I rose from my seat to step in front of her. There was nothing I could do. My visions did not work that way. 
“I can’t control them. If I could, I would help. You know that. My mother would be better able to help in this. We have to tell the others.” Her reaction was to step away from me, rush to open the door and run. I opened my mind, calling out to Aidan. Bet needed to be handled. She was liable to take off and put herself and us at risk. 
I left her room, seeing her nowhere in sight. I walked down the stairs as Aidan and Liam walked through the door. Aidan stopped, waiting for me to reach him. Letting him and Liam know what had occurred, he swore and called out for Elron. We all walked into the living room waiting for him. 
Asher appeared with Rider and my mother, followed by Elron, who looked at us for an explanation. As I related the events, Elron looked ready to take off to find Bet. Asher stopped him, holding him back before he could leave the room. 
“She’s by the lake. I need to speak with all of you first. Alexa, you need to know some things we’ve found in the library. Bet doesn’t know this and I’m afraid it will only make her more anxious about her mother. It seems there are some things about my wife that even I didn’t know about.” 
Now what? I thought. Is this what he wanted to see me about? Aidan’s thoughts assured me it was. I glanced at him, but he avoided my look. We followed Asher to the library where he had us all sit around the table. He took a seat facing all of us. It looked like Liam and I were the only ones out of the loop. 
“We found a record from our courts. It was from before I met my wife. In it, it mentions the birth of a son, to the queen, before Aidan was born.” Startled at his words, I looked at Aidan who was staring straight ahead. 
“This child came from a union between the queen and Elsam.” He dropped the statement, causing Liam to jump. Asher held up his hand for him to wait. There was more.
“Your mother never mentioned this child to me or anything about her liaison with Elsam. She must have realized she was pregnant after Elsam had been imprisoned. She placed the child with her best friend and confidant, Vanya, who raised him as her own. I am not sure if Elsam knows of this child, and I have found no record yet of the boy’s name or where he is today. Vanya hid him from court.” Asher looked disheartened with the news. His wife had held many secrets from him it seemed. 
I felt a shift in the air, my eyes glazing, the room and voices fading away from me. I stood in a room, white marble columns rising into the air, empty except for a gold-framed throne in the far center. Fog drifted around, swirling across the floor, voices reached my ears. There were two men in the room. One I could make out was Elsam. The other’s back was to me. Elsam rested his hand on the man’s shoulder. His voice held affection as he spoke. 
“It will all be yours one day, my son. Every corner above and below yours to command.” He looked away from the man and his eyes found mine. Shock showed on his face, making the other turn to see what Elsam was looking at. Before I could see the face of the son Elsam was talking to, the images faded, drifted away.
Hands held my face, the contact bringing me back to awareness. Aidan was on his knees in front of me, his mind probing mine, sharing the vision I had seen. My hand covered his where it lay on my face. I could feel what he was feeling, having a brother he knew nothing about, the lies he was discovering his mother told and the worry of how Bet would react. He came up off his knees and sat beside me, his hand holding onto mine. 
Aidan described the vision for me, the knowledge that Elsam was with his son and was a part of his plans. I wished I had seen his face. His hair was the same color as his father’s, the build similar although he was slightly shorter. 
Liam had fallen quiet, lost in his thoughts. The only thing showing his anger was the way he was flipping his blade in his hand. I knew he wished he had some target to throw it at. Feeling my eyes on him, he looked at me knowing I could see what he was going through. His eyes strayed to Aidan. Sadness filled him as he looked at his older brother. Their whole life was a lie made up by their mother.
“Elron, go get Elisabet and bring her to the library. I will be waiting here.” Asher looked like a man whose world had fallen apart. Elron, who had been standing waiting for a chance to go to Bet, left us in the silence that had descended. 
Elsam was with his son, planning who knew what. The only thing we knew that he did not was he had another child out there. One that would hopefully help our side. The urgency to find this child was growing. My parents excused themselves. My mother gave me a final look before exiting the room. Her head tilted to draw my attention to Aidan, who had fallen silent beside me. I lightly touched his shoulder so he could follow me somewhere private. We made our way towards the main room.
Elron returned with Bet, ushering her towards the library. The glare she gave me let me know she was very angry with me. She held herself stiffly as she walked out of view; Elron’s face a mask of stone.
“This sucks big time.” Liam broke the silence, as he came to stand next to us. “If mother were here I think I would hit her.”
“You would have to stand in line.” Aidan told him grimly. His emotions were all over the place, as he stood and walked around the room. Wanting to comfort him, I reached into his mind, letting him know I was there for him. I saw his face soften, the tension easing out of his muscles. 
Liam took a few steps towards his brother, touching his arm.
“I’m going to find Rina. She was working on something in the woods. I’ll fill her in and join you later.” His mention of Rina still managed to irk me, but it held less of a sting than it used to. I was not heartbroken any longer. 
“I have an older brother.” I heard Aidan whisper. I went to him, wrapped my arms around him, trying to offer what little comfort I could. The ease with which I was able to do this, was not lost on me. I was being drawn to Aidan. 
The sound of a slamming door broke us apart. Bet raced by in the hallway, out the door, her sobs following her. Elron appeared seconds later running out after her. Aidan went to follow, but I held him back. This was something only Elron could help her with.
“She needs someone other than family right now. You will only remind her of all the lies.” 
Elron reappeared at the door looking panicked.
“She’s gone. I couldn’t stop her.” 

Chapter 47 - Alexa

Bet’s disappearance and where she might have gone sat heavy with everyone over the following days. Elron wanted to leave to find her, but remained only after Aidan promised they would help once the forthcoming attack was dealt with. Knowing we needed his help, he stayed, but the continued worry over Bet was interfering with his focus. His mood alternated between anger and cool silence. Liam had taken to accompanying him everywhere he went, training exclusively with him. Their matches were fierce and out of control. They barely escaped serious injuries. 
Asher stayed in the library with my parents, researching and documenting anything of relevance. He was absent at night during dinner, taking his meals surrounded by the books he was studying. My mother was worried about him. I found her often with my father, discussing Asher and how to help him. Asher’s emotions had always been difficult for me to feel, but it seemed like he had receded so far into himself that I felt nothing at all.
Deep in the woods, Rina was doing some experiments neither she nor Liam would tell us about. Their ongoing involvement no longer caused me any discomfort. Whatever I felt for Liam had receded. In its place, I found myself growing closer to Aidan. He offered me a shelter from all that was going on around us. Whenever I inquired what Rina was up to, Liam would change the subject. He hid his thoughts from me expertly. I was forbidden to take any steps into the woods to find her. She would appear near dinner time covered in leaves or dirt. Her eyes sparkled at Liam. She found any excuse to touch him. I was beginning to realize what I had felt for him was a reaction to my bond with Aidan. 
As for me, I was still struggling with my powers and with my feelings for Aidan. When attacked, my instincts took over. My defenses were instantaneous. In contrast, I had practically no control to summon anything out of will. I tried the exercises Liam had shown me with no success. Aidan would try to assure me it would come in time, but time was not on our side. I knew he was concerned, fearful for me and what we would face. He stamped down his emotions about his mother, Bet and the knowledge of his new brother. He hid them well during the day while he helped me train. Under the shield he had placed on his mind, I felt none of the churning of anger, betrayal and hurt. But at night, in bed, in his sleep, dreams overtook him, causing sleepless nights for me. His emotions rolled off him, swamping me with their ferocity. They invaded my mind, showing me all he hid during the day.
Aidan had been called in to the library by Asher, which left me sitting alone in our grand room, staring at a stone I had picked up from outside. Flat and smooth, its size no bigger than an old half-dollar, I flipped it around between my fingers. Its black shiny surface reflected my image back to me. The past two days had been difficult. Everyone was on edge, waiting on alert. They waited for me to have another vision. There had been none. There was nothing I could add to be of any use. 
Hearing footsteps in the hallway, I looked up to see Elron walk into the room. I put the stone in my pocket, watching as he came nearer to take a seat in front of me. Waiting for him to speak, I noticed the deep shadows under his eyes, the defeated look that surrounded him. I knew him as the strong and silent one, only speaking when he had something to share. His thoughts were kept away from me, his efforts to block me powerful and controlled. Eyes focused somewhere over my shoulder, I waited for him to speak, knowing he would not have sought me out just to keep me company.
“I don’t feel her anymore.” Was all he said. Bet must be further away than he could sense.
“She’s fine. You know she is careful.” I tried to reassure him. 
“I don’t know and neither do you. She goes off, putting herself in danger, putting our child’s life in danger, with no thought to anyone else.” His anger surfaced, shocking me with its intensity. I did not know what to do to help him. Bet kept doing this to him, keeping him out, not thinking of how her actions affected him. 
“I know she loves you. She’ll be back.” My remark caused him to stand and wave his hand, dismissing my comment. He turned towards the door and took a few steps before stopping.
“I’ve made a decision.” His back was to me, but I could tell he was struggling emotionally. “I will stay until after the full moon. After that, I will go home. I haven’t seen my family in over a year and I need to make sure Tory made it back. I haven’t had any word from him”
“What about Bet?” This was worse than I thought. He slowly turned to face me, letting me into his mind to feel everything he was feeling. The pain, the anguish, the burning anger slammed into me. As quickly as it came, I felt it recede, the block back in place.
“Bet has made her choice. I have to do what I must.” He left me, striding out, his final words said with a firm conviction. 
I pressed my hands to my face, rubbing my closed eyes, feeling at a loss over what I could do to help him. If Bet were in front of me, she would have received a tongue lashing for her insensitivity. 
“Not doing well is he?” Liam leaned on the door frame, his arms crossed, looking at me.
“I wish I could do something, anything for him.” 
“Finding my sister and giving her a major smack down might help.” 
He left the doorway and was walking casually around the room. 
“She’s always been this way. She jumps in with no thought to anything but her impulses. Elron is right to be pissed, to want to get away. She may find things vastly changed this time, when she comes back. I think this was the final straw.” His words did nothing to reassure me. I felt things were falling apart.
“What about you, Liam? Are you worried about your mother? We haven’t heard anything from her for quite some time.” 
“My mother and I have always had a strange relationship. Her being silent where I’m concerned is nothing new. She could be anywhere. Bet takes after her in some ways. All we’ve been learning is surprising, but not much of a shock to me.” 
He stopped in front of the fireplace, his hand rested lightly on the mantel. As much as he tried to look unaffected, I could see beneath the careful construct he had built around him. He was just as angry as Elron.
“I’m worried about your father. This has been a devastating blow to him. I can’t read him, but after everything he’s gone through, he must be just as angry. My mother can’t reach him. He’s barricaded himself in the library, he hardly eats, he never leaves the room.” 
“Locked in a statue, having your wife cavorting with an impostor, seeing your life become a lie will do that to a person. My father is strong, he will bounce back. When we will need him he will be there beside us. I would be more worried about Aidan. He is keeping everything bottled up. He is liable to explode.” 
I agreed with him. Aidan was holding everything in. My attempts to get him to talk about how he was feeling were met with silence. He deflected any questions I asked. I told Liam about Aidan’s dreams, how in his sleep the walls he held in place during the day crashed and sent his agony through me. He listened to me, his face showing his worry at what I was saying. 
“I don’t know how to help him.” I finished.
“You are doing all you can. Aidan has always had a lot to deal with. Our mother has pushed him through the years, expecting more from him than any person would be capable of. His whole life has been planned, his existence controlled by her. She manipulated and influenced his every move. You coming into his life has brought him an awareness of what she was doing to him. My mother is not very pleased with the influence you have over Aidan. For the first time I see in him an understanding, how he has his own path in life. He will speak of what he’s going through when he is ready.” I could picture a young Aidan, being pushed by Eliana, the pressure of trying to live up to her expectations. My heart ached for him. 
“I wish I could take away all this pain everyone is going through.” I ached for all of them. Sighing, he walked over to me and sat next to me on the sofa.
“Our hardships are what make us who we are.” He leaned back resting his head on the back of the sofa. We sat side by side, each looking ahead.
“When did you become so philosophical?” I teased him to lighten the mood.
“Alexa, I am wise beyond my years.” He smirked in response. He took my hand, enfolding it in both of his, turning to face me.
“I am glad Aidan found you. You are exactly what he needs, what we all need. I will do all I can for both of you.” The earnest look on his face brought tears to my eyes. Liam was, well, he was Liam. Loyal, brave, teasing, boyish, he exuded his warmth and affection. I was glad we could still be friends. He had been right, we were not meant to be together. He belonged with Rina. She made him happy.
“Thank-you, Liam. I am just as fond of you. You’re everything I could have wished for in a brother.” The realization I was really over him washed over me. 
I leaned in and gave him a hug, planting a kiss on his cheek. Still holding my hand, we separated and settled back into the sofa, resuming our positions. 
“Enough, we need a break from this stress. Let’s get Aidan. Rina wants to show you both what she has been working on. That’s what I had come to tell you before we got sidetracked in this maudlin discussion.” 
His enthusiasm had him dragging me to my feet, pulling me along with him out to the corridor. I laughed for the first time in a long while, his hands pushing my back while I walked in front of him. 
Liam opened the door to the library. He waited as I walked in, entering after me. Asher’s voice could be heard from behind a bookcase. Hidden from view, he sounded excited about something. We followed the sound around several bookcases and found Asher holding an open book, pointing to something. Aidan was leaning, looking over his father’s shoulder. They both stopped and watched us as we came nearer. 
“Good, you’re both here. I found something. It’s amazing how we could have missed this.” Asher waved us over.
“Father, let’s take this to the table. It’s too crowded for us here.” Aidan interrupted whatever else Asher was going to say. The aisle we were in was tight. Asher was already halfway back to the reading area before he called after us.
“Right, right. Come on, everyone.”
Liam and I exchanged a look, wondering if his father had lost it. We both turned to Aidan, who shrugged his shoulders in response and followed after his father. Liam took off after them, leaving me between the two bookcases. There were so many books stacked on the shelves, with many more lying on the floor. My eyes were drawn to one, the image drawn on it catching my attention. I picked it up, opening the page further, staring at what I was seeing. 
“Are you coming, Alexa?” Liam called out to me. Having nothing to mark the page, I folded the corner, closed it and held in across my chest. The book lay heavy in my arms as I walked to where they had gathered at a table. 
“See here. The text is faded, but you can still make it out.” Asher was saying.
Liam was bent over the page, reading what his father was pointing at. He rested his hands on the table, the book between them, leaning over the text. Aidan already aware of what it was, stood waiting for me as I came to stand beside him. Finished reading, Liam looked at his father, then returned to the page reading it again.
“What is it?” I asked. Liam held his hand up, silencing me as he concentrated on the passage. His eyes darted back and forth across the lines, a crease developing on his forehead. 
“How can this be?” He finally asked, looking up first to his father and then Aidan. 
“We’re not sure. But it is very interesting isn’t it?” Aidan spoke. The writing was in the Sidhe language, leaving me waiting for an explanation. 
“What? Can someone explain?” My patience was wearing thin. 
“Sit. We’ll go over it with you.” Aidan held out a chair for me. 
“This is a record of Meredith. There is more to her than we thought.” Aidan stopped, looking at me, leaving me wondering what more was coming my way. Seeing my look, he took a chair and placed it next to me, sitting down. 
“Meredith lived a long life, longer than should have been possible if she was just a witch. Her date of birth is listed here as being over one thousand years before Elsam captured her and made her his prisoner. Before living in the highlands, she had lived in various places. She stayed long enough to live a human lifetime before moving to another location and starting over. Her origins are unclear, but the furthest back we have is her time in Mesopotamia. There she was looked upon as a great seer, kings would seek her out for her visions before battle. In that time, she went by the name of Ria. She is not mentioned in any historical record as being one of the seers of that time. The book associates her with the ancients.” Aidan paused, looking to his father to continue. 
“Yes, there is not much known about the ancients. Myths and legends really.” Asher took over, his head lowered over the book, turning a page. He concentrated on some writing, his finger underlining the line he was reading.
“The ancients were known seers able to predict the future and advise the rulers of the time, influence them really, into where they foresaw the future needed to go. From what I am reading, they were much more than that. If I remember my history correctly, the ancients were also known as seekers. Seekers were gatherers of knowledge. They were solitary figures, traveling, learning, unseen by humans, but their influence was immense. From this book, if the writing is accurate, ancients precede any known written history.” Asher looked up from the book, his eyes wide looking around at each of us.
“Father, the legends, do you remember anything about them? You used to tell me stories when I was young, but I don’t remember them clearly.” Liam had sat down facing me. He was looking at his father.
“Protectors of the living and guiders of the dead to the underworld. Stories tell of them being present in great battles, where the odds were against the side of right, their use of the elements, their power turning the tide to victory. Then there are the myths associating them with the underworld, where the fallen in battle were guided to the land of light, where they wait to return. When the world will need them again, for the great battle coming, the ancients will open the gates and let them through. It was so long ago, before my time. I think there are still books somewhere in here that speak of them. There were prophecies as well if I remember correctly.”
Asher’s attention had shifted to the bookcases, scanning them for any books within sight. I was trying to assimilate all that had been said. My focus went to the book that sat in my lap, its importance coalescing. I opened the book to the page I had marked and placed it on the table. Aidan noticed the book first, his expression mirroring mine from when I had glimpsed the picture. With narrowed eyes, he bent closer to get a better look. He drew in a ragged breath drawing Liam’s eyes to the table. Liam stood to see what Aidan was looking at, his own reaction making the hairs on the back of my neck stand up. 
Liam looked at me, then back at the picture. Silence filled the room, the picture held us captive. Asher had left us, not realizing what was going on, lost in his search for books. My gaze was glued to the picture. A scene was carefully created, the beauty of the colors and details spellbinding. In the center stood a woman, dressed in a red flowing robe, looking like a figure out of roman times. She stood on a rock in the middle of what looked like a lake or river. The blue water appeared to be boiling, foaming white waves crushing around her. She held a shield on her left arm, her right brandished a sword. All around her, rising from beneath the foam, men dressed in armor rose from beneath the depths. They held swords, axes and spears. The rising tide of warriors emerged, some full-bodied, while others were still submerged under the cascading waters. 
Tracing my finger over the woman’s features, a shiver ran up my spine. Her eyes shone, the ice steel color jumping off the page, boring into mine. Aidan’s fingers grasped mine, a slight tremble in them letting me know how affected he was. 
“What does it mean?” Liam’s voice held fear in it.
Whatever it meant, there was more here than we knew. I looked back at the picture, my face staring back at me, I felt blackness come over me, Aidan’s voice calling my name was the last thing I heard before I lost consciousness.

Chapter 48 - Alexa

I was caught between awareness and a veil of dark covered clouds. Someone was calling my name. There was a soft pressure on my wrist, the feeling of being blanketed by warmth. I hesitated to respond. As a sense of calm enveloped me, I hugged the feeling around me, my mind free of thoughts and worries. Everything fell away, leaving me alone in that safe haven. Within the shelter a presence begged my awareness, the whisper of a voice drawing me towards it. A form took shape, gray eyes, a bridge of a nose, lips the color of rubies, the face so much like mine, staring back at me. A smile formed, her eyes lovingly caressing me while she spoke.
Waited so long. The time is almost here. You are more than I had ever hoped for. You have been blessed by the gods, my sweet Alexa.  
I wanted to ask who she was, what she meant, but her image started to fade. 
I will come when you need me. Her words followed her disappearance, the blackness surrounding me lifted, letting in light. Aidan’s worried voice called to me, his gentle hands framing my face led me back to him. This was becoming a habit. Passing out, finding myself in his arms, his worried gaze meeting mine once I regained consciousness was also getting tiresome.
My eyes slowly lifted, seeing his face inches from mine, his emotions sounding like thunder. I lifted my hand to his cheek, my lips curving up, I let him know I was fine. He sighed, closing his eyes. Taking in my surroundings, I found we were still in the library. I had been sitting in the chair next to the desk, but found I was being held in Aidan’s arms, lying across his lap while he sat on the floor. His back was against the wall. He cradled me against his chest, worry lines creasing his brow. I smoothed them out with my fingers, my eyes never leaving his. He gathered me closer to his chest, his hand cradling my head.
I let him hold me, feeling his heartbeat slow back to normal. His muscles relaxed, his breath on my neck lost its raggedness. Somewhere in the house a door banged, running footsteps sounded. Placing my hands on Aidan’s arms, I gently disentangled myself from his embrace and made to get up. In a flash I was placed on my feet, his quick assured movement surprising me. Still keeping his arm around my waist, he supported me to a chair where he placed me on its seat. 
“Where is everyone?” The library was empty. Liam and Asher were no longer with us. Aidan sat on the table facing me, he pulled my chair with me on it bringing me between his legs. Imprisoned there, his feet resting each side of me, I stared up at him.
“They went to look for your mother.” He answered my question, then asked one of his own. “Did she tell you who she is?”
So, he had seen her too, had felt her but not heard anything. Her words came back to me, their meaning lost, unclear. I felt my mother at the door with Liam and Asher behind her. She was beside me before I could turn around. Touching my shoulder, she peered into my soul, her clear blue eyes clouding at what she saw.
“The goddess herself has made an appearance. Where is the book?” Her calm voice filled the room. Aidan pulled the still open book towards us, everyone crowded around to view the image. Mom bent down to study it. She held her hand over the page, palm down, her magic pulling at the mysterious rendering. The picture came to life, lifted off the page and hovered above the table. Three dimensional, it swiveled around, words that had previously been invisible rose from the page and came to join it. The writing formed a circle around the projection, stopping as the words faced us. 
“Rhea.” My mother whispered. She looked back at me, the depth of her worry scaring me.
“What does it say?” Aidan broke into her study of me, asking what all of us wanted to know. Returning to the words in front of us, she read them out loud.
“The final battle. One will heal the worlds.”
Asher was the first to comment, his voice breaking into the silence that followed.
“It can’t be. These are myths, stories we tell our children.”
“Yes, and myths and legends have some basis in reality.” My mother replied. She let the image fall, let it join the blank page below. I had kept quiet hoping to be given some information that would help me understand. 
“Mom, what does this all mean?” 
“I’m not sure, Alexa. Did she communicate with you?” 
I related the words she had spoken. They made no sense to me. 
“Who is this woman? Why does she have my face?” I looked at the replica of myself, the book shimmering with expended magic. Instead of getting an answer, she called a meeting in the living room. She wanted everyone present. Liam took off to find Rina, while Asher said he would get Elron. My mother closed the book, putting the picture out of view. She picked it up, held it under one arm and went in search of my father. Left alone with Aidan, I pushed away from the table and stood. My head swam, dizziness made me stumble. Aidan placed an arm beneath my knees, the other around my back to lift me. My head rested comfortably on his shoulder. The room stopped its spinning as he carried me effortlessly out of the room and into the living room. He sat down on a settee with me on his lap. He made no move to let me go. I put up no resistance to being in such an intimate position. My head rested against his chest. I breathed in his scent, closing my eyes at how wonderful he smelled. 
“You need rest. After this I will take you to your room.” He murmured in my ear.
“I think I just need to eat something. You don’t happen to have a donut on you?” I laughed, causing his chest to rise and fall as he joined in my teasing. 
When everyone had gathered and seated themselves, Aidan lifted me off him and set me down next to him. At the loss of his arms around me, I shivered at the room’s coldness. Aidan placed a throw around me while my mother lit the fireplace with a flick of her wrist. Snuggling into Aidan’s side for further warmth, my mother started speaking.
“I will need Asher and you too Rider to fill in the gaps.” She patted my dad’s thigh next to her, and nodded to Asher facing her.
“As legends go, this one runs through time with different names, variations and endings. I have been negligent in not giving Alexa our history, stories of who and what we are. I thought the past was not important, that I had time for what was to come. Our lineage has been traced back to Meredith, but it goes further back. From what Asher and I have pieced together, Meredith lived her last years as a mortal witch, but mortal was not what she was. She chose to leave this plane, to return back to her people after a long lonely life, alone away from all of her kind.” She held up her hand to stop my questions.
“Let me continue. The goddess was tasked to oversee this world. She guided our path, made sure we evolved and gave us all the earthly riches she was capable of. Her life began at the first spark of the earth forming; her power formed the land and waters. She made the plants, trees and flowers bloom. When humans were put on her world, she protected us with bounties or punished us with famine, doling out her justice on all that harmed her creation. As wars were fought, she offered her protection to the unfortunate ones. She has many names, Mother Earth, Gaia, Cybele, Erecura. She has existed in ancient Greece, Rome, the old continent of Europe and followed into the British Isles and the Americas. Her followers have spanned every continent; even today there are those who worship her. Mother Earth had many children, Rhea was one. Rhea loved to walk the earth and mix with the people. She was known to have had many children with mortals. One of these children was named after her, Ria, also going by the name Meredith.” Speechless I waited for her to catch her breath, for her to continue.
“The picture of her in this book,” she pointed to the book she had placed on the coffee table in front of her, “it calls to mind a legend of the Norse, where she went by the name of Freya. Her names are associated with the earth goddesses of the time, but the Norse bestowed upon her many more attributes. Fate, destiny, love, beauty, war, their goddess stood for all these. She ruled over the souls of the dead, choosing the strongest among the fallen to serve her or to wait in slumber, until she would call them back when needed in battle.” She opened the book, bringing the page holding the picture back into view.
“This is Freya. The warriors rising to battle, the final battle to win justice, to rid the earth of those who harm her creation, finally brought awake to defend her. She looks like you because her blood runs in your veins. When Meredith foresaw what was to come, she gave birth to a child who would have all her gifts to pass down the centuries. But she did more than that. She chose as the father of her child another with almost equal powers as hers. Her chosen was also a descendant of gods, being himself a son produced from a god and human. His strength and beauty were much sought after. After her son was born, she raised him to adulthood away from Scotland, returning to the island of Crete where she had originally lived. Once he was old enough, she left this world, returning to her mother’s side.” 
“From what I was taught, Rhea was called back by Gaia because her actions in creating a child had angered her mother.” Asher added.
“There are many versions of the tale. We can’t be certain of anything.” She answered him. 
“Whatever the differences, I don’t think it’s a coincidence that all these signs keep coming up.” Rider spoke. “From Alexa exhibiting her powers early, the link with Aidan, the signs of their joining showing up in books, to the transformation she has gone through since her birthday, these are all pointing to something bigger than a crystal lost in time.” 
“I have felt more in Alexa than a witch’s power. She has an aura that is difficult to read.” Rina had her head tilted to the side, studying me. The tree nymph could see the merging of colors as they spun around and through me. 
“She has been able to find Deis-dé on her own, can read our thoughts, whatever we throw at her she learns with little difficulty. We have no idea how much power she actually possesses.” Liam added. Elron had been quietly listening, his eyes going back and forth between me and Aidan. He had a question, but was wary to ask it. I prodded his mind, asking him to voice it. Startled, he gave me a look to back off, deciding on his own it was something that needed voicing.
“Do we know Aidan’s ancestry? Asher do you know where your lineage begins?” Elron’s question had everyone looking at Asher for an answer. Asher thought before answering.
“From my side, I can trace back more than two thousand years. Eliana would have to answer for herself. What are you thinking?” Asher was curious about what Elron was searching for.
“It just seems to me the bond between them is more than what we usually go through.” Elron explained. I felt Aidan’s thoughts asking me to wait. This was something he had wondered about also. His need for me to be near was more than he had been told about the bonds between mates.
“Before Eliana blocked the passage between our worlds, we roamed freely among the humans. Our family tree can be traced back to Roman times. I’m not sure what you are seeking?” Asher asked Elron. Elron took time in choosing his words. 
“Could Meredith’s lover have fathered a child from your side?” He asked, carefully. We waited for Asher to respond. His gaze sought my mother’s, as if waiting for her to answer.
“Meredith’s child was fathered by Rydel. Is he of your blood as well, Asher?” My mother pressed for an answer. Asher seemed shocked by her statement. His eyes flew to Aidan, then to me.
“We are descended from Rydel. He fathered a child with our queen Alissa over two thousand years ago. That means that Alexa and Aidan have ancestry between them. Lines long forgotten, that makes no difference today, but may have awakened something. We need to find out more. This is no coincidence. There are powers beyond our understanding at play here.” He finished, looking at my mother.
“Would Eliana know of this?” Rider asked.
“My wife would have to answer you. I haven’t seen her in centuries.” Asher’s face showed his anger with his wife’s absence. 
“I still don’t know what this means.” I drew their attention to me.
“It means Meredith made sure you and Aidan would be joined. That is the only thing that makes sense.” My mother answered me.
“Why then does Alexa not return my feelings?” Aidan wanted to know. 
“I’m not sure, but it might be her human side. She may not be fully bonded yet.” The answer brought a frown to his face. It surprised me he did not notice how my feelings for him were changing. Was he unaware of the sudden attraction I felt for him?
“Asher, I will join you in the library. We may be able to find more from the records.” My mother stood, followed by Rider and Asher. She squeezed my hand as she went by, leaning down to whisper to me.
“Be strong, stay with Aidan and listen to what he has to say.” 
They left the room, leaving us alone with Elron, Liam and Rina. Lost in my thoughts, I heard Aidan’s voice in my head. You look exhausted and need rest, but first Liam and Rina have something to show us. 
Liam and Rina had their heads together whispering. Elron was looking at them, shaking his head. Aidan interrupted their discussion.
“Liam, what is it you wish to tell us?”
At Aidan’s prodding, he faced us, leaning forward in his chair. 
“Rina has been searching the area around the estate. She remembered hearing something during the meeting that happened before we arrived. Before we tell you, I have a question.” His intense stare focused on me, making me nervous.
“Alexa, did my mother ever give you anything?” I thought back to the few times I had been in Eliana’s presence, but I could not think of anything she had given me. We had few occasions to be alone. 
“No, she hasn’t given anything to me. Why do you ask?”
“During the meeting, one of the men commented you had something in your possession that would help them keep track of your whereabouts. I need you to think. It could be something really small. Maybe you’re not aware of it.” Aside from being alone with her when I first met her, I had no clue what it might be. I shook my head, indicating I had nothing.
“Come with us, it’s not far.”

Chapter 49 - Alexa

We followed Rina and Liam through the woods, picking our way carefully through the branches and shrubs. Aidan was still lost in his thoughts, blocking me from hearing them. I was at a loss what I could do to help him. Somehow I had to get him to talk to me, let me know what he was going through. I slowed my steps to be next to him, drawing closer to his side. In front of us, the others had stepped out into a clearing. Aidan stopped, suddenly turning to face me. 
Stop worrying, Alexa. I’m fine. I just need to work this out myself. 
His thoughts filled my head, but his smile seemed forced when I looked at him. Taking my hand, he led me out to a clearing. Rina was standing alone in the center of the space we found ourselves in. Liam was waiting off to the side. We went to join him, our eyes on Rina, who stood waiting for something. Her own eyes were gazing up at the sky. She lifted her arms, raising them above her head, whispering words under her breath.
All around her the leaves that were lying on the ground rose, swirling around her. As the wind picked up, I felt a presence coming from above us. It descended slowly, its peaceful energy made me relax, feeling no danger from whatever it was. Aidan tensed beside me, gazing up towards what was coming down to us. My hand touched his arm to still him. Liam only had eyes for Rina. 
As the presence neared, Rina lowered her arms and stood waiting. A glowing white light neared us, settling in front of Rina. It wavered in intensity, the light changing shape to form the outline of a person. Slowly, the light gave way, exposing the person within it.
“Thank-you for coming.” Rina spoke to the woman who had appeared. “We need your help.”
“What is it you need, daughter?” The woman spoke. A soft light was being emitted all around the woman, holding her in a kind of energy. 
“Alexa needs to speak with Ria. Is there a way to get a message to her?” Rina asked the woman. 
The woman turned and looked at me. Her face was smooth, translucent. I had a feeling I was looking into the eyes of a goddess. Was this Rina’s real mother?
“Yes, Rina is one of my children.” She answered my unspoken question. “Ria did well by you. You are truly what she had foreseen.”
Her eyes landed on Aidan, who was looking at her in awe. She smiled at him, tilting her head to the side as she read him. Aidan flinched at being invaded by her.
“Don’t worry. I mean you no harm. I was just curious to see your strength. You are a well-made match for each other.” Her eyes returned to Rina.
“What you are asking for has not been done in centuries. Ria left this land for a reason. I do not know if she will return.” 
“Mother, we need her guidance. Alexa needs to know what she is to do. There is no one here to help us. I already feel the darkness starting to envelope this land. There are forces here that Ria did not know about. There must be some way to get her to come.” Rina implored her mother.
“Yes, I see it too. There has been a change. I will see what I can do, but I cannot promise anything. Ria has not been seen for so long.” She turned and walked towards me. Stopping in front of me, she reached behind my ear near the nape of my neck. I felt a strand like a string being pulled from beneath my skin. Her fingers came back into view, holding a thin bluish thread. She blew on it and it vanished from sight.
“Your mother is fearful of what is to come. Her trust is to be questioned. She is working at cross purposes to what you need to do.” She spoke to Aidan and Liam. “Her faith has been shaken.”
“What was that thread?” I asked her.
“A tracking device. You no longer need worry about it.” She returned to stand in front of Rina.
“I will be in touch. It was nice to see you again, daughter. It’s been too long. Be safe.” Her appearance faded, replaced by the white light again. It floated up and away out of sight.
Would I really be able to meet Ria, or as I knew her, Meredith? I was hopeful she would agree to see me. I was excited at the prospect. She was my ancestor. How cool would that be? Rina walked up to join us, smiling at my excitement.
“Is this what you had been working on? Liam told me you were doing something in the forest.” I asked her.
“Yes. I wasn’t sure if she would come. I had been trying to get through to her for a few weeks now. I was surprised to get her message this morning.” Rina answered me. 
“And the tracking device. How did you know about that?” Aidan wanted to know.
“I only recently remembered the conversation I overheard. I needed to be sure before mentioning it.” She explained, shrugging her shoulders. 
“I wonder if it was really your mother who placed it there. I don’t remember her being that close to me, to be able to place it. Wouldn’t I have felt it?” I wanted to know how she could have managed it.
“Anything is possible.” Liam spoke up.
“Let’s head back to the house. See if they found anything else in the library. The moon will be full tonight. We need to be ready for anything.” Aidan led us back through the woods.
Inside, the house was all quiet. The four of us walked to the library, entering to find Asher bent over more books. From his frustrated expression it was clear he had found nothing new. My parents were nowhere in sight. Another day was almost over and we were no closer to finding out what we should do. Leaving Asher mumbling to himself, we returned to the garden outside. I sat on the bench, thinking over all I had learned. 
Somehow, I was a descendant of a half-goddess, an immortal. That in itself was amazing. Elsam had another descendant out there he knew nothing about. We needed that person to help us complete the prophesy. Eliana was missing and Bet along with her. Elron was threatening to leave us. Asher was lost to us, the library completely becoming his mission. My parents were offering limited help. On top of that, sometime soon we would be under attack. Rina and Liam were our strongest supporters now. 
Don’t forget me. I heard Aidan in my head.
I laughed at his feeling left out. 
Are you really worried I would forget about you? From the beginning, I have been told I need you. I teased him, glad to see his mood lighter. 
“Are you guys doing that silent talking again?” Liam broke into our moment. “We have things to discuss.”
“And what would those things be?” I asked him.
He grinned at me, standing facing me, his arms folded across his chest. A glint in his eyes told me he was planning something. I tried to read him, but he was blocking me. 
“I have an idea how we can locate my mother and Bet.” Liam informed me.

Chapter 50 - Alexa

I sat on my bed, alone in my room, fiddling with the little box my parents had given me for my birthday. Outside the window, the full moon cast enough light. In the darkened room, the little box’s gems sparkled slightly from the moon’s illumination. Somewhere outside, Aidan and Elron were patrolling the grounds. It was quiet, but I knew they were coming. I could feel them in the distance. The attack would happen in a few hours. 
The box was Liam’s idea. I had not thought about it as a way to locate Eliana and Bet. I should have. I pulled the clasp and slowly opened the lid. The inside was empty, as it had been when I received it. I hoped it would give me an image of where we could find them. Taking a deep breath, I relaxed and thought about Eliana. 
Where is Eliana? I concentrated my thoughts, bringing her face to mind. The box lay empty. Nothing formed to show me where she might be. Wherever she was, she was still lost to us. My mind turned to Bet, wondering if I would be able to find her. Where is Bet? I replaced Eliana’s image in my head with that of Bet. The inside of the box started to cloud over with a swirl of white. I gripped it tighter in my hand, looking inside, trying to make out what it was showing me.
The picture that formed filled me with worry. Bet sat alone in a room, tears spilling from her eyes. Her sobs tore at my heart. I tried to identify the room she was in. She was sitting cross-legged on a black leather couch. Her head rested on its back, as she stared towards the ceiling. Behind her I could make out bright light coming through the windows, making me sure of her location. 
What was she doing alone in Deis-dé? Why did she not come back to us? I wanted to call out to her, but she would not be able to hear me. Wait, I thought, maybe she could. I spoke her name. When I got no reaction, I tried a little louder. I guess it was too much to wish for. She continued crying, breaking my heart with the anguish I felt from her. Why was she so pained? 
A soft knock on the door brought my attention back to the room. The door opened a fraction; Liam’s head peaked through the space. I motioned for him to enter. From his expression, I knew he wanted to know if I had found something.
“I can’t find Eliana.” I told him, as he approached the bed, sitting down next to me.
“Bet is in Deis-dé. She’s been crying. Can we go to her?” I asked.
“We can’t yet. I wish we could, but we have to stay for tonight. Do you feel them coming? I’m sure they will come for us tonight.” Liam responded, frustrated we could not do anything about Bet.
“Where are the others?” I closed the lid, re-clasping it. I stood to place it on the bureau. 
“They’re keeping guard. Your mother has tried to put up a protection spell over the house. She’s not sure how much it will help.” He stood as well, heading for the door. Before leaving, he turned to face me. “Alexa, my sister is stubborn and impatient. When she is ready she will come back to us.”
“But will Elron be here when she does come back. I’m worried about them. He has been so angry. At the same time, he is in so much pain.” My comments had him nodding that he agreed.
“There’s not much we can do right now. We have more urgent things to take care of. Try to get some rest.” He closed the door behind him, leaving me alone again. 
Liam was right, there was nothing I could do at the moment. I hoped Bet would come back soon. Stepping to the window, I looked up at the sky, staring at how bright the full moon was. With my new senses, I could see clearly outside. The shadows thrown by the moonlight did not stop me from seeing the landscape as if it were daylight. It was too quiet. I could hear none of the normal evening sounds that should have been present. 
My eyes noticed a subtle movement in the shadows. They were here. I could make out no human presence. The shadows below moved eerily across the garden, their shapes taking on lifelike forms. I shivered as they rose to stand on what looked like legs. Why had I not seen them coming? How had my vision changed?
Aidan, they’re here. Watch out for the shadows. My mind found his easily to issue a warning. 
The door to my room opened. My mother burst into the room, her anxiety showing as she came towards me. Her eyes found mine, a panicked look in hers. She joined me at the window. I watched as the shadows came closer to the outer wall at the base of my window. They started to slowly rise, climbing up the wall. My mother grabbed my hand, pulling me from the room. In the hallway, she took us down the stairs towards the main room. 
“Shadow people. Why shadow people?” She murmured under her breath.
“What?” I asked her, as she continued pulling me into the main room. 
“They are using shadow people. They are souls of the damned, vicious and hard to kill.” My mother’s eyes scanned the room for any movement. 
“What should we do? Where is everyone else?” I was getting panicked by her reaction.
“Stay here. In the middle of the room. Don’t move. I’ll be back.” She ordered me. 
She took off towards the library, leaving me alone. I stood still, in the center of the room, feeling the walls close in on me. Where was Aidan and the others? He had not responded to me when I had reached out to warn him. I reached out to find him. I found him outside, near the fountain. He and Liam were surrounded my dark shadows. The shadows were boxing them in, the circle around them closing any chance of escape. They crawled closer. Aidan and Liam were back to back, their swords useless in their hands against their attackers. How do you fight something that has no body?
I scanned the room, looking for any shift in the shadows around me. The only protection I had was the blade Elron had given me, and that would be of no use. Around me, I saw drifting dark shapes move slowly across the floor. They were trying to box me in. My mother said these were souls of the damned. There had to be some way to kill them. I noticed they stayed away from any light that was in their way. Stepping closer to the lamp on one of the tables, I saw them pull back. So, light was harmful to them. 
I looked around the room at the lamps that were in my vicinity. Most were too far away for me to reach. The shadows took up the floor that lay between me and them. How could I flood the room with enough light to escape? I needed to help Aidan. 
The shadows crept closer to me, my knees pressed against the couch behind me. I stepped onto the couch, standing looking down at the writhing shapes as they closed in on me. What should I do? My mind tried to form a plan of action, some way to stop them.
Alexa, use your powers. Draw on electricity to form light. I heard Aidan in my mind offering a solution. Would I be able to create enough electric current to stop them? The shadows were now at the edge of the couch. I did not have time to worry about how much power I needed. I had to do something.
In my state of fear, I opened my mind to the elements, feeling their flow of energy. I pulled as much of the energy I could from around me, guiding it into what I needed. I felt the power enter me, the pulse of it strong and freeing. When I had as much of the energy I could control inside me, I let it explode out of me. Bluish white light burst from my body, encompassing me in its brilliance. 
The shadows nearest me vanished in the flare of light. I stepped off the couch, my body still surrounded by the energy of light I had created. As I walked towards the door, the light around me spread out, intensifying to cover the full room. Everywhere I walked, the shadows seemed to scream as they merged with the light. 
I pulled open the front door, stepping outside towards the fountain where Aidan was. Liam lay on the ground. I hoped he was only unconscious. As I walked steadily towards them, what remained of the shadows faded into nothingness. The whole area around me looked like the sun had come up. Aidan was looking at me with a crooked smile on his face. I could tell he was impressed at my show. I winked at him before bending down to look at Liam. He was not moving, his eyes closed. Aidan joined me, studying his brother, trying to get him to respond.
“What happened to him?” I asked Aidan.
“One of the shadows touched him. He screamed in pain and then collapsed.” He explained.
“Let’s get him inside.” I tried to grab his legs, the pulse of energy around me giving a shock where I touched Liam.
“Maybe you should let go of the energy. We don’t want to electrocute him as well.” Aidan had kept a few feet of distance between us.
I nodded my head at him, letting go of the elements I was still controlling. The light faded, the darkness returning to envelope us. Looking around, I saw no shadows moving. Grabbing onto Liam’s legs while Aidan lifted from under Liam’s shoulders, we carried him into the house, placing him on the couch. 
Rina ran into the room immediately going to Liam’s side. She sat on the floor grabbing onto one of his hands. Liam still lay immobile on the couch. She looked at us for an answer, but we had none to offer. Asher, my mom and Rider walked into the room. Asher looked stricken at seeing his son on the couch. 
“What happened to him?” Asher asked.
Aidan explained how Liam had been touched by one of the shadows. My mother moved closer to Liam, stepping around Rina. She put her hand on Liam’s forehead. I focused on her face for any hint of what she was sensing. She gave no indication of what his essence was revealing to her. We waited in silence for her to tell us what she was finding. I was starting to tremble from the aftermath of the attack. Aidan pulled me to him, wrapping his arms around me. I instantly felt calmer. 
“I feel a tendril of darkness still in him. He is trying to fight it.” My mother removed her hand from Liam’s forehead.
“Will he recover?” Rina wanted to know.
My mother’s eyes sought mine, worry showing in them. She stepped away from Liam, giving Rina room to get closer to him. I looked around the room at everyone. Scanning the room, I moved away from Aidan, searching for the person I could not see.
“Where’s Elron?” I asked everyone.
Aidan started at my question. His eyes also moved around the room noticing his absence. No one had any idea where he was. Asher had been the last to see him. Elron had come into the library to see him a while before my mother had come to find him. 
I opened my senses, looking for his presence. His signature was faint. I let Aidan know where he was, my mind worried at the strange sensation I felt from Elron. Aidan and Asher left the room together to go find him. Why was he at the clearing where Rina had communicated with her mother? Why did I feel like he was not alone?
“We need to move Liam to his bedroom. We can only wait now for him to wake.” My mother suggested.
“I’ll help.” I moved to grab his legs again. 
With Rina’s help, along with my father’s, we managed to climb the stairs and place Liam in his bed. Rina stayed at his side while we left them alone. Back in the main room, I waited for Aidan to return. My parents sat together on the couch, talking quietly. 
The front door opened and Aidan walked in alone. He motioned for me to come with him. Leaving my parents still conversing, I walked outside to find Asher sitting with Elron by the fountain. Elron looked stunned, his eyes avoiding mine. As I got nearer, he stood moving away from me. 
“What’s going on?” I asked no one in particular, hoping someone would fill me in. 
“We don’t know. Elron won’t tell us.” Aidan answered me.

Chapter 51 - Alexa

Two weeks had gone by since the shadows had attacked us. Liam was still in a deep sleep. Rina rarely left his side. Asher had resumed his search in the library with the help of my parents. Aidan and I spent our days trying to get my powers under control. Since the night of the attack, my command of the elements was chaotic. They seemed to have a mind of their own. 
Elron was different. Something had happened to him on that night that had changed him. He would not answer our questions. We saw him less each day. He would disappear into the woods for hours, returning when he was sure I was not around. I had no idea what I had done to make him act this way or what he was going through. I was at a loss to explain it. His thoughts were blocked to me.
Aidan assured me that Elron would tell us when he was ready. We could do little for him now. Asher had left the library only long enough to travel to Deis-dé to find Bet. I had told him of her whereabouts on the night of the attack. When he returned he told us she was not there. There was no sign of her. It was but another thing to be worried about. 
I still had not looked into the little box to see if I could find her again. In the end, she would come when she was ready. Whatever she was going through, she needed to face it alone. Would she come if she knew how Elron was behaving? I was starting to feel like she did not care. She would have felt his emotions anyway. Obviously, she did not feel it was important.
From the bench in the garden where I sat, I stared out at the lake. The tranquil scene in front of me showed no sign of the turmoil that surrounded me. If it were not for Aidan, I would have blown up in anger a long time ago. We were no closer to finding the Kaemorra or resolving our issues. 
I worried about the vision I had of the attack on us and how it differed from what had occurred. Why shadow people? Why did Myrick not come himself? What had I missed? It was making me doubt my visions, making me doubt myself. 
Aidan sat down next me, surprising me. I had not felt him coming. My mind must have been too preoccupied to feel him. He sat silently next to me, waiting for me to say something. I could feel his anxiousness at my emotions.
“We have to do something and soon.” I finally spoke to him. 
“We will, Alexa. There is nothing you can do about Elron and Bet. I wish you would stop worrying so much. You are overloading me with your thoughts.” Aidan gently took hold of my hand. 
I relaxed, letting my thoughts fade. I must have been driving him crazy with my preoccupations. 
“Come, let’s see the others. We have to decide where we go from here.” He pulled me up.
I let him guide me into the house, down the corridor to the library. From within, I could hear my mother and Asher discussing something. Rider’s voice entered the conversation. 
“Alexa, we have a lead on Elsam’s descendant.” My mother called out to me when I stepped into the room. 
I made my way to her side, her finger pointing to a paragraph in the book she was bent over. I read the lines quickly, not making any sense of them. Why was everything written in Sidhe? I exhaled and concentrated my senses into translating the passage. 
What my mother had found was a mention of the woman that Elsam had been in love with. Her name was Agatha, and it was a record of her son’s birth. The child had been born near a town called Oban. It was not far from Meredith’s house near the same coast. There was nothing else to indicate what had happened to the child. We knew Agatha had been killed as a witch. She must have placed her child with someone. We just needed to find out with whom.
“It’s a start. We can search archives in the area when we get there.” My mother stated.
“When will you go?” I asked her. 
“As soon as we are ready. We should leave by tomorrow morning.” Rider stood next to my mother, looking at me.
“Can you see if you can find Bet again? I need to know if she has been able to find out anything about her mother.” Asher asked me. I nodded that I would try. 
“What do we do about Liam? We can’t leave him here alone.” He would be unprotected with us gone.
“I’ll stay with him. I have called friends to come protect the area while you are gone.” Rina stood by the door, looking tired from sitting with Liam. 
We only had to figure out where the Kaemorra was. Aidan and I would have to go searching for it alone. Meredith had said it was in the old land. Knowing she was originally from Mesopotamia that could be in any land from here to Iraq. Where would we start? I wanted to have another look at the book with the picture of her looking like me. Aidan handed me the book with a knowing smile. 
Opening the book to the page, I examined it for any signs of where the river or lake was. I placed it on the table, giving everyone access to view it. The picture was different somehow. I could not put my finger on it. The image of Freya was just as before, only now I noticed she was no longer standing on a rock, but by the shore. Behind her the cliffs of a mountain revealed a hole, barely big enough to fit a small child. Is this where the Kaemorra was? 
I pointed to the picture, my finger on the entrance to the cave, to show them what I saw. Aidan was just as excited as I was to see it. We needed to know where that picture was. What land was in the background? Asher swore softly, turned down one of the aisles, returning with a map. He placed it over the open book, spreading it open. Studying the map, he finally pointed to an area with his finger.
The island of Crete was where he was pointing. The map had the name Ideon Cave written just underneath where his finger touched the map. He was smiling up at us, as he tapped his finger up and down.
“It makes sense. It’s said that it’s the cave where Rhea hid Zeus. It must be near there. I’m sure once Alexa is near, she will feel the Kaemorra’s energy.” He explained to us.
I looked at the map, feeling it was right. We had somewhere to start our search. I needed to see if I could find Bet. Letting them know where I was going, I headed to my room to look in the box. Aidan followed me, not wanting to let me out of his sight. Once in the room, I picked up the box and sat with it on the bed. Aidan sat quietly next to me. 
My finger pushed the clasp holding it closed out of the way. I paused in opening it, glancing at Aidan. He was looking at the top of the box, anxious for me to open it. Pulling the top up, I looked inside thinking thoughts of Bet and where she might be. White smoky clouds replaced the empty space, bringing me a vision of Bet.  
What was she doing back there? The cliff near Meredith’s house came into view. Bet was standing, her face staring blankly out to sea. She was alone as far as I could see. Why was she still keeping her distance from us? I lost sight of her as she turned and walked out of view. The image inside the box was replaced by her sitting in the cabin, crying, holding onto a rose petal. I remembered placing them on Bet and Elron’s bed. I ached for her. 
Aidan closed the top of the box, taking it from my hand. Standing, he placed it on the bureau then walked to the window. I knew he had seen the image as clearly as I had. His worry over his sister was clear. He was trying to hide his emotions from me, but they were too strong. 
“Asher will find her. We need him to go now before she leaves again.” I told his back.
“Go tell him, Alexa. I’ll start putting our things together.” He said, not looking at me.
I walked to the door, looking back at him. Fear of the unknown made me hesitate.
Go, I’ll be ready when you get back. Aidan reassured me.
When I returned to my room after making sure Asher knew where to go, Aidan had our belongings packed in our backpacks. I let him know Asher had left to find Bet. My parents would be leaving first thing in the morning. As for us, I was not sure when we should go. I still worried about Elron.
“Have you seen him today?” I asked Aidan, knowing he knew who I was asking about.
“No, he was out early this morning. I should look for him.” He answered.
“We’ll go together. He can’t avoid me forever.” I insisted when Aidan made to leave.
We searched outside, finally finding him sitting on a rock near one of the clearings. He seemed dazed, not focused on anything. When we reached him, he stood looking like he was ready to walk away. Aidan stopped him, grabbing a hold of his arm. I remained a distance away, knowing it was my presence he was having a hard time with. I wished I knew why he was acting that way.
Aidan finished explaining to him what our plans were. He gave no indication of what he felt on learning Asher had gone looking for Bet. Aidan waited for him to say something. 
“I’ll be going home for a while.” He finally spoke. The low timber of his voice lacked any emotion.
“When will you return?” Aidan asked him, narrowing his eyes as he looked at Elron’s face.
“I will let you know. There are some things I need to take care of.” Elron answered Aidan. His eyes avoided me as I stepped closer. 
Aidan let him leave, watching him as he walked away. There was nothing we could do about Elron. I hoped he would come back to us. I still had one more thing to do before we could leave. Leaving Aidan, I made my way upstairs to Liam’s room. Finding him alone, I walked to the bed and sat beside him. His face showed no emotion on it. It was hard to believe he was not sleeping. Any attempt by me to reach his mind was met by nothing. Liam was simply not there. I picked up his hand, feeling a tear roll down my cheek. With all the new powers I had, I could not help him. 
I placed my hand on his forehead, brushing a lock of hair away. He lay unresponsive. Gazing at him, I knew we had become friends, family. We had managed to get over my misguided feelings for him. I was glad he had Rina now. She would take care of him. 
“Liam, please come back to me. I can’t do this without you.” My voice broke as I spoke. 
I put my head down to his chest, the tears falling from my eyes. From behind me I heard a sharp intake of breath. I knew who it was before turning. Anguish like I had never known washed over me. Rising from the bed, I turned to find Aidan standing, staring at me in so much pain. I staggered from it. 
“No. Aidan, you don’t understand.” I managed to get out.
I took one step towards him. In a blink of an eye he disappeared from my sight. I searched for him. I searched with my mind, my heart, my being. He was gone. What had I done? How could I explain he had misunderstood if I could not find him? Why did Aidan not see Liam was not who I wanted. Too late, I realized how much Aidan meant to me.
I waited for a week for him to come back. I could not sleep, eat. Elron had left the same day as Aidan. Asher let us know he had arrived at Meredith’s, but Bet was not there. My mother and father reluctantly left two days later. I assured them I would be fine. I was anything but fine. Aidan’s absence was a constant throbbing in my heart. How could I have been so stupid? With him gone, I finally understood. 
Rina came to see me whenever she took a break from sitting with Liam. In my room, the curtains drawn so that no light came in, I sat in silence. I had cried myself out. A coldness settled over my heart. It was better not to feel anything. When the week was up, I packed my stuff, said good-bye to Rina and took the boat back to the mainland. A torn page from one of the books in the library in my pocket held a map of where I needed to go. I was alone.


About the Author
	Nia Markos was born in Montreal, Canada and is of Greek heritage. After thirty years working in the financial sector, she has turned her passion of reading into a new career in writing.
 
	Other books in the series:

	Venture Book 2 of The Crystal Series 2017
	Harmony Book 3 of The Crystal Series 2017
	
