


Escaping Fate
Book 1 of the Escaping Fate Series




 
 
 
Also by DelSheree Gladden
 
The Handbook Series
The Crazy Girl’s Handbook
The Oblivious Girl’s Handbook

Eliza Carlisle Mystery Series
Trouble Magnet
The Catalyst
Firebrand
Instigator
Incendiary

The Arcane Wielder Series
Life & Being

The Ghost Host Series
The Ghost Host: Episode 1
The Ghost Host: Episode 2

Escaping Fate Series
Escaping Fate
Soul Stone
Oracle Lost
(Coming Soon)

Twin Souls Saga
Twin Souls
Shaxoa’s Gift
Qaletaqa

The Destroyer Trilogy
Inquest
Secret of Betrayal
Darkening Chaos

Someone Wicked This Way Comes Series
Wicked Hunger
Wicked Power
Wicked Glory
Wicked Revenge

The Aerling Series
Invisible
Intangible
Invincible

The Date Shark Series
Date Shark
Shark Out Of Water
The Only Shark In The Sea
Shark In Troubled Waters
Repelling the Shark

What Had to be Done

Torino Dreams

Memory’s Edge Duo
Memory’s Edge: Part 1
 Memory’s Edge: Part 2


 
 



Escaping Fate
Book 1 of the Escaping Fate Series



by
DelSheree Gladden
 

 
Smashwords Edition
 
 
 



Escaping Fate
Book 1 of the Escaping Fate Series
Written by DelSheree Gladden
 
 
Copyright © 2010 DelSheree Gladden
Cover Design Blank Page Design Shop
Published by DelSheree Gladden
  
 
 
All rights reserved. Except as permitted under the US Copyright Act of 1976, no part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form, or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of the author. 
 
Names, characters and incidents depicted in this book are products of the author’s imagination, or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, organizations, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental and beyond the intent of the author or the publisher. All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means whatsoever, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without written permission from the publisher and/or author. 



Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.





For Ryan





Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Also by DelSheree Gladden
Sneak Peek of Soul Stone
About the Author
Connect with DelSheree





Chapter One

Voices whisper, chasing away sleep. Pounding and screaming pull her fully to consciousness. She sits up trying to shake away the dream. Her father rushes over to her, forcing her to admit this is no nightmare. 
“Konētl, child, don’t move. Don’t make a sound." He rushes over to the window and peeks through the slats of wood covering the window above his bed. She sees his body stiffen at what he sees and fear paralyzes the young girl’s body. All her life she has been haunted by the fear that this would one day come. She knows, but she asks her father anyway. 
“Tahtll, Father, what is happening?” she asks. 
Shuffling away from the window, her father moves to the door and presses his aging back against it. They both know that the men outside mean them harm. Holding a finger up to his lips he signals for his daughter to stay quiet. Huddling in her thin blankets, she tries to keep herself from crying. Silent tears slip down her cheeks as the chaos continues. 
The crashing and pounding grows louder every second, and the young girl cries out to her father. “Why are they doing this? Why won’t they leave us alone, Tahtll?” 
The angry mob’s thunderous hits knock the old man away from the door for a brief second before he can force himself back against it. He continues to strain against the door as he calls out to his daughter. “Go, hide, konētl. Do not let them find you or they will take you. Hide!” 
Needing no further motivation, the terrified girl runs from her pallet bed just as the splintering of wood announces the intruders’ arrival. She lunges for the only real piece of furniture in the room, a large wooden cupboard that stands just high enough off the ground to let the girl slip under it. Curling up on the floor, she tucks in every part of her body and tries unsuccessfully to shut out the sounds around her. 
“Give her to us, now!” somebody shouts.
“Get out of my house! You have no right to be here. Leave my daughter alone,” the girl’s father pleads. He tries to block them from entering any further, but the crowd of angry men pushes him aside. The mob’s feet trample through the tiny hut, knocking over chairs and tossing the two beds in search of the child. Burying her silent sobs in her hands, she prays to the gods that they will not find her. Her father has kept her alive so far. He has to be able to do it again. 
The young girl can hear her father’s voice as the men search, begging them to leave, and even resorting to threatening them with harm. Her father is an old man, though. He has little strength left to try and defend the last of his family. 
“Please leave us alone,” he sobs. “Please do not take her away from me. She is all that I have left.” 
“Shut up, old man,” someone bellows. “She belongs to the gods now.” 
“No!” her father screams. She sees his gnarled feet scramble across the floor as he tries to overcome one of the men. The crack of his bones resounds in the little hut. The girl cries out when his face falls into the dust just inches away from her own. Dark blood drips down his unmoving face. 
Covering her mouth right as she realizes she screamed aloud, she prays that no one heard her cry. The gods are not listening to her pleas tonight. They want her for their own. Hands plunge in at the girl and grab at her from every angle. Screams burst out of her as she tries to wriggle out of their grasp. They fight over her, yanking her back and forth, before they finally pull the screaming girl out from under the cupboard. 
“Let go of me,” she begs. “Let go! Get your hands off me!” 
Nobody listens to her pleading. They simply drag the girl upright and start yanking a dusty, roughly woven bag over her head. She tries to scream again for help, surely someone in the village will help her, but the dust fills her lungs and sends her into a coughing fit. Tight cords wrap around her hands and feet as they all laugh about their conquest. Helpless, she can do nothing as they carry her away to meet the gods. 
But the meeting cannot happen until she is purified. 
Sitting in a room far away from her home, days later, the girl’s raven hair is brushed until it shines. Each stroke with the fine bone comb tilts her head, rippling the black cascade of her hair. Her almond stained skin, shining with fragrant oils, glitters in the flickering candle light. The scents from the citrus and vanilla oils are so strong it is intoxicating. Her expressionless face is dusted with heavy white powder, covering her tear streaked cheeks and red eyes. 
Delicate magnolia flowers are carefully woven into her silky black hair, by fingers aged and skilled. A harsh black paint accentuates the lids of her strange, silvery eyes. Yellow falls down her cheeks like rain. Each color they apply has a meaning and purpose specific to the ritual. She knows the ritual well, even though her father tried to protect her from it all her life. 
A simple, roughly woven white dress is tied around her thin body. Heavy earrings hang down to her shoulders. Turquoise armbands pinch her arms, hinting at the pain awaiting her. Knotting the red sash tightly around her waist, a thick woven blanket is drawn back from the doorway, allowing the malicious sun to display her to the waiting, bloodthirsty crowd beyond. 
The noon hour warmth cannot pierce her angry heart when she beholds the great stone temple that will be her final destination. Memories of facing the priests the day before make her anger surge. They are responsible for this. They put her here. A sharp word from one of her caretakers finally forces her to step out of the hut and into the sunlight. She blinks at the sun’s glaring glory and hates it with all her soul. She had loved its beauty as a child, but now she fears it. 
The bright sun gives away her secret fear, stinging her eyes and releasing her tears. Her painted face gives no glimmer of emotion. Only her shining silver-green eyes hint at the terror she feels beneath the façade. 
The women who prepared her for this hour guide her toward the temple. The crowds part before them, cheering for their sacrifice. But the beautiful young woman hears nothing and sees only a haze of movement. Her feet can no longer move as they should. Each one of her steps is halting and fearful. 
Her tremendous fear makes her legs quiver, and she almost collapses when her bare soles touch the first step of the temple. The soft touch of her feet on the stone seems to echo with deathlike finality. Now she can never turn back. 
Hope abandons her as she halts on the first step. She is joined by two towering figures, the guards who will never allow escape. They do not touch her for fear that they will die with her. To keep her secured, one stands in front and one follows behind. The solemn procession begins the slow climb up the temple steps. The tear streaked ceremonial makeup cannot hide the growing horror that gathers in the girl’s heart as the stone path takes her to her end. 
As her tears fall, a grey mist gathers around the scene. The raven haired girl is slowly consumed by it, hiding her from view.




Chapter Two

Gasping, I sit up in bed and draw a thin blanket up to my shaking body. The dream had come again. For the past two nights I have dreamed of the strange girl. Each night the dream begins again, adding a little more each time. Every night reveals more of the helpless child’s story. Child, I think with a shake of my head, she looks like she’s the same age as me. At fifteen, I have never experienced anything as horrible as what the poor girl faces in my dreams. 
The night the first dream came, I woke with my heart racing. I had seen the girl drug from her house, bound, and carried away from her family. Her screams echoed in my mind as I sat in bed, willing my speeding pulse to calm down. I passed the first dream off as a nightmare, just another reaction to stress. When the dream continued the next night, the real fear started to seep in. 
The only thing that remains constant in the dreams is the immense terror I wake with every night. I am gripped with the girl’s awful fear. The haunting look of desperate horror in the young girl’s face pulls at my soul, begging me for rescue. I watch with pity and anger, frustrated that I can do nothing to ease her fear. 
As I wake tonight, I am so fearful that I can’t force myself to close my eyes again. I fear slipping back into the dream and having to feel such desperate pain once again. Lying in my bed, I watch the curtains sway in the breeze, seeking something familiar and innocent. Slowly, my mind and body come back to my own time. The haunting faces disappear, letting me escape into a welcome and dreamless sleep. Resting in the stillness of my own mind, I swim in the blackness until awakened by the familiar warmth of the sun.
As dawn’s orange shadows fall across the unfamiliar floor, I slowly open my eyes and blink away the last traces of the dream. The beige carpet and neutral toned walls immediately make me grimace. I am not yet used to waking up in a room I don’t recognize as my own. Nearly a week ago, I moved from my former life of popularity in Manhattan, to a painfully, mind-numbingly boring little town in rural Maine, hours away from anything. 
I love city life. The constant noise and activity of living on an island filled with one and a half million people is invigorating. Every day holds the promise of something new for me, but for my parents, every day holds new dangers. My parents made the decision to move from our stylish Manhattan apartment to escape the violence and crime, as well as to be closer to my aging grandfather. 
Hours from Manhattan, Grainer is the absolute opposite of what a town should be. With a population of less than fifteen hundred people, Grainer has fewer stores in the entire town than Manhattan holds in a single block. I hate everything about this place. The first few days have been miserable, but ever since the dreams started I have become increasingly convinced that the move was even more of a terrible choice than I first realized and I long to go back.
Holding my misery close to my heart, I crawl out of bed and pick my way between unopened boxes on my way to the bathroom. I tug a pair of denim shorts and an off white linen peasant top from my still-packed suitcase as I stumble along. The rest of the house is slowly being put away, but my room looks the same as it did when the boxes and bags had been first unloaded a week ago. It’s a worthless attempt at protest. 
The bathroom floor is surprisingly neat. I didn’t leave it like that last night. I sigh, knowing my mom must have snuck in after I fell asleep and cleaned up the piles of dirty clothes. My mom is desperately trying to make the transition to my new home town as painless as possible. I feel a small measure of guilt at my obstinate behavior, but not enough to give in. 
I made my opinion of the move very clear to my parents from the start. In the end, their fears outweighed my objections. The apartment was packed up within a month of the decision, and one by one the boxes and furniture were carried down to the waiting moving van. I sat in the room that would no longer be my own and cried. The worst part of moving is being alone. I left all of my friends in Manhattan. My only ally, my brother David, stayed behind, ready to start college in the fall. Now, I am alone, alone in my own home.
The night of the first dream was the first night I had not woken up crying because of the move. I had suddenly found a new source of fear. Hoping to scorch away thought, I turn on the shower until the streams of water are hot enough to make me wince. I step in and let the dull pain clear my mind. As I shower, I rinse away the unsettling feelings the dream left behind. Everything else remains. 
I ache for someone to know as I finish my shower and stand brushing my hair in front of the foggy bathroom mirror. My silver-green eyes sparkle in contrast to my thick black hair. As I stare at my own face in the mirror, my breath catches as it morphs into the face of the raven-haired girl from my dream, blurred by sacrificial paint. The stranger’s eyes hold fear and blink away burning tears. 
Reaching up to brush the tears away, I find my face completely dry. I blink, my eyes opening to find only my own face, clean and almond colored, staring back at me. I draw back from the mirror, fearful that the face will return. Shivering despite the warm misty air that surrounds me, I quickly leave the room. 
This morning, I woke up so early that neither of my parents are awake by the time I leave the bathroom. The stillness of the house makes it seem safe enough to leave my room. I will have at least a few hours of peace before my mother continues her relentless battle to force me into loving my new life. I wander into the box strewn living room and pull a book off the top of a stack of boxes. 
I am more into blogging and video chatting than reading, but that is something left behind in Manhattan for the time being. The book I held was opened out of pure boredom my second day in Grainer. Surprisingly, I have blown through the first half of the novel in just a few days. I have no idea where the novel came from, most likely another thoughtful gesture by my mom, but I am glad to have found it. Plunking down onto the couch, I sit down to read. Hours later, my mother wanders out of her room, fully dressed and ready for the day. 
“You’re up early,” my mom comments. 
“Couldn’t sleep.” 
“One of these days you’re going to have to get used to this place.” My mom sighs at my melancholy. “Arrabella, run down to the grocery store and pick up these things,” she says, “and I’ll make us some breakfast.” The list she hands me is written on one of the brand name medication notepads my dad often brings home from work. Her perfect handwriting is nothing like my dad’s hurried script. 
“I’m fine with cereal,” I say. 
“Well, you don’t have to eat, but your father and I would like some breakfast. He starts his new job today, in case you’ve forgotten. I won’t send him to work on an empty stomach, so go,” she says. Her voice has taken on the firm tone I know not to disobey.
Picking up the list as I dramatically roll my eyes, I head out into the morning sun. I don’t want to do small town things like shopping in the neighborhood grocery store. I had always been more than happy to shop for groceries in Manhattan. I love the street-side stands and the hundreds of tiny specialty markets in Manhattan. There, I was free to wander about deciding what I wanted, moving from store to store until I had everything on my list. I love the endless variety of the markets. 
If the small store in this town doesn’t have the items I’m looking for, too bad, it’s the only grocery store there is. How primitive, I think. I am not a small town girl. 
The sign hanging above the grocery store entrance has been hand painted, and not in the trendy art deco style popular in retro art galleries. The store is small and quaint and disgusting. I plaster a disapproving grimace on my face as I walk in. Scowling at the rows of products, I quickly gather the items on my mother’s list. After checking off the last item, I walk the short twenty steps to the checkout counter. 
The cashier is a girl who looks to be about my age. She greets me with a smile and begins scanning my items. At least they’re not completely backwards here, I think when I see the electronic scanner. In my fog of self-pity and dislike, I half expected the cashier to pull out a pencil and calculator. The happy chirp of the flashing red scanner deepens my scowl. 
“You’re new in town, right?” the cashier asks. 
I wonder if her lopsided smile has anything to do with my sour expression. 
“Yeah,” I say. Aren’t small towns great? I think in my most sarcastic inner voice.
“It’s not so bad here,” she says. “Most of us go down to the beach on the weekends to hang out during the summers. If the weather’s alright this Saturday, we’ll all be there for a bonfire.” 
“Who’s most of us?”
“The high school kids, mostly just juniors and seniors.”
“Are there more than just you and me?” I ask. From the size of the town, I would have been surprised to find out that our graduating class consisted of more than five students. 
“Of course,” the girl says. Her laugh says she isn’t surprised by my reaction. “It’s not that small of a town. My name’s Dani, by the way.” 
“I’m Arra.” I watch Dani put the last of my groceries in a plastic bag. Her friendly smile makes me feel a little less alone. I am suddenly looking for a reason to stay at the counter a little longer. “So there’s a bonfire at the beach this weekend?” 
Dani nods. “You’re more than welcome to come if you want.” 
Back in Manhattan, I spent most weekends out with friends, but I am strangely nervous to accept her invitation. I don’t want to care what anyone in Grainer thinks of me, but it seems unnatural not to care at least a little. “I don’t think I even remember how to get to the beach,” I say. “It’s been a few years.” 
“Just head east out of town. You’ll eventually run into it. There’s pretty much nothing between here and the coast,” Dani says. “If you think you’ll get lost, you can always just stop back by the store and I can show you how to get there.” 
The frown I have been trying so hard to hold onto softens into a smile. At least that is one good thing about Grainer. The beach is close and usually pretty empty. “Thanks, Dani. I’ll definitely think about it.” I walk out of the store, my steps less sluggish than before.




Chapter Three

When I finally get back to the house, ignoring an irritated glare from my mom, I can feel my bitterness starting to slip away. As much as I want to, I know I won’t be able to despise my new home forever. Day by day it will grow on me until I feel at home in the quiet little town. Day by day. I laugh. It’s already beginning to feel more normal. 
Sitting down at the kitchen table, I take the strawberries out of the grocery bag and begin slicing them. Their sweet smell fills the kitchen. I can’t help popping one into my mouth. Sugary bliss swims over my taste buds. It is possibly the best strawberry I have ever tasted. My mom has always complained about store bought produce. She misses the homegrown fruits and vegetables she grew up on. I used to think she was just complaining because she didn’t like the city. Now I have to admit she is right. 
I sit listening to my mom hum as she turns pancake after pancake. I smile as the pancake stack grows higher and higher. The fluffy tower makes me think of my brother David. He is only one person, but the family’s food consumption has dropped significantly since he moved into his own apartment just before we left Manhattan. My mom still has not gotten used to the change. She even has to put back the extra plate when she begins setting the table and serving the food. 
Thoughts of David not being here dulls whatever small bit of contentment I had found earlier. 
Despite the allure of the special meal, I just stare at the strawberry covered pancakes, absently mashing them with my fork. My mom keeps glancing over at me with an anxious look, but my funk has settled in again. Strawberries and pancakes are my favorite breakfast food, but I hardly touch the meal. Knowing my mom made the meal especially to cheer me up, plus the staring, eventually wins out. I take a bite with a faint smile. 
 “Well, I know you wanted to work on your own room again today, but I could really use your help sorting photos. Those movers did an awful job of packing. The album pages have all fallen out and the photos are just in piles at the bottom of the boxes. It will take me forever by myself,” my mom says with a smile after seeing me spoon the food into my mouth. 
“Yeah, sure, Mom, I can help,” I say. 
My enthusiasm is miles short of genuine, but my mom ignores it. I know she could sort the photos much more quickly on her own, but she probably just doesn’t want me spending another sulky day alone in my room. I have been “arranging” it since we got here. And so far nothing has actually moved. My mom’s obvious plan to speed my progression towards well-adjusted and happy annoys me considerably, but her sigh of relief and pleased smile mellows my irritation. 
Taking another forced bite before pushing the plate away, I say, “I’ll go get started,” and leave the table. I see my mom’s smile twitch a little as I get up, but I keep moving. She sighs disappointedly as I leave the kitchen. 

***

The two of us quietly, but slowly, organize the dismantled photo albums. Every so often my mom will pick up a photo of one of us kids, usually me, and tell the story about the day it was taken. I smile at each of the stories, but wish she would just let me work in silence. Or better yet, let me go back to my room. 
Pulling another box over to me, I wish it was the last one. When I open the box that had once contained carefully scrapbooked pages of me and David on summer vacations, an overwhelming loneliness settles over me. David and I are very close, or had been before my parents left him behind to prepare for college. I still haven’t quite forgiven him for abandoning me, but at the same time I am excited for him to be on his own. 
To my fifteen year old mind, college is a dreamlike escape, a wonderful life silently waiting for me. It is only a painful two years of high school away. When David called earlier this week, I begged him for every detail of what adult life was like. Going to work, living on his own, going out on the weekends. I was so jealous. I long for college life. David, of course, teased me to no end about being stuck in Grainer, but his excitement quickly bubbled to the surface as he poured out practically every hour of his week to me. He is so lucky. 
I look back down at the picture I’m holding and am pulled out of my college dreams by a tiny face looking back at me from the photo in my hand. The photo is black and white, slightly yellowed, but the features are still in perfect detail. Raven black hair, beautiful tinted skin, and glittering silvery eyes, just like my eyes, stare up at me. 
The girl is about seven years old. She is cute and perky, just like every picture I have ever seen of myself, but I wrinkle my face in confusion when I realize that the little girl is riding a horse. I am absolutely sure this is me. The face is identical to the one my mom already hung on the wall, but I am terrified of horses.  I have never ridden one in my life, and if I had, I certainly would not have been smiling about it. 
“Mom, when was this picture taken? I’ve never ridden a horse. I can’t stand them. But isn’t this me?” I feel silly asking whether or not I am holding a picture of myself, but I am too confused to care.
My mom takes the picture. She turns it over. In delicate handwriting is printed, Katie Malo, age 7. 
“Who is Katie?” I ask.
“Why, this is your Aunt Katie, your dad’s sister. You two do look amazingly similar. The same silvery eyes even. You remember…, no I guess you wouldn’t. She died before you were born and your father never mentions her. I actually never met her, either. I only know who she was from doing genealogy. I asked your father about her once,” my mom says sadly.
“How did she die?” I ask. I am astounded that I have never even heard of this beloved aunt. How can my dad never talk about having a sister? How did that not even once come up? 
“It’s very sad. Your father doesn’t talk about her much. He blames himself for her death,” she says. She shuffles through some pictures as if trying to decide what to say. 
My mom sighs and continues. “When your father was nineteen, he came back home for the summer after his first year in college to see Katie. She was turning sixteen. Katie loved riding horses, so for her sixteenth birthday she and Robert went out riding. Katie’s horse got spooked and it threw her. The fall broke her neck. I’m sure you can understand why your father doesn’t like to talk about it.”
Neither of us says anything for a while. I just stare at what looks like a ghost now. The aunt I never knew stares back at me from decades past, giving me a glimpse of her life, but leaving me wondering about her death. Only sixteen, I think as I wonder what plans Katie must have had for her life. What did Katie want to be when she grew up? Did she have a crush on some boy from school? 
I have so many plans for my future already, especially college in Manhattan, and I deeply regret the fact that I never got the chance to kiss Ezra Lathrup before leaving. It startles me to think that all my planning and dreaming could come to nothing just like it did for Katie. What would that feel like? I shudder and hope I will never know. 
I look back at the photo and suddenly want to know everything about my dead aunt. I don’t know why, but I need to hear her story. The picture seems important. It is my only link to her besides our similar appearances. We could have been twins. It seems so odd to me that I should even have an aunt, and I don’t want to forget her like everyone else apparently has.
“Mom, can I keep this picture?” I ask without really knowing why I want it. 
“Sure. I doubt your father will miss it. He hasn’t looked at these photos in years,” she says. 
Soon, my mom is back to her normal jovial self, sorting through the hundreds of pictures still scattered around the room. I keep sorting along with my mother, but I’m not really looking at the pictures anymore. I can only think about Katie, dead at sixteen. A shiver runs through me, and I suddenly feel the desire to keep digging. I feel as if I have been touched by something from the past, something that did not want to stay in the past. 




Chapter Four

I am still sorting through the scattered photos when my mom stops to make lunch. Since it is summer break, even my mom is taking her time settling into the new house. Mom and Dad have gotten all the major pieces of furniture set out in their new places, but every room is still covered in half put away boxes. 
Most of our sleek and modern furniture looks glaringly out of place in the antique cottage we now live in, but my mom seems to find it charming. I think it looks ridiculous. I am certainly in no hurry to settle in myself, but learning about my aunt Katie has momentarily shifted my attention from pouting in my room to finding out more. 
With the picture in my hand I am less concerned with being back in busy Manhattan and more interested in discovering even more about the strange aunt that easily could have been my own twin. I tuck the picture under the cover of the novel I have been reading and take the lid off another box. Anxious to find more evidence of my aunt, I nevertheless feel a strange need to keep my interest from my mom. 
She told me easily enough about who Katie was, but I got the distinct impression that she either knows more and is not about to discuss it, or has tried to find out more herself and doesn’t want to repeat that experience again. The lingering feeling keeps me from tearing into the mess of photos. I carefully slip photos back into the plastic sleeves, searching for another glimpse of Katie. She may have disappeared from my family’s memories, but I know there will be more than one lonely photo. At least, I hope there will be. 
The jingling of keys in the already unlocked door barely even reaches my hearing. My dad pushes his way into the mess, laughing at himself for trying to unlock the door, and I look up with a smirk. We never left the door unlocked in Manhattan, even when we were home. I guess my mom is already feeling much safer being away from the city. She greets my dad with a quick kiss and excuses herself to finish making lunch. With a quick wave and a mumbled “hi” to my dad, I wait until they leave the room before digging into the boxes and getting back to my search. All the photos of Katie I can find go straight into my book. 
I only asked to keep the one picture, but each new snapshot I find adds to Katie’s life and I find that I can’t let go of any of them. The pictures are filled with life and activity. Katie’s smile and obvious energy are contagious. I find myself grinning every time I stop to look at a photo for too long. I wonder if we would have been close friends had she lived long enough to know me. The happy photos are bittersweet, knowing that Katie didn’t lived past sixteen. Sixteen. That thought sends pins and needles up and down my spine. I am almost sixteen myself. 
The small amount of pictures I find echo Katie’s short life, but having to dig them out of the piles no one has looked at for years affects me even worse. Katie died, and then was nearly forgotten by those who loved her in life. Knowing the pain of loss had, in a way, overridden love, sends a quiet panic through my mind. It makes me shudder to think about it, and I hope this is not a normal reaction to death. Would everyone put away my things if I were gone? Would David’s children know my name? 
Sounds of my mom making lunch filters out of the kitchen as I search the rest of the box I’m working on for more photos of Katie. The connection I felt to my aunt grows with each new picture. I feel a need to understand why Katie died. While wondering what it had been like for Katie to confront death, I stumble across another picture that looks like it might be my aunt. 
Studying the photo intently, I’m not sure what I’ve found. It looks just like Katie except for the clothes and hair style. Katie was a child of the seventies, wearing bell-bottom jeans and flowers in her wild black hair more often than not. This lookalike is wearing a full skirt and button down blouse with a perfectly styled, bobbed haircut. 
I turn the picture over and see Maera 1959 printed in scrawling handwriting on the back. Who is this new ghost? I wonder. Their faces are almost identical, especially the eyes. This new photo is also black and white, but her startling silvery eyes can’t be hidden by the colorless world. 
Suddenly brought out of my wonder when my mom calls me to the table for lunch, I stick the photo I just found into my book with the pictures of Katie. Stopping by my bedroom on the way to the kitchen, I pull the drawer out of my nightstand and hold the pictures over it. I want to hide the pictures away because of my mom’s warning about how my dad might react, but change my mind at the last minute and head back toward the kitchen. I want to know more about the photos, especially the newest one I found, the one that is not Katie. I barely make it to the table before my question about the second picture bursts out.
“Mom, who is Maera?” 
“Maera? Um, I’m not sure. Let me see,” she says as she takes the picture I’m holding out to her. She looks at the back. “1959, hmm. I can’t remember. I’m sorry. I just haven’t looked at any of this stuff in so long because of the move.” She turns the picture toward her husband. “Honey, who’s Maera?” she asks him. 
My dad turns away from the picture with a frown and says, “She was your grandfather’s sister, your great aunt.” 
Why didn’t he just say that when I first asked the question? 
“Was?” I ask. 
“She drowned when she was a kid. I don’t know much about her,” he says quietly. 
Drowned as a kid? I wonder if my dad is thinking about his own sister. I hope he is. Maybe if he thinks about her more often he will eventually talk about her. 
“How old was she?” I ask. 
“I don’t know. My dad didn’t talk about her much,” he says, taking a bite of his tuna sandwich and pushing the picture back across the table toward me. 
My dad’s words bother me. Maera died young, too? The coincidence is definitely not lost on me. Maybe because my dad sees death and sickness every day at the hospital, a young girl drowning is simply a sad occurrence and not something to dwell on too much, but I can’t put the pictures down. I shake my head and sigh. I hate the thought of people dying, and the strangeness of the two girls dying young makes me sad and somewhat concerned. 
Something feels a little off when I think about it. The feeling is wrapped up in the strange compulsion I feel to learn my about my dead aunt. Glancing over at my dad, I can see that he does not want to continue the conversation. I want to push him, but the firm set of his jaw makes me hold back. Setting the pictures back on the table, I sit down for lunch. 
As the pungent tuna fills my mouth, I keep wondering why they died and if the same thing could ever happen to me. I shake my head at my runaway imagination and try to think more rationally. Even if the deaths were only a strange coincidence, it does bother me that my dad won’t talk about his sister. Putting aside the uneasiness settling in my mind and the hard look on my dad’s face, I ask him about Katie.
“Dad,” I say, waiting for him to look up before finishing, “why don’t you talk about Katie? I didn’t even know you had a sister.” A quick look from my mom almost makes me regret bringing up the topic. 
My dad turned away from the photo of Maera when my mom tried to show it to him. I don’t think he even noticed that there was another photo on the table. He sees the photo now, and despite his wince, picks it up. 
“Wow,” he mutters, “I can’t believe how alike they look.” He looks up at me, and stares as if he has never really seen me before. “Even you, you look so much like my sister Katie. I never knew Maera, but look,” he says, pausing, but not turning the pictures for anyone else to see. “Isn’t it amazing how much the three of you look alike? It’s uncanny.”
My mom smiles warmly at him. She pats his arm in support, but I haven’t gotten an answer to my question yet. I doubt I’ll have another chance any time soon to bring it up, so I push a little harder. 
“But, why didn’t you ever tell me about her?” 
“If I hadn’t taken her out riding that day, you would have been able to get to know her yourself,” he snaps.  The photos drop back to the table as he stands up and turns away. His meal is only half finished, but I stare at his back as he stalks out of the kitchen. 
“Arra,” my mom sighs, “I told you he didn’t like to talk about Katie. Why did you have to bring it up?” She quickly clears the dishes and puts them in the sink before moving to follow after her husband.
I feel awful for pushing my dad, but why should I? I was just trying to find out about my own family. My dad shouldn’t pretend Katie never existed. It’s a terrible thing to do to someone.
“But, Mom,” I say. She stops and turns back. “I get that it’s hard for him to talk about her, but how could he just forget she ever existed?” 
“Arra, he hasn’t forgotten. That’s the problem. He thinks about her all the time and blames himself for getting her killed. Would you want to talk about something like that all the time?” she asks. 
“What if it happened to me, mom? Would everybody just stop talking about me and put away all the pictures of me, just so it wouldn’t hurt as bad? Could you do that?” I ask. I feel like I am on the verge of tears. I don’t understand why I am so upset about this, but when my mom hurries over to my side, I wrap my arms around her and try to hide my tears. 
“Honey, please don’t judge your dad so harshly. Maybe one day he’ll be able to talk about Katie more openly, but you have to give him time. And don’t worry about anyone forgetting you. I would never let that happen,” my mom says with an extra tight squeeze of my shoulders. “But why are we even talking about that? Nothing is going to happen to you. Just put it out of your mind for now, okay?” 
Put it out of my mind. That is exactly what I don’t want to happen, for me or the girls in the photos. But what else can I say? “Okay, Mom. I’m sorry I brought it up.” 
With a satisfied nod, my mom leaves the kitchen and heads toward her room where I know my dad is waiting. I want to believe my mom when she says nothing is going to happen to me, but as I look down at the pictures again, I can’t help but feel that she is very wrong. 




Chapter Five

My mom’s quiet steps whisper across the beige carpet when she comes back from talking with my dad before he heads back to work. She doesn’t go back to sorting photos. Instead, I hear the ripping of packing tape off of boxes in the kitchen. I can see her emptying each box of kitchen supplies and finding places for them as I walk out of my bedroom and across the living room floor. I get the hint that we are done sorting photos for the day, but I want to know more about the girls, and I know exactly who to go to for answers. 
My parents forced me to move to the middle of nowhere for one main reason. To be closer to my grandfather. He is lonely in his old house, and his weekly invitations to visit were rarely accepted when we lived in Manhattan because of the distance and my dad’s busy job. Even though before the move I only saw my grandfather once or twice a year, and even less over the past few years, I remember the visits well and looked forward to seeing him each time. 
My grandpa’s stories have always entertained and enthralled me. I remember sitting in his lap for hours as a small girl while he fed me cookies and tall tales. Even now, I can easily sit down with him to hear about crab fishing in Alaska or trekking through South American jungles. I know he will gladly talk about most any topic, but will he tell me anything more about Maera and Katie than my dad did? 
He won’t be too afraid to talk about a sister who died more than fifty years ago, will he? My mom said that I just need to give my dad time to come to grips with his guilt over Katie’s death. How much time does it take, though? Something tells me I can’t afford to wait too long for answers. Thinking of ways to approach the subject of Maera’s death, I pile a stack of stray photos back into a box and wander into the kitchen. 
“Hey, Mom,” I begin, “would it be okay if I went to see Grandpa this afternoon?” 
My mom smiles. “I would love for you to spend some time with Grandpa, but it will have to wait until tomorrow.” 
“Why,” I ask, my voice dangerously close to whining. Does she have some other pointless task for me to do? 
“Your grandpa had to go to the city for a doctor’s appointment today. He’ll be back this evening,” she says. “Why don’t you plan on visiting him tomorrow morning?” 
“Why couldn’t Dad just check him out?” 
I know my constant complaining irritates my mom on a regular basis, especially lately, but it annoys me that the one time I really want to visit Grandpa is the one day I can’t. My mom is constantly reminding me that growing up often means things don’t always go the way you want them to. Every time she says it, it just makes me clench my teeth in frustration and wish time would speed up for me. Things always seem to work out just fine for the adults I know. I am the only one who is constantly being handed the short stick. 
“Your father is not a cardiologist, Arra. I think it is a much wiser choice for Grandpa to continue seeing his regular doctor.” Her eyes roll lightly in my direction, though a little less poignant than usual. “Besides, you know he doesn’t have much help at the hospital. Dr. Saunders is getting ready to retire, and he’s so old he’s really not much help anyway. I’m sure Grandpa’s stories will keep until tomorrow.” 
“They don’t even have the doctors they need in this town,” I mutter under my breath. I know that in all actuality, that issue was the exact reason the local hospital was so ecstatic to hire my dad. Their only doctor, Dr. Saunders, was well past his prime. Grainer has a hospital half the size of what a real hospital would be—it’s barely more than a glorified clinic—and not enough doctors and nurses to staff even that. Nobody wants to move to Grainer. Nobody but my parents. 
I start to leave the kitchen, but the thought of spending another day sitting alone in my box filled room sounds much less appealing than usual. Perhaps it’s the photos I decided to put away in my nightstand after lunch. I didn’t want to go near them at the moment. Every time I look at them, the girls’ smiles seem a little less happy and somewhat more desperate. It has been a very strange morning. I want a break from my dad’s foul mood, my mom’s smothering concern, and the strange pictures. 
“Do you mind if I go walk around town then? I need to get out of the house for a while.” 
The surprise on my mom’s face is enough to make me laugh. She was nearly reduced to threats earlier today just to get me to run to the grocery store. The change that’s come over me is abrupt, but my mom always knows how to make the best of any situation. 
“That sounds lovely, dear. Just don’t wander off anywhere, and be home in time for supper,” my mom cautions. “I might need some help getting dinner ready tonight.” 
I can’t imagine anything too dreadful, or even vaguely interesting, happening to me in this tiny town, but twenty-five years of living in Manhattan is hard for my mom to overcome. Pleasure that I am finally leaving the house of my own accord is mixed with worry on her motherly face. It would be nearly impossible for my mom to adjust in the few short weeks since we moved. Even I still feel the need to peek over my shoulder when walking alone through town. That little hint of fear in my mom’s eyes feels oddly natural. I would be more bothered if my mom didn’t worry than by her cautious nature. 
I doubt I could even get into trouble here if I wanted to. “I’ll be fine, Mom. I just want to see what’s here.” 
“Have fun, dear.” 
A soft breeze blows through the little town as I walk its length. Glancing at the shop windows, I find nothing that catches my interest. Wandering away from the main road, I turn randomly down some of the side streets. When the hard pavement eventually turns to gravel, the change makes me pause, but only for a moment. The main bulk of the town can still be seen easily. I strain my eyes and think I can even see my house from where I stand. 
Kicking pebbles along the way, it feels good being out of the house, out of my room especially. I have barely come out since the move in protest of being here, but after the first few days it became incredibly boring. Of course, I could have entertained myself forever if I had just unpacked my room. Somewhere in those boxes were my computer and video games and DVD’s. If I unpacked, though, it would hardly have looked like I was angry about moving. 
I sigh. It made no sense, of course, and only made me even more miserable while my parents simply went about their business, but I felt like I had to make some kind of attempt at protest. As I take in the sweet smells of the trees and plants and let the wind toss my hair, I have a feeling that I will start unpacking my room soon enough. 
A quick rustling of leaves, followed by a small rabbit darting across the road, draws a strangled cry from me. My heart is pumping as I watch it disappear into another set of bushes. Annoyed that the animal surprised me so much, I kick a rock in the direction it ran. 
“It’s just a rabbit,” someone says. A quick laugh follows the voice. 
Spinning around, I look for the source. I haven’t seen anyone else on the dirt road since stepping onto it. It’s the main reason I kept going. I assumed it was just an access road to the nearby forest. Three boys, about my age, or maybe a little older, watch me from less than ten feet away. I can’t stop myself from gawking at them. Where did they come from? A crimson blush creeps over my cheeks until the laughter starts again. My eyes narrow. What are they doing just standing there laughing at me? I wish I had another rock to kick at them. 
“Sorry, we didn’t mean to scare you,” the middle one says. “We’ve just never seen anyone get so scared by a rabbit before.” 
“I wasn’t scared of it,” I snap, “it just startled me. I’m just not used to Bambi’s little friends running under my feet.” 
The shortest of the three snickers again, but a swift elbow to the ribs from the leader ends it quickly. Embarrassed and annoyed at their immaturity, I turn away, just wanting to continue my walk. If these three are the only boys in town, I can definitely do without dating for the next few years. The crunch of gravel behind me only makes me walk faster. 
“Wait a minute,” the same boy who had elbowed his friend calls out. Running over to me, he comes up short right in front of me, forcing me to either stop walking or run right into him. I stop.  “Sorry, we didn’t mean to embarrass you. Evan can be a real jerk sometimes.” 
Evan. That must be the chuckler’s name. Evan and the quieter one are still in their original positions. “What are you guys doing out here?” My desire for a quiet place to think led me to the gravel path, but I can’t fathom the reason anyone else would want to come out here. It’s just a dirt path through the trees. What on earth do you do in a place like this? 
The boy holds up his right hand. At first I assume he’s trying to keep me from walking off, but that hardly makes any sense since I’m still just standing in front of him. Then I realize he’s trying to show me something. A leather strip drapes from his middle finger to his wrist and is held in place by thin leather ties. The strap means nothing to me. Is it some kind of backwoodsy jewelry? If it is, I’ll have to make it a point to never get into that fad. My expression must relay as much. 
“Archery,” he explains. “We were shooting at targets in the field.” He gestures to the field behind where his friends are standing. 
I am shocked to find three portable targets sitting amid the tall grass. The brightly colored rings are plainly visible from the road. I didn’t even notice them before. I didn’t see the truck parked just off the trail either. I look back at the other two guys, and see that one of them, the quiet one, still has a bow in his hand. How did I not notice that? I wonder, even more annoyed with myself than before. I am pretty used to being careful about who and what is around me when I’m alone. Shaking my head, I marvel at how much this place is already affecting me. 
“Oh,” is all I can say. 
“What, you’ve never seen a bow and arrow before either?” he asks. 
“No, actually, I haven’t.” My smug voice matches my stance, but the sweet smile in the boy’s face makes me falter. “Except for on TV, if that counts.” 
“Not really,” he says, his smile growing even wider. He shrugs his shoulders and looks back at his friends before turning back to me. Extending his hand, he says, “I’m Tanner. You must be the new doctor’s kid, right?”
My smile slips immediately. I hate small towns. Is that how I’ll be known for the next few years? The new doctor’s kid? I manage to force a smile back on my face before I try to speak again. “Yep, that would be me. My name’s Arra, though.” 
“Arra, huh?” 
“Arrabella, actually, but I prefer Arra,” I say. 
“Cool, I like it,” Tanner says. He is a completely random person, who could turn out to be a total freak for all I know, but the fact that he likes my name has me trying to hide a delighted smile. He is pretty cute. 
Motioning for his friends to join us, Tanner points to the shorter one. “This is Evan, and that’s Jackson.” The quiet one raises a hand with a quick wave. 
“Where are you from?” Tanner asks. 
“Manhattan,” I reply, wishing I was there now. The three boys look impressed, like being born in a big city is some kind of accomplishment. They should be looking at me with pity. 
“How do you like Grainer?” Evan asks. 
I make a face that makes answering unnecessary. 
“That bad, huh?” Tanner says with a laugh. 
“I miss the city,” I admit. 
“Grainer’s not so bad,” the quiet Jackson replies. 
“There’s nothing to do here.” 
“There’s archery,” Tanner says. “Come on, we’ll show you.” 
Evan and Jackson start back toward the field where the targets are set up. Tanner lags behind, probably making sure I’m not going to run off. I look back at the dirt road. There is no chance of returning to the peaceful walk now. Reluctantly, I follow Tanner into the high grasses. 
I have never really enjoyed participating in sports, but watching the boys practice does seem like it might be a welcomed distraction. My thoughts have been consumed by strange dreams and disturbing photos all day. Suddenly, playing at bows and arrows with three teenage boys sounds very appealing, if somewhat dangerous. 





Chapter Six

Evan and Jackson are already back in their places when I walk up behind them. I watch Evan ready his first shot, and have to stifle a laugh when I see Tanner creeping up behind him. The second before Evan takes his shot, the end of Tanner’s bow thumps Evan’s elbow, making the arrow spring out of his hands and land at my feet. Evan takes a swing at Tanner, but is smiling as he does it. I toss the arrow back to Evan and decide to move much further to the side of them.
Staying safely out of the way, I watch the guys practice. The quiet Jackson hits the target more often than the others, even if Evan celebrates his few successes louder than any of his friends. Tanner ends up practicing on the target nearest me and manages to question me about Manhattan and what kind of activities I like while he works. Despite the cloud hanging over me, I actually start to enjoy myself. I clap when one of the guys hits the center of the target, but leave the ribbing to them. 
“Do you want to try?” Tanner asks suddenly. 
I stare at him stupidly. Is he joking? Evan snorts, rolling his eyes. That is all it takes. Throwing a withering look at Evan, I jump up. “Sure,” I say, reaching for the bow. The weight of it surprises me. Heavier than I expected, the metal bow dips my hand slightly. I want to hold it with two hands, but I am pretty sure that would make holding the arrow quite a bit harder. “If you’ll help me, that is.” 
Tanner smiles and steps in closer to me. Was he hoping I’d say that? 
“No problem. Come over here,” he says. Tanner shows me where to place my hand on the bow. “This is the riser. You want to look right along the top of the riser to sight the target.” 
“Okay,” I say. Tanner’s two friends move back, a few yards behind me. Jackson looks a little worried. Evan just looks like he’s getting ready to laugh. I glance back at Tanner. “Are you sure you want me to try this?” 
Tanner laughs, bringing a shy smile to my face. I really don’t want to look like an idiot in front of him. “You’ll be fine,” he says. He readies an arrow for me, which brings him right up next to me and seriously messes with my ability to concentrate. “Just let the arrow rest on the top of your hand. Now pull it back as far as you can.” 
Pulling cautiously at first, I struggle against the tension in the string. My arm strains, but the arrow only moves about eight inches. Evan is doubled over with laughter. Even Jackson covers his mouth with the back of his hand. I grit my teeth and let the arrow drop for a moment. “Let me try again.” 
“Here, I’ll help,” Tanner says. His smile is soft, but a little crooked. I can tell he’s trying not to laugh as well. I feel like a huge wimp. 
Tanner steps behind me this time and brings his hands up to my shoulders. I hadn’t noticed how much taller than me Tanner is until he looks down at me over my shoulder. Now I feel like a midget, too.
 “Bring your elbow up, like this.” He pushes my elbow up a little higher and covers my hand that is holding the bow with his own. Bringing his other arm around me, his hand tightens around my fingers and the end of the arrow. “Now pull it back toward your ear.” 
I pull as hard as I can. The arrow moves a little further than before, and then Tanner takes over, pulling the string taught and holding it. “Do you have the bull’s-eye sighted?” he asks. 
I try to concentrate on the bull’s-eye instead of Tanner’s closeness, but that is easier said than done. After inching the bow slightly to the left, the center circle comes in line with the riser. “Yeah, I have it now.” 
“When I say ‘now,’ let go.” 
“Okay.”
“Now.”
I release my grip and watch the arrow slide past my hand. It veers from where I intended it to fly, sliding past the target and into the tall grass, but I am at least pleased to see how far it went. Evan hoots at my miss. Jackson pushes him to the ground, but looks glad he moved behind me. 
“That was good for a first try,” Tanner says. 
“I couldn’t even pull the arrow back far enough,” I say. I hand the bow back to Tanner. “Thanks for the help. It probably wouldn’t have gone ten feet without you.” 
“Did you like it?” he asks. 
I smile. I doubt I will ever be able to draw the arrow on my own, but watching it fly away was breathtaking. Having Tanner as a teacher isn’t too bad either. Knowing that my mom will kill me for doing something so dangerous, as I am sure she will see it, only adds to my smile. “It was neat. Thanks for letting me try.” Tanner’s smile brightens. I turn away from him, heading deeper into the meadow. 
“Where are you going?” he asks, catching up to me in a few short steps. 
“You want your arrow back, don’t you?” I ask. 
Together we search through the tall grasses for the misguided arrow. Tanner is, of course, the one to spot the bright red fletching. It’s stuck in the dirt just outside the line of trees surrounding the meadow. 
“Sorry.” 
“No problem.” Tanner wipes the dirt off the arrow head on his pant leg before returning it to the quiver tied to his thigh. “Hey, a bunch of us are getting together at the beach on Saturday.” 
“Oh yeah,” I say, “for the bonfire.” 
Tanner cocks an eyebrow. “You’ve already heard about that? I thought you’d only been here a few days.” 
I grin. “You country kids must be hard up for company. It was practically the first thing out of that girl’s mouth at the grocery store. I think her name was Anne or Amy.” 
“Dani,” Tanner corrects. “I should have guessed it was her. She usually meets the new arrivals first. Everybody needs to restock the fridge after moving in, I guess.” 
I smile again. “Yeah, I guess so.” 
“So, are you going to come?” Tanner asks. “I could give you a ride if you want.” 
“I don’t know, Dani seemed willing to show me how to get there, too,” I tease. 
“She doesn’t even give me a chance,” Tanner says. The breeze flips a stray piece of hair into my eyes and Tanner reaches up to brush it away. His fingertips brush against my forehead and I literally feel my skin tingle. Tanner looks at his fingers and quickly drops them, his cheeks turning a shade pinker than before. 
My earlier concerns try to drift back into my mind, but I push the unpleasant thoughts away immediately. “A ride would be nice. As long as I don’t have to sit by Evan, that is,” I say. “I think he’s still laughing at me.” 
“Evan can drive himself if he can’t behave,” Tanner promises. 
By the time we make it back to Tanner’s friends, Evan has managed to calm himself down. “Good try,” Jackson says politely. 
Evan stifles another chuckle, but manages to keep his hysterical laughter in check this time. Normally, I might have stomped away from his childishness with my nose in the air, but here, the teasing doesn’t really bother me that much. Standing next to Tanner might be part of the reason for that. 
“Shooting like a girl suddenly has new meaning to me,” Evan says. He just couldn’t resist. 
It is such a relief to be around people my own age again. Not having my mom hovering overhead, trying to gauge whether I am moving toward well-adjusted quickly enough is a huge relief. I’m not sure how I would survive the summer without a few distractions to get me out of the house. Evan’s playful attitude grips me, and before I think too much about it, I punch Evan in the shoulder, grinning while I do it. 
“Ow!” he exclaims. He rubs his shoulder, pretending I actually did some damage. “She hits better than she shoots, at least.” That earns him a punch from Tanner as well. “Alright, alright, it was a good try, Arra. Actually, Tanner’s bow is way too big for you. I would have been shocked if you had been able to draw the arrow on your own.” 
I turn on Tanner. His grin is his only answer. I smirk, feeling a little foolish, but still happier than I’ve been in a while. “Well it’s not like I carry around extra bows just in case a pretty girl walks in while we’re practicing,” he says in his defense. 
I don’t miss the ‘pretty girl’ thrown in so casually. I turn away, hoping he doesn’t see me blush. Looking up into the sky, I suddenly realize how low the sun has dipped. My mom was thrilled to see me leave the house, but I know I will be in for a lecture if I don’t make it home on time. “What time is it?” 
Tanner pulls a cell phone out of his jeans pocket. I am more than a little surprised to see it. I would have bet a week’s allowance that you couldn’t get reception out here in Grainer. Actually, my dad claimed that was the big reason for cancelling my cell phone before we moved. We might have to talk about that tonight. Tanner catches my shocked look and laughs. 
“What, you’ve never seen a cell phone either? I would’ve thought you’d have three or four, being from Manhattan and all,” Tanner says. 
I completely ignore that comment. “The time?” 
“It’s a quarter to six,” he informs me. 
“Oh crap,” I say. My mom will be calling Dad away from the hospital early if her mopey daughter doesn’t appear in time to help prepare dinner. 
“What’s wrong?” Jackson asks. 
“Oh, it’s just that I’m supposed to help my mom with dinner tonight.” I look around the forest, my brow crinkling. Which way was I walking when I ran into these guys? “Um, I’m not even sure where I am. I was just kind of wandering.” 
“Go get the targets, guys,” Tanner says to his two friends. Evan grumbles something about doing all the work as he walks away, but he goes anyway. “I’ll drive you back if you want.” 
“Thanks,” I say, “that would be great.” 
My mom might not think so, taking rides from strangers and all that, but it is a tossup on which one she will be more mad about, being late and making her think I died somewhere, or taking a ride from a sweet and good looking gentleman like Tanner. Maybe I can have Tanner drop me off a block away and avoid having to find out. “My mom really freaks out if I’m late.”
Tanner flashes his teeth again. “Well, we can’t have you getting grounded before the bonfire, now can we?” 
“You just want to know where I live,” I tease. “I think you might be a stalker.” 
“I think you might be the one stalking me.” He pushes me playfully toward his truck. “Get in.” 
The ride home doesn’t last long enough. All too soon my house comes into view. I plan to just hop out and run up to my front door to avoid being any later than I already am, but Tanner surprises me when he shuts off the engine and gets out of the truck. I get out quickly, not sure it’s such a good idea for him to get too close to the house. I would hate his first impression of my family to be my mom freaking out on him. 
“Uh, you really don’t have to walk me to my door,” I say as he walks up to me. 
Tanner shrugs. “It’s no problem.” 
Well, it might be, I think as I scan the windows for my mom’s face. We reach the front door quickly. I hesitate to actually approach the door. My anxiety level begins to creep up. I know my mom is going to throw it open at any moment with demands of where I have been and who I am with. 
“Well, thanks for the ride.” 
“Any time,” Tanner says. He smiles and steps a little closer to me. “I know you’re not loving it here so far, but it’s really not too bad. There’s more to do here than you might think. The beach isn’t very far, and there are some great hiking trails in the forest, too. If you want to check any of them out, just let me know. I’d be happy to show you around.” 
Despite the fact that hiking around in nature with bugs and animals doesn’t sound all that appealing, I appreciate the offer. Spending time with Tanner would definitely be worth any amount of bugs or creatures. 
“Thanks, Tanner. Maybe I’ll take you up on that sometime.” 
“I hope you do,” Tanner says. 
The silence that descends as we stand on the front porch is close and comforting. Concerns about my mom walking out disappear from my mind. Neither of us speaks. I don’t want to chase away this feeling with words. Tanner seems reluctant to leave as well. He steps closer, but seems unsure of what to do next. 
“I guess I should let you go in and help your mom,” Tanner says quietly. 
“I guess.” My sigh admits my reluctance to see him leave. 
Tanner seems to take courage from my reaction. Maybe before he can think better of it, he quickly closes the distance between us and wraps his arms around me in a hug. I am more than a little surprised, but not enough to keep me from returning the gesture. It doesn’t last long. Tanner pulls back quickly, but I won’t be forgetting it any time soon. 
“Thank you for this afternoon,” I say. “It’s the most fun I’ve had since I got here.” 
Tanner grins. “Just let me know when you’re up for round two. I live one street over in the green house.” 
“I’ll see you around then.” 
“I look forward to it,” Tanner says before finally heading back to his truck. 
Turning to face the front door, I sigh as I know it is time to face my mom. Pushing the door open, I’m not surprised to find her waiting for me with a panicked expression. 
“Where have you been?” she demands as soon as I step through the door. “And who was that boy on the porch?” 
I knew I should have had Tanner drop me off a block away. 
“Relax, Mom. I was taking a walk in the woods and ran into some guys who live around here.” 
I consciously decide not to mention the archery lesson. I know that would trump the ride home with Tanner without a doubt. My mom won’t even carry a pocket knife. When my dad wanted to get a gun to keep in the apartment in Manhattan, my mom had all but threatened divorce when he mentioned it. 
“Guys? More than the boy on the porch?” 
“They’re just some boys I’ll be going to school with in the fall. We hung out for a while and they gave me a ride home. The boy on the porch is named Tanner, the other two are Evan and Jackson.” I really hope my mom will drop the topic. “What are we having for dinner?” 
“Arrabella, you know better than to accept rides from strangers,” she says, her stance moving into the nagging mother position. 
“Oh good grief, Mom. Give it a rest. You’re the one who wanted me to make friends, remember? They’re nice guys. Tanner lives on the next street over from us. I’m sure you’ll meet all their parents by the end of the week.” I relax a little as I watch my mom’s stance soften. 
“You just scared me, that’s all. I’m not used to being in a small town yet. I still feel like we’re in Manhattan sometimes. I just worry about you.” 
I smile at her. I know my mom was the biggest push to move the family out to Grainer. She never felt safe in Manhattan. Having grown up in a small town herself, she just never adjusted to big city life. “So, do you still want some help with dinner?” 
Dad is still at the hospital when dinner is finally on the table, but my mom and I enjoy sharing the meal regardless. Eating without my dad is hardly a new thing, although living in Grainer promises to make it a much less frequent occurrence than usual. That, at least, is something to look forward to. I watch my mom carefully prepare a plate for my dad and place it in the oven to keep it warm, just as I have watched her do so many times before. Together we wash the dinner dishes and talk about our day. It feels nice. It feels normal. We have barely talked at all in the past week. Stacking the last dish in the strainer, I kiss my mom’s cheek before excusing myself to my room. 
More tired than I realized, I find myself laying on my bed wondering where I left the novel I’ve been reading, but too lazy to get up and really look for it. Opening the nightstand drawer, because it’s the closest place I can think of, I am startled to find the photos staring back at me. The afternoon out of the house has practically erased my earlier uneasiness. The peculiar eyes in the photos strike me deeply. I swear I can feel their eyes on me, watching me and waiting. The unsettling shiver returns immediately. 
I had pretty much forgotten about my plan to visit my grandpa, but now I feel like I need to keep that appointment. Setting the photos back on my nightstand, I can’t forget them when I make my way over to the bathroom to get ready for bed. I take my time, but find myself back in bed too quickly. Climbing under a light blanket, thoughts of dying young girls swirl in my mind. 
I lay in bed staring at the ceiling. Knowing by now that the dream will come again, I try to keep my eyes open as long as possible. The problem is that there’s nothing up there to hold my attention. Debating about what I could hang on the ceiling that will keep me awake the longest, I feel my eyes start to close. Against my wishes, the dim light of the moon fades from my sight and I fall asleep. 





Chapter Seven

The raven haired girl’s proud figure grows more distinct as the mist thins and becomes shifting smoke from two large fire bowls built at the temple’s base. Forced to begin walking by the guard behind her, she trudges up the stairs. She counts each step she takes in her mind. She counts to keep herself from screaming at the guards and the crowd and Fate itself. She looks at her feet to shield her eyes from the stinging smoke swirling around her body, and struggles to keep from looking at the top of the stone staircase. 
It is a morbid desire to look at what awaits her, she knows, but in the end she can’t keep from giving in. She glances up to the plateau above her. The billowing smoke barrels down at her, and she knows it comes from the great sacrificial altar standing in the center of the mesa. It waits there year round, reminding the city of their commitment to the gods. 
At the sight of the smoke, her stomach turns and she quickly lowers her head, unwilling to face her future. She fears the smoke, but she knows it is the least terrifying element that awaits her at the top of the stone staircase. She keeps walking up the steps and watches as the smoke grows larger and the fire that produces it comes into view. 
Wanting to run back to her small mud brick home, the raven-haired girl looks out into the crowd, hoping for a sympathetic face, but cringing when she sees instead nothing but intense joy in the faces of the crowd. They cheer and jump and clamber to get closer to her. 
Seeing their excitement sends hate rushing through her body, pushing every other feeling away. Straightening herself, she sets her mouth in a scowl and glares at each stone step she is forced to tread. The rough stone scrapes against her bare feet. She despises the crowd for their cheering. She looks down at them again, though she cannot see their faces anymore, and silently curses them for the savagery. 
When the hate-filled girl looks back toward her destination, the first guard has stopped. She forgets her anger instantly and stiffens in fear. She has reached the end of the stone staircase. There is nowhere to run. 
A breeze begins to blow, but not even her hair moves as the wind silently carries in a thick mist that envelopes her body. 

***

Waking up late in the night, I am barely able to breathe. The raven haired girl’s fear has me nearly paralyzed. The girl from the dream, her face is etched in my memory forever. Sitting up, I try to blink the image away. I reach for the lamp and switch it on. Soft yellow light spreads over the nightstand and blanket. 
As my eyes adjust, they fall on the photos. The face from my dream stares back at me hauntingly. The only thing the faces in the photos are missing is the ceremonial paint that the girl in the dream is forced to wear. The silvery eyes look the same, but are filled with very different emotions. The happiness in the photos is obvious, but the fear that overshadows me dulls the emotion and I imagine I can see the desperation behind their smiles. 
As I stare at the photos, I realize something else that I should have caught right away. The girl from the dream looks no older than either of the girls in the photos. Why? What is happening? Why are all these girls suddenly reaching out to me? Having no answer to my own questions, I lay staring into the shadows. 
I try to understand the fear surrounding me, but I can’t even understand what, if anything is happening to me. I feel as if I am being pulled into something beyond my control. The late night hours stir my mind and lead me to a thousand different conclusions that make very little sense and finally back toward sleep. In the morning I will find some answers. At least, I hope I will. 





Chapter Eight

Walking to my grandfather’s house early the next morning, I wonder again if I am making too big of a deal about the photos. Based on my parents’ reactions, I am sure they would say that I am if I actually tried to explain my fears and theories, but they don’t know about my dreams. Without the dreams, I would probably agree. 
Maybe it will all turn out to be nothing, stress from moving or something like that. But if I don’t at least try to answer the nagging call I feel when I looked at the pictures of Katie and Maera or think about the dreams, I will never be rid of the suspicions that have enveloped me. 
I take a deep breath and knock on my grandpa’s door. I really hope I’m not about to make a fool of myself as I watch the door knob turn. Grandpa Alden opens the door, and seeing who is calling on him, lights up with joy. He ushers me into his cozy home with hugs and promises of treats regardless of the fact that I just finished breakfast. 
“Arrabella,” he cries, “how are you, darling? I’m so glad you’ve come to visit me. I get lonely around this old house.” Even when talking about his loneliness, my grandpa has a sweet and excited smile on his wizened face. I feel sorry that I haven’t made the effort to come see him before now. 
Explaining that he was in the process of making himself some hot chocolate when I arrived, he hurries back into the kitchen. He is always in the process of making hot chocolate. I can’t pull up a single memory of my grandfather’s house when I have not been offered hot chocolate and cookies. 
“How did your doctor’s appointment go, Grandpa?” I ask from the living room. 
“Oh it was fine. The old heart is still pumping away, even if my cholesterol is still too high.” 
I hear the tinkling of coffee mugs being taken out of the cupboard. “Grandpa, you have to take care of yourself,” I chide, filling in for my mom. Every memory of hot chocolate at my grandpa’s house is always followed by the memory of my mom’s troubled frown. It isn’t just her children she worries about.
“Don’t you worry about me, honey. I’m just fine.” 
He returns from the kitchen with two mugs brimming with hot chocolate and little white marshmallows. I smile at the colorful mugs as I take one and remember the story he told about buying them at the end of a long hike in the mountains of Chile. Everything in his house has a story behind it. 
My grandpa sits down across from me with his mug and a smile that matches my own. Even now, in the middle of a hot summer, he warms his hands against his mug of hot chocolate. If this is how you get to be seventy something years old and still active and happy, everyone should drink hot chocolate every day. 
"So what brought you to my house? Do you want to hear a story?" he asks hopefully.
"Actually, I do," I say, but pause before making my request. Will he really tell me about Katie and Maera, I wonder? Foolish or not, there is no turning back for me. I need to know. "I wanted to hear about Katie…and Maera," I say. My grandpa's face saddens and he lowers his eyes to his cup of hot chocolate. 
"I didn't even know that you knew about either of them. Did your dad tell you?" he asks.
"Not really. I was helping Mom sort photos and I came across some pictures of them. Dad did tell me that they both died, but not much else. What happened to Maera?" I ask as I carefully lay the photos out on the coffee table. 
"Your mother has so many pictures. She's quite the genealogist, actually. She has all the names of our family written down for generations,” he says. A deep sigh escapes his lips before saying, “But she doesn't know the stories.” He looks back into his mug of dark liquid. "Maera, my beautiful twin sister, I still miss her, even after so long."
"Maera was your twin? Dad didn't tell me that," I say. The grief that still shows in his face makes me wonder if I made a mistake in assuming my grandpa will tell me what I want to know. My mom may have made a mistake in assuming my dad will overcome his grief one day, too. 
"Yes, we were best friends.” My grandpa looks up and regains some of the jovial attitude he had earlier. "You want to know how she died, don't you?" he says, managing a meager smile. I nod guiltily. "Well, for her sixteenth birthday, I mean our sixteenth birthday, our whole family went on a trip to the beach. Maera loved the beach. She spent every spare minute she had there.” He pauses again, stirring his hot chocolate and looking at the photos I brought with me. He picks one up and says, “This is a picture of her that very day.” 
His eyes become teary and he puts the photo back down when his hand starts to shake. I pick it up immediately. It is one of the pictures I found early this morning before coming to see him. A beautiful girl with midnight black pig tails and a boyishly old fashioned bathing suit smiles and waves at the camera. I am stunned to know I am holding a photo of Maera taken on the very day she died. The young woman’s smile haunts me, and I too set it back down on the table. 
“Maera and I decided to race each other to a buoy that was a dozen or so yards from the shore. I'm not sure how far it really was, but she was way ahead of me, laughing while she swam.” He smiles as he remembers the day. 
“I was swimming hard, trying to catch up to her. I slowed a little and glanced at her to see if I was gaining any ground. But when I looked up, I saw her splashing around and yelling for me to help her. I still remember how scared she looked. I tried to get to her, but I couldn't swim fast enough. I was almost there, when she suddenly went under, pulled under, it seemed.” He shakes his head, as if he just said something ridiculous. “When I finally pulled her back to the surface she wasn’t breathing."
The memories I’m forcing him to recall drain him of his usual cheer and warmth. He blinks his eyes furiously to keep the tears back. Looking into my mug, I regret the pain I’m causing him. I want to crawl home and slip back into the comfort of my bed, but something pushes me on, telling me that I need to know what really happened to these girls. 
The fact that both Katie and Maera died on their sixteenth birthdays could merely be coincidence, but because of the dreams and the strange urgency I feel, I sense something more serious is happening. My own sixteenth birthday is only days away and its approach is rapidly losing its normal appeal. 
Neither I nor my grandfather speaks for several minutes. I can’t tear my mind away from the lost girls, and the glazed look in my grandpa’s eyes says he is having the same problem. Neither girl’s death seems particularly extraordinary. A drowning and a horse riding accident, those could happen to anyone. Only the day holds some clue. I consider that I have made a huge mistake in my assumptions, but I know I am missing something very important.
"Why did Maera drown?" I wonder. “It sounds like she was a strong swimmer.” 
"Nobody could be sure. To me, it’s strange, but it almost looked like someone was pulling her under,” he says quietly. “Some said it must have been some kind of riptide, but the waters were very calm that day. And why would it catch Maera and not me? I wasn’t that far away from her.” He sighs deeply. “I just couldn’t understand it. It was a very strange incident, just like Katie.”
"Just like Katie? What do you mean? I thought Katie was thrown from her horse. That’s horrible, but it could happen at any time."
"Oh, the fact that she was thrown from her horse wasn’t strange. It was the why that was strange,” he says knowingly. “There was nothing around that would have spooked that lazy old nag of a horse. And the fall shouldn't have killed her," he says matter-of-factly. 
I cock my head to the side. It is the hint I wanted, but am I just fishing for something to confirm my fears? My grandpa sounds a little too much like he’s looking for a connection. I begin to wonder whether I’m doing the same thing. 
"After the accident, your father told me something that set me on edge,” he says, leaning toward me seriously. “He said that they had been running the horses and he was ahead, but he heard her scream and looked back. He could see that she was galloping her horse way too hard, as if she was running from something. He said that both she and the horse looked terrified. 
“The police looked around for something that might have scared them, but they couldn’t find anything. As Katie’s horse neared your father, the animal reared, throwing Katie right into the tree. When the medical examiner spoke to us about the cause of her death, he didn’t really have an answer. Her skull had been cracked, but as the doctor said, it was a relatively mild injury. In the end, he said she must have died of shock.” My grandpa shakes his head, his tired hands clenched tightly into weathered fists. “It devastated your father. He won't talk about it now." 
I find I am speechless. I came here secretly hoping that my grandpa would simply pat my head and tell me everything was fine. I wanted to hear something that would finally send the incessant nagging feeling away, but now the feeling seems to increase, begging me to continue. Balanced on the edge of truth and blissful ignorance, I know which way I will fall. 
My grandpa looks up at me with the most serious look I have ever seen on his normally cheery face. “Now, Arra, what happened to Maera and Katie can’t be undone. There is nothing you can do to help them now. Take my word on that, please. You have to worry about yourself now. Just trust me, alright?” he asks. 
“Grandpa, what are you talking about? It can’t just be coincidence that Katie and Maera both died so strangely, and on their sixteenth birthdays, no less,” I protest. “I can’t just leave it alone. There is something wrong. Can’t you feel it?”
My grandpa sighs and looks at the hot chocolate he spilled on the table a moment ago, "Of course there’s something wrong, Arra, that’s what I’m trying to tell you. But trust me, there’s nothing we can do about what’s already happened. You need to start looking ahead, looking to your own future.” Pausing to wipe up the spill with a neatly folded paper towel, he looks as if he is wrestling with a decision. 
I struggle to understand his strange words. I didn’t expect to resurrect the lost girls, only to find out why they had died under such strange circumstances. Maybe unraveling the mysteries of their deaths will free them from their forgotten prison. Maybe my dad will be able to let it go. Why does he keep telling me to look forward, to take care of myself? What do I have to do with anything? I want to know about Katie and Maera. A strange feeling suddenly settles over the room. His words are a warning. He is trying to tell me something, something very difficult. I let my other questions float away and turn back to my grandpa. 
Finally, he shakes his head and says, “Listen, Arra. Katie and Maera, their deaths weren’t just coincidence. After Maera died, I suspected Katie was next, but I couldn’t do anything to stop it. No, I didn’t do enough to stop it. I didn’t believe. We cannot escape our fate, that’s what everyone told me, but I don’t believe that." 
The desperation in my grandfather’s voice begins to scare me. He suddenly looks so much more tired and drawn. I have never seen him like this before. The abrupt change brings tears to my eyes and fear to my heart. 
Not wanting to upset him any more than I already have, I say, “Look grandpa, I’m just making a big deal about nothing. It must be just a coincidence. You couldn’t know that Katie would die just because Maera died, right? That doesn’t sound reasonable. I’m sure you’re right, there’s nothing mysterious, just a terrible coincidence.”
“I knew Katie would die, Arrabella. Don’t you doubt that,” he says gravely. 
His intensity increases dramatically, scaring me even more. I reach up and put my arm on his shoulder to comfort him, but he won’t calm down. “Arra, you don’t have to keep going with this if you don’t want to. I will do everything I can to stop it from happening again. But if you’re intent on finding out the truth, go home and find the other pictures. Look in your mother’s genealogy records. If it were only Katie and Maera, then maybe I could believe it was just a coincidence, but it wasn’t. 
“There are more, Arra, there are a lot more. There is something very wrong with our family. And it is not a coincidence that they’ve all died on their sixteenth birthdays. I don’t know for sure how to stop this, I’ve been trying for so long to figure it out, but I promise you I will not give up.” My grandpa starts to stand up, but the panic on my face must stop him. He pauses and looks down at me sadly. 
Suddenly his words start to sink in. The warning to look after myself, to look ahead, a promise to stop it from happening again, dying at sixteen, it all finally comes together. He is honestly trying to tell me that whatever killed Katie and Maera is not finished. It is coming back, for me. 
“Grandpa, you can’t mean,” I whisper, unable to finish the thought. “No, it can’t be. But…I’m turning sixteen in three days.”
As his eyes start to tear, he sets down the empty mug and wraps me in his shaking arms. “I know you are, Arra, but I won’t let them take you. I promise you that. I won’t lose you, too.” 





Chapter Nine

Shaken, I leave my grandpa’s home in a much worse state than I arrived. He really scared me with his revelations. I believed before going to his house that there was something odd about the two girl’s deaths, but I never really expected those feelings to be validated. I certainly never expected to have a death sentence pronounced upon me by my aging grandfather. 
Expecting that my grandpa would simply allay my fears with a hug and some cookies and send me home a happy teenage girl, I am bewildered by the sudden change in direction my life has taken. It is hard to believe what he’s saying, but something in me can’t deny his words.  Now, I am truly afraid for my life. I wish I’d never found Katie’s picture. 
The icy truth of that thought sinks deep. That is exactly the kind of thing I criticized my dad for earlier. It is too hard to think about it, so just pretend the problem never existed in the first place. A quick tear slides past my lashes. I have to follow this through, no matter where it leads. The first step is to follow my grandpa’s advice and look for the others. 
Still brooding about everything I’m feeling and thinking, I sulk into the house and head straight for my room. Unpacked or not, my room feels like the only place I can really focus. And I really need to focus for a few minutes, at least. I round the corner to my room and feel my plans of slipping into a hopefully peaceful sleep dispelled when my mom calls me to the kitchen. 
What is she going to complain about now? I left the house for a few hours. That should make her happy. Doesn’t that earn me a least a little guilt free time alone in my room? My feet drag as I approach the kitchen. 
“Where have you been, Arrabella? You didn’t even bother to leave me a note,” my mom demands. “When you didn’t come home for lunch I was ready to call your father.” 
“Calling Dad, really, Mom? I think you’re overreacting,” I say. In my family, calling my dad away from work is the absolute last resort. If my mom ever follows through, there had better be a life or death reason for it. If there isn’t, there probably will be afterward. 
“Do not try to tell me whether or not I am overreacting, Arra. I woke up and you were gone. You, who has barely left the house in the last week without me threatening you. I was worried about you.” My mom takes a firm stance I know all too well. If her questions are not satisfied, I know grounding will be quick to follow. 
Considering my own reasons for disappearing that morning, and considering the fact that I left the house all on my own just the day before, I feel perfectly justified in taking off. Still, I know my mother won’t excuse me without an explanation. 
Swallowing my irritation, I put on my sweetest smile, and say, “I’m sorry, Mom. I went to Grandpa’s house. I mentioned it yesterday and thought you’d remember. I guess I just didn’t think about leaving a note this morning. This town’s as big as a shoebox. I can’t even get lost if I wanted to.” 
“You went to your grandfather’s? Why?” Her hard parental front softens quite a bit. 
“Because,” I say. Why isn’t she just happy I went to visit him? She was thrilled about the idea yesterday. My mom’s lips tighten. Because is not an answer. “Because, I was feeling down and I thought he could cheer me up with some of his stories.” 
“Did it work?” my mom asks, a smile smoothing over the glare. 
“A little,” I lie. 
“I’m sorry for snapping at you, honey. I didn’t remember that you mentioned seeing grandpa yesterday. You should have left a note regardless, though. Please don’t do that again. You know how I worry.” Pulling me into a hug, she says, “I’m glad you went to see Grandpa. He’s so excited to have us near him finally.” 
“Sorry I worried you, Mom.” The hug tightens. 
“Did you have any lunch yet?” my mom asks. 
“Not unless you count hot chocolate as lunch,” I reply, bringing a grimace to my mom’s face. 
“That man and his hot chocolate. It’s summer, for crying out loud. I’ll have to speak with him about his eating habits. Come on, I’ll get you a sandwich,” she says, herding me to the kitchen table. The pleasure of having me back home safely brightens her face and I can almost see her checking off another notch for me moving toward well adjusted. My mom seems so pleased that she fails to notice when my sullen mood takes over again. She spreads mayonnaise on two pieces of bread before saying, “Maybe after lunch you can help me with the photo albums again.” 
At the mention of the photo albums, I come out of my melancholy and the desperation for answers returns. “Sure, Mom, no problem. I wanted to look for some of the people grandpa was telling me about all morning anyway.” 
My grandpa told me that there are more girls like Maera and Katie. I want to fight the idea, but I need to know who they are. I feel certain that if I can find enough information I can avoid whatever course has already been laid out for me by whoever my grandpa thinks is making the choices. I hurriedly eat the roast beef sandwich my mom sets in front of me and dive back into the piles of scattered photo album pages. 
Leaving the stacks of pictures even less organized than when I began, I search for the silver-eyed girls of my father’s family. Glowing with pride in her daughter’s sudden fascination with her hobby, my mom happily discusses the ins and outs of building a family history. I feel the slightest twinge of guilt at misleading her, but I push that away and chock it up to what has to be done. As long as I feign interest in my mom’s stories and advice, the growing mess I am creating seems to go unnoticed. 
I have never before been so grateful for my mom’s obsession with genealogy. It has always just seemed like endless piles of papers and pictures and stacks of notebooks to me. Now, as I truly looked through them, I see so much more. In the piles of photos are many generations of relatives, most of whom I have never met or even heard of, but every one of them lived a life worth remembering. Wondering what the little man with the bowler had done for a living or what was in his wife’s wicker basket, I find another photo. 
Not surprised when I find two more pictures with traits matching my own, my stomach still turns with each new discovery. The weight on me seems to deepen as I search. I have to keep reminding myself that I need to do this. Along with several more pictures of Katie and Maera, I find a few photographs of a young woman named Elizabeth Malo, who lived during the early nineteen hundreds, and only one picture of a young girl named Victoria. She sits in an old fashioned family portrait dated 1845.
I keep searching after finding the picture of Victoria, but I find no other pictures of the raven haired girls. Eventually, my mom excuses herself to make some tea, and I lay the pictures out and stared at them. Yes, I found more girls who looked like Katie, but do they share more than that? I am afraid to find out. 
Trying to beat back the desire to look up the names of the two new girls in my mom’s genealogy books, I hold out as long as I can. The need to discover what is happening to my family grows stronger every moment I sit staring at their faces. Giving in to the nagging feeling, I wander into the kitchen. Drinking a glass of iced tea, my mom looks up at me when I step into the room. 
Casually, I ask, “Hey, Mom, would you mind if I looked through some of your genealogy binders.”  
 Laughing at the odd request, she is still more than happy to fuel my supposed newfound curiosity. “Sure, Arra. Why don’t you bring them over to the table?” 
“Okay,” I say. 
I quickly retrieve the notebooks from a box in the living room and bring them to the kitchen table. Continuing to organize the cupboards, my mom glances over at me every so often as I begin searching the pages for the two long dead girls. Every page I turn that does not hold their names sends both fear and relief down my spine. Although, it takes me so long to get through a single page that the mix of emotions can’t come very often. 
“Do you need some help?” my mom asks. 
“Uh, that’s okay,” I reply. 
The last thing I want to do is explain to my mom what I am really looking for. I can hardly think of a plausible lie to explain my interest in the forms. Quietly, I hope my mom will give up organizing the kitchen and return to the photo albums in the other room. After my “help” you can barely walk across the floor because of the mess. 
“Those forms can be a little confusing the first time you try to read them,” my mom explains. She takes the chair next to me, settling in for a detailed lesson. 
What else can I do but accept her offer? Pushing her away will only provoke more questions. “Yeah, I guess they are a little confusing,” I say. 
Nodding her head in agreement, my mom points to the top of the page and begins explaining. There is much more information on one page than I expected. My mom shows me where to find the names of the parents of the family the worksheet is about, then how to find the children’s names as well. There is also detailed information about where and when each person was born, married, died, and buried. 
“Is there someone specific you were trying to find?” my mom asks. 
I turn my face to look out the window, unable to trust my features not to betray my uneasiness. “No, I was just curious,” I say. I feel bad lying to my mom, but the truth will only make things worse. “Grandpa was telling me stories about our family, about some of our ancestors in South America. I was just curious to learn about some of the people he mentioned.” I smile, hoping my explanation will hold up. 
Smiling even wider than before, my mom puts a hand on my shoulder. “You know, Grandpa was the one who inspired me to start researching our family history. When your father and I were dating, Alden was always telling me stories about one person or another. To be perfectly honest,” she says with a smile, “I thought he was making most of it up, but as I got to know more of the family I realized he was actually telling the truth. Someday I hope to have the family history all the way back to the time of the Aztecs.” 
“Grandpa would love that,” I say. I remember how my grandpa praised my mom’s work, but his disappointment that she didn’t know any of the stories came with the praise. “Have you ever thought of writing down some of his stories?” 
“I have,” she admits, “but I’m not very talented when it comes to writing narratives. Maybe this is a project you should consider taking on.” She pats my shoulder. “How was his doctor’s appointment? Did he say anything about it?” 
“Just that his cholesterol is still too high,” I say, thankful for the change in topics. “He said he was fine, though.” 
“He always says that,” my mom says. The frown on her face says she does not appreciate his optimism. “He really ought to take better care of himself. Maybe I’ll have your father speak to him about it tonight.” 
I shrug and smile. I doubt it will do any good, but I don’t want to see my grandpa leave me any earlier than he has to. 
“You should think about helping Grandpa write his family’s stories down. He won’t always be around to tell them,” she says. 
“I’ll think about it, Mom. Thanks for the help with the forms,” I say as she moves back toward the living room, looking distracted. 
“Sure, dear. I’ll be working on the photo albums for a while.” 
“Okay, Mom.” 
My search drags on for the rest of the afternoon, but the hours are definitely not wasted. After a considerable amount of time spent getting used to the way the full page forms are organized, I start flipping through them with ease. Finally, I come across an entry for Elizabeth Malo. Victoria’s entry is many pages deeper into the binder. I happen upon it just as my mom comes back into the kitchen and asks me to clean up for dinner. Quickly noting the death date, I flip the notebook closed. 
Elizabeth Malo was born in nineteen hundred two and died in nineteen hundred eighteen. The picture I found of Victoria was dated 1845, but she was apparently only twelve in that picture, and sadly died four years later. I wish I could say I’m surprised to discover that both girls died on their sixteenth birthdays just like Katie and Maera. After my grandpa’s startling reaction to the topic, I knew what I would find. Actually finding the dates still sends fear crawling down my spine, though. Even with only four links, I know the chain will continue, even past my mom’s records. 
When my mom asks me to clear the notebooks out of the room so the table can be set for dinner, I truly feel like giving up. I don’t want to find anything else. I am so disheartened and worried that I honestly consider putting everything I learned back into their boxes and simply waiting, waiting for whatever is going to find me. I am beyond simply pretending I never saw Katie’s picture. What I know can’t be taken back anymore. Do I really want to know what is going to happen anyway? Can it in any way make it better, especially if I can do nothing to escape my fate? 
All through dinner I wrestle with whether I should continue my search. Grandpa gave me the choice. He promised to keep working whether I continue or not. And to be honest, he really didn’t sound like he thinks I can do anything that would really matter. Will it make that much of a difference? 
My fear compels me to give up, but how can I know what is coming and simply sit and wait for death to swallow me. If there is something hunting the women of my family, then finding the reason, or the hunter, could stop everything. I have no illusions of becoming some kind of Hollywood heroine, saving the day in the nick of time, but perhaps I can still do something. I refuse to turn myself over to some unseen power, walking meekly to my last breath. 
I watch my mom clear the table and prepare a plate for my dad as I try to decide what to do. My dad won’t get home until after ten o’clock, but he never misses my mom’s meals. My mom’s practiced movements unfortunately hold no divine inspiration for me. Dragging the books and pictures I have been searching into my bedroom, I drop it on my bed and know there really isn’t any choice to make. Finding the truth is the only way to go. Spreading everything I have acquired on my bedspread, I survey the collage. What is going on? Determined to find the answers, I settle onto the only bare spot on the bed. 





Chapter Ten

I am scouring more of the genealogy records when the phone rings. My mom answers by the second ring and I go back to my search, ignoring the one sided conversation. Or at least trying too. 
“Arra,” my mom calls. 
Annoyed at the interruption, I trudge into the living room. “Yeah, Mom?” 
“That was your dad on the phone. He left his wallet here, and he won’t be home for a while yet. Would you mind running to the hospital for me?” 
The hospital is a more than a mile from our house. With no metro trains, I don’t want to walk the entire way there and back. I am about to object when my mother holds out the keys to her car. 
“Really?” I ask doubtfully. I just finished Driver’s Ed before we left Manhattan, but I can’t get my learner’s permit until after my birthday. My mom has never before allowed me to cheat and drive on my own. Her fear of letting a teenager drive among other cars is almost as great as having a gun in the house. 
“The traffic’s not so bad here. I’m sure you’ll be fine, right? Your dad thought so. And it’s only a mile, right?” my mom says uncertainly. “Maybe you can stop and get us some ice cream on your way back.” 
From the way my mom is clutching the keys in her nervous hands, I start to wonder whether my dad was behind the request from the beginning. He is trying just as hard as my mom to get me to accept Grainer as my new home. What neither of my parents realizes is that living in Grainer is the lowest thing on my list of worries right now. 
“Well, get going. You’re father’s hungry. He needs a snack, at least.” My mom relinquishes the keys with a smile that is twitching at one corner. “Take this too,” she says, tossing me her cell phone. “Just in case.” She shrugs nervously and waves me out the door. 
Excited, I dart across the lawn to the car. My mom’s car is a sensible Volvo S40. Known to be some of the safest cars in production, my mom refuses to drive anything but a Volvo. I turn the ignition and grin. Perhaps moving to Grainer will provide a few perks I wouldn’t have gotten in the city after all. 
Enjoying the freedom the car provides, I make my way through the practically empty streets to the hospital. Given the fact that I can see the hospital from any high point in town, I make it to the main entrance fairly easily. I pull up to find my dad waiting for me in front of the big sliding doors that have a sign above it that reads “Emergency.” From the peaceful atmosphere, I doubt an actual emergency happens here very often. 
My dad waves at me as he approaches the car. He seems pleased that my mom gave in to his suggestion. I jump out and hand him his wallet. “Hey, sweetheart, thanks for bringing me my wallet.” 
“Yeah, no problem,” I say. 
“How was the drive?” he asks, grinning widely. 
“It was fine, Dad. Thanks for that by the way. I don’t know how you convinced mom to go along with it, being that this is potentially dangerous, and technically illegal.” 
There is no point in denying it was his idea, so he just shrugs my thanks away. “There were what, three other cars on the road? I figured you could handle it without running off the road.” He smiles. “But don’t think this is going to become a regular occurrence.” 
“I know, I know,” I say with a shake of my head. I want to spend a few more minutes with him, but his dinner hour is quickly wasting away. After a brief hug I start back to the car. 
“Oh, hey, Dad, do you know where I can get some ice cream around here?” I ask. 
“There’s a place on Main Street. You can’t miss it. It’s the only one in town,” he says, rolling his eyes dramatically, mocking me and all my complaints I’m sure. I just laugh. He joins in and kisses the top of my head before hurrying back inside. 
Pulling back onto Main Street, I quickly find out why my dad was so sure I would be able to find the ice cream shop. The painted image of an ice cream cone towers a good five feet higher than any of the other buildings on the strip. After several attempts, I manage to parallel park the Volvo smack dab in front of the giant ice cream cone. 
The ice cream parlor is exactly what I expected it to be, straight out of an episode of The Andy Griffith Show. I smile to myself and approached the counter. All I can see is a middle aged woman with her back to me. I’m not sure what she’s doing until I hear a screeching sound and see her turn to reveal a soft-serve ice cream machine. The woman behind the counter is too busy man-handling the machine to notice me at first. 
“Excuse me?” I say. 
“Oh. Sorry, I’ll be with you in a moment,” she says with a strained smile. 
I nod, in no hurry to get back home. Studying the menu, I wonder what my mom will like. Jingling bells announce the arrival of another customer. I know a total of four people in this town, but I still want to see who it is. I glance back at the door. The dim evening light shadows the three young men pushing each other through the door. I grin. Speaking of people I know ….
“Tanner,” the woman behind the counter says with relief, “thanks for coming down. I can’t get this dang thing to spin right. Every time I take the blade out to wash it, I can’t get it to go back in. This machine drives me nuts.” She looks thoroughly embarrassed to be discussing the malfunction in front of a customer. “Sorry for the delay.” 
“Don’t worry about it,” I reply. “Hey, Tanner.” 
“Hey, Arra. What are you up to?” he asks as he climbs up the step ladder to see the inside of the ice cream machine better. 
“Arra,” the woman says, glancing at Tanner. “Arrabella Malo, the new doctor’s daughter?” 
“That would be me.” 
“She prefers Arra, Mom, not Arrabella,” Tanner says as he yanks on the blade. 
“How nice to meet you, Arra,” she says extending her hand. A quick smile flashes in Tanner’s direction. “Tanner told me about meeting you yesterday. I was hoping I’d run into you soon.” 
Tanner sighs and rolls his eyes. “Arra, this is my mom, Cheryl. Mom, this is Arra.” Metal grinding against metal turns Cheryl’s attention back to the ice cream machine. 
“For goodness sake, Tanner, don’t break the damn thing!” 
“It’s fine, Mom.” Tanner turns the machine on with a satisfied smile. Cheryl smirks at his success. Stepping down from the ladder, Tanner turns his attention back to me. “So, uh, you want some ice cream?” 
“That was the plan,” I say. “Are you going to get it for me?” I bite back a laugh as he makes his way behind the counter. 
“What would you like?” Tanner asks. The counters had obviously been built to match his mother’s shorter height. Tanner looks a little out of place, having to bend significantly to dig the ice cream out of the tubs. 
“I’ll have a mocha cone,” Evan interrupts. 
Jackson glances at me. He looks partially apologetic for his friend’s rude behavior, but equally hungry. I wave him on. “Cookies and cream for me,” Jackson says. 
Tanner hurriedly scoops out the ice cream and hands them over the sneeze guard. “Now, beat it.” His two friends laugh mockingly, but head to a table by the window. “Sorry,” he says. 
“Don’t worry about it. What should I get?” 
“Um, what do you like?” he asks. 
“Well, I like chocolate, and my mom likes anything with raspberries in it,” I say. 
Without answering, Tanner goes to work. He works the scoop into an almost black tub labeled Brownie Bonanza. The ice cream sits rather lopsided on the cone when he’s done with it. He presses it down into the cone, trying to keep it from falling off. “I was never very good at this,” Tanner admits. 
“I’m sure it tastes fine,” I say. “What do you recommend for my mom?” 
“Definitely the raspberry sorbet, but I’ll wait to get that until you’re ready to leave.” Tanner takes a big scoop of peanut butter fudge and plops it on a cone for himself. 
“And what makes you think I’m not ready to leave right now?” I ask, a smile playing on my lips. I want to stay, but my mom will definitely have a fit if I wait any longer. I don’t want another lecture about how she almost had to call my dad away from the hospital. 
“How can you resist a man with free ice cream?” Tanner laughs. 
He is lucky his friends are far enough away not to have heard that. Evan would have died of laughter. Tanner himself looks fairly embarrassed that the lame line actually came out of his mouth. I am about to explain why I need to leave when a sharp ring springs from my pocket. For once, I am actually glad my mom called to see if I’ve been in a car accident or stung by a killer bee. 
I snatch the phone from my jeans and answer it. “Hi, Mom.” 
“Arra, where are you? I thought you’d be back by now.” 
“Mom, I stopped to get ice cream, remember? There was a little problem with their ice cream machine so I had to wait a few minutes,” I explain. 
“Oh, okay. I was just worried. How’s the car?” 
“Mom, were not in Manhattan anymore. Relax. I’m fine. The car’s fine. Everything’s fine,” I say, getting annoyed again. Tanner stands waiting, pretending to watch his friends. “Actually, Mom, do you mind if I’m out a little longer? I ran into Tanner. His mom owns the ice cream shop.” 
“Tanner? The boy from yesterday?”
“How many other Tanners do I know, Mom?”
“Well, I guess that’s alright then. Just don’t be too long.” 
“Thanks, Mom. See you in a little while.” 
I close the phone and return it to my pocket. 
“You want to sit down?” Tanner asks. He has obviously been listening to every word. That probably should seem rude to me, but I doubt anything Tanner might do will annoy me too much. 
“Sure. Lead the way,” I say. 
Tanner leads me to a table as far away from his friends as possible, which still isn’t very far, since the dining area is only slightly bigger than our living room. We take our chairs and silence falls over us. I taste my ice cream, trying to keep it from dripping all over my hand, and try to think of something to say. The chocolate is dark and strong and incredibly distracting. I can’t think of anything else at the moment. 
“Do you like it?” 
“It’s really good, Tanner, thanks,” I say honestly. I wonder whether his mom will teach me how to make this. I could eat it every day. 
“Thank my mom. She makes all the ice cream herself. She banned me from working in the store a long time ago,” Tanner admits. “But to be perfectly honest, ice cream is the only thing she can make. If she tries to invite you over for dinner, run.” 
I laugh. “Seriously?” 
Tanner nods. “Just don’t tell her I told you that.” 
“I won’t, but thanks for the warning.” 
We drift back into silence as we eat our ice cream. I notice Tanner’s mother make her way back into the kitchen. She looks at me with an appraising smile. I am suddenly sure that Cheryl will run into my mother very soon. Mother’s can’t help but gossip about their children, it would seem. I remember all too well going through this before with my brother David. I found it amusing then, but not so much now when I know I am about to become the center of the gossip and planning. 
“Would you like to practice archery with me again sometime?” Tanner asks suddenly. 
Surprised, I swallow my ice cream slowly to force myself from jumping at the invitation. “I don’t know if I could take the embarrassment,” I say drily. 
“You can use my sister’s bow next time. It’s smaller, so you should be able to draw it a little easier,” he promises. 
“I wouldn’t count on that,” I say. “I’ve really never been that great at sports.” 
“Well, you won’t know unless you try. I can teach you.” Tanner catches a large drip of ice cream before it splatters on the table. “Besides,” he says, “you’ve got to find something to occupy your time now that you live here. Like you said, there’s not that much to do in Grainer.” 
Caught by my own words, I smile. I, of course, intended to accept his invitation from the start, but watching him try to convince me has me and Tanner’s mother grinning. “As long as you promise not to laugh,” I agree. 
“Deal. What are you doing tomorrow?” Tanner asks, grinning shamelessly now. I can’t resist laughing. 
“I’ll probably be at my grandpa’s house. He’s, uh, helping me with a project. I mean I’m helping him with a project.” Tanner glances at me with a puzzled expression. Project, I think, berating myself for the bad word choice. What, am I in summer school or something?
“What kind of project?” 
Why did I say project? Why didn’t I just say I was helping him clean out his garage, or something that actually made sense? 
“A family history thing. I’m helping my grandpa write down some of our family’s stories,” I say. It isn’t completely untrue. I quickly put those kinds of thoughts out of my mind, though, determined to enjoy a moment of normalcy. 
“Oh, that’s cool. Will you be there all day?” he asks. Our ice cream is almost gone. Evan and Jackson have already finished theirs and are trying to get Tanner’s mother to give them a little more. I don’t want to leave, but if I really have to, I want to walk away knowing I will see Tanner again soon. 
“I guess I might be free after lunch,” I say. 
“Do you want me to pick you up?” 
“Sure, but would you mind picking me up at my grandpa’s instead of my house? Then I won’t have to walk all the way back home,” I say. The last thing I want to deal with is a curious mother or an over protective father. 
“No problem,” Tanner replies. “I guess I better get you that raspberry sorbet.” 
I finish off the last couple bites of my ice cream cone and follow Tanner back to the counter. His mom already has the dessert ready. Tanner looks a little disappointed, and actually, so am I. Cheryl’s thoughtful gesture stole a few more minutes I could have delayed leaving the shop. Not wanting to show my feelings, I thank her for the ice cream and walk out of the store with Tanner. 
When we get around to the driver’s side of the car Tanner reaches for the door handle before I can, and opens the door for me. I have to resist the urge to giggle like an idiot. “You have ice cream and you open doors for me, you are pretty irresistible,” I say. It’s just as dorky as what Tanner said earlier, but he beams at the compliment anyway. 
Tanner steps in a little closer and I suddenly become aware of the raspberry ice cream slowly melting in my hand. Why does my mom have to like ice cream? A bead of condensation rolls off the ice cream cup and over one of my fingers. I wonder if Tanner’s body heat is making it melt even quicker. Based on how fast my own heart is going, my body heat is enough to turn it into soup if I don’t get home soon. 
“I’m glad I ran into you today,” Tanner says. “I wanted to drop by your house and see if you were busy, but I thought you might really start to think I was stalking you.” 
“I probably would have,” I tease, “but having a stalker is significantly better than being bored to tears.” 
Tanner leans against the car, his arm pressing against mine. He stares at the building across from us, but like me, I am sure his mind it is focused on how easy it would be for one of us to take the other’s hand. 
“So, you really wouldn’t mind me stopping by some time,” Tanner asks. The measure of hesitancy in his voice is reassuring. For all his apparent confidence, it’s nice to know he might be just as nervous as I am. 
“Tanner, I have been so miserable since we moved here, you have no idea. You’ve been the only bright spot so far. You’re welcome to come rescue me whenever you want.” 
My breathing nearly stops when Tanner turns toward me and slides his hand along me cheek to my hair. “I was really hoping you’d say that,” he says with a smile. 
For a moment, I am absolutely convinced he’s about to kiss me. I can feel my head starting to swim from lack of oxygen. Fear that I will faint in front of him is the only thing that prompts me to finally take a breath. I want him to kiss me. I want to forget everything and fill my mind with Tanner. An icy cold trail of water sliding off the cup of ice cream still in my hand tickles my palm, drawing my eyes involuntarily to the melting mess. 
“I guess I better let you get home before your mom’s ice cream melts,” he says. 
“It might be a little late for that.” 
Tanner chuckles. “I suppose I should let you salvage what’s left then. I’ll see you tomorrow.” 
His fingers lift gently from my cheek, but trail down my arm slowly. The way he pauses, squeezing my hand gently, nearly does me in. I nod. It’s all I could do at this point. I just want him to lean in a little closer, but he slowly backs away. 
 “I’ll see you tomorrow,” I say when I finally manage to form words again. 
Forcing myself to get into the car, I smile as Tanner pushes the door closed. He lingers for just a second before stepping back and moving onto the sidewalk. I drive away wishing it was already tomorrow afternoon. 
After handing off my mom’s slightly soupy sorbet, I spend the rest of the evening scouring the pages of the genealogy records for the ill-fated souls I know exist somewhere in my family’s past. That and thinking about Tanner. Even the eerie list of dead girls isn’t enough to throw him completely out of my mind. 
Having looked through my mom’s entire genealogy collection, I find only two more girls before the history ends. Anise Malo died at sixteen years old in 1847, and Linnet, who died in 1817. She was only sixteen years old, too. I add their names to the list I started, needing no pictures to know that they would also have had the telling raven hair and silvery eyes. 
I am physically and emotionally drained by the time I finally make it through the last of the notebooks. I can hardly even feel the despair anymore. I can’t feel anything, not even the memory of Tanner’s closeness. A sense of inevitability creeps over me. My earlier hopes of surviving this frightening chain have quietly slipped away. Name after name, death after death assures me of my fate. 
I can no longer pretend I will somehow live. Whatever my grandpa has been planning, there is no way it can possibly work. If there was a way, wouldn’t somebody have found it by now? No, I know that I will die in three days. That thought stays with me as I push the binders and papers off my bed and drift into a troubled sleep. 





Chapter Eleven

The ornately dressed priest moves from in front of the altar as the terrified girl reaches the temple mesa. As he moves, the young girl is afforded a perfect view of her impending future. Her eyes dart from the priest to the stone altar. Her heart nearly stops as she stares at the cold slab. The oblong obsidian blade lying at its center sends a shudder through her body. She knows her fate. 
The horror she feels wins out and breaks through her defiance. She falls to her knees on the cold stone floor. No one moves to help her up. No one dares touch her. She has been purified for the sacrifice. Anyone who defiles her purity will be sacrificed along with her to pay the gods for an unclean offering. 
The priest and guards wait impatiently for the girl to pick herself up again. Convulsive sobs wrack her body. Her hands shield her face from the priest’s vicious scowl, but the thunderous crack of his staff on the stone floor silences her crying instantly. Quickly, she uncovers her face and struggles to right herself. As she stands, she is silently instructed to proceed to the altar with harsh gestures by the mute guards waiting beside the fire. 
Standing next to the altar, she sees deep red smears covering the stone. The blood of thousands of sacrifices. The stains are never washed away. To wash the blood away shows the gods that the people are ashamed of what happened. The stains remind the people of the city of their obligation to pacify the gods. 
The girl forces away thoughts of past sacrifices she has watched and cheered for in earlier years, and hates herself for her involvement. As a child she watched, enjoying the festivities and celebrating when the sacrifice was made. It had been like a play, some grand game of pretend. Safe on the ground, she never saw the blood, but she sometimes heard the cries, the screaming over the cheering of the crowd. The celebrating she did as a child was before she knew about her own future role. Now she knew that the agonizing cries would be her own. 
Trembling silently next to the altar, she tries to wish away the horror her life has become. The priest removes the obsidian blade from the center of the altar and holds it in his steady, practiced hand. Holding the black shard in both hands, he lifts it, presenting it to the sky, to the gods. Drums sound. 
Lowering the weapon, he now holds it firmly in only one hand. The point nearly brushes her skin as he holds it next to her heart. The smooth surface shines in the sunlight, shattering her wishes of reprieve and signaling the beginning of the impending violence. 
Unsure of what she is expected to do next, she stands staring at the rough surface of the altar, too terrified to move. Compelled to face reality, she reaches out her hand and touches the bloody stains on the face of the altar. The slight touch seems to awaken the stone’s past victims. The pain and anguish of thousands seem to reach out to her in that brief second. Terrified, she pulls her hand away quickly. The guard’s eyes glimmer from behind his painted face. He revels in her terror. 
The strange sensation assaults her again, but she stiffens and refuses to acknowledge it. The guard only smiles. The priest raises the blade again, presenting it now to the crowd. Overwhelmed with fear, the raven haired beauty drops to her knees. Her head in her hands, she falls on top of the altar and cries with more true emotion than she has ever felt before. 
Leaning closer to her head, the guard’s hissing voice whispers in her ear. “They come to welcome you.” 

***

Way beyond bolting up in bed because of the awful dreams, my eyes open slowly, already filled with tears.  I can still hear the echoes of the girl sobbing with her head cradled in her arms. I feel the tears run down my own cheeks, but do not brush them away. In the dark of my room, I feel as alone as the doomed girl. The shadows in the corners of my room seem to creep closer, silently stalking like the ancient guards. Every sliver of moonlight becomes the terrible shining blade from the altar. 
My shadow guards seem to be keeping a silent watch until it is time to collect their newest sacrifice. I close my eyes to the shadows, but find no comfort. Pulling the thin blanket over my head in a childish effort to put the shadows out of my mind, I sob into my pillow. I quietly fall asleep amid free flowing tears, free of dreams for the rest of the night, but not free of fear. 





Chapter Twelve

I try to sleep late into the morning. I try to focus on the warm sun that settles over me. It should have been comforting, but it reminds me instead of the hot Aztecan sun. Pushing the image away, I try to reassure myself that I am momentarily safe in my own time, not high atop a temple mesa. It works a little. Although, however comforting that realization is, it can do nothing to hold all that I have learned at bay. 
Fear slowly seeps into my mind, leaving little room for anything else. Climbing off my mattress, I make my way to the bathroom. I do my best to push the disturbing thoughts out of my mind as I stand under the hot shower. The heat and water only serve to remind me of the dream girl sitting in a steaming tub of water being scrubbed by attendants in preparation for the sacrifice. I finish my shower quickly. 
Dressing with much less care than usual, I consider the things my grandpa told me yesterday. He surprised me with what he revealed, but I think he kept back even more. It is scary to admit that, because if he did keep anything back, it’s because it must be even more horrifying than what he already told me. 
He warned me that the mystery goes deeper than I realized, and he’s right. I found out about the other girls, dead and forgotten. Perhaps if I show my grandpa how serious I am about finding the truth, he will tell me the rest of what he knows. Remembering how his body crumpled and sagged at the mention of his beloved sister and daughter, I don’t relish the idea of asking him to relive those memories again. 
Bringing that much pain to my grandpa again scares me more than I want to admit, but turning away from the truth is not an option anymore. Despite my despair last night, I wake up still holding onto a tenuous belief that there might be a chance to change my fate, if only I could find the truth. That slim hope takes hold of me and refuses to let go. I am on my way to my grandpa’s house with my new information before either of my parents wake up. This time, I do remember to leave a note. 
When my grandpa opens the door, I am not greeted with the same enthusiasm as I was yesterday. Studying my demeanor carefully, he welcomes me into his home. He knows exactly why I came back. 
“Come in, Arrabella,” he says. “I thought you might be back today. Come in and tell me what you’ve found.” 
I walk through the door and listen to my footsteps gently tap along the old wood floors. Glancing at the wall that enclosed the hallway, I see the rows of hanging pictures. Katie and Maera dominate the faces. At least he hasn’t forgotten, I think. Stepping into the kitchen with my photos and records, I am ready to find out the rest of what my grandpa knows. We sit down at the little round table, and I tell him everything I’ve discovered. 
He patiently listens to me with a frown that deepens as the conversation continues. When I finish my explanation, I look at him expectantly, waiting for him to tell what he knows as well. Staring down at the table, the silence grows thicker. 
“Well,” I ask, “what do you think?” 
“Arra, I told you that you would find out all of this,” he says. 
I just stare at him. Surely he doesn’t expect me to accept that as an answer. I open my mouth to argue, but he continues first. 
“Are you sure you want to go forward with this? There won’t be any going back if you do. The knowledge will change things too much for that.” His gaze meets my eyes, studying me intently. 
“I need to know, Grandpa. I can’t live with this fear and not try to understand it,” I say, hoping I sound brave enough. 
He nods. He must have expected that to be my answer. “I do know what is happening, Arra. I had truly hoped that it would never come to this, but it has. No matter what ideas I have, they could never be tested, until now.” 
Pausing, he takes a deep breath before moving on. “Well, now you know that Katie’s and Maera’s deaths weren’t just coincidence. You can’t change any of it, unfortunately. I told you to find the other names just so you would realize how old this is, how deep the trouble goes. No one else has ever been able to stop it, but I refuse to accept that no one ever will. Knowing doesn’t help the fear, but maybe it can help in other ways.”
“We can’t know for sure that nothing will stop it. I have to try, Grandpa. If this thing is going to come after me, too, I won’t sit around and just wait for it to claim me. I will not give up that easily,” I say.  
“Good, Arra. You will need to be strong for this,” he says, almost to himself. 
I rub my arms absently, trying to get rid of the prickling feeling spreading over my skin. I can’t rid myself of the bizarre sensation, though. Looking back at my grandpa, I wonder how long he has been preparing for this. “I want you to tell me what else you know, Grandpa. I can tell you’re keeping something from me. I have to know everything. Please tell me.”
“I know that when you hear this, you’ll think I’ve lost what little sanity I have left, but please just listen,” he says, patting my knee. “I will tell you everything. You deserve to hear the truth. You need to hear it if you want to succeed.” Leaning forward in his chair, he brings his face closer to mine. 
“Katie didn’t actually die instantly like I made it sound yesterday. Your father was able to reach her while she was still alive. Her head was bleeding from the fall, but not badly enough that your father thought she was going to die. 
“She was coherent at first, but the longer he was with her, the more unreasonable she became. Your father tried to ask her what had happened, but she wasn’t sure herself. She told him that someone was after her, but there was nobody else around. She was hysterical, begging your father not to let them take her. He asked her who was coming, but she couldn’t give him a clear answer. 
“The more he tried to talk to her, the more frantic she became. By the end, she was screaming at him to save her. He tried everything he could think of to calm her down, but nothing worked. Your father stood up and starting yelling, hoping somebody would hear him. He was only a few steps away from her. 
“He told me later that the most terrifying part of the whole thing was that she had been screaming for help and suddenly just stopped, for no apparent reason. At first he thought she had lost consciousness. But when he checked for her pulse, he realized that she was already dead. 
“He couldn’t understand what had happened. No one could, really. The fall wasn’t bad enough to have killed her. Like I said, the coroner couldn’t actually tell us what had happened to her. He told us that she must have died from shock, but the look in his eyes said he didn’t believe it either.”
“Do you know what really happened to her, Grandpa?” I ask quietly. I know there is more to tell, and I find I am willing to push him into unpleasant places to get it. “Do you know who ‘they’ were? Do you know who was chasing Katie? Do you know who will come after me?”
“Yes, Arra, I know. At least, some of it I know,” he says. He turns to me and says, “It was the same thing that killed Maera. I was sure of that after Katie died.” 
“Tell me what happened to her, Grandpa. Please,” I say, my fingernails digging into my palms. 
His eyes close tightly and he draws a deep breath. Seeing his pausing as a refusal to answer, I stand up to leave. “I can’t believe this,” I say angrily. “I did what you said. I found the others, and still you won’t talk to me?” He grabs my arm and pulls me back to my chair. He takes a deep breath, rubs his wrinkled forehead, and looks me straight in the eye.
“Wait, Arra. I will tell you everything. I just needed a minute to prepare myself. I hoped that I would never have to do this, but I know that I must. I’m sorry. This isn’t easy for me. Sit down, please,” he says gently. “Katie didn’t die because of the fall, or from shock. At first, I thought that she had, or I wanted to believe she had, to be perfectly honest. I wanted to believe that it had nothing to do with Maera. But when the coroner couldn’t explain her death to us, and your father told me what Katie had said, I knew her death had everything to do with Maera’s.
“There has always been a story passed down in our family about a woman named Kivera. She was an Aztec woman who lived many generations ago when Aztec society still flourished. She was chosen to be a sacrifice when she was a young woman. She was so terrified that she pleaded with the priest to let her go. Nobody knew exactly what happened, but some kind of deal was struck over the sacrificial altar. Kivera walked away, but obviously that wasn’t the end of it,” he says. 
Aztec sacrifice and deals made over an altar? I scoff, pretty sure my grandpa is trying to feed me a bedtime story instead of telling me the truth. I guess I came here expecting some fantastic reason behind the mystery of the dead girls, but still. My lips part to object, to demand he stop treating me like a child, but he waves my words away and continues. 
“I know you don’t believe in stories like that, Arra,” he says, “and I didn’t either at first. I had heard the story before Maera died and later wondered if the fabled curse had been what claimed her. Eventually, I forgot about it. When Katie died, I considered the curse again because of the strange circumstances. That’s when I found out everything you’ve found out. I know the curse is real, Arra. I know it sounds crazy, but you believe it too, don’t you?” 
I sit quietly, wondering at my grandpa. I don’t know what I had been expecting to hear, but an ancient Aztec curse sounds insane. I’m sure he must be joking, but the devastated looked on his face stops me cold. He looks as though he just signed my death warrant himself, as if sharing his secret finally made it all too real. 
His revelation is so far away from anything I had been expecting that I can’t say anything in response. Wanting to laugh and cry at the same time, I bite the inside of my cheek hard to stave off doing either. I sit very still and consider everything I know. There’s no such thing as curses. That is certainly true, right? This is all crazy, isn’t it? But all those girls were taken by something. No coincidence could possibly reach that far. In the end, I can’t deny the possibility that it isn’t just a silly story. 
If all I had to go on were the pictures and genealogy, I might be able to convince myself that none of this is true if I try hard enough, but my dreams rush to the front of my mind in a crashing wave. The cleansing and painting, the slow march up the tower, and the oily black blade assault me. The dreams are so powerful that I wake each night dreading falling asleep again. It is all too much for me to pass off as fantasy. My grandpa disturbs my dizzying thoughts by putting his rough hand on my arm. It’s only the slightest pressure, but the physical contact brings me back to the present.
“Arra, why don’t you tell me what else you know? You haven’t told me everything either, have you?” he asks me. 
Without looking up at my grandpa’s face, I share my secret as well. “I’ve dreamed of her. At least I think it’s her…Kivera. For nearly a week, I have dreamed about her, about what happened to her. I saw her taken from her home, dressed in ceremonial clothes and paint, and paraded up to an altar. She was terrified. She was crying the whole way.” 
The remembered terror of the dreams makes me pause as I try to push away the all too familiar tears. I look up at my grandpa’s patient face and try to continue. “She looked just like me. I thought it was me at first, but now I know it must be her. The fear is so real that they can’t be just dreams,” I say. “It’s her. She’s trying to warn me, to tell me what happened to her and what is going to happen to me.” 
My grandpa puts his arm around my shoulders and hugs me to his chest. I thought this dream would be a revelation to him, but the calmness in his eyes says it’s not. “You’ve heard this before?” 
“Yes, I have,” he says. “Being Twins, Maera and I were very close. The week leading up to her death, she had started acting very strangely. Normally she was a happy, excitable person, but suddenly she started staying mostly to herself. I tried to ask her what was wrong, but she brushed me off. All she would say was that she had been having bad dreams at night. 
“After Katie died, I was packing up her room and I came across her diary.” He smiles warmly. “I probably shouldn’t have opened it, but I just wanted to know what she had been feeling and thinking before she died. I wanted to feel close to her. I was shocked to read about the dreams she was having, how they scared her and kept her awake at nights. They sound like the same dreams you just described. I wish she had told me about the dreams then. Maybe it would have made a difference. Who can know? She didn’t even tell your father.” 
I simply stare at him. Had all the girls shared these awful dreams? The connection I feel to them just keeps getting stronger. I hope that doesn’t mean that I will share their fate as well. I can try to deny what my grandpa is telling me, but I know there is no use. My head sags. My hands come up to rub my arms once again. The cold foreboding feeling refuses to give way. 
“I’m so sorry, Arra,” he says. “I’m sorry this is happening to you. I’ll help you with anything you need. We’ll find some way to stop this. We won’t give up.” He is crying as he holds me. I think I am too. 
I don’t think he believes his words any more than I do, but I try to hope there will be a way to free me. Despair washes over us as we cradle each other. I wish again that I had never seen Katie’s photo. I wish I had never left Manhattan and found any of this. Pulling closer to my grandpa, I know that in two days none of what I have learned will matter anyway. 





Chapter Thirteen

The rest of the morning is spent looking through old journals, photo albums, and anything else that might help me, or at least take my mind off the dreams. I know how those will end. I doubt that we will find the key to saving myself in my grandpa’s bookshelves, but I can’t stand to sit idle. In the end, though, the lure of the dreams Katie and I shared become too strong to resist. My grandpa is reluctant to let me see it. Finally, after an endless amount of begging, he hands over Katie’s diary. 
I read, captivated at seeing my own dreams dictated by another’s hand. The events are exactly the same, as are the feelings they stir. Katie describes the dreams in words different than I would use, but the closeness I feel to my dead aunt overrules the years between us. Turning the pages hungrily, I am sorely let down when I reach the end of the diary. Katie didn’t finish recording the dreams. They stop three days before she died with the happiest comment she had made in the week prior to her birthday being, “Robert is coming home today. I can’t wait to see him.” And then it ends, the rest of the pages left empty. Disappointed, I go back to the beginning of the dreams, hoping for something that might help me. 

***

May 28th, 1979
I don’t know if it’s just my anticipation for having Robert come home from college or what, but I woke up this morning crying because of this awful dream I had last night. I think it was a dream of me living in some kind of hut in the jungle. It was really weird. I was wearing this old time Spanish looking dress and sleeping on a pallet. 
This older man and I, I guess he was supposed to be my dad, were asleep when a noise woke me up. Someone was pounding on the door of our tiny house. I didn’t know what was happening so I just pulled my blankets up and crouched against the wall. The old man rushed to the door and braced himself against it. Whoever was trying to get in, he knew they were going to hurt us. 
I was freaking out, yelling at him to tell me what was going on. I kept asking him what was happening and what they wanted with us, but he just told me to hide over and over again. He said they’d take me if I didn’t hide. I was so scared I couldn’t even move. I just kept huddling on my bed and crying. 
When the door started to break, the old man screamed at me to hide again. He looked so terrified that I finally got the courage to jump off the bed. I ran for the only big piece of furniture in the little house. It was a big wooden cupboard that was just high enough off the ground to let me slip under it. I curled up on the floor, tucking in every part of me and tried to shut out the sounds around me. It didn’t work, though. I could still hear the banging, the splintering wood, and the old man yelling for someone to help us. 
Suddenly, I heard the door break, and the men outside ran in, demanding the old man give me to them. I had to cover my mouth to keep them from hearing me crying. The old man told them to get out of our house, but they didn’t listen. They pushed past him and started ransacking the house. They knocked over chairs and tossed the bed I had been sleeping in as they searched for me. I could hear the old man’s voice as they searched, begging them to leave and threatening to kill them if they didn’t. He was an old man, though. They just laughed at him and pushed him out of their way. 
He went back to begging then, telling them I was all he had left. They didn’t care. They kept saying I belonged to the gods, not him. I had no idea what they were talking about but they were acting so insane that I knew they were going to kill me. 
I think one of them figured out where I was then because I saw someone’s feet running toward me. The old man tried to stop him, but someone else hit him with something. I could hear the bone crack. I screamed when he fell down in front of me. Blood poured off his face, making me feel like I was going to puke. I had forgotten the men around me because of the blood, but they hadn’t forgotten me. 
Hands grabbed me and yanked at me. I screamed as I tried to wriggle out of their grasp, but I wasn't strong enough. It only took a few seconds before they pulled me out and grabbed my arms and legs. I begged them to let go of me. 
Nobody listened to me. 
They threw a bag over my head and pulled it down until I was completely covered. The dust from the bag made me cough so hard I couldn’t scream anymore. The last thing I remembered before waking up in my bed was blinding pain as someone hit me over the head. 
I was so scared after I woke up that I couldn’t go back to sleep. I was a zombie all day today. I really hope I get a better night’s sleep tonight. Robert will be home soon and I don’t want to be a tired grouch for his visit. He loves to tease me about stuff like that. 
Love,
Katie

***

After rereading only the first entry, I close the book again. Remembering the fear is too much. Just as Katie did, when I woke up from the first dream, I thought it was simply a nightmare, a vision of me living a different life entirely. Then the second dream came the next night where I saw what I again thought was myself being dragged away from the little town toward the towering city. Then came the washing and painting. 
With every new dream I believed less and less that I was seeing myself in those nightmares. The feeling I got from them was no vague fear of the unknown, it was a pinpointed warning. And there was nothing new in Katie’s account. She saw exactly what I saw. I’ve gone over those dreams so many times trying to figure them out, but it is no use. Leaving the book on the coffee table, I go to look for my grandpa. Maybe he found something useful. 
Sitting on the floor of his guest room, my grandpa is staring at photos of his daughter. He has a lot more than my mom did. Katie on one of the horses she loved so much. Katie building a sand castle at the beach. Katie graduating from elementary school. Katie posing with a group of friends. Her cheerful smile shines brightly in every one of them. I wondered what she looked like during that last week. Did her smile fade just as her life was about to? 
Suddenly, my grandpa realizes I am standing behind him and sets the photos back down. 
“Are you hungry?” I ask. “I could use a break.” 
It doesn’t take much to convince him to abandon the books and go have a sandwich with me in the kitchen. I know it is difficult for him to be dragging all of this back up. No doubt he has searched through everything in his house to find some way to end this, but he wants to search it all again. I want to believe I will find something in the books, but what could Katie have known that I don’t? In the end, the headache caused by hours of reading the looping handwriting convinces us both to stop. 
The meal is simple, turkey and cheese on wheat bread, but I savor it. Beginning to feel like every move I make might be my last, I push myself to enjoy every second to the fullest. My grandpa, on the other hand, eats his sandwich as if he barely even tastes it. The silent kitchen is abruptly disturbed by a hesitant knock. My grandpa comes back to the present and looks around the room. He glances out the kitchen window, looking into the street. A late model Chevy pickup is parked at the curb. 
“I wonder who that could be,” he says. 
“Oh, shoot,” I exclaim, “I totally forgot he was coming.” 
“A friend of yours?” 
“Yeah. I kind of forgot we made plans for today,” I admit. Standing up, I brush the crumbs from my sandwich off my pant legs. Hurriedly, I scoop the pictures and papers I brought with me off the table and into my backpack. Shouldering the bag, I turn back to my grandpa and hesitate. 
“Do you want me to tell him you’re not here?” he asks, looking a little unsure about what he’s proposing. 
“No, Grandpa, it’s fine. But would you call my mom and let her know where I’m going?” 
“Where are you going?” he asks. 
“Um.” I hesitate. “Archery lessons. But please don’t mention that part to her. She’ll have a fit.” I move toward the front door. 
“Arra,” he says disapprovingly. 
“Grandpa, I’ll be perfectly safe, don’t worry. Just tell Mom I’m with Tanner Wheeler, okay?” 
“Alright, but if she finds out, I’ll say I didn’t know a thing,” he says, giving in with a smile and a brief shake of his head. 
The knock comes again, a little louder. My grandpa finally opens the door. “Good afternoon, Tanner. How’s your mother doing?” 
“Good afternoon, Mr. Malo. She’s just fine, sir. Uh, is Arra here?” Tanner asks awkwardly. 
This is a new side of Tanner I haven’t seen before. So full of confidence the last two times I have seen him, I watch him fiddle with a stray string on his jeans pocket. I want to laugh at the thought of my sweet old grandpa making anybody nervous. He is much more likely to force cookies on someone than do anything even close to intimidating. My mood lifts slightly, just enough to make me glad I didn’t ditched out on the date. 
“Why yes she is, young man. Come on in,” my grandpa says. The kind smile he gives Tanner shows no hint that he thinks the young man’s behavior is at all funny. He pulls the door open a little wider. 
Straightening my clothes, I swat at few straggling breadcrumbs before stepping around the corner. “Hey, Tanner. Thanks for picking me up.” 
“Sure,” he replies. His eyes drift toward my grandpa. He doesn’t seem to know whether he is required to stay for a few minutes to be polite, or if he can leave without embarrassing himself. 
I consider prolonging his uncertainty, but can’t bring myself to do it. “Ready to go?” 
“Yeah,” he says, his expression changing to one of relief. “It was nice to see you again, Mr. Malo.” 
“You too, Tanner. Tell your mom hello for me.” 
“Don’t forget to call my mom,” I remind him. 
“Just be careful, or we’ll both be in trouble with her,” my grandpa says seriously. 
I nod my agreement and head for Tanner’s truck. 





Chapter Fourteen

Tanner’s earlier nervousness disappears as soon as we reach the truck. He opens the door for me, offering me his hand to step up to the cab. There is a moment of hesitation before I take it. Not because I don’t want to, but because I’m afraid I won’t be able to let go. As I step up to the cab, I hope Tanner doesn’t notice how tightly I am gripping his hand. 
I settle into my seat easily, but Tanner doesn’t immediately release me. He looks at me as if he has something on his mind. As my heart picks up speed, I wonder what is running through his thoughts. I don’t get the chance to find out. Tanner stows away whatever he is thinking and smiles. His hand slides away from mine slowly. I watch him walk around to the driver’s side, trying to calm my racing heart. 
Once we are on our way to the woods, Tanner asks, “So, did you have a good morning with your grandpa?” 
“Uh, yeah.” I try to keep my voice light, but Tanner looks over at me curiously. 
“That doesn’t sound very convincing. Was everything okay?” 
I shift in my seat, debating on how to answer his question. “No, it was fine. It’s just that my grandpa was telling me family stories, and while I love to hear his stories, some are harder to hear than others.” 
“You mean, about your aunt dying?” Tanner asks quietly. 
My eyes flick over to him. “You know about that?” 
He shrugs. “Sure. Everyone does. My mom was good friends with Katie. She told me about how hard it was to deal with her death. Everyone was really shocked, I guess.” 
Shaking my head, I turn to look out the window. I never really thought about who else might have known Katie. This whole town probably loved her, and they remember her. It hurts to know I was never given that chance. 
Still facing the window, I say, “I didn’t even know Katie existed until a few days ago. My dad never told us about her.” 
“Really? That’s kind of weird.” 
“That’s what I thought.” I look back over at Tanner, glad to know he found it a strange way to behave as well. 
“I can’t imagine that,” Tanner says. “My dad died when I was ten. He had a heart attack. It was devastating, but in a lot of ways it still feels like he’s with us. We still have pictures of him up. We visit his grave on his birthday. We remember him.” Tanner is quiet for a moment. “I think it would hurt more not to do any of those things.” 
“I think you’re right,” I say quietly. “That’s probably why my dad still can’t even talk about her.” 
Tanner reaches over and squeezes my hand. He doesn’t let himself linger, but I appreciate the support more than I’m sure he realizes. The more I am with him, the less I care about whether or not Grainer is as fascinating as I thought Manhattan was. I always had a lot of friends in school, but never anyone I would call a best friend. That role always fell to David. But here in Grainer, I am finding that I’m happy to trade popularity for someone I can truly trust and open up to. 
“So Evan and Jackson didn’t feel like coming with us today?” I ask in an effort to turn the topic of conversation to something a little lighter. 
“They were busy,” Tanner says quickly. “Chores or something.” 
“Both of them?” 
“Yeah, I guess. So it’s just the two of us.” As soon as he says it, Tanner seems to realize that I might take it too mean he’s trying to get me alone with him and a hint of red spreads through his face. “I hope you don’t mind. I guess maybe I should have asked if you were okay with it just being to two of us.” 
I pretend not to notice his embarrassment, which proves very easy. “No, it’s fine,” I say. “I was just teasing. Actually, I’d rather not have to listen to Evan laughing at me again.” Tanner’s easy smile returns as we fall into a comfortable silence. 
Pulling up to the meadow where I first met Tanner, I am excited for the chance to spend more time with him, but the quiet allows the dreams and photos to creep back in. I wonder how I am going to make it through the rest of the afternoon. I can hardly focus on anything but this morning’s confessions once they take hold of me again. Feeling guilty about even accepting the invitation, considering my current situation, I still don’t want to show my uneasiness to Tanner. 
I force myself to pretend it is a week earlier, before the dreams, before the photos, and especially before the stories. The darkness still lingers in my mind, but I find a small corner free of any other concern where I can focus. Tanner climbs out the cab and goes to the truck bed where he has the targets and bows stored. I calm my features and smile before climbing out of the pickup as well. 
“Are you ready?” Tanner asks. 
“I think the real question is, are you ready?” I tease. “I have no idea what I’m doing.” 
Tanner laughs. “You’ll do fine. Here,” he says, pulling a bow, much smaller than his own, out of the truck bed and handing it to me. “This one’s for you. My sister doesn’t use it much anymore.” 
Accepting the bow, I consider its size. “Just how old is your sister? Six?” 
“Well you wanted a smaller bow,” Tanner says, trying to keep his face straight. 
I throw him a disgusted looked. I’m not that bad, am I? 
“I’m just kidding. My sister’s thirteen. But bow length is more about height than age,” he says. “And you’re kind of short.” 
“Thanks for noticing,” I grumble. His nearly six foot frame does make my minimal five foot four inches rather unimpressive. I am actually on the tall side for my family. Tanner ruffles my hair to emphasize his point. I sock him in the arm, only halfway meaning it. 
“Sorry, sorry,” Tanner apologizes. The dazzling grin he gives me somewhat diminishes his sincerity. “Really, this bow will be much easier for you to draw.” 
“If you say so,” is my only response. 
I watch as Tanner sets up the targets toward the back of the meadow. He arranges the cubes with practiced ease and lopes back to me. 
“Alright, do you remember how to hold the bow,” Tanner asks. 
I consider saying no, remembering how closely he had to stand to me in order to help me last time. Bright spots of red blossom on my cheeks at the thought and I refrain. “I think I remember,” I say. Placing my hand on the riser, I notice how much lighter the new bow feels. I don’t know what to do next, unfortunately. 
Suddenly, Tanner is next to me, tying a quiver of arrows around my waist. His fingertips brush my thigh as he places it around me and I have to hide a shiver. “You might need these,” Tanner says, straightening. He turns away quickly, but I can see the red in his ears. Faking a cough to cover the laugh that escapes, I don’t say anything. I am just glad I’m not the only nervous one. Tanner is proving a better distraction than I expected. 
Pulling an arrow out of my quiver, I stare at it. How did this part worked again? I wonder. I played cowboys and Indians with my brother when we were younger, but my brother’s plastic bow and arrow set had been equipped with suction cup ends and a convenient hole in the bow for the arrow to slide through. Unsure of how I am supposed to keep the arrow from falling into the dirt, I turn to Tanner. “So, um, how do I get the arrow ready again?” My question seems to dispel Tanner’s awkwardness instantly. 
Taking control, Tanner shows me how to grip the end of the arrow and rest the point on the top of the hand gripping the riser. His hands move mine into place, but his soft touch and radiating warmth makes my fingers slip. After several tries I manage to hold the arrow on my own, keeping it tight against the bow. 
“Go ahead and try to draw it now,” Tanner says. 
Unsure of my abilities, I pull back slowly. I am surprised by how easily the arrow moves this time. My mouth turns up. I pull a little harder, drawing the arrow to my ear. Pleased with my effort, I grin and turn to look at Tanner. My grip slips. The arrow flies wide of the target, darting into the trees. Wincing with embarrassment, I duck my head. Tanner laughs and I join him. 
“I’ll go get it,” I say, a bit deflated by my failure. 
Setting the bow down, I trudge through the tall grass. Tanner follows me into the trees. “You might need a little help finding it,” he says. “That was a good try, though.” 
I look over at Tanner’s face. He really means it. “Thanks,” I say. “At least I could pull the arrow back all the way this time.” 
“You’ll get better, don’t worry,” Tanner says. 
Tanner finds the arrow quickly and we head back to the meadow. Easy conversation fills any gaps during the lesson, much to my relief. I usually feel pretty at ease around guys, many of my friends back in Manhattan were guys, but Tanner has an effect on me that I am not used to. 
The sun continues to make its way across the sky, lengthening the shadows as it goes. Arrows fall across the field all afternoon. Tanner often makes the target, while most of mine fly into the trees and stick into the soft dirt. I think we spend more time searching for my misplaced arrows than anything else. Tanner doesn’t seem to mind. 
As we search for my last arrow, the darkness I have been trying to ignore slowly creeps from its hiding place back into my mind. The shadows under the forest canopy seem to stretch after me, grasping at my ankles. I grit my teeth and tell myself to ignore it. A mild breeze stirs my clothing, bringing the smell of smoke to my nostrils. 
My eyes fly wide. Looking around, I don’t see anything that would account for the smell. The bird’s chatter becomes the cheering crowd from the dreams. Closing my eyes, I lean against a tree. The sounds and sensations from the dreams assault my mind over and over again. “It isn’t time yet,” I whisper. “Oh please, don’t let it be time yet.” My eyes burn, hot tears swelling behind my eyelids. 
A hand touches my shoulder. Gasping, I nearly faint. 
“Arra, are you okay?” Tanner asks, startled by my reaction. 
I quickly rub my eyes, before turning around. “Yeah, sorry about that,” I say lamely. “I get scared really easy.” 
He looks at me doubtfully. “Are you sure you’re okay?” 
“I’m fine. I’m just not used to being in the woods yet. I got turned around and thought I was lost. Did you find it?” I ask casually. 
“Yeah, it went a lot further than I expected. At least you’re getting better at one part of archery,” he says, his laugh timid. 
“It would have been nice if I’d hit the target at least once,” I say. Still shaken from the strange ordeal, I rub my arms, trying to rid my mind of the memory. “I think I’m hopeless.” 
“Nah, you’ll get it,” he smiles, “someday.” He slips the arrow back into my quiver with a flourish. 
I take a playful swipe at him, glad he is near me again. Catching my hand before I can reach him, Tanner is slow to let it go. And even when he does, his arm casually swings around my shoulders. At least he tries to be casual about it. His arm is stiff around me until I lean into him. His body immediately relaxes and he pulls me a little closer. I like the idea of having his arm around me, but even more, I need to feel someone real next to me. Tanner turns me back toward the meadow, his pace slower than necessary. 
“Are you hungry?” he asks. 
I take a moment to consider. The shocking escape of my dreams into the real world has driven away all sensations but fear. They are slow to return, but the sinking sun reminds me that I am indeed starving. 
“Yeah, I am,” I reply. 
“Great, how does a burger sound?” 
“It sounds perfect.” 
We are back to the meadow then. The scene hasn’t changed in the few minutes we have been in the forest, but to me the fleeing peaceful atmosphere has cast a threatening shadow over the area. My expression sours, but I focus on Tanner’s arm around my shoulders and coax a faint smile back onto my lips. Our feet carry us to the edge of the meadow and Tanner’s hand slips off my shoulder, trailing down my back before leaving me completely. I instantly miss his touch and fear what will replace it. 
“I’ll get the targets if you’ll throw these in the truck,” Tanner says. He hands me his bow and quiver. Taking the equipment, I hurry to the truck, eager for a few minutes alone. 





Chapter Fifteen

Safe inside the diner, where the dreams are unlikely to escape again, I let myself enjoy the low chattering hum of the other customers. Hot greasy smells waft out from the kitchen, burning away the lingering stench of smoke. I smile and lean into the booth. It squeaks as I move, but the sound is quickly lost to the din.
“Does everyone in town come here?” I ask, surprised by how packed the restaurant is.
“Pretty much,” Tanner admits. “There isn’t a lot of choice in restaurants here, but they do make great hamburgers, so it doesn’t seem to bother anybody.” 
I nod my head, neither agreeing nor disagreeing. I have to admit that I don’t hate Grainer quite as much as I did a few days ago, but I am willing to bet that has more to do with Tanner’s presence than the charm of country living. If only my family’s history wasn’t hanging over my head, I would feel completely at home. 
“Do you really hate it here,” Tanner asks as if reading my thoughts. 
“It’s not as bad as I thought it would be.” 
I smile. Tanner brightens. I know I must be acting a little sullen, but as the day grows closer to its end it’s harder for me to keep my thoughts light. Keeping my eyes on the table, I watch the approaching waitress deliver our order. Absentmindedly, I pick up the burger and take a bite. If I wasn’t happy before, I am now. It is insanely delicious. 
“This is amazing,” I mumble. 
Tanner smiles and dives into his own burger. Not surprisingly, Tanner finishes his meal quickly. I eat hungrily, but have to give up on the oversized hamburger after barely eating half of it. 
“I can’t believe you ate all of that,” I say, genuinely impressed. 
Tanner shrugs, not in the least bit embarrassed. “You’d probably be surprised how much I can eat. My mom complains every time me and the guys get hungry, but she doesn’t really mind it.” 
“My mom was the same way with my brother. She hasn’t quite gotten used to not having him around to finish off the leftovers. She keeps cooking these big meals, but most of the time it’s just me and her,” I say. 
David would think it was hilarious, watching my mom’s expression every night when we finish dinner and still have enough food for two or three more people. I try to picture him laughing at her foolishness, but that only sends a pang through my chest. Will I ever see him laugh again? I wonder. 
“Where is your brother?” Tanner asks. I instantly wish I could change the topic. 
“Oh, he’s still in Manhattan. He’s going to NYU in the fall.” 
“Is he working or something?” Tanner asks. “Since he didn’t come with you guys, I mean. I was just wondering.” 
Glad that Tanner is keeping the conversation going, even if it is directed at David’s whereabouts, I try to shake off my pessimism and answer. “Yeah. When my parents moved out here, David had two choices, come out here until school started or get his own apartment. Obviously, he went with getting an apartment, which was expensive, which meant he had to get a job.” 
“Your dad doesn’t pay for his apartment?” Tanner asks. His question is purely curious, but his ears turn crimson immediately. “I’m sorry, that was really rude. It’s none of my business. I just thought that with your dad being a doctor, he might still help your brother out. I didn’t mean to pry.” 
Laughing at his hurried explanation, I watch relief wash over him. His question didn’t offend me in the least. I know a lot of kids have their room and board as well as their tuition paid by their parents. And not just the ones with doctors in their families. 
“No, my parents are going to help him pay for college, since it’s so expensive, but they insist he pay for his day to day stuff like food and his apartment. My mom and dad are big on personal responsibility,” I explain. 
“My dad paid for everything when he was in school. My grandpa wanted to help, but he just couldn’t afford to. My dad said he saw lots of his friends who just got everything paid for fail out or turn into total bums. He says he wants us to be ready for the real word after college, not come crying to him when things get hard.” 
A smile plays on my lips. “I think his real reason is that he wants to make sure we never try to move back in with them once we’re gone.” 
“Probably,” Tanner agrees. “My mom reminds me daily that once I move out, which she says better be the day after I graduate from high school, I’m never coming back for more than a short visit.” 
Grinning, I try to picture Tanner’s petite mother trying to keep him out of the house. I can’t help but laugh. Being the town ice cream lady, it seems terribly cliché, but his mom is wonderfully sweet. “I doubt she could ever turn anyone away, especially you.” 
“You don’t know my mom,” Tanner says with a laugh. “She’s pretty tough.” 
I smile again. The diner noise is slowly winding down. I look around and see that more than half of the patrons have already left. Flickering just outside the window draws my attention. One by one the street lamps spark to life. Dusk has already arrived and night won’t be far behind. My mood shifts, pushing out the pleasant ambiance of the diner. 
We talk a little longer, but my mood puts a damper on the night and Tanner offers to take me home. I want more than anything to slide over next to him when we get in the truck and ask him to put his arm around me again. But even in my funk, I am well aware of the impression that might give him. 
Ever the gentleman, Tanner gets out of the truck and walks me up to the front door. The fading daylight seems to wrap around us as we stand facing each other. A warm breeze stirs the lilac bushes in our front yard, spreading their sweet scent. My gaze turns away from the house and I find myself staring at the remnants of a beautiful sunset. A small smile finds its way to my lips. 
“I have to admit,” I tell Tanner, “I never got to see sunsets like this in Manhattan.” 
That seems to be some kind of cue for Tanner. He slips behind me, wrapping his arms around my shoulders. I don’t resist leaning into his chest. “We do have some beautiful sunsets here.” He pulls me in a little tighter. “The sunrises are even better though, especially when you watch them from the beach. Someday you’ll have to let me kidnap you before dawn and we can watch one together.” 
“I would love that,” I say quietly. I struggle to keep the tears from my eyes. I don’t want Tanner to misinterpret me crying over his suggestion, and I don’t want to explain the real reason. Trying to keep the conversation light, I say, “What would we do after watching the sunrise? Do you know how to surf? I’ve always wanted to learn.” 
“I’m not the best surfer, but I can show you the basics. Evan is actually really good, though it’s hard make him be serious long enough to teach anyone.” 
I laugh. “I can imagine.” 
“My friend Bas, that’s who you’d want to teach you. He’s crazy good, but you’ll have to wait until August.” 
“Why? Where is he?” 
Tanner smoothes down a section of my hair that must have been in his face. “His family goes to Ireland for part of every summer to visit relatives. They won’t be back until school starts.” 
I cringe, knowing I most likely will never meet this guy. “Well,” I say quietly, “you can teach me the basics for now.” 
For several moments we simply enjoy the sunset together. Eventually, Tanner shifts just enough to warn me that he will pull away soon. But before he does, he leans closer and says, “You know, if you ever need to talk, I’m not that far away.” 
Tanner steps back then. I turn and immediately reach out for a hug. “Thank you, Tanner.” 
I watch him walk back down the porch steps and continue to his truck. He looks back several times, an expression of concern playing on his features. The desire to call him back is hard to resist, but I know I have already pushed my luck staying gone so long. After waving goodbye, I turn back to my house with a sigh. 
Pushing into the house well after dark, I am not surprised to find my dad waiting for me in the living room. Tanner drifts to the back of my mind. My dad’s expression is odd. I don’t know what it means. I drop the backpack I took with me to my grandpa’s on the floor and go over to sit by my dad on the sofa. 
“Grandpa called you, didn’t he?” I ask, wondering if I am in trouble for being gone so long. 
“Of course,” my dad reassures me. “Grandpa called after lunch and told us where you were going. You stayed out a little longer than I expected, but I’m glad you’re making friends. You should invite Tanner over some time. I’d like to meet the boy that has my daughter so captivated.” 
“Dad,” I whine, “we’re just friends.” 
“You sure stood on the porch with him for a while for being just friends.” 
I bump against my dad’s shoulder. “Please, Dad. He’s nice, and he makes me hate living here a little less.” 
“Alright, alright, maybe your mother can just invite his whole family over for dinner this weekend,” my dad says casually. 
“You’re impossible.” 
I wish Tanner was the most important thing on my mind right now. I feel bad encouraging him when I may not be able to continue the relationship past Friday, but I can’t bring myself to stay away from him. Every minute spent with Tanner is time I don’t have to spend worrying about dreams and photographs. 
“Are you doing alright, honey?” my dad asks, watching my expression carefully. “I know this move hasn’t been easy for you, but I’m glad you’ve been spending time with my dad. He’s really missed having the family around. I appreciate that you want to spend time with him.” He pauses again to look at me more closely. I try to smile for him, hiding the pain I’m feeling. He frowns at my failed attempt, but says nothing. 
“Did you eat yet?” he asks me. I nod and smile in earnest. Dinner was wonderful and Tanner walking me up to house was even better. I can still feel the warmth of his body against mine. 
“What did you do with grandpa this morning?” my dad asks, breaking into my thoughts. “He couldn’t have been telling stories the whole time.”
“We talked about family mostly. He told me a lot about his sister and Katie,” I say. My dad looks away from me at the mention of his sister. “Do you ever worry that the same thing will happen to me, Dad?” 
“No, of course not,” he says. I can see the lie blatantly on his face. “What happened to Katie was just an accident. Nothing is going to happen to you, Arra. Don’t worry about things like that. You don’t need to.”
“I wish I could have met her,” I say as I nestled into my dad’s waiting arms.
“I wish you could have too,” he says with a smile. “You two would have gotten along wonderfully. You remind me of her in more ways than just your looks.” He strokes my hair and kisses the top of my head. “She was very outgoing and friendly. She was always stirring things up, but she was a joy to be around.” 
“You really miss her, don’t you?” 
“Yes, I do. We were very close growing up. I know it’s been a long time since she died, but I’ve never missed her any less over the years.” 
I look up at him with sadness in my eyes. Is he going to carrying around his misplaced guilt for the rest of his life? I wish I could explain to him that Katie’s death had nothing to do with him, but I know he would just dismiss it as one of his dad’s stories. 
“The pain of losing Katie lessened slowly, but I’ll always miss her,” he says. 
I bite my bottom lip. I want to ask my dad about Katie's death. I want to hear everything he remembers. The smallest detail may mean the difference for me. There is so little time left for me. I decide to risk getting a similar reaction when I asked about the pictures on the slim hope that he might give me some new insight. 
“Do you remember the day she died?” I ask quietly. 
My dad’s arm tightens around me and he doesn’t answer right away. Fearing our talk will end up just like the conversation at lunch, I desperately try to think of something to say, some way to take the question back. 
“I remember every detail of that day,” he says. “Why all the questions about Katie? It’s not exactly a topic I like to discuss.” 
“I just want to know about her. I didn’t even know I had an aunt until I found her picture,” I say feeling a little irritated at my dad’s desire to avoid answering my questions. “I just don’t like that I never knew about her. Don’t you think you might feel better if you talked about her more often?” 
Smiling at me in a way that suggests he thinks my idea is naïve, he says, “Maybe that would be true if I didn’t feel so responsible for what happened.” 
“Dad, it wasn’t your fault,” I say with conviction. 
“I know it could have happened to anyone, but it didn’t. It’s just not as simple as saying it wasn’t my fault,” he says, taking his arm off my shoulders. “Now why don’t you head to bed? You look tired, and so am I.” 
I sigh disappointedly. I will get no help from him tonight. He just doesn’t understand. Standing up next to him, I reach out for a hug and am received immediately. “Goodnight, Dad.” 
“Goodnight, Arra. I’ll see you in the morning.” 
I stay in the living room for a while after my dad goes to bed. My mom did some work on the photo albums this afternoon. She already took care of the extra mess I created. I notice a stack of photos lying on top of my forgotten novel. Reaching out, I pick them up and see Katie’s face staring up at me. My mom did this for me despite her irritation at me after upsetting my dad. Maybe she understands too that Katie should still be a part of our family. Very little escapes my mom’s noticed. Silently, I thank her for the thought and carry the pictures with me to my room. 
Anxious for the somewhat unnerving day to end, I fear falling asleep. I was scared of the dreams before talking to my grandpa, when they were meaningless images playing in my mind. Now, I know that the dreams and the dead women are impossible to separate. There is no doubt in my mind that the dream girl is Kivera and that the dreams will soon fully reveal her fate. Again I felt that I’d rather not know. That knowing will do little to help. 
But even as I think this, I know that I will continue seeking the truth. I can’t let go of the idea that I might be saved. If I let go of that hope I will lend myself to despair and confirm my fate. I have to keep going. 
Fighting back the desperation I’m feeling, I slip into my bed still wearing today’s clothes. My hands tremble as I pull the blanket up to my chest. I force my eyes to close and wait for sleep and for the dreams to begin.





Chapter Sixteen

A withered and bent attendant waves a burning herb sprig beneath the fallen girl’s nose. Her eyes fluttered open and she coughs violently in reaction to the terrible smell. Looking up at the priest, she has to take several deep breaths to keep from fainting again. His disdain for her weakness and cowardice shows plainly on his scarred face. 
She shivers under his gaze. Staring at his grotesque face, she makes no move to rise. He is missing one of his eyes. Both ears have been partially cut away and now end in clotted scar tissue. There are rings and jewels pierced through what remain of his marred ears. The gold and jewels sparkle in the morning sun and mock the hideousness of his misshapen body. The man slowly backs away, a sick smile plastered across his face. 
The chief priest is dressed in full ceremonial clothing, the tall wooden mask hiding his features from view. He approaches the quivering girl slowly. His hand shoots to her face, touching her cheek softly, almost in a caress. She pulls away, confused at his gentleness, fearful of what it might mean. 
Anger flashes in his eyes, the only part of his face visible through the mask. Clenching his fist, a snarl slices through his teeth. Quickly, the priest grows impatient with the cowering girl and motions sharply for her to rise. Sobbing uncontrollably, her fear tells her to stay, but she rises regardless of her sobbing. She no longer tries to hide her hatred and anger. It flows freely with her tears. 
The priest stands in front of the girl and walks toward her, forcing her to back against the stone altar. The ragged stone bites into her legs and she falters, falling to her knees and sobbing even harder. Her whole body convulses with the sobs. 
The priest’s face clouds in rage. He turns to face the guards waiting several feet away. Their faces are stone-like, but the eyes betray their disgust for their charge. The priest’s smooth arm directs the guards to a small stone table next to the altar. The guards know what was required of them and walk to the table. 
The table holds the instruments necessary for completing the ritual. A small grate with a fire underneath it occupies the center of the table. A knife made of sharpened obsidian is to the right of the grate and a clay bowl filled with water sits just above the knife. The guards move to the left side of the table where two pairs of thick gloves wait. 
The guards pull the gloves onto their hands and move back toward the crying girl. Since she is unwilling to perform the necessary steps, the guards are required to assist her, but not touch her directly. The girl cannot be given unclean. 
Stoically, the two men lift the girl’s body, their hands shielded from direct contact with her skin by the oiled cloth gloves. She does not fight their strong hands. She cries and mutters despairing pleas for help. Depositing her on the stone altar, they back away slowly. The men surrounding her ignore her words and begin to tie her body down to the altar with thick leather bands. 

***

Coming back to my own time, I feel the tears running down my face again. I open my eyes to a room still blanketed in darkness. Wiping my tears away, my heart and mind ache. I feel so sorry for the girl, but I push the feeling away, reaching instead for anger. 
When the dreams began, they were just sad and strange images, now they mean so much more. I know that the girl is Kivera. It can be no one else. Watching Kivera being forced to the temple to be sacrificed is horrible, but the more I know about this strange girl, the more mottled my feelings become. 
I pity Kivera’s fate, but hate her, too. I still don’t know what the girl did to bring the curse on my family, but I know Kivera was the cause. That thought makes my insides boil with anger. I think of the faces of the dead girls. Dead because of Kivera. I hate Kivera in that moment. I make a promise to myself that I will not fall victim to the vicious machinations of a selfish child.
My anger keeps me awake for several hours. Imagining every possible scenario that I can devise to explain the curse, I make plans for each possibility in hopes of keeping myself alive. Never terribly imaginative, I am surprised by the long list I am able to come up with. Wondering and planning, I try to prepare myself until my eyelids begin to droop. 
In the dark of early morning, I feel that I am beginning to understand the situation, but as I wake hours later to dawn’s clarifying light, I know I am still as confused and helpless as before. The only thing I know for sure is that I need more information and that I need help to get it. Today is my last chance to make a difference in my own fate. 




Chapter Seventeen

I shower, expecting it to revitalize my body, but I am still exhausted as I dress. Wandering into the kitchen for breakfast, I am greeted by my cheerful mother. As soon as my mom sees me, her face wrinkles into a worried frown. 
“Are you okay, Arra?” she asks me. “You don’t look very well. Are you getting sick? You were out too late last night. What was your grandfather thinking, just letting you wander off.”
“I’m fine, Mom,” I say, rubbing my face. “I just didn’t sleep well last night. I’ll be fine. I’m still getting used to the new house and everything.” I know it is a lie, but one my mom will surely believe.
My mom smiles with understanding. “Oh, Arra, it will take a while to adjust. But, I’m glad you’re trying. I know you miss your old life and friends.” 
I haven’t really thought about Manhattan in quite a while. Right now, roadside markets and taxi rides are far from my mind. I realize now how insignificant my complaints were, how superficial and meaningless refusing to unpack my room was. 
I have become so involved with trying to keep myself from being engulfed by an ancient fate that I have barely considered the unhappiness I felt about living in the new small town. It hardly matters any more anyway. In fact, I’m glad we came here, glad my grandpa is near me, and especially glad that I met Tanner. I can’t help smirking at the change I feel. 
“Mom, I won’t be home for lunch. I’m going to spend most of the day with Grandpa. He asked me to help him with some cleaning and things like that. I’ll probably be gone all day.” I smile through the lie. 
My mom pats my shoulder and says it’s fine. I will miss her. I hope she will miss me too. My mom is amazing. I almost reconsider going out so I can spend time at home, but my desperation to find out more is the only thing keeping my hope alive. I am convinced that I can make a difference if I can only find the key to the mystery. Kissing my mother goodbye, I head to my grandpa’s house. 
Running the whole twelve blocks, I wheeze with relief when his small brick home comes into view. I didn’t tell my grandpa I was coming, but he’s watching for me by the window when I run up. The door is open and he’s waiting anxiously for me. Not saying anything to me at first, he just goes and sits in his armchair, handing me the hot chocolate he prepared for me. It’s way too early for the sweet drink, but I take it anyway. I can use a little caffeine and sugar this morning. I hold it in my hands, drinking deeply. When I finally regain my breath, my grandpa begins.
“Tell me about the dream, Arra. What did it show you?” 
“I don’t know, Grandpa. I know it’s Kivera, but that’s all. Last night I saw her tied to an altar. I saw a black knife, a fire, and a bowl of water on a table. She was crying hysterically and the priest and guards hated her because of it. 
“It was terrible to watch. But I know she’s the reason Katie and Maera are dead and I hate her for that. The dreams just aren’t telling me enough,” I say. I put down the cup with a sigh. 
“They will,” my grandpa says, “but not soon enough, I think.”
“I know. I’ll see the rest of it tonight. I’ll find out what Kivera did when I fall asleep. But what good will it do me then? I need to find out as much as I can today. I don’t know if it will help, but I have to do something. I can’t just sit here and wait to die,” I say. Tears fill my eyes as I speak. My grandpa sees my distress and puts his hand on my shoulder in comfort.
“Are you okay, honey?” he ask. “You look like you’re about to fall asleep.”
 I look up, quickly rubbing my cheeks and eyes. 
“I’m exhausted, Grandpa. I barely get any sleep at night before the dreams start. Then I wake up wanting to scream, and if I can get back to sleep, it’s never very restful. I want to pass out for a few days, but I can’t go back to bed now. I’m afraid of losing even a second.” I sigh, letting my head sink into the back of the couch. 
“You’re the only one that can help me figure this out,” I say. Tears fall down my cheeks, dripping onto my jeans. Letting my head fall into my hands, I try to breathe deeply. I need calm to face this. Desperate and scared, my eyes plead for my grandpa’s help. 
“I will help you in any way that I can, Arra. Even if that means dousing you with coffee,” he says trying to lighten the mood. “As long as you don’t tell your mom, that is.” 
I smile halfheartedly. My grandpa isn’t even allowed to drink coffee, for health reasons and by order of my dad. Hot chocolate isn’t quite an equal substitute, but it will have to do for today. Picking up the mug, I take another long drink. It’s better than nothing. 
“I know there’s not a big chance that I’ll make any difference, Grandpa, but I feel like I’m really close. I feel like she’s reaching out to me. She wants to help me. Or maybe she wants me to help her. I don’t know which, but I think she wants this to stop as much as we do. Why else would we see the dreams first? I can make a difference if I can just find out how.”
“I don’t know how you would help her, Arra. She’s already dead and she’s the one who started it all. I don’t know that she deserves any help even if you could give it,” my grandpa says sourly.
 He is upset at the idea of helping the person who killed his sister and daughter, as am I, but I wonder if I can indeed help myself without helping Kivera as well. The look on my grandpa’s face says he is wondering the same thing. His anger softens under my gaze. 
“Grandpa, if I help her, maybe it will finally end,” I say.
He nods his head reluctantly. “I’ve considered the same thing. Forgive my anger, Arra. It’s just that I’ve already lost two of the people I loved because of Kivera. It’s just hard to imagine helping her after that.” He smiles, proud of his granddaughter. “You are good to even think of her needs. We’ll figure it out, I promise.” 
“Thank you, Grandpa.” 
My grandpa rubs his wrinkled hands over his face and sighs. “What do you want to do? What do you think will actually help?” 
“I want to find out about the Aztec sacrifices. That is the part of the dream I’m still missing. Katie didn’t record the last two nights of the dream in her diary. I need to know how the sacrifice was supposed to happen, and why. Why were they sacrificing her anyway? Was it a punishment or just a ritual? Maybe I’ll be able to figure something out if I know more about what was happening.”
“Okay Arra. The smallest thing might help. I’ve been through much of this already, but a fresh set of eyes and ears may prove the difference,” he says. 
Walking to the town’s small public library passes slowly and in silence. My grandpa has a working car and is perfectly capable of driving, but he insists on walking. “It will give you time to clear your head,” he said before we left. 
I suspect that he is trying to make the trip last longer than necessary. Wondering if he is afraid we will find nothing useful, I guess that he is simply prolonging the disappointment. I’m not completely sure of his reasoning, but he was adamant in his decision. Irritated, regardless of his fears, I stalked out of the house. 
Simpler than walking to the library, I wish I had access to the internet. The waiting list to get someone out to Grainer put my family’s installation date still two weeks away. Happy to leave technology in the hands of younger generations, my grandfather has never even considered signing up for internet service. Briefly irritated, once again, by the move to Grainer, I am left with only the library. I’m hoping to find books that can tell me about Aztec society, but when the small brick building comes into view I worry that the trip will indeed prove to be a waste of precious time. 
I search through the manual card catalog for books about the Aztecs. The small library has one children’s picture book on the subject and one fictional novel. My frustration deepens. I find myself for the first time in days wishing I could go back to Manhattan, at least for a few hours. The libraries in Manhattan could almost rival the internet. I have no doubt I would be able to find what I need. 
“Grandpa, there’s nothing here. What are we supposed to do now?” I say exasperated.
“Just be patient, Arra. Let’s ask the librarian. Maybe there will be some other books not in the catalog,” he suggests. 
I am getting more anxious as the day passes. It is nearing midday and I am beginning to feel like I might not succeed. My grandpa pulls me close to him and gives me a tight hug. 
“Calm down, Arra. We’re not out of options yet. I’m here to help you as much as you need me to. Let’s ask someone for help. Come on.”
Heading toward the reference desk, my grandpa puts on a polite smile. “Hello, Edna. How are you doing today?” he says warmly. 
“Oh, Alden, I am doing just wonderful. How nice of you to ask. And how are you doing?” the portly old woman asks.
“Oh, I’m fine, Edna. I’m just here with my granddaughter, Arra. She wanted some books about the Aztecs,” he says, “and we’re having a bit of trouble finding anything historical.”
“Yes,” Edna says with a shake of her head, “we don’t have many books on that subject. Most of our books were donated to us. So we don’t have a very complete selection of topics.” She shuffles some papers into piles as she speaks. 
“We do have a couple of bookstores in town if you’d like to check those. I can give you names, but I’m sure you already ready where they are, Alden,” she says. “But actually, don’t you already have a better resource than any book in town? What about your friend Phil?” Turning back to me, she says, “Doctor Phillip Gadner should be able to help. He used to be a teacher at some college in Boston. He’s retired now, but he used to teach history. I don’t know if he ever taught about ancient America, but he’s very knowledgeable. I bet he could tell you what you need to know.”
“Yes, thank you, Edna,” my grandpa says, “I was planning on paying Phil a visit later this morning. He’s hosting his book club right now or he would have been our first stop. He should be free soon.” 
“Yes, I thought you two were friends. Don’t you and Phil play chess a couple times a week?” Edna asks casually. She seems to know a lot about my grandpa’s free time. The sweet smiles she gives him start to make sense. I wonder if my grandpa even realizes the attention she’s paying him.
“Yes, we do play chess together,” my grandpa says. 
“Why didn’t you tell me that before we came here?” I ask. “You know I don’t want to waste any time today.” 
He looks at me apologetically. “I knew you would want to run over to Phil’s house as soon as I mentioned it. But trust me when I say that he would not have even opened his door until his book club meeting was over. He takes his book club very seriously.” 
“You could have said that from the start. At least I would have had some hope of finding something useful.” I make an irritated noise in my throat. I want to leave. We don’t have time for idle chatter. 
“Besides, I thought your idea of coming to the library was a good one. I haven’t been here in a while. I thought maybe they would have something useful,” he says. 
“Sorry we didn’t have what you were looking for, dear,” Edna says.
“Don’t even worry about it. We’ll just drop by Phil’s then and see if he’s done with his meeting,” my grandpa says politely. 
“Good luck, and have a nice day,” Edna says with a smile meant mainly for my grandfather. 
My despondency and irritation lessen with this new glimmer of hope. I grab my grandpa’s hand and begin pulling him away. “Thank you, Edna,” I say, rushing toward the door. “Thank you very much. You’ve been very helpful.” 





Chapter Eighteen

Phillip Gadner lives in a two story brick house at the edge of town. The front yard is very neat, every hedge clipped to perfection, flower beds precisely aligned and symmetrical. Even the wildflowers planted in the flower beds seem to adhere to a strict design. The house could be straight out of a Thomas Kinkade painting. 
I am absolutely shocked when my grandpa’s friend opens the door wearing faded striped pajama bottoms and a terry cloth bathrobe over an old t-shirt. His hair looks as if it hasn’t been brushed in weeks and his beard is a little lopsided. He couldn’t have hosted a book club looking like that, could he? The books must be terribly interesting. His startling appearance severely diminishes the perfection of his home and yard. 
“Alden,” he says with a crooked smile. “Are you ready for another match already? Are you so eager to be beat again?” 
“It was just a fluke that you beat me last time. I’m sure it won’t happen again,” my grandpa says reaching out to shake his friend’s hand. “How are you doing, old man?” 
“He’s calls me an old man,” Phil says, looking at me and laughing. “I’m two years younger than he is, and smarter.” He winks at me. “But you probably don’t believe that, do you?”
“Not at all,” I say uncertainly, glancing at my grandpa. The man is hardly what I expected for a retired history professor. His wild hair and eccentric behavior make me wonder whether his retirement was wholly of his own free will. 
My grandpa pats my shoulder. His aging frame shakes with laughter at his animated friend as well as my confused expression. “Get out of the doorway, Phil, and let us in,” Alden orders, still laughing. 
“Of course, of course, please come in.” 
The three of us walk through the beautiful old home to a small sitting room. Phillip Gadner tells us to make ourselves comfortable before excusing himself to the kitchen. I am relieved to find that the same care Mr. Gadner seems to take with his yard, if not his appearance, carries over to the inside of the house. The home looks much the same as I imagine it did back when it was first built. Mr. Gadner’s antique furniture completes the picture. 
Sitting on a delicate looking couch, I look around the room in amazement. The walls of the room are lined with shelves. Laden with books of every size and shape, the parlor looks more like a library than the town’s actual library did. A beautiful globe, bigger than the coffee table, sits to the side of the fireplace. The storybook feeling persists. 
Mr. Gadner saunters back into the room carrying a tray filled with tea cups and turkey sandwiches cut into triangles. I stifle a laugh. I’d imagined in his absence that the elderly professor would swoop into the room with a full tea service, dressed in old English garb, and smoking a pipe. It’s close enough. Unfortunately, he is still wearing the ratty pajamas and robe. I accept the tea gratefully. 
“Now, I suppose you didn’t actually come by to play chess today. Poor Arra would be bored to tears,” Mr. Gadner says knowingly. “So why have you dropped by, Alden, other than to introduce me to your lovely granddaughter, that is?” 
“We need your expertise,” my grandpa says, careful to keep his tone light. My mood, which had been temporarily lifted by Mr. Gadner’s eccentricities, crashes low with the reminder of why we are here. 
“Wonderful. I am always willing to impart my vast knowledge to those seeking to learn,” he says graciously. “What subject would you like to discuss? The Cradle of Civilization? The founding of America? The Ming Dynasty?” 
“We need some information about the ancient Aztecs,” my grandpa says. “Human sacrifices specifically.” 
“A very interesting topic indeed,” Mr. Gadner muses. “Human sacrifice is a gruesome thing. Why do you want to learn about a thing like that?” 
I choke on my sandwich. Why? I didn’t expected him to care about the why. 
“Well, Phil, there is a very old story in my family about an ancestor who was chosen to be a human sacrifice. I was telling the story to Arra here and she became curious about the culture.” His voice stays surprisingly even as he speaks. I am still trying to swallow the lump of bread and turkey stuck in my throat. I take a deep sip of the tea, my eyes fixed on my grandpa. How can he talk about this so calmly? I wonder. 
“There were many occasions for human sacrifice unfortunately,” Mr. Gadner says with a sad shake of his head. “Do you have a specific ceremony in mind, or a specific God? Different ceremonies and gods required different sacrifices and rights.” 
I stare at him dumbly. How could we possibly know the exact ceremony or God involved? That’s why we’re here, to have him tell us what we need to know. I realize that the dreams probably hold some clues about why the ceremony is being performed, but I have no idea which details are important. Perhaps the way Kivera’s face is painted, or the obsidian blade? I just don’t know, and spelling out the dreams will be a clear clue to the professor that something very strange is going on. I don’t think I want to go that direction at the moment. 
“The Day of Tlaloc, or the New Fire Ceremony,” my grandpa says. His voice is quieter than when he had spoken before, but the words freeze my wandering thoughts immediately. I gape at him. I thought he told me everything he knew yesterday. Obviously he was holding back a few important details. My grandpa avoids my questioning gaze. 
Mr. Gadner appears not to notice the change. “Wonderful,” he exclaims, fully focused on my grandpa’s words. “Now I know where to begin.” He springs from his chair and goes immediately to a bookshelf. After only a second or two, he pulls a book from the shelf. Flipping through the pages as he walks back to his seat, he mumbles quietly to himself as he searches for the correct section. 
“Ah, here we are. The Aztec Gods.” Settling back into his chair, he continues. “Tlaloc was the God of Rain. The Day of Tlaloc would have been on the summer solstice, June twenty-first.” 
“That’s my birthday!” I gasp. Staring into my grandpa’s eyes, I shake my head. I have the distinct feeling that the date is not a coincidence. My grandpa visibly cringes at the mention of my birthday. 
Mr. Gadner, however, notices neither my outburst, nor his friend’s change in demeanor. “Some years the summer solstice falls on June twenty-second, but that hardly matters, I guess. How interesting that you should ask about this ceremony today. Tomorrow is June twenty-first, the summer solstice. Did you realize that?”
“Yes, actually,” my grandpa admits. He squeezes my hand, trying to reassure me. It doesn’t work. “What was the ceremony like?” 
“The ceremony, yes. That would have been an interesting sight to behold, horrible no doubt, but still very interesting.” Mr. Gadner seems to be lost in his thoughts. 
“What happened to the victim?” I ask. What does he mean by horrible? My face is no doubt several shades paler than it was a few minutes ago, and I am holding my hands tightly to keep them from shaking. Suddenly scared to hear what he is going to say, I remind myself that I will see it all tonight anyway. Knowing will only help me prepare. I tell myself that, but I don’t really believe it. 
“Well,” Gadner begins, turning to me. He stops when he sees my face. “Are you alright, dear?” 
“I’m fine. Go ahead.” 
“Are you sure? It’s not very pleasant,” he warns. 
“Really, I’m fine.” 
He nods and continues. “Before the ceremony, the victim, almost always a child, would be cleansed and adorned in ceremonial clothing, most likely a simple white shift, symbolizing purity. Then the victim would ascend the steps of the temple in Tenochtitlan to where the ceremony would take place. The victim would then be stretched across the altar and the victim’s heart would be cut out while they were still alive.” Gadner pauses, looking at me again. 
I keep myself composed as best I can. It must be good enough, because the professor goes on. 
“The heart is still beating as it is thrown into a sacrificial fire. Now the New Fire Ceremony you mentioned is very similar to the Day of Tlaloc, but a little more complicated.” He thumbs through the pages of his book, looking for something specific. After finding the information he needs, Mr. Gadner lays the book on the coffee table, turning it so me and my grandpa can see it clearly. 
“The Aztecs used two calendars, a three hundred sixty-five day calendar, and a religious calendar of two hundred sixty days. The two “years” would end on the same day, June twenty-first, every fifty-two years. On this day, the sacrificial fire would be put out and a new fire, hence the name, is lit as a sign of cleansing. The new fire is lit within the chest cavity of the human sacrifice, while they are alive, burning the heart.” 
He pauses, glancing at me once again. The green tinge to my skin and the panic in my eyes simply makes him shrug his shoulders. “I’m sorry, dear. I told you it was unpleasant.” 
“It’s alright, Mr. Gadner. I wanted to know.” I shiver and try to shake off the sickening feeling spreading through my body. My grandpa said “or” when he mentioned the two ceremonies, but I have a sinking feeling that Kivera was involved in both. Fire and blood await me as well. “Is there any way that someone could get out of being sacrificed once they were chosen?” 
“Absolutely not,” Mr. Gadner says. “Once a victim was chosen, the decision could not be changed, for any reason. The Aztecs were very superstitious. They believed it was an honor to be sacrificed. To offer a sacrifice and then deny the god his promised feast would mean years of suffering. At least that’s what they believed.” He laughs at the absurdity of such belief. I can’t even pretend to smile. 
Mr. Gadner continues throwing out tidbits about Aztec culture and theology, but I’m not really listening and it doesn’t look like my grandpa is either. My grandpa finally breaks through his friend’s chatter to suggest that I might need some fresh air. I thank him with a quick look for his thoughtfulness. The antique house has gone from charming to cloying during Mr. Gadner’s account. The gory details of the ceremony mixed with the stuffiness of the room are quickly making my stomach unstable. I want to get out into the sun as quickly as possible. 
“Of course, of course. I do tend to get carried away when I start taking about history.” He leads us back to the front door with only a few more random comments. “Are we still on for chess next Tuesday?” he asks casually. 
“You bet,” my grandpa says halfheartedly. “I’ll see you Tuesday.” 
Hurriedly, I make my escape before Mr. Gadner thinks of something else to say. Taking a deep breath, I close my mind off just for a second. The fresh air does help. Breathing it in deeply, I try to calm my queasy stomach and nerves. My grandpa leads me away from the professor’s house. After a few short blocks, he steps off the sidewalk and guides me to a small park. It is thankfully empty. My grandpa’s arm settles across my shoulders, pulling me against his chest. 
“Are you okay, honey?” he asks. 
“No, not really, Grandpa,” I snap, letting my anger and fear slip into my voice unexpectedly. The harsh sound surprises me, but I don’t let up. “I’m going to be sacrificed to some crazy Aztec god. Tomorrow! How am I supposed to feel about that? I’m terrified.” 
My grandpa wraps me in a silent hug. He smells like hot chocolate. The comforting scent takes a little of the edge off my anger, but only a little. My grandpa probably wants to tell me that it will be okay, that we will find a way to save me in time, but his open mouth can’t utter the words. I know he would give up his own life to save mine, but he knows he has no say in the matter. The ancient god will claim me and there is nothing he can do about it. Tears flow freely down his face. 
“I hate her,” I say, my voice muffled by my grandpa’s shirt. “I hate her!” I repeat, this time more vehemently. “All of this is happening because one selfish girl wouldn’t just die! How could she do this? I hate her!” 
“Arra,” my grandpa says. His voice is stern. “She was asked to be a human sacrifice! How could anyone walk into that willingly?” 
Pushing away from my grandpa as if he has just turned to fire, I glare at him fiercely. He was the one to get upset when I presented my theory that helping Kivera might save my own life. How can he judge my behavior now? “You’re siding with her? Are you really that willing to watch another family member die? To stand by and accept what fate has in store for me?” 
“Of course not,” he says. “I will do anything to protect you. I just meant that she must have been incredibly scared and foolish. Not everyone has your strength, Arra. You shouldn’t judge her when you have no idea what she went through. It’s not fair.” 
“But how could she do this? Given the choice of dying yourself or dooming your posterity to a fate you can’t even face, how could she choose herself? Every daughter that has died was murdered because of her. She might as well have done it herself.” I lean back against my grandpa’s shoulder. “How could she do that?” The softness in my words reflects the defeated thoughts running through my head. 
I listened to Mr. Gadner’s horrifying description, hoping for some kind of clue, some way to save myself, but nothing. He said there was no way out, no way to escape the fire. There is no hope anymore. Not for me, at least. “How could she do this to me?” I whisper. 
“I don’t know,” my grandpa says. His voice is a barely audible sigh. “We’ll know soon enough, though.” I stare at him, wondering exactly what he means. 





Chapter Nineteen

The walk is torturously long and quiet. Neither of us seems to be able to think of anything comforting to say, so we both hold our misery inside. My mom stares at us when we arrived back at my house, eyeing us carefully. We hardly look like we had an enjoyable morning together. When she asks if something is wrong, I nearly lose my composure and starts bawling right there on the doorstep. My grandpa handles the question much better, thankfully. 
“No, no, Judy. We went for a walk and ended up going a little too far. I think we’re both just a little worn out.” He lies surprisingly well. 
“Well, why don’t you stay for dinner then, Alden? Robert will be home in a few hours,” she says. 
My grandpa glances at me and nods his acceptance quickly. I sigh. He doesn’t want to leave me alone, but I can’t stand sitting around staring at him all afternoon, not when he knows the truth. 
“I think I’ll go take a nap,” I say. I somehow manage a faint smile at my mom. “I’m beat.” 
“That sounds like a good idea, honey. I’ll wake you for dinner.” 
“Thanks, Mom.” 
I kick off my shoes next to the door before starting for my bedroom. I don’t know if the dream will come during the daytime, but what does it matter if it does come? I know what will come next. There is no denying it now. I just wish I could have seen my brother one last time. I will miss his smile and endless pranks. He never fails to lighten any situation. 
Thoughts of David enjoying his college life, unaware that fate has somehow claimed me for its own, fill my mind. Exhaustion sweeps over me. Sleep is all I want, dreams or no. 
“Oh, Arra,” my mom says, handing me a slip of paper. “Tanner called this morning. He wanted you to call him back.” 
I briefly wonder how he got my phone number, since it isn’t in the phone book yet, but I suppose the mom network that seems to exist no matter where you live took care of that pretty quickly. I am certain my mom had something to do with it. Thankful to have a phone jack in my new room, I retreat to my bedroom. I quickly dial the number and wait. 
On the third ring, a hesitant voice answers. “Hello?” 
“Tanner? This is Arra,” I say. “My mom said you called.” 
“Yeah, I did. Um, thanks for calling back.” 
Silence. 
“Did you call just to say hi, or, uh…was there something else?” I ask. Fatigue is overriding my manners. Realizing how rude that surely sounded, I quickly add, “I had a lot of fun yesterday.” 
“Did you?” he asks. “I wasn’t sure. You seemed kind of upset when we were eating.” 
I wince. I have never been any good at hiding my feelings from others. Last night was obviously no exception. I wonder if this is the last time I will speak to Tanner. That really doesn’t help me come up with any words to soothe him. “I’m sorry, Tanner. I didn’t mean to be such an awful date.” 
“You weren’t awful, you were great,” he says. “It’s just that sometimes you seemed kind of sad or something. I hope it wasn’t anything I said or did yesterday.” 
“No, of course not, Tanner. It’s just that the move has been kind of rough, I guess.” 
“Yeah, I bet. I can imagine it’s been kind of a shock after what you were used to in Manhattan,” Tanner says. “I’m glad you’re here, at least.” 
“Thanks, Tanner. I’m actually glad I’m here too,” I say and mean it. 
“Then what is it?” he asks. 
What can I possibly tell him that will actually make sense? “It’s just some family stuff. Things have been a little tense for me this past week.” It is so much more, but how can I tell him any more than that? I want to. I don’t want to leave our short relationship at a phone call. Sitting under the moonlight wrapped in his arms would be a much better way to say goodbye. I want that moment. 
“Hey, Tanner,” I say. My voice sounds shaky and strange to my ears. Hopefully Tanner doesn’t hear it as well. 
“Yeah?” 
“You know the park down the street from my house?” 
“Sure.” 
I can’t believe I am about to say this. “Would you meet me at the park tonight? I just need to get out of the house and maybe talk for a little while. That is, if your offer to listen is still good. I don’t want to pull you away from something.” 
He doesn’t say anything for a few seconds and I panic. What is he thinking? 
“What time?” he asks. 
I breathe in a sigh of relief. “Nine o’clock?” I can definitely convince my parents I’m going to sleep by then. I don’t even have to fake being tired. 
“Sure, Arra, no problem,” Tanner says. “I’m happy to listen whenever you need me.” 
“Thanks, Tanner. I’ll see you tonight then,” I say. 
“See you tonight.” 
I wait for the inevitable dial tone before releasing my grip on the receiver and dropping it back onto the base. My last ounce of strength seems to evaporate as soon as the phone leaves my fingers. I can hardly believe he agreed to meet me. I have barely known him for two days and I go and ask him to meet me at a park after dark. 
Although thoughts of sitting next to Tanner at night are dancing in my head, I’m not worried that he mistook my invitation for anything other than a chance to get away from my house for a few hours with a friend. Tanner is sweet and sincere. I feel safe and happy with him near me. I need to feel that way again, even if it only lasts a few hours. 
Planning to sneak out does leave me feeling a little guilty. If I just ask, my parents would think about it and play the overly concerned parents for a while, but given that the park is less than a hundred feet from my house and my dad can probably stand on the front porch and watch us if he really wants to, I’m sure they would agree. The fact that my dad can watch us is the biggest factor for sneaking out. David may be in college, but my dad is hardly ready to see me grow up. No, letting them believe I am in bed is the best way to go. I need some time away from any reminders about what tomorrow will bring. 
In Tanner’s arms, I can pretend that I will see him again the next day and that he will actually pick me up Saturday night to go to the bonfire on the beach. With him, I can pretend everything is fine for one more night. 
Pulling a thin blanket over my shoulders, I drift into a dreamless sleep. It only lasts a few hours, but it is a welcome break all the same. The timid knock at my door barely registers in my weary mind. The knock comes again, a little stronger. I stir, but don’t answer right away. 
“Arra, honey, wake up. It’s time for dinner,” my mom presses. 
“I’m not hungry,” I complain. My head is groggy and I can’t seem to get my eyes to open all of the way. Wondering how long it has been since I had a good night’s sleep, I shove my face deeper into the pillow. How many nights since the dreams started? I don’t want to count anymore. I don’t want to think about dreaming or photos or anything remotely connected to my bizarre heritage. 
“Arra, get up,” my mom says a little more harshly. “Everyone is waiting on you.” 
“Fine,” I say, tossing the blankets back. 
“If you would sleep and eat properly, you wouldn’t be so tired all the time,” my mom mutters under her breath as she backs away from the door. 
“If only that was all I needed,” I whisper. 
Trudging from the hazy room, the brightness of the kitchen and its heady aromas fill me. Pot roast with brown gravy and homemade mashed potatoes. One of my absolute favorites. My mom must still be pretty worried about me. At least she’ll believe me when I tell her I want to go to bed early after dinner. She will probably want to tuck me in herself. I step into the kitchen, and green beans smothered in butter and garlic push a little more of my sleepiness away. My mom is a wonderful cook. I will miss her cooking immensely. 
“Well hello, sunshine,” my dad teases. “Did you two have a nice day together?” 
I nod a little too enthusiastically as I try to look sincere. 
“We had a nice walk,” my grandpa says. 
My mom quickly serves everyone and the meal begins. There is little talking at first, for which I am very grateful. As the plates empty, though, the chatter springs back to life. A playful grin spreads across my dad’s face and I almost groan. What now? I wonder. 
“So tomorrow’s the big day,” he says. 
I gag on my roast. “What?” I ask between fits of coughing. “What did you say about tomorrow?” 
“It’s your birthday,” he says, with a question in his voice and a quick glance at his wife. My mom only shrugs helplessly and swishes her hand at my dad, prodding him forward. “What would you like to do? It’s your day.” 
“Oh, I don’t know dad. Is there even anything to do here?” I say, pretending that my melancholy is still due to my previous dislike of the town. 
“Of course there are things to do. There’s the beach, a movie, dinner, bowling, skating, hiking. Take your pick.” 
I appreciate the effort. Actually, Grainer seems to have a surprising amount of things to do. Most of them require me to be outdoors, which I am not used to, but I would have been willing to try if I had more time. Grainer is just not that important anymore. Truly disappointed that I will miss the bonfire on Saturday, I cough, trying to cover up an unexpected sob. Too tired to continue the charade, I simply say, “Dinner and a movie sounds great, Dad.” 
“What do you want to see?” my mom asks. “I’ll have to call and check the times of the theater here.” Always planning ahead. My mom makes me smile. 
“I think that show I wanted to see before we moved is still in theaters. You know, the one with that actor I like,” I say. 
I don’t have a clue what movie I am even talking about, but it seems plausible that there might be something playing that fits that description. My mom nods her head. Maybe she knows what movie I’m talking about. My grandpa tries desperately to hide the pain in his eyes. Mom and Dad seem oblivious, but seeing his pain doubles mine and I have to look away before tears start falling. 
“I’ll get tickets in the morning,” my mom says, calculating where to fit it into her schedule. “We can go to Willowby’s Steak House. I’ve heard it’s delicious.” 
“That sounds great, Mom.” I smile. Of course we’ll go there. It’s the only real restaurant in town. Everything else is a diner or fast food. That might have bothered me greatly before, but now I truly wish I could survive long enough to spend the evening with my parents. I have spent so little time with them the past few days, and most of what we have spent together was filled with me complaining about everything in sight. A sniffling cough snaps me out of my musings. My grandpa is standing up. 
“Well, I better head home. Thanks for dinner, Judy.” He pats my shoulder roughly. 
“You’ll come tomorrow won’t you,” my mom asks. 
Another stifled coughing sob. 
“Of course. I wouldn’t miss it,” he agrees. 
We all stand to walk him to the door. He gives hugs all around, holding me longer than the others. “We’ll get you through this. I won’t let them have you,” he whispers fiercely. “Don’t give up yet.” I smile encouragingly and nod. Watching him close the door, my hope dwindles to nothing. 
“I’ll be in my room,” I mutter. “I’m still pretty tired.” 
My parent’s voices follow me as I walk away. I can hear the deep concern in their voices. I can hear my mom worrying over me. What more can she do? she’s asking. My eyes burn. If only it was a matter of making friends, of fitting in. They have no idea that tomorrow will be the last birthday I will ever see. Who can blame me for not wanting to celebrate that fact? 
I fall into my bed to wait. 





Chapter Twenty

8:45p.m. 
The only way it will take me fifteen minutes to walk to the park is if I decide to do an impression of a snail on the way there, but I can’t stand to wait any longer. The last thing I want is for Tanner to show up first and think I’m not coming. He probably already thinks I’m a little weird. Kicking my blanket off, I creep over to the window. 
I can hear the faint sounds of the television playing the living room. Hopefully they will stay there and not try to come in and cheer me up. Forcing the window open for the first time since moving in, I remove the screen quietly and stick my head out into the cool night air. The smell of lilacs fills the night air, reminding me of standing on the porch with Tanner yesterday. The scent makes me smile despite the gloom hanging over me. 
Pulling my head back in, I stick my leg out instead and climb through to the soft grass below. My sneakers are a little damp by the time I make it to the gate thanks to the sprinklers that were on a few minutes earlier, but everything seems just as quiet as before so I unlatch the gate and slip through. 
The house next door to us is quiet and dark. I heard my mom mention that an elderly woman lives there, so I’m not too surprised that there is no one awake. I pass by her carefully pruned yellow rose bushes. The aroma of the blooms radiates over the sidewalk. Normally, I like the smell of roses, but scents from the dreams creep into the air somehow, distorting the sweet smell and souring my stomach. My steps quicken as I hold my breath. When the roses are behind me the strange dream scents disappear and I am able to breathe again. I continue down the sidewalk quickly. The lights are blazing in the next house, but I hurry by and round the fence to the park. 
I step off the sidewalk and catch movement at the back of the park. My heart stops, and so do my feet. The figure quickly steps into the spreading light of the street lamp. Tanner’s features light up under the pale light and I can see his nervous smile. 
“Hey,” he says. 
“Hey, you’re early.” My relief has me shaking almost as badly as my fear had. I try to shake it off as I step toward him. 
“I, uh, didn’t want you to get worried I wasn’t coming, so I came a little early,” Tanner says. 
“How long have you been here?” I ask. If the sprinklers in the back yard hadn’t turned on, I probably would have been here twenty minutes ago. 
“Just about ten minutes or so,” he says. His sheepish smile draws me in closer. “Besides, I really wanted to see you again anyway.” 
“Me too. Seeing you that is, not me.” Now I am blushing from his compliment and my bumbling speech. Of course that’s what I meant. I didn’t need to explain it. Tanner just smiles and offers me his hand. I take it and let him lead me over to an old wooden bench at the edge of the light. 
“Do you think I’m a total weirdo for asking you to meet me here?” I question him. 
Tanner looks over at me, surprised. “What? No, of course not.” 
“Really? I’d probably be freaked out if it was you who asked me.” 
The sound of Tanner’s laugh filling the night makes me blush. “Well, at least you’re honest.” He slips his arm around my shoulders. “I supposed you’re right, though. It would be different if a guy was trying to get you to sneak out at night and meet him. I’m sure you’d think I was trying to seduce you, or something worse.” 
“You aren’t afraid I’m trying to seduce you?” I tease. 
Tanner laughs again. “You say that like it’s a bad thing.” 
His words are enough to turn me crimson, but the heat smoldering in his eyes steals away my ability to think or breathe. I can’t seem to move when his fingers come up to brush softly against my cheek. The slow turn of his lips up to a smile nearly sends me over the edge. I came here with my head so full of despair and fear, but now the only thought I can hold onto is that I desperately want Tanner to kiss me. 
Startling me, Tanner’s hand drifts down from my cheek and takes my hand. The motion finally allows me to breathe again. Tanner looks down at our hands, his gaze lingering a moment before turning back to me. “In all seriousness, though,” he says quietly, “I figured you had more important things on your mind right now anyway. Whatever you want to talk about, I’m here, Arra.” 
For a while, we just sit quietly. I lean my head against his shoulder, reveling in how good it feels to be near him. I asked him to come because I needed to talk, but I want a few moments to ignore everything and just pretend. With Tanner, I can convince myself tomorrow will just be another day. Tanner doesn’t push me to say anything. He seems content to let me get to what’s troubling me when I’m ready. I am thankful for that. When he does finally speak again it’s just an innocent question that hits the wrong nerve. 
“So, are you excited for the bonfire on Saturday?” 
Tears well up in my eyes and I just can’t hold it in any longer. I start crying right there on the bench when all I wanted to do was forget everything for a while. Tanner’s face freezes in confusion, but his arms instantly come up around my shoulders and pull me into a hug I desperately need. 
“Arra, are you okay? What did I say?” he asks. “I’m so sorry.” 
I want to respond, but I can’t stop crying. He is never going to want to speak to me again. But after tomorrow, even that won’t matter. That thought does not help me stop crying. Gentle fingers reach up and brush my tears away. His hands smooth my hair out of my face and he tells me it will be okay over and over again. 
Not sure how long I have been crying, I can only take deep cleansing breaths when the tears finally stop. “Tanner, I’m so sorry. I can’t imagine what you must think about me right now,” I say. I keep my head down, waiting for him to jump up and run. 
“I’m thinking that you’re having a really hard time right now, that’s all,” he says. “And I don’t know if I can help, but I’ll do my best if you’ll let me.” 
Tanner can’t possibly be so nice. I want to reach up and kiss his concerned lips until he forgets the last few minutes, but I resist that urge. I asked him here to talk and he certainly deserves an explanation. Finding the words to begin proves more difficult than I expect. 
“Arra,” Tanner says quietly. He pushes my chin up to look at him. “Is everything okay at home? I know the move has been hard, but last night when you talk about your family you got upset. And when I took you home, you didn’t seem to want to go in. If something is going on at home, you can tell me. Will figure out who to go to for help.” 
My eyes widen as I realize what Tanner is saying. I shake my head in disbelief, feeling terrible that I’ve given him the wrong impression of my family. “Tanner, it’s nothing like that, I promise. My mom and dad have never mistreated me. Last night, I just didn’t want to leave you. It wasn’t about being scared to go home at all.” 
“Really?” he asks, obviously not convinced. 
“I promise. My mom and dad are great. This has nothing to do with them.” 
“Then what does it have to do with?” he asks. 
I know that what is really happening to me sounds absolutely insane. I hesitate actually telling him, but if I don’t, he might go on thinking my parents are abusing me. I don’t want him to look at me like I have completely lost it, but I know I need to. Oh well, I think, chances are I won’t be around for him to laugh at anyway. 
“Tanner, this is going to sound really crazy,” I begin. 
“Your brother isn’t really in college, is he? He’s living in your basement chained to a wall because he eats little children,” Tanner says with a lopsided grin. I laugh and his smile widens. “I’m just kidding, Arra. Whatever it is, though, just tell me. I promise I won’t laugh, or run off or anything.” 
“Well, it all started with these weird dreams I’ve been having ever since we moved,” I say. 
“What kind of dreams?” Tanner asks. “Nightmares?” 
“Yeah, you could say that. In the dreams, I see this girl who looks exactly like me being drug up an Aztec temple to be sacrificed to one of their gods. The first night I saw her kidnapped from her home, and every night after that I see more of what she went through,” I say. 
“Human sacrifice, huh?” Tanner says. I can almost hear him thinking how cool that is in his mind. Boys. “That’s pretty grisly stuff, but …” 
“But nothing to cry about, right?” I finish. 
He shrugs apologetically. I’m sure after thinking I was being abused at home, bad dreams seem pretty mild. 
“If it were only the dreams, I would have just passed them off as nothing, but then I started finding these pictures in my mom’s albums. There were all these girls that looked just like me, that all died on their sixteenth birthdays. That’s when I found out about Katie. She died on her sixteenth birthday too, just like all the others.” 
“Okay, that’s a little creepy,” Tanner agrees. “How many girls are we talking about?” 
“At least a dozen that I found. That’s as far as my mom’s records go back. I’m sure there’s even more, though,” I say. “One of them was my grandpa’s sister.”  
“What happened to her?” Tanner asks. 
 Quickly, I dole out the details of both Katie’s and Maera’s deaths, details I was sure he hadn’t heard about Katie from his mom. Tanner listens to every word with rapt attention. I even point out how every girl looked just like me, handing over the pictures from my back pocket to prove it. His expression goes back and forth between bewildered and disbelieving to worried more times than I can keep track of. 
“And if all that doesn’t freak you out enough,” I say, “when I asked my grandpa about all of this, he told me an old family story about a woman who was supposed to be made a human sacrifice, but made some kind of deal with the gods to save herself and curse her daughters to die in her place.” 
“Your grandpa believes all of this?” Tanner asks, back to disbelief. I nod. “Do you?” he asks. 
Of course I do. Anyone in my place would, but I feel like an idiot actually saying it. “I’m starting to,” I say weakly. “I mean, maybe if it was just the story or just the dead relatives, I could laugh it away, but, Tanner, the dreams are so real. I wake up at night crying, too scared to go back to sleep.” 
“Well, I guess I just don’t know what to say, Arra. It’s pretty hard to wrap my head around curses and stuff, but I can see that you’re really worried about this,” he says. “Do you really think this curse, or whatever, is coming after you?” 
“I turn sixteen tomorrow, Tanner.” 
“Oh. I can see why you’re so freaked out then. I guess I would be too,” he says. “Are you scared?” 
“Terrified.” 
“What can I do?” 
“Just stay with me. I don’t want to be alone tonight,” I say. “I feel safe with you. I feel like everything might actually be okay when I’m with you.” 
Tanner stands up from the bench suddenly and I worry that I have finally pushed him too far. Instead of running away as fast as he can, he grabs my hand and pulls me up beside him. “Come with me,” he says. I follow him past the swing sets and out of the pale circle of light from the street lamp to a grassy hill behind the park. 
Stopping at the top of the hill, Tanner lies down on the grass and motions for me to lie down next to him. The cool grass tickles the back of my legs and arms, but Tanner’s arm behind my head protects my neck. He cradles me against him and stares up at the sky. Following his gaze, I look up and am filled with amazement. I have never seen so many stars at once. I couldn’t even see the stars from our old apartment, and even if I was outside after dark, the city lights usually overpowered everything else. 
“It’s beautiful,” I whisper. 
“This is my favorite place to come when I need a break from everything,” Tanner says. 
“Thank you for bringing me here.” 
We lay silent for a while, I’m not sure how long, but I try to let the peaceful night seep into me and carry away my fear. It works for a while. As time passes, though, I wonder what Tanner is thinking. Figuring that since he is still here he might be up to answering another question, I decide to ask. 
“Tanner, do you believe any of what I told you?” 
“Yeah, I mean, most of it,” he says. “It’s kind of hard to argue with the fact that so many girls have died at sixteen in your family or that they all look just like you. And your grandpa certainly believes in the story about the sacrifice.” He pauses. 
“So what don’t you believe?” I ask. 
“That you’ll die tomorrow.” 
“How can that be the one thing you don’t believe?” I ask. “Everything else leads up to it.” 
Tanner shifts, and is suddenly up on his elbow looking down at me. “I don’t believe it because I don’t want to.” 
I stay completely still as Tanner’s arm crosses over me and starts gliding up and down my arm. I’m not sure if he is actually leaning closer as he speaks or if it just seems like that to me because I want him to so badly. My desire to keep him near me pushes me to add to the connection. The trembling in my fingers doesn’t stop me from sliding my hand behind his neck. I want to pull him closer, but I am not that brave, so I hold him in my gaze, waiting and wishing. 
“I’ve only had three days to get to know you,” Tanner says. “I simply refuse to believe that this will be my last night with you.” His face is serious and he is definitely moving closer to me now. “Besides, you still have too much work do to on your shooting.” 
His attempt to lighten the mood doesn’t work on me any more than it does on him. Between fate and the intensity of the desire swirling around inside of me right now, I have room for nothing else. He leans in closer, only inches away from me now. My breathing stops. 
“Tanner, I’m so scared.” 
Any attempt at hiding his true thoughts fades away. “So am I,” he whispers. Pain and fear edge his features. His hand reaches up to my face as his lips come down to mine. It’s just a light brush at first, but I can’t resist pulling him back down to me. When we met again, it is with more force. I want to lose myself in Tanner’s touch, but all too soon he pulls away. 
“I should get you back home,” he says quietly. He smile turns teasing, yet still filled with desire. “I knew you were trying to seduce me.” 
“Yet you still came.” 
Tanner smiles again, “Of course.” 
“Well, I must not have done a very good job if you’re taking me home already.” 
I watch as Tanner’s smile falters and concern begins to fill his eyes. “If the situation weren’t what it is, maybe it would be different, but I know how scared you are right now and I don’t want to take advantage of that.” 
I want to stay under the stars with him forever, but as much as I want to be distracted, I know he is right. “Thank you,” I say honestly. 
I let Tanner pull me up with only a hint of regret. He holds me close as we walk past the busy house that still has a few lights on and the shut-in’s house with the yellow roses. Instead of heading to my front door, he turns toward the backyard and silently opens the gate for me. I look up at him with a question. 
“I figured you didn’t tell your parents you were going out in the middle of the night to hang out alone with a guy you barely know,” he says. There is no judgment in his words, but there is an almost guilty edge. 
“What did you tell your mom?” I ask. 
“I told her I was staying over at Evan’s,” he says. 
Back at my window by then, Tanner pulls the window open as soundlessly as he can. We wait for the creaking to settle before he helps me climb through. Standing on either side of the window we hold onto each other. I don’t want to let go. I am scared of letting go. Tonight is a night of risks. 
“Tanner, will Evan say anything if you don’t show up at his house tonight?” I ask. 
Tanner shakes his head. It is barely noticeable, but the way his fingers tighten around mine is answer enough. 
“Will you stay?” I ask. “No more jokes about who’s trying to seduce who. It’s just…I don’t want to be alone tonight.” 
“Of course I’ll stay.” 
He doesn’t let go of me as he climbs through my window, or when I lead him to the bed. And he only wrapped his arms around me more tightly as we lay side by side. Safely snuggled up against his body, I close my eyes and focus every ounce of my mind on the rise and fall of Tanner’s chest. His breathing slows eventually and falls into the pattern of deep sleep long before mine does. 
Hope and dread dance around in my mind. Dread for what I will soon have to face is easily winning. There is no hope left in me that my grandpa will find the hidden solution, the way to fool fate. Chilled, but not by the temperature, I pull a quilt my mother made for me when I was little over our bodies. It is too warm for the heavy blanket, but the mish mash of creamy colors is soothing to my mind. I barely even register that someone assembled my bed for me. I cry as I lay in Tanner’s arms, knowing what a wasted effort it will turn out to be. 
Tears seep out of my tightly sealed lids as reality slips away and a different, ancient reality slowly creeps in. 





Chapter Twenty-One

“Stop your crying,” he hisses, disgust thick on his lips. “It is an honor to be chosen as a sacrifice. Your death will bring saving rains this dry season.” 
The word death sends her into hysterical sobs. “I…don’t…want to …die!” she screams between sobs. 
The guards surrounding her hate her for her cowardice. One is making a great effort not to hit her. The priest’s face twists in anger behind his mask, then suddenly changes, perplexed. 
“Then why,” he asks with a restrained voice, “did you volunteer yourself as a sacrifice to Tlaloc. It is a great honor and privilege to be chosen, especially this year with the New Fire Ceremony, but only the willing should submit to the gods. Only slaves and prisoners are sacrificed against their will.” 
“I am not here by choice,” she snaps. Burning tears have already streaked the carefully painted makeup. She wipes the remaining wetness away with the back of her hand. 
“What?” the priest demands. Fury lines his face. “What do you mean, it was not your choice? An unwilling sacrifice will not please Tlaloc as a humble servant would. It may anger him and cause him to withhold the life-giving rain.” His eyes flit rapidly around the mesa. “Who has done this?” 
“My village leaders hoped to gain Tlaloc’s favor above other villages. There has been sickness and drought there for several summers. They knew I was born on the day of Tlaloc. They seemed to think it was fitting I should be given back to him on his blessed day,” Kivera says. Vile anger fills the last statement. “I was unwilling to go, but I turn sixteen today. Next year I would be too old to sacrifice to Tlaloc. My father had kept them from taking me in the past, but with this year also being the year of the New Fire, the village elders would wait no longer.” 
Kivera takes the most defiant stance she can muster. “They stole me from my bed!” she screams. “In the middle of the night they killed my father and tied me up and carried me away.” Her stance softens. Her anger dissipates, replaced by fear and grief. “Please help me,” she begs. “I don’t want to die.” 
“Stop sniveling!” He paces a few steps. “Regardless, you should be proud to be offered to Tlaloc, not crying on the ground begging for rescue!” 
Shame for her actions has no place in Kivera’s heart or mind. “Please! You must help me. Please!” 
A muscled hand slaps her face, leaving rising red welts. He shudders, struggling to restore his calm. Torn between his duty and desire to please his god, and the terrified girl before him, a feral growl escapes his throat. “You do not willingly submit to Tlaloc, but there is no one else! There must be a sacrifice. There must!” He turns to her glaring. “You must submit!” 
“No! I will not die for any god!” 
“Tlaloc will be angered. The rains will not come. Sickness will spread. This will all be on your head. You must submit!” 
“Never!” Anger shakes her body. “The gods are immortal. Why do they need my blood? I will not submit,” she growls. 
“The gods need blood to be sustained. Since they have no blood of their own, we must offer them ours. You foolish girl. You know this! Every child knows this. You must die, to save us all.” 
He raises the obsidian blade high above his head. Her chest heaves in strangled gasps and pleas for mercy. 
“No!” she screams relentlessly, her eyes wide with terror. “I will do anything you want. Anything. Please, don’t kill me. I’ll do anything. I don’t want to die,” she sobs helplessly. Tied to a stone altar, she begs for her life. “I’ll do anything.” 
The priest’s blade falters, still held high above his head. Slowly his hands fall back to his sides. Eyes glazing over, he lifts his face to the sky. Perfectly still, he listens. Even Kivera cannot help reducing her mewling and begging to a quiet stare of amazement. 
Finally, his face slackens. Eyes focus once more. The oily black blade twitches in his hand. A painful smile creases his features. 
He lowers the wooden mask from his face. The high priest’s skin is smooth and unblemished. Younger than any other high priest in remembered history, he is revered by all of his fellows, and many believe that he has risen higher than any other in his standing with the gods. His next words confirm those beliefs. 
“Tlaloc has spoken to me. He will not accept an unwilling sacrifice.” 
The bound woman gasps, but a vicious snarl quells her relief instantly. 
“Tlaloc will accept the Eunuchs,” he gestures to her guards, “as sacrifices this day, if you are willing to give up all of your daughters to Tlaloc on the last year of their childhood. If you do this, Tlaloc will allow you to live through this day.” 
Kivera’s hesitates only a second. “Yes, yes I will do this. I will give my daughters to Tlaloc if he will only let me live. I will do it,” she cries, relief flooding her soul. 
Her bindings are cut from her hands and the covenants are made. Her tear streaked face lifts upward to the heavens in pure exalted joy. The sun shines on her face, burning her eyes. She blinks only once. 

***

I open my eyes. The room is dark, a shock after the bright Aztec sun. My eyes burn with unshed tears. I press myself against Tanner’s still sleeping form and know I am facing the end. “No,” I whisper as I cry, “please, no.” 





Chapter Twenty-Two

His fingers brush away my tears before I even realize he is awake. My crying must have woken him. 
“Hey,” he whispers, “what’s wrong? Did you have another dream?” 
All I can do is nod. Tanner’s lips come down and touch my temple. His hand slides down to my shoulder and runs up and down my arm. His touch slowly sends the pain far enough away that I can feel his warmth surrounding me. Reaching up for his hand, I grab it and pulled it across my body so I am wrapped in his arms. I feel protected in that moment. I never want to move. 
“What happened in the dream,” Tanner asks. 
I don’t want to think about it, but I answer anyway. 
 “She gave us all up. She promised her daughters’ lives to her god so she could save herself.” I choke back another fit of crying. I can hardly believe the words I’m saying. This belongs in a bad Hollywood movie, not in real life. Blood thirsty gods thousands of years old don’t exist, I tell myself over and over again. Tonight I will go to dinner and watch a random movie with my parents. I will. 
“Are you alright?” Tanner asks, shattering my weak fantasy. 
“How could she?” I question, the tears and sobs flowing freely once more. I am amazed to find I even have any tears left to cry. “How could she condemn her own children, condemn me and Katie and everyone else, to death? She had no right to offer what wasn’t hers to begin with. How could she?” 
“Some people are just so selfish they can’t think about anything beyond what they want,” Tanner said. 
“What do I do now? There’s no way to stop this, is there?” 
Tanner’s body stiffens and he moves my face to look at him. “Arra, you are not going to die today. Do you hear me? It isn’t going to happen.” 
“Yes it is. There’s no way to stop it. I don’t know how many girls have died already, but I know I’m going to be the next one.” I just want to curl back up and close my eyes. 
“What about your grandpa? You said he had some kind of theory or something. What was his plan?” Tanner asks. 
“I don’t know. He said he had an idea, but he never told me what it was,” I say. “He might not actually have a plan. He might have just been saying that to make me feel better.” 
Tanner rolls onto his back, but doesn’t let go of my hand. “There has to be something we can do.” He looks back over at me. “I wish you’d told me sooner. Maybe if we had more time we could find something.” 
I almost laugh. “Tanner, for one thing, if you hadn’t mentioned going to the bonfire Saturday, I don’t think I would have told you at all. I was ready to back out. I mean, ‘Hey, Tanner, I’m gonna die tomorrow. Wanna hang out?’ just isn’t something you really say to someone. And two, I have been trying to figure this thing out since I found out about it. There’s just nothing left to do.” 
“I won’t accept that, Arra.” The seriousness in Tanner’s face startles me. 
“Why do you care so much?” I ask. “You’ve know me for less than a week. I mean, I’m glad you do, and I’m glad you even believe me, but why? Why aren’t you running from the crazy new girl as fast as you can?” 
Tanner’s face softens as he looked at me. I am no shrinking violet. I don’t fall all over myself or spend hours in front of the mirror, but I know I’m attractive. Being pretty is definitely not the whole reason for Tanner sticking by me, though. It would take way more than pretty to make up for everything I dumped on Tanner last night. There has to be something more. 
“Why are you still here?” I ask. 
“I…I don’t really know,” he admits. “I remember seeing you walk down the dirt path that day and I was completely mesmerized by you. You were so focused that you didn’t even notice us, even though Evan was laughing like an idiot about something. I didn’t know what you were thinking about, but it seemed important, and I instantly wanted to know more about you.” He pauses and his boyish grin returns. “Plus, I thought you were absolutely gorgeous.” 
That breaks through my hopeless pallor just a little and elicits the tiniest smile. Tanner leans down and kisses me lightly, transferring a little more of his hope to me. 
“Well, now you know what I was thinking about that day,” I say. “And you’re still here.” I want to believe him so badly. I have nothing left to put my hope in but him. “Do you have any ideas? I’m willing to try anything.” 
Tanner considers my question for a few minutes. I can see the barest hint of the morning sun starting to edge into the sky. 
“I may have one,” Tanner says. 





Chapter Twenty-Three

“Hello?” a voice mumbles into the receiver.
“Grandpa?” 
“Arra? What’s wrong honey? What happened?” His voice is frantic. I can hear him shoving away his blankets. I thought he would be up already. Aren’t all old people up before sunrise? 
“Grandpa, it’s okay,” I say. Well kind of. “Grandpa I saw the end of the dream. Kivera did exactly what you said she did. She gave up the lives of her daughters to save herself from being a sacrifice.” Tanner takes my hand and rubs his hand up and down my back to give me strength. I soak up every ounce he can give me. 
“Was there anything specific in the agreement? Anything we could use to undo it?” he asks. 
“I don’t think so, Grandpa. She made a covenant with the priest and then they sacrificed the guards in her place. It was just a promise. No secret steps or magic potion. It was just a promise between her and Tlaloc.” 
My grandpa sighs. I had been hoping for something more useful, too. 
“Arra, go back to sleep if you can. If Katie and Maera were any indication, you should have until about noon,” he says. His voice is steady, but I can hear his fear. He hasn’t formulated any plan yet. That seems clear. Because there is no plan that will work, I tell myself grimly. 
“But, Grandpa,” I begin before he cuts me off. 
“Now listen, Arra, I don’t completely understand all of this, but whatever happens, you will need all your strength. I will get you through this, I promise. Please, get some more rest. Meet me at the park near your house at ten o’clock. I haven’t given up yet and neither should you.” 
“Grandpa, wait,” I say, “we had an idea.” 
“We? Did you tell your parents?” He sounds absolutely horrified. 
“No,” I say quickly, “of course not. But I did tell someone. I told Tanner everything.” 
“Tanner? Why?” he asks. 
Isn’t that the question of the day? “Because, Grandpa, I needed someone to talk to and he was willing to listen. We were talking about it this morning after I woke up from the dream and he had an idea.” 
“You talked to Tanner when you woke up from the dream?” Silence. “Is he there right now?” 
For crying out loud! Is that really what he needs to be worrying about right now? 
“Yes, Grandpa, he’s standing right next to me. And he has an idea,” I repeat. 
“Arrabella, it isn’t even dawn yet. How long has Tanner been there?” he asks. 
My body is rigid with anger, embarrassment, frustration, and just about every other emotion. Tanner looks at me with a question in his eyes. My grandpa is not going to let up. I don’t have time to try and lie to him. 
“He stayed with me all night because I was too afraid to fall asleep alone,” I say quickly. Tanner’s eyes widen in alarm. “And before you ask, no we didn’t do anything and no my parents don’t know he’s here, and please don’t tell them. I promise it won’t happen again.” Tanner pouts at that. I can’t help but throw him a devilish smile. “That is, if I ever even get the chance to sneak a boy into my room again. Okay? Now, can we get back to what’s really important this morning?” 
My grandpa clears his throat. I think my mentioning that this will be a totally moot point if I don’t make it past noon alive quell any further desires he has to question my choices or threaten to tell my parents. “So, uh, what was Tanner’s idea?” 
“Do you know Father Margulies?” 
“The priest over at Saint Michael’s Parish? What does he have to do with anything?” he asks. 
“Tanner attends church there. He thinks Father Margulies might be able to help us think of a way out of this mess,” I say. “Would you please just meet us there? It’s worth a try, isn’t it?” 
It takes him longer than it should to answer. I don’t understand his hesitation. He promised to help me in any way. Why does talking to a priest seem so bad? My family isn’t particularly religious, and neither is my grandpa, but I am perfectly willing to go. 
“Grandpa?” I urge. 
“I’ll be there in fifteen minutes.” The line goes dead. 





Chapter Twenty-Four

After my grandpa’s reaction, I walk toward the church fearing what I will find. I’ve seen pictures of some of the old Catholic churches, complete with gargoyles and stone saints staring out at the sinners, but this church is nothing like that. A simple building stands in front of me. The red brick walls stretch up to a plain slate roof. 
No snarling animals or stern visages are anywhere to be seen. I can’t imagine what my grandpa’s problem is. In fact, where is he? I look up the street toward his house. I thought he would beat us here. Tanner and I wait in front of the building for several minutes. Fidgeting in my irritation, I start pacing in front of the steps, dragging Tanner along with me because he refuses to let go of my hand. 
My grandpa still hasn’t appeared when the old door of the church creaks open. I spin around to lock eyes with a middle aged man dressed in black. The little square of white on his collar and the cross dangling from his neck names him as Father Margulies. 
“Good morning,” he says. 
“Um, good morning,” I say, glancing around for my grandpa. Where is he? 
“Good morning, Father,” Tanner says. 
“I saw you two arrive a few minutes ago. I waited for you to come in, but you seemed to be reluctant to open the door,” Father Margulies says. “I thought I would make it a little easier for you. I often counsel youth in need of answers. If there’s anything I can do to help, I would be happy to listen.” 
He watches us carefully. He knows Tanner, obviously, and I suppose he can probably guess who I am, but his focused gaze suggests he is searching our faces for something more than our names. Suddenly, the fact that he is a priest and that we are two teenagers standing in front of a church very early in the morning without our parents seems to click and I realize he is wondering what sin we’re here to confess. Tanner seems to come to the same conclusion. 
“Father Margulies, we aren’t here to…confess anything. We just needed to talk to you about a, uh, point of doctrine, I guess.” Father Margulies raises an eyebrow. “We were only waiting for Arra’s grandfather to get here before we came in,” Tanner says. 
I am grateful to him for speaking up. I’m still tongue-tied with embarrassment. 
“Alden Malo is your grandfather, isn’t he?” Father Margulies asks. I nod. “Why don’t you come on in? Alden knows to come right in when he gets here. He and I have visited many times.” 
“You have?” I ask.
“Oh yes, many times. We do not often see eye to eye on many points because of Alden’s strong aversion to religion in general, but we do often speak of spiritual matters,” he says. “Follow me inside and we can speak about whatever you like.” 
Tanner and I do follow him, but I can’t help glancing back before the door swings closed. Why is my grandfather so hesitant to come speak with the priest if he has done so plenty of times before? Will he not show up just because he doesn’t like going to church? Anger has me tightening my hold on Tanner’s hand. He only squeezes my hand in return. Grandpa will be here soon, I tell myself. He promised. 
“So, Miss Arrabella Malo, what exactly would you like to ask me?” Father Margulies asks after we are all seated in his office. “Would it have anything to do with Aztec gods?” 
Apparently he and my grandpa have talked quite a bit. “Yes, it does,” I say. 
“What is your question?” 
“Are they real? Can they really make promises with people?” 
Father Margulies seems to be expecting the question. “When is your birthday, Arrabella?” 
“Today. I’m sixteen.” 
He nods as if expecting this as well. 
“Father, it seems that you know why we’re here,” Tanner says. “Is any of this real?” 
“Do you believe it is real?” the priest asks Tanner. 
“Yes, I do.” 
Father Margulies nods. I wonder whether he is ever going to actually answer a question. 
“I have met with Alden Malo several times to discuss the reality of the curse he believes is on his family. A few years ago, I would have said that it was all a delusion, but Alden has some very convincing evidence. I never knew his sister Maera, but I knew Katie,” he says sadly. “I remember her death. I remember the strangeness surrounding her passing very well.” 
“Do you believe the curse is real?” Tanner asks. 
“I fear I have no choice but to believe,” the priest says. He looks up at the door behind us. Tanner and I follow his gaze. The door now stands open, my grandpa holding it with one hand. The other hand is stuffed in his pocket. “Good morning, Alden,” Father Margulies says. 
My grandpa’s eyes fall to me. They look tired and worn. He must not have gotten very much sleep last night either. 
“I thought you weren’t coming,” I say quietly. 
“Of course I was coming, it just took me a little longer to get ready than I thought it would. I wanted to give you something,” he says. Taking his hand out of his pocket, two thin strands of gold trail after his fingers. One holds a simple locket, the other a small gem. “These belonged to Maera and Katie. I wanted you to have them. I know they would both want to help you if they could.” 
I let him slip the necklaces around my neck. The warm metal pulses against my skin. I imagine I can feel them placing their hands on me, lending me strength and hope. “Thank you, Grandpa.” 
He shuffles around me to an empty seat and slumps into it. “So you’ve changed you mind, have you?” he says. His comments are directed at the priest, but Father Margulies gives his answer to me. 
“Your grandfather has spent many years trying to convince me of the curse on his family. He showed me all the names and dates and pictures and told me the stories as well,” he says. He turns back to my grandpa. “I never said I didn’t believe you, Alden. You just didn’t like any of the explanations I tried to offer. You assume I do not believe because I didn’t just take everything you said at face value.” 
“You tried to work my family’s history into your church’s beliefs. That’s not why I came to you. I don’t want to hear you talk about the devil or evil spirits or whatever else you want to attribute this to. Those mean nothing to me,” my grandpa says. The heat in his voice shocks me. My grandpa never gets angry. The only other emotion I’ve ever seen him exhibit besides his usual cheerfulness is sadness, never anger. And at a priest, even! 
“Then why did you come to me?” Father Margulies asks. 
“Because…because you know about these kinds of things, dealing with gods and making promises. I wanted to understand what had happened,” he says. 
Now the priest turns back to me and Tanner. “And why have you two come to me today? For the same reason?” 
Tanner and I glance at each other. “Not exactly,” I say. “My question is simple. How do we make it stop?” 
“Arrabella, if I knew the answer to that question, you would be at home in your bed, not sitting here in front of me,” he says. 
I look over at Tanner, my eyes filling with tears. His hand is crushing mine and his eyes offer a silent apology. 
“There’s nothing left,” I whisper. Tanner’s suggestion had offered me hope again. The religions were miles apart, but there has to be enough similarities to give him some idea of what a god would want with so many dead young women. “Why is this happening?” I ask, looking up at the priest again. 
“Often one person’s choices affect much more than they ever expect. Sometimes the results are wonderful, and sometimes they are not,” he says. 
“What would this god want with me? I did nothing to deserve this. Why doesn’t he punish Kivera instead?” I ask. 
“I don’t know. Perhaps he thought making her live with her decision would be more of a punishment than taking her life. The reasoning behind what an Aztec god, real or not, wants is probably beyond me, but I am familiar with other vindictive powers in this world and such beings often simply want to spread their misery as far as possible,” the priest says. 
“There has to be a way to stop this,” Tanner says. “You must have some idea of what we can do.” 
Father Margulies leans forward in his chair, bringing his face close to mine. “The woman in the story was punished for her selfishness. It may be that only an act of selfless love and courage can break the chain.” 
“What does that mean?” Tanner asks. 
The priest leans back. “It is just a thought, Tanner. I’m sorry I can’t offer you anything more.” 
Tanner stews in his seat. He had such hope in this idea. Failure streaks across his features, but I sit calmly in my chair. I am glad we came to visit Father Margulies. Even though he has no prayer or exorcism that can free me from this fate, his last words strike something inside of me. He believes the chain of death can be broken if someone can just figure out what it will take to do it. 
Will I be the one? Father Margulies’ words turn back and forth in my mind. An act of selfless love and courage could very well change everything. This whole week, I have been so focused on saving myself and being angry at Kivera’s choice, but what if the choice about whether or not this continues is up to me? All the girls that have died are imprinted on my mind. The future generations who will be affected are no less present. 
Kivera wasn’t willing to give up her life to save hundreds of her posterity. Am I? I can’t do anything to save those girls already taken, but maybe I can at least be the last. 





Chapter Twenty-Five

The dark mahogany wood is soft and smooth, polished by countless hands gripping the pew in search of comfort and guidance. My grandpa wanted to leave after talking to the Father, and even Tanner looked longingly toward the door, but I need the peace the chapel offers. Pacing in the foyer, my grandpa is wrestling with his own ideas and dilemmas. Tanner, I encouraged to take a few minutes to speak with his priest. 
I’m not Catholic and have no thoughts of becoming one right now, but I don’t want to be the reason Tanner turns away from his faith just because Father Margulies couldn’t come up with the answer my family has spent centuries searching for. Hoping he will be able to reconcile his feelings, I let my head fall down to the pew in front of me. I don’t pray. I really don’t even know how to pray even if I wanted to. Sitting with my head against the cool wood, I close my eyes and try to picture Katie. 
My dad said that I would have liked her. I wonder what she was thinking about when she woke up that day. She didn’t know everything I know, but the dreams alone would have been enough to convince her of what lay ahead. Did she wake up hoping it was all a big joke, or did she open her eyes knowing it would be the last time she did? Did she think about her family and the things she would miss? 
Picking my backpack up off the floor, I settle it in my lap. I brought it knowing deep down that I would need it. I packed the bag yesterday, before even considering telling Tanner anything about this. I thought I would wake up alone and slip out of the house to the meadow where I met Tanner. I know so few places in this town. In thinking of where to spend the last few hours of my life, I had quickly decided on the meadow. Amid terrifying dreams and legends it is the one place I have been happy. 
Wishing I could be there now, I unzip my backpack. The stationary my mother uses is formal and elegant. Pulling a thick sheet of paper out, I set it to the side. The pen is somewhere in the bottom of the bag, but my fingers find it with a quick sweep and pull it out along with an old school binder. 
The crisp stationary makes a soft whisk as I settle it in place. Shaking too much to write, I tap my foot as I try to draw the air into my lungs deeply enough to settle my tremors. I need to do this. I can’t leave my dad behind thinking he might have been responsible for yet another death. Slowly, feeling returns to my fingertips and the words began to flow. 
“Dear Mom and Dad,
“I don’t know when you will find this letter, but I couldn’t leave without saying goodbye. I’m just sorry I couldn’t do it in person. 
“Mom, you may not understand any of this, but I know you will, Dad. 
“Mom, I love you so much. I love how you tried so hard to protect me from the world. I’m sorry for all the times I’ve tried your patience. Your gentle heart made you a pushover, but I never doubted for a second that you have more strength than anyone else I know. You were always such an example of strength to me. 
“Dad, you know I love you. I have always been your little girl, and I always will be. I want you to know that there was nothing you could have done to stop this from happening. There was nothing you could have done for Katie, either. I understand what she went through so much better now. I know that she doesn’t blame you and that she would want you to forgive yourself. 
“When you are ready, go to Grandpa. He can explain what happened. It won’t make it any less painful, but it may be better than spending the rest of your life wondering if you could have saved me. 
“Please tell David that I love him, too. I will miss his constant teasing and his boundless energy. Tell him that I will miss his smile and big brother hugs more than he can ever know. 
“I can’t tell you not to cry or feel bad, because I know I wouldn’t be able to do that either. All that I do ask is that you don’t forget me. 
“I love you both so much. 
“I’m sorry.
“Arra.” 
The page is splattered with drops of moisture, smearing the ink in more than one place, but I can’t bear to recopy the words. Folding the sheet in thirds, I seal it in one of my mom’s envelopes and address it simply, “Mom and Dad”. 
Tucking the letter into my backpack, I know my mom will find it eventually. It might take a while for her to pack up my things, but she will when the pain eases up enough to let her say goodbye. I just hope it won’t take too long. I consider telling my grandpa about the letter so my parents will find it as soon as possible, but the sound of approaching steps reach my ears before I make my decision. 
Tanner slides in beside me and takes my hands in his. “How are you holding up?” 
“Okay, I guess.” 
It’s true, surprisingly enough. I questioned if knowing would be any help at one point. I know now that it does. For me, at least, it has. I still regret that I will not see David graduate from college, or get to attend myself. I wish I could have gone to the bonfire with Tanner tomorrow night. But in the end, knowing has helped me to feel at least a little prepared. I know what is coming and I will face it no matter what the outcome turns out to be. 
“I’m sorry about dragging you into this, Tanner.” 
“Don’t be. I’m glad you told me. I’m glad we got this time together. I’ll never forget it,” he says. My heart breaks a little to hear him say that. It sounds like he has accepted the inevitable, too. 
There are so many things I want to say to him, but I just lean against his shoulder and let him hold me until everything melts away. 
“Arra. Arra, wake up.” 
I hear the words, but it is the soft touch of Tanner’s lips against my ear as he whispers that wakes me. Opening my eyes, I see nothing but mahogany. I don’t know how I even managed to fall asleep, but at least it was a dreamless sleep. Somehow I ended up with my head on Tanner’s lap and my feet up on the bench. Probably not the most reverent way to sit in a pew. Or the most comfortable. Pushing myself up, pain flares in my neck and shoulder. 
Why did Tanner wake me up? Is it time already? I bolt upright. “Tanner? What’s happening?” I ask. 
“It’s okay, Arra. Sorry to wake you, but your grandpa wanted you to meet him in the garden,” Tanner whispers. 
“The garden?” My mind is still a little groggy. What garden is he talking about? 
“Behind the church. Father Margulies suggested it,” Tanner explains. 
A garden behind a Catholic church. That is where I will die. Is that fitting, or ironic? I’m not really sure. It seems like it will only bring up more questions, like how had I managed to die just sitting in a garden behind a church? Katie and Maera were both doing something that at least might have accounted for their deaths. What could any coroner say about me? My heart will just stop while I am taking in the scents of the summer blooms. 
That will kill my dad. He will want an explanation, especially after Katie. But maybe this is better. It will just be a freak occurrence. I am healthy, current on all my vaccinations and physical exams. There is nothing my dad can blame himself for. It will break his heart, but maybe not his mind as well. 
“Are you ready to go?” Tanner asks. He cringes, hearing the double meaning in his words. I nod, to both questions, and he takes my hand. 
Stepping aside, he waits for me to grab my backpack and make my way to the aisle. The walk through the church is quiet and still. There are no other patrons. The emptiness is softened by the light filtering in through the high stained glass windows. The hallway we walk down looks as if it is paved in precious gems. For a moment, I felt like Alice, or Dorothy, or a dozen other fairytale girls, except that I am not on my way to find a prince or live happily ever after. 
Even still, I am sad when Tanner pulls me from the dazzling hall toward a door nestled at the back of the church. It is square, made of plain looking wood, sturdy, but old. Nothing special. Nothing special to anyone else maybe, but Tanner and I slow to a stop right in front of it. Neither of us wants to open it. 
Tanner’s hand comes up to my chin and tilts my head to look up at him. His eyes tear at my heart. Every emotion running amok in my own heart is staring back at me through his eyes. All except the panic. I put my panic aside with the hope that this will all end with me. Tanner has either not been so lucky, or he doesn’t care about when it might end, only that it hasn’t ended already. 
He is piercing me with his eyes, and then he is suddenly pressing his lips against mine. It is nothing like his earlier kisses, light and playful. His fingers tangle themselves in my hair and pulled me against him. I find that mine are doing the same. His hair is coarse from the sun, but his lips are silk against mine. Passion and desperation wrapped themselves around us, mixing with the tears falling from both of our eyes. 
Slowly, the moment ebbs away and we are left crying with each other in front of the old wooden door that stands waiting to be opened. Loosening my grip on Tanner isn’t easy, but somehow I find the strength to let go and reach for the brass doorknob. I turn it and the light of full dawn sweeps into the hall. 





Chapter Twenty-Six

I see my grandpa as soon as I enter the garden. It is a small area, sheltered by trees on one side and open to the grass and flowers on the other three. Under the shade of one of the trees, my grandpa sits calmly on a wooden bench. Letting go of Tanner completely, I walk over to the bench and take the seat next to him. Tanner steps back, giving us our privacy and waiting with Father Margulies. 
“Did you get a little sleep?” he asks. 
“I’m sorry, Grandpa, I didn’t mean to fall asleep like that. I should have been helping you. I’ve just been so tired since all of this started.” Maybe at least after I am dead I might get a little rest. 
Wrapping his weathered arm around me, he pulls me close to his chest. “No, it’s good you got some rest. You may need it before the end.” 
“Grandpa, there’s nothing left. I know you want to believe you can change what will happen, but you just can’t,” I say. “Just promise me one thing.” 
“What, Arra?” 
“Promise that won’t let dad store my memory away like I never existed like he did with Katie. Not for me, but for him. Keeping Katie’s death so close to his heart is tearing him up. I don’t want him to hurt himself like that,” I ask. 
“I’ll make sure you are remembered, my sweet girl,” he says with tears in his eyes. He strokes my hair for a few seconds before asking, “Did you tell your parents where you were going this morning?” 
“I left a note,” I say quietly. “I told them I was going over to your house and that we were going to visit a friend of yours. It’s not much of a goodbye, is it?” 
“I still have hope that goodbye won’t be necessary.” 
“I almost stayed,” I say, “I wanted to have a few more hours with them, but I couldn’t. I didn’t want to put them through that, watching me die, especially not Dad. I can’t do that to him.” I look at my grandpa with guilt in my eyes. I’ve thought so much about protecting my dad from all of this, he seems to need it so badly, but how much have I thought of my grandpa? “I don’t want to do this to you either, Grandpa. You’ve already lost so much. I feel so selfish expecting you to go through it all again. I just don’t think I can do it alone.” 
He dries my tears with his fingers, brushing them away as fast as they can fall. 
“Did you really have some kind of plan?” I ask. 
His shoulders sag. He shakes his head slowly. “I’m still trying to come up with one, honey, but promise I won’t leave you alone for a minute. I have had more than twenty years to figure out what to do. I won’t lie and say I’ve figured everything out, but I’m not going into this blindly either. Just don’t let go,” he says, grasping my hand tightly. 
His tone is so calm and sure. He admits he doesn’t have a plan, but there is something he hasn’t told me. I wonder what he is still holding back. “How did you know what ceremony to ask Mr. Gadner about?” I ask. 
His face and voice are calm, but he grips my hand so tightly it starts to hurt. “I went through all of this after Katie died. I knew then that the stories were real. I went to South America for a few weeks to see some of my family, others who knew the curse was real. I needed to hear the stories from someone closer to the source. Women are usually the story keepers in families, but not ours. 
“My great uncle was bedridden from illness and age, but when he heard why I was there, he summoned me to his sick bed. He told me a secret he had never told another soul, not even his wife. When his daughter died, like Katie and Maera did, he was right next to her. They were tending their goats together out in the fields when she suddenly started screaming. He said she leapt up and ran as fast as she could. He barely caught up to her before it happened. 
“He grabbed her arm to stop her, and suddenly they weren’t in the fields anymore. They stood, both of them, on top of an ancient temple.” My grandpa struggles to control his emotions. “He was taken with her, but he couldn’t do anything to save her. They held him and forced him to watch his own daughter die. After that, he knew every detail of the ceremony. It wasn’t hard for him to find his answers then. 
“He was so stunned. He had no idea how to help his daughter. Like me he didn’t believe the stories until it was too late. I don’t know that I can be any more successful than my great uncle was, but I will try. I have spent so many years searching for answers. They won’t take you from me, Arra, I promise,” he says, his calmness returned. He smiles down at me. “Just don’t let go of my hand.” 
“I won’t, Grandpa,” I say, my eyes closing. He is scared, I know that, but I have a plan even if he doesn’t. This isn’t just about me anymore. 
I know my grandpa still harbors the idea of something working. He might have some inklings of a plan, but I know why he won’t tell me what it is. He’s afraid it won’t work. I tell myself it’s okay, though, because every minute convinces me more than I am right. I hugg my grandpa even more tightly, thankful he is willing to stick by me. 
Sitting quietly on the bench, we watch the flowers blow in the breeze, neither of us speaking. Tanner and Father Margulies stand watch as well. Tanner’s looks ready to run to my side, but Father Margulies holds him by the arm. I guess that might have something to do with the story my grandpa just told me. 
The four of us wait together for what we know must come. The morning breeze stirs the leaves above our heads. The sun inches its way up the sky. We hardly breathe. I know it is insane to simply sit and wait for my death-bringers to arrive, but I can’t bring myself to move from my grandpa’s side. Ice cream truck music drifts through the air, drawing my attention to the nearby road. 
Expecting brightly arrayed colors plastered on the side of a truck, my eyes widen as I see a dark skinned trio of men slowly marching toward me. My body stiffens. Clutching my grandpa, I cry out. Tanner struggles against Father Margulies, but the priest holds him tight. 
“Arra, what do you see?” My grandpa’s voice trembles. He pulls me closer to his chest. “Who’s coming?” 
“Three men,” I say breathlessly. “They’re dressed like the men in the dream. What do we do, Grandpa? They’re coming closer.” 
“I…I don’t know. Running won’t do any good.” 
Our eyes meet, both wild with terror. My face hardens and my shaking stills. “Well, I’m not just going to sit here and waited for them to come get me. Get up,” I say. Eyes on the approaching men, we stand together. I want to bolt into the trees, but I force myself to stand my ground. 
“Arra, you can’t run from them. You’ll only waste your strength, something I don’t think you should do,” he says firmly. His grip tightens on my hand, keeping me in place, though he doesn’t need to. 
“I’m not going to run. I just want to meet them face to face before they take me.” My calm visage threatens to collapse as they move closer. Shivers ripple through my body. My knees are on the verge of buckling and Tanner is trying to tear himself away from the priest. “They’re almost here,” I whisper. 
“Be strong, Arra. We’ll get through this. Trust me,” he pleads. His gaze trying to be calm and sure, but he is not quite successful. I doubt he will come up with some other solution to save me, but the strength in his eyes holds me and comforts me in a way I didn’t expect. 
“I’m ready,” I squeak, steeling myself. 
Suddenly, and without warning, the men are in front of me and my grandpa. Their speedy approach doesn’t so much as stir the air. Still unable to see the men, my grandpa seems to be able to feel their presence. The air feels as though it thickens around us, noises ceased. I have the impression I have been wrapped in a bubble and suspended in time. 
The man leading the group leans close to me, but does not touch my body. Piercing eyes gaze into me, seeing through my outward appearance. He seems to take pleasure in assessing his prey. An appreciative look settles on his features. 
I pull closer to my grandpa. What is this man doing? I wonder why he doesn’t just take me wherever we need to go. 
The man glances at his companions. Each nods in agreement. The leader extends his hand, waiting for me to accept it. 
Looking at my grandpa, I see his bewildered expression and remember that he can see nothing of what is happening. I don’t want to take the man’s hand, but I know I must. This is at least more bearable than screaming through the streets in terror. Slowly, my own hand extends. The tips of my fingers brush the smooth skin of the Aztec warrior’s hand, and the world slides away. 





Chapter Twenty-Seven

I stand, amazed at what I am seeing. My skin burns from the bright sun overhead. Standing high atop the mesa, I feel as though the sun has moved right up next to me. No breeze comes to cool my glistening skin. The putrid stench of the ceremonial fire fills my nostrils, stealing away what remained of the clean air left in my lungs. 
Regal in his ceremonial dress, the high priest stands waiting, a long black knife held loosely in his hand. His shoulders sagging with weariness, a quiet sigh escapes his lips. The men who came to claim me now stand in a half circle behind us, as if there is any real chance of escape. 
Even after hearing my grandpa recount his great uncle’s story, I am astounded. Everything doesn’t just look real, it is real. The heat, the smells, the stones under my feet. The only hitch in this timeless reality is the absence of any surroundings. The hills of South America are green and rolling, the rivers swift and long. But here, there is only the temple. No crowd of onlookers cheers. No birds fly overhead. There is only the mist, as if it has covered the whole earth. 
Silently, the high priest nods his head, the wooden mask bobbing with his movement. The silent guards seize my arms, tearing me from my grandpa’s grip. 
“No!” 
The scream is torn from my grandpa, while I bite my lip to keep from doing the same. 
Reaching for my hand, my grandpa steps forward in a rush. The loud crack barely registers to my ears, but the pain quickly sweeps through him. Lying on the hard stone of the temple mesa, my grandpa moans, clutching his head. A thin stream of blood runs through his fingers. His eyes roll in pain as he heaves in breath after breath. “Arra,” he croaks. 
“Stop,” the priest shouts. The man trembles visibly. “Just hold him.” He turns his back, a hand going under his mask to his eyes. 
The two remaining guards resume their work. I want to scream, beg them not to kill me. Fear is so thick I fear it will choke me. But I know this is what I have to do to stop any future deaths. My only concern now is for my grandpa. My eyes catch the priest’s. “Please don’t let them hurt him.” 
My words seem to catch him off guard. “I won’t,” he says slowly. “There was been enough killing already. Too much.” 
“I know.” My voice is quiet. I have more to say, but my strength falters. The calm I was hoping would surround me in this moment is hard to find. It is the right choice, but that doesn’t make it any easier. “There has been too much pain and suffering, but I hope this will be the last.” 
“It will never be the last,” the priest says in despair. 
The strain in his eyes overwhelms me. He gloried in offering sacrifices to his god in my dreams. That joy is gone now. He looks at the blade in his hand with disgust. Looking like he wants to throw it from the top of the temple, he clutches it more tightly instead. His weakness pushes me forward. 
“This will be the last death,” I tell him firmly. 
The priest’s whole body sags, worn from centuries of fulfilling his duty. His head drops to his chest as pain fills his features. “I’m sorry, Arrabella, but this curse will never end. I have no choice but to see you die by my own wretched hand, and every female of this line after you. The gods demand it, and they cannot be denied.” 
“That’s not true,” I tell him. “The gods are still waiting for their original demand to be met. They wanted a willing sacrifice, and…” My throat seizes with fear, but belief in what I am doing forces the words to be spoken. “And I am here to satisfy that demand. I give up my life willing to Tlaloc. I don’t want to see anyone else die.” 
“No!” my grandpa cries out, but the priest and guards seem not to have heard. I cannot face his pain, so I do not respond either. I turn to the priest instead. 
I can see it in his eyes. He doesn’t want to watch another girl die. He wants to stop the gruesome murders, but he doesn’t believe that this will work. He has endured too many murders atop this temple to believe it will ever end. He seems unsure of how to proceed. 
“Please, you have to help me stop this.” I have to be right about this. The thought of David one day having a daughter only to watch her die a strange and unexplainable death is worse than the idea of losing my own life. “Please. I don’t understand the selfishness that brought this curse to life, but you must help me put an end to it, please.” 
The movement starts slowly, just his hand moving from his side. Suddenly, the hand whips to his forehead and rips the wooden mask from his face. My pleading stops, and my gaze falls upon the man’s face. The difference in his features shocks me. He looks to be the same age as he was in my dreams, but he is barely recognizable as the same man. 
His skin is pulled too tightly against his skull, yet in some places seems to sag much more than it should. Red veins meander through the whites of his eye. His pupils, too large for the brightness of the day, seem to soak in every horrible detail of the mesa. His teeth are yellowed and weathered with cracks. Misery and hopelessness radiate from him. 
“Selfishness,” he repeats, sighing deeply. Withering even further as he speaks the word, the priest looks ready to collapse. Suddenly, the weariness in his face disappears in a flash, replaced by anguish. “You call me selfish, but I only thought to save a life, Kivera’s life. Do you think I was pleased when she was brought forward as a sacrifice? I was horrified, but it was too late.” 
My guards, who seem to be confused by the change in procedure, have lessened their grip on my body. Seizing the opportunity, I wrenched out of their grasp. Fear slaps their faces and they lunge for me again. The high priest waves them away. Reluctantly, they ease their stance. The priest’s strange young, but old hands cover his face, squeezing his flesh. 
“What are you talking about? You killed thousands in the name of your gods. What made you give in to Kivera’s pleas, of all people? Why make an exception for that selfish little girl? Why was she so different?” I ask, my calm turning back to anger as he tries to defend his decision. “Why would you save one girl and then condemn hundreds in her place?” 
“You would not have taken the deal if it were offered to you as it was Kivera?” he asks. 
“No,” I say, “Of course not. I’m trying to tell you now that I am willing to do what Kivera wasn’t. I want this to end.” 
“I want this to end as well, but you don’t understand the original decision. I could not let her die, no matter the cost” 
“Why Kivera? Why offer her such a vile deal, dooming her children to death, just to save her? How could either of you do that?” I stare, accusing him, forcing him to take responsibility. 
“Kivera was the most beautiful woman I had ever seen.” He pauses as my scowl deepens, my anger burning hot. I can’t bring myself to believe that this all started over a pretty face. I eye the knife in his hand and wishing he was the one suffering under this curse. 
Sensing my anger, the priest draws the knife behind his body and speaks. “It’s not what you think, Arrabella. I grew up with her. We were children together. I was sent to train in the city, but I went back to see her every chance I got. That summer she was turning sixteen, old enough for me to ask her father’s permission to marry her. 
“When I arrived in her village to speak with her father, he was dead and she was already gone. I asked those who weren’t too afraid to speak to me, but all I learned was that she had been taken to the city as a sacrifice to Tlaloc. I raced back to the city, hoping to stop her, but by the time I arrived the priests had already pronounced her the chosen sacrifice for the ceremony. It was binding. Nothing could be done to have the order rescinded.” 
The man, if he can be called that, crouches on the ground, his hands squeezing his temples. “I had wanted her for my bride. 
My jaw dropped at the beginning of his confession, now I simply struggle to keep up with his story. Glancing at my grandpa, I see that he has recovered from the blow to his head and is drinking in every detail. His face is stone, but strangely reassuring to me. 
“I did not know,” the priest continues, “that when she was presented before the priests that she hadn’t gone willingly. I didn’t know why she was there, stolen from her murdered father in an effort for her village leaders to gain favor in the eyes of Tlaloc. Only when she begged for mercy on this temple mesa did I realize what had happened, but then it was too late. Once a sacrifice is declared, it is unlawful to retract the person. 
“Tlaloc is not a god of mercy, not in any way. Her pleading, her promise of giving anything to save her own life inspired the mischievous god. He wanted to know how far she would go, how far we would both go, to save her life. She and I both accepted his offer. In exchange for Kivera's life, our daughters became forfeit.” 
I turn away from him in disgust. No matter how much he loved her, how could he agree to such a thing? Did he not consider that those would be his daughters as well? That he would be forced to murder his own children? I don’t understand how he could be so blind. 
“We had no idea it would continue like this. You must believe us. Both of us thought he meant her daughters, the ones she actually bore, not every female in her line. We had no idea,” he cries pitifully. 
“It doesn’t matter what you thought he meant,” I say with no pity. “Even one life was too many.” 
The guards, seemingly no longer content with drawing out what had to be done, grab my arms and haul me back to the altar. They slam me onto the rough stone table. The air in my lungs blasts out of my body and sends me into a fit of choking gasps. The hard pitted surface rubs against the bare parts of my skin as I squirm, trying to catch my breath. Pinpoints of pain radiate all over my body from the rough treatment. Every limb is tied securely before I am able to clear my head. 
Growling in anger, my grandpa tenses. No longer able to contain his rage, he rears against the ancient warrior holding him. Swinging elbows and fists at his captor, my grandpa tries to free himself. The burly man behind him does not even seem to notice the flailing and screaming. Tears slide down his face, matching my own expression. 
“I’m sorry, Arrabella, but I nothing can stop it now. The gods cannot be commanded by mortal man,” the priest whines. 
“You’re sorry? Is that all you have to say for the lives you’ve stolen?” I meet the priest’s eyes again, and hold his gaze. “What about your precious Kivera? Is she sorry, too? Is she even capable of feeling anything for anyone but herself? Is there any sorrow in her for the hundreds of girls she has murdered?” 
“Ask her yourself,” the priest whispers. 
I snap my head back toward the priest. The air wavers next to him, folding and rippling until a slender body materializes. A small woman stands gazing at her feet, motionless. A visible shudder runs through her body. Raising her head timidly, her eyes lock onto the priest’s. A glimmer of joy flashes briefly in her eyes before the realization hits and she collapses to the ground sobbing. 
“No, not again. Skaline, I can’t watch this again, I can’t. Make it stop, please,” she begs him. “I cannot watch another innocent child die. Please don’t let it be time again.” 
“Then don’t,” I say loudly. “Don’t let this continue.” 
The realization that Kivera does regret her decision, that she is even capable of emotion, has not changed my opinion of the selfishness of her behavior as a child, but I hope it will force her to listen to me. 
The woman snaps her attention to me, stunned by my outburst. “If you truly feel sorrow over what you have done, then help me stop this,” I beg. “Convince Skaline to ask Tlaloc if one life given willingly will stop the curse.” 
I glared at the woman who has caused so much death. Once she was a beauty, most likely turning every head around her. Now, her body, pocked by misery, hangs like a rag doll with little strength left. Kivera approaches my bound form, drying her tears furiously. 
“I hate myself for what I’ve done. Every second after making that decision I have been plagued by guilt and pain,” she said, as if that excuses her. “Six of my children died as sacrifices to Tlaloc, a god I despise with everything I am. Out of sheer mockery, we were finally blessed with a son. We were so pleased, pleased to have at least one child that would live past their sixteenth birthday. We thought we had been redeemed, that we could now have some semblance of happiness. We thought it was finally over. We aged, watching our son marry and have his own children. 
“The horror of what we had done never faded, but we found a small amount of joy in what we had left, until our son’s eldest daughter reached her sixteenth birthday. We had always counted our son as such a blessing, now we knew he was only a device to keep our bloodline alive. Once again we were swept here, I to watch, Skaline to perform the ceremony. It is our eternal punishment for our selfish actions. We can never escape it. 
“I wish that I could change things. I can’t bear to watch anyone else die. I was wrong to do what I did, but what can I do now? I cannot command the gods. I do not think anything will change their minds now. I am at their mercy, here for their pleasure, nothing more. I wish with all my heart that I could untie you and send you back to your family, but I can’t. I am sorry, truly sorry, Arrabella.” 
I turn my head away. What else can I say? Sorry doesn’t mean very much to me now. Sorry won’t bring anyone back. Not my Aunt Katie, not Maera, there is no saving them. Kivera is desperately seeking to ease her own conscience, nothing more, and I will not want to give her that satisfaction. 
“Won’t you even try?” I ask both Skaline and Kivera. “Please, just ask Tlaloc. Try to make up for what you have done. You’ll never have any peace if you don’t.” 
The pair glances at each other. The glimmer of hope in their eyes is not very strong, but it is there. I suspect that their desire to stop this curse has as much to do with ending their own pain as it does with saving anymore sacrifices, but as long as it works, I don’t care. 
Kivera nods to Skaline, and he returns the gesture. “I will try,” he says quietly. I watch as his eyes turns up toward the god he is seeking. His features become very still as his eyes glaze over. I think everyone on the temple mesa holds their breath as we wait. 
The first hint of an answer is when Skaline’s mouth begins to twitch. His eyes refocus, yet fill with tears. As his body seems to crumble in on itself, my heart breaks. I know what answer he received. It was my only hope, the one piece of comfort I could find in dying. I hoped my death would at least keep this from happening again, but now that has been taken away as well. 
“Arrabella, I’m so sorry, but nothing will end this curse.” He looks over me with tears falling from his eyes. I have never seen such agony bound up in one person. 
Kivera breaks down in sobs next to him. 
“I must perform the sacrifice,” Skaline says through his pain. “I’m so sorry.” 
Finally, I give in to the fear I have been trying so hard to hold back. My own tears flow freely down my cheeks. I glance over at my grandpa, expecting to see my own feelings mirrored in his eyes, but they are not. He watches Kivera, a strange pity flowing from him. 
“She is the wrong sacrifice,” my grandpa says, his voice calm. “She is not the one who can end this curse. If you truly wish to atone for your actions, you must prove it. Don’t let Arra die while you stand by and watch.” 
“Prove it? How, old one? What can I do?” she asks, her haggard face heaving with every sob. 
“Die,” my grandpa says quietly. I hear his words, but do not understand at first. Suddenly, hope springs in my heart. 
“What?” Kivera asks, choking back more wracking sobs. “What did you say?” 
Skaline is looking at my grandpa now. Hope tinges his dark eyes as well. Moving closer to Kivera, he pulls her up to a standing position. 
“That is the only way you can end this,” my grandpa states. He looks at Kivera and Skaline. It will take them both to make it work. How much shame do they really feel? Is it enough? I wonder. I hope it is. “You have to die willingly, Kivera, and you have to be the one to kill her, Skaline. You have to be willing to give up, now, what you couldn’t give up the first time you stood here.” 
Still bound to the altar, I struggle to face them directly. I watch as recognition flashes through their minds. It seems such a simple answer now that my grandpa has presented it to them. Have they really never considered the idea? I wonder. Or have there just not been enough deaths yet to convince them of the need to repent of their evil choices? Tears fall from their eyes. Skaline embraces his love. Kivera digs her head into his shoulder. 
“I know that what was done to you was a terrible thing, Kivera, but what you two have done cannot be excused either. No one blames you for wanting to be rescued from such an evil fate, but this,” he says gesturing around him, “cannot go on. It must stop now. Sacrificing yourselves for all the girls to come is the only way to stop the killing. Arrabella’s life is not what Tlaloc craves. Show Tlaloc you aren’t the selfish children you once were. Repent for the choice you made and pay the debt you owe. It’s the only way.” 
Sure that what he is saying is true, I close my eyes, pleading for them to accept. 
“I have never considered this before, but I believe he is right, Kivera. Perhaps Tlaloc will forgive us and remove the curse if we are willing to give each other up. I must perform the ceremony one last time,” he says gravely. 
“Will it really work?” Kivera asks. “Could we save her?” She glances at me, still prone on the altar, with hope in her eyes. “I cannot bear to watch her die.” Skaline nods, more sure of the proposal with every passing second. “What about the others? Would it be as if we had done it on that first day?” 
“No, Kivera. Our choice cannot be erased. What is done is already done. There is no saving those children, no saving our children. But we can save Arrabella. I am sure we can at least save her, and every child that might come after her. Think of those we will be forced to watch die in years to come if we do not do this. We can end this, now. The old man is right,” Skaline says, conviction tight in his voice. 
Solemnly, Kivera nods her consent. She releases herself from his iron grip. Pride for her decision to sacrifice her life for mine and all the others to come swirls with remorse for everything she has already lost. “Release the child,” Kivera orders, her voice firm and commanding. The guards jump to obey her. In seconds, I am free, as is my grandpa. 
He runs to me. Scooping me into his arms, he hugs me with every ounce of strength he possesses. “It’s alright, honey. You’re safe now. Are you okay?” 
“I’m okay now, Grandpa,” I say, trying to calm myself, worried about the blood matted in his hair. 
“I thought offering myself would work, but I think you’re right, I’m not the one Tlaloc wants.” I say. “I saw the pity for them in your eyes when Tlaloc refused me. You knew then what Tlaloc wanted, didn’t you?” 
My grandpa nods his head wearily. “I never thought I would pity either of them, but when I saw their faces, I felt nothing else. I knew they were being punished just as much as you.” 
A slight sound draws our attention back to our former captors. Standing next to the altar, Kivera’s body is perfectly still. A genuine smile graces her lips. Slowly, she lowers herself to the altars face. There are no cords this time. The guards stand aside, looking just as relieved that their endless task is nearing its end. A sense of calmness settles over Kivera as she lies on the altar. 
Knife in hand, Skaline slides into place at the head of the altar. His face is composed, but the horror of what he is about to do, kill his own wife for the sake of a young girl he doesn’t know, is plainly visible. The question in his eyes is answered by a stiff nod from Kivera as she gazes at the knife in his hand. Even though she isn’t technically alive, she will feel its bite. Whether she knows it is the right thing to do or not, she is terrified. 
Tears flow freely from both faces, but neither one will turn aside now, not with their only hope for peace being offered to them. The air wavers briefly. The centuries of pain and torture is lifted from their bodies, confirming Tlaloc’s acceptance of their offering. I gasp. The two stand transfixed, the exact images from my dream. Kivera’s timeless beauty is restored. Once again, Skaline is the strong young man he was before trading his soul away. 
“I love you,” Skaline whispers, before plunging his obsidian blade into her chest. 





Chapter Twenty-Eight

A sweet smelling breeze lifts my hair. The strange stillness of the temple mesa is gone. Leaves rustle once more. Birds sing. The ice cream truck finally drives by. 
The absolutely ordinary day surrounds me, and I revel in it. The grass under my fingers is soft and itchy. I don’t remember falling. Hands digging into the earth, my body heaves out gasping breaths. My head is swimming and I struggle to keep from tipping over. It is a wasted effort, though, because I find myself sprawled out on the grass a few seconds later with Tanner hovering over me. 
“Arra, what happened?” he asks, panting with anxiety. “You went so still. You didn’t look like you were even breathing, and then you just collapsed. Are you okay? Are you hurt?” His hands roam over my body checking for damage and tickling me enough to make me laugh and squirm. 
“Tanner. Tanner! I’m fine. It’s okay. We’re both fine, now,” I gasp. 
Tanner just stares at me, completely perplexed. His eyes cloud angrily. “Why are you laughing? I was scared to death. I thought you were dead when you fell. What happened?” 
“I’m sorry, Tanner.” I reach up and grab his face and pull it down to mine. Seeing the fear in his eyes brings everything back. I never thought I would see him again, and now that he is in my hands I don’t want to let him go. Pulling him to me, I lock him in a passionate kiss. His anger melts away with the stiffness in his body and his hand comes up to caress my face. 
“I really didn’t think they knew each other that well,” Father Margulies says. Tanner and I slowly move apart after hearing the chuckling voice, our faces deep shades of crimson. 
“Are you okay?” my grandpa asks with a weary laugh. His voice is tight, his throat raw and nearly hoarse, but a relieved smile plays on his face. 
Looking over at him, I smile. He looks worse than I feel. He pulls himself off the ground, using the bench arm rest for support, and slides onto the uncomfortable wooden slats. Reaching for me, his hand shakes slightly. I step away from Tanner and go to his side. 
“I’m okay, Grandpa,” I say. “I’m better than I expected to be at this point.” Taking his hand, I slide onto the bench beside him. Tanner and Father Margulies both wait for us to gather our thoughts. I am sure they both want explanations, but they look content to wait a little longer. 
“What made you think to suggest the Kivera had to be the sacrifice?” I ask. The relief and wonder I feel at how he rescued me wraps my arms around him. “I didn’t think anything would stop this from continuing after Tlaloc refused me.” 
“When I looked at them,” my grandpa says, “I realized that they were the ones being punished. When you offered up yourself to save the girls who would come after you, I knew you had the right idea, but it made sense that Tlaloc was trying to punish Kivera and Skaline for their choice. It was never about the girls’ lives. It was about making them pay for cheating him and being selfish. I wasn’t sure either of them would actually do what I suggested, but I hoped.” 
“If you could have seen her in my dream, the joy on Kivera's face when she was offered a way to save herself, you never would have believed she would offer herself to save me. I wouldn’t have,” I say. “I really thought giving up my own life was the only option.” 
“You are such an amazing young woman, Arra. To be honest, I don’t know if either of them would have been willing to give themselves up if you hadn’t made the offer first. I think they needed the example first, the glimpse at this curse ending, before they could see themselves doing the same thing,” my grandpa says, pride cracking his voice. 
“When Kivera, mentioned the other girls,” I say, “asking if they could be saved too, my heart leapt. I prayed for that brief second, that Katie and Maera would come back. I know it was a foolish thing to hope for, but it was hard not to.” 
He kisses the top of my head. “I was so afraid that I was going to be forced to watch you die.” He shakes his head, as if shedding years of pain and grief in the slight motion. “I’m just so glad to have you here now. Let’s have no more talk of the past. It has haunted our family long enough.” 
Both Tanner and Father Margulies still look slightly unsure of what actually happened, but neither of them says anything. I will explain to Tanner later, and I am sure Father Margulies will get the details from my grandpa sooner or later. But for now, neither of us wants to speak of it anymore. 
“What time is it?” I ask. The time spent atop the temple mesa seems to have lasted days, hours at least. With the exhaustion that has overwhelmed me, I wouldn’t be surprised if it really had been several days since the Aztec guard touched my hand. I shiver remembering that brief contact. 
“It’s twelve oh five,” my grandpa answers. “I don’t think any time passed at all while we were there.” Rubbing his eyes, he sighs deeply, expelling emotions that seem ready to overwhelm him. “I feel like I haven’t slept in days.” 
“Me too.” 
My grandpa runs his fingers through his hair and winces. His fingers come away bloody. 
“That isn’t going to be easy to explain,” Father Margulies says. 
“We’ll just tell your dad I tripped while we were hiking. Old fogies like me are always falling down,” he says, laughing for the first time in days. 
“Then he’ll want you to go in for a cat scan,” I warn him. 
“Why don’t you come inside and let me get you cleaned up,” Father Margulies says. “I’m sure Tanner can get Arra home okay.” 





Chapter Twenty-Nine

The low crackling of the bonfire is hardly the only noise on the beach, but it is the one I revel in. Yesterday, I thought the only fire I would ever see again was the one burning next to the Aztecan altar. The sounds of laughing and the sound of the waves breaking in the moonlight go unheard by my ears as I move closer to Tanner. He responds by wrapping me in his arms and pulling me into his lap. 
Looking up at him, I watch the flames of the fire reflected in his eyes dance merrily. His lips turn up into a smile before leaning down and pressing against mine. Unlike the kiss we shared before I was pulled away to the temple, this one holds no fear or desperation, only peace. Tanner pulls away sooner than I want him too, but the adoring smile he gives me makes up for that. 
“Are you warm enough?” he asks. 
After that kiss, I am plenty warm. “I’m fine.” 
His smile widens into a playful grin. “But you’re shaking.” 
Color floods my cheeks and I am glad for the darkness. “That has nothing to go with the temperature. Ever since yesterday, that seems to happen to me every time I get near you.” 
I expect more teasing, but Tanner’s face softens. “I’m glad you are near me,” he says. “I was so scared yesterday. It only lasted a second for me, but I was terrified of what you were going through.” 
I told him later last night the details of what happened on the temple mesa. Tanner stayed quiet the whole walk home from the church, which I appreciated. Dinner and a movie with my parents in honor of my birthday temporarily banished his questions and worry, but as soon as we were left alone in the living room he begged me to tell him everything. 
Telling him was the last thing I wanted to do, but the guilt in his eyes that he hadn’t been able to follow us convinced me in the end. He listened to every word, and even though he knew how it ended, his hands were clenched in fear the entire time. In the end, we held each other until we were both convinced that it was really over. We were on the couch for a long time. Maybe not long enough given the look on Tanner’s face. 
“It’s all over, Tanner. I promise,” I say. My fingers come up to his face and drift back into his hair, curling the short strands around my fingertips in an attempt to soothe him. 
“I know it’s over,” he says. “It’s just hard not to think about how close I came to losing you.” 
An owl hoots in the distance as it searches the woodland floor for little mice. The owls unnerved me the first few nights we were here, but now every sound of life I hear reminds me that I am still alive. So much has changed since moving to Grainer. 
“Do you want to know what I dreamed about last night?” I ask him. 
I can still see the fear in his eyes, but he attempts to hide it from me by pulling me against his chest. “What did you dream about last night?” 
Pulling in even closer, I say, “You.” 
“You dreamed about me?” 
“Uh huh.” 
“What happened?” Tanner asks, his body relaxing. 
My grin is thankfully hidden by the darkness, and my giggle swallowed up by the sounds of the fire and ocean. Or at least I thought they were. Tanner’s warm breath ripples across my neck as he leans closer to me. 
“What happened in this dream?” he asks again. 
“I’m not telling,” I say with another laugh. 
“That is not fair.” 
“Neither was showing up at my house with a bow as a birthday gift. My mom nearly had a heart attack when she saw it.” 
Tanner scoffs and pulls back in mock hurt. “How was I supposed to know you shooting with me was a big secret. You could have told me,” he argues. 
I kind of had a lot on my mind this past week. It’s a good argument, too, but I don’t use it. I’m done talking about what happened. Thankfully, Tanner picks up the sudden slack in the conversation. 
“But you have to admit, I did a pretty good job of convincing her archery was perfectly safe. She let you keep the bow, at least.” 
“No, you convinced my dad it was safe. My mom was still pretty upset about the whole thing. I think she might have tried to hide it last night if I hadn’t slept with it under my pillow,” I say. 
Tanner’s deep laugh breaks around me. “You slept with the bow under your pillow? Why?” 
“Because I know my mom all too well, and…” I stop myself, not meaning to add anything to that sentence. The and catches Tanner’s attention, though. His eyebrows rise expectantly and I know there is no chance of him letting me squirm out of this one. 
“Because I was a little scared of going to bed last night, and since I couldn’t have you with me again I had to settle for the bow.” 
I can’t believe I just admitted that to him. My embarrassment has me looking down at my toes squiggling around in the sand. Tanner’s hands pull me back up to meet his eyes. The soft, playful, sensuous glow in them freezes my breath. Slowly, his hands drop from my face and pull the sweatshirt he’s been wearing against the cool ocean breeze off of his body. 
In one smooth motion he pulls it down over my shoulders. Autopilot alone makes my arms work to push them through the sleeves. Tanner places his hands back on my face and says, “Since I’m guessing my chances of getting to sneak back into your room for the night are pretty slim …” 
He pauses and waits for my confirming, if not much too slow nod. My grandpa made it pretty clear to both of us he’d spill everything if he found out Tanner ever stayed over again. Whether my grandpa understands why I asked Tanner to stay or not, I am still his to protect. 
 “Well, now you have something else to keep you company if you need it,” Tanner says, slowly rubbing his hands up and down my now covered arms. 
A sweatshirt isn’t nearly as good as having Tanner, but it is a lot better than an uncomfortable bow. “Thanks, Tanner.” 
Back in his arms again, I close my eyes with no fear for the first time and what seems like years. I had planned very specifically to hate everything about Grainer. It really shouldn’t have taken a near death experience at the hands of ancient Aztec gods to realize how lucky I really am to be here. Somehow, I escaped my centuries old fate and landed the best boyfriend ever since moving here. Not bad for my first week as The New Doctor’s Kid. I just hope the next two years aren’t nearly as exciting. Boring and small sounded pretty perfect right now.

End of Book One


If you enjoyed this book, please consider leaving a review.


Stay up to date on DelSheree’s book news by signing up for her author newsletter at Newsletter: https://landing.mailerlite.com/webforms/landing/g9l7n4.



Keep Reading for a Sneak Peek of
Book Two of the Escaping Fate Series
Soul Stone



Chapter One

The rain pounds against the windowpane, distorting the image of a young woman. Raindrops sliding down the glass appear as tears running wildly down her cheeks. A hand presses against the window, the reflection following. Two young women, one flesh and blood, the other insubstantial bits of color, stare into the darkness with sad eyes. 
Behind the sadness, there is fear. There are secrets. 
The young woman’s head dips. Blond, wispy hair falls forward, clinging to damp cheeks. Tears not born of the rain slip down her pale face. There is a tremble running through her fingers as she peels her hand from the glass and moves toward a curious looking stone perched on the window sill. Her fingers hover over the stone, but do not touch. Her fingers clench, anger and frustration visible in her expression, yet the stone remains untouched. 
Once more, the young woman’s hand reaches up to the window, pressing against its reflection. The sad eyes stare at one another. The anguish that passes between them borders on desperation. But the secret stays buried as the young woman stands and turns from the window. As she walks away, the reflection’s haunted eyes never waver, watching the young woman’s retreating form until she is left alone. 

***

My eyes are sluggish to open. They can tell it isn’t bright enough to get up yet, no matter how loudly the alarm whines. I groan as I rolled over and tap my cell phone to get rid of the obnoxious noise. The temptation to roll back over and bury myself in my blankets pricks at my tired mind. 
I went to bed unnecessarily early last night at my mom’s insistence, but I still feel exhausted. Images of rain and strange reflections dance around in my head, pinpointing the source of my grumpiness. Ever since the summer when a series of terrifying dreams brought to light the gruesome truth of my family’s history, I have despised dreaming. No matter what the focus of the dreams, I have tried everything I can to escape them. A valiant effort, to be sure, but a pointless one. Banishing my ability to dream has proved impossible. 
As I drag myself out of bed, I wonder about the bizarre dream of the girl at the window. Or was it two girls? I’m really not sure. It made no sense, and all it seemed to accomplish was ruining my sleep and putting me in a bad mood for my first day of school in Grainer. I was perfectly excited last night. 
“Arra,” my mom calls through my door, “are you up?” 
“Yes, Mom,” I call back, my voice filled with irritation. 
“I’ll have breakfast in twenty minutes, so be quick.” 
I roll my eyes instead of answering and trudge to the little bathroom attached to my bedroom. As I go through the motions of showering and getting dressed, I try to recapture my good mood from last night. 
It isn’t nerves that have me anxious. Sure, it’s a new school, but I have already been here all summer and know everyone in the junior class. A small town like Grainer makes that fairly easy. I met everyone at the summer bonfire on the beach the first week I was here. Thinking of the bonfire does lift my mood out of the mud just a little. That was one event I never thought I would survive to attend, thanks to my impending death at the hands of an ancient Aztec god. 
I am putting on the last of my makeup when my cell phone starts singing. I recognize the ringtone meant for Tanner and hurry over to pick it up. I smile when I see Tanner’s grin staring back at me. 
“Hey, Tanner. What’s going on?” 
I’m really hoping that he isn’t cancelling his offer to walk me to school. I have no fear of getting lost—Grainer isn’t that big—but I feel better about walking onto the new campus with him there to back me up, just in case. There have been no strange or unusual occurrences since my birthday, but that edgy, get under your skin feeling has been plaguing me since I woke up. 
“Just making sure you were up and ready to go. I know you used to start school a lot later in Manhattan, so I just wanted to be sure you weren’t still asleep,” Tanner says mockingly. 
I was a few minutes late to our archery practice session last week. Okay, half an hour late. It was an accident, though. It’s hard to pay attention to the time when I start listening to my grandpa’s stories. I have the feeling Tanner isn’t going to stop teasing me about it any time soon. 
“Ha, ha. I am perfectly capable of waking up on time without your help.” 
 “Hmm,” Tanner said, “that’s too bad. I was half tempted to sneak through your window last night just to make sure you got up on time this morning.” 
That thought banishes every sour emotion from my mind. “Tanner, don’t joke about that,” I beg. “It’s too tempting to take you up on an offer like that.” 
And I mean it. 
The first week I was here, when I was struggling to figure out how to break the curse on my family in time to save my life, I was so terrified of going to sleep the night before my birthday that I asked Tanner to stay with me. Even as overwhelmed as I was by everything, lying in Tanner’s arms was a haven of safety and calm. I’ve never felt anything like that before. 
“Arra,” Tanner says softly. The ache in his voice cuts right to my heart. He doesn’t continue, but I know what he’s thinking because I’m thinking it too. 
“Are you still coming to pick me up?” I ask quietly. 
“Of course I am.” 
Attempting to distract myself from thoughts of being anywhere near a bed with Tanner, I say, “I you hurry, my mom is making breakfast. Probably strawberry covered pancakes. You know she’ll make twice as many as we need.” 
Tanner laughs, knowing that my mom still cooks every meal as if my older brother David were still here with his bottomless stomach instead of away at college. “I’ll be over in five.” 
We end the call after a quick goodbye and I hurry to finish getting ready. I am closing my bedroom door when a knock sounds on the front door. I call out that I will get it and open the door happily a few seconds later. I don’t even have time to say hello before Tanner pulls me into his arms and greets me with a kiss that continues his unsaid thoughts from earlier. 
I’m not prepared when Tanner pulls back unexpectedly, and I reach up to bring him back. Tanner’s quick step back almost makes me lose my balance. I can’t understand why he would break off so fast until he speaks. 
“Good morning, Mr. Malo,” Tanner says politely. 
My eyes widen in embarrassment as I turn around to find my dad staring at us with his arms folded across his chest. He does not look pleased. It isn’t hard to read the words behind his expression. We will be having a chat when he gets home from work tonight. My shoulders droop, knowing I am going to be in trouble. Although, not half as much trouble as I would be if he knew Tanner had once slept over. It wouldn’t matter in the least that nothing more than a kiss had happened because I was too scared to even think about taking things further. I would be grounded for life, and Tanner…I don’t like to think about what would happen to Tanner. 
Thankfully, my mom bustles out from the kitchen right about then. “Tanner!” she says happily. “Are you hungry? You’re welcome to stay for breakfast. We have plenty of pancakes.” 
Even after being caught by my dad, Tanner and I both try and fail to suppress a laugh. Dad’s frown deepens even more, probably thinking we are laughing about being caught. I decide to bail as fast as I can before I get myself into any more trouble. I grab Tanner’s hand and drag him toward the kitchen, mumbling a hasty “good morning” to my dad on the way. 
Mom seems a little confused by Dad’s hostility toward Tanner through breakfast, but no one bothers to explain. Tanner and I both eat rather quickly and make an exit before my dad decides to break his silence. 
When we are finally outside and headed for the school, I turn a not-so-fierce glare on Tanner. “I am in big trouble because of you.” 
“Me?” Tanner says innocently. Then his lips turned up in a devilish smile. “I wasn’t the only one doing the kissing back there. I don’t think I imagined you kissing me back.” 
“No,” I say as I edge closer to him, “you didn’t.” 
This time I am the one pulling him to me. My lips touch his softly, just brushing his lower lip. I feel his shoulders tense as he tries to stop himself from grabbing me. I kiss him again, this time pulling him closer to meet my lips fully. Tanner’s hands slide down to my hips. His grip makes it clear that he wants to take the lead, but he forces himself to hold back. Lifting up on my tiptoes, I finally give him what he wants, crushing myself against him and deepening the kiss to where we left off before breakfast. 
Dropping back to my heels a few minutes later in order to break the kiss, it takes me a moment to regain my breath and remember how to speak again. “From now on,” I say rather breathlessly, “no more kissing me at the door.” 
Tanner’s breath brushes against my ear as he exhales. “I’m sorry I kissed you in front of your dad like that.” 
“Don’t be sorry,” I say. I’m certainly not. 
“I’ll just make sure not to do it in front of your dad anymore, okay?” Tanner pulls back and looks down at me worriedly. “Is he really that mad?” 
“Did you see his face?” 
Tanner grimaces. I try to soften my words by reaching up and looping my hands behind his neck. “Just give him a few days to cool off, okay? I’ll talk to him tonight, but it might be best if you meet me at the corner for a while.” 
“You mean, no more pancakes?” Tanner pouts. 
I roll my eyes and start pulling him down the street. “Let’s not make things worse by being late for school.” 
“Fine, fine.” 
We only make it one more block before Tanner asks, “Hey, was everything okay when I called this morning? You didn’t sound like yourself.” 
I look over at him, surprised he could tell just from my voice that I’d had a rough night. Pulling a little closer to him, I lean my head against his shoulder. “It was just this weird dream. You know how much I dislike dreaming these days. This one was more bizarre than usual and I didn’t sleep well.” 
Tanner looks over at me with concern. I can feel his arm tightening protectively around me. He’s very sweet, but I know he’s overreacting. 
“It was just a dream,” I say, “no big deal.” 
Tanner doesn’t look convinced. “What was it about?” 
The desire to blow off his question and not talk about the dream is very tempting. In reality, it was strange, and talking about it might help me get it out of my mind. 
“There was this girl sitting at a window, looking at her reflection. It was raining and the reflection looked like it was crying. The girl seemed pretty upset, though, and she started crying, too.” I stop, attempting to shake off the strangeness of the dream. Failing, I continue. “The weird thing was, the girl put her hand up to the window like she was trying to touch the reflection. Then she held her hand over this odd looking rock. She didn’t touch it, just held her hand over it. When she turned away from the window, the reflection didn’t move. It just kept watching her walk away.” 
Tanner’s brow knits together as he considers what I’ve told him. He seems to be trying to puzzle it out, but he just shakes his head after a while. “That is pretty weird. I wonder what it meant.” 
“Why does it have to mean anything?” The last thing I want is another dream with a hidden agenda. 
“I didn’t mean it like that,” Tanner says, “I just meant that I wondered what brought it on.” 
“Well, at least she didn’t look like me.” That was actually a huge relief. The dreams from the summer all featured a young woman who looked almost identical to me. 
Tanner laughs. “No kidding. What did she look like?” 
“Blonde hair, green eyes, pale skin, beautiful. Pretty much the exact opposite of me,” I assure him. 
“Except the beautiful part,” Tanner says before stealing another kiss. 
I smile as we finally cross onto the high school campus. Actually, it’s the junior high and high school campus, since there are so few students here, but no one seems to mind. I see brand new little sixth graders talking with seniors. Everyone seems to be mingling regardless of age. The sight makes me wonder where Tanner’s little sister is. He mentioned she had to be at school earlier for some student council meeting, but I thought she’d be done by now. As I scan through the milling students, my eyes catch on an unfamiliar girl standing alone. 
About to ask Tanner who she is, my whole body dives into panic mode the second she turns toward me. I can’t move. I can barely breathe. My eyes refuse to blink, yet my fingers are strangling Tanner’s. I can feel my head getting lighter, about to check out entirely. 
Suddenly, Tanner is right in front of me with a completely freaked out expression on his face. “Arra, what’s wrong? Are you okay? Why aren’t you blinking?” 
“I…it’s …” My throat seizes up. I know I am seconds away from passing out. 
“Arra, breathe,” Tanner commands. “You’re really freaking me out, and your dad is never going to let me see you again if I have to tell him you passed out at school. He’ll be convinced it was my fault. Breathe, please breathe, Arra.” 
The possibility of being kept away from Tanner is just barely enough to override my panic. My lungs finally suck in a huge breath of air. My head still feels woozy, but Tanner’s eyes begin to lose their sheen of panic. He pulls me against his chest and holds me until my breathing finally returns to semi-normal. 
When it does, he pushes me back and stares at me. “What just happened? Do I need to call your dad?” 
I shake my head violently. 
“Then what happened?” he demands. 
“It’s her,” I squeak, the shock stealing my voice. 
“What?” 
With trembling hands, I turn Tanner toward the lonely girl. He watches her for a moment before turning back to me with a shrug. “It’s her!” I say again. “The girl from my dream!” 





Also by DelSheree Gladden


The Handbook Series
The Crazy Girl’s Handbook
The Oblivious Girl’s Handbook

Eliza Carlisle Mystery Series
Trouble Magnet
The Catalyst
Firebrand
Instigator
Incendiary

The Arcane Wielder Series
Life & Being

The Ghost Host Series
The Ghost Host: Episode 1
The Ghost Host: Episode 2

Escaping Fate Series
Escaping Fate
Soul Stone
Oracle Lost
(Coming Soon)

Twin Souls Saga
Twin Souls
Shaxoa’s Gift
Qaletaqa

The Destroyer Trilogy
Inquest
Secret of Betrayal
Darkening Chaos

Someone Wicked This Way Comes Series
Wicked Hunger
Wicked Power
Wicked Glory
Wicked Revenge

The Aerling Series
Invisible
Intangible
Invincible

The Date Shark Series
Date Shark
Shark Out Of Water
The Only Shark In The Sea
Shark In Troubled Waters
Repelling the Shark

What Had to be Done

Torino Dreams

Memory’s Edge Duo
Memory’s Edge: Part 1
 Memory’s Edge: Part 2

 
 
 


About the Author

DelSheree Gladden was one of those shy, quiet kids who spent more time reading than talking. Literally. She didn't speak a single word for the first three months of preschool. Her fascination with reading led to many hours spent in the library and bookstores, and eventually to writing. She wrote her first novel when she was sixteen years old, but spent ten years rewriting it before having it published.
Native to New Mexico, DelSheree and her family spent several years in Colorado for college and work before moving back home to be near family. When not writing novels, you can find DelSheree reading, painting, sewing and working with other authors. 
DelSheree has several bestselling young adult series and has hit the USA Today Bestseller list twice as part of box sets. DelSheree also has contemporary romance, cozy mystery, and paranormal new adult series. Her writing is as varied as her reading interests.




Connect with DelSheree Gladden Online


Newsletter: https://landing.mailerlite.com/webforms/landing/g9l7n4



http://www.delshereegladden.com/ 
https://www.facebook.com/AuthorDelShereeGladden 
https://twitter.com/DelSheree
https://www.instagram.com/authordelshereegladden/
http://www.pinterest.com/delsheree/ 
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvhRQvJy3KJhllsepnX6ogQ/videos 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/delshereegladden 
http://authorlifepodcast.libsyn.com/website 

