Chapter 1
“Isabel!… Isabel! Get in here right now and start weaving these blankets!” 
I heard my mother, but I wasn’t in the mood. I had other things to worry about. The world around me was crumbling. Things were chaotic in my small town. Neighbor against neighbor, brother against sister, nobody trusted each other. Accusations were flying everywhere and nobody was safe. But even if the world around me was crumbling, I could always count on my family to provide the stability I craved. Or so I thought. 
I did have one person I could always count on. My best friend Sarah. Sarah and I had been best friends since we were little kids. I remember when my family and I first moved into town. I was seven years old and in a strange new place. I didn’t have any friends and didn’t know anybody. My parents were eager to find a church to join. There were only two churches in the town and my family chose the New Primitive Methodist Church. That first Sunday at the church, my parents walked me to my Sunday school class. I didn’t want to go. What would they think of me, I thought? What if they didn’t like me? What if they laughed at me? What if, what if, what if. I remember telling my mother that I absolutely didn’t want to go to that Sunday school class. I was stubborn that way. She literally had to drag me kicking and screaming into that class. After entering the room, a stern looking woman came up to me and introduced herself. She kneeled down. 
“Hello Isabel. My name is Ms. Patterson. How are you this morning?” 
I didn’t answer. I was in no mood to be there and this woman wasn’t going to make it any better. 
Ms. Patterson was an older woman of 52 years. Her hair was naturally curly and shiny gray. Ms. Patterson never married and never had children of her own. It was a source of much gossip around town. You see, it just wasn’t normal for a woman of 52 to never marry and have children. At least that’s what everybody said. Me? I never gave it a second thought. In fact, I admired her for it. Why should she be like every other woman, I thought? In fact, I thought it made her unique. 
After much pouting, I finally resigned myself to the fact that I was stuck in this unfamiliar room with twelve other kids. It didn’t mean I had to do anything though. As Ms. Patterson led us in song, I sat there with my arms crossed and stared at the floor. I wasn’t going to sit there and sing stupid songs. Besides, I couldn’t sing very well anyways. After singing was done, Ms. Patterson split us up into groups of three. I was placed into a group with two other girls.
“Hi, my name is Abigail Stanton,” she said. “What’s yours?”
“I’m Isabel.”
“That’s a pretty name,” she said.
“Well yours isn’t.”
The other girl in our group started laughing loudly. Abigail’s face started turning red and she had a stern look on her face.
“I’m just kidding,” I said.
It didn’t seem to work. She didn’t speak to us the rest of class.
“Watch this guys!,” said the other girl.
She found a small pebble on the wooden floor we were sitting on and threw it at a girl in another group. We started laughing hysterically. Everybody except Abigail, that is. As we laughed uncontrollably, I heard footsteps coming up behind us. They stopped. I turned around and saw Ms. Patterson standing behind me with a stern look on her face.
“What are you two doing over here?,” she said.
We tried to look concerned, but it was no use. We put our hands over our mouths so as not to show the smiles on our faces. It didn’t work.
“I’ve never seen such behavior from two young ladies who should know better! Both of you go sit over there in the corner and face the wall. If I hear another word out of either of you, I will bring out the paddle. Is this understood?”
“Yes mam.”
“I can’t believe you did that. That was so funny!,” I said.
“That’s nothing. One time, I threw a pebble at a girl at school and it landed in her mouth,” she said. “My name’s Sarah. Sarah Gregory. What’s yours?”
“My name is Isabel. Isabel Lee.”
Sarah was seven years old, just like me. She had dark brown hair, hazel eyes and a few freckles scattered around her face. Sarah was feisty, a jokester and wasn’t afraid to say exactly what was on her mind. This got her in trouble more than a few times. But she didn’t seem to care. This was the way she was and if anybody didn’t like it, so be it.
Sarah was born and raised in this town. She had two older brothers and her father worked as a blacksmith in town. Her mother and father ran a very strict household and didn’t let Sarah do very much. I always figured that was why she was the class clown in Sunday school. It was the only time where her parents weren’t there to watch over her. She actually had some freedom and she could be herself.
It was a lot different than what I was used to. Whereas Sarah had very strict parents who controlled every aspect of her life, sometimes I wondered if my mother and father knew if I even existed. Being the youngest of six kids, I was given very little attention by my mother and father.
One hot, sunny late afternoon, I decided to go for a walk after getting in a tussle with my sister. I didn’t tell my mother and father where I was going because they wouldn’t have cared anyways. I walked throughout the town, but that day, I decided to take a different route back home. It wasn’t very smart of me because I ended up getting lost on my way back. I somehow ended up outside of town and the houses were starting to become few and far between. It started to get dark, but I wasn’t worried. I figured there would be a group of townspeople, with mother and father leading the way, out there looking for me and they would soon be there at any moment. Who was I kidding?
I eventually found my way back home. Well after dark, that is. I walked in to the house and collapsed on the floor. My feet felt like they were on fire. I had blisters on my toes. I was exhausted from my long journey and I slept on the floor, at the exact spot where I collapsed from exhaustion. There was no worried mother or father waiting happily at the door for me as I walked in the house. There were no brothers or sisters giving their seven year old sister hugs, telling her how worried they were. There was nothing of this sort. Instead, there was the dead silence of everybody sleeping. In some ways, I wished I hadn’t even come home that night.
I think this is why Sarah and I developed an instant bond with each other. She could break out of her shell and be herself around me with no one judging her. I, on the other hand, loved the attention. To have somebody to talk with and joke around with more than made up for the lack of attention I got at home. When I was lonely and in a strange new town, she was the only one who made me feel welcome in that first Sunday school class. We were also feisty, stubborn and very opinionated. This didn’t sit well with people. In our town, little girls were supposed to be silent, polite and obedient. We were supposed to learn from our mothers so that one day, we ourselves could become good mothers and wives to our children and husbands. We were supposed to learn how to cook, sew, weave, churn the butter and wash clothes. But Sarah and I were different. We’d go out catching frogs, swimming in the creek and playing hide and go seek. We’d come home so dirty that it looked like somebody rolled us around in mud a few times. We both had scars all over our legs and arms from all the scrapes and bruises. We called them our beauty marks. They were ugly to others, but to us, they were beautiful. They were symbols of all the fun times we had together.

Chapter 2
Clunk! Clunk! Clunk! The sound of our horses’ hooves pounding the ground was all I heard those last few days of travel. I would count along with the “clunk” sounds in order to take my mind off of how tired I was. We had walked for three months now in our journey to move to a new town. My little legs just couldn’t take much more.
“Children, I want you to look out afar, to your left. That’s our new home,” my Father said.
Tears started rolling down my Mothers’ cheeks. I ran up ahead of everybody else to get a peek. I saw small flickers of orange reflections from the fires roaring in the homes of the townsfolk. The moon reflecting off of the vast open water of the ocean. The waves crashing against the rocky shore line. This was the town of Salem. Our new home. We had made it.
Salem, Massachusetts was a lovely little place. There were about 600 people there, most of them nice. A few, not. There were a variety of different houses in my town. Some were small, some were big, and some were just huge. The folks who lived in the huge houses were the “do gooders.” That’s what we called them anyways. They always liked to boss the townspeople around and create all kinds of stupid rules. Mother said they were the town aldermen and we should treat them with respect. I’d stick out my tongue at them instead.
When we arrived in Salem, my father and brothers immediately started building our house. They used the strongest trees around. It wasn’t huge or anything, but it was good enough for us. Mother and Father slept on the first floor, while we kids had our room on the second floor. My two sisters and I shared a bed, while my three brothers all slept in another bed.
Soon after we moved to Salem, my father found a job as a leather smith. He could take any old piece of leather and make anything out of it. He was very gifted that way. While my father worked a lot those first few weeks after moving to Salem, my mother got the house in order. After coming home from school, my sisters and I would help her. There wasn’t much fun to be had. We were all working hard to get our house in order.
The first year in Salem was very hard on us. It was a very harsh winter and we weren’t used to it. We came from the South where the weather was warmer in the winter. The cold and snow took some getting used to. It must have been even too cold for the animals to roam because my father and brothers had a heck of a time finding any animals to kill for our meat. Sometimes we went days without any meat. Good thing Mother had plenty of cornmeal because we used a lot of it that winter. Father had scrounged up enough money to buy two goats, a sheep and a cow but only the sheep survived the harsh winter.
After that first year, things got better though. We started to get used to the weather of New England. Father and my brothers learned some tricks from the other townsmen on hunting for food in those harsh New England winters. They also built a small barn to keep our animals warm during the winter. My mother and my sisters and I learned some things too. We learned that we would have to weave our clothing a lot thicker than we did in the South!

Chapter 3
“Wake up, wake up!”
I hear him, but I don’t budge. He shakes my shoulders.
“I hear you. I’ll get up in a minute,” I said.
“Okay, but if you get in trouble, don’t blame it on me!”
Older brothers are so annoying. But he’s right. I had to get up. It’s the first day of school and I can’t be late. I’m fifteen now and this is my first day of ninth grade. I’m in big girl school now!
I stumble out of bed, throw on my clothes and rush out the door, the crisp autumn air chilling my skin. As I start my journey to school, I admire the wonderful trees surrounding me, their leaves a bright orange, brown and yellow. I smell the smoke coming out of the cabins as families try to keep their surroundings warm and toasty on these chilly fall days.
I see Sarah’s house in the horizon. As I squint looking into the bright morning sun, I see a small figure heading away from her house.
“Sarah, wait up!,” I said.
I start running so I can catch up with her. Breathing hard, I finally get there.
“You didn’t have to run. I would’ve waited. Besides, I’m in no hurry to get to school.”
“Aren’t you excited about starting ninth grade, though?”
Dumb question, I know. Sarah likes school about as much as she likes influenza. 	“It’s school,” she said. “It doesn’t matter if it’s first grade, twelfth grade or ninth grade. We still have to do boring work. We still have to listen to some boring old lady stand up there and tell us things that I don’t care about. I know you’re not excited about it, right Isabel?”
“Umm…well… no.”
I lied. I don’t like school in the least, but it’s kind of exciting starting upper school. I couldn’t tell Sarah that though. She would look at me like I had a third eye!
Sarah and I keep walking, chatting about what our first day will be like.
“Let’s stop to get something to drink,” she said.
As we approach the creek, there’s a boy standing by on the edge skipping rocks across the water.
“You better watch it. There’s snakes in there. I just saw three and they were big!,” he said.
“Snakes? I’m not scared of snakes!,” Sarah said.
“Thanks for the heads up,” I said.
The boy sticks his dirty right hand out. I stick mine out.
“My name’s Mathew. What’s yours?”
“Isabel.”
He looks over at Sarah.
“And yours?”
Sarah gives him an icy cold glare and resumes scooping up the clear creek water into her hands to drink.
“I hope I didn’t scare you. I was just warning you about the snakes.”
Sarah turns back around, water dripping from the side of her mouth from where she just drunk a big scoop of water.
“We’re just getting a drink of water and going to school. We didn’t come here to talk and we don’t care about snakes. Besides, shouldn’t you be going to school too?,” she said.
“Yep. I just thought I’d have a little fun before I have to sit in boring old school all day. You care if I walk with you guys?”
Sarah starts walking away.
“I don’t care,” I said.
We make our way towards school, Sarah walking ahead of us the whole time. She didn’t like the company of a third person with us. She didn’t say it, but I could tell. I enjoyed having somebody else to talk to though. I liked meeting new people and Mathew seemed like a nice kid. He was fifteen just like us. He was skinny and tall with dark brown hair and a few freckles on his nose. He was a typical boy. He liked to play in the woods, fish in the creek, swim in the ocean and catch snakes, frogs and salamanders. Of course, being a boy, he also liked to chase girls too. I’m sure that’s why he wanted to hang around Sarah and me.
“How long you lived in Salem?,” he said.
“Since I was seven. I hated it when I moved here. It was cold, ugly and I didn’t like anybody. But I got used to it. How long you been here?”
“We just moved here a month ago. It’s different. I never saw the ocean until I came here.”
“Where’d you move from?,” I said.
“The South. Georgia, to be exact.”
“Wow! That’s where we moved from too,” I said.
Maybe he just wanted a friend. He did just move here, so I’m sure he’s lonely. Besides, if he knew what was good for him, he would know not to look at Sarah and I as more than just friends. We’re not your typical girls you know.
Sarah was already sitting at her desk as Mathew and I walked into the schoolhouse. Mrs. Attley already had the fire going and the stick in her hand. I could tell she was ready to go. Her emotionless eyes followed us as Mathew and I walked to our desks to sit.
“Ms. Isabel Lee, you are five minutes late. Do you have an explanation for this?,” she said.
“If I did, I wouldn’t be late now, would I?”
The pain shot right up to my shoulder. I peaked to the side of me and saw Mathew with a look of shock on his face. Mrs. Attley headed towards him, but let him off the hook. He was the new kid after all.

Chapter 4
The first day of school was over and boy was I happy. I didn’t think it would ever end. I just don’t understand why I have to go to school. It doesn’t apply to me and it never will. I am my own person and I want to do my own thing. That’s not a popular thing to say in Salem. But I’m not like every other girl and I don’t want to be like every other girl. All the other girls just want to get married and have kids by the time they are sixteen. I, on the other hand, want to discover new territory, help my village grow, maybe even go back down South. Why can’t I become one of those explorers I hear about who discovered this land? Why can’t I captain a ship across the wide blue yonder, feverishly looking for new land to settle? Why is it only the men who are allowed to do this? I ponder these questions while walking out of the schoolhouse when I am startled by someone lightly yanking on my ponytail.
“Did I scare you?”
“I knew it was you Sarah.”
“Where’s your boyfriend at?”
“He’s not my boyfriend!,” I said.
“I’m just kidding Izzy. Is he nice?”
“Seems to be. Don’t know him that well.”
“Well, I don’t hang out with boys. They’re nothing but trouble and I have no use for them.”
“Neither do I,” I said.
Sometimes I feel like an anomaly in my village, being that I’m not like all the other girls. I hear the whispers and gossip as I traverse around town. “That girl’s nothing but trouble,” they said. “There’s something wrong with that girl,” others said. They say the same things about Sarah too. It doesn’t seem to bother her though. If she overhears someone say something bad about her, she’ll look right at them and make a funny face. You should see their reactions! I wish I could feel the same way, but I don’t. It hurts me when I see people stare at me and say terrible things about me. It hurts when I go to school and get teased by other students. I put on a strong face and I fight right back. But deep down inside, it affects me. I can’t talk to my Mother and Father about it because even they think I should act more like a girl. They say I have a mouth on me that a girl shouldn’t have. So I should just let people talk bad about me without saying anything back? I can’t defend myself? That doesn’t make any sense. They say I’m too independent and that I shouldn’t act like I can do everything myself. But if I can do things myself, why shouldn’t I? Why should I bother asking other people to do things for me when I am perfectly capable of doing them myself? Other people have things to do too. They don’t want to be bothered with having to help me. Besides, how will I survive as a grown up if I can’t do the things that a grown up does?
“Look at the waves out there Izzy!,” she said.
I could see the imposing dark clouds out at sea. They were moving towards Salem faster than a cat chasing a mouse. The dark clouds only meant one thing: There were storms heading this way. What started out as a bright autumn day was making way for a gloomy, violent evening ahead. The wind started to pick up the closer the dark clouds got to Salem. The ocean waves got bigger and more violent. They roared like a lion as they hit land.
I followed Sarah down to the ocean as she fluttered along the shoreline taking in the scenery.
“Isn’t this wonderful Isabel?,” she said.
“Yea, I guess.”
Sarah has always loved the ocean and today was no different. When I first moved to Salem, it was Sarah who first introduced me to the “forbidden monster”, as the adults like to call it. I had never seen an ocean in my life before then. I didn’t even know what “ocean” meant. That day many years ago, when Sarah grabbed my hand and lead me down to the ocean was the day that I became fascinated by the endless landscape of water that we call the ocean. I have been fascinated by it ever since. The adults called it the “forbidden monster” to scare us kids away from going down there. Being seven years old at the time, I didn’t understand why they called it such a hideous name. To me, it was mysterious, gorgeous and absolutely fascinating. I now know why. For all of its beauty and mystery, the ocean was to be feared and respected. Its beauty and alluring nature could easily suck you in, never to be seen again.
Sarah took her shoes off, lifted up the bottom of her dress and started walking into the shallow water.
“Sarah, what are you doing?,” I said.
She starts giggling and splashing the water with her bare feet.
“The water’s so cold! Come on Izzy! Let’s climb that rock out there!”
“Are you crazy? You’ll get hypothermia out there! Besides that, those waves are dangerous today. Don’t do it!”
About ten feet out in the water is a big rock boulder that is taller than Sarah and I combined. The huge waves that day were pounding away at the big rock. Sarah ignored my pleas to stop.
“Sarah, don’t do this! Let’s wait another day when the water’s calmer? I promise I’ll climb it then.”
Nothing. She struggled up the side of the rock, her dress blowing in the wind. Her hair, tied back into a bun just seconds earlier, was now whipping away in the wind. She gingerly took one step at a time, as she got closer and closer to the top of the rock. Sarah’s stubbornness and fierce independence had gotten the best of her that day. There was no stopping her now. As she reached the top of the rock, still down on her hands and knees, she slowly stood up and threw her arms in the air.
“I did it Izzy!”
I can barely hear what she’s saying with the wind blowing fiercely and the waves crashing violently against the sand. I crack a nervous smile back at her. I cup my hands around my mouth.
“Sarah, I’m going home. Mother’s probably worried sick about me.”
“Izzy, you’re a worry wart! Stop being scared and come out with me. I can see the whole world up here!”
“I can’t. I’ve got to get home. I promise I’ll go out next time. Now come on! Let’s go home!”
“You swear you’ll climb the rock with me next time Izzy?”
I put my hand over my chest.
“I solemnly swear!”
“Okay, well, I won’t forget!”
I knew she wouldn’t and I didn’t care. If that’s what it took to get her off that darn rock and out of danger, so be it. She twirled around a few times more with a smile as wide as the ocean on her face. I swear she just did it to get under my skin.
She finally started kneeling down onto her hands and knees. I stood there staring out at her for what seemed like eternity. She scooted to the edge of the rock and dangled one leg over the edge of the rock. She found a suitable spot to put her first foot down and then proceeded to start her first step down the rock. She then put her second foot down. A feeling of relief swept over me as my best friend was finally making her way back to safety.
As I watched her gingerly make her way back down the rock, my eyes were suddenly turned away from her by the sight of a massive dark wall of water on the horizon, speeding its way towards the rock. It was the biggest, most intimidating wave I had ever seen. It was so big, it looked like it could swallow the whole town of Salem in one bite. My heart started pounding so fast, I thought it was going to jump out of my chest. Sarah wasn’t even halfway down the rock.
“Sarah, there‘s a huge wave out there! You need to come down quick!”
She just stared at me like I was a fool or something. 	It seemed like forever, but it was only a split second. As I looked out there, the rock disappeared. As quick as it disappeared, it reappeared again. I stood there and stared at the rock. I didn’t move. I couldn’t move. The wind blew tears away from my face. I finally found the strength to put one leg forward. And the other. As the salty ocean water drowned my feet, I didn’t even flinch at the chill of it. I took one step at a time. I was blinded to the big rock I was fast approaching. I waded right past the rock. The water was now up to my knees. I took one final big step and the bottom went out from under me. As the water rose over my head, I looked down to see the ocean floor nearing closer to meet my feet. As I quickly sank to the ocean’s bottom, I felt a calmness rush over me. I would see her again. My best friend. Just a few more seconds.
Then it hit me. I started feeling lightheaded. I struggled for breath. I snapped back to reality and realized what was happening. I wailed my arms and kicked my feet as fast as I could. I looked up and could see the light hitting the ocean surface. I knew I was close, but my strength was diminishing quickly. I gathered up one final ounce of strength and kicked and wailed as hard as I could. My head shot above the ocean surface. I took a huge gasp of air. I started breathing frantically, trying to get my breath back. I started swimming frantically toward the shore until I finally stepped down and could feel the sand beneath my feet. Small sea shells pierced the bottom of my feet. I took one small step after another, the water getting shallower the more steps I took. I stumbled and fell into the water. I was too weak to get back up. I crawled my way out of the water and onto the sand. I lay down on the sand. I laid there for hours.
As the sun started setting over the ocean, a smile broke out on my face. It was Sarah. She was telling me that the rock was above water, not under it. She said she would teach me how to swim one of these days, because flailing my arms like a maniac was not the proper way. She said she was disappointed in me. She thought I was stronger than that. But she said she forgave me and said not to do it again. She was happy where she was now. She said she was climbing a rock, that great rock in the sky. And that the view was gorgeous. She said I wouldn’t like it though. She said if I was too chicken to climb it down there, I definitely wouldn’t want to climb it up here!
I propped myself up and brushed the sand off of my backside. It was dark now. The moon tried its hardest to peer through the clouds. I guess it finally had enough of them. Because it pushed those clouds away, if only for a brief second, to proudly display its bright shine. I imagined it was Sarah who shoved those clouds away. She probably told those clouds if they knew what was good for them, they would get the heck out of the way so her friend had some light to see to walk home. And to keep an eye on me of course! I knew then that, although she would never be close by, she was never that far away.

Chapter 5
The gravestone stood tall in a lonely corner of the small cemetery. Twenty people gathered around, all dressed in their somber black clothes. Her mother dropped to her knees in agony, while her father struggled to give her the comfort she so desperately needed. Her two brothers stood there silently with a stoic look on their faces.
The Reverend, dressed in his long black robe, stepped forward. Her mother regained her composure for the moment. The group went silent as the Reverend recited the Lord‘s prayer. “Our Father, Hallowed Be Thy Name…”  He continued by celebrating her life and all of the people she touched in life.
“She was your friend the second she met you,” he said. “She was brave, fiercely independent and she was not afraid to tell you how she really felt.”
Chuckles resonated from the group. There was so much more to her than what he mentioned. But I wasn’t going to say anything. I knew what those things were. That’s all that mattered.
I was last in line as her family, friends and even some strangers walked past her gravestone to say their final goodbyes. The wails of her mother echoed for miles as she hugged her gravestone one final time. I could only imagine what her family was going through. Her gravestone was there. But she was not.
As the group worked their way out of the cemetery, I stood in front of her gravestone. Tears started streaming down my cheeks as I got on my knees and kissed her grave.
Sarah Anne Gregory
Born April 5, 1676
Departed this life on September 4, 1691
Aged 15 years, 152 days
I continued to struggle days, even months after her death. Sometimes I blamed myself. If only I had warned her earlier. If only I had gone out there and dragged her off of that rock myself. People told me it was in no way my fault. That she shouldn’t have even been near that ocean in the first place. Other’s said God was ready to take her home that day and there was no stopping God’s will, no matter what I had done. There were days where I was angry with God and questioned why he would take away my best friend when she had so much life ahead of her. I didn’t tell anybody, of course. You just didn’t say those things in Salem, much less think them.
Her home was on the far outskirts of Salem, tucked away in the woods. It was a small, one story cabin with a bed, small fireplace and a space for a small table, presumably where she ate her meals. She had religious emblems sitting on the hearth of her fireplace. On the walls hung paintings of various important figures from the Bible. She asked me to sit in a chair in a dark, dusty corner. She pulled up another chair and sat in front of me. She laid her hand on mine.
“I can tell something is terribly bothering you today Isabel,” she said.
Despite her firm, strict nature, Ms. Patterson was like a second mother to me, at times. I have spent every Sunday morning with her for most of my life. She has provided me with something that I don’t often receive from my own family. Attention. When I could no longer bear the grief any longer, naturally I went to Ms. Patterson for somebody to talk to.
“Ms. Patterson, it’s been six months since Sarah’s death and I still can’t get over it. It gets worse every day. I don’t know what to do. I just need somebody to talk to, I think.”
She scoots her chair next to mine.
“There are times where I blame myself. People say I shouldn’t, but I always question if I could have done anything different to save her.”
There’s no reaction. Nothing. Just silence. I just needed to know that somebody cared. But nobody cared. Not my mother, not my father, not my siblings, not Ms. Patterson. I stood up and slowly walked towards the door.
“Many years ago, as a young Sunday school teacher, I took my students on a walk through the woods to show them the wonderful things that our Almighty created. One of my students wondered off without me knowing. He was a little boy. Only five. I panicked and took the rest of my students back to the church house. I immediately notified the Reverend. Word spread throughout Salem and all the men formed a search party to locate the little boy. A short time later, they found him.”
I was halfway out the door. I turned around. A small beam of light snuck its way through the partially opened door onto Ms. Patterson’s withered face.
“At the bottom of a steep ledge. His little body sprawled out on his stomach.”
Her eyes glistened.
“They said it was my fault. That I should’ve kept a closer eye on him. That I should’ve searched for him instead of going straight back to the church. They said a woman like me shouldn’t be around kids anyways.”
“Why’d they say that?”
“Because a woman my age at that time should’ve had kids of her own. They said I wasn’t a real woman. I was possessed, they would say. Possessed by an evil spirit. That I’m wicked. A woman shouldn’t be so independent. So opinionated. She shouldn’t be without a husband.”
I shut the door and sat down next to her. She continued.
“People judge me. They always have. I hear the gossip. I hear the accusations. I try to ignore them, but it hurts.”
I lean close to her.
“But they let you teach Sunday school still. And I never hear people in church say anything bad about you.”
“I’m accepted in there Isabel. But out there?”
She points over towards Salem.
“I’m a shunned woman.”
I sit there listening, paralyzed by her words. Thoughts float around my head. How could people be so cruel? So judgmental? How could they throw around all of these terrible accusations about this woman without even knowing her?
“It’s not fair. It’s not fair that people can treat you like an animal based on false gossip and heresy.”
I stand up, my sadness now turned to fury.
“It’s not fair Isabel. But people will believe what they want to believe, whether it’s true or not.”
I run out of her house as fast as I can. I keep running until her cabin is out of sight. I lean next to a tree to catch my breath. I didn’t want to believe it. I didn’t want to believe that my neighbors, the people that live in my town, the people I see every day. The people that cheerfully say hi to me in my walks around town. The people who are so caring, so nice, so loving. I didn’t want to believe they had a dark side. How could Ms. Patterson say such terrible things about others?
I took my time walking home that day. I was afraid. I was afraid of what Salem might reveal once I got back there. Would Salem reveal her true self and confirm everything that Ms. Patterson said? I thought about the accusations. That she was wicked and possessed by an evil spirit. That she was to be shunned and kept away. Then it dawned on me. She was one of “them.”
 














Chapter 6
The town I had come to love, Salem, had now become one I despised. Gossip was tearing families apart. Neighbors were turning against each other. Mothers were suspicious of their own daughters. Daughters, their own mothers. The preachers, the town elders, the community leaders, all men of high esteem. The ones who should be above it all. Even they were getting caught up in the hysteria and vowed to rid the town of such evil.
It all started with a young girl in Salem named Beverly Williams. Beverly was the nine-year old daughter of a prominent Reverend in town. The Williams family was a well to do family in Salem. They had one of the larger homesteads in Salem and it was a lot of work to keep the house in order. They had hired help in the name of Ms. Betsy Francois. Ms. Francois was a black woman from the Caribbean. She worked as a maidservant for the Williams family and lived on the premises with them. Between Reverend Williams’ prominent roles in the community and Mrs. Williams’ penchant for throwing lavish parties for the more well to do people in Salem, it left little time for them to provide much attention to Beverly. To help fill that void, Beverly became quite close with Ms. Francois. She almost served as a second mother to Beverly. She helped bathe her, dress her and helped her with academics. She would tell great stories of her life growing up in her Caribbean homeland. The story goes that these tall tales involved talking to the dead, dealing with evil spirits and engaging in the occult when she was a young girl in the Caribbean.
Beverly frequently invited her best friend, a girl named Anna Marie Adams, over to her house to listen to Ms. Francois’ stories. The girls would listen attentively, amazed at what they were hearing. Ms. Francois would show them how to cast spells over those who were evil. She also would create different potions to show off to the girls. Supposedly, these potions provided great healing qualities to those who were ill.
Late one night, in the Williams’ house, there was a scream so loud emanating from Beverly’s room, that it awoke whole town of Salem or so the story goes. Townspeople described it as the most violent, blood-curdling scream they had ever heard. They said it sounded other-worldly, that no human could ever scream that way. Mr. Williams quickly ran into Beverly’s room and found her on the floor, her whole body trembling. Her eyes went into the back of her head. She violently scratched him as he tried to calm her down. He said that she would start talking gibberish and recited some type of verse, over and over.
“We come this night, to cause you fright, for this is the day, the witches hold sway. We come this night, to cause you fright, for this is the day, the witches hold sway. We come this night to…”
He said he wasn’t the first. That Ms. Francois was indeed in her room when he walked in, holding Beverly in her arms, and singing to her softly.
“You did this! You did this!,” he said.
That same night, that same time, on the other side of Salem, another scream was heard coming from Anna Marie’s room. It was described as the most violent, blood-curdling scream they had ever heard, said the townspeople. They said it sounded other-worldly, that no human could ever scream that way. Anna Marie’s father quickly ran into her room and like Beverly, found her on the floor, her whole body trembling. He said her eyes went into the back of her head. And that she violently scratched him as he tried to calm her down. She talked gibberish, he would say. Like she was possessed by evil spirits. He said she recited a verse, over and over.
“We come this night, to cause you fright, for this is the day, the witches hold sway. We come this night, to cause you fright, for this is the day, the witches hold sway. We come this night to…”
It looked like every man in Salem had come to the Williams’ household that chilly, foggy night. I threw on my clothes and tiptoed out the door, quiet as a mouse. I ran from cabin to cabin, trying not to be seen. I would peak around from behind each cabin, trying to get a better glimpse of them marching towards their target. There were hundreds of them. Their lighted torches turned night into day. Ten of them marched side by side, each holding a section of the thick, dusty rope that would seal her fate. Their shouts echoed for miles.
“Blasphemy!”
“Evil!”
“Satan’s child!”
One by one, they filed through the door. I had never heard a more terrible scream, despite what they say. She kicked and flailed and flopped like a fish. She prayed, she screamed again, she cried and wailed.
I followed them, keeping my distance, using any object I could find to hide behind, so as not to be seen. They tied the rope around the wooden post, with a loop formed on the other end. Two bundles of hay were stacked on top of each other. She stepped on the first bundle. She slowly stepped onto the second bundle.
The man was dressed in all black, with a black top hat. His white haired wig flowed from underneath his hat. His face was so stern, you could throw a rock at it and it would bounce right off of it. The crowd drew silent. He opened his black book and started reciting.
“There Being Complaint this day made (Before us) by Reverend James Williams, and Mr. Natheniel Adams both of Salem Village, in Behalfe of theire Majesties for themselfes and also for severall of their Neighbours Against Emily Francois, the maidservant of Reverand James Williams of Salem Village for high Suspition of Sundry acts of Witchcraft donne or Committed by her upon the bodys of Beverly Williams and Anna Marie Adams. I cause the within mentioned persons to be Executed according to the Tenour of this death warrant. ”
They threw the looped end of the rope around her neck. Her prayers pierced the night sky, until they were heard no more. The crowd cheered. Savages, all of them. Savages.










Chapter 7
They continued, day after day after day. Sometimes, groups of five women at a time. Even some men were suspected of being witches and subsequently suffered the same fate. I couldn’t bear to witness it anymore.
I started towards Ms. Patterson’s home. She was the only one I could talk to and I needed to talk to her now. I walked up to her door and knocked.
She cracked her door open just enough to where I could see her peek through. 	“Ms. Patterson, it’s me, Isabel. Can I come in please? I really need someone to talk to.”
She opens the thick wooden door and I step in.
“Please sit Isabel. You look distraught dear,” she said.
It was no secret though. My hair was disheveled, I was wearing one of my worst looking dresses and I hadn’t slept well for days.
“Ms. Patterson, I’m scared. I don’t know what has become of the town I love. People are going crazy! I see women being dragged away. I see it with my own eyes! They scream and wail in terror and it’s so sad to see. I don’t understand it.”
“Isabel, you’re only fifteen and it’s alright that you don’t understand it all. Sometimes, even I don’t understand it. It’s sad that you have to see this though. Even I am scared of what is to come. I can only imagine what you children must be going through.”
“But, what’s going on, Ms. Patterson? I hear of people being overtaken by evil. They say they’re witches or something. And then they hang them.”
“Yes, they do, Isabel. They were practicing witchcraft Isabel and witchcraft is the devil’s work.”
“But how do they know that?”
“Because they were seen doing these things, my dear child. They were seen!,” she said. “They were putting curses on people. They were recruiting children in Salem to become witches. One man went to tend to his goats one night and found them dead. Four goats don’t just die all the sudden, Isabel. It was them Isabel. It was the witches!”
“Ms. Patterson, you’re not believing this are you? For someone who’s been shunned and gossiped about and driven away her whole life, surely you wouldn’t believe this.”
I couldn’t believe Ms. Patterson was getting caught up in the hysteria.
“Come here Isabel. I want to show you something.”
She opens up a big wooden box smothered in dust over in the corner of her cabin. She reaches down in there and pulls out an odd looking object.
“This is a poppet.”
“What’s a poppet?”
“A poppet is a doll used by witches to harm people.”
The poppet she was holding had pins sticking in it and was missing its head. Ms. Patterson said witches believed they could harm someone by sticking pins into a poppet that represented the victim. It was a gruesome looking thing, I will admit. But it seemed harmless. Besides, how could a “witch” hurt someone just by using a doll? It didn’t seem believable to me.
“Hey Mathew, want to go hunt some squirrels?”
“Yea, sure. Let me go grab my gun.”
I didn’t see Mathew much after the first few days of school. He had made some new friends that were more like him. You know, boys. One of his friends, William, was a mischievous type, who was always up to no good. He was especially hated by us girls. He would always sit behind a girl in school, just so he could pull her ponytail! And he loves to sneak up behind us and scare us half to death! The nerve of that boy!
“Got your gun?,” William said.
“Got it! Let’s go!,” Mathew said.
The boys start heading out of Salem to the woods on the outskirts.
“So, you been hearing about them witches?,” William said.
“Yea, I heard. I don’t believe it though.”
“What’d mean you don’t believe it?”
“Come on William. Witches aren’t real. They’re the stuff of fairy tales and ghost stories. Besides, if those people were real witches, why aren’t they flying on brooms and stuff?”
“How do we know what they do in the dark? We don’t know. They said those girls were having convulsions and talking gibberish and their eyes were rolling into the back of their heads. They were rolling around on the floor and doing all sorts of crazy stuff. That just doesn’t happen. That’s the work of witches!”
“Oh, you’re just as crazy as the rest of them,” Mathew said. “If you think they’re really witches, prove it to me. Prove to me that there are witches walking amongst us in this town. I’ll bet you my gun that you can’t provide any proof.”
By now, both boys were face to face with each other with just a sliver of space separating them. William tilts up his head slightly, brings it back down and in a low voice says “Deal!” Both boys shake hands and the bet was on.
“Follow me,” William said.
“Where you taking us?”
“You’ll see. Just follow me.”
The boys start heading towards the woods that lead to Ms. Patterson’s house. 	“Hey, you’re not taking us to Ms. Patterson’s house, are you?,” Mathew said. 	“Sure. Why not?”
Mathew starts chuckling.
“Ha, ha, ha, Ms. Patterson?? The Sunday school teacher?? Surely you’ve lost your marbles!”
“Apparently you haven’t heard the rumors about Ms. Patterson.”
“Yea, what’s that?”
“Listen, a woman her age with no kids and no husband, isn’t that strange to you?”
“I guess so, but she’s a lady of the church. There’s no way she could be a witch.” 	“Oh but she is! She lives in an old cabin out in the woods. She never comes into town except for Sundays. They say she lives so far out so she can perform her witchcraft without anybody seeing her. People say they’ve heard witch cries late at night and seen them dancing around a fire doing black magic.”
“You know old Mr. Wilsey?”
“Yea, I do,” Mathew said.
“He said he was walking home late one night from a hunting trip and saw something green way back in the woods by Ms. Patterson’s house. He said he walked back there to get a closer look and when he looked through the brush, he saw a green liquid oozing out of a big pot over the fire. There were a bunch of women dressed in black, holding hands, and doing some type of dance as they circled around the fire. He ran away so quick he said, he didn’t realize he forgot his gun, ‘til he got clear all the way home. He said the gun was no good anyways.”
“That’s hogwash! Old Mr. Wilsey’s always telling--”
“Quiet Mathew!,” William said. “Tip toe and don’t make a sound.”
The boys approach Ms. Pattersons’ cabin. William notices the front door cracked open just enough to peak in. He pulls Mathew to the side.
“Go take a peek in her front door. See if you can see anything.”
“Me?!,” Mathew said. “Why me? This was your idea. I don’t believe in witches.” 	“Quit your complaining and go over there. I got to be the lookout to make sure nobody sees you. I’ll be hiding over here in the brush. If you hear me whistle, that means start running!”
“Fine,” Mathew said.
Mathew slowly approaches the front door, like a cat sneaking up on a mouse. His back against the cabin, beside the front door, he slowly turns his head and peeks thru the cracked door. He peeks for what seems like forever until he finally turns his head back around and throws a stare towards William. He continually stares at him, his face as white as a ghost. And then he runs. And he runs. And he runs. William, still hiding in the bushes, still trying to figure out what just happened to his best friend, suddenly snaps back to reality and runs faster than a rabbit back to Salem.


Chapter 8
“I saw them Mother, I really did! They’re real!”
“Mathew, what in heaven’s sake are you talking about?”
Still breathing heavily, after running for miles to get home, Mathew was still shaken up by what he had just seen.
“Remember that girl that I walked with to school that I told you about?”
“Why yes, I do. Her name was Isa--”
“Never mind her name! She’s a witch! I saw it with my own eyes. Her and Ms. Patterson. They’re both witches.”
“How do you know?”
“Well, uh.”
Scared of getting in trouble for sneaking around somebody’s house, Mathew fumbles with his words.
“Well, honestly, William and I were sneaking around Ms. Patterson’s place. I know we shouldn’t have, but it was William’s idea. Anyways, we just wanted to see if the rumors were actually true. You know, that Ms. Patterson was a witch. So I just took a quick peek and I saw Ms. Patterson and Isabel with one of those dolls.”
“Well what’s so wrong with a doll?”
“It was one of those poppet dolls! You know, the ones that the witches use to cast spells on people? It had pins and needles in it. It was real scary looking.”
“And what else were they doing Mathew?”
Curiosity had now gotten the best of Mathew’s mother. She was once a skeptic, but over the last few weeks, like most of Salem residents, she had gotten caught up in all the witchcraft gossip around town. It was the talk of the town in her weekly ladies social club that she hosted at her house each week. At times, she even had her own suspicions about some of the ladies in her social club. Some just seemed to be acting strange lately and she wondered if they had converted to become one of “them.” She was even considering telling them they were unwelcome in her house from now on. Nonetheless, she hadn’t yet. But that didn’t stop her from telling Mathew that he was forbidden from ever speaking, visiting or even sitting next to Isabel. Mathew was never the one to listen to his mother very well, but in this case, he didn’t bat an eye when she sternly told him this.
A knock on the door interrupted Mathew from his schoolwork. He opens the door only to see William standing there.
“Mathew, what’d you see in Ms. Patterson’s house the other day? You ran away so quick, I couldn’t even catch up with you. You looked pretty scared though. Is she a witch?  I told you she was! Didn‘t I tell you she was?”
Mathew was getting annoyed with his friends’ cockiness, but there was no getting around it. He was right. He was right all along. Except for one significant thing.
“Yea, Ms. Patterson’s a witch. But so is Isabel.”
William’s face suddenly turned white as a ghost. He couldn’t believe what he was hearing.
“You mean, Isabel, the girl we sit by in school?! The one you used to walk with to school?! You better stay away from her. She’s nothing but bad news!”
“I know that William. You won’t see me even looking at her again. In fact, since she’s one of “them”, she needs to be punished and punished harshly.”
“Oh don’t worry. You’ve seen what they do to the witches in the town square. That’ll happen to ole’ Ms. Patterson and Isabel soon. I bet they’re out to get them now.”
“You know old buddy, you know it.”
I couldn’t stop thinking about Ms. Patterson falling for the witchcraft hysteria that was gripping Salem. I thought she was one of the few people that were above it all. But I was wrong. After her lecture to me about the evil ways of witchcraft, showing me that hideous looking poppy doll and imploring me not to fall prey to the “devils work”, I knew that she had been sucked in to the abyss. I questioned how a God-fearing, deeply religious woman who repeatedly taught us in Sunday school to love, respect and care for all people was failing to heed her own advice. Instead, she was judging and spreading hate towards an innocent group of people who were being falsely accused of acts based upon heresy, lies and false gossip.
I took many long walks around Salem over the next few days after my “lecture” with Ms. Patterson. Partially to clear my mind, but also to confront some strange things that were happening on my long walks around town. I noticed people were staring at me with stern glances. Mothers were grabbing their children and shoving them into the house as I walked by. I even overheard a group of women mention my name as if they were talking about me. Even my own neighbors wouldn’t talk to me anymore. It was a terrible feeling and I couldn’t understand what was going on. But those things were nothing compared to what I was about to experience.
I have always been a strong, stubborn, independent person. I was never afraid to stick up for myself and defend others who had nobody else to go to bat for them. It was always a source of pride for me and I wasn’t about to let a bunch of grouchy old townspeople interfere with my long walks around Salem. So what if they stared and gossiped and yelled things at me? I don’t know what’s gotten into their cows milk lately, but it’s not going to stop me.
I take in the crisp fall air and the bright sun up in the sky as I walk by a plump older gentlemen standing in his yard staring at me. His name is Mr. Jentson. Mr. Walter Jentson. He’s one of the town aldermen who like to make up all kinds of rules for everybody to abide by. He also is one of the wealthier and more prominent members of Salem. As always, Mr. Jentson is dressed in the finest clothing a person can make, with his bulging stomach stretching the limit of every little thread.
“Hey fatso! What are you staring at?,” I said. “I guess you have to stare at something pretty after being so ugly all day.”
His face turns as red as a beet.
“Ms. Isabel, over here right now!,” he said.
I walk over to him, not to appease him, but to make fun of him at closer range. 	“What do you want old fatso?”
It felt like an eternity. In reality, it was probably only a few seconds. I opened my eyes to blurriness. I rubbed my face to get the dirt off and felt a liquid substance on my hands afterwards. I squinted to see what it was. It was red. It was blood. It was mine. I looked up and saw a figure towering over me dressed in black. By now, my vision had returned enough to at least see close up. He reached down towards me, a rope in his hand, tied as a noose. I got up as fast as I could and ran like I never ran before. I heard him in the background yelling at me to come back now. I knew he wouldn’t chase me. He’s too fat. But I still had that feeling that someone, maybe even him by some miraculous chance, was breathing down that back right behind me, so I didn’t let up running. I opened up my front door and collapsed on the wood floor. After what just happened to me, a wood floor was no match for my battered body.




















Chapter 9
	“Isabel! Isabel! You evil girl you! How do you shame your family like this? Who taught you? Who taught you the devil’s work?” 
	I was shocked. I didn’t know how to respond. How do you respond to something that you have no idea about? I come home from school, walk in the door and I’m confronted by my hysterical mother in tears and my father holding a paddle. 
	“We’re going to beat him right out of you, Isabel. The devils not going to take my daughter away from me!” 
	The crisp autumn breeze hits my naked shoulder, now exposed from my father ripping part of my dress as he desperately tried to hang onto every last thread to keep me from running away. I ran so far away, I didn’t know where I was at. I even ran past Ms. Patterson’s house. All I saw were woods, woods and more woods. But I was safer here. No one would bother me. 
	By this time of year, all but a few leaves hung from the towering trees. I started gathering a bunch to use as cushioning while sleeping that night. It‘s better than sleeping on the hard ground. I chose a spot under a small bush with drooping branches. The tree provided a makeshift shelter to protect me from the elements and any animals that may thought I looked like a good meal that night. To keep me warm, I gathered up a big pile of leaves and piled them on top of me. I knew I couldn‘t go home the next morning, so I would just have to wear the clothes on my back to school the next morning. 
	The sky was crystal clear that chilly autumn night. Struggling to fall asleep, I laid there staring at the glistening stars trying to outdo each other on which one could shine the brightest. I thought about Sarah and what she was doing up there that night. Knowing her, she was probably jumping from star to star. I’m sure she was having a better time than I was! No matter what was happening to me down here though, I knew she was up there watching me, making sure I was alright. And if any mean animal tried to have me for dinner, Sarah would hit it with a rock right between the eyes!
	I woke up that morning to the sound of birds singing sweet harmony. One particularly loud bird made sure that I would stay awake. There was no escaping his squealing chirp. I got up and headed over to a nearby crick to wash up a little bit. Goosebumps suddenly popped up all over me as the icy cold water splashed against my skin. I took a wet leaf and scrubbed my face with it. I then took a look at my reflection in the water to make sure my face looked halfway decent. After I was assured that I didn’t look like a feral child who’d been living in the woods her whole life, I started heading out of the woods to school, bracing myself for the stares, giggles and gossip I would endure as I walked into school with tattered, dirty clothes. 
	I walked in thru the front door and into the schoolhouse. I looked down as I approached my desk. I could feel the eyes on me from every direction. It went from silence to commotion. A girl sitting at the desk next to me scooted away from me. 	“What’s your problem? You never seen a little dirt before?!,” I said. 
	The laughter ensued. 
	“Ms. Lee, in the back, right now!” 
	Mrs. Attley approaches me with a ruler in her hand. 
	“What is the meaning of this?,” she said. 
	“I was running on my way to school. I was afraid I was going to be late. I fell and part of my dress ripped, mam. I also got some dirt on it. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to cause any trouble Mrs. Attley.” 
	“Ms. Lee, you will stay after school and write one hundred sentences on the blackboard. In the meantime, face the wall and put your hands in front of you.” 
	“Why?” 
	“Ms. Lee, are you talking back to me?!” 
	The class starts laughing in uproar. 
	“That’s enough! All of you! Get out your math books and start doing addition problems.” 
	I now knew why there were so many cracks throughout the logs of the schoolhouse. The loudness of her voice could make the strongest of wood crack. 
	“No mam, I wasn’t talking back to you. Honest.” 
	The paddle was an oval shape with little holes drilled thru it. It was carved from pure oak just to ensure you felt it when it collided with your body. One. My body twitched from the pain. Two. My body twitched, but not as much. Three. I was so immune now, I barely flinched. But I yelled out anyways, just so she wouldn’t whack me again, for good measure. 
	“Now go back to your desk!” 
	It was worse sitting down than actually getting hit with the paddle. 
	“Hey Isabel! I heard you’re a witch!” 
	I ignored her. I didn’t like that Elizabeth girl anyways. 
	“Isabel, you stink. Don’t you know what a bath is?,” said Jacob. 
	He and a couple other boys start snickering. I never did like him either. All the sudden, I hear it again. The other’s chime in along with her. It gets louder and louder. Even Mrs. Attley’s loud screams demanding silence couldn’t overcome the jeers. 
	“Isabel’s a witch! Isabel’s a witch!”





















Chapter 10
I was angry with myself that day as I ran out of the schoolhouse. I let the taunting get to me and it made me look weak. But I couldn’t take it any longer. The gossip, heresy and accusations were starting to suffocate me like a snake suffocates its prey. But why? How did I go from being a normal teenaged girl a few days ago to being teased about being an evil witch? The closest I’ve come to any “witch” or “witchcraft” is having the misfortune of seeing a hanging in the town square of an accused witch. Surely that doesn’t make me a witch, does it?
I went to the only place where I knew I could find comfort and support. I needed that right now and Ms. Patterson was always there for me. I knocked on her front door and waited. And waited. And waited. I knocked again so hard, my knuckles turned bright red. Surely she could hear me now. It was only a one room log cabin. But there was nothing. No footsteps, no “who is it?” no nothing. Her front windows were shut tight. I walked around back to see if any windows were open. None. I knew something wasn’t right. It wasn’t Sunday, so Ms. Patterson wasn’t in town. She rarely ever leaves her house. Her windows are all shut. Weird.
I walk back around to the front. Maybe I can get her front door open, I thought. I put all my weight, what little I have, into the thick wooden door and slowly it starts to work its way open. I then give it one final hard push and the momentum of it opening throws me forward onto the floor. I start shaking in fear at what I am now seeing.
My eyes move from left to right, right to left, scanning the destruction that surrounds me. Legs are torn off of the big wooden rocking chair that used to sit in the corner. The firewood that Ms. Patterson would neatly stack in the other corner was now strewn about the cabin. Her spinning wheel was shattered into pieces of splintered wood. Shards of glass crunched underneath my shoes, remnants of two small windows that once provided a view to the outside world. And Ms. Patterson? Nowhere to be found. Suddenly, I heard some commotion out in the woods just outside the cabin. I stood there quietly to make sure I wasn’t hearing things. I wasn’t. The sound of something or someone rustling in the bushes drew nearer. I looked all around the cabin one last time and then tripped and stumbled my way out the front door. I didn’t look back until I got back to within view of Salem, away from the lonely, isolated woods on the outskirts of town.
I had to find out what happened to Ms. Patterson. Whatever it was, it wasn’t anything good. I just knew. I got back into Salem and started asking anybody if they knew where Ms. Patterson was. I ignored all the whispers that suddenly overtook the town as I started walking around. At this point, I didn’t care.
“Sir, you wouldn’t happen to know where Ms. Patterson is would you? She’s not at her house and her home has been ransacked.”
“Get away from me you evil thing!”
I heard it all and kept pushing until I could find an answer. Some ignored me. Others told me in no uncertain terms to leave them alone. Still, a few good souls actually provided me with some helpful information. One man said he saw her walking with a couple of men towards the town hall building. Another said he saw her bartering for some produce.
I peeked inside the town hall building, but saw nothing. Hopefully the produce man knew something.
“Hello. Sorry to bother you, but do you remember selling produce to an older woman today? Gray curly hair?”
“I don’t know. I’m too busy to even pay attention. Anything else I can help you with?”
“Nope. That’s all I wanted to know. Thanks.”
“Ok. Have a good day.”
I was at a dead end. Nobody knew anything. Nobody saw anything. Nobody heard anything. All I knew was Ms. Patterson’s house was destroyed and she was nowhere to be found. It didn’t make sense. But nothing made sense anymore. Like Ms. Patterson’s house, this town was a mess. The people were a mess. And unfortunately, I was now a mess.












Chapter 11
Still distraught from the disappearance of Ms. Patterson, I walk down to the creek to skip some rocks. It’s therapeutic for me. There’s nothing like hearing the gentle trickle of the water falling over the rocks and counting how many skips I can make. Each skip is one hit the rock takes. The more skips, the more hits. But no matter how many skips and how many hits the rock takes, it’s still a rock. Kind of like me. I’ve been hit and hit and hit even more, but I’m still le. I’m still the strong, stubborn, independent girl that I’ve always been. In fact, after everything I’ve been through, I may be even stronger now. My peaceful rock skipping therapy is suddenly interrupted by a voice.
“Well look who it is. It’s the wicked witch of Salem. Are you going to put a spell on me now?”
“Leave me alone! And where do you come off as me being a witch?,” I said. 	Mathew keeps some distance away from me, with his arms crossed.
“I know all about it l. You see, I saw it with my own eyes! You and Ms. Patterson, together in her house, playing with that crazy doll. William saw it too.”
Of course, that was a lie.
“That’s how I knew that you were one of them.”
“Were you spying on me?!,” I said.
He hesitates.
“No! Me and William were just out hunting when we came across Ms Patterson’s house and saw you two thru the window, practicing witchcraft with that doll.”
Another lie.
“Yea right! Ms. Patterson’s house is outside of town and way off the beaten path. You don’t just accidentally stumble across her house, as you make it sound like. You two just heard all the gossip about her and were up to no good seeing if it was true. You’re a sneak Mathew! You and William and all the people of Salem!”
I could feel my face turning red with fury. It was like somebody had started a fire on my face.
He must have forgotten about the “spell” I put on him because he started walking beside me as I walked towards home.
“So, are you the one who started all this Mathew? Is this why people have been treating me differently, staring at me and keeping their distance from me?”
“Isabel, you’re a witch! You and your kind don’t belong in this town. You’re all evil, every last one of you. Did you expect me to just keep my silence and let you all take this--”
“It’s not what you think!,” I said. “You see, I was at Ms. Patterson’s that day to talk to her about, well, just about being sad and depressed.”
I didn’t want to tell him this, for fear of making myself look weak to him. But he had to understand where I was coming from.
“I saw what Salem was becoming and it saddened me. The gossip, the lives torn apart, seeing innocent women being dragged away and hanged for all to see.”
“They’re not innocent! Don’t you understand? Those women were doing the devil’s work. They were cursing people. They were causing bad things to happen to people. They were making women and children go insane. I’ve seen it! And you ought to be ashamed for even sticking up for those people and even  becoming one of them!”
“You’ll believe what you want to believe Mathew and I can’t change that.” 	It was becoming abundantly clear that I was fighting a losing battle and there was no way that I was going to change his mind. But I wasn’t going down without a fight. 	“What you saw that day in Ms. Patterson’s house wasn’t what you think it was. We weren’t practicing witchcraft with that doll. She was just showing it to me and how it’s bad news.”
“Not that I believe you or anything, but did you agree with her?”
“Agree about what?”
“That it’s bad news. The devil’s work. That sort of thing.”
“No, not really.”
“See, you are a witch!”
Mathew then starts skipping away from me. He then turns around to where he is jogging backwards and then points his index finger at me.
“You will pay for your wicked ways Isabel!”
I took one huge deep breath, cupped my hands around my mouth and yelled the loudest I had ever yelled in my life.
“You’re not my friend anymore Mathew! You were never my friend to begin with! Stay away from me and don’t ever talk to me again!”






Chapter 12
Anne and Toby are bickering with each other. Mother is in the middle trying to break them up and Father is of course, outside tending the fields and doesn’t have to hear it all.
“Let me settle this once and for all.”
Of course, they didn’t hear me. Or they ignored me, which is the more likely of the two.
“I said, I’ll settle this once and for all!”
They all three look at me in awe. I pointed to my brother Toby.
“You need to get a woman and get the heck out of here!”
I pointed to my sister Anne.
“You need to get a man and get the heck out of here!”
“Mind your own business!,” Anne said. “Mother, you see the way she talked to me?.”
“Isabel, you know better than to talk to your elders like that!,” she said.
“Oh, you always take their side! The day I’m ever respected around here is the day I have a heart attack!”
And those were my last words before I trudged out the door.
I was so angry, my face was hot and my heart felt like it was pounding out of my chest. But it was true. Everything I said was true, but they didn’t want to believe it. Anne was 22 years old and still lived at home. All her friends she grew up with were now married and had children. And there’s no reason why she can’t do the same. As much as it pains me to say, my older sister is very pretty. She’s probably the second prettiest out of all us sisters, me being the prettiest, of course. She has long brown hair, a tiny little button nose and a great personality. And she’s had many suitors. But she always complains about not being able to find the “one.” That’s hogwash! She’s just being too picky.
My brother Toby is a handsome fellow, for someone like my brother, of course. He’s tall, muscular and has those rugged facial features. He has that square jaw and chiseled look that makes it look like a sculptor chiseled him out of stone. He has strawberry blond hair, with a few freckles on his nose and although he is the quietest of my three brothers, once he opens up, he also has a great personality. But the one thing about my brother Toby is, he’s just plain lazy! He should’ve been outside helping my Father in the fields like every other man is around this time of year, but instead he’s inside bickering with a bunch of women! Father has tried to change him, but to no avail. I think he’s given up on him. At 24 years old, if he hasn’t learned now, he’ll never learn. Me on the other hand, I’ll be like my two older brothers and my other older sister, except for the married part. They all married and got the heck out of here before they turned twenty. Maria got married at sixteen, which is way too young for me. Joe and Johnathan both got married at nineteen. I just want to move out. But I have to wait until I get out of school. Mother says it’s important that I finish school all the way thru. Oh well, I only got two more years.
I had finally started to settle down after walking for a while. The fresh air and the still of night will do that to a person. As I walked down the dirt path thru town, I kept looking at the sky. It’s one of my favorite things to do. Look up at the sky. The sky is such a mysterious, yet beautiful thing to me. I often wonder what it would be like to go up to the sky. You know, to just see what the birds see, see the stars up close, maybe sit on a cloud or two. If only I had wings. On this pitch black night though, the sky was kind of sickly looking. There was a half moon that was barely visible thru the thick clouds that hovered over it. And the stars? Well, the clouds were covering them too.
It was getting late and I was starting to get tired. Besides, I had walked so far, I was on the edge of town, heading towards no mans land. It was time to turnaround. I leisurely started walking back towards home, stopping every so often to take in my surroundings. I kicked dirt with my feet and abused an occasional rock by kicking it across the dirt. Sometimes, I’d be nosy and stare into somebody’s house to see what they were doing. Hey, it’s not my fault they leave their windows open for everyone to see. One older woman gave me a dirty look when she caught me looking at her. Not a moment later, I heard the wooden window slam shut behind me. Kind of a microcosm of Salem.
Still a good distance away from home, I started whistling to break up the boredom of walking. I wasn’t very good at whistling, but I was good enough to belt a good tune or two. And loud enough to completely drown out the sound of two men coming up behind me like a cat in the night.
“Get off of me! You’re hurting me!,” I said.
They were dressed in all black. Black slacks, black shirts, black shoes and black hats. One had a beard. I could feel it rubbing against my skin as I twisted my body around in every position imaginable trying to escape their grip.
“Why are you doing this to me?! Where are you taking me?!”
“You’re coming with us young lady whether you like it or not!,” one said.
They had grabbed me from behind. One grabbed my arms, while the other grabbed my legs. It was a stealth attack that I didn’t see coming. As I kicked, wailed, wriggled and contorted every which way to try to escape their grip, while at the same time, demanding an answer for why they had snatched me, I finally got an answer.
“We’re taking you to jail,” the other said.
I couldn’t believe what I just heard. I had to find a way to get loose. Screaming, yelling and kicking and crying was doing no good. Nobody heard me. Or nobody acted like they heard me. You would think the townspeople would hear the commotion and come out to see what’s going on. Try to save me, you know? No chance. Salem had changed. The people had changed. And not for the better either. I knew I was on my own. Nobody was going to help me. I was too far away from my house for my family to hear me. Who knows if they’d even help me anyways? So, I did the only thing a girl knows to do. I managed to swing my elbow back towards the bearded man who was holding my arms and hit him in his private parts. The back of my head hit the dirt hard as he let go of my arms, writhing on the ground in pain. The un-bearded man, distracted by the commotion going on behind him, inadvertently released his grip on my legs as he looked back. Now was my chance.
I bolted for it. I only looked back once to see the bearded man still on the ground in pain. I wasn’t worried about him. I then saw the un-bearded man start running after me. I was young. He was old. He wouldn’t make it far.
I ran off into the night. Where I was going, I had no idea. I just had to get away from them. I didn’t even know which direction I was going. I just kept running and running and running. I hadn’t looked back since the first time. I hadn’t heard any footsteps, yelling or commotion behind me for a while, so I was starting to think I had lost them. But I kept running anyways. No reason to take a chance until all was clear. I saw a dark building in the distance. There it was. My saving grace. Soon, I would be there.



















Chapter 13
I walked around the building, trying to find a way inside. Suddenly, I found it. I saw a window un-latched, just waiting for me to enter. The problem was, I was too short. Or it was too high. Whichever way you want to put it. I had a dilemma. I started looking along the edge of the woods to find anything that could help climb into the window. It was a good place to look. The townspeople threw all kinds of their unwanted junk into the woods. I saw old rusty horseshoes, blacksmithing tools that had no more use, pitchforks, a men’s hat and even a bow and arrow. It was like a treasure trove, if you could call it treasure. Unsuccessful in finding anything along the edge of the woods, the leaves crunched underneath my feet as I trudged deeper into the woods. Luckily, the harvest moon was full and bright that night and did a pretty good job of guiding me thru the woods. It was especially useful for when I finally found what I needed. The moon shone its’ light just perfectly on a patch of frost to where it caught the corner of my eye. As I scanned to see where the reflection of the frost was coming from, I saw that it was an old cut tree trunk standing upright in the woods. It was just perfect! It was round enough to stand on and tall enough to prop me up into the window. It had some ax marks on it, so somebody chopped it down. Can’t I understand why somebody would dispose of some perfectly fine firewood, but oh well. Better for me.
I certainly couldn’t the carry the big ole’ thing out of the woods, so I had to roll it. It took me what seemed like an hour, but I finally got it to the window. I’d like to see any other girl from Salem do that. Maybe that’s why they’re chasing me. They don’t like a girl like me doing everything a boy can do.
I used all the strength I could muster to hoist myself up onto the window sill. The only problem now was I was laying on my stomach on the sill, with no room to maneuver myself into a better position. This was going to be fun. I slowly lowered myself down onto the floor, but eventually the momentum took a hold of me, and I took a hard spill onto the floor. I dusted myself off and did my best to ignore the stinging of the scrapes I had just accumulated.
Luckily, the moon was shining in thru the window, or it would have been pitch black inside. I slowly walked around, trying to find the perfect place to hide. I wouldn’t think they’d find me in here, but I had to finding a good hiding spot in case they did.
There was a big long wooden table, with long wooden benches on either side, right in the middle of the building. That must be where all the town aldermen conduct their business. On the walls were painted portraits of the aldermen. Amazing! I had never seen painted portraits before now. I was always told only the well to do have painted portraits of themselves. It then dawned on me that the aldermen did live in bigger houses than the regular townsfolk. I was starting to connect the dots. These mysterious gentlemen, who always conduct business in this building in secret, are the leaders of this town. They have the most money. They create the laws. They tell people what to do. They collect money from the townsfolk. I knew there was a reason I never liked those old grumpy geezers!
As I continue walking quietly around the building, I notice a wooden crate sitting in the corner. There’s my hiding spot! I lift it up and slide right under it. They would never find me in here, I conclude. As I slide back out from under the crate, a big white piece of paper hanging on the wall catches my attention. In big black letters spelled my name. ISABEL LEE. Underneath my name were more big black letters spelling out sentences. WANTED ON SUSPICION OF ENGAGING IN WITCHCRAFT. $50 REWARD FOR HER SUCCESSFUL CAPTURE.
It all made sense now. The people staring at me as I walked thru town. The parents whisking their children away as I passed them. The terrible treatment I had received from classmates, the townspeople, even my own family. The men dressed in all black. I was being falsely accused of something that I wasn’t and now I’m a wanted criminal! This is why. This is why all this stuff has been happening to me the last couple of months.
I started breaking down in tears. They just gushed out of my eyes, like waterfalls. This was it, I thought. I was finally cracking. I was exhausted, physically and mentally. I was hungry. I was hopeless. I was weak. Me. Isabel Lee. The girl who strong, independent, could fend for herself and could keep up with the boys. She was gone.
I felt better after letting it all out. It cleared my head, erased my negative thoughts. I couldn’t let them get to me this way. I had to be strong. For Ms. Patterson, for those poor women who’ve been hanged and most importantly, for myself. It was time to get out of this town. And fast.







Chapter 14
I was a wanted young woman and I knew it. They were after me, but where were they? They could’ve been right on my tail or a mile away for all I knew. Heck, they could be two feet in front of me and I wouldn’t have known it, with their black clothing blending in perfectly with the pitch black darkness of the night.
I was in the woods, that much I knew. It was a risky way of doing business. Leaves crunching underneath my feet. Sticks breaking as I stepped on them. The rustling sound of me navigating through the woods. If they were close, they would hear me. But it’s better than being out in the open. With the woods, I was covered. I knew where I wanted to go, but I didn’t know if I was going the right way. I had to keep moving though. The further away from Salem I got, the less likely they’d catch me.
After what seemed like miles of plodding through woods, I finally had to take a rest. The moonlight guided me to a big round tree that was perfect to sit against. Now that I was sitting still, I realized how cold it was! I could see the frost forming on parts of the ground where there was no tree cover. I couldn’t sit still for too long though or I’d freeze to death. I either had to start walking again or settle for the night. I felt safe enough away from Salem that I decided to call it a night.
I gathered as many leaves as I could in my skinny arms and laid them next to the big tree. I gathered a couple more arms full of them to put over top of me. Hopefully, they would keep me somewhat warm while I slept. I figured I would fall right asleep from exhaustion. But I didn’t. There were too many thoughts racing through my head. What if they caught me while I was asleep? What if a coyote mistake me for food? What if I froze to death? I had to think positive thoughts. It was the only thing that would get me to sleep. I thought of Ipswich. The town I was heading to. I wondered what it looked like now. I wondered if it was as warm and inviting and nice as I had heard it was. That was the last thing I remember running through my mind.
I woke up to a leaf tickling my face. As I swiped it away from my face, I looked up into the clear blue sky, with the sun shining proudly onto the land. It was going to be a good day. I could sense it. I brushed all the leaves off of me and stood up to stretch. I took a moment to gather my senses and familiarize myself with my surroundings since it was the first time I’d seen daylight in what seemed like days. I was really thirsty, so I realized it was time to continue on my journey. Hopefully, I would run into a creek soon.
I walked for what seemed like many more miles and started to hear a trickling of water in the distance. As I got closer, there it was. A nice, wide, clear stream. I walked up to the edge and scooped some water into my hands to drink. I threw a little bit on my face to clean up a little bit. That was the best water I had ever tasted. I was ready to continue.
I could see a clearing up in the distance and I knew I had to be getting close. It was the first time I had been out of the woods in hours. What a liberating feeling it was. I felt so free, like an animal that had escaped a trap. I stood there and just looked up at the sky to let the warm rays of the sun soak into my cold body. Instead of leaves and sticks, there was grass underneath my feet. It was such a great feeling; I started running until I could run no more. Then I saw it. I was young then, but I still remembered it. I remembered the houses and the town hall and the myriad of other buildings as we passed it on our way to Salem. I remembered it because I knew we were getting to close to our new town. Father told us then. And now, ten years later, I was getting close to my new town. Just not Salem.

Chapter 15
Despite the chill in the air, people were out and about that fine sunny day. There were vendors selling their goods, Mothers walking with their children and the men folk catching up on the latest town news. The townspeople were so caught up in their own busyness, that they barely noticed the strange girl walking around town with tattered clothes, stringy hair and bare feet. That’s exactly how I wanted it. It was so nice to walk around without people staring and whispering and pointing. No worries about town aldermen trying to track me down and throw me in jail. It was different here in Ipswich. In a good way.
Ipswich didn’t have the same issues with witchcraft hysteria as Salem. They thought it was all hogwash. If only the people of Salem felt the same way. As I walked around town, I overheard the townsfolk talking about the witch trials in Salem and how absurd the whole ordeal was. They were appalled by the public hangings of innocents falsely accused of being witches. The people seemed more rational, more open-minded in this town. I don’t know how it came to be that way. Both towns were mere miles from each other, but they were two different worlds.
Ipswich was a little more “squished” than Salem. Houses were all aligned in a row, with just a few feet separating them. Instead of sprawling fields, like in Salem, people had small gardens in their tiny yards. And then of course, like every town, the big building in the middle was the town hall building. Sprinkled throughout were churches, with their wooden crosses attached to the roof.
The people of Ipswich seemed more jovial and happier than I had experienced in Salem. I actually saw people smiling and laughing. As cold, tired and hungry as I was, their contagious smiles rubbed off on me, as even I cracked a smile or two. It was a much different experience from the rigid, solemn expressions of the townsfolk of Salem. And I loved it!
I didn’t know what I was going to do now after I finally reached my journey. I couldn’t bear another night sleeping in the woods. And I couldn’t go another day without eating or I’d starve to death. I continued walking around town exploring my options. Should I beg? Should I offer to work in exchange for food and a place to stay? Would anybody even consider putting a fifteen year old girl to work? I mean, as much as I hate it, I could do the “girly” work like cook and clean and take care of kids. I’d much rather work outside doing the heavy work though. But that would never happen. Grrrrr! Sometimes I wish I was a boy! They seem to have all the fun.
I walked over to the man selling fresh fruit and vegetables. It all looked so good! There were apples and cherries and broccoli and lettuce. As my eyes just stared at the good food in front of me, I happened to glance over to see the man shaking his head in a sad way.
“You alright kid?,” he said. “You look like you just got done wrestling a bear!”
“I’m fine. Just a little hungry, that’s all. I don’t have any money or anything to barter. But I’m willing to clean the fruit or help you sell or anything really. Anything I could do for just one piece of fruit, sir. I’d be forever grateful.”
He was silent for a few seconds.
“Well, where’s your parents? Just tell them you need a nickel and I’ll give you a piece of fruit. That’s all I sell it for. One little old nickel.”
Time to come up with good one here.
“Well sir, my parents had to make a trip over to Salem. And they won’t be back for a few days. They took all their money with them, of course. And we aren’t the richest of folk, so I got nothing of value to give you. And our garden just didn’t produce this year, so I never got to eat any fruit. I’m just dying for one piece of fruit this year. That’s all. Just one piece.”
“Well, alright then. I’ll make you a deal. You sell three pieces of fruit and I’ll give you one piece as payment. Or I can give you one nickel for every three pieces of fruit you sell.”
“Oh no sir. I don’t want the money.”
Greedy old man. Only offering me a nickel for my labors.
“All I want is just a piece of fruit.”
He reached out his hand and we both shook.
“We got a deal then.”
It seemed like it was hours before I sold my first piece of fruit. I did everything I could to get people to buy. I walked up to them and showed off the shiny apples. I yelled out that I was selling produce. I even offered two pieces of fruit for the price of one. That didn’t go over so well with the old guy. Finally, I noticed an older lady and what I assumed was her daughter, starting walking towards me. The older lady was dressed very elegantly in a flowing yellow dress and her hair in a bun. Her daughter, dressed the same way.
“Hello mam, are you interested in some of this lovely…” She completely bypassed me and immediately went up to the old man and started talking to him.
“Yes, she wants some,” said somebody behind me. I turned around to see a girl about my age with three apples in her hands.
“Great,” I said. “That’ll be fifteen cents please.”
“Well, my mother will pay for it.”
“Ah, yes,” I said.
“My name’s Rachel.”
We shook hands.
“My names Isabel. Nice to meet you.”
“You new to town?,” she said.
“Well, kinda.”
Finally, the older woman stops talking to the old man and turns her attention to me.
“How much do I owe you young lady? Oh dear, are you okay?”
She’s just now noticing.
“Your dress is all tattered, your feet are bare and your hair. My goodness, you look like you just got done wrestling a bear!”
Is that all they say around here?
“Yes mam. I’m just fine. I just been working hard all day. Even helped my daddy in the garden. I ripped my clothes on some thorns from the raspberry bushes we got. And my mother is working to repair my shoes. That’s where they are.”
It sounded good enough.
“Well, okay. You just look so pitiful. I worried for you.”
You don’t look so hot yourself you old bag.
“That’ll be fifteen cents mam.”
Her little chit chat was delaying my much needed nourishment.
“Here you go young lady,” she said.
“And get yourself cleaned up so you look like a lady again. Okay?”
“Yes mam.” She meant well, but I didn’t like her.
“Well, you did it. Go ahead and get yourself a piece of fruit kid.”
“Thank you sir!”
I rooted around and found the biggest, shiniest apple I could find. I bit into it and the sweet juice of the apple ran down my chin. It was the best tasting apple I had ever had!
“Well, I guess you got what you wanted and now you’ll be leaving right?,” he said.
“This is kinda fun. If you don’t mind sir, I’d like to keep working for a few more hours.”
I was still hungry. I wanted more fruit.
“Okay. But don’t start selling too much. I can’t be giving away all my fruit to you.”
I smile. With food in my stomach and a new job in my new town, I was as happy as I’d ever been in a long while.






Chapter 16
The sun was slowly starting to descend into the horizon on that lovely day. My next order of business was to figure out where I was going to sleep that night. My stomach was full. In fact, too full. And I had plenty apples to spare. I sold so much fruit that day that I ended up with an armful of apples. The old man even gave me a wood crate to put them in. He told me to never come back.
I walked around for a bit with a crate full of apples and happened to see a sign for the town Inn. I slowly walked in and approached an old wood desk with an older gentlemen standing behind it. He was a well dressed gentleman with a thick mane of pure gray hair neatly parted to one side. Unlike most of the men in town, he didn’t wear a black hat or any hat for that matter.
“Do you have any rooms available?,” I said.
“We have one left. Right up on the second floor. In the corner. It’s our smallest room. Not much to it,” he said. “Uh, pardon me for asking Miss, but what is a young lady like you, all alone, looking to rent an old dusty room in a place like this for?”
“Well, my mother and father asked me to inquire about it for them. We’re new to town, and they’re busy doing other things.”
I was getting good at thinking on the fly.
“Ok, well it’ll be 50 cents Miss. For the night, that is. Any more nights and I’ll have to charge ya more.”
“Will you take three apples?,” I said.
“Come again? My hearing just isn’t as good as it used to be,” he said.
“Will yaaa taaaake threee apppppless?”
“Apples?!”
“Young lady, instead of your parents doing other things, they should be teaching you some manners! Now get out of here and don’t ever come back!”
His face was as red as a beet. I couldn’t hold it in any longer and burst out laughing. I happened to look back and his face was redder than a beet now and he started mumbling to himself. Oh well, I tried.
Still laughing hysterically, I walked out the door, not paying attention and bumped into somebody.
“Oh pardon me. I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to--”
“It’s no big deal,” she said.
I look up and see that it’s the girl I met before who’s mother bought the apples from me.
“Oh hi, it’s you. Um, what’s your name again?”
“Rachel, my names Rachel.”
“Oh yea, that’s right. Well, again, sorry about that. I wasn’t paying attention and just, well you know,” I said.
“I’ll help you pick them up.”
“Oh, thanks.”
“So, what were you laughing about so hard back there?”
“Well, I was trying to see if they had a room available at the Inn. But I didn’t have any money. So I offered the guy apples in exchange for a room. He didn’t take too kindly to it and started yelling. I thought it was pretty funny, with his facial expression and all.”
“Oh.”
She didn’t seem impressed.
“Well, Mr. Sandersen is a nice guy. It’s hard to get him upset. You must have really said something to rub him the wrong way.”
“I wasn’t joking about the apples. It was all I had. And I just needed a room for one night.”
“But Isabel, why do you need a room? I thought you had a house and your mother was fixing your shoes and you helped your father in the garden and….”
“Oh yea,” I said.
Daggonit. I did tell her something like that earlier. I had to think of something and quick.
“Well, what I meant to say is that we don’t have a house yet because my father is still building it. We got the land and everything and my father already started a garden. Which is what I was helping him with today.”
I was hoping she wouldn’t ask to go see my “house” being built.
“So where are you going to stay then? Well, you and your parents, I mean.”
“Well, my parents are out looking for more stuff and won’t be back for a few days.”
“Well, if you don’t have money for a room and your house isn’t built yet and your parents are gone. I don’t understand.”
“See all those woods over there? There’s some great places to sleep in there. Under the night sky, with the bright stars. You can’t beat it Rachel.”
I hated it actually.
“You can’t sleep in there. That’s crazy. You can stay at my place tonight. I’ll sneak you in after my parents go to sleep. The only thing is, it’ll have to be after dark. When they can’t see us, just in case they wake up.”
“Thank you so much! I really didn‘t know if I could do another night in those woods anyways.”
“It’s no problem Isabel. Honest. Let’s go. I’ll show you my house so you know where to meet me.”
“Sounds good!”
We walked the dirt path through town, passing building after log cabin after building after log cabin. We talked and got to know each other more. Rachel was 14 years old and was born in Ipswich. She had one younger brother of twelve and an older sister of 16. Rachel was short and plump, with long strawberry blond hair, fair skin and a mouth that wouldn’t stop. The girl could talk and talk and talk.
She showed me her house and told me where to meet her behind it. Her house was a modest log cabin with one small window in the front. It did actually have a second story, which is where her parents slept. It was a good thing, or else she wouldn’t be able to sneak me in. It sat on a small plot of land, wedged between two other log cabins much bigger in size. She told me once her parents were asleep, she would walk out the front door with a candle. That was my signal to meet her around back and she’d sneak me in.
It was getting close to sun down and our plan was in place.
“I’m going to head home Isabel. It shouldn’t be too long. Once you see my candle, you know where to meet me.”
“Got it,” I said. “I’m just going to go hide in the woods over here and wait.”
“Ok. I’ll see you in a bit.”
I head into the woods and start my wait. I find a spot where I’m well hidden, but there’s just enough clearing to see the flicker of her candle. I sat down against a tree to give my bare feet a rest. In the still of night in the woods, you hear all the animals singing their chorus. It’s like they all come out at night, after all humans are asleep, and start singing together. I heard owls hooting, coyotes hollering, raccoons squealing and even a bird or two chirping. I am sure he was probably angry about being woken up from his deep sleep by those loud owls.
As I sit there, deep in thought about all the animals, I see the flicker. That’s my sign. Time to go.
I slowly tip toe out of the woods, trying not to make too much noise. The frosty grass crunches under my feet as I walk on it, making my feet even colder than they already are. I approach her house and she comes out to light the ground with her candle so I can see where I’m walking. We walk around behind her house.
“Ok, stay right here. I’ll crack the door open.”
Thirty seconds later, she comes back around, waves the candle for me to come on.
“Just be very quiet,” she said.
“I sure will.”
My cold feet hit the warm wooden floor and it was the best feeling I had ever experienced. The heat from the fireplace instantly thawed my cold body out.
“Here, here’s my bed. You can sleep in it. I’ll sleep on the floor.”
She had her quilts already laid out on the floor.
“Are you sure? I’ll sleep on the floor. I don’t care. Just to sleep in a nice warm place is enough for me.”
I could tell she was going to insist upon it, so I said no more and graciously accepted her proposal.
My body sank into the straw that was underneath the quilt. I then put the other quilt over me to use as a cover. My head sank into the pillow filled with feathers. The next thing I remember was nothing. I fell asleep that quickly.


















Chapter 17
“Isabel, wake up.”
“Hu…Waa…What’s going on?”
“I’m sorry, but it’s time for you to leave.”
“But it’s still dark outside,” I said.
“I know. But Mother and Father will be waking up soon to tend to the days chores. They get up before the crack of dawn and if they catch you in here, it’ll be my hide! I’m sorry, but I have no choice if you ever want to stay here again.”
“I understand. Just a few hours sleep in a nice warm bed is better than eight hours of sleep out in the woods.”
A faint smile formed across her face, relieved that I understood her dilemma, but still a sense of consternation that deep inside, I really was mad that she was forcing me to leave.
“I won’t leave you alone out there Isabel. I’m up. I’ll be going to school here soon anyways, so I might as well get dressed. Besides, it wouldn’t kill me to make it to school on time for once!”
We both chuckled.
“Sounds good. Hey, when you’re up and ready, maybe I can show you where I slept in the woods the previous night. It’s a nice spot. And you can hear the animals and see the stars through the trees.”
“Here, take this candle and go out the back door. I’ll meet you out there in a few minutes. And here.” She hands me a bear pelt. “Wear this around you. I’m sick of seeing you in that raggedy old dress freezing your behind off.”
“Thanks.”
It felt so nice to have something to keep me warm as I began entered the chilly late fall air.
I stood out back more than a few minutes. More like thirty minutes it felt like. But that’s girls for ya. Finally, she came out the door and slowly shut it, to minimize the noise.
“Sorry. It took me longer than I thought.”
“That’s okay.”
We walked slowly so as to not make any noisy disturbance. Once we got closer to the woods, we finally started talking in something other than a whisper.
“Okay, follow me.”
We entered the woods. We walked a few hundred feet into the woods until I found the big tree that I slept next to.
“Over here, by this big tree. This is a good spot.”
I looked back and didn’t see Rachel.
“Rachel. Rachel.”
“I’m coming,” she said.
I finally saw her shadow getting closer as I held the candle out away from my body to shine it further away. She put one foot in front of the other in the most gingerly way.
“You don’t get out in the woods much do you?” I said.
“Isabel, how do you walk so fast in these woods? And without shoes?”
“This is nothing. I grew up out in the woods. I skipped rocks, caught snakes and frogs, swam in the creek, just like the boys did.”
“Eww. I hate snakes and frogs and anything that crawls! Didn’t the boys hate you hanging around them like that, doing boys things?”
“They did at first, but I didn’t care. They got used to it after a while. And I could skip rocks further than all of them. They didn’t like that one bit.”
“Well, you’re definitely a lot different than most girls I know. Maybe that’s why I like you so much,” she said.
“Here, sit. This tree can handle the both us.”
We both leaned up against the big old tree, with plenty of tree to spare.
“So Isabel, now that we can finally talk at length, maybe we can get to know each other better. I mean, I‘ve known you for two days and all I know is your name. Well that and your parents are out getting stuff to build your house. But that’s it. And you know I don’t believe that story, right?”
And here I thought I had her.
“Well, it’s true,” I said.
“Isabel, it’s not everyday you see a stranger just showing up in town out of the blue in a tattered dress, barefoot, tangled hair and looking like they just took a dirt bath.”
“Fine,” I said.
“You just never give up do you?”
“Nope.”
I was starting to like this girl. She might not be able to handle the woods, but she’s stubborn as a mule. Just like me.
“Okay fine. You got me. The truth is, I’m running away from Salem.”
“So you’re from Salem?”
“Yes. And I’m not going back!”
“But why? I mean, that’s your home and all.”
“Because I’m in trouble.”
Suddenly, her face kind of dropped. I could tell she was starting to think that maybe she shouldn’t be out here in the woods with me alone. Like I was some kind of criminal out to hurt her.
“What kind of trouble?”
“Rachel, have you heard about the witches in Salem? How they’re accusing women and girls of being witches and putting them on trial for it?”
She leans up close to me, her face almost touching my face, eyes as big as walnuts. 	“You’re a witch?!”
“No Rachel! It’s all hogwash. All those stories you hear about witches in Salem. They’re not true. They’re falsely accusing innocent people of being witches and hanging them in the town square for everybody to see. And people cheer it Rachel. People believe it and they cheer the death of innocent people.”
“I’m sorry Isabel. I never believed those stories about witches in Salem and I know you’re not a witch. I was just kidding when I asked if you were a witch. Honestly. I was just trying to be funny. That’s all. Nobody in this town believes in witches. We all think its nonsense.”
She was lying of course. She really did believe I was a witch at first. I could tell it in her voice. But I know now she doesn’t believe it. And that’s all I cared about. I didn’t need somebody chasing me in this town too. That’s for sure.
“Oh, we had a few women that people thought were witches. But nothing ever happened to them. Reverend Fitzgerald didn’t believe it. And the judges didn’t believe it. So they never got in trouble for anything. It was just some women who were at angry at some other women and they started spreading gossip that they were witches just to get revenge on them. But that’s what’s great about Ipswich. People don’t judge people based off of town gossip. People are smarter than that. We’ve never jailed one woman or girl for witchcraft, although there’s been some accusations thrown around of women being witches.”
“And that’s what I love about this town Rachel. People are more understanding, less judgmental. You know Rachel, when I walked into this town. This strange girl, with a tattered dress and all dirty and barefoot, not one person looked at me funny or whispered anything about me. Heck, no one even looked at me! Everybody was too busy about their daily business to even notice and if they did, they didn’t give it a second thought. It felt so good for once to not be judged.”
“But why’d they think you were a witch? I mean, you’re nice, you’re sociable, you’re funny, you’re pretty. I mean, unless it’s because you catch snakes and frogs and stuff.”
“Ha! No, it’s not that. You see, my Sunday school teacher, Ms. Patterson, she was like a mother to me. Because, well, my mother and father never really paid much attention to me. I was like the black sheep, you know?”
“Yea. Sometimes I feel that way too.”
“Well, I got used to it. But I would go to Ms. Patterson for anything. If I was sad or was just having a bad day, I could always go to her and she knew just what it took to make me feel better.”
“That’s good. She seems like a nice lady.”
“She is! A wonderful lady. But anyways, one day, I went to talk to her. I was having one of those bad days and just needed somebody to talk to. So we sat and talked for what seemed like hours. And we started talking about witchcraft and black magic and she was telling me how it’s evil and stuff like that. I didn’t believe any of it. But Ms. Patterson did and I couldn’t believe it. I thought she was smarter than to believe in witches. Anyways she happens to show me a poppet that she had”
“Huh? What’s a poppet?”
“A poppet is a doll that witches supposedly use to harm people. It has pins sticking in it and it’s missing a head. It’s an ugly looking thing. But it’s all hogwash. Well, I had these two boys as friends. I thought they were friends anyways. William and Mathew were their names. So they were out sneaking around, up to no good. You know how boys are. Always mischievous, never up to any good. People thought Ms. Patterson was a witch. There were rumors going around that she was.”
“But why would a Sunday school teacher be accused of being a witch?”
“I know. It makes no sense. But Ms. Patterson was an older woman, who never married or had kids. All women get married and have kids. Except Ms. Patterson. People thought it wasn’t right and immediately accused her of being a witch. So William and Mathew went snooping around Ms. Patterson’s house to get a good look of a “real” witch and happen to see her showing me the poppy doll. They then went home and started telling everybody that I was a witch. And the rumors spread like wildfire.”
“Those boys should be ashamed of themselves!”
“I know, but they’re not. They and everybody else in Salem thought I was really a witch. People in town tried to throw me in jail. I was out walking one day and they tried to snatch me up. I escaped and got the heck out of Salem.”
“So that’s why you’re all tattered up and dirty and barefoot.”
She reached over to hug me and I hugged her back.
“Isabel, I’ve never had any true friends. I’ve always been kind of shunned by my schoolmates and none of them really like me. You’re the first true friend I’ve ever had. I won’t let anything happen to you. I promise. I’m going ask mother and father as soon as I get home from school if you can move in with us. They’ll let you. I know.”
“Thanks Rachel. And you too are my true friend.”
The black darkness of the sky had suddenly turned into a dark blue. It was the crack of dawn. The start of a new day. We walked out of the woods. We said our goodbyes, knowing we’d see each other again this afternoon and headed opposite ways. Rachel towards school. I towards the unknown. Yes, it was the start of a new day. And I couldn’t be any happier about it.








Chapter 18
It felt good to have a nice dress to wear and some shoes to protect my feet. And a nice night’s sleep in a warm bed didn’t hurt either. I felt the best I had been in weeks. There was still one thing missing though. I had to wash up and get my ratty looking hair squared away.
I walked back into the woods and found the creek I had stopped at days ago on my way to town. I threw some water on my face and scrubbed hard with my hands to wipe all the grime away. I did the same with my arms, legs and feet. Finally, I dipped my hair in the water and watched the rush of the creek try to take it downstream. I combed my fingers through my hair to untangle it and make it look somewhat presentable. After all, I was going to be roaming around town all day today. I couldn’t be looking like a rag doll.
I headed out of the woods and back up into town. I had hours to kill until Rachel got out of school. And even then, I couldn’t go back to her house until after her parents were sound asleep. I was hungry and had eaten all of my apples. I wondered if the old man would let me work again. As I approached him, he was busy at work getting his produce set out for the day.
“Morning sir. Need any help today?”
His eyes squint as he looks at me.
“Kid, I wasn’t joking when I said don’t come back. A man has to make a living. He can’t be giving away his livelihood. If you got some nice shiny coins to give me, you can come back as much as you want. If not, then you need to run along. Now good day.”
I kicked up some dirt in frustration and some of it made it’s towards his produce. He gave me the evil eye as I walked away. He couldn’t deal with a girl selling more than he sold. That’s all it was. He was jealous. Jealous of a female beating him at his own game. He was lucky I didn’t have my own apples to sell. I’d set up shop right next to him and sell more stuff in an hour than he would sell in a day. I’d teach him a lesson.
I continued my exploration around town. There sure were a lot of merchants. People selling furs, blacksmiths fixing horseshoes, women weaving wool into clothes to sell, hunters selling their fresh kills of the day. It was a bustling town. That’s for sure. What caught my eye though was the woman selling some sweet pastries. I would do anything to have something sweet.
“Mam, we just moved to town and were very poor until my father finds some work. Would you be so kind to share just a small piece of your pastry there if I did some work for you? I’ll do anything. I’m even good at cooking.”
I could tell she was taken aback by my sob story.
“Young lady, sure you can have a piece and don’t you worry about needing to do any work. It sounds like you got enough to worry about. I can tell you’re already tired and worried as is. With those circles under your eyes and your hair all tattered.”
I guess washing my hair didn’t help.
“You poor girl, you just go right ahead there and pick whichever one you like. In fact, take three of them. One for you and one for your mother and father. Tell them it’s on me.”
“Thank you mam. I really appreciate it. And when my father gets some work, I’ll let them both know to come here to buy some pastries. I promise!”
“Thank you dear,” she said. “Now you enjoy those and tell your mother and father welcome to town.”
“I sure will. Thanks again!”
I wave back to her and walked far enough out of sight to where she wouldn’t see me eating all three of the pastries. Boy were they good! Eating too many of those could fatten a girl up real quick. But it was well worth it.
With a full belly and a few more hours to kill before Rachel gets out of school, I head off towards the woods to take a short nap. Suddenly, I hear it.
“Young lady!”
I look back. Nothing.
“Young lady!”
I look again. I see her. She was rushing toward me, wailing her arms through the air like a mad woman. She finally catches up to me.
“Yes mam,” I said.
“What is your name young lady?”
She’s still trying to catch her breath after hastily walking over to me.
“My name is Margaret. Why do you ask mam?”
“Young lady…..err….Margaret, I’ve been watching you for days now, walking around this town all day long, with nothing else better to do.”
“Yes. I like to walk mam.”
“Where are your parents to keep you in line?”
“My parents are in town mam. Here in town. Oh but they’re hard workers mam. They work all day. Sometimes into the night even. I got a bunch of younger siblings too. My parents don’t have time to be watching over me. Besides, I can watch over myself. I’m just as well behaved as an adult. Even more so than some adults I know.”
“Well your parents aren’t the only hard workers in this town. Every parent in this town is a hard worker, but they still keep watch over their kids. They don’t let them run around all day like you’ve been doing.”
“Well mam, I don’t mean to be rude or nothing, but I don’t think it’s much of your business what I do during the day, don’t you think?”
Her chubby face got red all the sudden.
“Excuse me young lady?!”
“Not only do your parents not keep you in line, but they also never taught you manners I see!”
She then takes the palm of her hand, raises it and smacks my cheek.
“I don’t know where you came from, but in this town, children don’t talk to their elders that way. You understand?”
“Yes mam.”
I could feel my blood boiling with anger at that moment.
“Now that we got that out of the way, you’re coming with me to the schoolhouse. That’s where you should be anyways this time of day. And you’re going to explain to the teacher why you’re not in school.”
She grabs my arm. I pull away and start running.
“Get that girl! Get her now! Heeeeelp! Heeeeelp! Somebody get that girl!!”
I was running so fast, I lost my shoes. But then two of them came towards me. I switched direction and ran the other way. I saw two more coming that way. I then run to my right towards the woods. If I can just make it to the woods, I can escape. I know them better than they do. But suddenly, three more come running out of the woods towards me. All the while, I hear the plump lady’s shrill voice echoing through town, still calling for help. I then run back towards town. Dumb, I know. But it was the only way left. I didn’t make it much further when suddenly, I’m lifted up off the ground.
“Get off of me! Leave me alone!”
I kick and scream and bite but the guy won’t let go. And then another one grabs my legs. I can’t even kick anymore. I squirm around like a worm, but their grip is too tight.
“I didn’t do anything! I promise, I’ll go to school tomorrow. Please, just let me go!”
My cries for help fell on deaf ears. My body was tired from the all the squirming and wailing and kicking and screaming. Suddenly, my body just went numb. I couldn’t fight it anymore. They had me.
It seemed like they carried me for an eternity. They opened the thick wooden door. It smelled of rotten wood inside the damp cool wooden building. We passed the first one. A small wooden room that would be too cramped even for a mouse. One little square opening was their only view to the outside world. Each with a face sunken with despair, desperation and loneliness. There was one face that stood out, however. We locked eyes on each other until we could no more. I got so vivid of a view of her face, I could see the small speckle of dirt she had underneath her right eye. And then she disappeared out of view.
The thick wooden door creaked loudly as they slowly opened it. Chips of wood flew off the bottom as it dragged the floor. They throw me in, quickly shut the door, and then leave. I look out of my small square window. It’s my only view to the outside world. An outside world of emptiness.





















Chapter 19
I woke up to the pain of something piercing my back. I rolled over only to see that a piece of splintered wood was the cause. I gathered my senses, looked around like my head was on a swivel and realized that I wasn’t dreaming. That it wasn’t just a nightmare. The four walls surrounding me shook me to reality. I really was in jail. Like a trapped animal. Helpless, despondent, hopeless. But a trapped animal fights, scrapes, and tries to claw his way out. He doesn’t give up easily. I pounded on the wood door with my fists, hands, feet, arms, anything I could use.
“Help me!!,” I yelled. “Pleeease help me! I didn’t do anything wrong!”
Suddenly, I hear the cracking of wood under footsteps heading my way. And then, he looks into square hole carved into the door of my cell.
“What’s all the commotion back here?!,” he said.
I move closer to the door.
“Sir, why am I in here? I don‘t understand?”
“You’ll find out as soon as the clergymen visit you.”
“Clergymen? Why are they visiting me? I don’t wanna talk to them!”
I was confused, annoyed.
“Quit asking questions and just behave or you’ll get three lashes.”
“Please, just let me outta here and I’ll leave your town now and never come back. I promise. Pleeease! Please mister,” I said.
He ignores me and walks away. I stick my head out the square hole to see where he walks to. He walks behind a wall and out of site. Suddenly it dawns on me. I was able to stick my head out of the square hole. I then wondered if I could wriggle my way through the hole. My heart started racing with excitement as I had figured out my escape plan.
I had to figure out a way to prop myself up off the floor. I look over and see that a wood plank on the wall was slightly off set. It stuck out enough to where I could get a little of my foot on it. I stepped up onto it. I was now propped up off the floor enough to where I could possibly finagle my way through the hole. I grabbed the outside of the hole with my hands. I then put my head through it. I started pushing with my hands, trying to slowly push my way out. I started sweating profusely as I was slowly, but surely making headway. I had now gotten my shoulders through. I wriggled a little more, braced more fall and boom! I hit the floor. I had done it! I got up and started running as fast as I could. And suddenly he appeared.
He was dressed in all black, of course. All the men in the villages dressed in black. He was an unusually tall man. The tallest man I had ever seen, anyways. He was skinny and had arms so long, they never stopped. He was an older man with pure gray hair and a thick beard. He had pale white skin, with deep seated wrinkles populating his weathered face. His voice was booming and carried for miles. And now, he had me in his grasp.
“How did you get out of there?!”
I notice that familiar face again.
“I’m not telling you! I’ll never tell you!”
I kick and flail and even bite his arm, to no avail. There’s a reason he’s the jailer. Those long arms are hard to escape.
He throws me back into my cell and slams the door shut.
“If the clergy wasn’t on their way, I’d give you ten lashings right now little girl! You won’t escape again, that’s for sure. Nobody escapes my jail! I’ll make sure I watch you like a hawk this time.”
I lay down on the hard wooden floor, exhausted from the struggle. I was so close, I could taste it. I pondered what I could’ve done differently. I should’ve juked around him, I thought. But there was no way around him with his long outstretched arms blocking the whole escape route. I should’ve kicked him. But then he still could’ve reached out and grabbed me. It was no use. I failed and wondering what if wasn’t going to change anything.
I got up off the floor and wiped the dirt off of my tattered dress. I had a newfound sense of determination. If I couldn’t escape I thought, I was at least going to make his life miserable. I would be the most rebellious, difficult, dangerous trapped animal he had ever encountered.
“I’m hungry! I want food! Give me food now! Give me food now! Give me food now! Give me foo--”
“Shut up! Shut up now girl!”
“I will get you food, but take it easy on my old ears!”
I could clearly tell he was agitated by my yelling. He walks away to retrieve my food.
“I want water! I want water now! Give me water! Give me water now! Give me water now! Give me wat--”
“I’ll get ya water, but stop your yelling!”
His face is red with annoyance.
He hands me a piece of bread and a bowl of porridge.
“I want a bigger piece of bread!”
“You’re the prisoner. I tell you what to do, not the other way around! If I hear one more peep outta you, you’ll get 20 lashes! You hear me girl?”
“But I want a bigger piece of bread!”
I start screaming as only a teenage girl can scream. The piercing sound of my scream echoes through the whole dwelling. I screamed so loud and for so long, my head was hurting.
“Alright girl! I’ll get ya a piece of bread. Just stop yelling and I’ll get a bigger piece of bread.”
I hear him mumbling to himself as he walks away. I hear other prisoners moving around, restless from all the sudden commotion. I snickered as he walked away. The first smile I had cracked in quite some time.
A few minutes later, I hear him walking back towards my way. Only now, I hear multiple footsteps. I stick my head out the hole and see three other men along with him. Two of the men are dressed in perfectly pressed black clothes with wide-rimmed black hats. I noticed they both had metal crosses in their hands and each carried a Bible. The third gentleman was an elderly man with pure gray hair and beard, thin and fragile looking and walked in a hunchback sort of way. I assumed he was one of the town aldermen.
The jailer’s face appears in the hole.
“Here’s your bread.”
He reaches through the hole and hands it to me.
“You better enjoy your time now because come tonight, my whip is gonna get a workout!”
He opens the door. In walk the two clergymen and the town alderman.
“Watch her like a hawk gentlemen. She’s a live one!,” he said.
“Will do, Mr. Wilsey,” said the town alderman.
So that’s his name. The three of them look in my direction, cramped like sardines in my little box. The first clergyman reaches out to try to shake my hand.
“My name is Reverend Meyers,” he said.
I whip my hand away.
“What is your name, young lady?”
“None of your business!,” I said.
He takes a step back, astonished at what he just heard.
“Young lady, you are not to disrespect your elders like this!”
As he continued yelling and lecturing at me, while I continually ignored him, I noticed that they left had yet to close the door. The other Reverend had stood to the side of my cell, the town alderman, to the other side and rambling Reverend in front of me, partially blocking the door. This was my chance. It was now or never. My eyes quickly moved back and forth from the Reverend to the gap of space, so as not to make it obvious what my intentions were. I surveyed my escape route in this manner, attempting to make sure it was possible to squeeze through there. I couldn’t get it wrong this time, so I made sure I thought things through and planned my escape more thoroughly this time around.
My heart was racing. My face was hot. My hands were shaking with nervousness. I quickly glanced at my escape route one last time. I purposely dropped the piece of bread I had in my hands onto the floor. I crouched down, knees bent, slowly reached out my arm, picked up the piece of bread and made a run for it. I felt his hand swipe the top of my head as I ran through the small gap of space he had left between him and the opened door. It was a desperate attempt to grab me by anything, even my hair, as I made my escape. But it was no use. He was unprepared for what had just happened and his reflexes were just not quick enough.
The wood floor shook with the pounding of footsteps from the three men running after me.
“She’s escaping! Mr. Wilsey, get her!”
There were a few feet between me and the door. This time, Mr. Wilsey wasn’t so fast and his long arms finally failed him as he tried to reach out for me. He was so caught off guard, he couldn’t react in time. I’m sure he thought there was no way I could escape with three men standing in my cell talking with me. Besides, he probably thought I wasn’t stupid enough to try to escape again. He thought wrong. A trapped animal is a dangerous animal. And I was a dangerous animal.








Chapter 20
I started gathering leaves and piling them up. I gathered a lot more this time, knowing it was going to be a lot colder that night. I laid some on the ground and then the rest would cover me to keep me warm. I had found the same old big tree to sleep beside. I knew that big old tree would keep me safe and hidden. And on that day, that night, safety and security was what I needed.
I walked down to the creek and scooped a few handfuls of water to drink. All that running had made me thirsty. And it was my only chance. That night was going to be busy, I knew. And I wouldn’t have time to visit the creek again.
There wasn’t much I could do until nightfall. I had to stay in the woods and I couldn’t be making much noise because I knew by then, probably half the town was after me. I went back to my bed of leaves by the big old tree and laid down hoping I would fall asleep until nightfall came.
I woke up to the sound of owls screeching in the night woods. They startled me out of my nice sleep. It was time to wake up anyway though. I stretched my arms, rubbed my eyes to clear my grogginess and stood up. I slowly started walking through the woods back towards town trying not to make much noise. At the edge of the woods, I peered out over the town, making sure nobody was around. It was pitch black dark, so I couldn’t be completely sure. But all I heard were the screeching owls and the sound of horses chewing at the grass. I think I was good.
I stepped out into the open air of the town. With the safety of the woods behind me, I now felt vulnerable. I literally tiptoed my way over to Rachel’s house. As I made my way behind her house, I sat on the ground for a moment to soothe my toes away from the withering pain they were experiencing from my tiptoeing journey.
I gingerly knocked on the window to the room where she slept. It was risky as I didn’t want to wake up the rest of her family. I saw the outline of somebody getting up and lighting a candle. I slid over out of view from the window, so as not to be seen. I had my back against the wooden logs of the house, ready to make my escape, if needed. The door slowly creaked open and an arm slowly made its out the door, candle in hand. It wasn’t a long arm. Or a big arm. Or a big hand, for that matter. I then knew it was Rachel.
“Rachel. It’s me. Isabel.”
“What are you doing here, this late at night?” she said.
“Rachel, I need your help.”
“But it’s late and I have school tomorrow. Can’t it wait until morning?”
I could tell she was confused and a little annoyed about being awakened from her sleep. I felt bad, but I had no choice.
“There’s no time to wait. Rachel, you know the woman I told you about? Ms. Patterson?”
“Yea. That woman you always talk to right?”
“She’s in danger and I need your help. She’s in the town jail. I know she’s in there. I only saw her face in passing, but I know it was--”
“Jail?! You’re trying to help a criminal escape from jail? Isabel, have you lost your marbles?!”
“Rachel, it’s not what you think.”
“Oh, it’s exactly what I think. You might be my best friend Isabel, but there’s limits to what I’ll do for you and this is one of them. No mam. I’m not touching this with a ten foot pole.”
“Rachel, can I be honest with for a second?”
“Well, I guess.”
“Rachel, I’m jealous of you. Not in a bad way. I’m just jealous of what you have.”
It wasn’t coming out right. I took a deep breath to refocus my thoughts.
“What I meant to say is that I wish I had a family like yours. A mother and father that cares about you and loves you.”
“But, I don’t understand Isabel? Your parents are out there working hard. You said so yourself. That means they love you and care about you, wouldn’t you think? Or they wouldn’t be doing what they’re doing.”
“Rachel, my parents aren’t out there doing anything. Oh sure, they’re probably concerned about me, but if they were so concerned, they’d have the whole town of Salem out trying to find me by now.”
“I don’t understand Isabel. You said--”
“I know what I said. But it’s not true. My parents aren’t out there looking for stuff. They’re not even here. I lied, okay?”
“But why? I mean, why’d you lie to me?”
“It’s a long story. I’ll tell ya some other time. But the point I’m trying to make is, Ms. Patterson is my mother. Oh, not my real mother. But she’s been more of a mother than my real mother has ever been. And I don’t know what I’d do without her. She’s there whenever I need her. She was there when I was at my lowest point and needed somebody to talk to. Somebody to cry to. Somebody to just hug me and show that they cared. And now it’s my turn. My turn to be there for her when she needs it the most. Rachel, please, I’m begging you, please help me get her out of there. She’s the only person I have left who truly understands what I’m going through.”
Her shoulders sagged. She looked towards the ground. Instead of her arms being crossed like before, her heels dug in, the tough exterior she had put on before was now gone. I think it worked.
“I can’t believe I’m doing this. And I’m probably gonna really get it from Mother and Father when it’s all said and done. Isabel, I’ll help you. But if I get in trouble, I’m blaming it all on you! So, how are we going to do this? What’s your plan?”
“Well, I don’t have one yet. That’s where you’re gonna help me! We have to put our heads together and think of something. It won’t be easy, but we can do it.”
“Isabel, for your sake and mine, I sure hope so.”
“I know so.”










Chapter 21
I lay down on my pile of leaves and threw the rest over me to keep me warm. By that time, I knew the location of my little spot in the woods like the back of my hand. Even in the pitch black darkness. I felt confident that night as I laid my head onto the cold, hard ground. We had a good plan and there was no way it would fail. It made for a good night of sleep.
I woke up that morning to rain drops hitting my face. Not big rain drops that hurt when they hit your skin. But the small ones that are just enough to make it miserable. I stood up and tried to wipe some of the mud that was now coating my clothes. I definitely slept well that night, considering I didn’t feel one rain drop hitting me. I was a little concerned about the rain hindering our escape out of town. I tried to think of ways around it, but I came up with nothing. I obviously couldn’t stop the rain and based on the cloud cover I saw, it didn’t look like it was going to end anytime soon. So I knew we would just have to deal with it. If we made it that far, we certainly weren’t going to let a little bit of rain stop us.
I said a little prayer that morning before I embarked on my risky adventure. Although I prided myself on being a strong, independent young lady that didn’t need help from anybody, that day, I felt like I needed a miracle to happen. And despite all of her help, I doubted Rachel could perform miracles.
I walked towards the edge of the woods to meet up with Rachel. I saw her standing there just outside the woods.
“Hi Rachel.”
It was early morning and the town was bustling with people. And amongst all those people, I’m sure some of them were specifically on the hunt for me. I had to be careful not to be seen or heard.
“Are you ready to do this?,” I said.
“As ready as I’ll ever be.”
I put my hand on her shoulder.
“You’ll be just fine. Rachel, again, you don’t know how grateful I am for your help in all of this. You’re one of the best friends I have ever had and an even better person. Don’t let anybody ever tell you differently.”
“I’m gonna miss you Isabel. I really am. Hopefully, when all this stuff finally blows over, you can come back to visit.”
“I will do whatever it takes to make it back here.”
And from that, we hugged and said our goodbyes. The last goodbye I’d say to her.
I ran over behind a cabin. I then ran over behind another cabin. And another until I finally found a good vantage point to clearly see the jail. Rachel slowly walked into the door and was met by the tall, lanky guy with the long arms.
“Stop right there! Just what is some young lady like you coming inside this place for? This is no place for a pretty young lady like you. Now you just run along home now. Cause this isn’t the place for you. ”
“I’m sorry Sir. I don’t mean to intrude, but I wondered if I could visit somebody in here?”
“Visit somebody? Why would you wanna visit these people? They’re all criminals you know. Bad people. Nobody that somebody like yourself should be talking to. They’re no good. They’ll get inside your head and make ya do bad--”
“But Sir, my Aunt is in there and I just want to see her. I haven’t seen her in so long and she’s really been on my mind lately and I just want to see her just this once.”
“Oh. Well, I run a tight ship in this place. Got to when you’re dealing with these animals in here. So there’ll be no tricks or horsing around in here, you hear me girl?”
“Yes Sir, I do. I’ll only be a few minutes. And I just want to hug her and tell her how much I love her, that’s all. Her name is Ms. Patterson.”
“Follow me then.”
I saw him take Rachel back to her area. He unlocked the wooden door and let Rachel in. He then closed the wooden door after he left.
“You get five minutes,” he said.
“Ok Sir. Again, thank you very much.”
Rachel slowly approaches the frail looking woman and looks straight into her eyes. She puts her hand on Ms. Patterson’s shoulder.
“Hi, my name is Rachel.”
“Nice to meet you Rachel, but I don’t think I know you.”
“You remember Isabel, right?”
“Well of course! Do you know her? How is she doing? I would love to see her again, if I could ever get outta here. This place is terrible! I’ve been locked up in here like an animal for who knows how long and I don’t know why. They just snatched me up and threw me in here for no reason. I don’t even know this town.”
“I’m sorry to hear that. But we’re gonna get you outta here.”
“Who’s we?”
“Isabel and I.”
“Isabel?! Isabel is here?!”
“Shhh! Don’t speak so loudly. Here’s what we’re gonna do. Isabel is out there hiding right now. We’re gonna escape this place. Well, you are anyways.”
“But the man. The guard. We’ll never get by him. He’s mean and ruthless and look how big he is.”
“Don’t worry. He wants Isabel more than you. You see, he never lets anybody escape. But she did. She was one of the few who escaped. And he’ll never let that go. He’ll be looking for her until the day he dies. Once we start heading towards that door, she’s gonna distract him. He’ll start chasing after her, forget about us, and there’s our chance to escape. You got it?”
“Oh, but I do! It’s perfectly clear. My dear Isabel. That brave girl.”
“Are you ready?”
“I am more than ready!”
Rachel opened the door and I see her and Ms. Patterson start walking towards the tall lanky man. My heart was pounding out of my chest and I had butterflies in my stomach. I knew this was my cue.
“Stop right there! What do you think you’re doing young lady?” He stands up to go put her back in her cell.
“Hey you ugly old man! You looking for me? Here I am!”
“It‘s you! You know what we do to escapees, don’t you girl? We hang them!”
I start running and he starts running after me. I look back and see Ms. Patterson and Rachel run out. Rachel throws a stick at him, but it doesn’t deter him.
“Run Isabel, run!,” Rachel said.
I ran as fast as I can with Ms. Patterson not far behind.
“Come on Ms. Patterson! Run as fast as you can!“
“I’m trying my dear!”
The old man didn’t get very far before he stopped, headed back to town and grabbed a few more townsmen to help him. But it was too late. We were out of town and into the woods. We were in my territory now. I knew those woods. I’m sure those men hunted the woods and knew them well, but I bet they didn’t know all the nooks and crannies of them like I did. They didn’t spend days in them either.
“We’re safe now Ms. Patterson. They can’t find us in here. But we have to keep moving and get back to Salem as quickly as possible. They’ll be hunting for us.”
“Isabel, how did you know? How did you know where I was, that I was in there?”
“It’s a long story. I don’t have time to tell you right now. But I will. Some day I will.”
I could tell Ms. Patterson was weak and tired. I was concerned she wouldn’t be able to make it back to Salem. Not the way we were going, anyways. If we were walking on the vast fields back to Salem, it wouldn’t be an issue. But walking through the woods was more backbreaking and treacherous, with much energy expended.
“Isabel, I don’t know if I can make it. I haven’t eaten in days. I’ve barely slept. I’m weak, I’m tired and all I want to do is just lie down and not get back up for days.”
“Ms. Patterson, that’s not an option! You have to keep going, even if I have to carry you on my back.”
I knew I couldn’t, but I had to keep her motivated somehow.
“In a few hours, you’ll be back home. Think about it Ms. Patterson. You’ll be back at your own home, safe and free to sleep as long as you want. You just have to push through. We can do it. Just one step at a time.”
“I’ll do the best I can Isabel. That’s all I can offer.”
That’s all I needed to hear. We slowly, but surely continued to wind our way through the woods, inching ever closer to home. The town I was so desperate to escape was now the town I was so desperate to arrive.

















Chapter 22
“Home Isabel! It’s my home!,” she said.
She rubbed her fingers along the wood logs that made up her home. Unfortunately, I was afraid what lay just inside those worn wood logs would change her emotions completely.
She slowly opened the old creaky wood door and stepped inside.
“Ms. Patterson, I wanted to warn you before hand.”
“About what?”
I was caught completely off guard by her question.
“Isabel, this can all be cleaned up, repaired, even thrown away. These are just things. Feel this Isabel.”
She takes my hand and places it on the big wooden rocking chair, or what was left of it.
“This is just wood. Wood that you can find right out my front door. Thousands of pieces of it. But we Isabel, we are people. We can’t be replaced. You and I can’t just walk out my front door and grab another Isabel or another Ms. Patterson. We are it.”
She points to the floor.
“All this stuff? It can be replaced. We can’t Isabel. We can’t be replaced.”
Right then and there, it hit me. I was so concerned about all the broken “stuff” in her house that I completely forgot what mattered most. That after all the trials and tribulations we had been through, we were still here. And unlike that “stuff” scattered all over the floor, we weren’t broken, but together.
I spent the next few hours helping Ms. Patterson clean up her home and make it livable again. We kept what we thought could be repaired and threw out what couldn’t. We stacked all the firewood back neatly into the corner, swept up all the glass and debris and rolled some tree stumps into her house to use as chairs until she could build more furniture. After everything was cleaned up, we sat on the stumps to rest.
“Tell me what happened Isabel. You know you are safe here with me now and you can tell me anything. What did they do to you?”
“It was terrible. They tried to throw me in jail. I didn’t know what for. But I escaped. I hid wherever I could. At one point during that night, I hid in the town hall building, thinking they would never look in there. And I saw it. I saw the sign hanging on the wall. That I was a wanted girl. For witchcraft. For being a witch. I knew I had to get out of Salem, so I ran away and never looked back. I ran away to Ipswich, thinking I would be safe. And I was for a while. Oh Ms. Patterson, it was like a whole different world in Ipswich. People were kinder, non-judgmental, went about their business and left me alone. I met a nice girl named Rachel, who became my best friend. But it was too good to be true. Some townsfolk started to get suspicious about some young strange new girl suddenly showing up in their town. And one day, a woman started asking me questions about why I wasn’t in school and where my parents were and all that. I got spooked and ran away. She screamed bloody murder for help. The whole town heard her and they snatched me up and threw me in jail.”
“So that was you I saw Isabel?”
“Yes, that was me.”
“I was so sure it was, but being so short on sleep and deprived of food, I just thought I wasn’t in my right mind and was just seeing things.”
“And I saw you too Ms. Patterson. I just knew it was you and I had to get you out of there. That’s when me and my new friend Rachel hatched a plan for your escape.”
“And I am so grateful for that Isabel. I don’t know how to repay you.”
“Just being here is enough for me Ms. Patterson. That’s all I need.”
“So what about you Ms. Patterson? What happened? How did your home get ransacked and end up imprisoned all the way over in Ipswich?”
“They came during the night. I was sound asleep, only to be awoken by them pulling me outta my bed and dragged across the floor. I asked what was happening, why this was happening. They didn’t say much. Only that I was a witch and that I was to be sentenced to death.”
“But how’d you end up in Ipswich?”
“They wanted me banished from Salem until it was time for my final judgment. Said I would be a bad influence on Salem, particularly the children, even if I was behind bars. So they hauled me off to Ipswich.”
“That’s terrible. People can be so cruel, so heartless. But you don’t seem bitter. You almost seem happy.”
“What’s there to be bitter about Isabel? I’m home, I’m alive. That’s all I need. I can’t remain bitter or I would just sit here and rot in bitterness, never moving forward. I have work to do, children to teach at Sunday school, a whole life still left to live. Tomorrow, I will be out in those woods cutting logs to rebuild my furniture. How could I do that if I just sat here day after day after day, remaining bitter? Besides, as people, we have to be able to forgive others. You will learn, as you have already learned, that people aren‘t perfect and do some nasty things. But if you can‘t find it in your heart to forgive, if you remain bitter and nasty to the people who did whatever terrible things they did to you, are you really any better than them?”
“I guess not really. But it’s hard. It’s hard to forgive the townspeople of Salem that gossiped and accused and pointed and treated you like they did. It’s hard to forgive the clergymen. I mean, how can a few people influence the mindset of the whole town? I mean, the town clergymen are supposed to be men of God, a shining light of hope amongst evil, but instead they were the source of the evil! Their words had so much power. So much power that when those words came out of their mouths, they had the power to kill innocent men, women and children for nothing.”
“Isabel, it’s a shame that you’ve had to see this side of people at such a young age and I feel for you. But as you go along in life, you will found out that what you have seen in Salem these last few months is nothing new. That people are easily influenced by the words of the few and that those few, when given the power to do so, can create untold havoc and chaos. And this is why Isabel, you are very blessed. You were born with a strong, independent mind that doesn’t follow the flock just because everybody else says too. You are able to think for yourself and come up with your own ideas and opinions. And that’s truly a gift to be thankful for, because as you’ve seen, not too many people have that gift. That, my dear, has been useful to you now and will be useful for you in your adult life.”
“I don’t know. Sometimes I wonder if this gift is more of a curse than a blessing. Look where it got me!”
“Look where it got you Isabel! You are here. You are safe. You are alive! Do you think you would be here today if you just let them throw you in jail without a fight? You knew you weren’t a witch and that you were innocent and you were going to do whatever it took to not let them get their way. If you would’ve just let them drag you into jail and went along with the judge’s sentence without a fight, you wouldn’t be here right now Isabel.”
I had a lump in my throat the size of a boulder after she said that. Not because it was wrong, because it was so true. I looked back at what could’ve been and it frightened me. At that time, I realized it was now time for me to get home. It was my turn to face the people who did me wrong. And in turn, try my hardest to forgive. Just like Ms. Patterson did.
I hugged her goodbye and headed out the door. How my journey home would end was unknown. Maybe they had forgiven. Maybe not. Maybe Salem had changed in the months I’d been gone. No more trials. No more people falsely accused. No more witchcraft hysteria. Maybe not. Maybe my family would welcome me home with open arms after frantically searching for me for months. Maybe not. But I would soon found out, for better or worse.








Chapter 23
It was a long journey home that day from Ms. Patterson‘s house. Probably because I was anxious to get back. Anxious because I actually missed my family. I actually missed going to school. I missed skipping rocks in the creek. I missed a warm place to sleep! And amazingly, I missed Salem. For all of it’s’ faults, it was the place I‘d spent most of my life. Where memories and friends were made. It was the place I was familiar with and felt the most comfortable. And now, I could see it in the distance.
I picked up my pace, almost running at one point, as Salem awaited with open arms to welcome me home. The smells became familiar. The scenery became familiar. Even the taste of the air became familiar. And then suddenly, two boys came walking out of the woods ahead of me. And they definitely were familiar!
I raised my fist in the air.
“Which one of you should I beat up first!”
“Isabel, it’s you! Where’ve you been?,” said Mathew.
I started towards him, fists in the air. He kept walking backwards as I approached him.
“Don’t act all nice to me! You did this! You’re the one who caused this whole mess! It’s all your fault and now I’m gonna take care of it!”
“But wait! Wait Isabel! I told them. I told them that you weren’t a witch. That I made it all up. I’m sorry. I’m sorry for what I did.”
I came to a screeching halt and slowly lowered my fists.
“Why’d you do it Mathew? I thought we were friends. Why?”
And then I looked towards William.
“And you too William. It’s your fault too. Why? Why’d ya do it?”
“I got caught up in it all. Both of us did Isabel,” said Mathew.
“I really didn’t believe in witches or witchcraft. Neither of us did. But we couldn’t say that to anybody. If we did, then they’d all think we were one of them. Then who knows what would’ve happened to us. Again, I’m sorry. We’re sorry. We lied to them to keep ourselves out of trouble, but we didn’t think of how it would affect you or Ms. Patterson.”
I looked at Mathew straight in the eyes. He seemed genially sorry. Genuinely remorseful. I then looked over at William, who was staring at the ground, in shame. That’s all I was looking for, really. Then I thought of what Ms. Patterson had told me. That as much as I wanted to, I couldn’t remain bitter for the rest of my life. That as painful as it was, I had to forgive.
“You guys don’t even know how what you did affected me. They tried to throw me in jail. I ran away. I had to. They were after me and I couldn’t stay here. I slept in the woods, at night. I went days without food or a warm place to sleep. When I finally made it to Ipswich, they eventually threw me in jail there too. And I saw Ms. Patterson in there. They threw her in jail here in Salem, but took her over there because they didn’t want her bad influence here in Salem. I escaped and eventually got Ms. Patterson out of there. They were going to hang her. And they would’ve eventually done the same to me. You two could’ve gotten us killed for nothing. I’ll never forget what you guys did. But I have to forgive. Because I got my whole life ahead of me. And I’m still here. And in the end, that’s truly the only thing that matters.”
I reached out my hand to Mathew.
“Friends?”
He reaches out his hand and grabs mine.
“Friends”
“By the way, you’d be happy to know Isabel that all that witch and witchcraft nonsense is over now,” said William.
“What’d you mean?”
“You remember old Mr. Jentson? You know, the wealthy guy who thought he was the king of Salem and he could do no wrong?”
“Ha! Oh do I!”
“Well, his granddaughter was accused of being a witch and taken to trial. Well, old Mr. Jentson didn’t believe it and demanded a doctor be allowed to examine her. Turns out, the hallucinations and strange way she was acting wasn’t because she was some witch but because of something in the food she ate that day. They eventually let her go. The doctor’s conclusions eventually made people wonder if all those women that were hanged were innocent. The town aldermen eventually got together and decided that it wasn’t witchcraft that was to blame for the strange behavior, but bad food. There was uproar amongst the townsfolk. They protested for days. Even burnt down the town hall building and caused the towns aldermen to leave town for fear of being killed. Even the clergymen of Salem weren’t spared. They were accused of murdering all those women for nothing and then were put on trial themselves. New town aldermen were elected and officially declared there were no witches in Salem and that witchcraft and witches were not real things.”
“So innocent people were killed for no reason. Just as I suspected all along.”
We all three walked home together, talking and pondering and even stopping to skip rocks in the creek. But for all the walking we did, I couldn’t quite walk off what William had just told me. And it turns out, I never really would walk it off. It would stick with me like a freckle sticks to skin. I didn’t always notice it was there, but it would never ever go away.


















Chapter 24
I didn’t know how it was going to turn out that day as I approached my home. Did my family miss me all this time? Did they give me a second thought? Did they even worry about me? All questions I pondered as I opened up the door.
“Isabel?! Isabel?! Is that you?”
She hugged me so tight, I couldn’t breathe.
“Where have you been all this time?,” she said.
“Mother, it doesn’t matter now. I’m home. That’s all I care about.”
She didn’t press me to know more. Not at that moment anyways. And I was glad. 	Yes, I wanted to tell her that I felt neglected and my family didn’t love me. That I was a hunted woman at one time and they had no clue. That their daughter could have been killed. But I didn’t. That would have to wait. Because right now, as my family gathered around me, showering me with more attention than I had ever received in all of my fifteen years, I felt loved. I felt wanted. I felt cared for.
I would eventually have that conversation with them one day. They said they had so much on their plate, raising a family, tending to the home and the fields, trying to just survive, that I may have felt like they were forgetting about me. But they weren’t. They of course, loved me and cared for me just as much as the others. I understood. Because life was a struggle back then. I remember Father going days without a kill and wondering how he was going to feed his family. I remember Mother worrying if the crops would survive yet another hot, dry summer. I remember me worrying about my Father out there tending to the homestead in the harsh New England winters. But we always pulled through one way or another. One day, one month, one season at a time.
With a family of my own now, I look back on those days and just smile at the memories. For all the bad, there were just as many good that came from those struggles. Many life lessons were learned and they helped me become the person I am today. For now, I can take those lessons and impart them into my own children and one day, my grandchildren. I would never wish the things I went through on anybody. But I would never take them back. I would rather have gone through them than to see my own children go through them. And that’s the way it should be.
You’ll have to excuse me now. I have five children to feed. And five to give my undivided attention. Lesson learned.











