Evince Me

Book One:
Monhegan Moonlight Trilogy

By: Lili Lam

Smashwords Editions

Copyright © 2012 Lili Lam


This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, organizations, or persons living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
Table of Contents
Chapter 1: Summer Fun
Chapter 2: Run In
Chapter 3: Mondo
Chapter 4: Taken
Chapter 5: Captivity
Chapter 6: Vision
Chapter 7: Redemption
Chapter 8: Brand New
Chapter 9: Think Before Speaking
Chapter 10: Agree to Disagree
Chapter 11: Home
Chapter 12: Birthday with a Bang!
Chapter 13: Duty Calls
Chapter 14: Jealousy vs. Anger
Chapter 15: Anniversary
Chapter 16: Thomaston
Chapter 17: Pleasant Surprise
Chapter 18: Overprotective
Chapter 19: What in the…?
Chapter 20: The Truth
Chapter 21: Love Conquers All
Chapter 22: Distortion
Chapter 23: The Beginning
Chapter 1: Summer Fun


Lise's POV

Definition of Evince: to show clearly; make evident or manifest; prove.

2 Years 10 Months Later...

Royalty, a seven-letter word, that when mentioned makes one think of status, dignity, or power. A person with such a rank is looked at to be a role model of sorts for others. Sure I'm a Princess who comes from a lineage of royal blood, but almost three years later I'm still just regular old me, Annalise Nina Foster Perez.

Yes, I changed my name keeping Annalise Foster and just adding the name Nina and Perez. It can be confusing at times, but I was dead set on keeping Annalise as my first name. Wanting to honor my birth mother that died saving my life, I kept her name as my middle.

My brothers Rico and Alonso have gotten accustomed to calling me Lise. The only person that calls me Analia is my second dad, Alpha Perez. Old habits are hard to break I suppose, but it's ok with me since he usually calls me princesa or nena.

It took some getting used to, but mom and dad have grown to accept the world of werewolves around us. Mom thought the idea of having a mate and me becoming future Luna of the pack was absolutely adorable, note the eye roll. She's such a hopeless romantic and I wouldn't have her any other way.

The lot of us just finished our second year of college at UMaine and we absolutely loved it. We're all going to the same University, Anya included...so you know that spells trouble. I'll be nineteen this month and Tristan will be twenty-one in August, which is also when we'll be celebrating our three-year anniversary together…eek!

We rented a house close to campus for the past two years, but now that Tristan's becoming Alpha we needed to say goodbye to all of this and move back home to Port Clyde. Don't get me wrong, I was grateful for the chance of being allowed to branch out and experience a bit of life. I only wished I was able to finish college at UMaine, but since duty calls we'll have to transfer closer to home.

Speaking of duties, I was terrified of the future. I wasn't prepared for the whirlwind of responsibilities that lie ahead and all the supposed dangers that come along with it. Before being thrown to the wolves...so to say, we're spending the summer in Spain!
Guess it'll be our last bit of fun before getting serious and taking on our newfound responsibilities as Alpha and Luna. I kept my initial promise to Alonso and returned the summer after graduating high school. Luke, Anya, Tristan, and I have spent the last two summers there, having fallen in love with it.

"The two of you think you packed enough or you want to go and get a few more suitcases?" Luke huffed sarcastically, while loading our luggage into the back of Tristan's Navigator. Gee, the way he was growling and grunting you'd think he was a simple human and not a strong wolf.

I glanced over my shoulder from the passenger seat at Anya who was sitting in the back with a coy smile. What? We're going away for the entire summer. A girl can never pack too many outfits, you always have to make sure you pack comfy clothes, sleepwear, dressy outfits, and let's not forget the accessories and necessities. Don't even get me started on the footwear, that is a suitcase in itself.

"Nah, I think we're good with three suitcases each, we actually packed light this time." Anya chuckled evilly. You'd think we were both royalty, the way we were sitting pretty waiting on the guys to load our belongings. Besides, they're the ones who insisted we didn't lift a finger.

I couldn't help the snigger that escaped my lips, Anya's such a smartass. I don't know how Luke deals with her for such long periods of time. Then again doesn't the saying go 'birds of a feather flock together?' They're two of a kind.

Allowing my eyes to wander around the place I've called home, I was trying to commit it all to memory until my gaze came to a stop on Tristan. He was standing off to the side speaking to the guys loading up the moving truck with our stuff to go back to Port Clyde.
My body temperature immediately started rising causing the palms of my hands to perspire. Dammit, after all this time he still has a wild effect over me. Just simply looking at him makes my upper lip sweat, he is so freaking sexy!

"You good bro?" Tristan's deep voice bellowed as he turned our way noticing Luke's hissy fit and smirked at me. Fudgsicle sticks, he caught me perving on him as usual! This isn't anything out of the ordinary, his handsome face entrances me at least ten times on a daily basis.

My only reaction was to smile in response as my cheeks heated up, flushing an embarrassing pinkish hue. What else could I do? Every time his smoky gray eyes focused on me, I managed to forget my own name.

"Yea, I think I finally got it." Luke breathed dramatically closing the trunk and hopping in the back seat behind me. "Let's get this show on the road!" He hollered clapping his hand together excitedly.

Jumping into the driver's seat Tristan turned on the truck and leaned over the center console planting a kiss on my cheek. "Enjoy the view?" He whispered playfully in my ear causing the hairs on the back of my neck to stand at attention.

Keeping my eyes trained forward I shrugged my shoulders and feigned indifference. "Yea, the movers were pretty hot, right Anya?" Before I could turn my head to flash her my cheesiest smile, Tristan's hands found their way to my side tickling the life out of me.

"What was that?" Tristan growled jokingly as he relentlessly continued on with his form of punishment. "I suggest you change your comment before I get out and beat 'em up, then our stuff will never make it back home." He let out a hearty chuckle.

Even if I wanted to apologize, I couldn't due to the fact that I wasn't able to breathe properly. I always hated being so damn ticklish. Just a simple poke at my side and a fit of giggles would escape my lips. "I-I...I'm not sorry." I gasped through breaths.

Tristan's eyes widened in surprise at my response as he suddenly stopped tickling me all together and straightened up in his seat. Using his left hand to slowly reach for the door handle my own eyes opened in surprise as I suddenly realized what he was going to do, beat those poor innocent movers up.

Grabbing a hold onto his arm quickly, I shouted in defeat. "Ok...ok. I'm sorry! The movers aren't hot." I said holding up my hands in surrender. "No need to go fight them."

Tristan smirked at me while shifting the car into gear and pulling off onto the road towards the airport. "That's more like it." He smiled victoriously turning on the radio and then taking my hand into his. All the while Luke and Anya were occupied in a challenging game of words with friends on their Iphones.

"I meant to say the movers aren't just hot, they were smokin'!" I let loose a giggle, I always have to win. Mind games are my specialty. Tristan's lips tugged in the cutest little frown causing me to feel a little guilty for teasing him. It's just too fun to see him get so jealous, mean of me I know. "Aww, I'm just kidding." I gave in lifting his hand to my lips and placing a kiss on the back of it. "You know I only have eyes for you." We were stopped at a red light, so he quickly leaned over and pecked me quickly on the lips.

"Same here beautiful." Tristan's eyes roamed over my face before he kissed me once more and focused back on the road ahead of us. My lips erupted into an immediate tingling causing me to shiver with chills as the sensation attacked my entire body.

I was literally bouncing in my seat with excitement. I spoke to Rico and Alonso at least once a day on a daily basis, but nothing compares to seeing them in person and being able to hang out with each other. We've become quite the quaint little family. 

Arriving at the Manzanares Pack house, I was so groggy. Tristan's way too comfy for his own good, allowing me to sleep on him the entire plane ride. Dad sent a driver to come and pick us up, because he had some business to attend to with Rico, who's now Alpha and Alonso the beta.

Of course dad still oversees a lot of the things that go on within the pack, he's like a member of council helping out with advice and offering guidance. Now that he doesn't have to deal with the stress of managing a pack, he has more time to do leisurely things like take fishing trips.

Busting through the front door like I was a member of the swat team performing a drug raid, I looked around for any signs of life. What? I've come to consider this as my home away from home, so I had every right to walk up in here like I owned the place.
Being with Tristan has allowed me to break out of my once shy and quiet shell. He's chipped away at the tough exterior helping me develop the self confidence I need to basically tell people off if need be. I guess you can say my attitude was a tamer version of Anya's now.

Instantly I could hear Alonso's angry voice shouting in the living room. "We can't let him get away with this. He's lost his damn mind ever since Mia and it's only going to get worse now that he's Alpha!" What in the heck is going on here?

Tristan automatically pulled me so that I was behind him as the four of us cautiously made our way towards the living room. Can I just say, aww he’s so sweet. He's always looking out for me with even just the littlest things. Like the fact that he wouldn't let me bring the trash to the curb when it got dark out was just humorous.

He has this ridiculous notion that something bad will occur. What could possibly happen to me? I'll trip and fall flat on my face in the walkway or god forbid the trash bag rips spilling out rubbish all over the ground, so tragic!

Peeking around his muscular back, I took in my brothers, my Dad, Juan, and Carlos sitting around the living room table entrapped in a deep conversation. Juan and Carlos are members of our pack, they're actually Alonso and Rico's best friends.

"You have a valid point and I understand your concern, but he hasn't done anything to merit an intervention on our part just yet." Rico spoke in a calm tone. "We can't jump the gun on this, it'll only cause a war." My eldest brother made a remarkable Alpha. Always planning things out and thinking things through thoroughly before acting upon them.

"Rico's right son, intervening prematurely will only cause him to rebel. Technically, it's none of our business how he runs his pack as long as it's not causing harm to any wolves. He hasn't broke any rules" Dad stated agreeing with Rico. "As soon as he takes one step out of line, then we can move in and take over."

"Ok fine, if you consider training his wolves to be ruthless killers, harmless...then by all means wait until he plans an all out attack against us before stepping in!" Alonso exclaimed in disgust as he stood up from the table causing the chair to fall back onto the ground. Maybe we chose to come at a bad time?

Stepping around Tristan the same time Alonso turned around prepared to stomp off, his angry facade turned into one of a huge playful smile as soon as he caught sight of me. It's nice to know he was happy to see me.

Sweeping me into his arms and swinging me around in a full circle, it felt like forever since I've last seen my brother even though they came for a quick visit during Christmas time. "Lise." He breathed excitedly. "Sorry you had to hear that." My big teddy bear apologized.

For some reason Alonso's such a tough guy with everyone one else but when it comes to me, he's a complete softie! "All is good Lonso, I know you only get angry when completely necessary." I answered with a comforting pat to his back. He still had me suspended in the air, my feet dangling a good six inches off the ground.

At that point Rico and Dad stood up along with Juan and Carlos to greet all of us. The mood of the room automatically changed from somber to pleasant. "Nena, we weren't expecting you for another hour or so." Dad said grabbing my face and kissing each cheek affectionately.

I started calling him Dad last year, after sitting down and having a heart to heart talk with him. He took me out on a one of his fishing trips and spent the entire day speaking to me about my Mother and Mia. By the intensity of his voice, I could tell he regretted not being around to save my Mother and did everything in his power to help Mia.

That trip opened up my eyes and made me realize life is too short to spend it bitter at the world for the things that have happened in the past. It was time to move on into the future and not turn back. Only allow happy memories to bring a smile to your face. Don't harp on things you don't have control over.

"Glad you're here squirt." Rico grinned ruffling up my hair causing it to stand up on one side. "Did you guys have a nice flight?" He asked shaking Tristan and Luke's hands after kissing Anya on the cheek. 

"Happy to be here." I winked punching him playfully in the shoulder. "Anything new I should know about...find your mates yet?" My eyebrows raised in question as I stared between the two of my handsome brothers. Neither of them found their mates yet.

Rico and Alonso gave me an identical smirk, "Nah, we don't need women in our lives right now. They'll just complicate things." Alonso joked with a chuckle causing me to narrow my eyes at him in mock anger. Women are great, without us how will men ever function?

"What were you guys talking about?" I queried not meaning to bring up the topic again, but what can I say I'm nosy. I wanted to know what was causing my brother to get so serious and lose his temper?

"We're talking about crazy ass Marco." Alonso responded a look of anger flashing in his eyes as he continued. "He's been training his wolves like they're rogues, turning them into killing machines. Since he's not hurting anyone or breaking any rules we can't do anything."

"Let's not forget about what he's doing to the human girls." Juan chimed in, with a complete look of revulsion washing over his expression. 'What's he doing to human girls?' I thought in horror as my heart began to speed up.

Tristan could somehow sense my alarm, snaking his arm around my shoulder and pulling me closer to his side. He rubbed my upper arm soothingly with his fingers. "What's he doing to the human girls?" Tristan's tone sounded deadly. I gazed up at him from the corner of my eyes and noticed his jaw clenched down, something he does when he's completely pissed off. Tristan still has some bad blood with Marco for all he's done in the past.

"He's going around Spain trying to find anyone and everyone that resembles Mia. Last we heard he's captured two of them." Juan filled us in as he shook his head in disappointment. "Told the council he's conducting an interrogation with them."

What do they mean he's captured two of them? He's still obsessed with the whole Mia thing? "What sort of interrogation?" I wondered out loud staring at my brothers in disbelief. Obviously this had to be against some sort of law, kidnapping maybe?

"It's not kidnapping if the girls went willingly in the first place, little sis." Rico answered calmly. "He hasn't broken any laws. Yes he has them jailed, but he's not mistreating them in any way so nothing can be done."

Why the heck would those girls willingly follow Marco to be imprisoned? I mean ok fine, he's an extremely good-looking guy, but would girls actually agree to being locked up in cells for a handsome face?

"That guy's so far gone, it'll be hard to get him back. It's ashame too because he would've been one hell of an Alpha if he was in the right state of mind." Carlos added causing my Dad, Rico, Alonso and Juan to shake their heads in agreement.

The only thing plaguing my mind was that something seemed awfully fishy about Marco and his entire operation. I kind of got the feeling Tristan felt the same way too. Now that I'm here in Spain, would I have to worry about my safety?
Chapter 2: Run In


"Lise baby, what's wrong?" Tristan's concerned voice broke me out of my stupor as he shook me gently on the shoulders. I looked around realizing everyone in the room was staring at me with worry. How long was I in a trance for? When the heck did Tristan move in front of me without me even noticing?

Taking a deep breath, I nodded my head quickly offering a small smile. "Yea, sorry. Guess I'm just still really tired...jet lag maybe?" I suggested in hopes that they'd believe my lie. I didn't want them knowing I was worried about Marco and his ulterior motives. Something didn't seem right and it wasn't sitting too well with me.

If Tristan had the slightest inkling that I was afraid of Marco kidnapping me, his worrywart ass would have us on the first plane back to Port Clyde. Not wanting to put a damper on anyone's summer vacation, I figured the best thing to do would be suck it up and act as though nothing was bothering me.

Besides, I'm pretty sure my brothers and Dad have this all under control. They wouldn't allow anything to happen to me. Neither would Tristan or Luke for that matter. I planned on enjoying the last possible summer of fun I'd be having before we'd have to return to Port Clyde and commit to our obligations.

Just the thought of all the upcoming responsibilities had me feeling anxious. I wasn't afraid of having to fulfill my duties as Luna, I knew I'd be able to complete them with no questions asked. What worried me was, would I be able to amount to even half the Luna Tristan's mom is currently? Those were some big heels to fill as she set the bar high above the typical Luna standards.

"You look a little tense." Alonso commented as he stood beside me examining my body language. "I could go for a run. Need to get out all my frustration, want to come?" He asked with raised eyebrows. A run sounded like a pretty good idea right about now. I needed to get my mind off things and try to enjoy our time here.

"Sounds like a great idea." I answered glancing up at my brother with an appreciative smile. Sometimes Alonso seemed to understand my own feelings better then I did. "You gonna come with us?" I asked turning my head towards Tristan.

Tristan's eyes twinkled with humor as he looked at me like I just asked the dumbest question in the world. "Of course." He smirked raising an eyebrow at me. Of course he wouldn't let me go off for a run into unfamiliar woods by myself...even if it was with my brothers...how silly of me!

The pitter-patter of my paws against the soft grass echoed in my ears as my eyes scanned the serenity of the forest surrounding the pack house. It's been almost a week since we've shifted and my wolf was itching to frolic around. Luke stayed back at the pack house with Anya and my Dad.

It's ashame she's not a wolf, we'd have so much fun running around like nuts together. 'I wonder if she feels left out?' I thought to myself and made a mental note to discuss it with my best friend as soon as I returned.

Perking my ears up in hopes of hearing any sound I could, giving me a clue as to where these suckers were hiding at...I was only greeted by the tranquil sounds of rushing water and a few birds chirping. I was in the vast forest behind the pack house with Tristan, Rico, Alonso, Juan, and Carlos.

We've been out here for about an hour, initially we just ran around allowing me to release my stress. Then Alonso suggested we play a game of hide and seek. I know real mature of us, but at the time it sounded fun. Can't blame us for wanting to have fun, right? I was having a blast up until the point I was found first by Juan causing me to become the seeker. Blah, it always sucks having to be the one to find everyone. These damn guys are good at hiding, I've been wandering around aimlessly for the past ten minutes with no luck!

Knowing these guys they probably climbed up the freaking trees or something. Or they could have gotten hungry and went back to the house to eat, thinking 'ahh what the hell, she'll still be looking for us until we get back!'

I'll strangle them if they left me out here. Reaching the edge of the water I could feel the dryness of my mouth as I began getting thirsty. It must be the heat combined with the running around that was causing my dehydration.

Cringing slightly, eww I normally wouldn't drink from a river. Who the hell knows what's been in here? Let alone what type of people use this water for a bathroom! I couldn't take it anymore, my tongue felt like sandpaper as I tilted my head downwards.
Ugh, I silently prayed that wolves aren't able to contract diseases as I took a drink of water from the water rushing by. Yuck! I shook my head from side to side immaturely, but I had to admit I instantly felt better.

The snapping of twigs caused me to divert my attention behind me as a huge ball of fur came racing in my direction causing me to freeze on the spot. My eyes widened in fear as I took in the black wolf barreling towards me, but I soon relaxed as I recognized it as Tristan.

OMG is he in danger? Is he running from something chasing him in the woods? Should I run too? 'Prepare yourself for payback!' Tristan's voice grunted evilly into my head. 'For teasing me about the movers.'

What's he doing? He kept advancing on me, I was watching it all unfold in slow motion before I finally realized his intentions. This isn't tag, we're playing hide and seek for goodness sakes! He was totally blowing his cover by coming out from his hiding spot.
'Don't you dare, Tristan!' I mind linked coming to terms with the fact that he was going to pounce on me, but he didn't slow his speed not one bit. There was no time to react before he went airborne and all but playfully tackled me causing us both to go flying into the water.

Ugh great...just great! Now my fur is going to be all over the place, he's so gonna get it! We rolled around until we came to a stop in the shallow water. I stood on all fours and allowed a growl to rumble from deep within my chest cavity, so pissed off he just did that to me.

A wolfy smirk graced Tristan's face as his gray eyes watched me comically. Thought he was so damn funny did he? I'll show him funny. 'You're a dead wolf.' I threatened jokingly as I tried the best I could to snap at him, but he's too damn quick.

Dodging out of the way of my oncoming nip at him, Tristan mused. 'Gonna have to be quicker then that to catch me.' With that though, Tristan bolted off running in the opposite direction he came from. Naturally, me being one to never give up without a fight, I decided to give chase.

I was pleased to find out that since I've shifted and became a she-wolf, my bout of clumsiness has receded and I'm a bit more agile on my feet. I'm not saying I became an Olympian all of a sudden and could run a marathon, but I was no longer athletically challenged which I was grateful for.

'Where's the rest of the boys?' I asked trailing behind Tristan. My tongue was hanging out my mouth as I ran trying to catch up with him. The trees were whizzing past us we picked up speed. At least I can say he's not one of those boyfriend's who lets me win at things, I've never beat him in anything.

I loved that about Tristan, he doesn't give me any special treatment by allowing me to beat him in something unfairly. If I get a win I want to know that I did it fair and square, not a pity win. Tristan believed in order to enjoy a win, one needs to have earned it and I whole-heartedly agreed.

'Rico and Alonso had to go back for an important phone call that came through and Juan and Carlos got hungry.' Tristan answered his pace slowing down drastically. This action should've warned me to slow down, but of course I sped up.

What? These punks left? About how long ago and did they ever plan on letting their little sister know so I could stop wandering around like a moron searching for them?
'How nice of 'em to tell me.' I grumbled, pushing my front legs forward in an attempt to gain some momentum to be able to tackle Tristan to the ground with force. Just as I launched myself into the air to tackle Tristan, he came to a flat out stop.
'Ha, ha, got you now. Told you you're a dead wolf!' I rubbed in victoriously as I watched Tristan standing there, staring towards the woods up ahead. His muzzle was turned upwards sniffing the air. Tristan's ears perked up and his back straightened out as he listened for something intently. What's he listening for?

'Lise baby, NO, Stop!' Tristan's distressed voice echoed over and over again in my head as if on repeat. 'This isn't Manzanares territory anymore!' Why did he sound so worried? What does he mean it's not their territory?

Surprisingly, while watching Tristan I never realized I miscalculated my jump and ended up soaring over his enormous body. My small one went tumbling on the dirt and into a nearby tree knocking the wind out of me as I let out an 'Oomph.'

Within seconds I heard a series of growls erupt in the air as five large wolves came stalking out from behind the trees. In a flash Tristan was by my side picking me up by the scruff on the back of my neck and carrying my like a pup back to the area he initially stopped at.

Dropping me gently on the ground, Tristan licked at my nose before asking. 'You ok, stay still and don't move ok?' His eyes roamed over my entire length checking for any injuries. I was perfectly fine, maybe just dirty and a little sore with my run in with the tree, but otherwise fine.

Satisfied with his inspection, Tristan stood to block me from the scary wolves standing on the other side of this imaginary line. 'I'm ok.' I responded cowering slightly behind him. These wolves looked a bit deranged, almost rabid like as they stood their ground and snarled at us with saliva dripping from their teeth as they foamed at the mouths.

A muscular figure dressed in only a low slung pair of basketball shorts appeared from beyond the trees. He looked a bit older since the last time I saw him and a bit more rugged. Yes girls, he's still handsome for those of you who are asking.

"My, my it's been a long time since I've seen the two of you." Marco announced as he stood there with his arms across his chest. The smug look on his face was sinister as he called off his mutts, which caused them to stop growling at us. "Tristan...Mi Princesa." He directed with a head nod to each of us. "I apologize for the behavior of my pack." 

A deep rumble escaped Tristan's lips as Marco's eyes stared at me in a lot longer than they should have. "I'm sure you're well aware of territorial lines being an Alpha and all." He directed towards Tristan with a raised brow.

"Seeing how it's the first occurrence, I'll allow you to slide this time. I can assure you the next time it happens..." Marco said cockily with an air of authority to him. You could feel his power drifting off him in waves as the five wolves stood flanked at his sides. "The Princesa becomes my property and you, well you'll be dealt with accordingly, because I don't like to share."
This caused Tristan to let out a knee trembling snarl as he barked angrily in Marco's direction. In the matter of a second Tristan was standing naked in front of me without a care in the world as he stood pointing at Marco in a threatening manner.

As this all transpired I was busy trying to focus on listening to the exchange going on between the two, but at the same time I was mind-linking Alonso and Rico my S.O.S distress call. I was terrified Tristan would lose his temper and end up having to take on six wolves on his own.

"Let this be the first and last warning I'm ever giving you..." Tristan seethed angrily, he was literally shaking with rage. "If I see you even looking at my mate ever again, I'll be the new Alpha of your pack of mangy mutts. You hear me, you prick, I’ll murder you!"

"Guess we'll just have to finish off that little challenge we started three years ago then won't we." Marco stated calmly tilting his head to the side. "And this time without any interruptions, winner gets the Princess."

What the hell am I some sort of prized possession? Marco is so lucky I have no damn clothes to change into after I shift, because I'd be standing there in front of them giving him an earful. Guess he hasn't learned his lesson yet!

"Over my dead body, you're ever taking my mate." Tristan spat out in disgust as he turned to glance at me over his shoulder. I'm guessing to make sure I was still ok and in one piece. I was standing there mentally preparing myself for a fight, in case it came down to it.

"Gladly." Was the only remark Marco could utter before being interrupted by the sound of Rico's voice. Marco's chocolate brown eyes focused on the group that seemed to be fast approaching.

"Back off Marco, I think you're walking a fine line here." Rico threatened as he walked up in shorts and a singlet standing next to Tristan. Alonso, Juan, Carlos, and Luke joined us in wolf form.

"I'm not a member of your pack so you can't tell me what to do, Alpha Perez." Marco remarked defiantly, "But I can assure you all, this is far from over." On that note Marco turned on his heels and shifted and in the blink of an eye the six of them were gone.
Chapter 3: Mondo

"Are you sure you don't want to borrow this in black?" Anya asked twirling around in a full circle, reminding me a little of a ballerina. A ballerina in an extremely short and tight body hugging dress. She looked absolutely stunning in a red taffeta, body-con tube dress in her favorite color. The hemline coming to a stop a lot shorter than mid thigh, it could possibly be mistaken as a second skin.

She's been trying to get me to wear the black version of her dress, but I adamantly refused. I wanted to be comfortable tonight and have fun. I didn't want to worry about spending the entire night tugging at the bottom of my dress in fear of it riding up and exposing my cheeks.

"I'm positive, thanks for the offer." I answered putting the finishing touches on my eyeliner. I was dressed much more conservatively in a deep purple sparkly halter top that dropped extremely low in the front, but was held together by a golden chain, a pair of black capri tights, and a pair of gold high heeled sandals.

My brothers insisted we all go to Mondo, a hot nightclub in Madrid. It's been two weeks since that incident with Marco. Ever since that day, we haven't seen a trace nor have we heard anything from Marco or about him. Tristan forbade me from going anywhere in woods by myself. Who could blame him? I don't plan on going into the woods alone anyway.

That whole run in was enough to scare the living crap out of me. All those open ended threats from Marco potentially kidnapping me, if I were to trespass onto his land were enough to make anyone in the right mind not want to step foot into unknown territory.
Making our way downstairs we could hear the guys in the kitchen, most likely getting some food in their system. Wolves, they're constantly hungry. Hmm, wonder if any of those competitive eaters are wolves? You know the ones they show on TV eating Buffalo wings or hot dogs. Wouldn't that be considered cheating?

A few whistles were heard when we entered the kitchen, bunch of animals! We were greeted by a lot of at least twenty guys standing around wolfing down sandwiches. There were a handful of girls from the Manzanares pack too. Everyone was dressed to kill and I couldn't help but think, 'Damn we all look good!'

Max, Gabe, Sam, Jordan, Troy, Andre, Axel, and Jett flew out to visit this weekend, arriving about an hour ago so my brothers decided we should all go have some fun. Max, Jordan, and Jett brought along their mates Kalista, Brianna, and Sofia. Aww, yea I thought the same thing when I found out they mated. Walking around with Anya, we said our hellos to the gang.

A plate appeared in front of me, complete with a sandwich and chips. I looked up to find the smiling face of Rico. "Eat up, you don't eat, you don't go." He ordered bossily, damn Alpha. 

"Thanks." I grumbled at him and took the plate going to stand next to Alonso who was talking to Tristan.

As I put my plate down on the counter, I picked at a chip popping it into my mouth and was pleasantly surprised when I was pushed against the counter by the warmth of Tristan's muscular body wrapping his arms around me.

"You look amazing." His warm breath tickled the side of my face as he leaned down and rubbed his nose against my cheek. It caused instant tingles to shoot down to my toes. I turned around in his arms and stared up into those ashen gray eyes, losing my breath in the process.

Tristan was wearing a simple black v-neck T-shirt that outlined every muscle and a pair of dark jeans with some dressy black boots. Simple, but I knew I'd need to have a watchful eye over him. I'm a jealous fool even though I don't really show it.

It's as though all time stopped and I was lost in the swirling depths of silver otherwise known as his eyes. Tristan bent his knees slightly, wrapping his arms around my back. I let out a loud screech due to shock when he lifted me up quickly placing me on the counter.

Producing my plate, Tristan smirked before saying "Eat up so we can leave." Such a damn tease, he always manages to get me. Knowing perfectly well the effects he wreaks on my body and mind. Thankfully, being the proactive mother that she is, mom took me to the doctors for birth control the minute she found out about Tristan and I 'did it.'

No thanks to Anya and her big mouth. We were in my room chatting the weekend after returning home from Spain and she was being entirely too loud. Mom just so happened to be walking by and overheard everything. Hopefully in the future when we're settled we'll have lots of pups, but for right now I want to enjoy my time with Tristan.

"Ready?" Tristan asked coming to stand in between my legs, interrupting my thoughts. I miss my parents, back at home and am grateful to be returning to Port Clyde when the summer's over. Nodding my head in agreement, I looked down to find my plate surprisingly empty as Tristan helped me get down off the counter.

The adrenaline was pumping through all of veins as we pulled up to the Mondo. You could hear the music from all the surrounding clubs trickling down the cobblestone lined streets. We chose to go to Mondo, because its owner is a member of the Manzanares Pack, so that means free drinks.

Making our way inside I've never seen anything like this in my life. Even though the place was enormous it was still jammed packed. Anywhere and everywhere you turned, you were faced with a drop dead gorgeous person. Boy, Mondo could make the most stunning person feel down right self-conscious about her self.
Tristan gripped a hold of my hand tightly as he led the way towards the bar following closely behind Rico. I felt like the President the way they had me and Anya surrounded with Tristan and Luke at our front, Axel on my left side, Troy on the right and Alonso in the back. What were they afraid of?

After downing a few drinks, everyone began to loosen up. We weren't as high strung as we were before the owner came over and reassured Tristan and my brothers that he had top of the line security guarding the door. Guess they feared Marco showing himself and starting some trouble?

It wasn’t that the guys couldn’t handle Marco and his wolves if they showed up, but really? Who wants to fight in a club full of people on a night when we're supposed to be having fun, ugh, nobody. Especially not dressed the way we are.

Being pulled out to the dance floor by a screaming Anya, I glanced over my shoulder at Tristan who gave me a wink. He was hanging back with Rico and Alonso being 'mature' and discussing things. "Ehh, stop your drooling and C'mon." Anya shouted at me. "Time to let loose!"

Scream by Usher was blasting through the speaker, it's Anya's favorite song at the moment. We were dancing in one big group when someone handed me a drink, which I assumed came from one of the guys in the Manzanares Pack.

Who it was, I honestly can't tell you. What I can tell you however is never to assume you know whom the drink comes from. Gulping it down greedily due to my sudden thirst from dancing, I was feeling fine for the first five minutes afterwards, that is until I started getting extremely hot.

My entire body felt like it was burning from the inside out as the sweat beads began developing on my forehead. "I don't feel so good Anya, I need to go sit down." I complained, turning around to make my way through the crowd towards the bar.

Anya looked at me and smiled, "Want me to walk you over there lightweight?" Her blue eyes twinkled happily as she leaned in so I could hear her better. She was having such a good time dancing with Luke, I didn't want to ruin it. Maybe there are too many people out on the dance floor or I could be coming down with something.

Shaking my head no, I uttered loudly. "No, I'll be fine. I'm gonna go find Tristan." I answered turning around to go back the way we came. My sense of direction sucks enough to begin with, so I literally had no clue which way that was.

The strobe lights were doing a number on my eyes causing me to blink numerous times in order to refocus. Shit! I was beginning to see double of people as I lost my sense of direction. Being shoved left and right wasn't helping my situation much either.

Let's just safely say chips, a sandwich, and alcoholic beverages didn't mix well together as they swirled around viciously in my stomach making me want to barf. Looking around at the faces in front of me I couldn't recognize a single soul as I prayed that I'd see a familiar face.

Have you ever pushed rewind missed the spot you were on and then hit fast forward, that is exactly what I felt like I was going through right now!! I wanted to scream out 'help me', but I knew for a fact no one would hear my cries above the music.

Not able to think clearly for the past ten minutes, I finally realized, Idiot! You're a wolf, you can mind link Rico, Alonso, or Tristan. 'Baby, where are you?' I thought trying to get a hold of Tristan, if I can't find him I’d stay still until he comes to find me.

'Tristan, I need you.' I called out again, but didn't get any type of response back. What the hell's going on? Why isn't he answering me, I stood still swaying slightly on the spot. From someone else's view, they'd probably think I was rocking to the beat of the song. No people, I don’t have any control over my bodily functions.

Letting out a breath of frustration, I decided to try for my brothers. 'Rico...Lonso...where are you guys?' I mind-linked getting an instant answer from both of them within seconds.

 'We're at the bar where you left us.' Rico answered then Alonso chimed in, 'Where are you?'

'I don't know.' I responded helplessly, feeling like a lost child in a mall. Should I raise my hands above my head and jump up and down in the crowd in hopes that they'll catch a glimpse of me? 'I feel funny after someone gave me a drink.' I whined to my brothers in hopes that they'd feel sorry for me and come to my rescue.

'What, who gave you a drink?' Alonso's voice shouted extremely loudly, giving me an instant headache. 

Ugh, I thought grabbing at my head with the palms of my hands. 'Sensitive to loud noises Lonso!' I groaned.

'Put your hands above your head and stay put.' Rico ordered in a no nonsense tone of voice. 'Don't go with anyone no matter what and if anyone tries to grab you. Scream at the top of your lungs, drop all your body weight down, and sit down on the floor Indian style.' He prattled off giving me his techniques against battling abduction.

As sick as I was feeling I couldn't help the small smile that tugged at my lips. My brother's are hilarious! Who's going to try and grab me? Maybe I just had one too many drinks, legal drinking age over here is eighteen versus twenty-one in America.

I'm not a drinker, so I think I've surpassed way beyond my one drink limit with the three drinks I've already consumed. What I was wondering was where's Tristan through all this? As I stood there with my arms above my head like a moron waiting for my brothers to find me, I turned my face slightly to the side. Needing to desperately make sure that my Secret deodorant wasn't telling on me and that I wasn't killing everyone around me with my body odor, I nonchalantly inhaled a deep breath. Ah, still tropical fresh, no worries here!

Spinning around in circles, I searched the area around me for the person who just said that. Is it one of the guys playing jokes on me or am I hallucinating? A deep monotone voice whispered into my ear and it quickly disappeared. "Soon Princesa...we'll be coming for you soon."

As soon as I whipped around to the right a muscular hand came down grabbing my upper arm. Being scared out of my wits I did exactly what my oldest brother advised me to and began screaming at the top of my lungs, "Help! Stranger danger, stranger danger!" As I threw myself down onto the ground and sat down Indian style, boy I need to stop drinking!

The assailant was trying to fight against me, I was thrashing around violently as he tried to grab a hold of my shoulders. Dammit these are my favorite pants and they're going to be filthy.

"Mirar, calm down. It's me!" Lonso shouted annoyed as his face popped into view causing my thrashing to cease immediately, he had Axel at his side. Somehow, Axel could sense I was in danger so he went looking for my brothers. Where's Tristan?

A guilty look overcame my expression as I let my brother help me to my feet. Whew, that was a close call. "What's gotten into you?" Alonso asked concerned. He led me back towards the bar area where I spotted Rico.

My heart was pounding against my chest a million miles a minute as I tried the best I could to calm myself down enough in order to inform my brothers of what occurred. What happened next caused my heart to feel as though it was going to fall out dead on the ground.

This is where he was the entire time? Instead of hearing my cries for help and worrying about me...his mate...he was standing at the bar with a hot Spanish beauty practically draping herself all over him? Tristan's eyes looked glossed over and he didn't seem like himself either as our eyes met and I gave him the dirtiest glare before demanding to Lonso, "Take me home."
Chapter 4: Taken


Lonso and I managed to reach the exit of Mondo, before I was grabbed roughly by my upper arm pulling me to abrupt stop. I jerked around in anger and shot Tristan a filthy look, one that was filled with hurt and disgust. I mean, who cares if he's been shouting out my name asking me to stop for the past couple minutes?

Obviously he wasn't concerned with my wellbeing before I caught him doing whatever it was he was doing! That gorgeous tramp is so darn lucky I'm not completely with it right now, because I'm pretty sure I would've given her a good beat down.

"Lise, wait." Tristan grunted in exasperation as he came to stand in front of me blocking my way out of the club. "What's going on? Where are you going?" He asked with a look of pure confusion taking over his concerned expression.

Staring up into his eyes, I could see that he had no idea what the hell was going on, let alone why I was angry with him. Lonso cringed slightly, shrugging his shoulders in a 'what do you want me to do' type gesture before walking off to give Tristan and I some privacy.

"Two minutes." I shouted at my brother, holding up two fingers to show him that was all the time I was allowing Tristan to explain himself. The look of seriousness on my face made Lonso's eyes widen as he nodded in agreement and stepped off to the side not daring to go any further. I still wanted to go home, my night's officially ruined anyway. How much worse can it get?

"Did you not hear me calling out for you for help?" I spat out ensuring that Tristan was able to hear me over the music. "Or were you too busy flirting up a storm with that!" The tone of my voice raised an octave higher as I nodded my head pointedly at the brunette standing by the bar watching us argue.

Tristan inhaled a sharp breath, "You called for me for help? When?" For some reason his perplexed demeanor only pissed me off even more .Is he really that clueless or was he whacked over the head with a stupid stick? Aren't mates supposed to be able to sense when one is in danger or experiencing distress? What happened there? Why was he brushing off the fact that I caught him allowing Miss bionic boobs and butt over there to maul all over him?

"When?" I shrieked, my voice cracking a bit sounding like a teenage boy hitting puberty. By this point I was absolutely livid. I could feel my face heating up as the venom traveled through my blood stream, I was ready to strangle him.

He's lucky I was now in full control of my wolf. With the rage I'm feeling I could've very well shifted in the middle of Mondo! "Let's see, I'm just gonna take a wild guess here and say WHEN you were busy with her!" My hand shot out and my finger pointed directly at her accusingly.

"Baby, I swear I didn't hear you calling for me." Tristan uttered in a panicked tone as he tried to reach out for me. I shook my head at him in disbelief. How could he not hear me, but my brothers did? Obviously, he was occupied with something or shall I say someone way more important.

Did he kiss her? What could they have possibly been standing there conversing about? What would possess him to allow her to get that close, for what reason? It's not like he's here at Mondo alone, the whole gang of us is here, including my older brothers. It's blatant disrespect!

"Don't...touch me." I mumbled under my breath, taking a step backwards away from him with tears springing to my eyes. I felt betrayed. I'm surprised Tristan even heard me over the music, but he did as he stared at me with a pained look in his eyes.

"Please don't be angry. I don't know what's going on right now." He murmured helplessly taking a step forward, to be closer to me. "Let's leave, we'll go home together, ok?" Tristan voice was filled with desperation, I've never seen him this way before.

But then again, I've never experienced another girl who was able to capture Tristan's attention the way the tramp did. I'll admit she's got the body of a voluptuous woman, where I'm still growing into mine. He's never allowed any other female, besides his mother and mine the opportunity to get close to hug him, let alone feel up on him.

Not able to say anything else to him in fear that the tears would spill over, I directed my attention towards my brother who was standing off to the side. His arms were crossed over his chest leaning with his back against the wall. Lonso's eyes were focused on the dance floor, but I know he heard every word exchanged between Tristan and I.

Pushing himself up off the wall, Lonso glanced over at me with a raised eyebrow. "Ready to go?" He questioned, making sure that I really wanted to leave. I nodded my head yes in response as Lonso came to stand in the open space between the two of us. "I think it's best if you stay, give her some space." Lonso advised patting Tristan on the shoulder.

Without a second glance, I stepped around Tristan and made my way towards the door. I could feel the intensity of his gaze burning into the side of my face as I walked away from him. It felt like pieces of my heart and soul were being ripped from me with each step I took away from him, but I had to do it.

I needed to prove a point; that point being I'm not one to be disrespected. I'm a princess for heaven's sake...his mate...the future Luna of his pack and I won't tolerate being treated that way. Not by him, nor by any other person or wolf.
The first fifteen minutes of the car ride home was spent in complete silence, as I sat in the front seat glaring daggers out the window into the dark night sky. Do I have a valid reason for being so pissed off or am I overreacting? Thankfully, Lonso allowed me to sulk in my misery as he listened quietly to the radio. 

Clearing my throat I glanced over at my brother. "How long did it go on for?" I asked in curiosity, surely he witnessed the whole thing with Tristan only being at the other end of the bar.

His deep brown eyes flickered to me quickly before landing back on the road ahead. "For like five minutes. She approached us with a shot in hand, said her name was Evie and asked Tristan to take a celebration drink for her birthday." Lonso admitted deep in thought.

"At first Tristan kept graciously declining, I felt bad for him so I offered to drink with her, but she adamantly refused. Said she always wanted to drink with an American." Lonso finished almost like he was choosing his words carefully.

I swear he better not be holding anything back, older brother or not I'll still beat the crap out of him! "Ok, so what happened after that?" I pressed for more info waving my hand in a circular motion for him to continue on with the story.

"Tristan grabbed the drink from her, I guess he figured if he drank it quickly then she'd go away and leave us alone." Lonso shrugged, but his body language told me differently. "She didn't leave, she hung out there talking to Tristan and not two minutes after that she led him to the other end of the bar. We asked where he was going, but he didn't answer."

Ok, so Tristan denied her advances...got annoyed...and ended up taking the drink in hopes of getting rid of her. Why would he then allow her to lead him to the other end of the bar though? What'd she say to Tristan to make him follow her?

"You said you felt funny after someone gave you a drink, right?" Lonso confirmed with a look of worry flashing past his eyes as he stared over at me. I nodded my head, the space between my eyebrows crinkling up...I don't understand what that has to do with anything.

"Rico and I think the two of you may have been drugged, Marco might not have shown up tonight but there's no doubt in my mind he has something to do with all this." Lonso sighed gripping the steering wheel tightly. "We think they spiked your drinks with Black Ice, it’s the only thing that could explain why Tristan didn't hear you calling out for him."

"Black Ice has effects similar to roofies in wolves and it also has the ability to sever the mind link between mates when given in extreme doses it can cut off mind links to everyone." Lonso's explanation made me feel like pure crap for the way I treated Tristan. Black Ice, what in the heck is that?

I needed to talk to Tristan, let him know I wasn't mad at him anymore for something he had no control over in the first place. How rotten of me to think he'd actually cheat on me. "Why would they give it to Tristan and I?" I wondered out loud, they didn't actually act on it. Was this some sort of a trial run, a test?

We were stopped at a four-way intersection, which was relatively deserted. Before Lonso had the chance to answer my question a truck came flying out of nowhere t-boning our SUV, hitting Lonso's side.

The impact sent our truck flying and rolling over and over again. I threw my hands up to cover my face reflexively as the windows shattered sending glass shards all over us. The crunching sound of metal scraping against concrete, sent chills up my spine. My voice wanted to scream out for my brother, but it was stuck deep in my chest, I was terrified.

As the truck finally landed on it's roof I let out a groan of pain as I felt a warm liquid oozing from my head down my cheek. "Lonso." I grumbled turning my head to the side to see if my brother was all right. I unbuckled my seat belt to lean forward and get closer to inspect his injuries.

Lonso lay there unconscious, but still breathing. I reached my hand up to shake his shoulder slightly afraid of inflicting anymore harm on him. I didn't receive any form of a response. Instantly, I mind-linked Rico and Tristan, 'We've just been in an accident at the intersection of Calle Mayor and Calle del Correo, please come quick Lonso's hurt.'

'Lise, baby are you ok?' Tristan's voice responded immediately. 'We're coming right now hold on.' Rico's voice chimed in. The black ice must have worn off by now, but I still didn't understand what the point was in giving it to us in the club. What's that suppose to prove?

I could hear as well as see several sets of feet approaching my side of the car as the door was yanked open suddenly. Being manhandled I was practically yanked from inside the car as a huge scary looking man held my arms behind me. Standing in front of me was none other than my father's wife Maria. She had an evil snarl on her lips as she stared at me with disgust. What the hell is going on here? I know she doesn't like me with the death glares she would always give me, but does she hate me enough to kill me?

Marco got out of another SUV that pulled up alongside our accident scene and stood beside Maria. So these two are working together, but why? "Get her out of my sight son, before she warns them. Make sure you drug her up enough to keep her quiet!" Her evil voice bellowed echoing through the empty streets.

Son, why in the hell is she calling him son? Marco made the big scary guy let go of me and he took me into his arms gently. I was too weak and injured to fight against them as they injected a needle full of black ice into my veins. The effects were almost instant. "Told you I'd be coming for you soon Princesa, didn't I?" Marco smiled happily. OMG he's demented!
'I'm being taken by Marco and Maria is a part of this....I love you Tristan.' Was the last form of communication I got out before everything went black and I succumbed to the darkness....
Chapter 5: Captivity

Lise's POV

Waking up from a horrible nightmare, my head felt foggy like it weighed a thousand pounds. I tried to stretch my arms up above my head and arched my back on the comfy mattress, but I couldn't lift a muscle. The only thought in my mind was, 'I hope I got so drunk I imagined everything that happened.'

Opening my heavy eyes and taking in the unfamiliar surroundings, I came to the sad realization that the nightmare was indeed reality as everything came rushing back to me. "You're finally awake." Marco's voice came from somewhere to the far right. "I was beginning to worry, thinking we injected you with too much black ice."

My arms and legs felt like they were made of pure steel, weighing me down to the bed. That's probably the reason why I wasn't tied down. I didn't even have the energy to move let alone try to escape by running or attempting to shift to my wolf. I prayed Tristan heard me before our mind link was severed by the black ice.

"You've been asleep for two days Princesa, I'm sure you're hungry?" Marco's voice began travelling closer as he appeared, coming to a standstill right next to the bed. His clothes and hair looked disheveled appearing as though he was stressed.

Why on earth would he be stressing? Maybe due to the fact that I'm pretty sure the entire Manzanares pack along with Tristan and the guys were looking for him? Two days, wouldn't they have found me by now; unless of course, we weren't on Marco's territory anymore?

The entire inside of my mouth felt dry, my tongue was the consistency of sandpaper as I tried to open and close my jaw to produce some saliva. "Wh-why are you doing all this?" I managed to croak out as I glared up at Marco. Sure, he was something nice to look at, but my heart felt nothing but hatred towards him for inflicting so much trouble in my life.

Inhaling deeply, Marco let out a loud sigh, "Your sister...my mate...was my life." Marco responded grabbing a hold of the sides of his head with both his hands. "I can't go on living without her...I tried, but I can't get her out of my mind."

'So what in the hell does any of this have to do with me?' I wanted to shout at him, but something told me it was against my better judgement. Who knows what his mental status is and whether or not this will cause him to lash out at me?

"You're the next best thing. When I saw you I knew I had to have you. The devotion you have for your mate is unlike any I've ever seen. Nothing at all like your sister. She didn't want me." Marco growled angrily, his face filling with anger and pain.
Gee, I wonder why Mia didn't want you, maybe she was smart enough to realize your screws weren't too tight. There's got to be a reason why she ran from him, a reason why she needed to escape and not be found. I wondered if he knew why?

"Why didn't she want you? You seemed like a great guy." I dared to ask, wanting to try and play it like I was taking his side. Maybe this can get me some information. Note how I used the word seemed. He truly did seem like a great guy before Mia died, didn't he? What happened between then and now is a completely untold story.

"She was already in love with someone else...another wolf." Marco's tone deepened as it filled with hurt. "I was willing to be her friend, until she found room in her heart to love me too. But my mother thought it was a stupid idea and had him killed. I swore to Mia I didn't have anything to do with it, but she didn't believe me. That's why she ran, she thought I was a murderer." His voice drifted off breaking at the end. "I never got the chance to tell her the truth."

Well, it just keeps on getting better, doesn't it? "Maria's your mom?" I murmured in confusion. How the hell did she crawl her way into the Manzanares Pack, into my Dad's arms? Did he know she's Marco's mom? That evil conniving witch! I swear if she hurts my brothers or my Dad, she's a dead woman.

Marco nodded his head taking a seat on the edge of the bed. I wanted to cringe away, shrink into the mattress somehow, but it was physically impossible. As much as I willed my body to move away, I didn't have the energy to do so. I felt like a blob just lying there unable to move.

"My mother and father were in love, best friends, but they weren't mates. She got pregnant with me a few months before my father met his true mate." Marco whispered his eyes drifting off in thought. "He abandoned my pregnant mother and married Taina, who was unable to get pregnant to produce an heir for the pack. So being his only offspring, he had no other choice but to take me in and raise me with his Luna to become future Alpha of the pack."

Wow, this is way too much to process. Let me rewind and filter this through my brain slowly. No wonder why Maria is such a bitter old hag, the only man she loved left her bare foot and pregnant to marry his mate. She should've known what she was getting herself into though, shouldn't she?

What I didn't comprehend was, what's any of this has to do with my family? Mia was in love with another wolf, I wonder who he was and whether my brothers knew of this? Hearing all of this kind of made me feel sorry for Marco, just a teeny tiny bit. He was willing to be supportive and stay by Mia's side, maybe in hopes that she'd feel the mate attraction and fall in love with him. Damn Maria for everything she's caused. I can now officially blame her for my sister's death. If she hadn't of done what she did, Mia wouldn't have run away and been kidnapped or killed.
Maybe I can use that thought to my advantage. Shouldn't Marco at least feel slightly guilty for kidnapping me away from my mate? I mean he had the same thing happen to him, where's the freaking compassion? 

"My mother tried to prevent history from repeating itself with Mia and I. She's bitter when it comes to love triangles. I guess in her own twisted way, she figured if she eliminated the problem, everything would be fine. She only made the situation worse." Marco admitted, staring down at me his eyes roaming over my face for any response on my part to his full blown confession.

No wonder why the poor boy's gone crazy, it probably runs through their blood stream. Just look at his mother. I just laid there picking out all the imperfections I could spot on the white ceiling, not wanting to make any eye contact with him since I didn't have anything to say.

"I'll have someone bring up something up for you to eat." Marco said clearing his throat awkwardly before reaching over to brush some stray hairs away from my face. What did he think...that I was going to declare my sudden love for him since he told me the truth?

Suddenly Marco stood up from the bed and went over to the doorway, opening it 
slightly...just enough to grab a tray of food as he shut it quickly and locked it once again. He brought the tray over and set it down on the nightstand. Reaching over me, he lifted me up so that I was in a sitting position propped against the headboard.

I was beginning to regain feeling in my body, but I was still extremely weak. At least now I could lift my hand and arms up even though the still felt like they weighed a ton. The smell of the food coming from the tray had my stomach grumbling, damn stomach.

"Here you eat, I'm going to get a shower." Marco commented as he placed the tray in my lap. "Shout if you need me." Marco called out over his shoulder, pulling his T-shirt off over his head showing off his muscular back as he made his way towards the bathroom. "I'll leave the door open."

As soon as I heard the shower come on I gave it another minute before setting the tray to the side of the bed. Trying the best I could to roll off the bed, I finally managed to place my feet on the ground. I put my body weight down bending my knees slightly to test whether I could stand or not.

Satisfied with the results I stood up, my knees knocking together in a wobbly stance. It was an achingly slow process, my mind was running towards the door but my body was moving as slow as a snail.

I got as far as clicking the lock on the door and turning the knob, before a hand came down on my shoulder spinning me around to face an angry looking Marco. He lifted me up bridal style and brought me back to the bed. Believe me when I tell you I really tried to fight him, but it was no use I exercised all my energy in trying to make it to the door.
Reaching into the drawer of the night stand Marco produced a syringe filled with what I can only assume to be more black ice. "I'm sorry, but it looks like things have to be this way. I won't give you half as much this time." His voice drifted off softly as I felt the needle piercing my skin. 'I'm sorry too.' I thought, wishing I could just disappear out of this god forsaken room and back into Tristan's arms...


Tristan's POV

Two going on three torturous nights...two miserable days, since I've last heard Lise's voice and seen her beautiful face. Her last words to me were 'I love you Tristan.' I can't believe I allowed any of this to happen. I should've remained at her side in the club.
Not wanting to be an overbearing mate, I decided it was safe to allow her to have fun. I figured since there were so many of us that it was ok for her to be on the dance floor with Anya. What was I thinking?

'You should get some sleep.' Luke's voice filled my head as he stood guard beside me. My best friend staring at me with concern. 'I'll sleep once I know she's safe in my arms again.' I answered with a grumble. 'Not a minute sooner.' Luke knows how stubborn I can be, so he didn't argue back. Instead he turned his attention forwards again.

I rubbed at my bloodshot eyes tiredly, staring down at the territory before me. I haven't slept the entire time she's been gone. We were staking out Marco's pack house from a distance. Watching, waiting for any sign that he's here with Lise. This time around we didn't have someone on the inside to tell us what was going on.

The mountains that overlooked Marco's house belonged to a neighboring pack. Thankfully, Alpha Sanchez allowed us onto his lands after we explained the situation. He even offered a helping hand, Lise's father brought the kidnapping to the werewolf council. They were giving us a week to get her back, allowing us to take matters into our own hands before it was time for them to intervene.

If it were up to me, I would've attacked and killed each and every one of his pack members two days ago. Hell, I wanted to do it the night Lise was taken, but Rico talked me out of it. His exact words were I've lost one sister already due to our irrational actions, I'm not about to lose another. We need to plan accordingly this time.

Arriving at the accident scene that night we found a bloodied unconscious Alonso in the car and no Lise. He had a few broken bones and of course some cuts and bruises, but after waking up we made him shift and he was good as new after a few hours.

Alonso's been blaming himself for Lise's kidnapping, saying he should have been more cautious and aware of his surroundings. We keep telling him it's not his fault, I seem to think we all have a hand in this by not keeping a more watchful eye over her so not just one person is to blame here.

There were traces of her blood on the ground, which caused me to shift on the spot. The thought of my mate being injured had me thirsty for blood...the blood of those responsible for causing her harm. I was able to track her scent as far as five miles away in the direction of Marco's territory before all remnants of Lise disappeared into thin air.

Which leads us up to the present time, we planned on waiting until we spotted some sort of a sign allowing us to know that we were on the right track before attacking. All forms of communication were lost with Lise, Rico explaining that they must be injecting her with high doses of black ice.

To be honest with you I didn't have the faintest clue something like black ice even existed. Rico also told me that only wolves of royal blood had access to obtain something that dangerous. As I lay down on my belly watching what I hoped to be Marco's room, I caught a glimpse of movement .

My eyes lit up in pure excitement as I realized what I was staring at. Lise was moving cautiously, almost like she didn't have control over her own body as she made her way slowly past the window. No sooner did she pass the window, Marco appeared and carried her back in the direction from which she came.

Rico and Alonso's ears perked up the same exact moment I jumped to stand on all fours. She's in there and thank god she's safe. Now it's time to regroup and plan how we're going to get her out of there in one piece. A snarl of fury escaped from deep within my chest, this time around no one will be able to stop me from killing him. He's gone too far this time messing with my mate. I gave him fair warning, now it's time I acted on my threat of becoming Alpha of his mangy mutts.
Chapter 6: Vision

Lise's POV


Four...it's been four entire days and still no one has come to rescue me, not Tristan, Rico, Lonso, nor my Father. My sense of hope was dwindling with each passing day. The thought of being able to escape on my own was diminishing with each syringe of black ice Marco pulled out from the nightstand drawer. I was beginning to doubt that Tristan heard me as I lay in the same damned bed I've been confined to for the past ninety-six hours. Five thousand seven hundred and sixty minutes of my life that I've missed out on and will never get back.

The only reason I knew it was four days was because I was smart enough to etch a line into the wooden headboard of the bed with my fingernail each time the black ice started to wear off. My mind was still in a haze, being shot up with a syringe each time Marco noticed I was more coherent during our conversations, which consisted of talking about nonsense by the way.

Majority of the time Marco spent telling me all the wonderful things he had planned for himself and Mia that he never got to see through. I guess Marco was scared if he didn't inject me with more black ice I'd either mindlink the guys for help or try and shift to escape. I had to give him credit for his kidnapping techniques, he was on point.

I faintly recalled hearing Maria screaming at Marco the other day while he stepped outside the room to talk to her. Something along the lines of council searching for her, for sure my Dad knew something was up if she didn't return home? Supposedly she's been hiding out here the entire time.

As I drifted in a haze between consciousness and sleep, a voice called out to me. One I didn't recognize, yet it seemed so familiar in a way. 'Who's there?' I asked out loud, unsure whether I was dreaming or if this was real life. A foggy vision of what I can only describe as an older version of me with dark brown hair and brown eyes appeared, what I recognized to be Mia. Holy crap I really hope I'm dreaming, I'll even settle for hallucinations over seeing a ghost.

'Analia.' Mia's angelic spirit lingered next to the bed with a smile. She was there to be friendly, not to scare the life out of me. Thank goodness, I think I may have possibly wet the bed. I don't know if I'm dreaming or awake, so I can’t really tell.

'I'm sorry we never had the chance to meet, but everything happens for a reason. If I didn't die, you would've never gotten to know the truth. You need to be strong little sister, pretend the drugs haven't worn off to buy some time to gain your strength back.' Mia advised as she stared down at me with a worried expression. Why the hell didn't I come up with that idea to begin with?
'Marco isn't a bad person, he just trusts in his mother too much. She's evil and that's why I left so she wouldn't hurt our brothers or father. It's up to you to reform him...save him...tell him...tell him I forgive him.' Mia's voice drifted off and her presence disappeared as I heard a jiggling of the doorknob. I didn't even get the chance to say anything in response.

Opening my eyes into tiny slits I watched the door carefully to see who it was that was entering. It seems Marco's been leaving the room while I sleep, no doubt to handle pack business. Maybe I can fake sleep for a few more hours allowing me to gain some of my strength back. Hopefully enough to contact Tristan or my brothers.

Once I caught a glimpse of Marco's outline entering the room I shut my eyes and feigned like I was still peacefully asleep. Trying the best I could to keep my breathing as evenly as possible. I prayed that I haven't been snoring, because it'd be a dead giveaway if I wasn't snoring at the current moment.

At that thought I let out a tiny little snore just to add to the persona of a heavily sedated version of a sleeping me. I could feel his eyes watching me for a few moments before Marco leaned over giving me a kiss on the forehead. I desperately fought back the urge to cringe into my pillow. Satisfied with the idea of me still sleeping, he left the room once more locking it from the outside. Hopefully this black ice wears off fast enough for me to get up and do something or else this will all be for nothing.


Tristan's POV

I was losing my mind, two godforsaken days since I've last seen her walk by that window...yet, we still haven't made a move. What are we waiting for? We've spent the past two days training and strategizing our attack, needing to plan accordingly.

Rico wants little to no casualties when we strike, so we have to be both mentally and physically prepared to take on Marco's pack. Let's not forget Marco's been training them to be ruthless killers. Some of the guys from the Manzanares pack aren't cut out for war.
Being from such an enormous pack, some of the guys weren't raised as fighters. Royals have a chosen army of wolves raised specifically to fight. But, we knew we were going to need a hell of a lot more then fifty wolves to get Lise back.

"Again!" I shouted angrily pacing back and forth, staring at the line of wolves sparring in front of me. Each pair coming to a halt, they separated from one another only to prepare for attack once again. This earned me a few dirty glares, I'd be staring at myself the same way. I felt like an Army drill-sergeant. They've been going at it all morning, but it still doesn't seem good enough.

I had to give these guys credit though, they volunteered out of the kindness of their own hearts to help us get Lise back. Each of the fifty wolves before me pledged their loyalty to their Princess. We had a lot more offers, but a hundred wolves should be sufficient along with the rest of us.

As Alpha's Rico, Troy, and I stood in our human form observing the group. We trained them to the best of our ability, but deep down in the pit of my stomach I knew we would never be prepared for what lies ahead.

Alonso, Luke, and Andre were still perched up high on the mountain keeping watch over Marco's house. Having past experience dealing with rogues when we tried rescuing Mia, Axel, Jett, Gabe, and Jordan were giving the guys pointers on how to go in for the kill.
Marco's been training his wolves for the past couple years, these guys have only been at it for two days. It’s hardly enough time to learn more than just the basics, which is why I have to be extra hard on them. Can't let them think things will be sweet once we initiate our attack on Marco.

We planned on attacking right before dawn, hopefully they'll all still be asleep. We're almost positive Marco will suspect we'll attack at night like we did before...that is if he even has the slightest idea we're watching him at all.

"Let's give them a break. We'll pick up again after lunch for another hour, then they need to rest." Rico announced with a sigh. I know he's feeling the same exact way I am, stressed. Nothing will be good enough in our eyes. Lives without a doubt will be lost if they continue fighting the way they are...we need to avoid that at all costs. Lise will be devasted if anyone gets hurt trying to rescue her.


Lise's POV

It was pitch black outside as I sat by the window staring up into the vast horizon. A few stars twinkled against the dark night sky making it seem so peaceful. I closed my eyes and prayed that Tristan's out there somewhere and that he's coming for me.

Having slept all afternoon and most of the evening, I spent most of the night awake trying to shake off the effects of the black ice. I even took a quick shower, which woke me up even more. In another hour or so, dawn would be upon us.

Marco hasn't been back since checking on me earlier and I wondered what had him so occupied? This is the longest he's gone without coming back to inject me with black ice, something's got to be up.

I was moving around freely now, having regained use of my body. However, I still couldn't mindlink anyone. Hope black ice doesn't have a long term effect and that it's only temporary. I still felt a bit groggy and couldn't shift, but I was able to get up and walk around the room without crawling around on my knees.

A sudden rattling at the door caused me to jump from my place at the window and dive onto the bed. I watched with a half lidded eyes as Marco hastily rushed into the room, locking it behind him. "Princesa, Analia get up." He uttered in a hushed whisper while shaking my arm demandingly.

The sense of urgency in his voice had my eyes snapping open to stare up at him in fear. Why did he out of all people sound scared? He's the one orchestrating this entire kidnapping, isn't he. What's he possibly in fear of?

"Wh-what's going on?" I stuttered as my heart began beating at an accelerated pace. I could hear the swooshing in my ears as I began panicking. Either he's planning on moving me elsewhere because the guys are coming to get me or he knows I was pretending to sleep earlier.

"I need to get you out of here. My mother's caught wind that Tristan and the Manzanares are coming for you. She thinks killing you will end all this trouble." Marco's deep voice had an undertone of regret in it. "I won't let her hurt you. I should've never listened to her. You don't belong to me."

It was almost as though he was sorry for involving me. What's going on here? I'm so confused, Marco wants to help me? Wasn't it his idea to take me in the first place? "We need to hurry." Marco sounded frantic, helping me up from the bed to stand. He led me quietly towards the door, poking his head out the door before swooping me into his arms bridal style.

Before I knew it we were out the back door and Marco was off running at full speed into the woods surround his pack house. During the run I felt the need to confess what Mia told me. "She forgives you...you know." I breathed out causing Marco to stop completely, almost dropping me on the ground.

His eyes bore into the side of my face as a look of understanding washed over his expression. "She came to me. Mia came to me." My voice shook as I admitted it out loud, hoping he doesn't look at me as if I was insane. Then again, we'll be in the same boat.

"Thank you, I needed to hear that." Marco nodded his head in understanding, his eyes tearing up a bit before he advised me what to do next. "We need to shift. I'll run across to the next territory until we reach the start of the Manzanares land, but that's as far as I can take you."

Does Marco have multiple personality disorder? Don't get me wrong, I'm grateful for his sudden change of heart, but how do I know I'm not being set up? If he isn't setting me up I'll be sure to get him the best psychological help I can find and that's a promise. 

We shifted together and ran through the neighboring territory, as we got midway through we became surrounded by wolves. Some of the wolves were strangers, a few I recognized as members of my own pack, others my friends.
‘They came for me.’ Is all that crossed my mind, the next thing occurred in slow motion as Tristan came charging out of nowhere along with Rico and Alonso. The three of them together collectively pounced on top of Marco in a fit of rage, snarling and snapping at him viciously. He didn't stand a chance.

'No...no...no, you're killing him!' I screamed out in my mind praying they'd hear me, but it was to no avail. They kept on attacking and the sad part of it all was that Marco wasn't even fighting back. Doing the only thing I could think of, I shifted into human form and threw myself down on top of Marco's limp and bloodied wolf screaming. "Leave him alone!" 

"Lise baby, what're you doing? Get away from him!" Tristan snarled standing stark naked in human form. His chest heaving up and down in anger as he glared at me shielding the enemy. Shaking my head vigorously I managed to breathe out a 'No'.

Turning my attention back, I stared down at Marco with tears trailing from my eyes. Yes, he kidnapped me and injected me with black ice, but I think it was all at the hands of his mother. Deep down inside there's got to be a good person. He did help me escape after all. I couldn't feel his heart beating under my body, nor could I see the rising and falling of his chest from breathing. Please don't tell me it's too late for him, please tell me there's still hope.
Chapter 7: Redemption


Tristan's POV

We were preparing to take off again to finish what we started, after personally bringing Lise back to the Manzanares territory I entrusted her safety to Axel. I advised Axel that his duty as protector, which is to keep Lise out of harm's way was far more important then joining us in the fight. 

Ensuring that Axel comprehended my direct order of Lise not being allowed to leave his sight no matter what, I finally managed to peel myself away from her side. I've been following her around like some pathetic lost puppy and I'm not ashamed to admit it either.

"I'll be back as soon as I can." I promised, pulling her tightly into my arms. My face buried into the side of her neck as I inhaled her scent deeply. I've missed her so damn much, I don't know what I'd ever do without her.

The thought of having to let go of her only made me wrap my arms around her waist even tighter. "I love you, baby." I murmured, hoping she heard me as I was overcome with emotions. Never in my life did I ever imagine one single person would be my entire world, the reason for my very existence.

In a way I could relate to Marco, Lise and I were only separated for four days. It was the longest four days of my entire life. I can't imagine losing your mate, the love of your life, never being able to see their face again. I seriously think I'd end up going crazy too.

Lise stood flushed against me with her arms wrapped around my neck loosely in a stubborn stance. "I love you too." Lise responded quickly. She was angry at Rico, Alonso, and I for the damage we did to Marco. Can you blame us though? He's been nothing but trouble since losing Mia. I can't honestly say that I liked the guy, he was a threat to me...one that I was dead set on eliminating.

Fortunately for us, he's still alive. He was barely breathing when she landed on top of him. I don't think Lise would ever speak to us again if we ended up killing him. I still can't grasp the fact that she threw herself over Marco, shielding him from us. It only made me wonder what the hell happened between them during her four days of captivity?

What possessed him to suddenly have a change of heart and help her escape, when it was his doing in the first place? It took every ounce of control in my body to not throw Lise off of Marco and snap his neck! It was her broken expression that stopped me in my tracks.

I haven't been able to get much out of Lise, she's been pretty much giving the three of us the silent treatment. Her main concern focused on Marco and his well being, making sure he survived. We carried Marco back in his wolf form, the pack doctor is tending to his wounds.

The only thing Lise disclosed to Alonso was that Maria is behind all this and plotting to kill her. That's as far as Alonso got with her before the pack doctor emerged from the room with Marco's prognosis. The doctor's expression was grim, causing my heart to drop to the pit of my stomach.

As much as I hate the bastard, I was praying for his survival for the sake of my relationship with Lise to survive. She's a stubborn little mule and knowing her, Lise will never stop hating us or blaming herself if Marco died.

He was going to live, the doctor announced causing a huge weight to be lifted off my shoulders as I gushed out an enormous sigh of relief. At the moment all four of his legs were broken, he has three broken ribs, and a collapsed lung. Marco was also bleeding out from numerous wounds, which required a blood transfusion, but overall only time would help his wolf heal. The doctor has him heavily sedated so he can heal properly.

"C'mon we need to get a moving, Max says Maria's getting ready to make a run for it." Luke's hand came slapping down on my right shoulder as I watched Lise listening intently, hanging on to each and every word the doctor uttered. Some of the guys moved forward to keep watch of Marco's pack, but they were under no circumstances to make a move until we arrived.

Lise's got a heart of gold, even after all Marco's done to her and she still didn't want him to die. As soon as Lise heard Luke's announcement her head snapped in our direction instantly. A determined look washed over her expression as she took a strong stride towards us.

"I'm coming along, that bitch is the reason why my sister's dead and no one...I mean no one...kills her besides me!" Lise ordered taking her power of being Princess to an entirely different level. I've never seen her so angry or determined before and it was a complete turn on.

By the tone of her voice, not Rico...Alonso...nor I dared to deny her. Not that she was going to let us say no anyway. Lise was already on her way out the door before I could open my mouth and suggest that it was a bad idea and that she should stay here with Marco. Guess she's coming along with us then.


Lise's POV

There was one thing on my mind as my paws pounded relentlessly on the ground, 'Kill...kill...kill.' I was running alongside Rico, Alonso, and Tristan as if I was leading the team into battle. I loved the fact that none of them tried to fight against me on my decision to tag along.
The only thing Tristan made me promise was that I'd stay back out of harm's way with Axel at my side until they secured the premises. I didn't argue with him on that, I've heard that Marco's pack is just as vicious as the rogues. I’m in no way a trained fighter.

Tristan's taught me how to fight and defend myself, but not in the same extent as Marco trained his wolves. I wouldn't be able to fight off a male wolf, but I could do some damage. I knew how to go for the kill and I guess that's what matters most.

As we approached the Marco's territory, Tristan stopped beside me nuzzling his snout against mine. He licked me once causing me to smile internally. I love him so damn much I can't stay mad at him for long, but I needed to stand my ground.

I understand why he and my brothers did what they did, but none of us are ruthless beasts. There was no reason to kill Marco, I know deep down in my heart they knew he wasn't an evil person. He was just misguided and lost. They had to know he was helping me escape, I think they just acted off of anger and adrenaline when they attacked.

'Promise me, you'll stay here until I tell you it's safe.' Tristan's eyes bore into my face as his wolf stood towering in front of me. Thank god the effects of black ice weren't permanent as I regained my ability to mindlink about a half hour earlier.

That pretty much explains why Marco kept reinjecting me with it, Rico says our wolf blood burns off the drugs quickly. 'You're not to join us a minute sooner, got that?' Tristan's voice commanded, damn he knows me too well.

'Ok, I promise. Be careful.' I responded, wishing I could kiss him. So, I did just that as I pressed my mouth against his. Not as effective as a real kiss, but it'll have to do. I decided it was time I stop being so angry with them, they were only doing it for my own good. 'Love you.' I answered with cheeky grin as I bared my teeth at him, turning around to head to Axel's side I wagged my tail excitedly.

'I love you too baby.' Tristan thought back as he bit down playfully on the tip of my tail causing me to yip in surprise. 'Behave yourself.' He commanded before getting into Alpha mode and becoming serious.

'You guys be careful too.' I sent out to my brothers, members of the Manzanres pack, and friends. Realizing how lucky I am to have such a wonderful group of people surrounding me, I made sure to utter a 'Thank you all for coming to rescue me.'

Axel, Max, and I were perched up on the mountain that overlooked Marco's territory. Yes, the same mountain the guys kept watch from. We were waiting for Tristan to give us the sign that it was ok for us to join them.

I could hear the pitter patter of their paws as they charged onto the territory. It was complete mayhem the way they attacked, as wolves jumped on wolves. The terrifying sounds of snarls ripping through the air followed by a chorus of whimpers and howls of pain.

Shutting my eyes tightly I prayed for the safety of our guys. Please don't let any of them get seriously hurt! Anya reassured me, she'd stay by Marco's side to make sure he was ok. She told me she'd kick my butt if I got hurt.

Reopening my eyes, I watched as Tristan, Rico, Alonso, Troy, Andre, and Luke snapped with precision, each wolf's neck they came in contact with. Scary how good they are at going for the kill, but it's how they were raised...Alpha's and Beta's.

Movement coming from the back of Marco's house diverted my attention away from the battle before us as I watched Maria and two of the men that helped in my kidnapping trying to sneak off into the night. Like hell she's getting away. They were far away enough from the fighting to be considered not in the danger zone, so Tristan couldn't really get mad at me for breaking my promise.

'Guys we need to get to her before she escapes.' I looked between Axel and Max. Their ears perked up as they attention focused on what I was staring at. Nodding his head once, Axel led the way as we descended the mountain.

I already planned my method of attack. I wanted to look that bitch straight in the eye and tell her exactly what I felt about her before I killed her. We closed the distance between us, approaching Maria and her goons from behind.

Shifting back to human form behind a few trees I threw on Tristan's T-shirt that he made me bring along with me. Yummy it smells like him. "Must be nice to run away, not having a care in the world about your son." I sneered staring at the poor excuse of a woman in front of me.

Maria is the true definition of a woman scorned, pathetic. She spun around on her heels and glared at me through wide eyes. Why was she so surprised to see me? "Y-you!" She stuttered in shock. "You're supposed to be dead, Marco agreed to kill you!" She shouted disbelievingly shaking her head in disappointment.

Suddenly tears welled up in her eyes as she thought of something. Next thing I knew the bitch was charging towards me with her two goons at her sides. "Where's Marco? Where's my son?" She cried out shifting on the spot.

Axel and Max intercepted her bodyguards, while I quickly peeled off the shirt and shifted too. Evil witch thought we killed Marco? Now she wants to play the woe is me poor mother I am for losing my only son card?

Maria came barreling into me knocking me off my feet as her sharp canines snapped viciously at my face. Damn this bitch is strong, but my will is stronger. I thought as I flipped to the side throwing her off me.
We circled each other carefully, she was breathing heavily trying to plan her next move whereas I already knew where I was going to chomp down on...her neck and snap it clean in two. There would be no more manipulating of Marco, no more would she have the pleasure of calling herself my dad's wife nor a part of the Manzanares pack.

Hearing a yelp from one of her bodyguards being killed by Axel caused her to lose focus for just a split second. It was a grave decision on her part as I leapt in the air and closed in on the kill. Suddenly I had second thoughts of killing her quickly.

With all the pain she's caused, this disgusting vile creature deserved to die slowly. I knocked Maria down to the ground tearing a chunk out of her back...'that's for Mia's love that you killed.' Standing up on my hind legs, I used my front paws to claw her clear across the face, 'that's for being a crappy mom to Marco!'

Time for the final move, 'This is for my sister Mia!' I bit down hard on Maria's neck, instantly tasting her bitter blood in my mouth as I ripped a huge chunk out of her leaving a gaping hole. It was enough to be fatal, but not enough to kill her instantly.

Maria crumbled to the ground in a heap as blood squirted out her wound and she quickly bled out. Shifting back to human form, I put my shirt back on just as Max finished killing the other goon. I kneeled down next to her dying frame and leaned in closely.

Her breathing was labored as she lay there looking up at me helplessly from the corner of her eyes. "The last face you'll see before you die is identical to that of the innocent girl you single handedly killed. Remember her face as you burn in hell for what you've done." I spat out as I watched Maria take her last breath.
Chapter 8: Brand New

We managed to eliminate a majority of the rabid pack outside before getting a hold of their Beta Julio. He was inside the pack house with the wolves that decided against fighting for Maria. Julio never saw eye to eye with Marco's way of running the pack after losing his mind, but being his best friend he stood loyally by Marco's side.

Just because he stood by Marco's side as his Beta, didn't mean that Julio or any of the other wolves had to listen to Maria or follow any of her commands. For some strange reason she had her own little cult of followers, what I deemed to be the 'bitter about love' clan.

A few of Marco's wolves decided since she was Marco's mom they had a duty of sorts to protect her, but those were the unwise wolves. Protecting evil wouldn't get them any brownie points in Marco's pack. It would only sentence them to an early death...as you can all see.

Rico shifted to human form and notified Julio we had Marco and that he was safe now that we've eliminated Maria from the picture. Upon hearing the news that 'ding dong the witch is dead', Julio called off the wolves. It was like a switch was flicked and suddenly the pack ceased their fighting, just like that.

After an extremely long steamy shower to loosen my tense muscles, I managed to fall asleep in Tristan's arms. However that was short-lived as I was disturbed from my peaceful dormancy by the sounds of Marco's agonizing screams of pain which seemed to echo down the hall. 

Each wail that escaped his lips managed to cause a spasm in my chest, like a dagger to my heart. My body reacted before my mind registered what was going on as I jumped frantically awake in Tristan's arms.

Tristan was spooning me from behind, having just got in a few hours ago from the epic battle...all of us were filled with exhaustion. His muscular arms coiled around my waist holding me securely against him, as he cooed into the top of my head. "Its alright baby, just let him be."

The simple vibrations of his chest against my back with words of reassurance managed to settle my bundle of nerves as I snuggled into him. "Is he ok, what's going on?" I whispered turning in Tristan's arms to tuck my face into his shoulder.

Tristan's lips caressed my forehead as his warm minty breath washed over my face. "He had to shift back to human form so his bones could reset properly. More than likely he's feeling the effects of his broken arms, legs, and ribs resetting. It'll be over soon, I promise."

Tilting my head upwards to stare into the same smoky eyes I've grown accustomed getting lost in, I needed to be sure Tristan was serious when he meant it'd be over soon. I don't think my heart could take much more of hearing Marco's cries. I really wanted to go and hold Marco's hand to reassure him everything would be fine, but by the way Tristan had his arms locked around me in a vice grip. I'm pretty sure he didn't plan on letting me go any time soon.

"The doctor and Julio are in the room there's nothing you can do for him, but let nature take it's course." Tristan stated with a pointed look, giving me a slight nod to make sure I understood. "He's gonna be fine."

All time froze while we lay there enchanted in one another's presence. Tristan's eyes roamed across my face in a loving manner as a sneaky smirk tugged at the corner of his lips. "There's something you could do for me though." He teased softly, the way his eyes lit up playfully tugged at my heart strings.

"Oh yea? What would that be?" I breathed out in a hoarse whisper, my heart pounding against my chest at a staccato pace. I'm pretty sure you guys would be just as nervous when perfection is staring you straight in the face.

"Promise me you'll stop blaming yourself." His voice was deep and husky sending chills up my spine. He knows me too damn well. "It's not your fault, never was." Was I blaming myself for Marco getting hurt? Deep down inside I knew none of it really had to do with me, but I couldn't help but feel guilty.

Tristan's face moved closer to my own as his lips captured mine in a soft passionate kiss. For a split second I forgot that it's been four days since I've last been in his arms. The softness of Tristan's tongue brushed against mine as it delved into my mouth.

My hands were placed firmly on his chest while we faced one another. Tristan''s left hand slithered under my body, wrapping around my back and pulling me impossibly closer as his right hand tangled into the back of my hair.

He let out a throaty moan as our legs tangled together, Tristan rolled so that he was hovering on top of me. That's when a knock sounded on the door interrupting our moment of intimacy. "Who is it?" I couldn't hold back the smile from my lips as Tristan growled out rather annoyed.

"It's Lonso, is Lise awake? Marco's calling out for her." Alonso's voice carried through the locked door. Childishly Tristan rolled his eyes and let out a disappointed sigh while he rolled off me, but not before he gave me another peck on the lips. Standing up from the bed, I made my way over to the door and unlocked it.

My brother stood there with a guilty expression pasted on his face, I'm pretty sure my messed up bed hair gave away what we were in the process of doing! Chewing down on his bottom lip fighting back a smirk, Lonso uttered quickly. "Sorry."
I followed Lonso down the hall towards the guest room where Marco was. "Is he awake?" I asked timidly glancing over at my brother. In a way I wanted Marco to have a speedy recovery, but then again I was worried how he'd react when we told him I killed his Mother.

Would he fly off the handle again and go on a rampage? After all he was a Mama's boy, so there's no telling what the future holds. Shaking his head slightly, Lonso offered a small smile. "He's been in and out of consciousness. When he woke up this last time, he called out for you."

Why would he call out for me of all people? Opening up the door I was faced with pack doctor along with Julio who was standing off to the side. Julio's face held concern for the condition of his best friend.

"The worst of it's over now." The doctor announced to no one in particular. "His wounds have all healed up nicely, all the bones reset properly, now all he needs is rest." I was grateful to hear the good news. Staring down at Marco's sleeping form, he looked good as new. Now let's just hope his mindset is the same.

With that said the doctor, Julio, and Lonso decided it would be best if they left me in the room with Marco, alone. What may have possessed them to do such an outrageous thing is beyond me. Who says he's not gonna wake up and blame me for his injuries?

As I sat in a chair next to the bed, he seemed so peaceful. Feeling guilty for what Tristan and my brothers did to him, I picked up his hand in my own and held it. "I'm so sorry for what happened to you." I mumbled quietly as my eyes began filling with tears.

I know I promised Tristan I would stop blaming myself, which I did...but that didn't mean I couldn't be sorry. "You don't owe me an apology Princesa." Marco's voice croaked, his eyes remaining closed and his breathing was steady. The only thing that proved to me I wasn't hearing things was the tiny squeeze of his hand against mine.

Marco's eyes snapped open staring up at the ceiling as he let out a huge sigh. "I'm sorry for all I've put you through." His head turned slightly so that he could look at me. I managed a small smile to let him know I wasn't angry at him.

As we sat there in a comfortable silence I thought of something that I've been meaning to ask Marco as soon as he woke up. "Wh-why didn't you fight back?" My voice quivered, not that I wanted him to fight and injure Tristan or my brothers, but I needed to know why.

"I was ready to deal with my punishment for the things I've done..." Marco let out another huge breath, "Ready to accept my fate and maybe I could be with your sister again." He admitted sadly a single tear trailing out the corner of his eye. His Adam's apple bobbed up and down as he tried to fight back his emotions.

"She came to me..." Marco's voice broke off, getting choked up as he shook his head in disbelief. "My Mia, she came to me and told me I needed to hold on. To live my life and be the best Alpha I can possibly be...for her...in her honor." A look of newfound determination overcoming his sad expression as Marco wiped away the tears that escaped.

I could only sit there in silence and listen to the things he was saying, nodding my head here and there to let him know I was still paying attention. "What's become of my pack...of my...Mother?" Marco asked hesitantly, his eyes burning deep into the side of my face.

Oh god, do I have the strength to tell him the truth? I wrung my hands together as they began shaking nervously. I wanted to get up and run straight out of the room, back to the safety of Tristan's arms. "Tell me..." Marco begged, reaching over to grab one of my hands in his.

Knowing he deserved to hear the truth from me, I cleared my throat. "All those who decided to fight were ultimately killed. Once we assured Julio of your safety, he called the others off." I told him as my eyes darted anywhere and everywhere.

Thinking of my sister and the unjust fate she faced, I somehow got a surge of power. Maria wasn't a good person at all and she deserved everything she got. "As for your Mother..." I allowed my hazel eyes to meet Marco's chocolate brown ones. He held his breath, waiting for me to break the news to him. "She tried to run, when I confronted her she attacked. I had no other choice, but to defend myself...to kill her."

Marco stood quiet for what seemed like an eternity. He still held onto my hand, which I took as a good sign, right? I mean if he was going flip out, wouldn't he have done so by now? Not unless it was taking a long time for the information to process, did he have a brain injury?

"I loved my Mother, but I loved my mate...your sister Mia...so much more. My mother was without a doubt the evilest most vile woman I've ever come across." Marco admitted, I thought I saw a look of anger and then relief pass by his eyes, before he stared at me blankly again. "I was a coward to not stand up to my Mother and I can only thank you for serving her with the proper revenge my innocent mate deserved."

It was as if I got sucked into the twilight zone. I was sitting there staring at Marco with unsure eyes. Who is this Marco and what happened to the old one? Can you honestly tell me one visit from my dead sister caused him to become a changed man? Was he that terrified of Maria, that he couldn't even stand up to her or did he know deep down inside what she was capable of?

Shakily I nodded my head as a form of  'I killed your Mother, don't worry about it...there's no need to thank me.' type of way. Standing up from my seat, I was getting ready to leave the room. Seems like all has been said and done and there really wasn't a reason for me to be here anymore.

"I'm really glad you're ok, I'll call Julio to come in. If you don't mind I'm exhausted so I'm going to head back to bed." I smiled, patting him one last time on the arm I began backing away from the bed. My body wanted to run out of the room and down the hall back to Tristan, but I chose to take the slow approach as to not look like I was crazy.

"Wait!" Marco shouted out, before jumping up quickly from the bed. He closed the distance between us pulling me into a tight embrace. "Thank you Princesa, I owe you my life." I wanted to say 'don't mention it', but it didn't seem like the proper wording so I decided to stay quiet and just hug him back.

Of course, that was the exact moment the bedroom door opened. Standing there glaring at the sight before them was Tristan with Alonso, and Julio standing at his side. Can I ever catch a break?
Chapter 9: Think Before Speaking

Tristan's POV

Deciding to let Lise go check on Marco by herself, I relaxed back onto the pillow with my arms folded under my head. Taking in deep breaths I tried the best I could to calm my raging hormones. I swear Alonso's lucky he's her brother, I could've beat the life out of him for interrupting us.

It's been four days since I've held her in my arms and just when things were starting to feel normal between us again, he goes and knocks on the door. After thinking about all of today's events along with all the things I planned on doing with my mate when she came back, I realized Lise has been gone for what seemed like an eternity.

An unsettling feeling began to develop in the pit of my stomach. I could only explain it as being an uncomfortable queasiness. Getting up from the bed, I pulled a white tee over my head and yanked on a pair of basketball shorts. Opening the door to the bedroom I headed towards the guest room down the hall.

Standing a few feet outside Marco's room was Alonso and Julio. They were discussing something calmly. What the hell are these two doing outside the room? The entire point of me allowing Lise to go see Marco was because I was under the assumption that they'd be right there beside her.

"What the hell?" I grunted through clenched teeth, the anger from earlier's interruption creeping slowly to the surface again. "Why aren't you in there with her?" I directed towards Alonso with an angry glare. What type of brother is he? Knowing perfectly well what Marco is capable of, yet he would still leave his baby sister alone with him?

Alonso shrugged his shoulders and threw his hands up in front of him in surrender. "I...I figured she'd be perfectly fine. We're only right outside the door." He mumbled as a sudden look of guilt took over his expression. Guess now that he thinks about it, not such a good idea now was it?

Breathing in deeply through my nose, I shouldered my way through the both of them reaching out for the door. I honestly wasn't prepared for what I saw when I opened it, the wind was knocked right out of my lungs. Marco and Lise stood at the center of the room in a loving embrace...my heart cracked against the cavity of my chest.

It was bad enough my ego took a beating when my mate threw herself on top of this prick to save his life. Now I let her come here to check up on him and I catch them hugging each other like this? What the hell else happened prior to my walking in?

I already had a sick feeling something happened between the two of them during the four days she was held captive that caused them to become so close, but I tried the best I could to brush it off. Lise wouldn't do something like that...she loved me.
As I stormed towards them prepared to kill Marco and just end this once an
d for all, Lise pulled away from him in a panic as she jumped in front of me. "No Tristan!" Lise's voice pleaded as she latched desperately onto my arm sending me over the ultimate edge.

I think it was a mixture of lack of sleep, pent up anger, and sexual frustration that caused me to snap. I shouldn't have said the things I did, shouldn't have allowed them to escape from my mouth...should have definitely thought before I spoke, maybe then I wouldn't be in the situation I'm in now.

"Get out of the way Lise." I warned clenching my jaw down tightly as I stared at my terrified mate. She shook her head defiantly as she stood in front of me blocking my path from Marco. "What the hell's going on between you two that you're so protective of him?" I bellowed in her face causing tears to escape her eyes.

My heart ached at seeing her cry, knowing I was the one that caused her pain. I just couldn't get over the fact that she was supposed to be in my arms not his! Why does he keep getting in the middle of us?

"Nothing happened between us." Lise cried trying to defend herself from my false accusations. Accusations I knew perfectly well were crap lies. "I don't want anyone else to get hurt because of me, it was an innocent hug!"

That wasn't a good enough excuse for me as I shoved Lise away angrily, I was fed up with her trying to defend this bastard. "If you're so hell bent on his safety then maybe you and I shouldn't be mates, maybe you should be his mate!"

An audible gasp was heard stopping me in my tracks as I closed my eyes and cringed. Dammit, I've done it now...gone and stuck my foot in my mouth. Spinning on my heels I reached out for Lise trying to apologize for being such an ass. She knows I spew crap out of my mouth when I'm really angry.

Lise stepped away, out of my reach and stared at me with disbelief. Those hazel eyes that always spoke a thousand words to me were suddenly silent. Clearing my throat I tried to swallow the knot that prevented me from speaking, but it stayed put. "Lise, baby...I...I didn't mean it." I begged, but the look of disgust plaguing her face as the tears flowed freely said it all, she hates me.

In that split second Lise spun around and took off running, I was torn whether to stay and confront Marco for putting his hands on my mate or chasing after her. That pause caused me big...as I finally decided Marco wasn't worth it and raced after her.

She was within my reach, I could feel her at the tip of my fingers. "Lise, stop...wait." I called out trying to grab a hold of the back of her shirt to stop her. 'Damn she's fast' I thought as she suddenly flew into the room. My body slammed into the frame of the door shaking it on its hinges as she locked me out.
Pounding my fists on the door relentlessly, I called out to her. "Lise open the door. Please baby, we need to talk. I'm sorry." I apologized but was greeted with complete silence. Calming myself down from the rush of adrenaline pumping through my veins, I kept reassuring myself that her father wouldn't appreciate a broken down door.

I did the only thing I could think of, sliding my body down the wall next to the door I settled myself in for a long night of waiting. Hopefully she'll open up the door in an hour or so when she cools down and lets me in so I could explain.

'Lise, baby please I love you. I'm sorry I didn't mean what I said.' I tried reaching her through the mind link, but she was blocked off. She's never put her walls up on me, not since the first time we knew we were able to mind link...so I knew she was pissed.

Staring up at the grandfather clock that stood midway down the hall, I've been sitting out here for fifty minutes and still no sign of Lise. Using the back of my fist I pounded it against the door like I have been with each fifteen minute interval that passes.

"Liiisseee." I dragged out her name as my eyes began drooping closed. Yea, I know I'm a pathetic jerk...and I deserved the silent treatment and so much more for all I've put her through. "Please baby, just open the door."

"Maybe you should give her some time." Rico's voice drifted down the hall from the top of the stairwell. He was staring at me with pity, I'm sure Alonso filled him in on the events. "Try and talk to her in the morning.

Talk to her in the morning? 'It is morning!' I thought as I glanced at the time, 5:45AM. I was mentally, physically, and emotionally drained. There was nothing left in me. "Go get some rest in the spare room." Rico tilted his head to the door beside him. "I'll try and talk to her when she gets up."

Nodding my head in utter defeat, I braced myself against the wall and stood up. Dragging my feet the entire way down the hall, I plopped myself on the bed and drifted off into a deep sleep. My mind didn't want to give up, but my body thought otherwise...

I was awoken from my precious few hours of sleep from the curtains being yanked apart and sunlight shining me in the eyes. Throwing my arm up to shield my eyes from the blinding light, I squinted a few times to adjust to the sudden change.

When my eyes finally focused I was faced with an angry looking blonde. Glaring at me with rage in her big blue eyes....ahh the furious best friend. "You idiot!" Anya whisper shrieked smacking me in the arm with her thin hands. "How could you?"

"How'd you find out so quickly?" I sighed staring up at the ceiling. I'm sure if Anya knows, Luke knows too. So I'll never hear the end of it from him either, because I'm sure Anya will keep pestering him to nag me about it.

"What do you mean how'd I find out so quickly, that's my best friend's heart that you broke, ya moron!" Anya thundered, her tiny fists aimed at me in a threat. "You better get your sorry ass up, fix it and fix it now."

Covering my eyes with my arms, I let out a groan of frustration. I know I messed up big time, I sure as hell didn't need Anya rubbing it in and reminding me of it. I was a man on a mission this morning...one that included groveling on my hands and knees to beg for Lise's forgiveness. I wouldn't take no for an answer, she's got to forgive me.
Chapter 10: Agree to Disagree

My head was pounding like there was a tiny child sitting inside going all wild with his first drum set. I threw the comforter off angrily as I peeled myself off the bed. There's no hope, I'm not going to get any sleep. Sniffling, I tried to clear out my clogged nasal passages and rubbed at my swollen dry eyes. Damn you Tristan for making me cry.

Glancing at the clock I noticed it read seven o'clock, may as well do something constructive with my time instead of laying in bed feeling sorry for myself. I'm sure Rico's up already dealing with his Alpha duties. Maybe I can go talk to him and see if he needs any help.

Taking a quick shower, I used some concealer to try and cover up the puffy bags under my eyes. This is the first serious fight Tristan and I have been in, guess it was bound to happen sooner or later right? I prayed silently to myself that he wasn't sprawled across the doorway asleep, it's still too early to face him.

Was it my fault for allowing Marco to hug me even though it was an innocent hug? I know it's really difficult for Tristan to see me so touchy-feely with other guys since he's my mate, but I truly can't help the fact that I'm such a loveable person.

All right, maybe I'm just being a real bitch here. I mean look at how I reacted to that girl in the club practically mauling him! I can't even begin to imagine what Tristan felt when I defended the person who tried to take me away from him....ok I'm being a brat, I admit it alright?

I should've known better then to add fuel to the already out of control fire burning deep within Tristan. I'm surprised he didn't shift and kill the both of us! Got to give it to my baby for having full control over his wolf, he's gonna make one hell of an Alpha.

'Rico, you up?' I thought trying to summon my brother for help. 

'Yea Lise, what's up? You ok?' His tone was one of concern, which means he was well aware of the events that went down early this morning. Thankfully he's not one to rub things in or pry into my business. Rico's just there for me as my rock, to listen and offer advice when asked. 

'Is he outside the door?' I asked in embarrassment, knowing if I attempted to open the door a crack and Tristan was out there...I'd have to face him. Something I'm not emotionally ready to do, at least not right at this minute.

'I sent him to the guest room around six to get some sleep. He looked exhausted.' Rico's answer caused me to feel extremely guilty for locking Tristan outside the room after such an intense night of battle. Wow, such a great mate I am, huh?
'Thanks. Where are you, can I come help?' I offered, unlocking the door and tugging it open a tiny slit. I used my one eye to peep out the crack for any signs of Tristan. 

'I'm in the kitchen making breakfast, come cook. I mean help me cook.' Rico chuckled.

Satisfied that the coast was clear I made my way downstairs to the kitchen where Rico had all the ingredients laid out on the counter, but he stood there sipping on a glass of orange juice. "Hey you're just in time." Rico joked giving me a hug, though his eyes stared at me with a knowing look. The look of, I know you haven't slept and cried all night.

Being the great sister that I am, I got busy cooking breakfast for the pack. I decided I'd swallow my pride and beg Tristan for forgiveness. No, he shouldn't have said the things he did to me but it was out of jealous rage and yes I planned on making him feel really guilty for it, trust me.

Within fifteen minutes of cooking, I suppose the aroma of the sausage, bacon, eggs, and pancakes I had going on the stove wafted upstairs waking all the guys up. Soon the entire kitchen was filled with people coming to get their grub on.

"I see you took heed to my threat and made it home in one piece." Anya's voice caused me to jump as she appeared beside me out of nowhere. "I heard you got tricked into cooking breakfast and I've come to help." She grinned, but that grin soon turned into a frown as Anya got a good look at my face.

"What happened? Did someone die?" Anya grumbled angrily under her breath as she took a step closer to me, not wanting anyone else to hear. I shook my head no, basically asking her to just drop it and forget about it, but Anya being Anya didn't want to hear it. "Well if nobody died, who the hell made you cry?"

Anya's head snapped side to side looking over both her shoulders around the kitchen. I don't know what or who she was looking for, but soon enough she mumbled a "Be right back" and took off leaving the kitchen like a bat out of hell. The look of determination filled her big blue eyes.

I finished cooking enough breakfast to feed a small country, leaving a plate on the side for Tristan. Yes, I may be angry with him still, but I'd never be cruel enough to let him starve. Just as I rinsed the last dish and placed it into the dishwasher, Anya came back in grinning ear to ear innocently.

I could instantly tell she was up to no good as I stared at him with a raised eyebrow. Anya just walked straight past me to join Luke at the table. "Breakfast's delicious Lise, thanks." Luke said appreciatively causing everyone else to shout out "Thanks."

Grabbing a pancake off the stack on the kitchen table, Anya stole a piece of bacon off Luke's plate and rolled it into the flapjack. She poured some maple syrup on to a plate and dipped her creation into it, taking a huge bite out of it. "Yummy." Anya gushed with puffy cheeks.
"I think you should be designated cook for the pack, considering Anya sucks at cooking." Luke began laughing at his own joke only to have it turn into a choking sound when Anya smacked him upside the back of his head.

"See if I'll ever cook for you again. No more of my grilled cheese specials for you!" Anya glared at Luke hatefully, but everyone knew she was only kidding. These two have such a comical relationship, I don't ever see them arguing over anything serious.

Suddenly the entire kitchen became quiet and I could only assume what caused the silence as I felt all eyes trail from me to something behind me. Tristan must've come down for breakfast. Gee, how in the heck did everyone find out my business? Guess word travels fast?

'Oh gosh, what do I do?' I thought to myself as I faced the stove and began tediously wiping it down. My hands were shaking nervously, not knowing if I should woman up and turn around to face him or feign like he's not there and continue ignoring him? Decisions....decisions.

I could feel the warmth of his muscular body heat up my back as Tristan's hand came down on top of mine, stopping me from wiping the counter. His breath tickled the side of my face when he leaned down slightly to say, "You've been cleaning the same spot for the past couple minutes."

My entire stature stood frozen, I was unable to move. Surprised at Tristan's daring attempt of getting so close. Wasn't he scared I'd turn around and slap him in the face for the stunt he pulled last night? Obviously Tristan's confidence level was high on the meter.
Noticing that it seemed unusually empty in the kitchen I turned my head slightly to the right towards the tables to realize that it was just Tristan and I left. Rico must've made everyone leave so we could have privacy, what a sweet brother.

"Maybe the spot isn't clean enough." My voice quivered as I tried to answer Tristan in my strongest tone. Epic fail, I hope he doesn't hear the forgiveness in my voice, I want him to feel guilty for a bit longer.

"I think..." Tristan spun me in his arms to face him, I stared straight at his chest refusing to meet his gaze. Once our eyes meet, I'm done...there's something about those gray eyes peering into my soul and melting me from the inside out. "Maybe you're avoiding me."
His fingers moved up to caress my face softly as Tristan unknowingly guided me towards the corner, pushing my back against the counter. I was trapped, not able to escape if I wanted to. "Please don't be angry with me baby, I'm so sorry for being an insensitive jealous jerk. I know it was an innocent hug, I just saw red when his arms were wrapped around you."

I was slowly but surely cracking, I could just feel my anger dissipating. Soon, very soon I'd be wrapped around Tristan lovingly. Tristan took a hold of both sides of my face, tilting my head so I'd look him straight in the eyes. He always made me look him in the eyes, so I'd know he was telling the truth.

"I'll do anything..." Tristan pleaded with tears evident in his eyes. "Anything...for you to forgive me. I'm sorry for disrespecting you as my mate and my Luna." Ok guys I think he groveled enough, it’s time to speak my peace and let this be done and over with, no?

I hate fighting with Tristan, makes it feel like a part of me is missing! Swallowing deeply, I began my apology. "I'm sorry for being such an inconsiderate bitch. There's a lot I need to work on first and foremost being respecting you as my mate and my Alpha." My words got caught up in my throat as I took a deep breath in to fight back the tears. I love him so damn much it hurts if that's even possible.

Never again will I do anything to jeopardize the well being of our relationship. "So we agree to not disagree anymore? No more jealousy on my part and no more making me jealous on yours?" Tristan asked in a playful tone.

"Yes." I answered throwing my arms around his neck. "I love you." I uttered into the crook of his neck as my body shook overcome with emotions. Never wanting the thought of not being Tristan's mate to ever come up in conversation again.

"I love you too Lise. You belong to me and me only." Tristan all but growled as he lifted me onto the counter and our lips collided together sealing our agreement to stop fighting over dumb things. It was time for us to get our priorities straight and grow up. To focus on being the best Luna and Alpha we could.
Chapter 11: Home

All the guys from back home who were only supposed to be visiting for the weekend ended up staying for a week. They returned home the next weekend after the battle when all the excitement began to simmer and everything settled down going back to normal.
The only ones who remained in Spain with my family were Tristan, Luke Anya and myself. 

Our remaining time in Spain was spent relaxing at the house, doing things with my brothers and dad, or fun activities with the pack. Last I heard Marco's been doing extremely well, it's like he's a changed man. Going home after recuperating from his injuries, he began running his pack the way an Alpha should. I've spoken to him on the phone a few times, but we haven't seen one another since he left.

Tristan gave me the 'ok' to speak to him on the phone and text one another. He thinks it'll be good for Marco to have someone to turn to in case he goes through a rough time again. Isn't Tristan just the sweetest thing since cherry pie? Wait, is cherry pie even sweet?

Summer was almost over and we're returning home in time for a big bash Tristan's parents are throwing in celebration for his twenty-first birthday. Not only will it be a party to celebrate his birthday, it's also to welcome us home as the new Alpha and Luna of the pack.

"Promise you'll come visit?" I mumbled with my face buried into Rico's chest as I fisted the back of his blue button up. I can't believe our time in Spain flew by that quickly. Where did the time go? It seems like yesterday when we first arrived, now it's time to go back home to Port Clyde.

The vibration from Rico's chest against my cheek told me that he was laughing at me! Narrowing my eyes I pulled my face away to glare up at my brother. There's nothing funny about this situation, I won't be able to go anywhere for a solid year once I become Luna.

We needed to stay put in order to adjust to all of our newfound responsibilities and duties. That meant no more vacations and goodbye to the mini getaways for the weekends. It's time to put on my big girl pants and become a responsible adult. Wah, I'm not ready for this.

"I promise we'll visit for all the major holidays." Rico said in his most reassuring voice as a smile tugged at his lips, trying to hold back his laughter. "We'll even bring Dad along." He said with a wiggle of his eyebrows. "You'll do just fine, you're going to make a spectacular Luna." Rico said giving me a kiss on the forehead.

"You really think?" I asked quirking my head a bit to the side as my face scrunched up in thought. Rico's a phenomenal Alpha, so a compliment in that caliber coming from him was mind boggling. Not unless he's just saying that because he has to since he's my big brother.

"I don't just think so Lise, I know so." Rico grinned giving me a wink. "You may not look like it, but you're one tough cookie. You truly are a Perez at heart and I have nothing but respect for you. Aside from you, there's only two other women in my entire life that I've known to be so strong and determined and that's mom and Mia."

Being the emotional train wreck that I am, I couldn't stop the tears that welled up in my eyes from falling down my cheeks. From all the things I've heard, my Mother and Mia seemed like some pretty amazing women and to be put in a category along side them was an honor.

"Aww no." Rico whined pulling me away from him by my shoulders. "Don't turn all soft on me now. You're ruining my favorite shirt." Rico joked trying to lighten up the situation, but I could see the emotions were getting the best of him too as he fought back tears.

I pulled away from the hug and pointed my index finger directly at Rico in a threatening manner. "You're to call me every day; no if's, and's, or but's." He just shook his head and chuckled at me. Next, I turned my attention to Lonso who stood there with the saddest expression, almost similiar to one of a small child who's pet hamster Spunky just died.

"And you Mister are to facetime or skype me daily." I sighed softly, wishing we either lived closer to each other or that I could take them along with me, but neither of those two things were bound to happen...so I had to settle for the next best thing. "I'm gonna miss you Lonso." I admitted stepping into his open arms.

"I'll miss you too short stuff." Lonso responded with the biggest bear hug ever. "You know, Rico may have responsibilities here, but I can always sneak over for a surprise visit here and there." He whispered getting me all excited. "Sounds like a plan." I murmured back turning my face to plant a kiss on my brother's cheek.

I had to admit I've gotten a lot closer to Lonso, maybe because it was less of an age gap between us or it could be his carefree personality, but I still loved them both equally. Closing my eyes I embraced my brother, god I'm gonna miss them so much! I'm so thankful they've become a permanent part of my life, I don't know what I'd do without them!

We already said our goodbye to my Dad yesterday night, he hated to see me go so he didn't want to be around to see me off. It made him way too sad, so instead he was out on the lake fishing with some friends.

He was more furious than hurt by Maria's actions, he took her death pretty well considering I was the one to kill her. Dad told me he never really loved Maria. He enjoyed her company and companionship, but my Mother was his true love and nothing could ever replace that.

Grabbing a hold of Tristan's hand to shake Rico apologized as pulled Tristan into a semi-hug. "I'm sorry we can't fly back to join you guys in festivities, but please know we'll be thinking about you both."

"Thank you so much for everything." Tristan smiled gratefully, "I know how busy you must be as Alpha so it's completely understandable, but we'll definitely celebrate again when you guys come to visit." I am so happy they all get along so well, it's nice to see the one you love getting along with your family. It spreads an unexplainable feeling of warmth throughout your body.

After all of our farewells to everyone in the pack the four of us climbed into the truck and a driver brought us to the airport. Staring out the window at the passing trees, I reflected on all the drama that occurred in the short time we spent here; talk about craziness.

The next time I come to visit my family in Spain, I will no longer be a member of the Manzanres Pack. I'm still royalty and will always be their Princess, but I'll officially be Luna of the Monhegan Moonlight Pack.

I woke up the next morning wrapped up in Tristan's strong arms, the steady rise and fall of Tristan's chest told me that he was still asleep. Not wanting to wake him up just yet, I laid as still as I possibly could. Trying my hardest to not get antsy and move around too much, I kept my face tucked away under his chin and my arm on top of his washboard abs.

Anya and I planned on going shopping today, I needed to get Tristan a gift and to be honest. I don't have the faintest idea what to get him. Tomorrow's his birthday and the celebration. What do you get someone who already has everything?

"What's wrong baby." Tristan's voice came out in barely a whisper causing me to stop breathing. How long has he been awake? How does he know there's something wrong with me? "I can sense your distress. You're body's all tense."

Tilting my head up to get a look at his handsome face, I led a trail of kisses starting on his neck, over the scruffy facial hair growing on his chin, then his cheek, until I reached his soft lips. "Morning, just here thinking of what to get you for your birthday." I admitted while shifting my body so that I could access his lips better.

"I don't want you wasting money on me baby, want to know what the best birthday present will be?" Tristan asked with a glow to his eyes. I couldn't help the perverted thoughts that crossed my mind, he's just so damn sexy.

"What?" I questioned curiously, playing along with him. "Me officially becoming Alpha and having you as my Luna...at my side forever." Tristan smiled crookedly. His hair was messy from sleep, but that didn't take away from his good looks.
.
The cheesiest smile spread across my face as I bit down on my lip and stared at Tristan's perfect face. Taking the tip of my index finger I traced a line from his perfectly chiseled jaw all the way down his chest to the lines of his abs.

Tristan's body shivered underneath the touch of my fingertip, his eyes stared at me hungrily causing my body to heat up instantly. There was a fire Tristan managed to ignite underneath my skin with something as simple as his stare.

It felt like he was searing my heart, branding it as his own. He should know it already belongs to him and him only. Tristan's jaw was clenched down tightly, like he was trying to maintain control over himself.

Using his hand, Tristan guided my face back towards his. Turning my attention away from tracing the outlines of his body with my fingertip. "You're so damn beautiful." Tristan stated with an adoring look in his eyes. "I love you so much, I wish I could somehow show you how much."

Of course being the pervert that I am, I got one thought in my mind and one thought only. "You can show me how much." I flirted playfully, but I'm pretty sure it came out as a failed attempt. I was never good at flirting or being any type of sex symbol.

"Mmm." Tristan groaned using his top teeth to bite down sexily on his bottom lip. Before I knew it Tristan rolled over so that he was on top of me, the bottom half of his body between my legs as he closed the distance between us.

We were in a heated make out session, getting ready to allow one thing to lead to another when what else but a knock sounds at the door. Pulling away and shooting a dirty look at the door, Tristan glanced at me with a raised brow. Basically asking if I was expecting anyone.

"I know you two are awake in there, I can hear your heavy breathing." Anya chirped in her sing song voice. "Now hurry up and get a move on Lise, we've got a lot to do today. We got to get an early start so save the lovey-dovey stuff for later." Her voice ordered through Tristan's bedroom door. Her and Luke slept on the pullout sofa in Tristan's living room area. Ah, what are best friends for, always interrupting me from getting my grove on
Chapter 12: Birthday With A Bang

Dropping my cluster of shopping bags on the floor, I threw myself face forwards on my bed with my arms sprawled out in exhaustion. I loved my best friend almost as much if not equally to Tristan, but I could strangle her for the torturous six hour shopping expedition she decided we should venture out on.

Who in the right freaking mind shops nonstop for six hours straight? After the first two hours I was ready to fall over and collapse. I had to practically beg Anya to stop for lunch, as I began getting the shakes from low blood sugar since she made me skip breakfast.

"Think he'll buy the excuse you told him?" Anya's voice came from my left as I felt the mattress dip a bit from her taking a seat next to me. Turning my face to the side, I looked up at her tiredly. After shopping with Anya, I still had to spend two hours getting Tristan's gift.

I finally thought of what I wanted to get the guy who had everything he could possibly want. Bet you thought I was gonna tell you guys what I got him huh? Hehe, of course I'm not telling you, it's a surprise. You guys will know when Tristan does.

"I hope so." I answered breathing out a sigh. "I thought I sounded pretty convincing when I told him Mom and Dad wanted me to sleep at home tonight to spend some time with them." Not wanting Tristan to come anywhere remotely close to his gift, I used the excuse telling him my parents said they wanted to spend one last night with me before turning me over to Tristan forever to be Luna of the pack.

He agreed somewhat reluctantly, which urged me to make him promise to not try and sneak into my window tonight. Just to be sure, I got up from the bed and walked over to the closed window flicking it to lock. There's no way he's ruining this surprise, I'm looking forward to seeing his expression. Hopefully it'll be a good one.

Gee, one would think I was getting married tomorrow or something with the whole not seeing the bride before the wedding thing. "You really think he'll like it?" I asked Anya searching her face for any sign of dishonesty.

Her eyes lit up and a smile tugged at her lips. "I know he'll love it." Anya winked with a smirk. "I'm thinking of getting Luke the same thing for his birthday, just you watch." She said with a wiggle of her eyebrows. My Mom's voice carried to my room from the kitchen shouting out that it was dinner time.

Lying in bed, I stared up at the ceiling unable to sleep. Anya was in a deep comatose state next to me. She obviously didn't have any trouble dozing off without Luke. I on the other hand didn't catch a wink of shuteye, I missed Tristan too damn much.

I can't even begin to tell you how badly I wanted to get up and sneak over to Tristan's just to be the first to wish him a happy birthday, but I decided against it fighting between my mind and body. Eventually my mind won staying put in bed, I decided to text him instead. I wonder if he's still awake.

Me: Happy birthday baby, I love u! <3 xoxo

Tristan: Thanx beautiful, I love u more! <3  Why  are  u  awake?

Me: Couldn't sleep w/out you.

Tristan: Come over.

Biting down on my bottom lip, I stared at the last text message for what seemed like an eternity. Did I want to go over? I mean technically it's already his birthday, so it wouldn't hurt to give him part of his give now, would it?

Discreetly sliding my way off the bed, I threw on a hoodie and my slippers before tiptoeing out of the room as quietly as possible. Upon pulling open the front door, I jumped and opened my mouth getting reading to let loose a scream of terror. Before the scream could escape a hand cupped over my mouth silencing me.

"Shh, I'm sorry for scaring you. I didn't want you walking over by yourself in the dark." Tristan whispered pulling me out onto the porch and shutting the door. He looked way too sexy for his own good standing there in a black tee and blue basketball shorts.

I raised my eyebrow at him and smirked. "How were you so sure I was coming over?" I asked curiously. Confident much, how'd he know I wasn't just going to ignore his last text and try to roll over to get some sleep?

"Well..." Tristan answered sheepishly. "I wasn't going to give you a choice. I was actually on my way over to get you....kidnap you....same difference." He shrugged with a cheeky grin. Taking my hand in his, Tristan led us over to his place.

For some reason unbeknownst to me, I began fidgeting nervously. What if he doesn't like part one of his gift. Yes, I have a part one and a part two to his presents, don't judge me. Tristan glanced over at me in wonderment with scrunched up brows.

"What's wrong baby?" Tristan asked as we entered his place, turning to face me he pulled me into his arms. His muscular arms are my safety-zone, whenever I'm entrapped in them I forget all my worries. "Why do you look so nervous?" He chucked.

Looking up into his deep gray eyes, I instantly smiled and shook my head slightly. "I wanted to give you the first part of your birthday gift." His eyes warmed at my words and a playful grin tugged at his lips. What a pervert, hope he's not thinking what I think he is. "But I'm afraid you won't like it." I admitted.
"Baby whatever it is, I'm sure I'll love it. You could give me a piece of lint from your hoody pocket and I promise I'll treasure it like gold." Tristan said seriously, causing me to giggle. Seriously, a piece of lint?

Breathing out a sigh, I huffed. "Here it goes." Unzipping my hoodie so that I stood before him in just my tank top and yoga pants, Tristan's eyes lit up in amusement. "No..." I began, cutting off his thought process even before it began. "You're gift is not me." I joked not wanting to disappoint him.

"You already are a gift to me, everyday I get to wake up by your side and see your beautiful face is all I could ask for in life." Tristan whispered sweetly, taking a step towards me to close the distance. I managed to my force an 'aww' from my lips. How much sweeter can this guy get? "If you're not my gift, then what is?"

Turning around to show Tristan my back, I stood dangerously still as I heard an audible intake of breath from him as he took in my gift to him. I was afraid to turn around to see his expression in case it was one of disappointment or anger.

Next thing I knew I felt the tingly sensations of his soft fingertips trailing over my entire back right shoulder blade area. I let out a surprised gasp, because following the feeling of Tristan's fingertips was the warmth of his moist lips as he placed kisses along the tattoo that sat on my back.

"Tristan's Luna..." Tristan's warm breath washed over my shoulder as he continued his trail of hot kisses up to my neck area, where he stopped and uttered into my ear. "I love it baby, thank you." Tristan's arms snaked around my waist pulling my back flush against his front.

I closed my eyes and cherished the feeling of him pressed up against me as he placed his chin on my shoulder and peppered soft kisses along my neck causing me to shiver. A huge weight was lifted off my shoulders as I let out a sigh of relief. He loves the gift. Two hours of pain I endured sitting in the tattoo shop, but his reaction was well worth every second. I got Tristan's Luna tattooed on my right shoulder blade, surrounded by intricate tribal designs. Just my way of showing Tristan, I belonged to him.

Tristan turned me in his arms, grabbing a hold of the back of my neck he tilted my head upward to face him. A look of pure lust was evident in Tristan's eyes as they flashed quickly from silver back to gray. 

Tilting his head lower to come to my level, Tristan never broke eye contact with me. Neither did I, it was almost as though we were entranced, our bodies drawn one another. Tristan closed the distance quickly, capturing my lips in a passionate kiss.

He let out a tiny grunt "Mmm" which managed to set me off. My hands latched around the back of his neck as I tried desperately to pull him closer to me. Bending his knees slightly, I felt as Tristan ran a fiery trail with his hands down my sides until he reached the back of my thighs.

In one swift movement, Tristan picked me up wrapping my legs around him. The gasp of it all caused me to open my mouth, which allowed Tristan to deep the kiss. It felt like the entire room was spinning, moving...that's how alive the kiss between us was.

The soft feel of Tristan's mattress against my back told me, what a dummy. We were moving, not the room but who cares? "Now where were we this morning before we were rudely interrupted?" Tristan asked biting down oh so sexily on his bottom lip as he stared at me with a mischievous look.

The sounds of birds chirping woke me up the next morning as I lay in bed. Sitting up, I instantly noticed I was completely alone. What the hell, where is he? Tilting my head sideways I tried to listen for the sounds of running water, which would mean Tristan's in the shower, but I didn't hear anything at all.

Feeling a little put out after such an amazing night or shall I say morning with Tristan, I kind of had to wonder did something happen that he had to get up and leave? 'Where are you?' I asked, pouting that I didn't get to wake up in his arms.

'Good morning, beautiful.' Tristan's voice instantly answered with a chipper undertone to it. 'I'm sorry I had to leave you alone, had a few errands to run and needed to help out with a few last minute preparations for the ceremony. Didn't you get my note?'

Note? What note I thought as I looked over to my right and there in plain sight on the pillow next to me was a note from Tristan and a single tiger lily. 

Sorry for not being here when you woke up. Had a few things to take care of. Thank you for the amazing night. Love you more than anything else in this world -Tristan.

'Thank you for the note and flower.' I responded with the cheesiest grin plastered to my face as I brought the flower up to my nose to smell. 'I love you too.' Getting up from the bed I stretched my sore body and decided to shower before heading home to get ready. We had a busy day ahead of us filled with excitement.

I was pacing back and forth in the front foyer of my house nervously trying to work up the nerve to go next door. The ceremony starts in fifteen minutes and here I am being a total douche. What the heck am I so darn nervous about? I need to woman up and get my behind over there.

Maybe it's the fact the entire Monhegan Moonlight Pack with be next door along with members of Troy's Pack, we invited them along. Like I said we've all become extremely close friends. Or it could have be due to the fact that today is the big day when a crapload of responsibilities will be placed upon my shoulder, would I be able to live up to the hype? Meet the pack as well as Tristan's expectations to be the best Luna I could possibly be?

Dammit where's Anya when you need her? She's always able to calm me down with her bossy attitude and joking manner. She went over to Luke's to get ready for the party since they haven't seen each other since yesterday. Mmm-hmm get ready for the party my butt, I know exactly what they’re doing.

The ringing of the doorbell caused me to freeze on the spot. Smoothing out my dress and patting down my stray hairs, I hoped I wasn't too overdressed for the occasion. I don't want to come off as a complete diva to the pack.

Standing on my doorstep with his hair styled messily, was Tristan. He was dressed in a pair of black slacks with matching black boots and a gray long sleeve button up that matched his eyes to the tee‍, which was by the way completely unbuttoned with a thin black tie hanging loosely around his neck.

His heartbreaking smile took my breath away when his eyes focused on me, making me feel as though I was the only girl in the entire world. "You look stunning." He breathed out licking his lips slowly.

"Thank you, as do you." I answered nervously with a smile. Stepping closer to him we stood outside on my porch as I helped button up his shirt the rest of the way, leaving a few unbuttoned at the top...just the way I liked it to show off his muscular chest. Next, I got to work on his tie.

"I figured something out while I was getting dressed, it wouldn't be very gentleman like if I didn't come and escort my date over to the party." Tristan admitted winking at me playfully. "So I rushed right over here in time to catch you before you headed out."
Arriving at the ceremony hand in hand, my nervousness instantly dissolved the moment Tristan entwined our fingers together and gave me a reassuring kiss on the head. I placed the gift in my other hand on the table.

Second part of his gift which I guess I can disclose to you guys now since he'll be opening it later on. I bought Tristan an Ipad2 so that he could organize and keep his business affairs in order. Thank goodness for the job at the college bookstore or else I'd be broke and not had any money to buy him a thing.

I was passed around like the bread basket at a dinner table as I got pulled and yanked into hugs by Luke, Anya, Max, Sam, Jordan, Gabe, Troy, Andre, Axel, Jett, Sal and Lance. My eyes widened in surprise as I took in a very visibly pregnant glowing Jewel standing next to Lance.

She stepped forward with open arms in my direction, of course this caused me to look over my shoulders both ways to see who she was approaching, because I sure as hell knew it wasn't me, at least I hoped it wasn't.
"Hey you!" Jewel chirped excitedly almost as if we were long lost friends who haven't seen one another in years. Wrapping her thin arms around me with her protruding belly pushed up against me. "Yea you...Lise. It's good to see you, it's been so long." She gushed. Who the hell is this and what was done with the old Jewel?

"Umm, yea. Hi." I answered hugging her back awkwardly. "It has been long, how have you been?" I asked feigning interest and concern. I had to let bygones be bygones and allow the past to stay where it was, since I'm becoming Luna of the pack.

"Good...good." Jewel answered rubbing at her tummy happily. "So grateful for having met Lance, now I'm pregnant with twin pups. Being a part of his pack has been amazing." She smiled, even at seven months pregnant. Jewel still managed to be radiant. "Listen, I just wanted to apologize for being such a bitch back then. You didn't deserve any of it." Jewel said sounding a hundred percent sincere as she touched my elbow with her hand.

I nodded my head in response and answered the best way I could. "Don't worry about it, that was the past. Thanks for the apology and I wish you the best of luck with your twins." I smiled just as Tristan's parents came over to greet us with hugs.

Tristan was bombarded with hugs as well as quite a few birthday punches from the guys. Hmm, maybe I should've brought my travel sized bottle of hand-sanitizer, I thought as I was busy shaking everyone and their mother's hands, familiarizing myself with the pack once again.

I was complimented numerous times about the tattoo on my shoulder. Everyone seemed to ooh and ahh over it, thinking it was the most adorable birthday gift a Luna could ever give her Alpha...or a wolf to her mate.

Everyone began to gather around the grass area below the deck, which is where Tristan and I stood with Anya and Luke, as well as Alpha and Luna Evans. They were using the deck as a homemade stage allowing the massive amounts of people to see us clearly.

Looking around I noticed that a lot of the females from high school weren't a part of our pack anymore, having met their mates and joining their pack. We had a lot of new female faces in the crowd, being that our male pack members have met their mates and brought them in to join our pack.

Suddenly the entire place quieted down just as Alpha Evan's began making his announcement. Welcoming Luke and Anya as the new Beta of the pack. Jewel's parents came up on the deck and presented Luke and Anya with a sword.

Something that's been in the pack for hundreds of years, it was a way of showing how one Beta passes down the responsibilities to the next generation of chosen Beta's. Sworn to stand like a soldier by his Alpha's side. Accepting it graciously, Luke and Anya took a step to the back as it was our turn.

"First and foremost I want to wish my son a very happy birthday. Twenty-one years of my life have flown by so quickly and your mother and I are so proud of the man you've grown into." Alpha Evans announced turning to face Tristan. This caused a round of applause and a few shouts of "Happy Birthdays" to come from the crowd. "You're going to make a remarkable Alpha and to have such a level minded woman by your side to call your Luna, we couldn't ask for a better thing." Alpha Evans patted Tristan on the back proudly.

Kneeling down before Alpha and Luna Evans we were presented with a golden key, one that symbolized protection of the entire Moonlight Monhegan Pack. "Do you Tristan and Annalise accept the duties of protecting, loving, and nourishing the pack into one of greatness?" Alpha Evans asked sternly.

With that, Tristan and I both agreed with a "We accept to protect, love and nourish the pack into one of greatness." Thankfully Tristan filled me in on what I needed to do at the ceremony beforehand, otherwise I'd be completely lost.

"Well then, please welcome your new Alpha and Luna." Alpha Evans said waving his hand before Tristan and I who were still on our knees with our heads bowed. Alpha and Luna Evans leaned down to kiss the both of us on our cheeks, which meant I could stand up now; whew, thank goodness.

Applause roared through the crowd along with screams of joy and happiness from the pack. It felt so good to know they approved of us and looked forward to us being their Alpha and Luna. Happiness filled my heart as I smiled internally.

Just as I stood up and straightened out my body, I felt Tristan's hand shoot out and grab my own. Looking down at him with a smile, I wondered why he was still on his knees. Did the old man need help getting up now?

"Everyone, please can I have your attention for a second." Tristan called out loudly causing the crowd to quiet down again. "I have one more announcement." He began causing me to give him a strange stare. What else does he have to announce?

Tristan looked at me nervously, causing my breath to stop short in my throat. I began shifting nervously from foot to foot, because I could sense his anxiousness? "Lise, I love you so much and couldn't ask for a better mate." Tristan began causing me to smile at him for being so sweet. He was announcing to the pack how much he loves me, how adorable.

"Mate...my Luna...it's a life long commitment and you've already said yes to it." Tristan breathed as he reached into his pants pocket and produced a small box. "I know we're still young, but I love you and I already know you're the one I'm spending the rest of my life with, so will you say yes to marrying me?"‍
Chapter 13: Duty Calls

Lise's POV

My mouth dropped open in shock as everything around me began spinning causing me to become lightheaded. Are you freaking serious? This is supposed to be the biggest event of Tristan's life. His twenty-first birthday, the day he's announced as Alpha and here he is down on one knee pulling off the most heart-stopping surprise of my entire existence.

The contents of my stomach swirled around reminding me of an out of control cyclone and I could feel myself swaying back and forth unsteadily on my feet. Staring down at this selfless, too good to be true man on one knee in front of me...a chaotic yet serene feeling washed over me.

It's as if my heart stuttered to a stop, then re-jolted itself just when I inhaled a sharp breath. The tears that welled up in my eyes made Tristan become a blurry blob before me. My right hand instantaneously flew to cover my mouth as Tristan held onto the left, waiting patiently for an answer. The sounds of hushed murmurs of "Aww's" and "How sweet!" were heard from the crowd.

"Answer the man!" A voice that sounded an awful lot like Troy shouted from the crowd bringing me back to the present. "Yea, what're ya waiting for?" Max added cupping his hands over either side of his mouth so it echoed through the entire yard. "He's not getting any younger!" Of course this caused everyone to laugh.

Tristan gave my hand a reassuring squeeze, I guess it was his way of telling me that no matter what my answer may be, he'll still love me no matter what. The sweet gesture made my heart clench in my chest. Ultimately forcing my body and mind to come up with my final decision.

In my heart I always knew that he'd propose to me one day, I never thought it'd be this soon though. We were a few weeks shy of our three year anniversary. I guess when you know, there's no point in prolonging the inevitable. We're practically married anyway.

Allowing the tears to finally spill over felt like someone opened up the flood gates of a dam for the rush of emotions to release itself. A slight whimper escaped my lips as I nodded my head up and down eagerly, muttering a barely intelligible, "Y...y-es." I probably looked like a babbling bawling baby right now, but I didn't care.

My legs felt like total and complete jelly and before I knew it I collapsed on my knees in front of Tristan just as he finished slipping the ring onto my finger. Luckily, his strong arms caught me as my body slumped toward his. Taking my face in both his hands Tristan brought our lips together.

The kiss held nothing back as he instantly entwined our tongues, wanting to let me know just how happy my answer made him. In the background I could hear the cheers and rounds of applause by the pack, but it seemed like a faint memory.

I was completely lost in what we all know as Tristan Evans, his hand snaked around my lower back pulling me closer to him. My hands grabbed a hold of both of his biceps in an attempt to keep myself upright. With barely any strength, Tristan lifted me with one arm to a standing position.

Pulling away from the kiss, he rested his forehead against mine and smiled against my lips whispering. "I love you." The intensity of Tristan's gaze was almost hypnotizing. "I love you too." I responded leaning up to peck him once more on his soft yet rough feeling lips.

I was rushed by a screaming; crying Anya. "Oh my god! I get to be maid of honor, I can't wait!" She shrieked excitedly, pulling me into a huge hug as she hopped up and down. "Who says I wanted you as my maid of honor?" I asked with a serious expression causing Anya's rant to stop short.

She looked at me like I'd lost my mind and then smiled at me playfully. "Just try and make someone else your maid of honor." Anya threatened. "I can guarantee you I'll take anyone you choose out. Don't make me pull a Tonya Harding on them!" She spat out with a crazed expression in her eyes.

For all of you who don't know the story, it's about a jealous figure skater named Tonya Harding who got someone to club her competition Nancy Kerrigan's knees to take her out of the running for a gold medal, crazy broad. "I'm kidding Anya, I wouldn't want anyone else to be by my side." I reassured, pulling her back into a hug.

Staring out into the crowd I noticed my parents standing right next to Mr. and Mrs. Evans. My Mother was in tears as my Father stood there smiling. Tristan must've asked them for my hand in marriage considering the approving looks in their eyes. Running down the deck steps I hugged both of my parents telling them how much I loved them.

The crowd seemed to part down the middle and the sight before me brought on another round of fresh tears spilling from my eyes. Running in the grass, I jumped happily into the arms of Lonso who stood there proudly with Rico and my dad.

I can't believe they're here! Could this surprise get any better? "Congrats baby sis." Lonso uttered as he hugged me tightly against him. We separated so that I could hug Rico who said, "I'm so happy for you. Are you surprised?"

Giving him my best pointed look complete with narrowed eyes, I answered. "Of course I'm surprised, you guys said you couldn't attend because you were too busy!" Even when we said our goodbye to them in Spain, Rico apologized to Tristan for not being able to be a part of the celebration.
"We wouldn't miss this for the world." My Dad grinned pulling me into a warm embrace. How lucky am I to have such a great family? "I couldn't have chosen a better mate and husband for you, Princesa." Dad whispered as he hugged me close.

The party was in full swing with Mr. Evans cooking at the grill while both my Dads stood by him chatting. It seemed like everyone was having a good time as they mingled with each other. Some people were dancing to the music.

Tristan was fulfilling his duty as Alpha by asking each member of the pack; if there was anything he could do for them. Just watching him from afar made my heart swell, maybe it was the way he was playing with the little kids by picking them up and tossing them high in the air causing them to squeal with excitement. Then again it could've been how he listened intently with the patience of a saint to the stories all the elders told him.

I was standing there talking to my brothers about how long they were visiting for when I felt arms wrap around me, pulling my back into him. "Can I steal you for a little while?" Tristan's voice sent shivers down my spine. "I need to show you something."

My brothers nodded their heads in agreement, turning around to go join the guys in a game of football. "What's up?" I questioned curious about what Tristan wanted to show me. He took my hand in his, leading the way down the trail into the woods.

Yes, the same trail he led me down three years ago when I first found out he was a wolf. That day seemed so long ago! The surrounding Forest and stirring of the trees made me chuckle to myself as I remembered how much a damn chicken I had been...afraid of an animal eating me.

"Where are you taking me, to the cliff?" I asked with a grin. Funny how he wants to bring me back to where it all began. "No, we're not going that far back." Tristan laughed, obviously reminiscing about the same memory I was.

After a few minutes we reached a large clearing, one that I don't recall ever being there before. "Close your eyes." Tristan ordered and I instantly complied, I never questioned Tristan when he told me to do something. Having learned to fully trust him, knowing he would never ask me to do anything that would hurt me.

Tristan pulled us to a stop and I felt him walk around to stand behind me encircling his arms around my waist. "Ok, open your eyes." He advised. Allowing my eyes to open slowly, my jaw instantly dropping open. "What the...?" I breathed, spinning around in his arms with a wild expression.

"It's an engagement gift from our parents. Your dad...daddy Perez that is, thought it was about time we had our very own pack house." Tristan said proudly. In front of us was a huge log cabin styled house with a wrap around porch. It had to be at least three stories high! "We couldn't live in the place attached to my parent's house forever."
How long have they been planning something like this and how could I have been so oblivious to it? It had to have taken a long time to build this house from the ground up, because it was never here before, so I know they didn't purchase the house off the market. The trees around it were cut down and cleared out to make room for a garden. Again I burst into tears, what a cry baby. "But...how...when...what?" I wondered aloud, unable to form a coherent sentence. 

Tristan let go of me and took a step away, "This was all compliments of our parents, fully funded by the Manzanres Pack. A gift from your father." He said extending his hands out to show me that our parents did all of this for us. Running my hand over my face in disbelief, I began walking towards the house. I ran my hand up the wooden rail of the porch as I went up the steps. A smile tugged at my lips as I wandered over to the porch swing and took a seat.

"Your idea?" I smiled reaching out to take a hold of Tristan's hand as he stood in front of me. 

He came and sat next to me with a nod of his head. "I know how much you loved reading outside your parent's house so I wanted you to have your very own special spot."

We sat there swinging on the porch for a while in a comfortable silence just enjoying one another's company before Tristan suggested. "C'mon let's take a look around inside." The inside was just as immaculate as the outside.

Once stepping through the thick wooden door, we were faced with a living room area, complete with a huge flat screen tv and sage micro-fiber sofas. To the left was the dining room equipped with an extravagant cherry wood table and on the right was the kitchen, which was decorated with marble countertops and top of the line appliances.

The kitchen had huge bay windows that looked out onto a deck, I'm assuming a continuation of the wrap around porch and the vast woods behind us. There were three bedrooms on the main floor with a study for Tristan to do work in. A spiral wooden staircase led us up to the second floor where there were four more bedrooms, each complete with its very own ensuite bathroom. The top and final floor was one huge room. 

"This is our room." Tristan smiled when we reached the top. He picked me up bridal style, walked over to the bed and threw me down roughly. Climbing on top of me, I couldn't stop the grin that spread across my lips. "Mmm, finally some alone time." Tristan smirked bringing his face slowly towards mine at an agonizing pace.

Just as his lips brushed against mine, we could hear shouting from the first floor. "Honey, we're home!" Luke shouted out, his voice carrying all the way up to the third floor. "Holy crapola this place is a pimp pad!" Max screeched excitedly, then cried out in pain. I can only figure he received a jealous smack from his mate Kalista.

Tristan groaned in what sounded like agony and despair, a look of depression spreading across his expression. Both of us seemed to be thinking the same thing as our eyes met. From the looks of things, it seems like we'll never get any kind of privacy living in a house full of these guys.

We decided Luke and Anya, Max and Kalista, Jett and Sofia, Jordan and Brianna would get the four bedrooms on the second floor. While Sam, Gabe, and Axel would get the rooms on the main floor since they haven't found their mates yet. My dad and brothers would be staying here with us for the two days they were visiting.

When we rejoined the pack back at the Evan's everyone was still there. Mr. Evans called Tristan and all the guys into an urgent meeting. Stating he had to bring the Alpha up to date on a few issues that arised within the past hour. "Be back in a few." Tristan said kissing me on the forehead, I answered with a nod.

Anya and I were involved in a heated competition with Lonso and Rico trying to see who could chew the most sticks of gum without gagging. We were each up to twenty pieces and my jaw was beginning to ache from the huge wad that filled my cheeks.

I saw Rico lurch forward a bit and I pointed my finger at him and stifled a laugh, allowing a muffled barley coherent, "Ah-ha you gagged!" to escape. Laughing at Rico caused me to gag on my on ball of gum. Anya caught me, pointing at me with wide eyes and both fingers. I spat it onto the picnic table angrily, dammit I so had this.

Rushing out the Evans back door was the group of guys that went into the meeting. Instantly i stood on my feet and hurried to Tristan's side. "Baby, I got to go, there seems to be an issue at a neighboring pack that needs to be handled now. Stay here with your brothers and Dad. Make sure the pack is tended to. I'll be back soon ok? Love you." Tristan promised in a rushed but serious voice basically saying, 'you're not coming along, as Luna you have to stay and watch over the pack.' 

"Ok, love you too." I answered solemnly. I have to admit it was disappointing, I mean it is his birthday and I was hoping to celebrate it by spending some alone time with him! We've been around people all day! Already it begins, the duties and responsibilities that come along with being Alpha and Luna. Guess we can say goodbye to our alone and peace and quiet time, sigh.
Chapter 14: Jealousy Vs Anger

I spent the rest of the party with my brothers and Anya who helped me fulfill my first duties as Luna of the pack. We organized an after school club for the kids which will be run by yours truly. Anya and Mrs. Evans agreed to help out.

It will offer them assistance with schoolwork as well as educating them on their heritage and the history of the Monhegan Moonlight Pack. It'll be a place where the kids can interact with one another outside of school and stay out of trouble.

For the elders of the pack I invited them to come to the after school club and share some of their knowledge with the children. We set up a schedule for the volunteers to come out to talk about different topics. This way it'll keep the elders busy and give them something to do. It's always nice to feel needed.

Next we went over some issues to add to our agenda for the next pack meeting, which Tristan will be the heading. After making sure everyone got home safely and all the elders had everything they needed, I finally returned home.

"Did you think it'd be this much work?" Lonso asked with a smirk as we sat together in a comfortable silence on the porch swing. My feet were tucked indian style in front of me allowing Lonso to do all the swinging.

Letting out a tired sigh, I turned to face my brother with a smile. "This is only just the beginning, but I'm prepared for whatever comes my way." I added in a chipper voice. My face however, said something totally different.

Lonso raised an eyebrow at me with a 'who do you think you're fooling face' and chuckled. "C'mon sis, it's me. What's really on your mind?" He inquired, his eyes roaming my face for a real answer. Breathing in deeply I allowed my eyes to drift upwards. "I'm just worried about the guys." I confessed allowing my worry to shine through.

"Trust me, they're fine." Lonso answered in all seriousness. "I don't think you realize just how great of an Alpha your mate truly is." That's the thing, it wasn't my guys I was worried about! I hated not knowing what was going on. The least someone could do was mindlink me and let me know what the heck's happening, but no that's too much to ask. Am I overreacting?

Sure, I could have mindlinked any of them to see if they were ok, but I didn't know what type of situation they were currently dealing with. So, I didn't want to be any form of disturbance to them. What if they were in the middle of a battle of sorts? I wouldn't be able to live with myself knowing my mindlink made one of them lose focus on the task at hand.

"You should try and get some sleep. Tomorrow's another day. By the looks of it, it's going to be a busy one." Lonso smirked patting my knee as he stood from the swing. I nodded my head in agreement, giving my brother a hug and a "Thanks." I could always count on him to be there for me.

My brother was referring to the huge project I signed them all up for. I know, I know, what a rotten sister. They're here for two days, but I managed to get them to agree on helping us give back to the community. We were going to repaint the library and schools as well as home improvements for the less fortunate, humans included.

Tossing restlessly back in forth in the bed, I tried my hardest to fall asleep but it was no use. First of all I was worried about Tristan. It's been several hours since they left and I still haven't heard a peep from any of them. Secondly, being in a strange bed in a new house wasn't helping the situation any. I needed my cuddle buddy.

Just as I began to doze off, I felt a dip in the mattress beside me. Strong familiar arms coiled around my back pulling me forward into a hard chest. I threw my arm over his waist and snuggled my face into the crook of his neck, welcoming his warm embrace.

"Bout time you got home." I murmured sleepily into his shoulder. Not having the energy to start an argument. "Everything ok?" I asked with half lidded eyes. Tristan was fresh out the shower, his body still damp from the moisture of the water. All that covered him were his cotton boxers.

"Everything's fine. We'll talk about it in the morning." Tristan's minty breath whispered against my forehead. "Go back to sleep baby, I love you." He said placing a kiss on my forehead. 

As long as he came home to me in one piece that's all I'm concerned about. The explanation as to what happened could wait until later. "Love you too." I whispered drowsily as I drifted off to sleep in Tristan's arms.

Waking up the next day to an empty bed, I couldn't help the pout that instantly formed on my lips. Did I imagine falling asleep with Tristan last night? Was it all a dream? Getting up quickly, I went to the bathroom to brush my teeth and wash my face so that I could make breakfast for everyone. My mood was not a good one.

As I entered the kitchen I was greeted by the sight of Tristan standing against the counter fully-dressed, while drinking a glass of orange juice. Sitting at the island talking and laughing it up with Tristan was an unfamiliar pretty petite blonde with blue eyes. The way her eyes trained on Tristan made my blood instantly boil.

Who the hell is this broad and where did she appear from? He left me alone in bed to come down here to keep her company? As if sensing my presence, Tristan glanced over his shoulder at me with his trademark grin.
"Morning beautiful." Tristan greeted with a wink. "What're you doing up so early?" I stared between the two unhappily, making my way to the refrigerator and grabbing two dozen eggs, bacon, and sausages.

"Here to cook breakfast." I grumbled dumping all the contents in my arms on the counter. I grabbed a few pans, placing them on the stove. I didn't feel the need to introduce myself to the stranger sitting there enjoying my mate's company. If anything she should introduce herself to me, she is in my house after all, isn't she?

Most likely able to sense my attitude problem, Tristan gently grabbed a hold of my elbow. "Baby, can I have a word?" Tristan leaned down to whisper into my ear. I spun around examining his facial expression for any sign of what he needed to discuss with me. Tristan's expression gave nothing away so I nodded my head and followed him to his study.

Closing the door behind him, Tristan approached me cautiously. Almost like he was afraid I was a ticking time bomb about to explode. Before I could blink, Tristan closed the distance between us and captured my lips in his own. The feel of his lips against mine almost instantly melted away my anger....almost.

"Stop it with the jealousy, I can feel it rolling off you in waves." He murmured against my lips. "There's nothing to be jealous about." Not being able to control my emotions, I tried with all my might to shove Tristan away from me. Of course it wasn't any use as he held me close to his body, staring down at me with an amused expression.

"Darla is Alpha Russo's daughter of the Dark Moon Pack. We were helping Alpha Russo deal with some college guys who seem to be throwing wild parties on his territory. He doesn't mind the parties, but it's the damage they're doing to the woods. The only reason we were called over to help is because dad knows we played the guys in soccer during high school, so he figured we'd be able to talk some sense into them, which we did. You'll be happy to know Sam recognized Darla as his mate."

Boy don't I feel dumb now? "Good for Sam." I huffed under my breath. Still keeping a strong hold of my miserable mood, I was bitter for being left alone in bed this morning. It started my day off way grumpy! Am I being a complete selfish spoiled princess? Was it too much to ask to wake up in his arms after not being able to spend time with him on his birthday?

His hearty chuckle filled the entire room as Tristan's body vibrated against mine. Letting go of his bear hold around me Tristan took my face in his hands, rubbing at my cheeks with the pads of his thumbs as he tilted my head upwards forcing me to look at him. Tristan's eyes softened a bit as he gray orbs searched my face.

"You're angry at me." He stated not asked. "Why are you so mad? Is it because I didn't let you come along with us last night?" Tristan seemed like he was thinking hard about what he did to upset me as he rolled his bottom lip into his mouth.
"You could've at least mindlinked me that you guys were ok, I was worried sick!" My anger finally taking control of my emotions spilled out. I took a step back away from Tristan feeling my face heat up. The corners of my eyes stung a bit with tears, my heart was in turmoil last night wondering if one of them was hurt. I was concerned about each and every one of them, not just Tristan.

After all the drama we've been through with the whole Mia situation and my fear of them getting killed trying to fight rogues. Down to my scary kidnapping ordeal with Maria and Marco, I at least hoped Tristan would realize I was an utter and complete worry wart.

Letting out a sigh of guilt, Tristan reached out to grab a hold of my hands, which were crossed in front of my chest. He untangled them from my body and held them entwined with his. "I'm sorry for being inconsiderate, I should've mindlinked you to at least let you know we were ok. Would it make you feel better if I let you beat me up?" Tristan asked seriously.

My mean demeanor cracked at the thought of me beating up someone of Tristan's size. "There you go, let that beautiful smile escape." He teased as the corners of my lips began tugging upwards. Letting out a huff, I was mad at myself for allowing my anger to dissipate that quickly.

I walked forward and wrapped my arms around his waist. "Don't you ever do that to me again." I nagged sounding like an old hag. I stood there for a few minutes holding onto Tristan as though my life depended on it, before I realized I better get cooking. Hungry wolves aren't something I looked forward to dealing with.

Two weeks have gone by since Tristan and I became Alpha and Luna. Since then my Father and brothers have long returned home after keeping their promise in helping us with the community. We've painted both the library and the schools.

Surprisingly, Anya and I have become great friends with Darla. She helps out with tutoring the kids at the after school club. It's been keeping my hands full as Tristan takes care of his Alpha duties. I stood at the back of the room next to Anya, Darla, and Mrs. Evans as Mr. White shared his tale of the advantages of growing up in a pack.

The children sitting on the ground surrounding him stared at him in wonderment. I'm glad this all turned out to be a success. The children as well as the elders absolutely loved being around one another. The pack house has become somewhat of a hangout spot for all the teenage wolves, which in a way is a good thing. Keeps them out of trouble. 

A presence in the doorway turned my attention away from the group for a moment. Standing sexily against the doorframe was Tristan. What's he doing here? A proud smile spreading across his lips as he observed everything in the room.

Walking over to greet him, I leaned up on my tippy-toes to give him a kiss. "What do I owe the pleasure of a surprise visit?" I whispered against his lips. 
He grinned and hugged me tighter to him. "I was in the area, I can't stay just stopped by to tell you something." He began with a sneaky smirk. "Be ready tonight at seven. I'm taking you out for our anniversary." Tristan announced pecking me on the lips he turned and began heading out the door. "See you later love." He winked. Our anniversary wasn't until tomorrow, but I wasn't complaining if he wanted to start the celebration early.
Chapter 15: Anniversary Away

A knock sounded on the bathroom door just as I just finished curling the last section of my hair. "You ready yet baby? It's seven-fifteen and we have to be there by seven-thirty." Tristan's voice called through the door. Not an ounce of impatience laced his tone and that's why I love him so much.

Smoothing out my dress, I puckered my lips in the mirror and took one final satisfying look at myself. I looked pretty hot, if I don't say so myself. It took a lot of work getting ready considering Tristan wouldn't tell me where we were going.

The emerald green dress crisscrossed over my breasts and flowed out at the waist coming to a stop just below my knees. I paired it with my favorite strappy gold sandals along with gold accessories. Spritzing on a few squirts of perfume, I fluffed up my hair and was ready to go.

Opening the bathroom door, my breath was sucked right out from my lungs as I took in a spectacular view before me. Tristan stood there poised to knock once more and boy was he a sight to see. So damn sexy in a pair of gray dress pants, black dress boots, and a fitted black button up dress shirt defining his muscles.

With our lips slightly parted, both of us stood dumbfounded staring at one another. The same star-struck look could be found in both our eyes. "Wow." Tristan breathed out as a breathtaking smile spread across his lips. "You look amazing." He quickly closed the distance between us, pulling me into his arms.

The way he stared down at me with his penetrating gaze made me a bit nervous, it was so intense. "You look amazing." I repeated in a hoarse whisper, it was almost as though I didn't have enough air in my system to speak up. I licked at my glossy lips, which were feeling dry all of a sudden.

Not wanting to ruin my makeup, Tristan quickly pecked me on the lips and grabbed a hold of my hand tugging me towards the steps. "If we don't get going now, we'll never leave." Tristan insinuated with a smirk over his shoulder, pervert.

As Tristan drove towards the harbor, orange twirled with pink hues blended colorfully on the horizon as the sun set. Where was he taking me that we were going towards the harbor? "Are you going to tell me where we're going?" I asked turning my head to gaze at the side of his handsome face.

A sneaky smile gave me the answer I was looking for. No, of course he's not going to tell me! Pulling up to a parking space at the harbor, Tristan came around and led me down towards the docks. We passed a sign that read last ferry ride at six o'clock. So what're we doing here?
"What're you doing baby? The last ferry ride was at six." I pointed blatantly to the sign as Tristan practically dragged me towards the ferry docked at the harbor. "Shhh. Get on." Tristan smirked as he tilted his head in a 'go ahead' gesture.

What? There's no way I'm getting arrested for sneaking onto the ferry. "No, we're gonna get in trouble!" I whisper shrieked, surprised he would even suggest something like this. We're Alpha and Luna for goodness sakes. We have an image to uphold. How would it look if we get locked up for breaking the law?

Tristan shook his head and let out a loud chuckle. "Calm down sweetheart, it's not that serious. I rented out the ferry for the night." Aww, he rented out the ferry? How? "Just me and you." Tristan whispered against my ear as he stood behind me. "Now get on." He commanded in his Alpha tone, making it impossible for me to not listen.

"Hey George." Tristan greeted a man who looked to be the captain of the ferry with a wave. "Thanks for doing this for me." The santa clause look alike waved back with a wink. "Anytime Tristan." Do I really want to know how Tristan knew George the ferry captain...no I don't.

With the flip of a switch, the entire ferry came to life. The upper deck was decorated with white string lights. In the middle of the upper deck was a table for two, it was set up with rose petals spread across the top of it and a bottle of champagne on ice.

I turned around to face Tristan unable to hide the fact that I was pleasantly surprised by this sweet romantic gesture. Like really, what guy would think of something like this or even go through all this trouble? The ferry pulled away from the dock and began chugging it's way around the bay.

Pulling out a seat for me at the table, I sat down and immediately felt Tristan's lips brush against my cheek. Tristan moved taking his place in the seat across from me. I almost burst out in laughter...almost...at the sight of Max who was dressed in a tuxedo as he appeared from the bottom deck with two plates of food in hand. Wonder what he did to merit the punishment of being our waiter for the evening.

"Dinner is served." Max announced in his most professional voice. I could see right through him though as his eyes gleamed with amusement. Maybe I was wrong, maybe he actually volunteered to do this.

"Thanks" Tristan and I said in unison as Max placed our dishes in front of us. "If you don't like it too bad, it's all I've got." Max chuckled as he returned downstairs. We sat and ate our lemon pepper chicken with roasted vegetables and garlic mashed potatoes in a comfortable silence, just enjoying our food.

Soft music began playing out the speakers, which startled me at first, because I had no idea what it was. "Dance with me?" Tristan asked sweetly holding out his hands for me. I stood and wrapped my arms around his neck placing my head against his chest as we swayed slowly to the beat. Closing my eyes I cherished the moment. "I know it's not until tomorrow, but Happy Anniversary baby. Thank you for giving me the best three years of my life."

My eyes began to fill with happy tears. Three years have flown by in the amount of time it takes to snap my fingers...or at least it seems that way. "Happy Anniversary, I love you and thanks for doing all this for me." I grinned, allowing my eyes to trail from the stubble on his chin all the way up to his ashen gray eyes.

"You're welcome." Tristan breathed out obviously caught up my intense stare. "Would you mind taking off you're shoes? I wouldn't want them getting ruined." Tristan suggested as I felt the ferry come to a stop. Why would my shoes get ruined? Was that it? Is the ferry ride over?

Looking over the edge of the boat I noticed we pulled up to another dock....where the lighthouse is! Aww this is where our first date took place. Stepping off the ferry, me barefoot with my shoes in hand and Tristan with a large duffel bag slung over his shoulder. I wondered what was in the bag?

Tristan took my hand and led me across the sand towards the lighthouse. I heard the tooting of the ferry's horn, so I turned around to see it pulling away from the dock. Where the hell's it going? "Wait!" I cried out throwing my hand up in the air. "Tristan it's leaving us!" I shouted trying to turn around and run for the ferry.

Yet, another chuckle was heard and this time it echoed loudly. "Baby, that's the idea. We're staying here for the night." Tristan said throwing his arm over my shoulder and leading me towards the lighthouse. What? Where are we staying? "Everything we need is in this bag. We're sleeping on the lighthouse deck under the stars tonight." Tristan whispered against my ear causing my body to develop goose bumps.

How can we spend the night here, what about the pack and his Alpha duties? "Luke's got everything under control back at the house. He'll update me with any problems, so stop worrying" Tristan reassured me, almost as though he could read my thoughts.

The vast sky stretched out above us as I snuggled my head into a more comfortable position on Tristan's chest. We were tucked into the double sleeping bag underneath the stars. Tristan wasn't lying when he said it was magnificent here at nighttime. The only noise that could be heard was the waves moving to and fro. Being able to spend alone time with Tristan was satisfying enough for an anniversary present. He's the best gift I've ever received in my entire life and I'm so blessed that he's all mine.
Chapter 16: Thomaston

"Yes I promise you that we'll be there with bells on. We wouldn't miss your birthday and announcement as Alpha. No, I don't think Tristan would think it's funny if you declare me as your Luna. Seriously, don't do that. He'll probably shift and attack you if you do..." 

With the phone pinched in between my shoulder and my ear, I was trying my best hand at multi-tasking but it didn't seem to be going too well. "Listen Troy, I have to go I'm a little busy cooking. I'll give you a call tomorrow ok? Love ya...bye."

Troy called to remind me that tomorrow is his birthday and announcement as Alpha of his pack. Like we would miss this for the world, he's my brother from another mother. The transition of taking on our duties as Alpha and Luna has been successful. Tristan and I have been able to work out time for us as well as devote all our needed attention to our pack.

"Who else has my Luna's love?" Tristan whispered close to my ear causing me to jump in fright. "Ahhhh." I screamed holding up the rubber spatula like a weapon. He scared the crap out of me so bad, I dropped my phone into the bowl of mashed potatoes I was whisking away at frantically. Whipping my head to the side I glared at him with narrowed eyes.

Anya instantly began cracking up mid gulp of her glass of ice tea, spewing it out of her mouth. She was laughing so hard some of it began trickling out of her nose. "Th...the l-look of f-fear on your face was priceless." She gasped out in between breaths. "How much damage did you plan on inflicting with that rubber spatula?"

With a raucous chuckle, Tristan bit down guiltily on his bottom lip giving me an innocent wide eyed look. He leaned down and pecked me on the cheek before reaching over my shoulder and plucking my phone out of the bowl. Cringing slightly, Tristan announced. "Uhh, looks like it might be time for a new phone, if I can't get all this gunk out of it."

"Ya think?" I asked sarcastically a little angry that my entire Iphone was covered in potatoes. Letting out a frustrated sigh, I wondered why people get enjoyment out of sneaking up on others? "And you, no thanks for the warning!" I pointed at Anya with said rubber spatula.

Anya just shrugged her shoulders and went back to spraying down the cookie sheets so she could place the biscuits and croissants on them for baking. "What? It was a good laugh." She smirked before going back to her task at hand. From the corner of my eye I could see Luke putting his index finger to his lips indicating he planned on scaring Anya, ha payback's is a bitch!

As Anya went to peel the wrapper off the pillsbury biscuits canister...I forgot to warn her that when the wrapper is peeled off, it lets off a huge popping noise as if a gunshot went off. That noise in combination with Luke grabbing her from behind at the same exact moment was hilarious as Anya let out a scream fit for a horror movie. Ha, karma works wonders.

"That was Troy he was calling to remind us about the party tomorrow." I turned around to face Tristan. Staring up into his hazy eyes, I decided to answer his initial question before getting sidetracked with the shenanigans. "Mom and dad said they'll watch over the pack while we all go." This caused Tristan to grin, he loved the fact that I stared calling his parents, mom and dad. Why not, we're practically married already anyway.

Dinner was chaotic as usual, having a house full of hungry wolves was never a good thing. "I'm running patrols with Luke tonight so I won't be home until late." Tristan said pulling me into an embrace as I tried to clean up the dining room table. He kissed the top of my forehead and gave me an award winning smile. "Don't wait up for me ok?"

Who was he fooling, he knows I can't sleep without him. With a roll of my eyes, I stood on my tippy-toes and leaned up to brush my lips against his. "I'll be patiently waiting until you get home. Besides Anya and I planned on having a movie night with the girls anyway."

"Dance with me?" Troy asked both Anya and I, holding out both hands. He's already been declared the Alpha of the Thomaston Pack. Now all he needed to do was find his Luna. Sadly Tristan and Luke couldn't come with us, they had to tend to pack duties, duties Tristan chose not to disclose with me.

Taking Troy's hand we both danced with our best friend. "Congrats Troy and a very Happy Birthday." I smiled. From across the yard I could see Axel and the boys watching me carefully. Without Tristan being around Axel as my protector was taking his duty seriously. He wasn't even drinking with us!

'Baby, sorry to ruin your fun but I need you to have Troy call me now.' Tristan's voice penetrated my mind causing me to freeze on the spot. Looking at the guys I could see them closing in on us quickly. Obviously Tristan's filled them in on what's going on. Why is he keeping me in the dark?

'Ok, but can you tell me what's going on?' I sent back wanting to know what the deal is? I have a right to know right? I'm Luna! Taking my cell phone out my back pocket I dialed Tristan's number and handed the phone over to Troy. "Tristan needs to speak to you immediately."

Nodding his head, seriousness washed over Troy's expression as he walked off with my cell phone pressed up to his ear, probably away from all the noise and into a quiet atmosphere. Facing Axel I trusted in my protector to fill me in on the events unfolding.

"Axel, what's going on?" I took a step closer to Axel, an uneasy feeling beginning to swirl around in my stomach. My nerves were frayed and on edge. There was a sense of urgency in Tristan's voice when he mind linked me. Boy was I gonna give him an earful once things calm down. He needs to keep me informed of things, it's my pack too!

"I'm not sure yet Luna, but I assure you once I find out I'll let you know." Axel answered in his strictly about business voice. We've become very close friends and to hear him address me that way worried me. Something is brewing on the horizon.

Rushing out of his house Troy came to a halt in from of me. Returning my cell phone, Troy gave me small smile. "Well looks like my first duty as Alpha is in effect as of, right now!" He shouted excitedly, boys they always get riled up over the littlest of things. "Tristan received a tip that a group of rogues are headed this way. We need to stop them before they enter either of our territories and that's not the worse part. Somehow along the way they've enslaved she-wolves they've captured along the way."

Sick bastards, why is the world of wolves always about war, fighting, more war, and even more fighting? Is there never any peace? Hugging Troy, I wished him good luck and told him I was sorry that he had to go through this on his birthday. I also thanked him for informing me what was going on.

'Please be careful.' I told Tristan. There was no hiding the anxiety that filled my voice. I know they're extremely good fighters, but that's my mate and I always worried about his safety. Facing Anya I filled her in on the details, she immediately called Luke to speak to him. 'I love you.' 

'I love you too baby. I'll be home soon.' I planned on holding him to that promise. 'I've advised Axel and Sam to stay with you and the girls, but I need the rest of the guys to assist me. I need you all to get home and stay indoors until I get there. You need to keep the pack calm sweetheart...I'm sure word spread quickly.'

Chewing on my nails nervously, I sat on the sofa curled up between Anya and Darla. My eyes kept wandering over to the clock. This is the worst part...the waiting to hear from someone or for them to just walk in the door and let us know they're ok. Kalista, Brianna, and Sofia were trying to keep their minds busy by baking cookies and cakes for when the guys return.

The sound of the front door opening forced us all to jump to our feet and rush to the front foyer. Standing there were all they guys in the center of them were about five girls who looked absolutely terrified to be in their presence.

Troy had his arm wrapped around one of the girls, just the way he was staring at her told me he had found his mate in one of the girls. Axel and Sam emerged from the kitchen each with a cookie in hand. When they realized what was going on they stood stock still.

'Baby, I need you to work your magic. We've killed the rogues and managed to get them to come along with us. It helps that Troy found his mate, so they trust us but not completely and who can blame them after what they've been through.' Tristan closed the front door behind him and wrapped his arms around me, he seemed genuinely relieved to be home and I was glad he returned unharmed.

"Nicole, Ally, Gwen, Miranda, and Amy..." Tristan began as he pointed to each girl so that we'd know who was who. "I like you all to meet my Luna, Lise." Tristan went on to introduce everyone else that was present in the room. The four girls seemed to huddle themselves in a close circle, they seemed on edge and scared. It was a sin to see them like that, but I planned on trying my damned hardest at making them feel comfortable.

Axel's eyes drifted over to the girls and I saw his body instantly freeze up. A low growl erupted from deep within his chest as he focused on the smallest of the four...Nicole. It wasn't a threatening growl it was one filled with anguish as he stared at her bruised up body. Looks like Axel's found his mate, let's just hope she opens up and lets him love her the way a mate should.
Chapter 17: Pleasant Surprise

Leaning with my chin perched in my hands as my elbows rested on the rail of the backyard deck, a feeling of peace washed over me. I watched as Mr. Evans and some of the male elders played a game of dominoes on a makeshift table. Mrs. Evans was proudly discussing her homemade pie recipe with the female elders at the picnic tables. 

Everyone else stood around mingling. Some of the guys were playing a game of football and their mates sat on the sidelines in the grass cheering them on. We just finished up our monthly pack meeting and now we were all gathered at the pack house having lunch. 

It's been a month since the guys rescued the girls from the rogues. As that thought crossed my mind, Axel ran by chasing after Nicole and a swarm of kids. She began warming up to him a couple days ago after I finally convinced her into believing Axel truly is a great guy. Besides, it's not like she could actually fight the pull of a mate for much longer anyway. They were in the middle of a heated water balloon fight with the kids of the pack.

The three other girls who were rescued from the rogues Ally, Gwen, and Miranda returned back home. Their packs were close on the rogues trail, but somehow our guys got to them first. It made me proud in knowing our guys are one of the toughest bunches of wolves around. Troy returned home with his mate Amy, they make up the cutest couple ever.

I've spent the past month tending to all my Luna duties as well as planning my wedding. I already picked out my wedding gown and courtesy of Anya...the maid of honor and bridesmaid dresses are going to be red, since every other color she tried on didn't go with her skin tone! You'd think she was the one getting married.

Our wedding was going to be held in the backyard of the pack house. It's a perfectly romantic setting, don't you think? Tristan and I decided we wanted to get married soon, so Anya and I are throwing together a speedy ceremony. We're practically already married, it's just the formality of the reception and paperwork that's missing.

"Daydreaming again?" Tristan's husky voice whispered close to my ear causing me to shiver. His arms immediately wrapped around my waist pulling me into his solid chest. Leaning my head back onto his shoulder a smile instantaneously spread across my lips.

"Yea, just thinking how much I can't wait to officially become Mrs. Tristan Evans." I smirked, causing a low appreciative growl to rumble from Tristan's chest. Every single time I mention anything about becoming his wife, he gets so excited. It's rather adorable how possessive he can be.

"ANNALISE!!!" My name was bellowed out the second floor bathroom window. The voice belonging to none other than my best friend. Almost the entire population of wolves froze where they stood as all eyes zoned in on me.
Luke was among those who stood still, he had the football in hand mid-throw getting ready to pass it, but a look of worry washed over his expression. I lifted my hand and waved him off, silently telling him I'd go and deal with whatever problem Anya was experiencing. She's been so moody lately, poor Luke's been so attentive to her needs, but he's also trying to stay out of her way.

Knowing that Anya was probably overreacting for something, I spun around in Tristan's arms and tippy-toed up to brush my lips against his. "Hmm, seems I'm being summoned." Rolling my eyes I gave him a grin. "Be right back."

Approaching the half open bathroom door, I knocked softly before pushing it open and entering. "You summoned master?" I joked with a chuckle cracking myself up, but soon turned serious as I took in Anya's frazzled state.

Anya's hair looked as though she'd been steadily running her fingers through them for the past ten minutes. Her clothes were all wrinkled and her face was flushing a scarlet color. "Geez, what happened? Are you ok?" I asked suddenly worried about my best friend.

Pacing back and forth nervously, Anya mumbled quietly to herself under her breath. I caught bits and pieces of what she was saying. "Can't believe....bad timing...what to do now?" I watched her for another minute hoping she would snap out of it, but she was in her own little bubble.

Grabbing a hold of her shoulders to stop her from pacing, I forced her to look at me. "What's the matter Anya?" My voice came out strong, but my nerves were a mess. I've never seen her this disgruntled...ever. So to see her like this made me worry.

With a look of defeat, Anya's eyes began filling with tears and the corners of her lips began tugging downwards into an unhappy frown. The first tear spilled over starting the waterworks to come at full blast and soon she began sobbing uncontrollably.

"I can't believe this. I'm gonna be a fat maid of honor!" She mumbled through sobs. "What kind of crap timing is this?" Anya uttered throwing her thin arms around my waist as she cried into my shoulder. I stiffened, still unsure of exactly what she was talking about.

Without lifting her head off my shoulder, Anya held up a stick with two visible lines in front of my face. Aww, yay, I'm going to be an auntie. "I'm pregnant." She hiccuped lifting her head she rubbed at her eyes with the back of her hands.

I let out a small chuckle of relief, "Shouldn't this be great news? Don't you want Luke's baby?" I asked a bit confused. They were madly in love with each other the same way Tristan and I are, why wouldn't she be happy about this.

"Of course I'm happy to be having Luke's baby. I would've liked for us to be married first, but what can I do now?" She sighed taking a seat on the edge of the tub. "By the time the wedding comes around I'm going to be fat, they'll have to add more material to my dress!" She whined, no doubt mourning the loss of her girlish figure due to pregnancy.

"How far along are you?" I wondered, remembering Anya's menstrual cycles have always been out of whack so she was never regular. Her eyes shut tight and she cringed as if my question physically caused her pain.

With her shoulders shrugged inwards, Anya answered in the smallest voice possible. "Anywhere from four to five months." If not for my wolf hearing I would not have heard what she said. I inhaled a deep breath, I mean sure I noticed Anya put on a few pounds but I attributed it to us not being as active as we used to.

By the time the wedding comes around she'll be anywhere between six to seven months along! "Things will be ok." I reassured her, rubbing my hand over her back in a soothing manner. "Easy for you to say, you're not gonna balloon up eating for two." She grumbled.

Taking a seat next to her on the edge of the tub, I slung my arm over her shoulder. "As god mother slash auntie of the baby, just think of all the shopping we'll get to do in preparation for this little guy or girl's arrival." I joked trying to get her to smile and it worked like a charm as a smile formed on her lips.

"Figures you'd try and use shopping to cheer me up." Anya laughed giving me a hug. "Thanks, now I have to tell Luke the real reason why I've been so bitchy to him lately." I was absolutely positive that Luke would be jumping for joy that his mate is carrying his pup or pups.

Speaking of the devil I thought as Luke appeared in the bathroom door. I stood up and exited the bathroom to leave them to discuss things amongst themselves. Sub-consciously my hand rested on my own tummy as thoughts of on day carrying Tristan's pups swirled in my mind.

"Everything ok in there?" Tristan asked coming up the steps breaking me out of my thoughts. Nodding my head yes, I wasn't sure if I should be the one to deliver the good news or allow the soon to be parents the pleasure of telling them.

I got my answer soon enough when loud crash sounded, a roll of toilet paper went flying by my head and Anya's shouting voice followed behind Luke as he ran from the bathroom. "I don't care how much you love the Simpsons. We are not naming our son Bartholomew nor am I naming my daughter Lisa or Maggie."

Tristan's eyes lit up with amusement as he man hugged Luke. "I believe a congrats is in order." He laughed as yet another roll of toilet paper came flying out the door. This time she caught Luke in the back of his head.

Anya emerged from the bathroom with fury in her eyes, then she noticed the fact that it wasn't just her and Luke up here. Embarrassment was the next expression that came over her face as she looked down at her feet. Clearing my throat, I reached out and grabbed a hold of Anya's hand. "C'mon let's go have some pie." I offered her an escape.
Chapter 18: Overprotective

Tapping my foot impatiently against the linoleum tiled floor I watched as numerous amounts of people maneuvered their way in and out of the crowded bustling airport. I've been sitting here for the past hour waiting for their plane to arrive. It was delayed due to inclement weather, but I didn't dare leave in case they landed soon.

'Where are you beautiful?' Tristan's voice filtered into my mind as my eyes focused on a plane pulling into the terminal I was sitting at. 'Still at the airport, flight was delayed.' I answered mindlessly. Being able to communicate this way is pretty handy when you think about it. Saves us from using up the minutes on our cell phones.

'Why ya miss me already?' I teased in a playful manner. Tristan was busy running patrols with Luke so I decided to come to the airport alone. There's no way I planned on asking Anya to accompany me. Since finding out she's pregnant there's one of two places you'd find Anya. Either in the kitchen stuffing her face or sitting on the sofa with her legs up watching TV.

The pack doctor determined that Anya is only 9 weeks along after he performed an ultrasound. Thank goodness for that, the complaints of her being a fat maid of honor have died down dramatically. One would think she's already eight months along the way Luke's behaving.

Luke's been extremely protective of her since hearing the news of her pregnancy. She's not permitted to do anything that might jeopardize the safety of his pups. So, that pretty much means Luke has Anya on lock down.

"You from around this area?" A deep voice with a British accent asked catching me off guard. Turning to my left I was greeted by a good-looking blond male with stunning blue eyes sitting next to me. Am I that oblivious in thought? When the heck did he take a seat there?

"Um yea, I grew up here. I've lived here all my life." I answered with a small smile as I thought of how much I loved Port Clyde, it holds so much history for me and the life I've come to know as my own. Wolves...who would've ever thought?

"Just stopping here, flight's been delayed due to the bloody weather. Although if I had someone like you as a tour guide, might make staying a few days worthwhile. Seems like a nice place, you fancy it here?" He asked making friendly conversation. I nodded my head and grinned at his use of the word bloody and fancy. "Danny." He held out his hand.

"Annalise." I stuck out my hand to shake his extended one. "It's nice to meet you and yes I fancy it very much so. I suppose I could show you around Port Clyde if you decide to stay." I offered as a friendly gesture.

'I always miss you when you're not by my side.' Tristan's delayed response caused me to jump a bit from his intrusion into my mind. Aww, even after all this time he still manages to get me with his romantic comments. Chewing down on my bottom lip I tried thinking of a sweet thing to say back, but a voice interrupted my thought process.

"You know you're not supposed to leave home alone." His tone of voice was like he was scolding a young wolf in trouble for breaking the rules. "Where's Axel?" Tristan asked with his arms crossed over his chest as he stared down at me with a pointed look. His gray eyes trailed from Danny sitting to my left and then back at me piercing my soul. Do I sense a bit of anger or was it jealousy? What happened to the sweet attitude from seconds before?

Diverting my eyes everywhere but in his direction. I glanced up at Tristan guiltily. "At home with Nicole, I didn't want to bother him." I answered with a bit of a pout to my lips. Yes, I snuck out the house without my protector. So what, it was just a simple trip to the airport. I didn't want to take away from Axel's time with his mate.

Nicole and Axel are just getting well acquainted with each other. Believe me I know what it's like to be a newly mated couple, you don't want to leave each other's sides. I haven't been in any imminent danger lately, so there wasn't a need to trouble anyone for an easy task.

"It doesn't have anything to do with troubling anyone sweetheart. It solely has to do with safety...your safety." Tristan squatted down in front of me, taking my hands into his. Placing his right hand on the side of my face forcing me to look into his eyes, he wanted to assure I understood the seriousness of the situation. "And I know Axel's at home with Nicole. Why do you think I'm here?"

Wow, he sure keeps a watchful eye on me. Can't get anything past this Alpha, he's on top of everything. Well what do I expect, Tristan's always been protective of me. I'd hate to see how he acts when I get pregnant. Almost as if he could sense Tristan's powerful aura, Danny stood up and with a meek smile gave me a friendly wave and took off towards the newsstand area.

Narrowing my eyes at Tristan, I shoved at his shoulder and jerked my head towards Danny's retreating form. "What was that all about?" I whisper yelled in an annoyed voice. Like really? Did he need to scare of the poor tourist? Now he'll never want to visit Port Clyde.

Feigning innocence Tristan shrugged his shoulders in response. "I know you don't think you're in danger, but there's always danger lurking." Tristan's eyes glanced over in Danny's direction like he knew something I didn't. "So, if you could please just humor me and always have someone with you wherever you go. It would really help my peace of mind to know that my Luna is safe." Tristan nodded giving me a warm smile telling me he wasn't angry at me for leaving, just worried.
"Ok, I'm sorry I left by myself. I promise from this day forward I'll have someone with me no matter where I go, as long as you promise to stop scaring off guys that are simply talking to me." I agreed, giving into his request. It's against my nature to deny Tristan anything. As his Luna I have to work with Tristan, never against him.

"That's my girl." Tristan smirked, "Can't say I know what you're talking about. Dude left on his own, maybe he needed to go to the bathroom badly." Tristan chuckled. Leaning forward he placed the sweetest of kisses on my lips causing me to forget my side of the argument.

He pulled away too soon and stood up, bringing me up to a standing position in front of him. Tristan wrapped his arms around me and kissed my forehead. Tristan was trying awfully hard to act normal, but there was something off about the way he was holding me just a little tighter than usual.

I tried lifting my head to peer into his eyes, but I was distracted. As people began emerging through the doorway, a familiar mop of black hair that came out had me pulling out of the hug. I couldn't help the instant smile that spread across my lips as I hopped up and down with my hands in the air like an overexcited child.

I was greeted with the same cheesy smile as his familiar eyes lit up with happiness. "Lonso, Rico, Dad...over here!" I shouted excitedly. They were flying in for our wedding, which is less than two weeks away. Is it sad that I'm ready for it to be done and over with just so I could get straight to the honeymoon? 

Yes, the Manzanares Pack has their own private jet, but due to new safety regulations they had to land the plane properly. Which means the pilot had to pull up to that long stretchy walkway thing. Hence why I'm inside the airport instead of pulling my car right up to the plane.

"Hey squirt." Lonso grunted as he lifted me into a bear hug. "Who would've thought my little sister would be getting married off even before I found my mate? Mistreat her and you're a dead man." He laughed jokingly as he directed the false threat towards Tristan.

In response Tristan punched Lonso playfully in the shoulder. They began rough-housing while I latched onto Rico and my Dad for a few minutes. After all the greetings, handshakes, and hugs we made our way to the parking lot. "Lonso's driving your car back, you're coming with me." Tristan announced leaving no room for argument.

"Geez, bossy much?" I grumbled grouchily under my breath trying to pull my hand angrily out of his. Tristan tugged me along towards his truck leaving my brothers and Dad to go in my car. First comes the jealous caveman and now he's ordering me around like he's the boss of me? The sole purpose of me coming to pick them up was so I could spend time with them.

"Please don't be like that." Tristan begged coming to a halt at the passenger side of his truck. Before I knew what was happening my backside was up against the truck and Tristan's body was pushed up flush against mine protectively. He was now holding both of my wrists above my head in one of his hands as the other one wrapped around my waist.

Tristan trailed his nose along the side of my face, his warm breath sent tingles down my spine as he all, but growled in my ear. "Baby, you have to understand I need you close to me right now. That guy back there wasn't innocently trying to make conversation. He's a bad person and I'm a minute away from losing control and going back in there to tear his head off. So unless you want me to do that...I suggest you stop trying to get away from me."

A bad person, how does Tristan know, did he know the guy? Do I even want to ask what kind of a bad person Danny is? Before I could open my mouth to ask, Tristan's lips claimed mine possessively in a searing hot kiss. The only thing able to escape my lips was a little audible "Mmph" as his tongue delved into my open lips entwining with my own. Just that fast I forgot what I was angry about again, damn him.

"Are you absolutely positive you don't want a bachelorette party?" Anya asked for the hundredth time. We just arrived home from the airport, obviously a while after my dad and brothers got home! we were preoccupied with a heated make out session in the parking lot. I found all the girls in the living room area watching a movie and doing their toenails.

Tristan said he'd be off bonding with Rico, Lonso, and the rest of the guys no doubt talking about pack stuff and playing video games. Knowing Tristan, he's probably giving Axel an earful for allowing me to leave on my own. Now that I'm away from Tristan, I could focus and think clearly. I planned on finding out if Danny really is a bad person or if Tristan was just being a jealous buffoon.

I need to get to the bottom of this dilemma, my wedding is fast approaching. Was I prepared to deal with the outrageous protectiveness times a thousand? "Yes, I'm positive. Besides how much fun could it possibly be if you can't celebrate with me by drinking?" I inquired as I examined the finishing touches of red nail polish on my toes.

Anya's eyes darted guiltily around at the girls as an all too familiar expression appeared on her face. The look Anya gets when she's up to no good. My eyes widened as I suddenly realized she's already planned my bachelorette party. Hopefully it doesn't involve any male strippers. I can just picture it now, all of our mates barging into the room and tearing the stripper limb from limb...poor guy.

"Why do I have a sick feeling you already have something up your sleeve?" I sighed closing my eyes and shaking my head. "Well." Anya's voice drawled full of guilt. "Lukey and I decided instead of individual parties we should just have one big one. So it's this weekend." The sound of her voice dying down to a murmur at the end of the sentence.
My head immediately snapped upwards as I glared at her, "When this weekend?" I tilted my head to the side in anticipation for her answer. How can they possibly think there's time for a party?!? This weekend is the final dress and tux fittings, our pack meeting, and we're throwing a brunch for the elders.

"Don't look so terrified, will ya? We've got it all under control." Anya promised. Standing up and rubbing her belly she squeezed me reassuringly on the shoulder making her way towards the kitchen, no doubt for some food. That's exactly what I was worried about, Luke and Anya being in charge...and their idea of having everything under control. 
Chapter 19: What In The?

Walking along the row of shops towards the bridal store, I couldn't help the smile tugging happily at my lips. Just the thought of the pack children pitching in this morning to help prepare a meal for the elders was too stinking adorable. Messy and chaotic, yes...but otherwise the cutest thing I've possibly witnessed in my entire life.

Watching Anya teach the girls how to mix pancake batter as I worked with the boys showing them how to properly crack and scramble eggs, reassured me that she's going to make an awesome Mom. Brunch was an ultimate success, considering no one died of food poisoning. Thankfully all the food came out edible considering the fact that kids cooked it.

The guys were scheduled for their tux fittings this morning while us girls dealt with the whole brunch fiasco. I was supposed to go with all the girls for our dress fittings at 3pm, but by the time everyone got done eating I opted for them to go ahead without me. There was no possible way we'd clean up the mess and get to our appointment on time, so Anya and I stayed behind to clean up. Ria the owner of the bridal shop said Anya and I could stop by when we were finished.

"See I told you everything would work out this weekend." Anya smiled, her blue eyes sparkling proudly as she pointed to herself. "In control." Was all she stated matter of factly. Let's not speak too soon the day is still young, I thought to myself but didn't dare utter a word.

Anya and I tried our dresses on and emerged from the changing rooms at the same time. Thankfully Ria left extra material just in case Anya gained some pregnancy weight. Her dress fit perfectly showing her minimal belly, if one didn't know it could be mistaken for a slight beer gut. "You look amazing." I grinned at my best friend and her natural glow.

With a roll of her eyes the corners of Anya's lips tugged up in a smile as she turned to face me, her hand unconsciously landing on her belly. "Ehh, I look ok, not my usual girlish figure, but it'll have to do." She answered shrugging her shoulders dismissively. "Now you... you look like Cinder-freakin-rella, so gorgeous Tristan won't be able to keep his hands off you!" Anya gushed, her eyes trailing down the length of my dress.

Staring at my own reflection in the mirror, I could hardly recognize myself. Being silly, I bent my knees and curtsied, then began giggling. I truly did feel like Cinderella. Letting out a sigh, my heart beat rapidly against my chest at the thought of Tristan looking debonair in his tux waiting for me as both my Dads walked me down the aisle.

Since I have two Fathers it only made sense for Daddy Foster to walk me halfway down the aisle where Daddy Perez would be waiting to take over the rest of the way. It was only way I could see things as being fair. I loved them equally wanting them both to be a part of the biggest day of my life.

"Hey Lise, what do you say we go over to Rustica for an early dinner?" Anya asked when we both came out the changing room. "I'm starved and we both hardly ate this morning with trying to maintain order." Now that she mentions it I am kind of hungry. Nodding my head, I agreed. "Sounds like a plan."

We listened to music on the drive over to the restaurant, each of us lost in our own thoughts. "Hey drop me off up front will ya? I'll go in and get us a table." She suggested. "Seems crowded today." Anya mumbled. There were a lot of cars parked in the lot, but I couldn't understand why Anya didn't just wait for me. I'm sure a table for two wouldn't be that long of a wait.

Instead of voicing my thoughts and getting an earful from the moody prego, I pulled up front and dropped her off. She's probably worried I'll park far and make her walk! I chuckled at my lazy bum of a friend.

Dammit, Anya had the right idea after all! The lot was completely full and I had to park two city blocks away! Sure the weather is nice out, but did everyone and their Mothers decide go come out today?

When I reached the beginning of the second block before rounding the corner to the restaurant a familiar face invaded my sight. He was standing in front of one of the stores, window shopping I suppose. Part of me wanted to heed Tristan's warning and stay away. I debated whether I should cross the street to the other side and avoid him. It wasn't difficult to remember the jealousy and anger that caused Tristan to act out at the airport, but the other part of me didn't want to be rude.

Lost in reminiscing about our heated make-out session in the parking lot, it was too late. I couldn't avoid him even if I wanted to. He had recognized me from a block away as he called out my name. "Lise, is that you?" His voice called out and he began talking steps towards me. "It bloody is you! Fancy meeting you here!" He cried excitedly.

I smiled at the eagerness in his voice at seeing a familiar face. "Danny, what're you doing around here? Thought you were just on a layover?" I asked coming to a stop in front of him. He was dressed casually in a pair of dark jeans and a long sleeved pastel plaid button up that brought out his eyes.

Reaching his hand out and placing it on my arm, Danny smiled at me warmly. Don't know why Tristan thinks he a bad guy, he doesn't look like he could harm a fly. "Well I met someone at the airport who said she fancies it here. So I decided to stay a few days. I was interested in getting to know the place that formed such a beautiful person." His British accent was heavier when he pronounced certain words.

My cheeks warmed at his sweet compliment. I mean he was talking about me right, not unless he met someone else at the airport that lives here too. "Yes, I mean you." Danny leaned in closely and whispered under his breath. "So, where you headed?" Danny asked straightening up.
'Hey beautiful, how did the fitting go?' Tristan mindlinked. Damn does this boy have impeccable timing or what?

'It went great babe. I can't wait for the wedding.' I responded excitedly.
'Mmm, I can't wait anymore either.' Tristan's voice answered huskily. 'What're you girls up to now?'

'Actually Anya and I are headed to dinner. Girls night out, you know.' I sent back feeling awfully guilty before remembering I needed to answer Danny.

"I'm actually headed over to Rustica to have lunch with my best friend." I answered, not knowing what came over me next. It's not something I'm proud of because I know Tristan would definitely dissapprove. "Umm, do you want to join us?" I offered.

Danny's eyes lit up at my suggestion. Then he seemed to think about something before saying, "Really? Uhh are you sure I don't want to impose." Waving him off for being silly I linked my arm through his and tugged him towards the restaurant. "Would I offer if I thought you'd be imposing? You and Anya will get along just fine."

'Oh, ok I'm out with the guys want us to meet up with you girls?' Tristan offered, crap! What do I say?

'Nah, you guys have fun. It'll be nice just to have some alone time with Anya.' I lied not wanting him to find out I was in Danny's company, there's no doubt in my mind he'll go on a warpath. But what's one meal with a guy I'll never see again gonna hurt?

'Ok baby, so I guess I'll see you at home. You two be safe ok? I love you.' Tristan's voice floated into my head making me feel like a traitor.

Am I wrong for what I'm doing? I mean technically I am having dinner with Anya. It's completely innocent that I invited Danny along. 'See you at home, I love you more.' I responded before closing off my thoughts to Tristan.

Rustica was completely packed inside. It made me grateful that Anya suggested on getting out first to get us a table. Danny grabbed a hold of my hand and led the way through the crowd as we searched for Anya. I finally spotted her leaning against the wall next to the bar area with an impatient look on her face.

Approaching her quickly, I waved my free hand and called out for her. She sported a puzzled expression when her eyes drifted to Danny's hands entwined in my own. Then her eyes widened in a panic, she shook her head slightly. I took that as a sign of 'I can't believe the wait...or even I can't believe I suggested coming here' look. This only made me smirk and roll my eyes at her.

The closer we got to her the more Anya shook her head and did this funny thing with her eyes. What the heck's wrong with her? Does she have a kink in her neck? As the crowd separated a bit we reached Anya. My eyes squeezed shut in complete understanding to her awkward behavior.

I had completely misread her warning signs. That panicked look in her eyes should've clued me in that she was trying to tell me something...something extremely important. It all hit me at once, how could I have been so dumb…Rustica is never this crowded.

As I looked around carefully, familiar faces were spread out everywhere in between the groups of people waiting to be seated. If only I would have taken the time to notice my surroundings instead of pushing my way through the hordes of people, maybe just maybe I would've noticed sooner.

Tristan, being taken out by the guys. I mean when do the guys go out? Anya suggesting we come eat and that I let her out of the car first, which is something she never does by the way. Probably so she could warn everyone of my arrival. This, this was meant to be our bachelor and bachelorette party. I realized as soon as I spotted Luke on her right side and Axel and Nicole off to the other side.

"What the hell is this?" His voice boomed angrily coming from the restroom area causing the crowded waiting area to quiet down, it also caused me to cringe as I allowed my hand to instantly drop from Danny's hold. Immediately, Danny was shoved away from my side and in his place stood a furious Tristan. I don't think furious is even the proper word to describe just how angry he looked.

Tristan's eyes flashed from his normal gray to an almost charcoal color. His chest heaved up and down rapidly as he stood in front of me. I could see he was trying his hardest to control his emotions...his wolf…to stop himself from shifting in front of all these people and exposing our secret.

Tristan shook his head at me disbelievingly as a pained look flashed by and that quickly it was gone. Letting out a humorless chuckle, Tristan seethed. "It'll be nice just to have some alone time with Anya?" Tristan threw my own lying words back into my face. "If that's the case Lise then why is he here, holding your hand no less? The guy I asked you to stay away from! Why can't you ever just listen to me are you that dense?"

"Don't you speak to her like that!" Danny shouted from the crowd somewhere. He was being held back by Axel and Max somewhere off to the side. "Nobody asked you, so it'd be wise if you shut up!" Tristan answered through clenched teeth. I could hear Axel telling Danny it'd be in his best interest to be quiet.

"He's right, you shouldn't be speaking to her that way!" Anya bit out. Luke was hushing her telling her to stay out of it. All it earned her was a nasty glare from Tristan who way beyond the point of reasoning now. I do believe his wolf was in control currently or at least it's what I hoped. The real Tristan wouldn't speak to me this way.

Feeling like a complete lying sack of crap and an utter idiot, I stood there quietly staring at the ground blinking rapidly as I tried to fight back my tears. I deserved every bit of this for my stupidity, all the yelling and the anger was for a reason. I should have said hi and bye and then I wouldn't be in this mess. Why couldn't I just be a good Luna and follow my Alpha's orders? That's when it hit me, I'm not Luna material. I never will be, maybe Jewel was right all those years ago.

"ANSWER ME DAMMIT!!" Tristan shouted causing me to jump violently. He grabbed a hold of my arms and shook me startling me. Never in the three years together has he ever spoken to me this way. Matter of fact I don't think he's ever been this angry with me, but for him to lay his hands on me?

"Trist man, let's all go home and discuss this." Luke intervened trying to step in and end my embarrassment. Good ole’ Luke, the calm Beta who manages to talk some sense into the sometimes irrational Alpha. I didn't want to go home especially not if he's going to continue acting like this.

No, no, no this is unacceptable. I wasn't doing anything wrong. Sure, I admit fault for speaking to Danny and the whole hand holding thing was innocent. Just so we wouldn't lose one another in the crowd. For Tristan to speak to me...his supposed Luna in front of all these people...members of our pact in that disrespectful manner just pissed me off even more.

There's ways to handle situations and this wasn't one of them. He could have pulled me to the side away from everyone, and given me a chance to explain, but no he's here putting on a show. Is this how an Alpha is to behave in public? I highly doubt it!

In a way I was thankful my brother's weren't here, although it made me wonder where they were. They'd so kick Tristan's ass for being so rough with me. I don't understand what it is about Danny that gets him so riled up to the point of using violence on me.

Mustering all the strength I could, I ripped myself out of Tristan's grip. I was through with his attitude. Not uttering a single word I spun around, turning my back on him and began to walk away. "Just where do you think you're going? Don't you walk away from me, Lise!" Tristan yanked me back by my left wrist.

My right hand came flying out of nowhere right across Tristan's face, stunning him and everyone in the room. I heard a few gasps of surprise, I must have some sort of an early death wish. Yes people, I've just slapped the Alpha. "Don't you ever lay another hand on me again." My voice came out stronger than I felt and with that said, I left the restaurant completely unsure of where I was headed and most of all what was in store for Tristan and I. 
Chapter 20: The Truth

Tristan's POV

What in the hell, did she seriously just bitch slap me? In a way it knocked some sense into me, but it also pissed me off even more than I already was. One thing...one damn thing I asked of her, to stay away from that scum and what does she do? She disobeyed my request. Does my word not mean anything to her, do I not mean anything to her?

As I watched the back of her blond hair rush out of the restaurant something inside of me snapped back to reality. Taking a step forward, I decided to chase Lise down and demand she explain herself. A hand on my shoulder held me in place as Luke leaned in close and said. "Trist, let her go. You need to give her some space man."

Space? That's all I've been giving her as of lately since becoming Alpha, I feel like we hardly get to see one another. We don't get to spend as much time with each other as I'd like. Maybe that's why I've been so overprotective of her. The guilt I'm feeling from not being around Lise as much as I should was beginning to get to me. It was eating away at me slowly.

At that exact moment, Anya and Nicole shoved past me in a rush to catch up with Lise. Each of them threw me a dirty glare over their shoulders. What, did I do something wrong? Would the way I handled the situation be categorized as an overreaction? Just seeing that bastard holding her hand sent my blood to a dangerous boiling point again as I focused my narrowed eyes on the root of the problem.

Nodding my head to reassure Luke I wouldn't chase after Lise and that I was calm. I straightened up my posture and calmly walked over to where Axel and Max had a hold of him. "Bring him back to the pack house." I ordered, my fists clenched tightly at my sides. I was using every ounce of control to keep myself from ripping his head off. He better thank his lucky stars we're out in a public place, there's no way I'd jeopardize exposing us over a piece of trash like Danny.

When I arrived back to the pack house, things seemed quiet...too quiet. "Where do you want him Trist?" Max asked still holding onto Danny's arm to make sure he didn't try and run away. "Just keep him in my study with you for a bit. I have a few things to handle before I deal with him." I responded, already halfway up the first flight of steps headed to my room.

Lise's car was parked outside in the driveway, so she must have come straight from Rustica. The entire ride home I tried to mindlink her to apologize, but she blocked me out. I admit I shouldn't have embarrassed her in front of all those people, pack members included. I felt like a real jackass after having a chance to calm down and reach my moment of clarity. I was hoping she'd at least give me the opportunity to ask her if we could talk things out, but no such luck.
Running up the second flight that led to our room, I just wanted to pull Lise into my arms and hold her. To tell her I love her so damn much, and that I don't know what the hell I was thinking. That I was sorry for being so rough with her and that I'll never forgive myself for putting my hands on her. I'd promise her it would never happen again for as long as we live.

Swinging open the bedroom door I came face to face with an empty room. Where is she? Did I miss her on the first floor, maybe she's in the kitchen. Running back downstairs I went room to room until I came to a stop in the dining room. What I saw there made my heart stop cold.

"Where's Lise?" My voice came out in barely a whisper as I stared at a teary eyed Anya being comforted by Luke. Standing off to the side next to the fireplace was Axel hugging an emotional Nicole who stood there with tear streaked cheeks. The four of them looked at each other and it was Luke who stood up from the sofa.

"Anya...Nicole...where is Lise?" I managed to get my tone of voice to sound as calm as possible. Deep down inside I was falling apart. As Alpha I couldn't show them the pain I was feeling, the lump in the back of my throat, the aching feeling in my chest. Showing weakness in front of your pack is not an option, though it is allowed in front of your Luna.

My Luna is my best friend. I can confide in her with anything whether it my worries or my fears. Lise always manages to calm me with something as simple as her warm touch or the sound of her soothing voice to reassure me that everything will work out. Except right now she's not around to stop the turmoil my body is experiencing.

"Trist, she's gone man." Luke uttered four words my brain refused to comprehend. Luke's hands held out in surrender as he approached me with caution. A look of worry appeared on his face as though he was scared I'd flip out and go crazy. He had every right to be leary of my reaction. How do you think an Alpha would react when told his Luna is gone?

My eyebrows creased in confusion as my brain tried to decipher what he meant by gone? My head grew fuzzy and my vision seemed out of focus as I desperately tried to remain standing. Did she step out somewhere? "What do you mean she's gone?" I asked dumbfounded. Maybe my heart was in denial, it didn't want to think about losing Lise...not now, not ever.

"Gone!! As in not physically here right now...as in not coming back...and it's all your god damn fault!" Anya shouted angrily as she jumped up from the sofa and ran from the room sobbing. Luke immediately ran after Anya, no doubt to console her. Axel turned to Nicole whispering something in her ear before she turned and scurried out of the room.
Axel held out his hand, in it was a simple piece of stationary folded in half, Lise's stationary. Taking it from him, I stared at it for a moment trying to get the knots to stop forming in the pit of my stomach. Holding my breath I unfolded the letter. Written neatly inside were two lines.

Tristan,

If you truly love me, you'll let me go...Lise.

"If we hurry you might still be able to catch her." Axel spoke up coming to stand next to me, he placed his hand on my shoulder. A look of pity in his eyes confirmed what Anya said is true. She left for good. "Nicole said Lise left with her father and brothers. They're on the way to the airport heading back home to Spain."

I loved her more than anything in this universe which is why I'll be damned if I let her go. "Let's go." I uttered already heading for the front door. Axel drove to the airport like a maniac making it there in record time. I tried repeatedly calling Lise's cell, but it seems like she turned it off. Neither her brothers nor her father would answer my calls or texts.

Racing through security Axel and I ran the entire way to the terminal for private aircrafts. It's where people with their own airplanes have to board the plane and land. Reaching the gate, I could tell we were too late. As I watched from the window as the Manznares jet pulled down the runway and took off my heart broke into a million pieces.

I'll get her back if it's the last thing I do. Maybe I'll give her some time to calm down and figure things out. Best believe I'm catching the next flight out to Spain. First things first, I need to go home and deal with Danny. He can consider himself lucky if he survives tonight. He's the cause of all of this. Then I need to get my Alpha affairs in order because it looks like I'll be out of town for few days. Hopefully, that'll be all it'll take for her to forgive me.

After purchasing a ticket to Spain, I returned home. The next flight the airport could offer me wouldn't be leaving for another four hours. Slamming the door to my study, I got within inches of his face. "What the hell are you doing here in Port Clyde Danny?" I spat out venomously.

"Tsk, tsk, tsk Alpha. Now is that anyway to speak to your cousin? Your own flesh and blood?" Danny asked in a cocky tone. This asshole doesn't know whom he's messing with. The way I'm feeling right now I'll skin him alive and bury him in my garden, I'm pretty sure he won't be missed.

"You're no family of mine." I retorted, with a humorless laugh. "You stopped being my cousin the day your dad decided to challenge mine for his Alpha title. Too bad he lost." I rubbed in, pissed off that he'd dare show his face here after all these years.

We were only kids when his dad, my Uncle got power hungry and decided to challenge my dad for his Alpha position. Naturally my Father won, instead of killing his own brother...he allowed that bastard to live. Not able to face my father, my uncle left the pack taking his family with him to England where he challenged another Alpha over there. This time he won and was able to obtain the status he so desperately sought.

Now Danny is Alpha of the pack. My question is what business does he have here in Port Clyde? "Well I came to pay you a visit, but was fortunate to run into that sweet sweet mate of yours...and boy let me tell you…she is one fine piece of..."

I didn't even allow him to finish his sentence as I lunged at him knocking him from the chair when my fist connected with his face. "You son of a bitch!" My chest heaved up and down in anger. He knew Lise was my mate all along which means he's been keeping tabs on me. He probably planned this whole thing.

After getting in a few good punches I was pulled off the piece of crap by Luke, Axel, and Max. Danny managed to stand up steadying himself on my desk. His lip and nose was bloody along with the trace of a black eye beginning to show. "If you must know so badly then I'll tell you...I'll leave to go back home tomorrow but believe me when I say I plan on coming back for the challenge. I'll even be nice and give you a week to prepare for the fight of your life. I want your pack Tristan and I wouldn't mind comforting your grieving mate."

I went to lunge at him again but Luke's thought invaded my mind. 'Don't do it, he's not worth it. Focus on getting Lise back first.' I stopped myself before saying through clenched teeth, "Get him out of my sight." Seems the apple doesn't fall far from the tree. All this because he wants to be Alpha of my pack? Over my dead body if he thinks I'm going to fly all the way to Spain to fight like hell for Lise to come back home only to lose the challenge to him. I plan on getting my Luna back, marrying her and experiencing the satisfaction of killing him for the trouble he's caused.
Chapter 21: Love Conquers All

Lise's POV

Leaning my head back against the chair cushion, I mindlessly gazed out the window at the dark night sky. As we pulled off the runway, there was only one thing on my mind...Tristan. My heart ached at the distance I was putting between us, but it's not done without reason. That whole incident back at the restaurant made me realize quite a few things, you could call it a reality check.

I truly don't know the first thing about being a supportive Luna. Seems like I go against Tristan more than I was aware of. It opened my eyes to some issues I needed to work out within myself. Sure, at first I was angry at Tristan for embarrassing me in front of everyone, but the more time I spent thinking about it the more I realized his reaction was justified. I would've probably shifted and killed the girl if the roles were reversed, I mean I almost clawed Darla's eyes out when she was simply talking to Tristan.

I just needed some space, time away to resolve my inner faults before allowing myself to cause more trouble for Tristan. He already has enough on his plate being Alpha without me adding to his stress. As his mate, I'm supposed to be around to support him, instead I just aggravate him, I'm more grief than I'm worth.

Deep down inside I knew Tristan had a good reason for warning me to stay away from Danny. I just wished I had listened or that he trusted me enough to confide in me. We lack communication sometimes, we'll definitely need to work on that. Tristan feels the less I know the better, he doesn't want me to worry too much. What he doesn't realize is not knowing causes me even more stress, because I'm forced to come up with my own theories.

My mind began filling with all the memories of the times I've gotten angry at him for little things. All Tristan has ever done was worry about my safety, I couldn't possibly ask for a better mate. He's fought battles just to keep me by his side, too bad I can't say I've done the same for him. I'm a spoiled rotten princess and an unworthy mate.

I wondered if he was thinking about me? "How are you holding up?" Rico asked coming to sit down in the seat next to me once we were up in the air safely. Turning my head, I faced my brother with a meek smile. "I'll be ok." I answered, my voice sounding much stronger than I felt. I was unsure if I was trying to convince him or myself with that response.

"You should at least tell him why you're leaving." Alonso spoke up from the seat across from me, my Dad seated to the left of him. I just simply nodded my head and drifted back into thought. I love my Dad and brothers for not pushing the issue any further, they allow me to make my own mistakes and learn from them. At my request they've been ignoring Tristan's calls, I know it's hard for my brother's since they're all so close.
After storming out the restaurant, I headed straight to my car. When I returned home from Rustica with Anya and Nicole, I found that my Dad and brother's were just on their way out the door to meet us there. They stayed behind to take make a few calls in order to handle some pack issues back at home.

Luckily, they were still there. Upon seeing my red puffy eyes my brothers were out for blood, until I explained the situation was completely my fault. Sometimes I'm just too trusting and too naive to believe that the world does consist of bad people. You'd think I would've at least learned my lesson by now...guess not. "Why don't you go lay down, try and get some rest mi princesa. You've had a rough night." My Father spoke up giving me a wink.

It was his way of allowing me to be alone. I was so grateful for his understanding nature. Nodding my head, I unbuckled my seatbelt and made my way to the bedroom. Shutting the door behind me, I curled up under the covers and cried as the feeling of guilt consuming me whole ate away at me. I hope Tristan can find it in his heart to forgive me, was my last thought before drifting asleep.

I was running through the woods in human form as fast as my legs could possibly carry me. Tristan was in some sort of danger, I could just sense it as the eerie chills crept up my spine. As I came to the clearing behind the pack house my eyes widened in shock at the sight before me. A gray wolf significantly smaller than Tristan's black one, had him pinned to the ground ready to rip Tristan's throat out. "No!" I screamed at the top of my lungs, the last thing I saw was Tristan's sad gray eyes...the eyes I loved losing myself in…come to a close.

"Lise, wake up. Annalise!" Lonso's voice demanded, as I sprang up from the bed My eyes opened realizing it was only a nightmare. Lonso's arms wrapped around me as he reassured me, "Shh, everything's going to be ok sis." It was then I noticed I was shaking uncontrollably and sobbing. What the hell was I thinking when I decided to leave? I'll never forgive myself if something happens to Tristan.

The plane pulled to a stop causing me to take a break in my minor breakdown. Pulling away I took a few deep breaths trying to calm myself the best I could. "We're here." Lonso spoke up answering my thought before I could speak it. Getting settled in was the last thing on my mind. I needed to go for a run, clear my head of all the nonsense. The sooner I get my mind right, the faster I can go home to Tristan.

A knock on my bedroom door diverted my attention away from staring longingly out the window. "Want to come for a run?" Lonso smiled as if he just read my mind. "I'm running patrols with Juan, hope u don't mind." I smiled gratefully at my brother. He's always so considerate of me...always there to help get me through tough times. "I don't mind, be down in two minutes?" I responded after running up to my brother and giving him a hug. Then quickly dashing into the bathroom to change, I called over my shoulder. "Thanks Lonso."
I ran quietly beside my brother and his best friend while they patrolled the area for what seemed like hours. Never once complaining, instead I admired the scenery thankful for the distraction. Once they were finished their duty, we raced each other back to the house. Lonso was in the lead and I was a close second; that is until Juan cheated by shoving me playfully to the side and knocking me off balance, that stinking cheater.

Fully planning on getting even, I quickly straightened myself out and pushed myself forward through the home stretch of our backyard, tackling Juan to the ground we rolled in the dirt until coming to a stop at the back deck steps. It just so happened Juan landed on top of me. Giving me a playful toothy grin with his I beat you again face, I didn't realize him standing there on the deck with Rico until I heard the all too familiar growl rumble deep from within his chest.

Jerking my head to the side, I looked upside down towards the deck. What I saw there both excited and worried me. Happy he was here, but the look on his face scared me. Tristan was being restrained by Rico's arm as his eyes were so dark they seemed almost black in color. I quickly flipped Juan off me so I could rush to his side, feeling guilty for even allowing myself that little bit of fun. See, I keep on messing up. I can't seem to get anything right.

Tristan broke away from Rico and immediately went into the house. I trudged along behind him in wolf form until we reached my room where he waited for me to enter before shutting and locking the door behind me. I ran into my bathroom where I shifted back and dressed quickly. Coming out of my bathroom, I noticed Tristan's stiff stance as he stood in front of my window.

Not giving me a chance to think of something to say, Tristan began to speak, "Is this what you really want?" Tristan's voice came out not sounding like his own. It seemed full of pain and anguish. Not sure what he was referring to I stood quiet. "I love you more than life itself, but if you really want me to let you go...just say the word and I'll go."

I shook my head violently, a lump forming in the back of my throat making it difficult to respond. His back was facing me so naturally he couldn't see my denial. He thought I wanted to break up, can mates even do that? Taking my silence as confirmation to his question, Tristan turned away without facing me and headed towards the door. "I'm sorry for hurting you Lise both physically and emotionally. I hope one day you can find it in your heart to forgive me because I'll never forgive myself for it." His hand was on the doorknob ready to open the door and leave.

The tears ran down my face as my breathing became labored. He was taking the blame yet again, when it was my fault? Not able to speak I ran to grab a hold of Tristan, wrapping my arms around his waist I pressed my face into his back. I didn't want him to leave not now, not ever. "I'm so sorry for not listening to you, you've done nothing wrong for me to forgive. It's me that needs forgiving." I managed to sob out. "I've been nothing but trouble to you since day one. I wasn't leaving you, I was going away to fix myself. I'm a horrible Luna and an even worse mate."
Turning around faster then I don't know what, Tristan pulled me into his arms and kissed me on the forehead I cried even harder for being so rotten to him. I slapped him across the face for goodness sakes, what was I thinking? "What're you babbling about? You don't need fixing, maybe a good spanking but not fixing." Tristan teased in his sweet voice. "My life didn't have any meaning until the day I realized you were mine. I couldn't wish for a better Luna or mate."

Looking up into his smoky gray eyes I could tell he meant the words from the very bottom of his heart...which of course made the tears continue to run freely. "I love you." I whispered quietly. 

"I love you more..." Tristan answered back with a sincere smile. "Think you still want to marry me?" He smirked, I nodded my head eagerly and grinned.

I didn't want to ruin our perfect moment as our lips met in a kiss that signified our missed time away from one another. It's bad enough we allow jealousy and anger to rule our emotions. My only complaint of being a mated wolf, the fierce jealousy that comes along with it, along with our dominant stubborn nature. Tristan and I needed this make up time to get us back to being ok, but as soon as time permits I plan on finding out just exactly who Danny is and what he's up to.
Chapter 22: Distortion

Waking up the next morning in Tristan's arms felt like a dream. It's how I wished things would have always been; not having a care in the world. I wondered what our future would be like with not having the weight of the entire pack in our hands.

Not that something like that would ever happen, but it doesn't hurt to daydream. Most mornings when I get up Tristan's already up and out of bed taking care of pack business. He's been trying to obtain the proper permits to open up a restaurant bar on the waterfront.

Normally, I wake up to an empty bed and spend most of my day tending to the needs of the pack along with the help of the other mates. After all that is done, I lock myself in my room for a few hours, I'm taking online classes in hopes of finishing up my bachelors degree in accounting. My ultimate dream is to graduate and be able to help Tristan maintain the pack's finances.

Majority of nights I go to bed alone, because Tristan is out running patrols with the guys. So, being able to go to sleep last night or shall I say in the early morning hours after spending a lot of time making up with Tristan next to me made it the best night I've had in a really long time. Sad huh?

Guess it's the small sacrifice couples have to make for becoming Alpha and Luna. It's all a part of growing up and being mature adults. Not that I was complaining or anything, because I loved being Luna. It's just sometimes I missed life when things were so much simpler. I could tell Tristan was still sleeping by the way his chest rose and fell underneath my head at a steady pace.

Not being able to control myself, I began tracing my index finger along his muscular chest and over his six-pack. "Mm, keep it up and we won't be leaving this bed at all today." Tristan's husky voice whispered from above me. What the heck, he was meant to be sleeping while I was secretly perving his perfection.

Tilting my head upwards, I looked into his smoky eyes and gave him a shy smile. Memories of the last couple hours we spent in bed attacked my mind, Tristan and I haven't explored each other's bodies that thoroughly in like ever. Guess that's why people say making up is the best part of fighting. Maybe we should argue more often?

Clearing his throat, Tristan brought his hand up to my face and tucked my hair back behind my ear. "Last night was one of the best nights of my life." He admitted giving me a genuine smile. "Me too." I agreed, lifting my head I shifted a bit so I could kiss him good morning.

He kissed me in return and began mindlessly rubbing my back as I lay my head in the crook of his neck, inhaling his manly scent. "I need to speak to your brothers before we head back home." Tristan announced. I could hear by his tone of voice that it was laced with worry? "How about I run you a warm bath while I go speak to them?" Tristan suggested as he untangled himself from me and stood up from the bed yanking on his boxers.

With a puzzled look on my face, I sat up quickly pulling the covers up to shield my body. "What do you have to talk to my brothers about?" I inquired wanting to know what was on his mind. Tristan shook his head dismissively and gave me a smile that didn't reach his eyes. "Why don't we shower and then go talk to them together?" I suggested, giving Tristan a 'I'm not taking no for an answer' sort of look.

Tristan's shoulders fell a bit as he sat back down on the bed in defeat. Guess he realized in order to keep the peace between us, he needed to include me in everything from here on out. I sat up on my knees and threw my arms around his shoulders, hugging him from behind. "Whatever it is baby, don't worry. Things will work themselves out." I reassured him, unaware of the huge weight of an upcoming challenge to the death on his mind.

"I suppose it can wait, you have a right to know too." Tristan all but whispered before he spun around and picked me up. Carrying me into the shower, we spent another hour exploring one another before Tristan announced the sooner we spoke to my brothers the quicker we could head home. Is it wrong of me to say I wanted to prolong returning home as much as I could?

"So you mean to tell me our wedding is in less than two weeks, yet you have a challenge to the death in a matter of days?" I all but screeched at the top of my lungs. I could see as Tristan and my brothers all cringed at my high pitched scream. I could kill Danny for doing this to me...to us.

"Baby, please calm down." Tristan requested running the pad of his thumb over the back of my hand. I was a bag of nerves, why do these things always happen to us? "I need you guys to be there at the challenge in case." Tristan's voice broke off causing my head to snap in his direction. In case, in case what?

Taking a deep breath Tristan finished his sentence. "In case things don't go as expected. First and foremost I need you to take Lise and anyone else that wants out of that pack to safety. I need you to promise me you'll do what you can to help my people." My brothers stared at him as though he'd lost his mind, but nodded their heads and uttered an ‘I promise’ to reassure Tristan not to worry.

While Tristan was making his plea to my brothers, I sat there in what I can only describe as a daze. The knot in the back of my throat was suffocating me, closing off my airways. The thought of a life without Tristan was unbearable. Why is he talking this way?!? I know as a remarkable Alpha he wants to make sure all bases are covered, but it's tearing my heart into pieces.

I could faintly hear Tristan's voice saying, "Danny wants Lise." It was followed by my brother’s response of "over our dead bodies." My eyes began filling with tears as my heart constricted in my chest. The heaviness felt like it was too much to handle. My breaths began coming out in short pants, it seemed I couldn't get enough oxygen into my system then things went black.

I don't know how long I stayed that way for, the only thing I do remember is the feeling of Tristan's soft lips against my own. "Please Lise. Baby, you need to snap out of this."
I blinked rapidly for a few moments and Tristan's face came into focus in front of me, somehow I ended up in his lap and my brothers were gone. We were completely alone in Rico's study, the only sound was that of an animal crying in pain.

Will someone put the poor animal out of its misery? I breathed in deeply and the wailing animal stopped. It was then I realized I was the animal. I was hyperventilating. My arms were wrapped tightly around Tristan's neck as the tears streamed continuously down my cheeks.

"Shh, it's ok baby. I promise nothing's going to happen to me. I just needed your brothers to know as an extra precaution. I'm sorry for worrying you." Tristan promised as he rocked me back and forth gently.

The sound of the study door flying open and Rico rushing inside frantically made me jump. "Sorry to interrupt, but we've got to get going...I think we still might be able to stop them." Rico mumbled under his breath as he began opening the drawers to his desk.

He grabbed a few things along with his keys and shoved them into his pocket before turning to face Tristan and I. "Lonso couldn't take seeing you that way. He's gone with Juan to challenge Danny for his Alpha title and he plans on fighting him on the spot."

Is my brother insane, what is he thinking? He hasn't even prepared for the fight. "Maybe you should stay here with Dad." Rico suggested, which only earned him a glare from me. "Not a chance you're leaving me behind." I stated defiantly. "This is all my fault. I'm coming along."

It took us what seemed like hours to get to Danny's territory. Rico thought it'd be best if we shifted and ran. We'd cover more land that way and make up for lost time. It would take too long to drive to the airport and fly over there. Carlos and a few other members of the Manzanares pack decided to join us in case we needed back up.

Upon our arrival onto Danny's territory we came to a clearing in the woods. It was there that the deafening snarls and snaps of jagged teeth could be heard. We were too late! The fight has already begun, Lonso already issued the challenge.

The group of wolves I was with ran ahead to circle around to witness the ongoing battle. I could hear Rico's barks of what I assumed were encouragement for Lonso. Internally I was falling apart as I stood frozen, I prayed for Lonso to not get hurt.
'If this helps any, Lonso's one of the best fighters I've ever met.' Tristan's voice invaded my mind as he brushed his soft fur up against mine comfortingly. A whimper that sounded an awful lot like my brother had me running full speed to the scene.

Breaking through the crowd of wolves gathered around what I saw surprised me. Lonso was standing off to the side barking while Juan was in the center circle limping, his hind leg injured by a huge gash. His fur matted with blood and dirt.

How the hell did this come about that Juan became the challenger? I cried out at the pain my brother's best friend was enduring at my expense. I needed to do something to stop this. My wail of agony somehow provided a much needed distraction as both Danny and Juan's eyes met mine.

In that moment it was almost as though Juan knew what I was thinking. A renewed sense of determination shot through his eyes. Taking full advantage of the split second distraction, Juan sailed through the air and lunged for Danny's throat. The vicious snarl ensued by a split whimper and then silence made me shut my eyes and cringe.

Juan killed Danny in the challenge, which of course would make him Alpha of the Blackwater Pack. Upon arriving at the pack house to check out his new place we were welcomed by members of the pack. They all hated Danny and his father for killing their Alpha so many years ago.

Ironically, Juan found his mate Kelly, she's one of the girls living within the pack. Her family was too scared to flee when Danny's father initially became Alpha, so they continued living there. Juan looked like he was ready to get to know Kelly and her family, but Tristan was giving him tidbits on being an Alpha.

"So he beat you to issuing the challenge?" I asked Lonso incredulously as we sat on the steps of the Blackwater Pack house. Once his excitement of becoming Alpha dies down a bit I'll be sure to thank Juan for his generous sacrifice. He's off running around like a child on Christmas morning. Did he ever consider the fact that he could've been killed today.

"Yea, before I even got to open my mouth he mindlinked me that as a best friend he couldn't have me in crap condition for my little sister's wedding." Lonso began with a chuckle before the smile wiped away and a serious look came over his expression. "Then he said to tell you he loves you as if you were his own sister and as a member of the Manzanares pack he swore he would do anything to protect his princesa."

My heart swelled at my brother's words. How awesome of a person is Juan for sacrificing himself for the challenge? "Oh yea, Don't be mad if he doesn't buy you guys anything. Juan also told me if he wins, consider it a wedding gift to you and Tristan."

A smile tugged at my lips as my hysterical laughter filled the air around us. To be honest with you, I don't think any wedding gift will top Juan's. He's taken away all my worries and given me Tristan's safety. Nothing will be able to beat that.

Now that all the drama and arguments are handled, all that was left for me to do was one thing. Return home and get married to the love of my life. It's time for me to become Tristan's wife and boy, am I ready.
Chapter 23: The Beginning

Lise's POV

After helping Juan settle into his new duty as Alpha, we returned home from Spain refreshed. Instantly I was thrust into a whirlwind of activity all centered around the last minute tying up of loose ends before the wedding. I had to give Mom and Mrs. Evans all the credit, without them this wedding probably wouldn't be taking place.

They practically planned the whole thing, making sure everything was perfect ranging from the flowers and decorations down to the meal we decided to serve. Of course they asked for my input, making sure I approved. All I was really in charge of were the dresses and showing up!

Everyone in the room bustled around busily, small conversations could be heard amongst all in the room. As for me, I was sitting as still as I possibly could, allowing myself to daydream of how stunningly handsome Tristan will look. My mind raced in all types of directions as I completed my mental checklist. I wanted this day to be as perfect as could be.

Something old was the veil, my birth mother's veil that Daddy Perez gave to me before we left Spain to return home for the wedding. He said Mom would've wanted me to have it, it was the same veil she wore for her wedding. Something new would be the white satin garter currently wrapped around my thigh waiting patiently for Tristan to remove later.

Something borrowed...the stunning two carat ruby earrings in my ears. Complimentary of Mommy Foster, a tenth wedding anniversary gift from Daddy Foster. Gee, I'm beginning to confuse myself trying to keep my two sets of parents straight.

"Open your eyes." Anya announced as my make up artist put on her finishing touches. Anya just got done putting on my veil, her voice wavered a bit which caused me to glance over at my best friend briefly. She was positively glowing. A small barely noticeable pouch protruding from the front of her dress.

Mrs. Evans, my Mom, and my bridesmaids Darla, Nicole, Kalista, Brianna, and Sophia stood there behind Anya staring at me proudly. They were all staring at me with star struck eyes. Why are they looking at me that way? It's just me.

Anya's eyes were filled to the brim with tears as Anya waved her hand in front of her face as to hold back from crying. "What's wrong? Are you feeling ok?" I asked full of concern. Her response was a quick nod yes, before she jerked her head pointedly at the mirror in front of me.

"Don't mind me, my hormones are out of whack from the pregnancy." She responded with a smile. "That and the fact that my best friend looks like a beautiful princess on one of the most important days of her life." Turning to look at myself in the mirror, I gasped at the reflection of golden lined hazel eyes staring back at me.

Indeed I truly did look and feel like a princess as I allowed the corners of my glossy lips to tug up into a huge grin. My hair was left down and cascaded down my back in huge blond ringlets and flawless was the only way to describe my makeup. My dress fit snug up top flowing out into a long train behind me. The corset I donned underneath my dress made my cleavage look outstanding.

"Whoa, you girls look amazing!" Luke's voice cried out as he stepped into the room. Anya rushed to his side smacking him on the arm relentlessly with the palms of her hand. I'm pretty sure her flimsy hits weren't doing any form of physical damage.

"What're you doing in here?" She all but growled at him. "I swear Tristan better not be here, it's bad luck to see the bride before the wedding!" Anya screamed towards the closed door.

Holding his hands up in a 'I surrender' gesture, Luke grabbed a hold of Anya's arms and tugged her to his side. "Hey don't shoot the messenger!" He whined handing me a box with a pink bow on top. "Tristan insisted you needed this, plus I needed to check up on my two babies." Luke admitted the last part pitifully as he rubbed Anya's belly lovingly.

This caused her tough exterior to melt away slightly, leaning in Anya rolled her eyes and kissed Luke before shooing him away. "The baby and I are fine, now get out of here before you make us late!" She all but dragged him to the door and shoved him out.
Turning around to face me with a self satisfied look, Anya raised her eyebrows. "Well...c'mon and open it. Aren't you the least bit eager to find out what's in the box?" 

Shaking my head, I let out a laugh at my crazy best friend and her extreme mood-swings.
I unwrapped the gift in my hands, my eyes instantly teared up as I stared at what was in the box. "What is it?" Anya, Nicole, and Darla asked standing across from me in wonderment. I could only shake my head in disbelief, this guy is just too much, I thought as I held the contents up for display.

"Something blue." My voice came out in barely a whisper as a single tear escaped my left eye. I knew then with every fiber in my being and without a single doubt in my mind that in a few minutes time...I'd be marrying the best thing to ever possibly happen to me.

"Seriously? You're crying over a pack of winterfresh gum? And here I thought my hormones were out of whack, you sure you're not pregnant?" Anya burst out into a fit of giggles causing everyone, along with myself to begin laughing uncontrollably. Hey it's the thought that counts. Tristan always managed to think of everything, no matter how big or little it may have been.

A knock sounding at the door interrupted our moment of fun. Daddy Foster poked his head into the door, giving me a wink. "You look gorgeous princess, looks like all the guests have arrived and it's time to get the show on the road." We all shuffled out the room and got into formation as the sound of the bridal chorus filled the backyard of our pack house.


Tristan's POV

My heart drummed violently against my chest and the palms of my hands began sweating profusely as I stood next to Luke waiting for her arrival. I secretly hoped she liked the gift and that no one else thought to get her something blue. The bridesmaids already began their march down the aisle, followed by the ring bearer and flower girls...she's next.

I craned my neck slightly trying to catch a glimpse of my beautiful bride, but it was to no avail because the entire rows of guests stood up from their seats obstructing my view. "Gee, calm down will you. You have forever with her." Luke joked quietly elbowing me in the side. I can always count on my best friend to help relieve some of the tension with his joking manner.

I gave Luke a grin at the thought of forever with Lise. Nothing could be better than spending the rest of my days with the love of my life. The air surrounding me charged with static electricity. It was almost as though a magnetic force-field forced my eyes to focus solely on the angel being escorted down the aisle.

I couldn't pry my eyes away from those familiar hazel eyes that seemed to penetrate my soul and steal my heart all within a matter of seconds...three years ago. It seemed like such a long time has passed by, but forever still wouldn't be enough time for Lise to be mine. It was almost as if a heavenly glow surrounded her as she floated towards me, halfway down the aisle Mr. Foster handed her off to Alpha Perez.

I shifted my weight from one foot to the other. I was beginning to grow impatient. The waiting was beginning to get to me, it seemed like this was the longest walk of my life. I was eager to break free and run down the aisle in order to close the distance between us. Pull her into my arms and pronounce us husband and wife, to hell with the ceremony.

Finally, Alpha Perez and Lise came to a stop in front of me. He leaned in to kiss his daughter on the cheek with tear filled eyes and placed Lise's hand into mine. I can honestly tell you I don't recall the entire ceremony...not a single second of it. I mean sure, I repeated the vows that were expected of me.

Truthfully, I was entirely entranced by my mate and her beauty. The quietness of the woods made it feel as though there was no one else there with us. Like it was just Lise and I standing there alone...we were completely lost in one another.

It was only when it was announced that I could kiss the bride, did I break my intense gazing battle with Lise. I quickly glanced over at my Father...who was the one joining us in holy matrimony to make sure I had heard him correctly. A slight nod of his head and a smile proved to me that I indeed heard him loud and clear.

I pulled Lise closer and used the palm of my hand to cup the side of her face. Lise's lips parted slightly in eager anticipation. As I slowly inched forward, I dipped my head and whispered against her lips, "I love you, Lise."

I'm positive my eyes flashed silver upon hearing Lise's response of, "I love you more, my Alpha." Just hearing her call me her Alpha forced chills up my spine. I loved the sound of it wanting to hear it over and over again.

Biting down on her bottom lip playfully, I quickly joined our lips. Her thin arms snaked around the back of my neck as I held her impossibly closer by the waist. Lise initiated deepening the kiss, which caused me to smile against her lips. The intensity of our bond pumped through my veins causing a tingling sensation throughout. I can't wait until tonight.

I don't know how long we stood there for tasting one another. The roar of clapping hands and wolf whistles echoed around us for a really long time. The continuous clearing of a throat to my right hand side was beginning to annoy me.

Pulling myself away from Lise's spell over me, I came face to face with my Father who gave me a pointed look and a smirk. "I now present to you Mr. and Mrs. Tristan Evans." Dad announced slapping me proudly on the back. She's mine now in every sense of the word, nothing and I mean nothing will ever come between us.


Lise's POV

We turned to face the crowd and immediately headed to the deck where we were having the reception. A princess couldn't ask for a better wedding. Everything was absolutely, positively perfect.

After eating and the congratulatory toasts, soft music filled our backyard. Of course the first magical dance was between Tristan and I as husband and wife. Eek, I'm officially his wife, Mrs. Tristan Evans.

It seems like I shared a dance with both my Dads, my brothers, Axel, Troy, Luke, hell even Marco was there! It seemed like I danced with every freaking male wolf in the pack. My feet were beginning to develop a dull ache. All I wanted was for this to be over so I could lie down in Tristan's arms.

"Can I cut in?" Tristan's deep sensual voice drifted to my ears from behind me as I danced with Max. A sigh of relief escaped my lips when Tristan's muscular arms wrapped around me comfortingly. As we swayed from side to side, the contents of my stomach began swirling about.
Was it something I ate that caused this nauseous feeling, the chicken maybe? Ugh! I prayed silently for it to go away, I have huge plans for Tristan and I tonight, none of which included being sick with food poisoning.

"What's wrong baby? You ok?" Tristan asked his voice laced with worry as he stared at me in concern. Suddenly, I stopped moving my hand flew up to cup my mouth as I took off running into the house, no doubt towards the bathroom.

Hovering over the toilet, I emptied the entire contents of my stomach carefully. I didn't want to ruin my dress, what a waste of money. Tristan being the hero he is, leaned over and whispered soothing words in my ear as he helped hold back hair with one hand and rubbed my back with the other.

The blood began swooshing in my ears as I froze up. Something Anya said earlier rushing back to mind. 'Seriously? You're crying over a pack of winterfresh gum and here I thought my hormones were out of whack...you sure you're not pregnant?'

Thinking back to two weeks ago when we were in Spain, my eyes grew wide in disbelief. Could it be, was I...? I've never been this irresponsible in the three years we've been together! The stress of becoming Luna must've scrambled my brains.

I can't remember the last time I've taken my birth control pill. The last time I refilled my prescription had to be months ago. Never mind all the making-up Tristan and I did while in Spain.

Looking up into Tristan's worrisome ashen gray eyes, I managed to croak out a silent admission. "Tristan, I think..." My voice was so low I wasn't sure he'd hear me. I don't know if I even wanted him to hear me. "I think I might be pregnant."

Tristan yanked me up into his arms and wrapped his arms around me. Kissing the top of my forehead, he pulled back and stared at me seriously before the biggest smile overcame his lips, showing off his dimples. "Well, then I guess I can definitely say this is the best day of my entire life."

His one comment let me know that Tristan was eager for me to be pregnant. He was ready to start a family. Unconsciously my hand found it's way to my stomach, just the thought of carrying a part of Tristan inside, excited me. It was then that I knew, even if I wasn't pregnant I definitely wanted to start my own little family with the man that noticed me and became my everything.
