FACE TIME

ipam


Smashwords Edition Copyright 2018 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.






From the teen mind…


Inside her personal residential mud house, seventeen-year-old Caim attends her daily, boring hologram school classes while living for a paying job, after graduating the program.


But during her current teenly free time, she enters into the Dark Room.


The Dark Room is an interactive hologram setting, where the teen mind transforms into a hologram gamer that can dance, sing, drive, fly or another fun combination of teenly activities inside a pretend playground, within a pretend playhouse that offers up fun, adventure, danger, and a special grand prize within each hologram game, that is not shared with the other teen gamers.








Present day, time, place, and space

Day One


Cold temperatures and cloudy gray colored skies
Home setting of Jaybow and Batum
Dark Room setting with seventeen-year-old Caim
05:16 pm


The center stage platform is illuminated with bright light, beaming down on a stationary row of five upright teenagers. Each teen holds a hand-held back tinted microphone near a pout of red tinted lips, lifting the free arm into the air and then drops down a chin into the chest.
The musical song title of Baby One More Time continues to play the notes with the unique voice, singing: Oh, baby, baby/ Oh, baby, baby/ Oh, baby, baby/ How was I supposed to know/ That something wasn’t right here/ Oh, baby, baby/ I shouldn’t have let you go/ And now you’re out of sight, yeah…
Beyond the center stage platform, the surrounding space is midnight dark, except the continuous bright flashes of individual mobile telephone lights from each audience member. The audience sounds with cheers, claps, and whistles.
On top of the center stage platform in the bright light, each teen wears a school girl outfit. The school girl outfit consists of a white tinted shirt underneath a gray colored sweater. Each student wears a pair of thigh-high socks in gray and white hue and a pair of black colored platform shoes. Each student possesses a set of pigtails which is tied with a pink tinted pom-pom hair decoration.
The first teen displays pale skin and a pair of black colored pigtails. The second teen displays pink tinted skin, a set of pink tinted pigtails, and an Adam’s apple. The third teen displays peach colored skin and a pair of brown colored pigtails. The fourth teen displays dark skin and a set of platinum silver tinted pigtails. The fifth teen displays olive skin tone and a pair of blonde tinted pigtails.
The pink tinted haired second teen drops his arm and the microphone which sounds with a loud thump on top of the wooden stage. The male teen turns with a smile and reaches out, twisting the third female teen next to him towards his grin, cuddling her body and leans over, kissing her face. She moans with fun and then groans with pleasure. He grunts with fun and pleasure also.
The first female teen with the set of black haired pigtails drops her arm and looks up with a smile, staring at the back spine on the upright female in front of the row of teens. “Thanks for coming and being a part of our musical show, Britney.”
The third female teen with brown colored pigtails pulls back from the male with a wink. “Thanks for coming and being a part of my musical show, Nightjar!”
He leans over with a grin and a whisper. “Get rid of your friends right now…”
“They’re your friends too.” She touches his open blouse that exposes his chest hair with a giggle.
He smiles. “Then, me and you can make more beautiful music as our naked bodies rub sideways together, without the permission and the knowledge of your parents.”
She nods with a smile. “I like.”
The two other teens look up to see hologram figure Britney Spears also.
The hologram image of American singer Britney Spears wears the same school girl outfit and then spins around with a smile to see each teen.
Note: Britney Spears had been a true American singer, songwriter, dancer, and actress during the 1990s. Her first musical song entitled Baby One More Time had been performed in the year 1998.
Britney nods to each teen and then points at the middle female teenager. “Caim, your E-flat musical note sounded into my eardrums like an E-sharp ping. Work on that before we meet again!”
The three teen female with the pair of brown pigtails turns and nods with a smile to Britney, “Yes, Britney!”
Britney lifts a hand with a nod to each teen. “Bye!”
The room goes dark.

“Caim,” a loud overbearing female timber echoed into the Dark Room. “Your supper meal is getting cold. Wash your hands and your face from your smelly sweat and then come down to the kitchen setting please.”
The same room, which was called the Dark Room, illuminated the darkness with a row of overhead ceiling of bright light and measured four feet long by four feet wide by seven feet high, the size of an enclosed wardrobe closet. The interior room was square shaped with three black tinted metal walls, a matching metal floor, and a rack of matching ceiling plates. The forward wall was composed of solid sheet of glass that held a television monitor which glittered in multi-colors without power. In the middle of the closet-like enclosed room, a large, curved, and oversized metal smooth black hue chair stood in both silence and isolation.
On each side arm within the metal chair, a smooth long matching black tinted panel displayed tiny rows of colored buttons and as each button protruded upward to meet a human finger pad for selecting an augmented reality hologram mind game for a single human.
Caim continued to sit inside the smooth curved chair with a sour frown and wore a solid black tinted one-piece jumpsuit which covered her entire body from her throat muscles down to the ten toes and over to each hand of manicured fingernails in yellow hue for amusement. She displayed a tall and slender body frame with a head of long dark brown hair, a pair of green eyeballs, and a tone of peach skin tone.
A single hologram player could wear any type of clothing, even their own birthday suit of nakedness. But the metal chair was always cold to the clothed human fanny and as the black jumpsuit came with the hologram chair.
She reached up and removed the plastic head and face gear which also protected her real human face and her real human skull during an augmented reality session inside the Dark Room and as the action sequences inside the hologram mind game felt, tasted, smelled, and appeared real, but not. Sometimes, the single player would get excited and then tumbled off the metal chair while stopping the mind game, injuring a body part.
Inside the hologram game, Caim could instantly become another character that would walk, run, squat, fight, fly, and perform any other supernatural feat through the hidden computer inside the metal chair, where the brains of the Dark Room resided.
Caim, her boyfriend Nightjar and her three other high school hologram friends had finished an augmented reality play session with the musical diva named Britney Spears.
Currently, in the year 2095, the concept of a Dark Room allowed the marriage of the modern day hologram technology and the single human mind to surf the free internet waves while electronically communicating with the supercomputer, controlling an imaginative play atmosphere and interacting with another single or multi-minds inside a single hologram game.
Now, the room was dead-feeling in solid black hue without speech or movement or personality.
Caim slowly stood upright from the chair and stripped off the black jumpsuit with a huff of annoyance at her mother Jaybow, dropping the clothing item down into the metal chair while walking around naked.
Her mother Jaybow had killed the fun augmented reality inside the Dark Room with a master kill-switch remote control devise which was located somewhere on her person, at all times.
The four real school friends of Caim had quickly disappeared and then disconnected from the playing augmented reality session inside the Dark Room.
She exited the room into the third floor level of dull gray painted walls, entering the shared lavatory with her younger sister, slamming the door with a huff of frustration.
Caim quickly cleaned her sweating body wearing a sundress and a pair of sandals in bright peach tone. Her parents expected each child to be dressed and happy during the supper meal. She exited the bathroom, slowly climbing down each wooden plank with a sour frown, landing on top of the single large room that served as the living room, dining room, and kitchen setting. She moved ahead and slid down into the hard steel chair, staring down at the plate on top of the glass dining room table.
The room presented a rectangle shape, where two side walls exhibited a row of glass windows. Each glass window displayed the tiny manicured rear lawn from each next door neighbor. Each mud house alternated the frontal foundation position viewing only a manicured back yard in-between your two neighbors without seeing the neighbor, of course. The mud house only displayed a back lawn for show and peace of mud…mind.
Each back yard view displayed a pod of colorful flowers, a plot of manicured green grass and a small grove of short flowering trees that bloomed continuously from the bright heated sunlight. However, she could never see or visit her own back yard as each mud house did not possess a side walkway that curled around the house foundation either.
The entrance wall contained a row of modern day kitchen appliances for preparing a meal. The interior single room presented a homey, cozy atmosphere with numerous mismatched furniture pieces, a long sofa of red and green flowers, a sitting chair in purple leather, a rocking chair that creaked, a loveseat in black and aqua squares, a lounge chair in gray fabric, and a second sofa in white and yellow strips. Beside each furniture piece, a side table stood in various textures and colors, such like, a silver chrome table, a tan colored wooden table, a glass table, a black tinted wooden table, and a dark brown wooden table.
The two side walls cuddled each different colored furniture piece with comfort. On the rear wall, which was opposite from the entrance wall beside the staircase of light wooden planks, the wall surface was a solid black glass. The solid black glass flicked with circles of colored lights.
Caim continued to sit at the table and looked up with smile to view the side wall of solid black tint. A set of four individual faces from each one of her teenly friends appeared with a smile.
The black-haired female smiled at Caim, “Hey, Caim!” 
“Good night, friends of Caim!” Her mother Jaybow flung a hand into the air and as the solid black communication wall viewed her motion and then quickly powered down the communication device back into midnight black hue. Her mother wore a lavender colored sundress and a pair of matching shoes, possessing an overweight body from working too much, a head of shoulder length dark brown hair, a pair of green eyeballs, and a tone of peach skin tone. She stared with a sour frown at the solid side wall. “Did you study for your math calcs today?”
Currently, a silver tinted solar car traveled back and forth dropping off numerous workers, boxes of cloned food, new clothes, and other fun or necessary human and baby supplies. On the planet, a single human man or woman or teen or child did not leave their residential home for travel around the city or in the park or on an airplane from or with their individual family member, instead the individual retreated into the Dark Room for sixty minutes of playtime fun with a set of the family and/or friends.
Caim stared down the tiny square of meat on top of the white tinted stoneware plate. “What am I eating?”
Her father Batum sat at the end of the glass dining room table with a smile, possessing a head of cropped brown hair, a pair of grey eyeballs, and a tone of peachy colored skin, wearing a loose tan colored shirt, a pair of matching trousers, and a pair of open sandals. He smiled at Caim. “You are consuming a piece of cloned chicken.”
Caim exhaled. “I thought a piece of meat in the color of pink or red or gray was…is poisonous to my human body.”
Her mother Jaybow smiled at the black wall. “That would be a piece of real baked chicken. This is a cloned chicken. It’s good as soon as it is killed, cut, sliced, packed and shipped for the family freezer unit,” laughing.
Caim frowned. “I pass.”
Her mother Jaybow turned and frowned at her older daughter. “Caim, there are millions of people starving to death on this planet first. Second, I work very hard at my paying job at the medical center for a pile of electronic coins that pays for that single piece of pink cloned meat second. Third, eat it!”
Caim exhaled. “The cloned meat looks funny, tastes funny, and rests inside my stomach funny,” she reached over and picked up the bottle, shaking out three colored pills, eating each one with a giggle. “I ate my supper. Thanks!”
Jaybow exhaled with annoyance. “Caim, you can’t live off of a bottle of food pills for the rest of your short teen life days and then your long adult life. Each food pill is loaded with vitamins, proteins, fat, sugar, salt, and all the other necessary minerals for a body. But the food pill is for an adult, like me, who does not grow, not a growing teenager.”
Caim turned and smiled at the black tinted wall. “Stupid Wall, display my total gigabyte count right now!”
The black wall illuminated with a white math number: 8 gigabytes.
Caim gasped at the wall. “That’s all! That’s it! Are you certain stupid Wall? I played inside the augmented reality for the maximum of sixty minutes.”
The side wall of black hue droned in an alto male timber. “Current gigabyte total is eight gigabytes.”
Her father Batum turned with a frown and stared at the black tinted communication wall. “Caim, I have told you and told you, not to waste your gigabyte count inside that silly and useless Dark Room. You’re supposed to use your free air internet waves for studying each one of your math calcs inside the hologram school class room for a good paying job…”
“But, but, but, if I reach or explode over one hundred gigs, then I win a free vacation trip for us to…to…somewhere, like mountain down skiing,” Caim tossed both arms in the air and then pointed to the side wall of black with a smile. “Ya know, that mountain summit that rises above our four skull bones and behind our back yard that I can’t see or touch or feel or smell. Why can’t we play in the back yard? There’s a mountain summit located behind that wall of thick grove of hidden trees and low plant bushes and hides a pleasure playground of fun and adventure and action and curiosity and wonderment…”
“Who told you that lie?” Batum turned and frowned at Caim.
Caim turned and smiled at the black wall. “My friends…”
Jaybow stared at her daughter and exhaled with annoyance. “I don’t like your friends. They detour you from your personal homework assignments. You have one more week of studies before sitting for the medical technician test which will provide you with a good paying job. Caim, you must think about the future, your future.”
Caim nodded to the black wall. “My friends like me. I like my friends. They don’t like you. And…and one of my friends exploded her gigs over the one hundred counts and then she and her entire family disappeared from here and received a free vacation trip to…to…”
“That’s impossible Caim!” Jaybow exhaled with frustration at her daughter.
Caim returned and frowned at Jaybow. “No, it is all possible.”
Jaybow frowned. “Caim, your friends are incorrect here. Every month, each family household, including an annoying daughter, is allotted up to one hundred gigabytes of free data that covers data, voice, and all of these silly augmented reality playtime fun sessions of waste. However, if you explode over the one hundred gigabyte count, then I will explode into fury. I must pay a monetary fee of numerous electronic coins for any usage count over our allotted one hundred gigabytes…”
“So why did my friend and her entire family go on a fun and nice vacation to…to somewhere?”
Jaybow swiftly stood upright from the non-matching wooden chair with a laugh. “Your silly high school friend and her loving family members all went to a local nicely hidden and secret work center for not paying their internet bill while working off a fifty-thousand-dollar internet debt bill. No family has that kind of money, Caim,” she pointed with a stern face up toward the wooden staircase. “Now, you have eaten a food pill for your dinner meal. Go upstairs and start studying, Caim! You have less than two weeks of hologram class time, before sitting for the electronic examination to become a medical technician, like me.”
Caim scooted back from the dining room table and stood upright with a sour frown, scooting sideways, spinning around and huffed with a march up the staircase. She moved toward her bedroom with a whisper and a grim. “I am. I plan to explode one hundred gigs and get us a vacation.”
Her mother Jaybow continued to sit and eat while wiggling the remote control device near her sneer. “And I will be monitoring the Dark Room, Caim!”
Day Two


Cold temperatures and cloudy gray colored skies
Home setting of Jaybow and Batum
Dark Room setting with seventeen-year-old Caim
08:52 am


A new day of hologram school at Caim’s residential mud house, inside her tiny Dark Room, a new musical song entitled Hot for Teacher starts to sing out loud: Oh wow, man/ Wait a second man/ Whad’daya think the teacher’s gonna look like this year? (my butt, man)/ Oh yeah T-T-Teacher stop that screaming, teacher don’t you see? / Don’t want to be no uptown fool/ Maybe I should go to hell, but I’m doin’ well/ Teacher needs to see me after school/ I think of all the education that I missed/ But then my homework was never quite like this/ Ow got it bad, got it bad, got it bad/ I’m hot for teacher/ I got it bad, so bad/ I’m hot for teacher…
Note: The true musical song entitled Hot for Teacher had been performed by the American rock band Van Halen in the year 1984. The song had been written by band members Eddie Van Halen, Alex Van Halen, Michael Anthony, and David Lee Roth, and then produced by Ted Templeman.
The hologram teacher has activated the school class room app which controls every single Dark Room inside every single mud house, when each studious student has logged into the teaching session through a physical keyboard including non-studious seventeen-year-old Caim.
Each black tinted wall swirls with an array of multi-colors displaying numerous hologram posters, such like, geometrical formulas, the periodic chemistry table, poems of ancient and dead authors, and portraits of ancient and dead world leaders.
In the far wall corner, the set of wiggling lines appear and spin around, presenting a hologram of glowing set of white tinted human skeleton on top of the smooth black tinted metal body within the eyeballs of Caim. The computer app pulls down a colorful image on the hologram skull bone on the hologram teacher, wearing a head of pink hair curlers on a rounded head of blackish-gray hair. A ratty, thin yellow tinted bathrobe with an array of stationary fluttering colorful butterflies covers the upper and lower black body on the hologram. An edge of a black girly dress slip with ruffled lace hangs down from the bathrobe. A pair of white tinted legs forms wearing a set of numerous long black tinted wiggling hairs on her lower body. Finally, one skeleton foot wears a pink ankle sock with a blue tinted bed slipper. The other white tinted skeleton foot displays a mint green ankle sock with a red tinted bed slipper. Each yellow tinted sleeve on the hologram bents in a different direction. One arm faces the black tinted rear wall. The other arm projects numerous tiny images into the interior room within the Dark Room.
The hologram teacher is programmed by the first teen real flesh and blood student that enters first into the hologram school app. The appearance of the hologram teacher can include any shape or form but a naked female or male, where the school app will not allow.
The interior room slowly displays an individual row of student chairs that glow in a different hologram color which has been randomly selected by the hologram teacher for today.
After each individual row of student chair materializes inside the shared hologram school inside each Dark Room of every student.
Each student appears for fun as a sitting figure of white skeleton bones within the eyeballs of Caim as she sits inside her private and personal enclosed Dark Room. On top of the skull bone, the student slowly appears and wears a real colored teen human face and a set of real human hair strands plus any desired clothing item over their real teenly human body, even a naked body as the hologram teacher does not mind.
The piece of desired clothing is created by the hologram black tinted jumpsuit, even the naked body. Else, the true student body of flesh and bones only appears half-way on top of the hologram student chair and inside the hologram classroom.
Each student chair represents a true human student that is attending the morning session of the hologram school. And each colored glowing student chair does not repeat the hue pattern to prevent an argument among the students for that theme colored chair.
The musical song entitled Hot for Teacher continues to sing out loud: Hey, I heard you missed us, we’re back/ I brought my pencil/ Gimme something to write on, man/ Uh, uh. I heard about your lessons, but lessons are so cold/ I know about this school/ Little girl from Cherry Lane, how did you get so bold/ How did you know that golden rule/ I think of all the education that I missed/ But then my homework was never quite like this/ Got it bad, got it bad, got it bad/ I’m hot for teacher/ I got it bad, so bad/ I’m hot for teacher…
Inside her tiny Dark Room, Caim unzips the front of the black jumpsuit and reaches inside the interior hidden pocket, pulling a set of clear colored face patches. Each face patch is printed in a different geometric shape. She slams a circle, a square, a triangle, and a diamond face patch around her smooth face, so she can communicate with her four friends, without interfering with the hologram-teacher lecture. Then she zips back the jumpsuit and as her mind morphs her one-piece black jumpsuit into an ankle-length dress of red fabric with numerous white dots, a pair of red matching platform sandals, and a white hair band around her long brown tinted straight hair.
Her student chair glows in a tone of shiny purple hue. The student desk displays a glowing orange tinted hologram keyboard for typing in answers or notes from the hologram teacher lecture that is stored inside the interior computer inside her chair that also contains the brains of the Dark Room applications, programs, and data images.
On the last row of students with Caim, inside a red tinted glowing student desk, the hologram image of her friend Sileni appears. She displays average height and weight body frame and is seventeen-year-old student, wearing a pale face of four clear communication patches also plus a set of dangling diamond earrings, four wrist bone bracelets, and a tiny glittering tiara. Her black tinted hair is tied into a bun against her bone skull. She wears a sleeveless blouse in black hue, a matching short skirt, and a pair of laced black tinted knee boots, displaying a tone of pale skin. She wiggles side to side inside the chair and turns to wink at Caim. “Your mother is a true meanie.”
Each row of new hologram students slowly appears inside the Dark Room for the daily school assignments.
On the last row, Caim turns with a sigh and stares at her friend Sileni with frustration, “Tell me about it!”
On the same last row of student, on opposite side of Caim, in the lavender colored glowing student desk, the hologram image of her second best friend Mushi appears. Mushi is a seventeen-year-old female and wears a set of face four clear communication patches and a head of shoulder length gray tinted hair, a tone of gray eyes, and a tone of dark skin. She dances side to side inside the chair and wears a pretty ankle-length gown of yellow tulle, a sapphire neckline, matching pair of earrings, and a hairband. She turns and smiles at the brown tinted rear skull on Caim. “What was your gig count from our outstanding musical performance with the hologram image of awesome singer Britney Spears last night?”
Next to Caim, her boyfriend Nightjar appears in a glowing orange tinted student chair with a bald mound of soft olive tone. He is tall and muscular with a pair of violet eyeballs in-between two rows of thick, long, and lush black tinted eyelashes while making him both cute and dangerous. He wears a pair of tan colored walking shorts, a matching knit shirt, and a pair of naked feet, leaning over with a smile. “Good morning, sweetheart!” He reaches out and grabs her hologram hand making the connection sparkle in pastel colors. He kisses each finger first and as Caim smiles with a giggle.
Her last seventeen-year-old hologram school friend appears in a pale blue glowing student chair inside the hologram school and sits beside Mushi. Infantalli tosses both arms in the air and wears a pink silk sleeveless blouse with a low bowtie. Her hair strands are cropped short and colored in candy pink. His cheekbones glow in pink powder that matches his pink-tinted lips. He looks down at the student chair and then looks up, waving at hand at the stationary ugly decorated hologram teacher in the far wall corner, shouting out loud into the hologram school classroom. “I hate the hue of orange. The ugly color clashes with my soft pink wardrobe and perfect pinky skin tone. Orange is not the new pink. Hey, hologram teacher! I demand that you change my glowing student chair of orange into pink hue right now,” she slams her hand down onto the hologram keyboard and as the keyboard rippled with disturbance in black, then gray, and finally back into a mint green hue for ready.
The hologram teacher does not react and as it is only designed to repeat the lecture on the forward wall inside the hologram school atmosphere.
Her boyfriend Nightjar continues to make colorful sparkles between their touching hologram body parts, kissing the top of her hand and as Caim giggles with a grin at Sileni. “It had vamped up to only eight gigs.”
Mushi gasps. “What! That’s it! That’s all, only eight gigs.”
Her boyfriend Nightjar continues to make a set of colorful sparkles between their hologram body parts kissing the top of her wrist bone and as Caim giggles with a grin at her friend Mushi, “My word statements exactly!”
Sileni frowns, “Hmm! There are 1000 kilobits in one megabit. There are 1000 megabits in one gigabit or gig as the geek says. That is only eight percent of your entire gigabit pot of free waves.”
Her boyfriend Nightjar continues to make sparkles between their hologram body parts, kissing the top of her forearm and as Caim continues to grin at Sileni. “I know that. I can divide with a set of math number, too, Sileni.”
Sileni smiles with a nod to her friend, “A long, long time ago, the old dial-up modem on a personal computer wasted only 56 kilobits. A sent email of love wasted 350 kilobits. A digit photo burned two megabits. Listening to streaming music wasted one megabit. Playing on game burned one megabit. A digit photo burned two megabits. And streaming a movie wasted one megabit.
Mushi smiles, “Once upon a time, one gigabit only allowed the individual to send out 2,850 pieces of emails; 5,560 web pages, 1,000 minutes of streaming music; 500 digital photographs; 250 app downloads, and one hour of streaming a movie which is not enough for an active teen.”
“Back then, when the active teen went over the standard six gigabits, their parents took away their tiny little communication toy.” Infantalli smiles at Caim. “Now, all of that evolved and then exploded into the one hundred gigabits of voice, movement, music, images, and fun for an average teen, if you leave out the rest of the family members.”
Her boyfriend Nightjar continues to make sparkles between their hologram body parts, kissing the top of her crooked elbow and as Caim giggles with a smile at Infantalli, “How do ya’ll know that?”
Sileni laughs, “I study my math calcs, Caim.”
The musical song entitled Hot for Teacher continues to sing out loud: I think of all the education that I missed/ But then my homework was never quite like this/ Got it bad, got it bad, got it bad/ I’m hot for teacher/ I got it bad, so bad/ I’m hot for teacher/ “Oh man, I think the clock is slow.”/ “I don’t feel tardy.”/ “Class dismissed!”/ I got it bad, got it bad, got it bad/ I’m hot for teacher/ Oh/ Oh, ooh, yes, I’m hot/ Ow!...
Her boyfriend Nightjar continues to make sparkles between their hologram body parts, kissing the top of her swam neckline and as Caim giggles with a smile at Infantalli, “How do ya’ll know that?”
Sileni slams her hand down and then disrupts the dark blue tinted hologram keyboard creating yellow and orange tints while communicating with his four other friends. “Our goal here…”
Her boyfriend Nightjar continues to make sparkles between their hologram body parts, kissing her cheekbone and as Caim giggles with a smile at the illuminated forward wall that contains a single test question which is on the medical technician examination. “My goal, attain one hundred gigs for me. I wanna go and experience a cool, awesome vacation. I don’t think my parents have ever been on a cool, awesome vacation. What is like to go on a cool, awesome vacation?”
Infantalli tosses both arms in the air and presents a sad pout inside her glittering aqua tinted student chair, “Hey! I heard that! There’s no alphabetic letter of I in the word, team. What about me? I wanna won a trip for a cool awesome vacation paradise, too, and go with ya’ll, too.”
Sileni nods. “You will. We all work together here and help each other, so each one of our family units can go on a vacation all together like we all have planned.”
Mushi frowns. “How do we do that?”
The musical song entitled Hot for Teacher stops playing the musical notes and the words out loud.
The ugly hologram teacher reaches out and bents a crooked arm with a hand toward the forward wall of black and white information and the other crooked arm with a hand points at the rows of students. The teacher does not move or dance as it is only the lecturer of the school assignments. The alto voice box on the teacher speaks without moving the lips and says out loud for each pair of eardrums. “Welcome to hologram school session number three hundred and twenty-seven! Today, each one of you will answer each question that appears on the hologram wall. At the end of the class time, which is four hours from now, each one of you will be graded on the final outcome. I hope each student has been studying up to this point. Because, to pass the medical technician final examination, you need the math points of eighty or higher. Let us begin with question number one. What does a medical technician perform, when the patient is not breathing on top of the hospital bed? The first choice is letter A: slam a thermometer on the exposed pink tinted tongue. The second choice is letter B: shove an enema up the smelly butthole…”
The audience of hologram student laughs out loud.
The hologram teacher does not smile or laugh but voices out loud. “The third choice is letter C: slap a defibrillator over the non-moving hairy chest. The fourth choice is letter D: None of the above. Please do not shout out the answer as it does not aid the dumber student that does not know the correct answer.”
The audience of hologram students chuckle with amusement, marking their answer on the hologram keyboard.
The hologram teacher does not smile or laugh but voices out loud. “Mark your answer down onto the hologram keyboard. At the end of the four hours, the computer will grade your work. Now, let us move ahead to question number two…”
Some of the smarter hologram students look down and marks an answer on the colorful hologram keyboard.
Bathrobe-covered and smooth head of pink curlers on the hologram teacher continues to point to the new question, without interruption.
On the last row of glowing student desks, tall, slender, and blonde-haired Nightjar continues to make sparkles between their hologram body parts, kissing her lips. Caim pulls back from the wet kiss with a smile and tosses both arms in the air. “I know how. We create and leave my single hologram entertainment program running for hours, days, and weeks…”
“No, babe!” Nightjar shakes his skull with a smile, whispering into the four face patches to each friend. “Any and all entertainment hologram program of voice, action, music, images and stuff runs for one hour or sixty minutes or 3,600 seconds. Then it shuts down. The hologram creator made it so, on purpose. So, Caim would not perform six millions singing performances with her favorite musical dive Britney Spears until next season.”
Sileni laughs out loud, “Precisely!”
Nightjar leans over and smiles into the cheekbone on Caim. “Do you see our classmate Honan?”
Caim turns and scans the front row of student desks. “Who is our classmate Honan? Does he sit inside the pink student desk at the front of the classroom?”
Sileni turns and stares at the front row of student desks, narrowing her eyelashes at the pink student chair. “No! That’s not our classmate Honan. Honan is a girl. That’s a really short guy.”
Caim scans each row of student desks. “I see a few empty glowing student chairs inside the classroom. Where is each absent student?”
Nightjar laughs. “The Master makes each student type into the hologram school app, even if the teen can’t come to school. Thus, the hologram teacher knows…”
“No.” Sileni frowns, “Nightjar lies like usual. The hologram teacher places a glowing student desk there to fill in the missing gap hole. Else, each non-studious student would be wondering why there is a blank hole in the row of desks. You know a flock of teen, they can’t concentrate on nothingness but the obvious,” she laughs with the others.
Nightjar frowns. “Well, our friend Honan is not here, because she is on vacation with her family.”
Caim gasps. “How did she do that?”
Nightjar leans over and kisses her cheekbone, pulling back with a smile at Caim, “Honan created and the implemented a hologram entertainment program, where her and all of her friends engaged in numerous heavy bouts of exercise while thoroughly sweating out body water and moaning out loud towards one hundred gigabytes.”
Caim turns and gasps at her boyfriend. “I wanna do that too.”
Mushi shakes her curls with a laugh. “No. You didn’t.”
Caim smiles. “What type of hologram entertainment program did Honan create?”
Nightjar releases her hand and sits upright inside the hologram chair, covering each face patch, softly whispering with a smile with his words to each friend.
Mushi sits back and then gasps out loud with a giggle, “Really! Honan and her friends did that…”
“…and reached one hundred gigabytes,” Sileni laughs.
Caim covers her eardrums from the whispered words and then turns with a sour frown, staring at the forward wall, “Really! I didn’t know that particular sweaty body action would get your person to one hundred gigabytes.”
Infantalli laughs. “Well, it did for her.”
Nightjar ignores the question and the teacher, leaning over with a stern face, viewing Caim. “Look! Each one of us is smarter than every student inside this colorful classroom. Now, each one of us needs to think about and then implant a new hologram entertainment program that uses megatons of gigs. Then Caim can reach her dream of one hundred gigs,” laughing. “Now, everyone, use this free time to think about an awesome showcase inside our fun hologram which we’ll play right after our school session.”
Caim exhales with frustration and turns, staring at the new question without marking her answer on the glowing hologram keyboard while pondering a new hologram entertainment program that will explode the one hundred gigabytes of free internet waves.
At 11:55 am, after three hours of classroom lessons, inside the Dark Room, a new musical set of words sings out loud: Na na na na. Na, na, na, na. Hey, hey. Good, bye.
Each student in a glowing student chair inside the current hologram school starts singing the familiar lyrics to the popular song also: Na, na, na, na. Na, na, na, na. Hey, hey. Good, bye.
Note: The true song was written and recorded by Paul Leka, Gary DeCarlo and Dale Frashuer in a band named Stream. The Na Na Hey Hey Kiss Him Goodbye song was released under the Mercury subsidiary label Fontana and became a number one pop single on the Billboard Hot 100 music chart in the year 1969.
The chorus of the song was used to taunt the losing side in a competitive sporting game. Or the chorus is used to say goodbye from each student, until the next hologram school session.
Each student continues to sing out the musical words: Na, na, na na. Na, na, na, na. Hey, hey. Good, bye.
Slowly each row disappears with a student and their glowing student desk as each student disconnects from the hologram school app and as the voice of each student faints into nothingness. Then each student and student desk vanishes inside the personal Dark Room, where Caim continues to sit in the last row in a glowing purple tinted student chair and stares at the forward wall of questions for the upcoming medical technician without singing the nifty musical song.
Finally, the last row of students and glowing individual student desks slowly disappear also. The purple glowing student chair morphs back into a solid black hue of cold metal, where Cain continues to lounge inside the smooth material staring at each colorful wall.
Each wall flicks with color and then turns back into black metal.
The ugly hologram teacher slowly disappears, starting with her two mismatched bed slippers, working up towards the head of hair curlers and then presents back a solid skeleton frame that spins around in a set of whirling circles and then disappears from the Dark Room also.
She continues to sing out loud with a smile. “Na, na, na, na. Na, na, na, na. Hey, hey. Good, bye.” Caim continues to wear the pretty red and white ankle-length dress. The hologram computer keyboard softly dings in flute tones and displays a bright blue blinking light. She looks down and smiles at the blue signal.
Her boyfriend Nightjar is asking permission to enter into her private family Dark Room for a conversation or a new adventure. 
She continues to sit in the curved metal chair reaches down, pressing the button, sliding out from the chair and stands on top of the metal floor.
Nightjar appears whole in hologram form inside her Dark Room setting, standing on the metal floor and wears his smile and a black tinted jumpsuit, extending both hands toward his girl Caim. He is sitting inside a metal chair, in his home Dark Room, at his residential house. He is able to come into her Dark Room by her computer invitation only and appears as a life-sized figure in which to enjoy the company of his girl Caim or engage in a new private hologram game together.
She slowly moves ahead with a smile and cuddles his body.
He leans down and kisses her lips creating a fire storm of colorful sparks. 
She pulls back with a sour frown and a matching tone, wiping a hand at the pretend fire bombs. “Stop with the sparks, Nightjar! I can’t see your face.”
He tilts his chin to the side. The colorful array of fire bombs disappears. He smiles. “Now, that we are alone.”
Caim exhales with a sour frown. “I don’t wanna be alone.”
He frowns. “I do wanna be alone.”
She nods “I wanna break the one hundred gigabytes, right now, before my parents come home.”
He exhales. “Look! I want you to break the one hundred gigabytes also. Then, finally, we can go back to having some fun all alone and naked inside the Dark Room later tonight,” Nightjar wiggles his eyebrows with an evil laugh.
She shakes her long brown curls. “I gotta study my math calcs, later tonight. And each questions for the medical technician final academic test. I couldn’t answer the posed questions today.”
He smiles. “So, I’ll help you bust the one hundred gigabytes also.”
She gasps. “How…how can you go that?”
“I can’t do that alone and naked. But I can call in reinforcements, my friends.”
She frowns. “What friends?”
He releases her body and claps his hands with a loud thump, laughing out loud.
A set of individual firebombs swiftly invades her Dark Room and lands down on top of the metal floor, morphing into a row of upright male teens.
Nightjar spins around and cuddles his girl Caim, pointing with a smile one of his friends that share the same hologram school and none live within his homeland town. He points to the first male teen. “This is my childhood friend through our shared hologram fun times and boring hologram school calls. Throne.”
Throne nods to Caim in silence and displays a head of shoulder length head of bronze tinted hair, a matching bronze skin complexion, and a pair of aqua eyeballs, wearing a black tinted jumpsuit also. 
The jumpsuit is a tool for entering into the Dark Room.
Caim nods with a smile. “Hi, Throne! Welcome to my Dark Room.” Then she gasps in alarm. “What…what is his role in our new hologram game? What is our new hologram game?”
Nightjar leans over and kisses her cheekbone without the accompanying fire sparks of color, pulling back with a smile. “That’s the fun part, the hologram game. My friends have played this hologram game before, so each one knows what to do…”
“I don’t.” The second teen frowns at Nightjar and Caim, turning to see the nose profile on Throne. “Why am I here?” Zaxle is seventeen years old and a senior student at the same high school, displaying a tall and muscular body frame, cropped brown hair, facial whiskers in matching brown hue, and a pair of green eyeballs, wearing a black tinted jumpsuit also.
Throne leans over and hugs the teen with an evil laugh. “You are my special guest, this afternoon, within the new hologram game, Zaxle. So, enjoy the moment!” He slaps a fist into the chest on Zaxle and then releases his hug, standing upright with a nod to Nightjar.
Zaxle frowns at Throne and then turns to see Nightjar and Caim. “Well, I guess I can stay and play for a few minutes. This is getting close to lunchtime. I’m Zaxle. I live in the same neighborhood as Throne and attend the same hologram school with you, Nightjar, and the other teens. I’m going to become a…”
“We don’t care.” Nightjar frowns. “The next teen is named Melstone.”
Melstone waves a hand with a silly smile at Caim. “Very nice to be here at your invited hologram game.” He is a tall and skinny teen male with shoulder length black tinted hair and a pair of gray eyeballs, wearing a black tinted jumpsuit.
Nightjar nods with a smile. “Thanks for coming, Melstone!”
A red colored fireball appears and lands down on top of the metal floor, morphing into a female.
Caim gasps in alarm. “Mushi, what are you doing here?”
“Well, Nightjar sent out a signal for a new game. So I wanted to come and play.” Mushi smiles. She is a petite, slender and seventeen years old, attending the same hologram school with the other teens, displaying a head of shoulder length gray tinted hair, a tone of gray eyes, and a tone of dark skin. She dances side to side on top of the floor in the black tinted jumpsuit.
Nightjar nods with a smile. “Welcome, Mushi! Now, everyone, can wear whatever you want in your role play and sit down, before the game begins. Caim, go over and press the button for the new hologram game Superhero Time.”
She back steps from her guy Nightjar, who is really a hologram figure and then stops, sliding down into her curved metal curve that houses all the brains for the Dark Room. she leans down to the side on the metal and presses the button for the Superhero Time hologram game with a laugh.
Then her teenly mind explodes into the new hologram environment.

In the living room setting within a heated afternoon of bright sunshine after high school classes, the long sofa wears a pattern of red and blue diamonds within a beige background and a pair of heated bodies on top of the fabric.
The living room setting contains another long sofa, two loveseats, and three oversized sitting chairs in the same ugly red and blue diamond patterns. On the side wall, a gigantic television screen displays an action and adventure Hollywood movie film without a pair of human eyeballs watching the screen. The forward wall exhibits a row of windows showing off the manicured yard.
Caim is a tall and slender, seventeen-year-old female, and a senior student at her local high school displaying a head of shoulder length dark brown hair, a pair of green eyeballs, and a tone of peach skin tone. She is tall and sexy showing off both her smile and her blue tinted bikini top over a set of small breasts.
She rests on her back spine and wiggles side to side with a set of giggles as he leans down slowly kissing her naked skin from her belly button all the way up toward her naked forehead.
Her pale green sleeveless shirt lounges on the floor in silence. Both of her legs is covered in a pair of faded and ripped skinny blue jeans wiggling up and down against his thighs as he stops the sweet kiss on her soft naked skin and then softly chuckles from his teenly hormones.
Her pair of naked feet touches and caresses his set of naked feet while creating more teenly hormones inside both of their bodies.
He snaps his fingers with a smile.
A new musical song entitle Feel It Still starts to sing out loud: Can’t keep my hands to myself/ Think I’ll dust ‘em off, put ‘em back up on the shelf/ In case my little baby girl is in need/ Am I coming out of left field?/ Ooh woo, I’m a rebel just for kicks, now/ I been feeling it since 1966, now/ Might be over now, but I feel it still/ Ooh woo, I’m a rebel just for kicks, now/ Let me kick it like it’s 1986, now/ Might be over now, but I feel it still…
Note: The true musical song entitled Feel It Still had been performed in the year 2011 by the musical group Portugal, The Man.
Inside the living room at Nightjar’s hologram house, the long sofa in neon green tint is getting heated causing their body movement to wiggle.
Nightjar is a seventeen-year-old male and a senior student at the same high school featuring a bald mound of soft olive tone like the rest of his naked chest and the other body parts underneath a pair of dark tinted blue jeans with a hole in one kneecap. He is tall and muscular with a pair of violet eyeballs in-between two row of thick, long, and lush black tinted eyelashes making him both cute and dangerous. His green and white plaid long-sleeved shirt lounges on top of the floor wrinkling underneath a ratty tan colored mini-backpack that contains his worldly possessions. A pair of orange tinted sneakers peaceful stands at the edge of the long sofa at attention in silence.
He reaches down and kisses her belly button, pulling back with a smile. She giggles with her girly sensations. He leans down again and digs the soft tip of his tongue down into her belly button, wiggling it side to side, mouth drooling over her flat abdomen.
She giggles with a grin and wiggles both of her hips side to side feeling more teenly hormones. She reaches out and gently rubs his bald mound with a pair of nicely manicured curved fingernails that extend one inch in length. A single one-inched long curved fingernail on each hand is colored in the hue of red, green, orange, yellow or black.
She gasps in alarm. “O no!”
His face slowly lifts up from her wet belly button and as he smiles down into her naked skin. “Your soft girly sound should be spoken with honor and love to me, as such, O, babe…”
“It’s started.” She swiftly pulls back both of her extended legs from underneath his thighs and then curls into a tight body-ball on top of the semi-soft fabric. “Jump high toward the ceiling, Nightjar!” Caim slowly lifts upright in the air from off the fabric on the sofa in a body-ball formation and then swiftly flies upward still in the same body ball formation toward the ceiling. In her swift flight upwards, Caim expanses outward both her arms and legs while sailing up toward the high ceiling, colliding into the wooden painted planks of dull yellow paint. She reaches out and hangs upside down while clinging with set of her long fingernails into the tiny seams in-between each wooden plank, looking down with a gasp to see the sofa and her guy Nightjar.
Nightjar looks down with a puzzled brow and sees only the ugly red and blue diamond patterns on top of the sofa. “What?” He looks up with a confused brow and sees his girl Caim on top of the ceiling. “Look! I know the fabric is rough and ugly on the sofa but we can still…”
“Right now!” She looks down from the ceiling and softly growls at his silly teenly delay.
In the living room floor, on top of the sofa, each red and blue diamond pattern on the beige background swiftly turns solid white while emitting a set of tiny plumes of white steam.
“Ouchie!” Nightjar swiftly lifts upward his entire horizontal body in the air and off the long sofa, hovering a few inches in the air. He stares with a puzzled brow and studies the white tinted sofa. “What’s happening down here? The sofa has turned solid white and is feels ice cold like its celebrating an early winter inside my parents’ living room,” he extends a free arm and wiggles the fingers at the objects on top of the floor. His wrinkled shirt, his ratty mini-backpack, and his pair of orange tinted sneakers, all the objects lift up from the floor like magic and then soar through the air, landing on top of his flattened back spine.
On top of the ceiling planks, she releases one hand from the wooden planks and then reaches out, extending an arm toward the floor, wiggling her fingers at her shirt. Her green tinted shirt does not move from its resting place but slowly turns into a white tinted plank of solid ice, foreverly glued down onto the floor. She exhales with annoyance. Caim glides her hand toward the end of the new ice covered white sofa and target her pair of red tinted ankle boots. The pair of ankle boots violently shuffles side to side on top of the forming icy floor and then quickly lifts off from the floor, swiftly flying through the air and then lands inside her cupped hand, like magic. 
She curls into a body-ball again and as one hand still clings onto the tiny seam inside each wooden plank while continuing to hold her body upward on top of the ceiling. She slowly slips on each ankle boot over a naked feet and then expanses the ball back into a horizontal human body, exhaling with worry. She replaces the free hand back up on the wooden plank without falling off the ceiling and then back down toward the floor. “It has started, right now, Nightjar! Get your fine body up here with me right now. My shirt has frozen down onto the floor. The weird indoor ice storm is swiftly covering the living room floor and each piece of living room furniture. Get up here before the weird indoor ice storm covers you, babe. And I need to borrow one of your shirts, babe.”
He slowly guides upward from the white tinted sofa and as each object on top of his back spine slowly floats a few inches in the air, without falling down onto the floor, like magic. He reaches out with one arm and then wiggles all of his ten fingers, smiling with a chuckle of amusement. “It tickles.”
The white and green checker-pattered long-sleeved shirt soars through the air and then flies into his set of wiggling fingers.
He covers his naked chest with the shirt and buttons the front fabric rolling up both the cloth sleeves toward each crook on his elbow while continuing to stare down at the wiggling sofa in puzzlement.
He reaches out with the same hand and then wiggles all the fingers again while chuckling from the sensation.
A ratty tan colored leather mini-backpack flies through the air which is covered with an array of dangling mini-key chains on the exterior leather.
A pink flop-flop mini-key chain slowly sways alone side to side while flying through the air along with the green tinted tiny guitar mini-key chain. A red tiny sports car mini-key chain violently collides into a tiny framed photo of a black and tan German shepherd breed dog mini-key chain. A solid tiny world globe mini-key chain which is nicely painted in an array of bright colors, representing blue for water, green for trees, and yellow for deserts, viciously attacks the tan colored fabric on the backpack. The other unnamed mini-key chains rattle side to side against each other on the exterior leather while creating a tiny musical sound of baby pings.
The mini-backpack with all the cute dangling mini-key chains softly lands inside his cupped hand.
He tosses the mini-backpack on top of his chest over the shirt, strapping it down over each collar bone for the smooth ride up toward the ceiling wooden planks.
He reaches out with the same hand and then wiggles all the fingers again with a smile.
The pair of orange tinted sneakers lifts off the floor and then soars through the air, landing inside his cupped palm.
Nightjar slowly uprights into a vertical pose in the air while slowly flying up toward the ceiling with his teenly superhero power while slipping on the pair of socks and then the cowboy boots.
Caim still clings to the ceiling. “You’re taking too long, babe. You need to be swifter during an emergency.”
He continues to slowly fly through the air and smiles down at the icy floor. “I gotta get dressed. We were making the sofa heated.”
She frowns down at the damaged long sofa. “We didn’t heat the poor sofa hot enough. An indoor ice storm broke through the heated fabric. What is that thing down there?”
Nightjar continues to fly upward and then hits his bald mound into the ceiling wooden planks, growling in annoyance, “Ouchie, again! I’ve never flew to the ceiling during my practice run. What’s happening down there on the floor? My parents are not going to be happy about this indoor ice storm inside their house. What is causing this? Who is causing this? I don’t understand,” he turns sideways and then clings to the wooden planks hanging upside like a bat beside his girl Caim. He stares down at the icy sofa and the icy floor with puzzlement.
Caim gasps in alarm. “I do understand. Look down at the ice covered sofa, babe! There is some type of swift motion and movement going on down there. Something is inside your sofa, Nightjar! Why would something be living inside your sofa, babe? Is there really something living inside your sofa, Nightjar?” She continues to cling to the ceiling and watch with horror.
He frowns, “Uh! Well, I gotten ask my parents that one,” Nightjar stares with puzzlement at the family sofa.
On the living room floor, the long sofa of solid white ice swiftly erupts and then flings a set of broken pieces of large ice chunks into the air and over the icy floor. A dull beige tinted skeleton skull appears above the opening inside the icy sofa and wears an open mouth with a set of real dull yellow colored teeth. The skull wears a cloth bonnet that is tied around the jaw line. The bonnet is covered in soggy wet green moss, black dirt, and red blood proteins. The skeleton skull floats upright alone in the air a few inches while drifting out from the icy opening in the sofa. Immediately afterwards, an upper torso of a female appears and wears a high collar and long-sleeved bodice of green soggy moss, black tinted dirt, and glittering red blood proteins. The cloth bodice is torn and ripped open, exposing a pink tinted heart organ and a pair of blue tinted lungs that does not move but glitters in pretty colors. The bodice floats a few inches below its matching skeleton skull with the cloth bonnet and a few inches above the opening in the sofa.
A few seconds later, the lower body on the skeleton slowly wiggles side to side while drifting out from the icy opening inside the family sofa, displaying the rest of the long skirt and a pair of satin slippers. The long skirt and the satin slippers are covered in the same ugly minerals, soggy green moss, black tinted dirt, and gleaming red blood proteins.
Nightjar frowns down at the “We should go right now, Caim!”
She still clings to each wooden plank and continues to frown down at the floating skeleton. “No! We need to stay and talk to the skeleton body. It’s really alive and moving without the aid of someone or something. We need figure out who this is.”
He still clings to each wooden plank also beside her and frowns down at a drifting upright set of bones on a female skeleton. “I know who that is. It’s a female dead body that smells awful to my precious sinus and looks uglier to my tender eyeballs and is still drifting upward one body part at a time coming out from my ruined living room sofa. My parents are going to be so mad, but not me, this time,” laughing.
“Why was a dead skeleton body living inside your sofa, babe?”
He looks up and then views the open archway inside the living room which is on the opposite side of their clingy position and straight across the ceiling. “Look! I don’t know. I don’t care. I don’t need to know or care. Let’s get outta of here, Caim! We can figure out all of these answers while we escape from the scary skeleton body and the icy floor.”
She frowns down at the female skeleton. “This is our job, Nightjar.”
He laughs at the open archway. “I’m a teen. I don’t have a working or paying or volunteer job. But the two words and the fast action, running away, sounds like a great teenly plan to me. And I believe that the rest of the living room is turning into a square shaped ice cube of cold air and frigid furniture pieces. We crawl over the warm ceiling planks and then escape through the open doorway.”
She points down with a gasp at the second living room sofa. “Look! The second living room sofa is turning into a horizontal solid white ice cube also. And the ice is bursting open with…with...”
On the living room floor, the second sofa of solid white ice swiftly erupts and then flings a set of broken pieces of large ice chunks into the air and over the icy floor. A dull beige tinted skeleton skull appears above the opening inside the icy sofa and wears an open mouth with a set of glowing yellow tinted front teeth around an orange tinted facial beard.
Caim frowns down at the second skeleton. “I thought all the human organs and the human hair dissolved into nothingness, after death.”
Nightjar frowns down at the second skeleton also. “Babe, it and it is not alive. It and it is clearly dead, two dead bodies. And I’m guessing here. But, whatever is controlling or manipulating all of these dead skeleton bones, it is also painting each visual organ with a pretty color of hue using its sick social manners. We need to leave, right now, babe!”
The skeleton skull wears a Hardee hat that is tied around the jaw line. The hat is covered in soggy, wet green moss plants, black tinted dirt balls, and glittering red tinted blood proteins. The skeleton skull floats upright alone in the air a few inches while drifting out from the icy opening in the sofa. Immediately afterwards, an upper torso of a male appears and wears a high collar and long-sleeved shirt of green soggy moss plant, black tinted dirt balls, and glittering red tinted blood proteins. The cloth bodice is torn and ripped open, exposing a pink tinted heart organ and a pair of blue tinted lungs that does not move but glitters in pretty colors. The upper body of the skeleton male floats a few inches below its matching skeleton skull with the Hardee hat and a few inches above the opening in the sofa.
A few seconds later, the lower body of the skeleton slowly wiggles side to side while drifting out from the icy opening inside the family sofa, displaying a pair of trousers that are tucked down into a set of knee boots. The pair of trouser and the set of knee boots are both covered in the same ugly minerals, soggy green moss, black tinted dirt, and gleaming red blood proteins.
Nightjar frowns down at the ice storm which is swiftly spreading onto each side wall. He studies each piece of furniture that is slowly being coated with the rage of white solid ice also. Then each solid piece of icy furniture bursts open and reveals an individual skeleton skull with wet soggy green tinted plants, black tinted dirt balls, and glittering red tinted blood proteins. He exhales with worry and annoyance. “It’s time to leave my house, babe!”
She looks down with a frown at her bikini top. “I need a shirt!”
He turns and winks at her set of large breasts which are hidden inside her tiny dark blue colored bikini top with a chuckle. “I like you semi-naked, babe!”
“Yeah, I like you un-clothed, too.” She spins around with a sour frown and then swiftly crawls over each ceiling planks, moving ahead toward the open archway, exiting the ice cold living room setting. She snaps her fingers with a giggle.
A new musical song entitled Barracuda starts to sing out loud: So, this ain’t the end, I saw you again today/ I had to turn my heart away/ You smiled like the sun, kisses for everyone/ And tales, it never fails/ You lying so low in the weeds/ Bet you gonna ambush me/ You’d have me down, down, down to my knees/ Wouldn’t you, Barracuda…
Note: The true musical song entitled Barracuda had been performed in the year 1977 by the American musical band Heart.
On top of the ceiling, her guy Nightjar follows behind the two soles on her ankle boots.
She swiftly crawls over the hallway ceiling planks of beige hue and then climbs up the side wall toward the second level, continuing to crawl over the yellow tinted second hallway ceiling planks and then enters the brown tinted ceiling planks into his private bedroom.
He continues to follow the two soles on each one of her ankle boots and crawls over the same smooth brown tinted ceiling planks into his private bedroom, laughing with a smile, staring down at his neatly made bed mattress. “Yeah, we can do a quickie teenly thing, right here, before the army of creepy skeleton skulls finds us inside my private bedroom.”
She stops with a smile and clings onto the ceiling of painted blue wooden planks, reaching out with a free arm, wiggling her fingers down at one of his furniture chest drawers, the second one. “Or I can get dressed in one of your white T-shirts, before the army of creepy skeleton skulls finds us inside your private bedroom.”
He stops with a frown and hugs the ceiling planks beside her body. “Yeah, I guess so.”
The second drawer on the short brown tinted chest smoothly slides open with her magical hand movements. A folded long white tinted short-sleeved shirt swiftly lifts up from the wooden drawer and then soars in the air, landing inside her cupped hand. She flings the folded shirt open and then wiggles her upper torso into his shirt, covering her bikini top with a smile. “Now, we can leave. We need to find out who or what is happening here,” she touches the ceiling again with a worried brow.
He crawls away from Caim and moves ahead, stopping and parks in front of the glass window, staring at the front yard with a worried brow. “Wow! My dad’s going to be highly miffed. The army of detached skeleton body sections is ripping up the rows of newly planted flowers and all of the manicured lawn grass. How do we exit from the house without getting caught?”
Caim spins around with a scream, staring at one of the drifting skeleton skulls with the cloth bonnet.
A new musical song entitled Hard to Handle starts to sing out loud: Baby, here I am/ I’m the man on the scene/ I can give you what you want/ But you gotta’ come home with me/ I have got some good old loving/ And I got some more in store/ When I get through throwing it on/ You gotta’ come back for more/ Boys will come along a dime by the dozen/ That ain’t nothing but ten cent loving/ Pretty little thing, let me light your candle/ ‘Cause, mama, I’m sure hard to handle now, yes sir…
Note: The true musical song entitled Hard to Handle had been performed in the year 1990 by the American musical band The Black Crowes.
Nightjar spins around from the window with a gasp and reaches down, grabbing one of the dangling tiny key chains from his tiny mini-backpack that covers his chest, whipping the steel object at the skeleton skull.
The skeleton skull explodes into a ball of red and yellow fire.
On top of the ceiling over the furniture piece, Caim crawls ahead and then halts with a smile, flipping onto her back spine, holding the wooden planks with her ten fingernails and dangles like a spider in the air. She pulls both legs into her chest with a giggle.
“No!” he crawls ahead with a sour frown and then halts, clinging upside in front of her, shaking his bald mound. “Don’t break my bedroom window. My dad will get miffed off at me.”
“O! Okay!” She releases one hand and then tilts her body sideways with a grin, releasing the other hand and shoves her entire body ahead. She extends both legs and each sole on her ankle boot, hitting the side wall of brown paint. The side bedroom wall breaks free and then exposes the ray of bright and heated daylight. Caim flies free through the air with a giggle, twirling through the air, sailing ahead in a horizontal pose.
Inside the bedroom, on top of the ceiling, Nightjar spins around with a sour frown, staring at the big ugly hole in the side bedroom wall and shouts out loud with a sissy whine. “Geez, Caim!” he releases both hands from the ceiling planks and falls forward with a sour frown, flying down into a horizontal formation through the air and then exits through the open hole in the side wall. “Why did you bust your body through my bedroom wall? Now, my mom will get really miffed off at me!” He follows behind each sole on her pair of ankle boots through the air waves, kicking his magic into high gear, flying through the air beside his girl Caim.
They both head toward the northern end of the cow town of Carmite looking for an answer.


Home of Throne’s parents
   (one mile from Nightjar’s house)
Warm temperatures with bright sunlight
Entertainment room setting with seventeen-year-old Throne
04:01:04 pm


The musical song entitled Hash Pipe continues to sing out loud I can’t help my feelings, I’ll go out of my mind/ These players come to get me cause they’d like my behind/ I can’t love my business, if I can’t get a trick/ Down on Santa Monica where tricks are for kids/ Oh, come on and kick me/ Oh, come on and kick me/ (Oh) Come on and kick me/ (Oh) You've got your problems/ (Oh) I’ve got my ass wide/ (Oh) You’ve got your big G’s/ I’ve got my hash pipe…
Note: The musical song entitled Hash Pipe has been performed by the musical band Weezer in the year 2001. Weezer had been an American alternative rock band. The members had included Rivers Cuomo, the lead vocals and guitar; Patrick Wilson on the drums and guitar; Brian Bell on the guitar and keyboards, and Scott Shriner on the bass guitar.
Inside the entertainment room, Throne is a senior student at the same high school, wearing a pair of faded and ripped blue jeans with a set of slashes down one fabric leg. The other blue jeans leg displays a hole in the kneecap. He displays a head of shoulder length head of bronze tinted hair, a matching bronze skin complexion, and a pair of aqua eyeballs, wearing a naked chest of sculptured muscles and a pair of naked feet, laughing at his victory wins on the new electronic game.
He sits on top of a ratty and claw-scratched, by the feline cat, black tinted lounge chair with an upright matching foot stool inside the entertainment room. The room is painted in dull gray hue while covering up each one of the greasy hand prints and all the numerous mouth spit of greasy food items that missed his mouth for some strange reason.
He laughs out loud again as an array of chewed food particles from his mouth exits off the tongue and then slams into the side wall, sticking and staying there foreverly.
Each side wall holds a built-in set of horizontal shelving in dull red tinted cedar wood which contains numerous hard copy novels, various musical discs, many Hollywood movie discs, numerous electronic game discs and other related individual equipment pieces that runs the electronic game system. 
The entrance wall stands behind his back spine displaying a set of open double doors and numerous wall posters of various musical superstars, Hollywood movie stars, and naked pictures of calendar adult girls. This is the teen man-cave, where his mom is not invited for a social chat-chit with her almost manly biological son, only his dad.
On top of the lounge chair, he stares at the gigantic television screen playing an electronic outer space game and holds a manual joy stick in each cupped hand while making a set of obnoxious sounds of laughter, hoots, whistles, mouth drools, and soft curses that his parents can’t hear inside the entertainment room.
His personal mobile telephone rests next to his thigh and sings out loud with a popular rock and roll musical song.
He turns and looks down at the singing mobile telephone with a smile and a soft chuckle, “The parents!” He reaches down and swishes the telephone icon on the tiny screen, displaying a colorful picture of a handsome adult man and female. “Hey, Mom and…”
“Jump into the ceiling, now, Throne!”
The black tinted lounge chair violently shakes back and forth while emitting a set of cold air from underneath the seat cushion, turning the leather into a hard solid surface of ice.
“Yow-wee!” Thron swiftly leaps upward into the air, flying off the black sofa cushion and slams into the gray tinted wooden ceiling, clinging into the flat tiny seams within each plank with his ten fingernails and ten toenails. He shouts loud out into his personal mobile telephone that continues to rest on top of the black leather sofa cushion. The cushion turns into a solid bed of white tinted ice. “I’m safe. What’s going…?”
“Throne, it’s there inside the cow town of Carmite. You must protect the town and the people, right now, honey. We have faith in you. We’re sorry, but we’re kinda busy on the other side of the planet. We love you, honey. Go now and protect the town! Mom and Dad, out!”
“Dang! It’s here!”
The white sheet of ice swiftly breaks into a set of small and large chunks of broken ice and emits a stinky stench that smells like a field pasture of fresh cow patties in streaming green tint.
Throne removes one hand and presses the nostrils together, exhaling with the sour odor. “Phew! What has died inside my lounge chair?”
An individual skeleton skull in dripping green soggy plants, dangling black tinted dirt, and gleaming red tinted blood proteins appears with a pair of pink tinted eyeballs and a smile in glittering yellow tinted front teeth. The top of the skull wears a stringy long hair and slowly drifts up from the opening inside the lounge chair seat.
A few seconds later, an upper human torso appears with a pair of two naked arms. The upper torso wears a ripped and torn dress of ruffles that exhibits a set of large and tiny holes through the fabric, exposing a red tinted heart organ and a pair of blue tinted lungs which are not beating with a life pulse, but colorfully exists inside a moving dead body.
A few seconds later, the lower portion of the detached human body of a young child appears and displays a pair of naked legs that wears a set of white sock and a pair of black tinted shoes dripping in green soggy plants, dangling black tinted dirt, and gleaming red tinted blood proteins.
The lower portion slowly wiggles side to side coming up through the wide opening inside the broken lounge chair cushion.
The detached skeleton of the young child slowly drifts upward toward the ceiling and as a set of black tinted bugs fly through the air or falls down onto the floor. Each landing bug crawls away over the floor.
On the ceiling, teen male Throne exhales with grossness and annoyance and continues to cling to the wooden planks while staring down at the detached skeleton bones on the dead child and his ruined lounge chair. “O! That thing is the smelly beastie inside my personal home. Hey, dude or dudette! I can’t really tell what species of plant, animal, or mammal you used to be called or known, but you’re in the wrong place here. This is called a residence for the living, not the dead.” He reaches over and touches, ripping off one of the cloth bracelets over his wrist bone, flinging the bracelet through the air at the skull on the dead person. 
The red colored cloth bracelet quickly morphs into a long superhero sharp tipped knife that collides and then sticks into the left eyeball on the skeleton skull. The skeleton skull moans with pain as it is some type of ugly monster now. Then the skeleton skull ignites into a ball of blue and red flames engulfing the upper and lower human skeleton bones.
Throne swiftly crawls ahead underneath the panel of wooden planks that covers the flat ceiling and quickly moves away from the burning objects with a sour frown, “Geez! My mom and dad are not going to be happy about this big ugly smelly mess inside the den.” He swings down through the open archway and then halts upright in a vertical pose in the air like magical, tossing both arms above his hair roots with a smile. He slowly leans his entire body forward into a horizontal pose and then shoves ahead, moving down the center air waves within the tan colored hallway.
The white tinted ice storm rages ahead and moves out from the den space, starting to cover the floor and two walls inside the hallway. Once a section of the floor is covered in white solid ice, the wooden planks burst open and then a new skeleton skull pops upright from the hole.
Throne flies through the air waves staying ahead of the spreading white tinted ice storm, turning the wall corner, slamming into the partially closed door and enters into his private closet.
He halts on top of the ceiling and reaches down with a free arm, wiggling the fingers.
A pair of black tinted cowboy boots lifts up from the floor and lands inside his fingers. 
He quickly slides on each sock and boot over a naked foot.
Then he wiggles the fingers again and snatches up a slightly dirty pale blue short-sleeved shirt from the floor, slipping over the skull and dresses quickly.
He crawls ahead out from the wardrobe closet and maneuvers ahead over each wooden panel using his ten fingernails heading toward the bedroom window with a smile and stops with a gasp.
Outdoors on the manicured lawn, ugly mounds have been unearthed, revealing an individual drifting skeleton skull and their detached skeleton upper and lower body.
He frowns, “Dang! My parents are not going to be happy about this.”
Throne crawls backward from the glass window with a smile and then clings onto the wooden panels by his fingernails with a silly giggle, pulling both kneecaps into his chest, shooting out both legs and as the boot heels smash into the solid glass window. The window breaks into an array of huge chunks and then breaks into a set of numerous pieces, wiggling sideways, dropping down onto the manicured grass inside the yard. He laughs out loud and stares through the open window, “Geez! That was both fun and easy! I told ya’ll before. The dead bodies chased me through the house and then entered into my private room and then they smashed out all of my bedroom windows, Mom, Dad. I was trying to escape and save my precious teenly hind, Mom, Dad. Don’t ya’ll believe me and my unbelievable story? Of course, son, we do,” laughing.
He leans his entire body forward into a horizontal pose again and then flies through the air between the jagged edges of the glass window fragments without getting injured. He sails ahead through the grove of trees. A flock of birds take flight from their home nests while loudly squawking at Throne.
He soars ahead from the grove of trees and continues flying through empty air space with a smile, seeing the flying flock of bird ahead of his vision, shouting out loud the mammals. “Sorry, birdies! I took a flying shortcut through the treetops. I won’t do that again. Now, ya’ll can go back to singing or mating or eating the worms.”
Throne slowly spins around and swiftly flies through the air toward his neighbor’s house with a smile and a whisper for his eardrums only. “Mom and Dad told me to save the town and the people. And I always obey my parents,” laughing.
The neighbor’s house is two miles down the road. This the rural countryside of Carmite, which is town of miles and miles of flat and fertile land property with herds of grazing cows. The brick house stands two-stories high beside a line of overstory green tinted tall trees and low down on top of the ground with a wrap-around front porch in the color is light wood.
A new musical song entitled Need You Tonight starts to sing out loud: Come on here/ All you got is this moment/ The twenty-first century’s yesterday/ You can care all you want/ Everybody does, yeah, that's okay/ So slide over here/ And give me a moment/ Your moves are so raw/ I’ve got to let you know/ I’ve got to let you know/ You’re one of my kind/ I need you tonight/ ‘Cause I’m not sleeping/ There’s something about you girl/ That makes me sweat…
Note: The musical song entitled Need You Tonight has been performed by the American musical band INXS in the year 1987.
In the pale blue sky, Throne flies through the air in a horizontal pose with both of his arms stretched out before his face, like his mother has taught, and then collides into the closed window screen, hanging onto the tender metal with all ten fingernails. He smiles through the glass and sees the girl. He uses his superpower voice and calls out her name. “Sileni come over here and talk to me!”
Sileni, she is the real life hologram high school friend to Caim and also is the real life girlfriend of Throne, where they share the same hometown. She displays average height and weight body frame and seventeen years old, wearing a pale face plus a set of dangling emerald earrings, four wrist bone bracelets, and a tiny glittering tiara. Her black tinted hair is tied into a bun against her bone skull. She wears a sleeveless blouse in black hue, a matching short skirt, and a pair of laced black tinted knee boots, displaying a tone of pale skin, appearing inside the fun hologram game Superhero Time for a short period of time, before her suppertime meal with her family members.
Sileni, she stares into the reflection mirror and then spins around with confusion from her vanity bureau, scanning her hologram private bedroom. Her pair of two eyeballs stops and stares at the open glass window. She sits upright from the vanity seat and then moves ahead with a giggle and then stops, sliding the metal screen to the side, feeling the fresh air. She stares with a smile at her cute boyfriend Throne.
Throne and she are the same age and share all their academic classes at the local high school plus body parts too during their fun time inside the Dark Room.
She giggles. “Hi, Throne!”
“I love you, Sileni.” Throne releases one hand and reaches over, grabbing her naked forearm, pulling her face into his lips. He kisses her and then pulls back with a chuckle. “Now, you will not remember this ever. And you will go and get into your bed mattress. Then you will go to sleep for the rest of the night until the seven o’clock in the morning. Then you will go to church service like normal,” he releases her forearm with a grin in silence.
She reaches out and closes the screen and the window shut in silence, slowly back stepping from Throne and wears a silly grin of confusion. Her mind is active but blank. She slowly spins around with her same silly grin and then slowly moves ahead back toward her bed mattress, climbing into the bed in her regular clothes. She reaches over and touches the lamp, killing the light, lying back down on the pillow. She closes her eyelashes and then sleeps during the late afternoon hours coming from his powerful kiss and verbal suggestion.
“Good night, Sileni,” Throne slaps both hands on the window frame creating a bright blue light that surrounds the house. He jumps backwards with a grunt of pain and then hovers in the air with a chuckle. “She’s my cute girl. I gotta ask her out on a date tomorrow night,” he touches his lips with a nod and sniffs the sweet fragrance. “I like the way she tastes, all vanilla and honey.” He spins around with a smile and then swiftly flies upward through the groves of tree leaves toward the skyline, circling around the house, soaring toward the next neighbor house. He smiles. “My mom and dad told me to save the town and the people.” He snaps his fingers with a laugh.
A new musical song entitled Work It starts to sing out loud: DJ, please pick up your phone, I’m on the request line/ This is a Missy Elliot one-time exclusive, come on/ Is it worth it? Let me work it/ I put my think down, flip it and reverse it/ Ti esrever dna ti pilf, nwod gniht ym tup/ Ti esrever dna ti pilf, nwod gniht ym tup/ If you got a big *elephant trumpet*, let me search ya/ And find out how hard I gotta work ya/ Ti esrever dna ti pilf, nwod gniht ym tup/ Ti esrever dna ti pilf, nwod gniht ym tup…
Note: The true musical song entitled Work It had been performed in the year 2002 by Missy Elliott, an American rapper, dancer, and record producer.
Throne continues his personal flight path and fast speed soaring over a half-a-mile toward the next neighborhood house. Each residential house within the cow town of Carmite is separated with miles and miles of flat grassy pasture land that contains hundreds and hundreds of white and brown colored beef cows, bulls and calves. The mature cattle are sold to each meat producer in the citizen of Birmingham for food and supply money income to each Carmite household.
In the skyline, superhero teen Throne dives down and flies through another thick grove of trees with laughter, colliding into the new house, clinging onto the second story window frame. He leans into the glass with an evil laugh and shouts out loud into the private bedroom of the known teen, “Hey, Zaxle!”
Inside the new hologram private second story bedroom of dark green and orange colors on the second floor at the new residential house, Zaxle is seventeen years old and a senior student at the same high school, displaying a tall and muscular body frame, cropped brown hair, facial whiskers in matching brown hue, and a pair of green eyeballs. He spins a face away from the entrance wall and the gigantic television and shouts out loud with a gasp, “Throne!”
He swiftly stands upright from the lounge chair, where he had been playing an electronic game on his television screen and quickly advances toward the glass window, stopping with a sneer through the glass. “Throne, what are you doing out there in the trees? Are you f…?”
“Fun time here, I’m spying on your ugly face.” He smashes a folded fist through the glass window without pain, grabbing at the white tinted T-shirt on Zaxle, sneering through the solid glass. “That’s for that illegal elbow into my rib cage at our football practice yesterday. If you hurt my chest again, then I’ll smash your face in twice as nice.” He pulls the body on Zaxle into the broken part of the glass and then mouth spits into the distorted face on Zaxle. “Now, Zaxle, you will forget me and my fist punch. You hit your face on the bathroom sink. Now, you go and get into your bed mattress with your dirty soiled clothes on and do yourself,” he laughs. “And, you will go and sleep until tomorrow morning at eight o’clock,” he shoves Zaxle away from the numerous jabbed edges surrounding the glass window, without hurting the teen.
Zaxle slowly back steps and continues to blink his eyelids with a blank expression.
Throne watches with laughter.
Zaxle turns and then slowly moves ahead, climbing onto the bed mattress in his regular clothing, closing his eyelids. He snores in sleep.
Throne slaps the window frame creating a blue light that surrounds the entire house and then jumps backwards with a low sigh, flying upward towards the skyline again, snapping his fingers.
A new musical song entitled Gettin’ Jiggy Wit It starts to sing out loud: On your mark ready set, let’s go/ Dance floor pro, I know you know/ I go psycho when my new joint hit/ Just can’t sit/ Got to get jiggy with it, that’s it/ now, honey, honey, come ride/ DKNY all up in my eye/ You gotta Prada bag with a lot of stuff in it/ Give it to your friend, let’s spin…
Note: The true musical song entitled Gettin’ Jiggy Wit It had been performed in the year 1997 by the American singer and actor Will Smith.
In the pale blue sky, Throne soars through the bright yellow rays of sunlight and dives down, flying through the air, colliding into the low window on the third neighbor house, standing in the bed of pretty colorful flowers. He taps on the glass window with a smile, “Hey, Melstone!”
Inside the private bedroom on the ground floor of the third house, the tall and skinny teen male with shoulder length black tinted hair and a pair of gray eyeballs spins around with a smile, then dashes ahead, and final stops in front of the glass window. He waves with a hand through the glass with a silly giggle.
Throne slams the glass with a hand and a laugh. “Open the window, Melstone!”
Melstone stops the wave but continues to giggle, dropping both hands, opening the window and the screen. “Hey, Throne! What are you doing out there in my yard with the row of pretty flowers and the grove of oak trees?” He sneezes from his allergies while sniffing the fresh air and the row of flowers, lifting up a hand, wiping off the clear snot from a runny nose. He tosses the clear snot at the glass window with a soft swish.
He instinctively back steps from the flinging snot balls that each hit the window one at a time and then smiles at Melstone. “Well, I’m a superhero teen. And I’m here to save your butthole. So, I need you to go and hid underneath your bed mattress while I take care of the evil super villains.”
Melstone continues to sneeze and then giggle wiping off the snot from his nose hole, hitting the glass window. “That’s sound cool, dude! But I don’t believe ya, Thorne. You’re such a sorry fibber.”
“Yeah, I live to fib,” he exhales with annoyance and rears back, shooting his folded fist forward. He breaks the glass window and creates a fist-shaped hole, mouth spitting into the air. His personal mouth spit swiftly flies in the air, through the fist-shaped hole in the window, hitting the cheekbone on Melstone.
Melstone back steps with a yell and reaches up touching the wet salvia on his cheekbone, blinking both eyelids, staring with a blank face at Throne.
He smiles with a wink at Melstone. “Now, you will forget our conversation and my face, Melstone. You will go and get inside your bed mattress and go to sleep. You will awake tomorrow morning and then go to church you’re your parents. Goodnight, Melstone!”
Melstone turns to face the side wall and moves ahead, climbing into the bed mattress, resting on his stomach and sleeps. He doesn’t snore.
Throne bends the kneecaps and then lifts up into the air, flying through the grove of trees. A flock of birds loudly squawk and then dash away from their nest in annoyance. He doesn’t apology for the disturbance and swiftly flies further north with a smile. “One more house…”
A new musical song entitled The Cult of Personality starts to sing out loud: Look in my eyes, what do you see?/ The cult of personality/ I know your anger, I know your dreams/ I’ve been everything you want to be/ I’m the cult of personality/ Like Mussolini and Kennedy/ I’m the cult of personality/ The cult of personality/ The cult of personality/ Neon lights, a Nobel Prize/ Then a mirror speaks, the reflection lies/ You don’t have to follow me/ Only you can set me free/ I sell the things you need to be/ I’m the smiling face on your T.V./ I'm the cult of personality…
Note: The true musical song entitled Cult of Personality had been performed in the year 1988 by the music group Living Colour.

On the extreme northern end in the cow town of Carmite, the valley green carpet of fertile grass and crop land is overshadowed with the last short foothill from the Appalachian Mountain range. A large antebellum house of white metal sliding resides in front of that short foothill mountain providing a valley of rich soil that holds abundance of numerous fruit and tree groves with individual green tinted overstory leaves and rows of low-lying colorful flower beds.
In front of the white tinted antebellum house, a stack of four wide square shaped columns of black paint announces an open front porch. The front porch consists of six rows of solid white concrete that stand between the first and the last column of black paint.
In front of the porch, a wide white tinted concrete walkway rolls out from the last concrete step and then stomps down all the healthy grass and weeds, ending at the edge of a black tinted asphalt roadway.
The roadway is named Main Street where a car, truck, motorcycle, and any other rolling vehicle, including a horse carriage or a horse cart, can travel through the township. Main Street begins in the northern section of Carmite and ends at the southern end, which leads into the interstate.
Within the pale blue skyline, Throne dives down through the bright heated day and then lands on top of the manicured grass. The bed of flowers beside his boots swiftly raises upright from the ground and then exposes a drifting skeleton skull that wears a Hardee hat, a pair of pink tinted eyeballs, a mouth of glittering yellow teeth, and a face of gray whiskers.
Throne dashes ahead toward the front porch, before the rest of the dead body of bones comes out up from the ground and then he stops, standing in front of the double doors in solid blue metal.
This place is called the Wedding House.
The Wedding House is really a fancy indoor and outside location for a wedding reception. The house is an ancient antebellum house that has been owned by the Crackendale clan for centuries.
Each married couple had a wedding at the local church and a reception at the Wedding House. The Wedding House is so popular that outsiders come and celebrate their wedding ceremony there also.
The interior of the house provides an entrance hall where invited guest can meet and greet both the bride and groom. Then the wedding party and their wedding guests venture down a long hallway and enter the dining room that holds two hundred guests, where a set of Crackendale employees serve a four-course dinner to each person and child. After filling a stomach with the good southern meal, the wedding party and their wedding guests scoot down the same long hallway and enter the ball room that holds three hundred dancing shoes.
Well, since the average person has two feet, there is rest for six hundred dancing shoes.
The wedding party lasts until midnight and then the party ends. Everyone leaves the Wedding House for their own personal house, except for the Crackendale family.
On each side of the antebellum house, there are two separate wings compartment that contain an array of numerous living rooms, dens, and private bedrooms, where the Crackendale family members live and thrive.
The Crackendale family consists of a pair of parents and their only child, who is named Mushi.
On top of the front porch, in front of the closed double black tinted metal door, Throne is a southern gentleman and knocks on the metal door, flipping a blue tinted cloth bracelet from his wrist bone toward the empty air space on the left side of his body with a grin.
A drifting dead body stands upright from the manicured grass displaying an individual skeleton skull with a pair of pink tinted eyeballs and a bonnet, a separate upper body with a red tented heart organ and a pair of blue tinted lungs, and a detached lower body with shoes.
A flying blue tinted cloth bracelet morphs into a long blue tinted knife with a very sharp tip and then collides into the upper body at the red tinted heart organ exploding into a vertical array of green and purple colored flames, disintegrating the bones and the clothes on the dead body.
Inside the grand room of the Wedding House, Mushi is a petite, slender and seventeen years old, displaying a head of shoulder length gray tinted hair, a tone of gray eyes, and a tone of dark skin, wearing a pink and gray plaid sleeveless jumper dress and a yellow tinted short sleeved short, a pair of black and white checkered sneakers while practicing a new musical song on the grand piano, hearing the set of fist knocks. “Mom, someone is standing in front of the closed door.”
Outside the closed front entrance doors, Throne continues to knock on the metal door and flings an orange tinted cloth bracelet off from his wrist tone at a second drifting dead body that flows up from the ruffled soil while trying to attack his back spine. The second drifting dead body ignites into a red and mint green fireball of flames disintegrating the bones and the wet soggy clothes on the dead body.
The musical song entitled Symphony No. 5 in C Minor continues to play through the room.
Note: The true musical song entitled Symphony No. 5 in C Minor had been composed by Ludwig Van Beethoven in the year 1808.
In the interior room inside the house, she continues to play the difficult musical song and continues to hear a set of loud fist knocks on the metal door. “Dad, someone is standing in front of the metal closed door. Can ya’ll hear the racket?”
Outside the closed entrance doors, a new musical song entitled How Long starts to sing out loud: All right/ Ooh, yeah/ I’ll admit, I was wrong, what else can I say, girl/ Can’t you blame my head and not my heart/ I was drunk, I was gone, that don’t make it right, but/ I promise there were no feelings involved, mmh/ She said, “Boy, tell me honestly/ Was it real or just for show?”/ Yeah/ She said, “Save your apologies/ Baby, I just gotta know.”/ How long has this been going on/ You been creeping around on me/ While you calling me, baby/ How long has this been going on/ You been acting so shady (shady)/ I’ve been feeling it lately, baby…
Note: The true musical song entitled How Long had been performed by American singer Charles Puth in the year 2017.
On top of the front porch at the Wedding Place building, Throne continues to knock on the metal door and flings a purple tinted cloth bracelet off from his wrist bone onto a third drifting dead body that flows up from the ground, trying to attack his back spine again. The third drifting dead body ignites into a pink and brown fireball of flames, disintegrating the bones and the clothes on the dead body.
In the interior room inside the house, she slides off the piano with a sigh and stares down at the music sheet. “Mom, Dad, I can’t play this piece of difficult music on the grand piano. I think we need a harpist for this song, which ain’t me. Mom, Dad, are either of you listening to me? I’m down here inside the entrance hall of our shared house or home or residence. You need to find another piece of easier musical song for me to play,” Mushi spins around with a smile and leaps off the piano bench, dashing ahead toward the closed front door. “Mom, Dad, I’m answering the door. Are you here? Are you up there in the bedroom doing something that you ain’t supposed to being near my eardrums?” She stops with a giggle and reaches out, touching the door knob.
The set of double door bursts open and slaps the wooden frame, revealing a tall and handsome Throne. He smiles, “Hey, Mushi!”
A new musical song Slow Hands starts to sing out loud: We should take this back to my place/ That’s what she said right to my face/ ‘Cause I want you bad/ Yeah, I want you, baby/ I’ve been thinking about it all day/ And I hope you feel the same way, yeah/ ‘Cause I want you bad/ Yeah, I want you, baby/ Slow, slow hands/ Like sweat dripping down our dirty laundry/ No, no chance/ That I’m leaving here without you on me/ I, I know/ Yeah, I already know that there ain’t no stopping/ Your plans and those/ Slow hands (woo)/ Slow hands...
Note: The true musical song entitled Slow Hands had been performed by American singer Nial Horan in the year 2017.
At the open archway, teen Mushi back steps with a hiss and then a sour frown, “Who are you?”
He moves through the open archway with a smile and slaps his chest with a nod. “I’m Throne. We go to high school together. Don’t you know me? Of course, you do. I know you also.”
She continues to back step with a growl of annoyance, “What do you want here?”
He stops a few feet from the open archway and wears a puzzled brow. “You aren’t a very nice teen person. I’m here to socialize with you.”
She hisses. “Teens socialize by texting…”
“Sexting, I like to do that, too,” he laughs out loud and then reaches out, grabbing her arm, leaning a set of pouted lips toward her sneer.
She swiftly leans backward with a gasp of annoyance and draws back her dominate hand, slapping the smirk off his face.
Throne swiftly slides sideways and then quickly shifts away from Mushi, sailing an upright body straight across the smooth marble floor, slamming into the side wall of peach colored plaster, landing on a row of metal folding chairs with a loud crash and a heavy groan of pain.
A few feet away from the open archway, she turns and gasps in shock, seeing the damaged plaster wall that holds his imprint body and then the grounded teen, “Geez! I didn’t mean to do that. I mean, I didn’t know that I could that. I mean, I don’t know what I mean,” she looks over and examines her hand with a smile.
Within the pale blue skyline, Nightjar and Caim fly side by side through the scattered white and wet clouds. They both dive down away from the clouds and then land side by side in top of a clear spot inside the manicured grass at the Wedding House which has not been uprooted by a set of drifting skeleton skulls.
Caim turns with a worried brow and quickly scans the manicured lawn. “We need to hurry, honey. The dead skeleton bodies are slowly drifting toward the new house.”
“Yeah,” Nightjar reaches out and grabs the hand on his girl Caim, leading them toward the front porch, stopping inside the open archway in the Wedding House. He smiles and says into the nose profile on the new teen female, “Hey, Mushi!”
Mushi frowns at the teenage couple. “Nightjar and Caim, why are you here at my house? What are you doing here at my house? Why is Throne here at my house too?” she looks down with a gasp and studies each dangling mini-key chain which is that is hooked onto his tan colored leather mini-backpack on the front of his chest.
A pink flop-flop mini-key chain slowly sways alone side to side while flying through the air along with the green tinted tiny guitar mini-key chain.
A red tiny sports car mini-key chain violently collides into a tiny framed photo of a black and tan German shepherd breed dog mini-key chain. A solid tiny world globe mini-key chain which is nicely painted in an array of bright colors, representing blue for water, green for trees, and yellow for deserts, viciously attacks the tan colored fabric on the backpack.
Each mini-key chain sings in a tiny musical tone.
Mushi reaches down with a smile and touches the smooth yellow tinted mineral that displays a girly high fashion shoe with a chuckle. “Is this…?”
“…real. Yeah, it’s really me!” He shouts out loud. On the side wall, tall and muscular Throne slowly stands upright from the floor, sitting on both kneecaps, shaking the skull with a loud moan. He is slightly dizzy after hitting the floor, then the floor, and ramming into the row of metal folding chair. “Don’t enter her space! Her slap is vicious.”
Caim turns and laughs at Throne. “His kiss is vile.”
Nightjar frowns at Mushi. “Did Throne try to kiss your lips, Mushi?”
Mushi releases the tiny yellow tinted fashion shoe mini-key chain and then turns with a sour frown, hissing at Throne, who continues to stand on top of the marble floor by the far side wall. “Yes.”
Nightjar turns and frowns at his friend Throne. “Look! I told you and told you not to do that, bro. The girls didn’t like that.”
Throne slightly stands upright on top of the marble floor within the scattered row of fallen folding chairs and shakes his curls, clearing the dizziness. “I had to know.”
Nightjar frowns. “Now, you know.”
Mushi turns and frowns at both Nightjar and Caim. “What’s going on here?”
Inside the room, the smooth black and gray marble floor swiftly is covered in a sheet of solid white ice. Mushi loose her foot balance with a pair of sneakers for some reason and quickly slips sideways with a gasp as Nightjar reaches out and grabs her arm, balancing Mushi upright with difficulty.
On the side wall of dull gray paint, Throne reaches out and touches the solid wall, slipping side to side over the cold and ice-coated white tinted floor with a gasp of alarm also. He flies upward and hits the ceiling panels with a loud crash, hanging onto the wooden painted planks with ten finger pads like magic, looking down at the ice-covered floor with puzzlement in silence.
Mushi turns and gasps at the damaged side wall, slowly looking up to see Throne with another gasp of wonderment in silence.
On the ceiling, Throne swiftly crawls with both his naked hands and his set of boot toes over each black tinted wooden ceiling panel moving back toward the open archway, shouting out loud. “We gotta leave right now, ya’ll.”
Mushi continues to watch Throne on top of the ceiling with a stunned look. “What is he up there on the ceiling? How did he get up there on the ceiling? What is this? What is going inside my house here?”
The black tinted grand piano quickly becomes covered in a sheet of solid white ice. Then the black and white tinted piano keyboard explodes into numerous fragments that fly in the air and reveals a drifting skeleton skull that wears a pair of pink tinted eyeballs, a soggy green tinted bonnet, and a set of glittering yellow teeth.
Mushi jerks her arm away from Nightjar and then back steps from him, spinning around with a scream, pointing at the floating skull. “What…what is that?”
“A dead human body part, the skull of the human skeleton,” Throne drops down from the ceiling and lands beside Mushi with a chuckle. “I thought you passed your biology class in the tenth grade at our same school building.”
Caim laughs at Mushi. “She failed her class. I was there to eyewitness it.”
Mushi spins around to see Throne and then looks up to see the ceiling, then down to see the damaged wall. Through the ice-coated floor, the frozen marble breaks upright and tosses numerous broken pieces over the floor, a second skull emerges, wearing a pair of pink tinted eyeballs, a set of glittering yellow teeth, and a head of gray hair. She covers her mouth and screams out loud.
Throne reaches out and cuddles Mushi, because he likes it and wants to. He smiles and winks at her face. She continues to scream in terror and horror. He leans down and whispers into her eardrum with a smile. “Now, we have properly introduced ourselves to each other. We need to swiftly go and quickly find out who has or what has awoken all of these dead people.” He spins around with her to face the front porch and then swiftly dashes ahead, running with her through the open archway and over the broken pieces of concrete walkway, where a scattered array of individual drifting skeleton skulls is slowly flowing up from the broken ground.
Mushi cuddles in the arms of Throne and then turns with loud gasps of horror at the ugly scene inside the manicured lawn of her home residence.
Nightjar and Caim cuddle inside the entrance hall in the Wedding House and then spin around together to face the front porch also, swiftly following the back spine on Throne and Mushi in silence.
They swiftly dash off the private residence and the ugly manicured yard on the Wedding House, marching down the black tinted road pavement on Main Street while passing each residential house.
Throne moves in a row with his friends and snaps his fingers with a smile.
A new musical song entitled Turn Up the Radio starts to sing out loud: Turn it up/ Yeah/ I’m working hard, you’re working too/ We do it every day/ For every minute I have to work/ I need a minute of play/ Day in day out all week long/ Things go better with rock/ The only time I turn it down/ Is when I’m sleeping it off/ Turn up the radio/ I need the music, gimme some more/ Turn up the radio/ I wanna feel it got to gimme some more…
Note: The true musical song entitled Turn Up the Radio had been performed in the year 1984 by the American musical band Autograph.
Within the cow town of Carmite, the street roadway features rows of tall brown tinted bark trees with a green tinted overstory leaves blocking out the bright sunlight heat during the daylight hours and beams of tiny moonlight rays during the nighttime. Each walkway is tinted in a different hue of flat concrete of character which extends onto a friendly front porch for each new visitor.
Each flat yard is nicely shaded with a grove of tall trees and manicured with rows of trimmed green grass and scattered pods of colored flowers. Each house displays two rows of unbroken glass windows and a colored front door that is not open or damaged.
No drifting skeleton head or floating upper skeleton body with wet and dirty clothes hangs over the manicured yard on each house.
On the same single street, in the middle of the town on each sideway of the road, a short and tall row of buildings represents each business company, such like, the food store, the feed store, the shoe store, the clothes store, and other small business ventures that each person uses.
Several feet away from the concrete walkway on the Wedding House, a row of teens, Throne, Mushi, Nightjar, and his girl Caim slowly move ahead with a special purpose.
Mushi cuddles with Throne and then shoves him from her rib cage, wearing a sour frown, turning to stare at each residential house on each side of the street with puzzlement. “What was that? Why is a band of skeleton heads floating up from my manicured lawn? My parents are going to be very unhappy. I’m very unhappy. And I’m very scared. Where are my parents? They don’t seem to be at home. I didn’t hear them padding around my house. What is going on here? O!” She halts with laughter and slaps both hands down onto her dress. “This is so simple and obvious.”
Throne stops beside her and wears a stern face, turning to see the neat row of houses and then stare at the nose profile on Mushi. “It doesn’t look simple to me. What do you mean, girl?”
Nightjar and Caim both stop and turn, staring with a puzzled brow to see at the nose profile on Mushi in silence also.
Mushi turns and smiles at each teen. “O! I get it. I completely understand now. Our home town of Carmite is being invaded by the Land of Zombies. And…and we’re to go and get ‘em and then round ‘em up inside one of the cow corrals, like a herd of cattle. And then we…we’re to do what with them.”
Throne moves ahead and shakes his curls, turning to stare at the neat row of residential houses, lifting both of his arms even with the gray tinted street pavement. Two individual blue tinted lights emerge from each hand, hitting two separate houses without destroying the property. He frowns. “No.”
Mushi moves ahead with a smile and turns to see each residential house, “O yeah! They are a set of creepy crawlers which are properly called, a zombie. Is this a zombie invasion?”
Throne continues to move ahead in the middle of the street pavement and tosses a blue tinted wave at each residential house. “No, they emerge from the ground and then float in the air. The bones are floating like a ghost, but they are not a haunting ghost. A ghost haunts a physical place.”
Each house is pleasantly standing upright without damage to the exterior or interior underneath the bright sunlight rays of a heated day. The day is filled with drifting white cloud cover and hot temperatures, only hot day in the US State of Alabama within the cow town of Carmite.
On top of the gray tinted street pavement, without a car or a horse, Caim slowly moves ahead beside Nightjar in the semi-crooked line of teens and shakes her brown tinted pixie hairstyle with a stern face, twisting both arms toward a row of stationary residential houses in red brick, shooting out an individual green tinted wave from each hand. The green tinted wave hit two different houses without damaging the residence. “No, a zombie is a person that is really alive and wants to zombie your body into a zombie.”
The musical song entitled Turn Up the Radio continues to sing out loud: Now, listen / I wanna shake, I wanna dance/ So, count it off a one, two, three/ I feel the beat, I’m in a trance/ No better place to be/ Daytime nighttime, anytime/ Things go better with rock/ I’m going 24 hours a day/ I can't seem to stop/ Turn up the radio. I need the music, gimme some more/ Turn up the radio I wanna feel it got to gimme some more…
Nightjar moves slightly behind his girl Caim and continues to stroll down the single paved gray tinted street within the city of Carmite. He tosses both arms to the side, emitting an orange tinted solid wave from each hand. An individual orange tinted wave hits two individual houses at the same time, but each house does not implore with any type of fire or physical damage. “This lot of dead bodies is not alive. Someone or something or some creature is manipulating the dead bodies of no life or no limb. Our job is to find out and then eliminate it or them or he or she or thing or creature,” laughing.
Mushi continues to move down the black tinted street with Throne, Nightjar, and Caim, wearing a confused brow, “How do you know this?”
“Nightjar doesn’t!” Throne continues to move beside Mushi and tosses each naked arm to the side, releasing a blue wave from each hand of five fingernails into two individual houses. Each house twinkles in a blue aura without exploding into flames for some reason. He laughs. “Nightjar is making it up as we walk down the nicely paved roadway through the center of cow town Carmite. Ain’t that right, bro?”
Caim continues to move slightly ahead of her guy Nightjar at the end of the teenly row, exhaling with worry and a nod, tossing both arms to the side. She releases two individual orange tinted waves from each hand that hits two separate homes. Each home does not flame into fire. She smiles. “Throne is correct. And Nightjar is correct also. We don’t know. But something or someone is controlling all of the dead bodies.”
Mushi halts with a gasp again and turns to see each residential house that twinkles in unnatural hue in puzzlement, viewing each teen with a sour frown. “Okay. I am an intelligent life form. I think. And I am a highly observant life form. I guess. I can see you and him and her possess some type of supernatural something that comes out of each naked fleshy hand…”
“The colorful wave is coming outta of each naked, fleshy finger pad actually.” Throne stops and stands beside Mushi turning with a smile to her nose profile, lifting up both palms with a chuckle.
Nightjar and Caim halt, then back step, and finally stand back in the same teenly line, turning to see Mushi in silence.
“Yeah,” Mushi exhales with annoyance. “And I can see and I can touch you and him and her without going to sleep or permanently dying. So, that must mean that I’m something else, too. So, what am I, and you, and he, and her called now, before, yesterday, present day, tomorrow?”
Nightjar smiles, “You, me, her, and him, we are all called a superhero or a super entity or a super person or a super teen.”
Throne slaps his muscular chest with a laugh and a nod. “I’m a superhero guy.”
Caim slaps her set of big breasts with a smile and a nod. “I’m a superhero girl.”
Mushi gasps in shock. “No! That’s impossible. I am not a superhero teen.”
Throne laughs with a nod, “Yup! You’re a superhero teen like us, three.”
The musical song entitled Turn Up the Radio continues to sing out loud: Turn up the radio/ I wanna feel it got to gimme some more/ Turn up the radio/ I need the music, gimme some more (Yeah)/ Turn up the radio/ I wanna feel it got to gimme some more (waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah)/ Turn up the radio/ (Come on) I need the music, gimme some more/ (Everybody)/ Turn up the radio/ (Turn it up)/ I wanna feel it got to gimme some more…
Mushi frowns. “How…how do you know this?” She turns and frowns at each teen face.
“My parents told me,” Caim nods with a smile.
Throne nods with a smile. “My parents told me.”
“Yeah, my parents told me, too.” Nightjar nods with a smile. 
Mushi gasps. “No. My parents didn’t tell me. Why didn’t my parents tell em?”
Caim frowns. “I can’t answer that question. But I find that very strange that your parents didn’t tell you.”
Throne frowns. “Are you really the daughter of the Crackendale clan?”
Caim nods with a tern face. “Yes, I’m the real biological daughter.”
Throne slaps his chest with a smile. “So, that means, your parents are a pair of superheroes like you and us and my parents.”
“Really!” Mushi gasps. “I can’t believe this. I’m really a superhero. And my parents are really a pair of superheroes. I don’t understand. How is this possible?”
Nightjar laughs with a nod. “O! I can answer that one,” he turns and reaches out, grabbing each bicep on his girl Caim, slamming his kneecap into the rear of her leg. She bends forward into his chest with a giggle and then tumbles down toward the street pavement. Nightjar hugs her body into his chest without damaging her rear skull.
A new musical song entitled Just What I Needed starts to sing out loud: I don’t mind you coming here/ And wasting all my time/ ‘Cause, when you’re standing, oh so near/ I kinda lose my mind/ It’s not the perfume that you wear/ It’s not the ribbons in your hair
And I don’t mind you coming here/ And wasting all my time/ I don’t mind you hanging out/ And talking in your sleep/ It doesn’t matter where you’ve been/ As long as it was deep, yeah/ You always knew to wear it well and/ You look so fancy I can tell/ I don’t mind you hanging out/ And talking in your sleep/ I guess, you’re just what I needed/ I needed someone to feed/ I guess, you’re just what I needed/ I needed someone to bleed…
Note: The true musical song entitled Just What I Needed had been performed by American musical group The Cars in the year 1978.
Nightjar slowly drops down both of their bodies with a smile and then gently lands both of them on top of the street pavement, releasing one of the straps on his mini-backpack. The mini-backpack slams down onto the pavement with a set of loud tings. Caim rests down on her back spine with both of her legs apart while giggling with a grin. He slowly leans down and rests on top of her small breasts with a chuckle, slowly dipping down and gently licks and then kisses her smooth cheekbone, then her cute nose bridge, and then finally her set of parted soft lips. She giggles with a grin and then closes her mouth, kissing his lips, sounding a sigh of heavy moans.
On top of the pavement, underneath the heated day, Throne stands in place and bounces up and down with excitement, clapping with a laugh. “Go! Go, buddy! Go faster! Go faster, buddy,” laughing.
Mushi stands beside Throne and gasps with embarrassment while turning slightly blush from the physical silly teen performance with Nightjar and his girl Caim on the pavement.
On top of the smooth gray road pavement, Nightjar lifts upright his entire body and moves away from her breasts and her legs, crouching down over her body, standing on his naked palms and his sneakers. He winks with a smile at Caim. She giggles with a grin. He leans down and slowly scoots his abdomen and his two thighs against her parted legs, roughly sliding over her flat abdomen while sounding with a set low moans.
Caim wiggles side to side with a giggle on top of the smooth pavement with a set of loud groans. “Do me! Go fast! Go fast, darling!”
Nightjar grunts loudly and continues to scoot over her body, sliding his abdomen and his two thighs down while brushing up against her parted legs as each one is fully clothed and demonstrates their silly pretend sex act performance.
Caim jerks both of her hips up and down on top of the hard pavement, gently hitting into the waistline with a set of giggle and a series of low groans. “Go faster, honey. Do me faster, darling!”
On top of the street pavement, underneath the bright sunlight, Throne bounces in place and points down at his buddy Nightjar with a laugh. “O! O! That’s great! Keep going! No, man! Stop, Nightjar! I’m getting hot and heated and h…”
“Hold it! Okay! All right! I do. I do understand my parents and my origin, ya’ll.” Mushi tosses both arms in the air with a sour frown and slaps them back down onto her jumper, slowly turning to face the pavement, moving ahead with a sour frown in silence.
Throne continues to stand and stare at Nightjar and Caim, laughing out loud. “Okay! Your demonstration worked. Get up! We need to find the ugly monster that is interfering with my Saturday afternoon.”
Nightjar slides off Caim and reaches out, grabbing his leather mini-backpack, standing upright on the top of the hard pavement and leans down with a single hand. Caim swiftly jumps upright from the street and then lounges inside his two arms with a giggle. She leans over and kisses his lips for a few seconds, pulling back with a wink and a giggle.
On top of the hard pavement, Throne lifts both of his palms near his smile. “Okay! All right! The sexy demonstration is over,” he turns to see the back spine on Mushi and then races ahead, pulling up beside her with a chuckle. “Do you understand how you became a baby superhero? I can demonstrate to you, as well…”
“No!” Mushi reaches over and shoves Throne away from her rib cage again with a sour frown, slowly moving ahead with a sour frown, snapping her fingers.
A new musical song entitled Owner of a Lonely Heart starts to sing out loud: Move yourself, you always live your life/ Never thinking of the future/ Prove yourself/ You are the move you make/ Take your chances win or loser/ See yourself, you are the steps you take/ You and you and that’s the only way/ Shake, shake yourself/ You are every move you make/ So, the story goes/ Owner of a lonely heart/ Owner of a lonely heart (Much better than a)/ Owner of a broken heart/ Owner of a lonely heart
Note: The true musical song entitled Owner of a Lonely Heart had been performed by an English rock band which was named Yes in the year 1983.
On top of the smooth gray tinted roadway, Nightjar and Caim race ahead together with a smile and then pull up beside Mushi while forming a new semi-crooked line of four teenage superheroes again. He leans over and kisses her lips for a few seconds while moving down the single street pavement in the row of superheroes. He pulls back with a wink and licks his wet lips with a smile. “You taste like honey.”
“I like it when my honey bear licks my honey off my body too.” She leans over and kisses his wet lips for a few seconds moving down the single pavement, pulling back with a smile, licking her wet lips.
Mushi continues to move ahead with three other superhero teens and wears a puzzled brow. “What type of superpowers do I, you, he, and she possess within our bodies? I didn’t know any of this.”
“We can fly.” Throne swiftly lifts up from the street pavement and then poses in a horizontal position in the air like magic, slowly flying in a couple of completed circles around the moving line of three teen superheroes with loud laughter.
Nightjar continues to move ahead and stares with a smile down the roadway. His superhero eyesight cannot see the far away distraction. He turns and targets the new two houses, emitting two individual orange tinted superhero waves at each structure without damaging the building. “However, our superhero air flight talent is limited based on our teenly age and our lack of superhero experience. We technically can only air-fly from here in Carmite up toward the state line near the US State of Tennessee or down towards the seashore line in sunny US State of Florida.”
The musical song entitled Owner of a Lonely Heart continues to sing out loud: Say, you don’t want to chance it/ You’ve been hassled before/ Watch it now, eagle in the sky/ How he dances one and only/ You, lose yourself, no not for pity’s sake/ There’s no real reason to be lonely/ Be yourself, give your free will a chance/ You’ve got to work to succeed/ Owner of a lonely heart/ Owner of a lonely heart (Much better than a)/ Owner of a broken heart…
On top of the smooth roadway, Caim slowly her pace and then lags behind the superhero line, turning to face the opposite street, sending two individual green tinted superhero waves toward two individual houses without damaging the structure in silence. 
Throne lands down on the ground with a chuckle and swiftly dashes ahead with a smile, slamming into the side of Mushi, leaning into her smooth cheekbone with a laugh. “I vote that we abandon this teen superhero mission and we all fly down to sunny beach and white sands for the hour. I love to have sex on top of the white sands.”
Mushi reaches over and then forcefully shoves Throne away with her girly powers and a soft growl as he quickly shuffles sideways over the street pavement with a laugh. She stares ahead with a soft growl. “You and the white sands go and enjoy doing your nasty ‘wild thing’ on the beach front all alone and solo and single. I’m staying here and fixing this problem within my homeland.”
Nightjar continues to move ahead and flings his two superhero waves at each residential house, exhaling with worry. “As we each get older, we can fly further and faster like our two superhero parents.”
Mushi continues to move ahead with a puzzled brow beside Nightjar and exhales with a deep sigh of confusion. “I didn’t know both my parents were a pair of adult superheroes. They have never hinted or told or written down that information to me.”
Caim continues to lag behind and flings her two superhero green tinted waves at each residential house with a confused brow. “That’s very strange and puzzling.”
Nightjar continues to move ahead and tosses two superhero orange tinted waves at two individual residential houses with a puzzled brow. “No! It is very wise and considerate. I wished that my set of superhero parents had only hinted at that vital important information to me. I received my superhero training staring at the age of ten years old. And I have been superhero training it, since then.”
Throne slides sideways from Mushi and then stops, pointing down, wiggling his fingers. His superpower lifts up a large rock out from the rock garden at the next residential house. “We can toss an object with the hands or without the hands.” He flings a hand that extends toward the large tan colored rock with an invisible hand toward the grove of trees, releasing the invisible hand. The rock soars through the air and then hits the bark on the tree. A flock of birds loudly squawk and then fly away from their individual nests in angry. He shouts out loud with a smile. “Sorry, birdies! We can toss much a set of larger objects, also, like a small car.”
Nightjar continues to move ahead and pitches his two superhero orange tinted waves at two individual residential houses with a stern face. “However, our superhero toss talent is limited based on our teenly age and our lack of superhero experience.”
Mushi continues to move ahead with a puzzled brow in silence.
Throne dashes ahead and then halts a few feet from Mushi smiling with a nod. “And we can turn our superhero bodies invisible,” he starts to spin around in a series of completed circles and then his body disappears at the third circle. He stops in place and shouts out loud with his invisibility. “Can you see me?”
“Yeah!” Nightjar slowly dashes ahead and then purposefully runs into the invisible body on Throne for fun with loud laugher, twisting to the opposite side, releasing two more superhero waves at two additional residential houses on the same row. Each house glows in orange tint. “However, our superhero invisibility talent is not perceived for a shorter period of time like on hour based on our teenly age and our lack of superhero experience.”
“Hey!” Throne stands in place and then shouts out loud on his invisible body.
Caim fires off four different superhero waves into four different houses while dashing ahead and playfully collides into the invisible body on Throne also, giggling at the silly teenly performance. She moves ahead with a smile and continues to fire off each one of her superhero waves from each hand into a house without destroying the residence.
“Hey, now!” Throne continues to stand in place and then shouts out loud with his invisibility.
How did you know where Throne stood?” Mushi scoots around the spot where Throne had stood and then moves ahead with a giggle and a grin without releasing her superhero wave into each house.
“He always does that. Throne turns on his invisible superhero talent and then stands in the same place which is like a super villain, instead,” Nightjar moves ahead with laughter and continues to toss an orange tinted superhero wave at two houses at the same time without destroying each building.
A new musical song entitled Magic Man starts to sing out loud: Cold, late night so long ago/ When I was not so strong you know/ A pretty man came to me/ I never seen eyes so blue/ You know, I could not run away it seemed/ We’d seen each other in a dream/ Seemed like he knew me, he looked right through me, yeah/ “Come on home, girl,” he said with a smile/ “You don’t have to love me yet, let’s get high awhile/ But try to understand, try to understand/ Try, try, try to understand, I’m a magic man…
Note: The true musical song entitled Magic Man had been performed by an English rock band which was named Heart in the year 1976. The band members included two sisters Nancy and Ann Wilson.
On top of the pavement, the invisible body of Throne spins around and then returns back into his real humanoid selfie with a laugh, spinning around with a smile, dashing ahead and then stops a few feet before the row of three superhero teens. “We can heal our superhero bodies also,” he pulls out his pocket knife and cuts a slash into his forearm while yelling out loud. “That hurts!” He lifts up the injured arm as the blood travels down the naked skin toward the elbow, closing both eyelids, smiling with a nod. “Now, look and see here!” He grunts and then holds his breath, grunting again. The slash slowly closes up and folds the skin over the bloody wound in a few seconds. He opens the eyelids and touches his arm, nodding with a smile. “Did you see that? We can heal our own superhero body. I healed my superhero body with my superhero mind in a superhero time.”
Mushi continues to move ahead with a puzzled brow and a nod in silence.
Nightjar moves ahead with a stern face and then blasts out two of his superhero waves at two more residential houses. “However, our superhero healing talent works on our own superhero body with less speed than a superhero adult. And our superhero healing talent does not work on anyone else’s body, human or superhero, based on our teenly age and our lack of superhero experience.”
Caim continues to move down the pavement and then shoots out two of her superhero green tinted waves at two more houses. “And we can’t change our superhero individual appearance thou. Even if, I dye my brown tinted pixie hairstyle into the color of green, for fun, it will swiftly morph back into my brown hue again. That’s part of the superhero rules. We can’t alter our appearance for nothing.”
Mushi continues to move ahead and strolls beside Nightjar wearing a worried brow, staring at each house. “O! So, the enemy will know our face at all times…”
“Yeah, that’s sorta right!” Nightjar continues to move ahead and tosses two orange tinted superhero waves at two more houses without destroying each permanent man-made structure.
Mushi continues to move ahead and stares with a stern face at each twinkling house, “Thanks for all of the physical superhero demonstrations, superhero teen Throne! Now, I understand what I can do but have not been doing and don’t know if I can still do,” she exhales with annoyance at her parents and stares at each twinkling house. “Each one of you is obviously reinforcing each residential house for war. Why are we, superheroes protecting each house and the humans inside each household?”
A new musical song entitled Desperado starts to sing out loud: Desperado, why don’t you come to your senses/ You been out riding fences for so long now/ oh, you’re a hard one/ I know that you got your reasons/ These things that are pleasing you/ Can’t hurt you somehow/ Don’t you draw the Queen of Diamonds, boy/ She’ll beat you if she’s able…
Note: The true musical song entitled Desperado had been performed by an American rock band which was named Eagles in the year 1973.
Nightjar continues to move ahead, shooting out two of his superhero orange tinted waves toward two individual houses with a smile. “This is part of the superhero rule book that all superheroes follow. This is the third rule of our superhero job, protect all the human structures. Our prime superhero job is to kill the super villain or villains. The second superhero rule is to protect the humans, since we are not humans.”
Mushi gasps. “Are we a set of immortal beings then?”
Caim continues to lag behind both Mushi and Nightjar while releasing two of her superhero green tinted waves toward two individual houses. “No. We live for long periods of time on the tick-tock clock, but we do die at point of our long life, such like, my set of grandparents is dead. I find that strange, since most of my school mates do have at least one or more grandparents alive and well. When I asked my parents, they told me that my grandparents were five hundred years old, when they finally died and then left the planet.”
Mushi halts with a gasp of shock, covering both eardrums with her long fingers, wearing a worried brow. “Whoa! Really! What! This is too much for me to handle. I gotta go and find my real parents. They can answer all of my real questions.”
Nightjar continues to move down the single pavement street while eyeing the nosily commotion ahead and then turns tossing two of his superhero orange tinted rays at two more houses for protection. “We don’t have time for you to faint or fend or find anything, Mushi. We, four superheroes have to figure out what is that thing crawling out from each deep grave, literally.”
Throne dashes ahead, then passes Caim with a laugh and finally stops, moving beside Mushi, twisting to face the side yards on the street, shooting out his blue tinted superhero protection ray at two different house with a laugh, “A dead body…”
“The last time I looked or heard or learned, a dead body didn’t walk or talk or groan in the same air space with me.” Caim continues down the pavement and tosses two of her superhero green tinted protection rays on two more houses.
Mushi spins around and moves backward staring at the mountain of forest and trees. “What about a protection superhero ray for the forestlands, the grass soil, the trees, and animals?”
Nightjar continues to move ahead and pitches two of his superhero orange tinted waves at two more houses. “We are not allowed to destroy any of the above mentioned objects. That’s written in the superhero rule book also.”
Mushi swings back around with a stern face and turns to see each residential house, without helping the three other superheroes. “But you are protecting the house and the humans. Why not zap a protection ray around the town and in the sky and on the soil and in the forest and surround an animal?”
Nightjar nods. “Each house is man-made structure which can be destroyed by any type of vile ray from a super villain. The Hollywood television programs and movie films got that right. However, it is also against the super villain rules to destroy other property, such like, a human, a building, a pond, a forest, an animal, an insect, or a leaf. So, we kinda set the parameters around the human objects for the super villain.”
Mushi continues down the pavement with the three other superheroes wearing a puzzled brow, staring at each house. “But one single ray from a super villain could hit and then destroy everything. Look!” She points at one of the houses. “Don’t look! Where is an individual floating skeleton skull at that house over there?”
Throne continues down the pavement with the three other superheroes with a smile, twisting to the side, tossing out two of his blue tinted waves to protect to two more residential houses. “That is one of super villain rules. A super villain can’t mess with Texas,” he laughs and then clears a throat. “That’s a superhero joke. My dad says it all the time. Anyhow, a super villain can’t mess a human life or living thing or a home or a tall building or a cute family pet or even a ringing personal mobile telephone,” laughing.
Mushi frowns. “However, the steady band of flowing body of bones up from the ground is a really good example of the super villain destroying a human. These bones are human lives that are dead and buried.”
Nightjar continues to move ahead down the long center street pavement and flings out two of his orange tinted superhero protection rays at two more houses. “Our prime superhero job is to stop the super villain while protecting each human life force. If we do our superhero job right, then everything turns back to normal right after the super villain has been destroyed like magic. All the destroyed human bones and their soggy wet clothes will reconstitute and then go back into the grave or the ground. The wonderful superhero end!” he laughs with Throne.
A new musical song entitled Highway to Hell starts to sing out loud: Living easy, living free/ Season ticket on a one-way ride/ Asking nothing, leave me be/ Taking everything in my stride/ Don’t need reason, don’t need rhyme/ Ain’t nothing I would rather do/ Going down, party time/ My friends are gonna be there too/ I’m on the highway to hell/ On the highway to hell/ Highway to hell/ I’m on the highway to hell…
Note: The true musical song entitled Highway to Hell had been performed by an Australian hard rock band AC/DC in the year 1979.
On top of the gray tinted road pavement, Caim continues to move ahead with a sour frown and flings out her superhero protection ray at each house. “However, if we fail in our superhero job, then all the destroyed bones, houses, forestlands, trees, animals plus us as superheroes and teens all stay destroyed, permanently.”
Mushi continues to move with the other teens without performing any superhero talent and nods with a smile. “Okay! That’s an easy rule for a superhero. What are all of the super villain rules?”
Nightjar continues to move ahead with a smile, protecting each house. “A super villain can see but can’t kill a human life force. He or she or it can see an animal but can’t kill the creature either. A super villain can come after any known superhero like us. At my house…”
“And my house…” Throne continues to move with a frown and shoots out his superhero protection ray to protect each house and human household.
“And my house…” Caim nods with a frown.
At each one of our homes as we are a superhero, the drifting bag of bones turned the solid walking floor and walls and ceiling into a solid sheet of ice and then broke through.”
Mushi frowns. “Why were the floors and walls and the ceiling turned into a solid sheet of ice?”
Caim continues to move ahead and smiles, spraying her superhero wave at each house with a human family. “Where does a cold, dead body lie?”
Mushi nods. “O! A cold, dead body lies in the cold, wet ground. So, the cold temperature from the ground turned the floor into ice.”
Nightjar continues to move ahead and blasts out his superpower protection wave at each house. “No. The dead body turned the floor into an ice cube. Then the icy floor provided a slick pathway for the dead body to emerge and then arises inside our own home environment.”
Mushi frowns. “My parents are not going to be happy about the mess inside the entrance hall of our house. Is that a super villain rule?” The line of four teens continues to move down the single pavement in silence. She frowns. “Is that a super villain rule, ya’ll?”
Throne continues to spray his superhero protection ray at each house. “I don’t know. This is my first superhero assignment.”
The musical song entitled Highway to Hell continues to sing out loud:  No stop signs, speed limit/ Nobody’s gonna slow me down/ Like a wheel, gonna spin it/ Nobody’s gonna mess me around/ Hey, Satan, paid my dues/ Playing in a rocking band/ Hey, mama, look at me/ I’m on my way to the promised land, whoo/ I’m on the highway to hell/ On the highway to hell/ Highway to hell/ I’m on the highway to hell…
“What did you say?” Mushi stops with a gasp.
“This is my first superhero assignment also.” Caim halts with a nod and a smile.
“What did you say, girl?” Mushi frowns at Caim.
“This is our first superhero assignment ever.” Nightjar winks to Caim. “Now, let’s get moving and finish our first superhero assignment, ya’ll!”
Mushi extends both arms even with the pavement and gasps in alarm. “Wait! Does this disruptive and unknown super villain know that also? This is our first superhero assignment ever.”
Caim moves ahead with a smile. “No. The disruptive and unknown super villain does not care. He or she or it only wants to kill us…”
“What?” Mushi gasps in alarm and grabs her throat with worry while saying with a meek whisper for each pair of superhero eardrums. “I could die,” she gags and then coughs with her mortal concern of life.
The three other superheroes stop and then turn while staring at Mushi in silence.
“Me, you, he or she could die, babe,” Throne turns and winks at Mushi. “That’s our superhero role here on the planet. However, we are all trained.”
Mushi slaps her chest and shakes her long black tinted curls with a sour frown. “I am not trained. I do not possess a shiny superhero costume or a long cape. And I do not possess a superhero weapons either.”  
“Uh!” Nightjar halts with a smile and turns with a wink to see Caim. “We are only superhero teens. Our parents are the set of experienced superhero adults and possess a shiny superhero costume and some have a cape and everyone has a superhero weapon. However, based on our teenly age and our lack of superhero experience…”
“There’s no freaking superhero weapon for my hand,” Mushi screams out loud in fear, “Why the fudge not? What’s the probe there for not giving us a superhero weapon to defend my teen life?”
Throne smiles. “The gang of super villains does not produce a baby or a teenage villain. Each one is an ancient and mean and rude and unkind and uncaring ugly adult. A super villain can take away our superhero weapon and then destroy all the superheroes, including us, and the entire world. That’s both superhero and super villain last rule in the rule box,” he laughs.
Mushi slaps her forehead and shakes her curls again with a worried brow, “That…that’s just stupid.”
“That…that’s just real, babe!” Throne moves ahead with a laugh and sprays each residential house with his superhero protection ray in blue.
Mushi slowly moves ahead with a sour frown, shaking her curls. “So, what’s the point of being a teen superhero here? I don’t understand. What is our superhero purpose, which is not to die first?”
Nightjar moves ahead on the single pavement and twists to face the side yards on the street pavement, shooting out two of his superhero protection rays at two individual houses. “We, the superhero team mates are here to defend the vortex spot.”
Mushi frowns. “What is a vortex spot?”
Caim moves ahead in the row of four and blasts out two of her superhero protection rays at two individual houses. “A hidden place, that is located here, where we, four superheroes are defending the secret spot,” laughing.
Mushi moves ahead with the other teens and then scans the local landscape with a sour frown. “What is the purpose of the vortex spot?”
Nightjar continues to move ahead with a stern face and tosses out two of his superhero protection rays at two more individual houses. “The vortex spot holds in all the other super villains.”
Mushi nods with a stern face. “O! That makes some sense. So, the super villain wants his or her or its mate or child outta of the dark hole.”
Throne continues to move ahead and sprays out two of his blue tinted superhero protection waves at two additional individual houses. “You got it, babe!”
Nightjar gathers up more foot speed and swiftly moves ahead and tosses his superhero protection rays at each house. “Look! We need to move more swiftly and finally end this death parade of skeleton body parts, before dusk.”
Mushi moves ahead with the row of three other superheroes and wraps both arms around her body with love and worry, without assisting with the protection job on each house with a human household. “Why is that important? What happens at the dusk?”
Throne continues to move down the single pavement with a laugh and sprays out his blue tinted superhero protection waves on each house. “Don’t you know, Caim?”
Mushi tosses both arms in the air and then drops them down, slapping her legs with a sour frown. “Of course, I don’t know. I don’t know anything about this. I don’t know about you or her or me or him. I don’t know my parents or your parents or his parents or her parents or their parents. No, I don’t know nothing else, but I do this much, I don’t wanna die.”
Nightjar moves ahead with a laugh and a nod, “Me, either!”
Caim moves ahead beside Nightjar with a nod and a smile, “Me, three!”
Throne continues to move ahead and sprays out his blue tinted superhero protection ray toward each house, turning with a wink to see Mushi. “I can’t believe that you don’t know, girl.”
Mushi continues to move in the row with the other three superhero teens and wears a sour frown, tossing both arms in the air with confusion. “Look! I’m new at all of this superhero stuff. What happens at dusk?”
Throne continues to stroll down the paved street with the other three superhero teens and tosses an arm to the side. A solid blue light quickly emerges from his five fingertips and then hits, surrounding the next residential house.
Mushi turns and gasps at the blue light that surrounds the house. The house flicks off and on with the blue light without exploding into a ball of fire. “Why are you hurting that residential house? Do you know the occupants of that house? Why are you flaring a blue light into that house? The house has an aura of blue tint now. Why doesn’t the house explode into a fireball?”
Caim turns and tosses both arms to the side. From each five fingernails, a green light emerges and hits two different residential houses. The individual solid green light surrounds each house but does not harm the house. “No. We are not harming the house or the household of human occupants. Each one of us is tossing a superhero protection ray in a pretty color that comes from our superhero body. The superhero protection ray is protecting the residential house and the household of occupants of humans from each one of the creepy crawling dead bodies.”
Mushi frowns. “The zombies…”
Nightjar continues to move ahead with a stern face and tosses out his orange tinted protection ray at each house of humans. “The group of floating dead bodies is not a gang of walking zombies. The floating dead body is manipulated with an evil Source, not occupied with the evil Source.”
Mushi exhales with annoyance and worry. “Yeah, that makes perfect sense to me.  Not! Someone answer all of my numerous questions, please!”
Throne laughs with a smile. “Do you know what happens at dusk, Mushi?”
Mushi moves ahead with a smile and flings out her superhero solid green tinted ray that hits and then surrounds two more houses, “Yeah.”
Throne continues to send out his blue tinted solid superhero protection ray from each hand directly at two residential homes. “Do you know what happens at dusk, Nightjar?”
Nightjar continues to move and tosses out his orange tinted superhero protection ray from each hand that surrounds two more houses, “Yeah.”
Throne continues to move down the pavement with a smile and sprays out his blue tinted superhero protection ray on each house. “The local atmosphere here in Carmite becomes nighttime like dark or black hue. The lovely yellow tinted moon comes out and all the twinkling stars appear. I thought you learned that scientific phenomena with me in the fourth grade, Mushi,” he laughs with Nightjar and Caim.
Caim moves ahead with a smile and continues to fling out her superhero green tinted light around each house. “She failed her science course in the fourth grade. I personally know that.”
Mushi rolls her eyeballs and then stares down at the ground, still strolling with the other three superheroes without helping the human colony of Carmite. “So, I can’t see them. Well, that’s good for me. Then the gang of creep-crawlers can’t see me either.”
Caim continues to move ahead with a stern face and shoots out her superhero green tinted protection wave at each house. “That’s all wrong, Caim. The dead bodies are not crawling on the ground like a freaking zombie. Each dead body is floating in the air, like a ghost, but it is not a haunting ghost. It is a haunting set of scary skeleton bones, sorta.”
Mushi continues to move ahead with the three other superheroes, turning with a puzzled brow to see each residential human house. “Can the human household see out a glass window the haunting set of scary bones?”
Nightjar continues to move down the roadway pavement with his new superhero team, wearing a stern face, tossing his superhero protection ray into the next house. “No. That’s why we’re zapping an individual colorful superhero protection ray completely around each human house. Each human family is happily numb or soundly asleep or diligently working on some dumb boring project inside their human house. Each human family is safe and is not aware of our superhero teenly battle out here.”
Mushi gasps. “We are not in a battle here.”
Throne laughs. “Yeah, this is our first superhero battle with our first true super villain which will not be our last either, girl.”
Caim frowns. “That’s not how it works here within the supernatural world that invades our planet environment. A supernatural creep can see without or with its one or two or more eyeballs both in the darkness and in the daylight, just like a true adult superhero. We are only teenagers, so each one of us possesses only teen superpowers.”
The musical song entitled Highway to Hell stops playing the musical notes and words.
The sky is pale blue. The air is slightly warm. Each bird flies away. Each squirrel scurries up a tree. The sun shines down on the planet.
Throne stops and turns with a sour frown, pointing at the town’s cemetery. “Well, I do believe that we just find the wicked Source of nasty superhero troubles.”
The town grave cemetery is surrounded by an ancient iron fence of twenty feet high which overgrows over a line of thick brown tinted tall trees with an individual overstory of green tinted leaves. Inside the cemetery, the hard ground of flowers and manicured grass violently shifts sideways and then flips over, rolling to the side, revealing a metal or wooden coffin. Each coffin lid slowly glides open and then reveals a resting body of bones that is surrounded by pieces of shred colorful clothing.
Each skeleton skull slowly drifts upward without the rest of the skeleton and shows a pair of pink tinted eyeballs, which are not real. The teeth glitter on the skull, which is abnormal. Some of the skull wears a hat dress of soggy wet green tinted plants, black colored dirt balls, and swirls of glittering red blood proteins.
A few seconds later, the upper body of the same skeleton bones appears and slowly drifts up in the air displaying a red tinted tiny heart organ between a pair of blue tinted lungs that glows between the set of torn shreds on his ripped clothing.
A few second later, the lower body on the same skeleton bones appears and slowly floats up in the air featuring a set of wet, soggy clothing that is covered in wet green plants, black tinted dirt balls, and glittering array of red tinted blood proteins.
Mushi halts with a gasp and turns to see the cemetery also with a worried brow. “This…that is too easy, ya’ll! What do we do now?”
Nightjar halts with a gasp and turns with a smile, reaching out, shoving Caim further away from his stationary body. “Spread out! Spread out! Everyone, spread out within even footage from each other. Now, we can take this out and finish this superhero mess, before the supper meal.”
Caim skips sideways and then halts an even distance from her guy Nightjar, staring at the cemetery. “We should study the weird usual phenomena first. We need to figure out how this happened.”
Throne frowns at the weird usual movement inside a dead zone, the town cemetery. “I agree with my home boy Nightjar. We dispatch this weirdly and usual phenomena first. Then, we go home and tattle to our folks second.”
Mushi continues to stand in place with a confused brow at the dead body motion inside the current town cemetery and then looks down with a smile to see each naked hand. She slowly lifts up both palms near her smile. “O! I know what to do now!”
In the middle of the superhero row, Nightjar stands in place and faces the ancient fence that surrounds the enclosed town cemetery and snaps his fingers with a nod and a smile while creating a personal theme tune for his superhero event.
A musical song entitled Kiss My Country Ass starts to sing out loud: Tearing down a dirt road/ Rebel flag flying/ Coon dog in the back/ Trunk bed loaded down with beer/ And a cold one in my lap/ Earnhardt sticker behind my head/ And my woman by my side / Tail pipe’s popping/ The radio’s rocking ‘Country Boy Can Survive’/ If you got a problem with that, ha, ha/ You can kiss my country ass…
Note: The true musical song entitled Kiss My Country Ass had been performed in the year 2010 by American country singer, songwriter, and television personality Blake Shelton.
On top of the grass in front of the gated cemetery, teen superhero Nightjar reaches, reaching up, snatching off the tiny pink tinted flip-flop mini-key chain inside his cupped hand. He flings the tiny pink tinted flop-flop mini-key chain through the air, sailing it in-between the empty space of two fence posts and as the pink tinted flip-flop mini-key chain quickly morphs into his superhero weapon ball that glows in pink hue. The glowing superhero pink tinted tiny weapon ball slams and then hits the upper torso at the clothed arm on a drifting upright female skeleton. Then the drifting female skeleton explodes with a loud pop into a vertical array of green and peach colors.
In front of the gated cemetery of ancient poles, Throne quickly dashes sideways from his stationary spot and violently smashes into Mushi, “No!” He hugs her upright body into his chest, yelling into her eardrums. “No! Do not use your hands!” He releases Mushi and pulls back from her body, shaking his shoulder length curls with a stern face. “No. Your hands emit out a superhero protection ray for a protection purpose in some type of pretty color. If you zap your protection ray at each drifting dead skeleton body, then you will be protecting the drifting dead skeleton body from each one of us. Then, no other superhero can destroy it. So, don’t use your hands or your naked feet that exposes your manicured toenails, either.”
Mushi gasps into his face. “O dear! I’m sorry. Thanks for telling me,” she drops both of her hands and slaps her naked legs, wearing a worried brow.
Throne nods with a smile. “That’s okay. You’re still a newbie with your new superhero powers. I don’t understand why your parents didn’t tattle that you’re a superhero.”
Mushi exhales with annoyance. “I didn’t understand either.”
Throne nods. “Okay.” He quickly shuffles sideways from Mushi, stops and stands even footage away from Mushi, turning to face her. He raises both hands. “Now, toss a rock at me! I wanna show you how the protection ray works. This will be your first true superhero lesson.”
She nods with a smile and then looks down at her feet, searching for a rock.
“No!” He exhales with a sour frown. She looks up with a puzzled brow to see Throne. He smiles at her newbie attitude. “No! Extend both of your arms away from your armpits and then wiggle all of your ten fingers down toward the grass. Then, use your superhero mind and mentally think or say out loud the noun or object or person, place or thing, such like, rock. Then, a rock will stir around in the grass and then lift up and say ‘hi’ to you, Mushi. Now, that how it works for a superhero.”
Mushi nods in silence and stands with both feet apart, extending both arms in the air, wiggling all ten fingers in the air and then mental thinks of the object: rock. At the street pavement, near one of the tall trees in front of the cemetery fence posts, a small tan colored rock wiggles side to side over the grass. Then the rock slowly lifts up from the soil and hovers in the air, staring at the nose profile on its mistress Caim. Mushi continues to wiggle her ten finger pads and stares at Throne. The small rock slowly sails ahead through the air and then heads toward Throne.
He swiftly shuffles to the side and extends both arms toward the flying rock. The rock hits an invisible force field that glows in pale blue tone. Throne giggles at the tender tickle of the small rock hitting his superhero force field. Then the rock explodes into millions of tan colored fragments and falls down, landing on top of the pavement. “There! That’s a simple demonstration of a protection ray that surrounds the body of a superhero.”
She nods with a sigh and drops both arms down onto her legs, “All right! I understand. I think. I guess.”
Throne kicks up a naked leg into the air and then holds the limb still, pointing down at his naked feet inside a pair of nasty black colored flip-flops, laughing with a smile. “A superhero protection ray comes out of your two naked feet like your naked five finger pads. However, your two feet have to be totally naked and not covered in a pair of girly shoes,” he wiggles each one of his ten naked toes with a laugh.
The musical song entitled Kiss My Country Ass continues to sing out loud: Well, I love turkey calls, overalls, Wrangler jeans/ Smoke nothing, but Marlboro reds/ Tattoos up and down my arms/ And deer heads over my bed/ My granddaddy fought in World War Two/ My daddy went to Vietnam/ And I aren’t scared to grab my gun/ And fight for my homeland/ If you don’t love the American flag/ You can kiss my country ass…
“She got it. She gets it. She understands it, Throne! Get moving and start destroying each floating dead skeleton body inside the cemetery,” Nightjar stands in place and reaches up, snatching off the tiny green tinted guitar mini-key chain from the mini-backpack, tossing the mini-key chain through the empty space in-between two fence posts. The tiny green tinted guitar mini-key chain swiftly morphs into a tiny green tinted round ball, slamming into the face on a drifting child skeleton. The child skeleton explodes with a loud pop into a colorful flame of purple and green hue.
Throne turns with a smile and stares at the ancient rusty high fence that surrounds the town cemetery, snapping his fingers with a laugh, creating a musical superhero theme tune for his action.
A new musical song entitled Country Song starts to sing out loud: Well, I can’t stand to look at you, now/ This revelation’s out of my hands/ Still, I can’t bear the thought of you, now/ This complication’s leaving me scared/ Stay, when you think you want me/ Pray, when you need advice/ Hey, keep your sickness off me/ Trying to get through/ Blame all your weakness on me/ Shame, that I’m so contrite/ Hey, keep your fingers off me/ Why can’t I get through…
Note: The true musical song entitled Country Song had been performed in the year 2011 by the South African rock band Seether which had been founded in the year 1999 in Pretoria, Gauteng, South Africa.
On top of the dirt, Caim slowly turns with a worried brow and stares into the cemetery with a puzzled brow. “How do we dispatch a floating dead skeleton of bones which comes in three different bone sections that floats up from one coffin into the unlimited invisible air current behind a gate of ancient rusty and thick steel poles?”
The musical song entitled Country Song continues to sing out loud: You think you have the best of intentions/ I cannot shake the taste of blood in my mouth/ (Hey) I keep on thinking that it’s/ (Hey) All done and all over now/ You keep on thinking you can save me, save me/ (Hey) My ship is sinking but it’s/ (Hey) All good and I can’t go down/ You got me thinking that the party’s all over…
Throne watches a drifting dead body that comes up from the lid of the ripped off coffin. “We are a superhero teenager with a set of superhero stuff,” he rips off a green tinted cloth bracelet and flings the superhero weapon through the empty space in-between the ancient fence post. The bracelet quickly morphs into a superhero green tinted long knife, hitting the upper body on a gray haired female skeleton. The gray haired female skeleton floats in three separate body sections and then burns into a vertical array of indigo and brown colors.
The musical song entitled Kiss My Country Ass continues to sing out loud: If you’re a down home, backwoods redneck/ Hey come on, stand up and raise your glass/ But if you aren’t down with my outlaw crowd/ You can kiss my country ass/ Aw, yeah/ Aw, yeah…
Nightjar stands in place with a smile and reaches down, ripping off two additional mini-key chains on the dangling mini-backpack on the front of his green and white shirt. He turns and smiles at the nose profile on Caim, holding the tiny red sports car mini-key chain and the framed photo of a German shepherd dog mini-key chain in the air. “Do you see this? My superhero stuff is a key chain. I tote around a mini-backpack that dangles with numerous tiny key chains like a dorky high school student. However, the numerous mini-key chains are really my superhero stuff. Because I told you before, we are teens. And we can’t hold or harm with a superhero weapon like our superhero parents. And inside my mini-backpack, which I tote around everywhere even in the shower and my bed mattress, there are tons and tons of tiny key chains inside the dark space. Now, watch this!” He turns to face the cemetery and flings each mini-key chain through the empty space in-between the two fence bars. The tiny red sports car mini-key chain glows in a pretty hue of red color and then hits a drifting male skeleton of bones, exploding with a loud pop, creating a flame of mint green and pink hue. The tiny framed photograph of the German shepherd breed dog glows in black and then strikes a drifting female child skeleton of bones, exploding with a loud pop also, producing a vertical array of silver and lavender hue.
Nightjar turns and winks at his girl Caim. “Did you see my cool teenly superhero move? Each individual mini-key chain becomes a cool superhero colorful mini-bomb which destroys the evil enemy,” he reaches up and pulls down two more mini-key chains from his tan colored mini-backpack, turning to face the ancient fence, flinging each one through fence posts. Each superhero mini-bomb glows in color.
One yellow tinted superhero mini-bomb hits and then destroys the drifting male skeleton, producing an array of black and purple hue. The tiny world globe mini-key chain morphs into an orange tinted superhero mini-bomb, then collides and finally burns a drifting female skeleton in the air. The drifting female skeleton burns up with yellow and pink hue in the air and then turns into nothingness.
On top of the dirt, his girl Caim nods with a puzzled brow at the destroyed enemy. At the end of the row of superhero teens, she stands with a smile and even distance from her guy Nightjar, snapping her fingers, creating her own super heroine musical tune.
A new musical song entitled Wolves starts to sing out loud: In your eyes, there’s a heavy blue/ One to love and one to lose/ Sweet divide, a heavy truth/ Water or wine, don’t make me choose/ I wanna feel the way that we did that summer night (night)/ Drunk on a feeling, alone with the stars in the sky/ I’ve been running through the jungle/ I’ve been running with the wolves/ To get to you, to get to you/ I’ve been down the darkest alleys/ Saw the dark side of the moon/ To get to you, to get to you…
Note: The true musical song entitled Wolves had been performed in the year 2017 by Selena Gomez, an American singer and actress and another American singer and songwriter Marshmello.
On top of the dirt in front of the gated cemetery, Caim reaches down and rips off one of the colorful satin ribbons from her fit waistline. Her pair of faded and ripped skinny blue jeans contains numerous belt loops that hold many satin ribbons in a rainbow of colors. Each satiny ribbon wraps around her tiny waistline and then falls down toward the feet almost but not quiet touching the ground. She reaches down with a sneer and grabs, sliding out one of the orange tinted satiny ribbons from each belt loop, whipping the shiny fabric through the air waves. The satin ribbon snaps with a soft sizzle and then morphs into her superhero whipping lasso that both glows in orange hue and sizzles with her superhero powers. Caim slaps the orange tinted lasso around her brown tinted hair roots with a smile. “Hey! Look over here, Mushi! Look at me, Mushi!”
Mushi turns and gasps at Caim and Caim’s orange tinted whipping lasso.
On top of the dirt, Caim ropes the superhero lasso through the air and above her hair roots, tossing the tip on the lasso through the two fence posts, striking at one of the drifting female skeleton that wears a long skirt. Her superhero lasso neatly wraps around the skirt and then crushes the boney legs with a loud pop. Then, the drifting female skeleton explodes with a loud pop into a vertical flame of red and green colors, disintegrating the bones and the clothes. She turns and winks at Mushi. “My superhero weapon is each one of my long and soft satiny ribbon. I wear my set of satin ribbons in an array of fun colors around my waistline. Thus, my superhero weapon travels with me everywhere, even inside the bathroom, in case of a super villain attack. Now, we each have displayed our individual superhero weapon. What is your personal superhero weapon?”
Mushi exhales with annoyance and worry, tossing both arms in the air, slapping them back down over her black and white checkered tights. She shakes her long curls of gray hue. “I don’t know my superhero weapon. My parents didn’t tell me this stuff. I don’t know what it is. How do I find out? I wanna find out. I need a small superhero weapon to defend my person here, today, right now, at this moment,” she is almost in tears over the new discovery of her secret identity and can’t defend her body or assist with the new superhero mission.
The musical song entitled Kiss My Country Ass continues to sing out loud: Well, there’s a whole lot of high-class people out there/ That’s looking down on me/ ‘Cause the country club, where I belong/ Is the Honky Tonk till three in the morning/ Don’t wear no fancy clothes/ No ties or three piece suits/ You can find me in my camouflage cap/ My T-shirt and cowboy boots/ If that don’t fit your social class/ You can kiss my country ass…
In front of the ancient gated cemetery, Nightjar stands in place and then hand tosses two more mini-key chains at two additional drifting upright skeleton bones. The two skeletons perform a vertical burning in an array of colorful hues. He smiles. “Well, the superhero weapon is personal.”
The musical song entitled Country Song continues to sing out loud: Well, I can’t stand to be with myself /This liberation’s seemingly rare/ And I can’t stand the taste of your mouth/ This sublimation’s outta of my hands/ You stay ‘cause you think you want me/ Pray, when you need advice/ Hey, keep your sickness off me/ I’m trying to get through/ Shame you could take this from me/ Bane on an empty mind/ Hey, keep your fingers off me/ Why can’t I get through…
In front of the ancient cemetery, Throne stands in place and kicks out a naked ankle toward the fence. A red tinted and a purple tinted cloth bracelet slips off his naked ankle and then soars over the top of the ancient fence, colliding into two individual drifting dead bodies. He smiles. “Yeah, it’s something personal and private and intimate. I like wearing a set of cloth bracelets around my wrist bones and my ankle bones, even as a little kid.”
Mushi stands in place and stares at the motion inside the cemetery with a sour frown. “I don’t wear a set of cute and colorful cloth bracelets on both of my wrist bones or both my ankle bones. I don’t own a set of cute and colorful cloth bracelets either. And I have seen touched or collected a mini-key chain without a house key or a car key or a dungeon key for any reason.”
Throne laughs and pitches another cloth bracelet that morphs into a superhero knife at the drifting teen skeleton. “What’s a dungeon key?”
Nightjar continues to toss a handful of mini-chains at numerous skeleton bones. “It belongs to another hologram game.”
Throne laughs, “Which one?”
He frowns. “Physically and mentally play within this active hologram game, Throne!”
“Okay! Just asking! Geez!” Throne laughs.
Mushi continues to stand and whines. “And I don’t wear an array of satin long ribbons around my waistline either. What else could my superhero weapon be or become or be on me? What am I missing here, ya’ll?”
“Well,” Caim pitches an orange tinted superhero lasso that is really her satin ribbon from her waistline through the space in-between the two fence posts, slamming the weapon into a drifting male skeleton, slapping the skeleton skull with a head of wet and stringy black tinted hair. “I have always liked to wear a satin ribbon around my blue jeans. I have been wearing a pair of blue jeans, since I can remember. And I have always worn a satin ribbon like a waistline belt through each belt loop on my blue jeans, since I can remember.”
Mushi turns and frowns at Caim. “When did you start wearing a series of satin ribbons around your waistline? Each satin ribbon is pretty and you have a small waistline. So, you wear an abundance of satin ribbons.”
The musical song entitled Wolves continues to sing out loud: I’ve been down the darkest alleys/ Saw the dark side of the moon/ To get to you, to get to you/ I’ve looked for love in every stranger/ Took too much to ease the anger/ All for you, yeah, all for you/ I’ve been running through the jungle/ I’ve been crying with the wolves/ To get to you, to get to you, to get to you/ To get to you/ To get to you…
“Thank you, Mushi!” Caim stands in place with a smile and pulls out a new satin ribbon in purple hue, whipping her superhero glowing purple colored lasso weapon at a drifting male child skeleton, hitting the red tinted heart organ on the child. The drifting child skeleton burns with a loud sizzle into an array of gold and black hue. “I started wearing a set of multiple and colorful satin ribbons when I was thirteen years old. My mom gave me the idea at first. My mom told me that the set of satin ribbons would look both pretty and deceptive to any super villain,” she turns and bounces up and down, staring at Mushi. “That’s it! My mom encouraged me to wear a set of satin ribbons, which are really my personal teenly superhero weapon, on my body. So, I did that. Now, I’m a superhero, who is using each satin ribbon that comes from my waistline as my teenly superhero weapon. And I’m destroying each drifting up dead skeleton body. So, don’t you see it now, Mushi?”
Mushi frowns. “No. I still don’t see it.”
A new musical song entitled Country Song starts to sing out loud: (Hey) I keep on thinking that it’s/ (Hey) All done and all over now/ You keep on thinking you can save me, save me/ (Hey) My ship is sinking but it’s/ (Hey) All good and I can’t go down/ You got me thinking that the party’s all over/ Lay down/ Just stay down/ Lay down because I’m trying to get through…
“I see it now.” Throne stands in place and flings an arm toward the fence, releasing four cloth bracelets from his wrist bone. Each cloth bracelet glows in a new color and then morphs into his colorful superhero knife. Each four flying superhero knifes plop into the rotten bone matter and then sticks into four different drifting dead bodies. Then each body explodes with a loud pop and then burns in a vertical array of colors. He smiles. “I wear my superhero weapon too on my wrist bones and my ankle bones. Now, I’m a superhero, who uses my superhero weapon. A cloth bracelet morphs into my superhero knife that kills each drifting dead body of bones. My dad offered to me my first ever cloth bracelet in the color of green. Then my parents continued to bring me a cloth bracelet every day. I have piles of cloth bracelets…”
The musical song entitled Kiss My Country Ass continues to sing out loud: If you’re a down home, backwoods redneck/ Hey, come on, stand up and raise your glass/ But if you aren’t down with my outlaw crowd/ You can kiss my country ass…
“And I have piles of mini-key chains also,” Nightjar stands in place and tosses a handful of mini-key chains over the fence that lands on an individual drifting skeleton. Each skeleton sounds with a loud pop and then explodes into an array of pretty colors. He smiles. “My mom gave me my first mini-key chain at the age of thirteen years old also. Then my dad gave me the mini-backpack the next day at the same age and told me to always wear the mini-backpack around the town and to school. He told me to carry the mini-backpack around everywhere which holds my superhero weapon, a mini-bomb. Don’t you see now, Caim?” He flings a handful of colorful mini-key chains through the fence post and destroys more drifting upright skeleton bodies that flame in pretty colors.
Mushi frowns. “No! I still don’t see and I still don’t understand. I still don’t have a superhero weapon,” she looks down with a worried brow and kicks the street pavement with her pair of black and white tinted ballerina flats.
At the end of the row, Caim stands in place and turns with a smile to see Mushi whipping the lasso above her brown tinted hair roots. “Mushi, your superhero weapon is a personal item. And the personal item is located somewhere on your body.”
Mushi looks up with a puzzled brow and then slaps her hands over her body with a sour frown at Caim. “I don’t possess a personal item on my body.”
Caim exhales with frustration and nods with a fake smile, “Yes, there is a superhero weapon on your teenly body.”
“Alert over here! Our town cemetery has been here for centuries like before the dinosaurs. This manicured grassy graveyard is filled with thousands of dead bodies. And each dead body is ripping up the nice grass and drifting up in the air, moving towards us. Everyone, with a superhero weapon, please continue to destroy each floating dead skeleton body, right now, today, at this moment,” Nightjar stands in place with a deep sigh of frustration and reaches up, dipping down a hand down into the open min-backpack on his chest. He grabs a handful of colorful mini-key chains and flings each cupped palm of tiny objects at each floating dead body. Each dead body sounds with a pop in a musical scale and then burns in a vertical array of colors.
The musical song entitled Wolves continues to sing out loud: Your fingertips trace my skin/ To places I have never been/ Blindly, I am following/ Break down these walls and come on in/ I wanna feel that way that we did that summer night, night/ Drunk on a feeling, alone with the stars in the sky I’ve been running through the jungle/ I’ve been crying with the wolves/ To get to you, to get to you, to get to you/ To get to you/ To get to you…
Caim turns and whips her orange tinted superhero lasso side to side, flinging the tip through the bars on the fence, slapping at the skeleton on the female dead body. “I’m going back to work and destroying each drifting dead body. Throne, you are closer to Mushi. Go over there and see if you can help her find her personal superhero weapon. Nightjar and I will continue to explode each drifting dead body,” she exhales with frustration. “Our first superhero assignment is rough and tough. I didn’t expect to do some much work,” she rears back her superhero orange tinted lasso from the cemetery space behind her rear skull, pitching the tip back through the two fence posts, smashing into a drifting child skeleton dead body with a head of wet and stringy blonde hair.
Throne kicks a leg into the air and as three cloth bracelets fly off his ankle bone, soaring up into the sky and then morph into an individual superhero knife. Each knife sails down into the cemetery property and then hits three different drifting dead bodies of skeleton bones through the top of the wet and stringy hair roots. A colorful knife protrudes from each skull bone. Each skeleton body halts in flight and then slumps down back in death, exploding in a vertical array of pretty colors. 
Throne spins around with a smile and dashes ahead, slamming into the upright body on Mushi while laughing out loud. Mushi screams out loud in fright as she is not a tough girl teen superhero and also does not feel an ounce of pain like a sissy and weak human life form.
They spin around in a couple of completed circles that blur in an array of pretty colors.
Then Throne tilts sideways out of the spinning circle and drops downward, landing hard on top of the solid street pavement with a loud grunt. He continues to hug Mushi and laughs in her distorted face.
Mushi gasps in shock from the hard impact, grunting with a set of loud sounds into his smile.
The musical song entitled Kiss My Country Ass continues to sing out loud: Well, I’m a front porch sitting/ Guitar picking, moonshine sipping/ Backer juice spitting country boy from the woods/ And I love fried chicken and blue gill fishing/ And outlaw women and I wouldn’t change, if I could/ No / I aren’t trying to start no fight, but I’ll finish one every time/ So, you just mind your own damn business/ Stay the hell outta mine/ If you got a problem with that/ You can kiss my country ass…
Nightjar turns and laughs at the silly performance of Throne while continuing to fling out each one of his superhero mini-bombs at each drifting dead body in silence.
Caim turns and gasps at the stupid performance of Throne, continuing to toss her superhero lasso through the bars at each drifting dead body in silence.
On top of the street pavement in the pale blue sky, Throne reaches down and touches her body, searching for her personal superhero weapon, which is hidden somewhere on her body. Her superhero parents have not told their daughter the superhero secret.
Mushi rolls side to side over the hard pavement and giggles out loud from his tender touches, exhaling with annoyance, reaching up and slaps on both of his naked arms. She yells out loud in angry. “Get off of me now! Get away from me, Throne!” She reaches up with a sneer and one hand, slapping his chest.
“Hold still, girl!” Throne shifts his smile away from her slapping hand with a chuckle and a grin, shuffling his of naked hands over her upper body. “Not here! I’m searching for your personal superhero weapon that is on your body,” he reaches down and tickles her naked legs with a smile. “Not here! Stop wiggling, Mushi! I’m fr…”
“Frisky! Get off of me, Throne!” She reaches up with one hand and slaps his smile right off his face.
His face swiftly shifts in the opposite direction away from her slapping hand and as his two naked hands continue to frisk her body, laughing out loud. “This is fun…”
“This is torture,” she reaches over with a growl and one hand, slapping his earlobe. 
“Ouch!” He slides backwards from her upper torso with a stunned face and lifts a hand, touching his earlobe with a sour frown. “That hurt, girl!”
She wiggles backward with a soft snarl and crawls over her fanny, moving away from the kneecaps on Throne and then stops, sitting backwards on her kneecaps. She sneers at him and lifts both palms into the air. She plans to give Throne a permanent ear mark on his earlobe and his cheekbone of her vicious love.
At the end of the row, Mushi turns away from the cemetery and gasps down at the two grounded teens. “Wait! What did you say, Throne?”
Throne continues to sit on his kneecaps with a stunned face on top of the street pavement and gently touches his earlobe, feeling the heated liquid. “She slapped my earlobe during our fun playtime. And I think my naked earlobe is bleeding out with my own blood proteins. My fingers are red colored with my blood also,” he reaches up and holds the injured earlobe, humming with a country song, healing the broken skin with his superhero powers.
Nightjar turns and gasps at Throne also. “What did you hit Throne’s earlobe with, Mushi?”
Mushi continues to sit on her kneecaps and sneers at Throne, “My hand!”
He smiles. “Wait! What is that object on your hand?”
She snarls at Throne, “My fingers!”
He laughs. “No. What are those objects on each one of your fingers?”
She growls at Throne, “My finger rings.”
Nightjar nods with a smile. “That’s right, Mushi. You have worn a set of colorful hand finger rings for years and years. I remember seeing a set of finger rings around each finger and finger joint, when we share some of our academic classes at high school.”
Caim gasps with a smile. “Did your mom give you each finger ring?”
Mushi looks down with a gasp and examines each finger ring that covers each joint finger with a smile. “Yes, my mom gave me my first finger ring at the age of ten years old. And my mom told me to wear each finger ring always even to bed. And I did that.”
Nightjar laughs out loud. “Bingo is his name. O, Mushi! That’s your personal teenly superhero weapon. Your mom gave the first finger ring to you at the age of ten years old. And you have worn them since. And you wear an abundance of finger rings in an assortment of gem stones and metals, since then.”
Mushi reaches down with a nod and gently touches each finger ring on one hand that appears in an array of colors, texture, and minerals, metals. Then she looks up with a smile to see Nightjar and Caim. “This is my teenly superhero weapon, a simple finger ring.”
“Yes, Mushi!” Caim nods with a smile. “That’s your superhero weapon, a finger ring. Now, rip off the ring and use it and then destroy the rest of the drifting dead bodies inside the cemetery. We can’t let the gang of drifting dead bodies leave the cemetery,”
On top of the street, Mushi slowly stands upright on the pavement and stares with a smile down at each finger ring, which is really her superhero weapon, “Why not, Caim?”
In the middle on the teen superhero row, Nightjar returns back with a stern face to see the fence on the cemetery and exhales with determination. “The drifting dead bodies will get out and then scatter away from us. And one of the drifting dead bodies with three parts might get lucky enough and then pinpoint the hidden and secret vortex spot for the super villain that has invaded our cow town of Carmite. We must destroy them all right here and right now. Get to work, superhero team!” He reaches up and digs down into the open backpack, pulling out two handfuls of mini-key chains, holding each cupped palm near his snarl. He releases both palms of objects with his superhero might as each object sails over the top of the ancient fence and then hits one of the drifting dead bodies. Each dead body sounds with a loud pop and then explodes into a vertical array of colors.
On top of the hard street pavement, Throne opens his eyelids with a smile and drops down his hand. His hand is still imprinted with tiny splatters from his own dried red blood proteins. He flings the dirty hand down onto the fabric on his black jeans, cleaning off the mess, lifting up the hand with a smile. The hand is clean. He touches his earlobe with the same hand and pulls back, seeing the same clean hand. His earlobe has been healed by his superhero powers. Throne slowly stands upright on the street pavement with a grin.
Mushi looks up with a sad face. “I’m so sorry, Throne. I didn’t mean to harm you with my superhero weapon. It looks like a harmless girly finger ring, but it is not.”
He leans over and shoves her collar bone with a chuckle and a wink, slapping the hand down into his jeans. “Don’t worry about it, superhero girl. Now, you’ve found your teenly personal superhero weapon. Let’s finish off the dead bones and go and get find a supper plate! I’m working up a healthy appetite from my first superhero mission,” he quickly slides sideways away from Mushi and then spins around with a laugh facing the fence that surrounds the cemetery, seeing numerous drifting dead bodies with a gasp. Then he laughs out loud and flings each leg in the air and as numerous cloth bracelets fly off from each one of his naked ankles into the air.
Each colorful cloth bracelet sails through the air and over the top row of fancy iron made symbols on the ancient fence, quickly morphing into an individual superhero knife. Each superhero knife hits and then sinks down with a loud slurp into one of the body parts on each drifting dead body. Each drifting dead body halts in place and then slumps down, exposing the protruded knife, exploding in a vertical array of pretty colors.
Mushi stands in place with a grin of excitement at her new superhero job and touches each finger ring, gently pulling one finger ring in silver tint with an emerald gem stone from her naked finger. She looks up with a puzzled brow and studies the interior of the cemetery. Each drifting dead body lifts up from its dead cold grave and then floats forward toward the fence, targeting each superhero teen. She shakes the finger ring side to side in the air, but it does not change from the original state of a ring. “Why didn’t my parents told me that I was a superhero? I don’t know what to do with the superhero weapon.” Caim turns and watches Throne.
Throne stands in place and faces the ancient fence that surrounds the cemetery. He flings out each leg, where each naked ankle wears a colorful assortment of teenly cloth bracelets. A set of colorful cloth bracelets flies off each ankle bone, then soars through the air and over the row of ugly tiny status head, morphing into a superhero knife. Each superhero knife falls downward inside the cemetery property and then hits, destroying one of the drifting dead bodies into an array of pretty colors.
Mushi turns and stares at Nightjar.
The musical song entitled Kiss My Country Ass continues to sing out loud: I said if you got a problem with any of that/ You can kiss my natural born, redneck to the bone/ Ever-loving country ass…
Nightjar stands in place and faces the ancient fence that surrounds the cemetery also. He wears a tiny mini-backpack in orange hue on his chest that badly clashes with his green and white checkered shirt. He reaches down and grabs a handful of mini-key chains. Each key chain contains some type of symbol in an assortment of colors. Nightjar lifts up both cupped palms with all the tiny objects and tosses each palm forward toward the fence posts through the air. Each mini-key chain flies through the air and then soars through the empty space in-between the two fence posts, morphing into a round object that glows in a bright neon color.
Then, each colorful round object slams into one of the drifting dead bodies. Then each drifting dead body explodes with a loud pop and then burns in a vertical array of pretty colors.
Mushi stares at Caim.
At the end of the superhero line, Caim stands in place and faces the same ancient fence that surrounds the same town cemetery too. She whips her superhero lasso in the color of bright neon orange around her hair roots first and then slams the sharp tip through the open space between the two fence posts next, targeting two drifting dead bodies in the air waves. The tip on her superhero lasso neatly wraps around the two upright floating dead bodies and then creates a sizzling sound around each upright skeleton set of floating bones, exploding the two dead bodies into an array of colorful hues.
In the middle of the superhero row, Mushi looks down with a smile at each finger ring. “O! I got it. I toss my superhero weapon from my finger. Then, it sails through the air. Then, it morphs into my superhero weapon. What could my superhero weapon become? I don’t know. My pair of superhero parents didn’t bother to tell me that I was a superhero girl,” she softly laughs and then rears back her arm behind her skull, flinging the hand forward, releasing the finger ring with a red stone in golden metal.
The single finger ring flies forward through the empty air space between two fence posts and enters into the cemetery property, twinkling in array of new color underneath the bright sunlight. The ring swiftly morphs into a flying rounded disc. The rounded disc twirls sideways through the air and contains a set of numerous tiny sharp blades over the metal, targeting a drifting dead baby skeleton skull. The rounded disc slices through the neckline on the tiny baby skeleton which is only empty space that separates the skull from the upper body on the dead baby skeleton.
“Geez!” Mushi gasps with a sour frown. “I missed completely the drifting dead body on that baby skeleton.”
Throne continues to stand in place and flings both of his naked arms in the air toward the ancient fence. A set of cloth bracelets flies off each naked wrist bone and then enters the cemetery morphing into an individual superhero knife, destroying the drifting dead body in a plume of colorful fire. He frowns. “Ya gotta be careful here, Mushi. This super villain is a real genius. She or he or it has magical separated the section on the human skeleton into three portions. When my superhero knife misses the bone, it hits empty air. Then my knife falls down into the grass and dies in colorful smoke of death. Or my knife continues to sail through the air and then hits a different drifting dead body. Either way, I’m fighting the enemy.”
“Yeah! Thanks for the superhero tip!” Mushi nods with a stern face at the fence and reaches down, pulling off another single finger ring with a yellow stone and brass metal. She has not trained to become a superhero girl. And she is fearful of wasting all of her superhero weapons on the death of dirt. She rears back with a stern face and then flings her arm forward with better aim. The ring sails through the empty space on the fence and then morphs into a yellow tinted disc with a twinkling set of sharp blades. Her superhero disc neatly hits and then slices with a loud swish at one of the blue tinted lungs on the drifting male skeleton. The upper torso on the male skeleton separates into two parts and then the entire skeleton explodes with a loud pop into a ball of gray and blue colors.
She jumps up and down in excitement with her first superhero feat and then halts, looking down with a grin to see each ring. However, flinging off each ring will take too much time.
Throne has a good steady system of flinging one of his arms or legs and as a set of bracelets fly off each one of his naked body parts through the air and then morphs into his superhero knife, and finally destroys the enemy.
Mushi can imitate that fancy foot and hand dance also. She crosses her arms in front of her chest, exposing her two naked hands. This crisscross pose should allow her to fling out an individual finger ring with great rate of speed without damaging the ring or injuring her skin. She inhales with determination and then exhales with all of her worries. She snaps her fingers with happiness to participate in the superhero chore.
A new musical song entitled Havana starts to sing out loud: Hey /Havana, ohh, na, na, (ayy)/ Half of my heart is in Havana, ohh, na, na, (ayy, ayy)/ He took me back to East Atlanta, na, na, an, ah/ Oh, but my heart is in Havana, (ayy) / Oh, but my heart is in Havana (ayy)/ There’s something about his manners (uh huh)/ Havana, ooh, na, na (uh)…
Note: The true musical song entitled Havana had been performed in the year 2017 by Camila Cabello featuring Pharrell Williams.
She flings her dominated right index finger first with the ring through the air and then flings her left index finger with the ring in the air. The first ring sails through the space and then morphs into a rounded disc of green hue.
The second ring swiftly follows behind the first green gem stone ring by two seconds, then enters the cemetery space, and finally morphs into a rounded disc in solid pink hue. Each rounded disc hits and slices through the upper torso on two individual upright female skeletons with a loud swish, separating the body part into two sections on each drifting dead body. Then the entire skeleton explodes with a loud pop into a ball of pretty colors. Mushi bounces up and down with excitement at her new superhero idea and then halts in place with a smile, starting to fling a steady stream of finger rings from each hand at each drifting dead body.
“You picked up that superhero flinging action really fast, Mushi!” Nightjar turns and smiles at her nose profile, continuing to fling a handful of mini-key chains into the cemetery, destroying numerous drifting dead bodies at a time.
Mushi continues to fling each hand with a different finger ring through the air in a steady pace without turning to see Nightjar and as the rounded disc destroys an individual drifting dead body. “Thanks! I had each one of you to watch, learn, and follow. I’m trying to diminish my novice training period down to done as a new superhero girl now.”
The musical song entitled Kiss My Country Ass continues to sing out loud: Tearing down a dirt road/ Rebel flag flying/ Coon dog in the back/ Trunk bed loaded down with beer/ And a cold one in my lap/ Earnhardt sticker behind my head/ And my woman by my side / Tail pipe’s popping/ The radio’s rocking ‘Country Boy Can Survive’/ If you got a problem with that, ha, ha/ You can kiss my country ass…
Nightjar nods with a smile at the nose profile on Caim. “You’re doing a fantastic job for a newbie superhero teen.”
Mushi continues to stare ahead and streams each bracelet through the air at a dead body with a stern face. “Thanks, again, Nightjar!” She continues to destroy and then burn into fire each drifting dead body inside the cemetery with puzzlement. “Why is the pair of eyeballs glowing in pink hue inside the drifting skeleton skull?”
A new musical song entitled Country Song starts to sing out loud: Say what you want, but you’re not gunna win this time/ Take what you want, but just leave me alive/ Say what you want, but you’re not gunna win this time/ Take what you want, but just leave me alive…
“Don’t know, just kill it!” Throne lands down on the pavement and reaches over with a laugh, flinging off a black tinted cloth bracelet from the naked wrist bone. The bracelet flies through the air and lands down into the cemetery, morphing into his superhero black tinted knife.
The knife hits and then sticks into the lower body on a drifting skeleton female. The dead body explodes into a flame of colorful red and brown hue.
He points at the burning plume with a smile. “Did you see that? I have a set of cloth bracelets that I wear around my twin wrist bones and my ankle bones. I rip off one of the cloth bracelets and then it turns into my superhero knife with a sharp tip. My superhero aim is always true and hits one of the drifting skeleton bodies at one of the three separate floating body sections. Then the drifting skeleton fries into both colorful smoke and flames. So, you only need to hit one of the separated body parts. Then the entire scary floating skeleton bones disintegrate into nothingness.”
A new musical song entitled Havana continues to sing out loud: Hey /Havana, ohh, na, na, (ayy)/ Half of my heart is in Havana, ohh, na, na, (ayy, ayy)/ He took me back to East Atlanta, na, na, an, ah/ Oh, but my heart is in Havana, (ayy) / Oh, but my heart is in Havana (ayy)/ There’s something about his manners (uh huh)/ Havana, ooh, na, na (uh)…
Mushi continues to stand and stream her array of twirling rings that individually morph into an individual rounded disc of color through the air. Each rounded disc hits and then destroys each drifting dead body. “Why does the upper torso on each drifting skeleton show a red tinted heart organ and a pair of blue tinted lungs? Each human organ on a dead body swiftly disintegrates over time. The presentation of a colorful human organ shouldn’t be there.”
“Don’t know, just kill it!” Throne stands in place and reaches over with a laugh, flinging off a dark blue tinted cloth bracelet from the naked wrist bone. The bracelet flies through the air and lands down into the cemetery, morphing into his superhero dark blue tinted knife.
The knife hits and then sticks into the lower body on a drifting skeleton male. The dead body explodes into a flame of colorful maroon and purple hue.
Caim stands in place and whips her superhero orange tinted lasso through the air, destroying another set of drifting bag of bones. “The appearance of a pretty colored human organ inside the dead body truly points to the ‘someone’ or the ‘something’ or the ‘some creature’ that is manipulating each drifting dead body out from the resting grave.”
“Don’t know, just kill it!” Throne stands in place and reaches over with a smile flinging off a red tinted cloth bracelet from the naked wrist bone. The bracelet flies through the air and lands down into the cemetery, morphing into his superhero red tinted knife. The knife hits and then sticks into the upper body on a drifting child skeleton. The dead body explodes into a flame of colorful pink and white flames.
Mushi continues to fling each jewelry ring off her naked hand, through the fence posts, morphs into a disc inside the cemetery, and finally destroys each drifting dead body. “Are we really allowed to destroy the true bones on a dead human body?”
A new musical song entitled Country Song starts to sing out loud: (Hey) I keep on thinking that it’s/ (Hey) All done and all over now/ You keep on thinking you can save me, save me/ (Hey) My ship is sinking but it’s/ (Hey) All good and I can’t go down/ Still you believe that we can start it all over/ Lay down/ Just stay down/ Lay down, because the party’s all over/ Lay down/ Just stay down/ Lay down, because I’m trying to get through…
“Don’t know, just kill it!” Throne stands in place and reaches over with a stern face flinging off an orange tinted cloth bracelet from the naked wrist bone. The bracelet flies through the air and lands down into the cemetery, morphing into his superhero orange tinted knife. The knife hits and then sticks into the upper body on a drifting male skeleton. The dead body explodes into a flame of colorful aqua and green flames.
The musical song entitled Kiss My Country Ass continues to sing out loud: Well, I love turkey calls, overalls, Wrangler jeans/ Smoke nothing, but Marlboro reds/ Tattoos up and down my arms/ And deer heads over my bed/ My granddaddy fought in World War Two/ My daddy went to Vietnam/ And I aren’t scared to grab my gun/ And fight for my homeland/ If you don’t love the American flag/ You can kiss my country ass…
Nightjar stands in place and continues to toss two handfuls of mini-key chains into the cemetery, destroying rows of numerous drifting dead bodies. “Yes, the bones are not alive but being manipulated by the ‘someone’ or the ‘something’ or the ‘some creature.’ Once we finally find and then defeat the ‘someone’ or the ‘something’ or the ‘some creature’ everything will return back into normal, like this Saturday morning.”
A new musical song entitled Country Song starts to sing out loud: Well, I can’t stand to look at you, now/ This revelation’s out of my hands/ Still, I can’t bear the thought of you, now/ This complication’s leaving me scared/ Stay, when you think you want me/ Pray, when you need advice/ Hey, keep your sickness off me/ Trying to get through/ Blame all your weakness on me/ Shame, that I’m so contrite/ Hey, keep your fingers off me/ Why can’t I get through…
“Don’t know, just kill it!” Throne stands in place and reaches over with a stern face flinging off a yellow tinted cloth bracelet from the naked wrist bone. The bracelet flies through the air and lands down into the cemetery, morphing into his superhero yellow tinted knife. The knife hits and then sticks into the upper body on a drifting female skeleton. The dead body explodes into a flame of colorful gray and lavender flames.
The musical song entitled Havana continues to sing out loud: He didn’t walk up with that “how you doing?”/ (Uh)/ When he came into the room/ He said there’s a lot of girls I can do with (uh)/ But I can't without you/ I knew him forever in a minute (hey)/ That summer night in June/ And papa says he got malo in him (uh) / He got me feeling like...
Mushi looks down and touches the row of twinkling finger rings on each naked hand with a puzzled brow. “Then, what’s the point of killing or destroying the dead body that floats in the air?”
“Don’t know, just kill it!” Throne continues to stand in place and reaches over with a stern face flinging off a pink tinted cloth bracelet from the naked wrist bone. The bracelet flies through the air and lands down into the cemetery, morphing into his superhero pink tinted knife. The knife hits and then sticks into the upper body on a drifting female skeleton. The dead body explodes into a flame of colorful gray and lavender flames.
The musical song entitled Havana continues to sing out loud: Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh (ayy)/ I knew it when I met him (ayy)/ I loved him when I left him/ Got me feeling like, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh/ And then I had to tell him, I had to go/ Oh na, na-na-na-na (woo)…
Mushi continues to stand in place and stares down at each finger ring. “Why does it seem like my set of bracelets on each wrist bone has increased in number? I usually don’t wear this many pieces of jewelry around my twin wrist bones?”
A new musical song entitled Country Song starts to sing out loud: You think you have the best of intentions/ I cannot shake the taste of blood in my mouth/ (Hey) I keep on thinking that it’s/ (Hey) All done and all over now/ You keep on thinking you can save me, save me/ (Hey) My ship is sinking but it’s/ (Hey) All good and I can’t go down/ You got me thinking that the party’s all over…
“Don’t know, just kill it!” Throne continues to stand in place and reaches over with a stern face flinging off a silver tinted cloth bracelet from the naked wrist bone. The bracelet flies through the air and lands down into the cemetery, morphing into his superhero silver tinted knife. The knife hits and then sticks into the lower body on a drifting teen skeleton. The dead body explodes into a flame of colorful red and black flames.
Nightjar continues to stand in place and reaches down, grabbing a handful of mini-key chain from the interior of the mini-backpack, lifting up both cupped palms with the objects. “That is correct, Mushi. A body can wear only some many objects. Else, a human would get suspicious of the superhero person. So, as you deplete each superhero bracelet weapon that came from your superhero parents, a new superhero bracelet will appear and then replace the one that has been used.”
“Don’t know, just kill it!” Throne continues to stand in place and reaches over with a stern face flinging off a light blue tinted cloth bracelet from the naked wrist bone. The bracelet flies through the air and lands down into the cemetery, morphing into his superhero light blue tinted knife. The knife hits and then sticks with a loud thud into one of the pink tinted eyeball on a drifting female skeleton. Then the dead body explodes into a flame of colorful peach and yellow flames.
The musical song entitled Havana continues to sing out loud: Havana, ohh, na, na, (ayy)/ Half of my heart is in Havana, ohh, na, na, (ayy, ayy)/ He took me back to East Atlanta, na, na, na, (uh huh)/ Oh, but my heart is in Havana, (ayy) / My heart is in Havana (ayy)/ Havana, ooh, na, na…
Mushi continues to stand in place and rubs each superhero weapon while tickling her naked skin with a slight grin, “What happens if the one of the floating magical bones touch me?”
“Don’t know, just kill it!” Throne continues to stand in place and reaches over with a stern face flinging off a coral tinted cloth bracelet from the naked wrist bone. The bracelet flies through the air and lands down into the cemetery, morphing into his superhero coral tinted knife. The knife hits and then sticks with a loud thud into one of the boney legs on the on a drifting female skeleton. Then the dead body explodes into a flame of colorful teal and tan flames.
“You die.” Nightjar continues to stand in place and reaches up, grabbing a handful of mini-key chains in each cupped hand, flinging both hands through the air. Each mini-key chain morphs into a superhero mini-bomb, slamming simultaneously into numerous drifting dead bodies, creating a series of loud pops and pretty flames of fire.
“Okay! Just kill it!” Throne continues to stand in place and reaches over with a stern face flinging off an aqua tinted cloth bracelet from the naked wrist bone. The bracelet flies through the air and lands down into the cemetery, morphing into his superhero aqua tinted knife. The knife hits and then sticks with loud thud into the blue tinted lung on a drifting child skeleton. Then the dead body explodes into a flame of colorful orange and black flames.
The musical song entitled Wolves continues to sing out loud: I’ve been down the darkest alleys/ Saw the dark side of the moon/ To get to you, to get to you/ I’ve looked for love in every stranger/ Took too much to ease the anger/ All for you, yeah, all for you/ I’ve been running through the jungle/ I’ve been crying with the wolves/ To get to you, to get to you, to get to you/ To get to you/ To get to you…
“O dear!” Caim continues to stand in place and whips her orange tinted superhero lasso into the upper chest on the dead child. The bones of the child explode into the colors of silver and orange flames.
Mushi continues to stand in front of the gated cemetery with a frown at the last exploding dead skeleton and then halts the flinging session. “This is all childish work. We are a team of superheroes. We should work smarter, not harder.”
Caim continues to stand in place and whips her superhero yellow tinted lasso which is made from satiny ribbon above her hair roots and around the air, flinging the tip at one of the wet and green shoes on the next drifting dead skeleton bones. The dead skeleton bones explode into a flame of green and orange colored fire.
“We work faster and then we finish killing each dead body,” Throne continues to stand in front the same gated cemetery and works his superhero power with an evil laugh. “That didn’t sound right.”
The musical song entitled Havana continues to sing out loud: Jeffery, just graduated, fresh on campus, mmm/ Fresh out East Atlanta with no manners, damn (fresh out East Atlanta)/ Bump on her bumper like a traffic jam/ Hey, I was quick to pay that girl like Uncle Sam (here you go, ayy)/ Back it on me / Shawty craving on me, get to eating on me (on me)/ She waited on me (then what?)/ Shawty caking on me, got the bacon on me (wait up)/ This is history in the making on me (on me)/ Point blank, close range that B/ If it cost a million, that’s me (that’s me)/ I was getting mula, baby…
“This is not right!” Mushi continues to stand in place and wears a frown, without killing a dead body. “We’ll be standing right here in the same stationary place all night doing the same old thing. You said that we can’t work during the nighttime hours in the dark. It is against the law or the rule or the superhero regulation inside the superhero handbook. What happens when it turns nighttime?”
Throne watches the dead body with a laugh. “It turns dark.”
Mushi stares through the fence gates at each drifting skeleton skull, “No, silly boy! We can’t work with our superhero powers at nighttime. So, this entire mess of floating skeleton parts must be a new superhero exercise like is a superhero practice test. It is only a test run of our superhero powers.”
Throne frowns. “No, my parents called and warned me into superhero action. If it was a superhero test, then my pair of superhero parents would be here to see and observe. They are busy working on the other side of the planet.”
Nightjar continues to stand in front of the cemetery fence and tosses a handful of tiny mini-key chains in the air and hits an array of numerous drifting dead bodies, producing a series of pretty plume flames in various colors. He frowns. “This is very real event. This is not a game or a test or an exercise event with our superhero talents.”
Mushi continues to stand in place and wears a sour frown, without killing a drifting dead body, staring into the cemetery. “What do the dead bodies want?”
Nightjar continues to stand in front of the same gated cemetery tosses three mini-key chains from the mini-backpack, frying three different drifting skeleton bones. “The dead body is the tool. The ‘someone’ or the ‘something’ or the ‘some creature’ wants to find the vortex spot.”
Mushi continues to stand and stare at each drifting skeleton body. “Where is the vortex spot?”
Caim continues to stand and whips her red tinted superhero lasso back through the space in the fence, then performs a circle around the two wet leather shoes on the floating skeleton. The lasso fizzles into darkness and then disintegrates into tiny bits of burned fabric satin. She frowns at the dead lasso in her cupped hand and then looks up to see the drifting dead body that comes closer to the ancient fence. “I don’t know the location of the vortex spot either.” She reaches down and jerks off a new satin ribbon in dark maroon from each belt loop on her pair of skinny blue jeans. The ribbon bursts into a sizzling sound and glows in dark maroon while creating a new superhero lasso whip as her superhero weapon. She whips the lasso through the space between the fence posts and then smashes the face on the drifting female skeleton bones.
A new musical song entitled Country Song starts to sing out loud: Well, I can’t stand to be with myself /This liberation’s seemingly rare/ And I can’t stand the taste of your mouth/ This sublimation’s outta of my hands/ You stay ‘cause you think you want me/ Pray, when you need advice/ Hey, keep your sickness off me/ I’m trying to get through/ Shame you could take this from me/ Bane on an empty mind/ Hey, keep your fingers off me/ Why can’t I get through…
“Don’t know, just kill it!” Throne continues to stand in place and reaches over with a stern face flinging off a lavender tinted cloth bracelet from the naked wrist bone. The bracelet flies through the air and lands down into the cemetery, morphing into his superhero lavender tinted knife. The knife hits and then sticks with a loud thud into one of the pink tinted eyeball on a drifting male skeleton. Then the dead body explodes into a flame of colorful peach and yellow flames.
The musical song entitled Kiss My Country Ass continues to sing out loud: If you’re a down home, backwoods redneck/ Hey come on, stand up and raise your glass/ But if you aren’t down with my outlaw crowd/ You can kiss my country ass. Aw yeah/ Aw yeah…
Nightjar wears the mini-backpack on his chest, reaching down, jerking off a mini-key chain into each cupped hand and then tosses each bomb at one drifting dead body. “My parents didn’t tell me, either, Mushi. I did not ask and was not told. But I was told this. The vortex spot can only be opened by a non-living entity like a drifting body of skeleton bones, not a live person or mammal or animal or insect or tree branch or flower stem. The vortex spot cannot be opened by a superhero or a super villain, only something that is not real like this drifting bag of bone over there,” he watches the dead body explodes into a flame of pink and purple fire with a laugh and a nod. “This is where and how all the silly entertainment Hollywood movies and television programs get it wrong. If a real live thing could open a portal or a hole or a vortex on the planet, then a flying squirrel landing on top of the secret hidden vortex spot could open the hold while trying to capture the fallen acorn. Then all the bad super villains would come here and conquer the planet, making all the human life forms their personal slave or delicious meal,” laughing.
The musical song entitled Havana continues to sing out loud: Havana, ohh, na, na, (ayy)/ Half of my heart is in Havana, ohh, na, na, (ayy, ayy)/ He took me back to East Atlanta, na, na, na, (uh huh)/ Oh, but my heart is in Havana, (ayy) / My heart is in Havana (ayy)/ Havana, ooh, na, na…
Mushi continues to stand in place and stare at each drifting dead body inside the cemetery without killing it with her superhero weapon. She touches and rattles each finger ring with puzzlement. “So, we are to destroy all the non-living entity thingies that are trying to drift towards the vortex spot. But if you or I or your parents didn’t know the location of the vortex spot, how does the super villain know the spot?”
“Don’t know, just kill it!” Throne continues to stand in place and reaches over with a stern face flinging off a red tinted cloth bracelet from the naked wrist bone. The bracelet flies through the air and lands down into the cemetery, morphing into his superhero red tinted knife. The knife hits and then sticks with a loud thud into one of the pink tinted eyeball on a drifting female skeleton. Then the dead body explodes into a flame of colorful peach and yellow flames.
“I just told you, Mushi. The super villain knows the vortex spot, because the vortex spot houses their trapped and encased super villain friends from eons and eons ago. Eons and eons ago, our great-great-great-great-and greater pair of grandparents fought with the ancient super villains and then won, caging them into the vortex spot.”
Mushi continues to stand and stare at each drifting dead body in the air waves. “Is this the only vortex spot?”
Nightjar continues to stand in place and kill each drifting set of human and sometimes wild animal bones that had died near the deceased human years ago. “No, there are four of them that represent the four corners on the planet. The four corners are named north, south, east, and west.”
The musical song entitled Havana continues to sing out loud: Ooh, na, na, oh, na, na, na (oo, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh/ Take me back, back, back like/ Ooh, na, na, oh, na, na, na (yeah, babe)/ Take me back, back, back like/ Ooh, na, na, oh, na, na, na (yeah, babe)/ Take me back, back, back/ Hey, hey/ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh (hey)/ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh (hey) Take me back to my Havana…
Mushi continues to stand and stares at each drifting dead body in the air without assisting with her part of her superhero job. “What happens if one bag of floating bones finds and reaches the hidden vortex spot first before us?”
Nightjar continues to fling a mini-key chain off the mini-backpack and then tosses three of them at a family of drifting skeleton bones, a man, a female, and a small child. He sneers. “Once the vortex spot is broken, then all the entrapped super villain friends can be released and will invade our world. This is our job to keep the vortex spot both hidden and enclosed.”
Caim continues to stand and flings her superhero lasso at three drifting skeleton skulls in a row. Each skull explodes with a loud pop and then creates a vertical plume of colorful flames. She smiles, “All right!” Caim turns and frowns at the lush forest and then the neat ground. “O! Okay!”
The musical song entitled Country Song continues to sing out loud: (Hey) I keep on thinking that it’s/ (Hey) All done and all over now/ You keep on thinking you can save me, save me/ (Hey) My ship is sinking but it’s/ (Hey) All good and I can’t go down/ You got me thinking that the party’s all over/ Lay down/ Just stay down/ Lay down because I’m trying to get through…
“Get it! Then, just kill it!” Throne continues to stand in place and reaches over with a stern face flinging off a light blue tinted cloth bracelet from the naked wrist bone. The bracelet flies through the air and lands down into the cemetery, morphing into his superhero light blue tinted knife. The knife hits and then sticks with a loud thud into one of the pink tinted eyeball on a drifting female skeleton. Then the dead body explodes into a flame of colorful peach and yellow flames.
The musical song entitled Kiss My Country Ass continues to sing out loud: Well, there’s a whole lot of high-class people out there/ That’s looking down on me/ ‘Cause the country club, where I belong/ Is the Honky Tonk till three in the morning/ Don’t wear no fancy clothes/ No ties or three piece suits/ You can find me in my camouflage cap/ My T-shirt and cowboy boots/ If that don’t fit your social class/ You can kiss my country ass…
Nightjar continues to stand and tosses another mini-key chain at the drifting dead body. The body explodes in the air wave. He laughs. “Hark!” He turns and smiles at the nose profile on Caim. “Don’t you hear it?”
A new musical song entitled Country Song starts to sing out loud: (Hey) I keep on thinking that it’s/ (Hey) All done and all over now/ You keep on thinking you can save me, save me/ (Hey) My ship is sinking but it’s/ (Hey) All good and I can’t go down/ You got me thinking that the party’s all over/ Lay down/ Just stay down/ Lay down because I’m trying to get through…
Throne flings out a purple tinted cloth bracelet from his naked wrist bone that morphs into a purple tinted long superhero knife, hitting the breast on the drifting female dead body. The body fries in black and white colors. “No.”
The musical song entitled Wolves continues to sing out loud: I’ve been down the darkest alleys/ Saw the dark side of the moon/ To get to you, to get to you/ I’ve looked for love in every stranger/ Took too much to ease the anger/ All for you, yeah, all for you/ I’ve been running through the jungle/ I’ve been crying with the wolves/ To get to you, to get to you, to get to you/ To get to you/ To get to you…
“No.” Caim continues to stand and discharges her superhero lasso at the next drifting dead body of a male, wrapping the lasso around the pink tinted eyeballs. The drifting skeleton skull bone on the dead male sounds with a sizzles and then explodes in an array of yellow and blue colors. She turns and frowns at her guy Nightjar.
Nightjar turns and laughs at Caim. “Mushi, she ran outta of nosy superhero questions,” he returns back and grabs two mini-key chains from the mini-backpack, tossing over the high fence, hitting two drifting dead bodies. Each dead body explodes in an array of pretty colors.
The musical song entitled Havana continues to sing out loud: Havana, ohh, na, na, (ayy)/ Half of my heart is in Havana, ohh, na, na, (ayy, ayy)/ He took me back to East Atlanta, na, na, na, (uh huh)/ Oh, but my heart is in Havana, (ayy) / My heart is in Havana (ayy)/ Havana, ooh, na, na…
Mushi continues to stand in place turns with a stern face studying the foothill on the Appalachian mountain range, whispering for her eardrums only. “The foothill is a funny name for a short mountain, not really a hilltop. The Appalachian Mountain Range is an ancient girl, who is over 300 million years of age. Wow! That’s ancient.”
A bracket of short brown tinted mountains starts at the northern end within a Canadian village in the country of Newfoundland traveling south and then ends right here at the foot in the cow town of Carmite. The literal pinky toe on the Appalachian Mountain range is the highest peak mountain top in Shelby County within the US State of Alabama. The other geographical landscapes traveling southward within Shelby County are flat like a pancake that produces row of white cotton balls and herds of grazing cows.
Her eyeballs continue to scan the forever white tined clouds, pale blue skyline, and rich green and brown and golden colored woodlands landscape which is made by Mother Nature, not humans or non-humans.
On top of the hard pavement in front of a cemetery that is filled with individual floating dead bodies, Mushi is a newly self-discovered superhero teen with a pair of superhero eyeballs seeing for the first time each tiny movement that occurs high in the trees or low down on the ground, coming from beavers, rabbits, chipmunks, squirrels, foxes, raccoons, opossums, skunks, minks, hawks, wood peckers, wrens, frogs, turtles, hognose snakes, copperheads.
Geographically, each fresh water stream within Shelby County drains down into the Cahaba River which flows along the northern edge of the landscape and then further down into a southwestern direction.
The Coosa River poses on the eastern portion within Shelby County flowing down southwestern also.
Then two land rivers mix and flow down into the major waterway compartment within the Alabama River and then all the combined fresh water heads further south, moving down into the salty warm waters of Gulf of Mexico.
The cow town of Carmite is barely a satellite blimp on the weather radar which poses for beauty between the fresh water Lake Logan Martin Dam and the fresh water Lay Lake Dam, where the fresh water flows on the side and drains down into the Coosa River.
Carmite is sweet population of 3,000 people. The flat level topography is stable landscape for rows of houses that is surrounded by steeping slopes that crash down into the river basin. The flat fertile land provides food crops of corn and soybeans that feed the numerous herds of grazing cows, the prime income for any human family unit.
The colored soils of the Coosa River are weathered from pure limestone and red clay soils with silt loam surface layers.
Her eyeballs slowly travel over the flat landscape that consists of scattered rows of brick houses, miles of flat grassy pasture, and thousands of brown and white grazing cows that are impervious toward the raging superhero battle. Her pair of eyeballs halts at the construction site, where the local business company repairs roads, mends fence posts, and paves driveway residential houses.
Each person from a small town sometimes wears many hats making a living on planet Earth.
Caim gasps in alarm and then returns back to see the cemetery without still assisting with her superhero power and destroying each drifting dead body that floats toward the ancient fence and each teen superhero. She continues to stand in place and nods with a smile. “Yeah, baby!” she lifts both arms into the air over her black tinted hair roots and wiggles all ten of her fingers with a slight giggle of brilliant.
Nothing has.
Then she snaps her fingers with a giggle.
A new musical song entitled Musta Had a Good Time starts to sing out loud: Hey, ya’ll/ is that my dog up on the roof/ And, good God, why’s my car in the pool/ All I remember was a phone call, now the party’s on/ Somebody knocking at my door/ And I don’t know what the hell went on round here last night/ Now I’m picking up beer cans, what a mess/ Oh, man, who’s that passed out in the yard/ All that’s left in the fire pit’s one of my lawn chairs/ And a piece of siding off my barn/ Somebody doing donuts musta hit the mailbox/ Cause it’s laying out there in the road/ There’s a flood in the bathroom/ A hog in the kitchen, a dude on my couch with a bloody nose/ And I don’t know what the hell went on round here last night/ But we musta had a good time…
Note: The true musical song entitled Musta Had a Good Time had been performed by American country band Parmalee in the year 2013.
Inside the land property of the construction company, the ground is covered with various large pile of natural earth elements, such like, small colorful peddles, large colorful rocks, white tinted beach sand grains, medium-sized brown tinted tree stumps, dried dead brown tinted leaves, black tinted pine cones, and red tinted dirt. Each individual large pile is used to create a man-made object, such like, a driveway or a section of the roadway.
However, superhero teen Mushi has a new idea that the construction manager would never do.
The large flat pile contains smooth red tinted dirt without a single rock and starts to wiggle side to side like magic.
Mushi continues to stand in front of the cemetery and wiggles all ten fingers and as her mind thinks: dirt.
The dirt slowly rumbles in silence and then the entire pile of red tinted dirt lifts up from the ground. The dirt had come from another part of the ground and then dumped onto the solid grass plain. So, superhero Mushi can use her superhero powers to lift the dirt from the ground and hover it in the air without cutting down into the natural soil.
The pile of dirt slowly rises above the ground and moves away from each tall piece of man-made equipment, slowly soaring through the air towards her back spine. Then the dirt pile slowly sails over the street pavement without dropping one tiny ounce of dirt crumbs over the vanilla tinted roadway. The dirt pile slowly flies over the hair roots on each superhero while blocking out the bright sunlight, turning the skyline temporally midnight black hue.
On the superhero row in front of the ancient rusty iron made fence that surrounds the town cemetery with the semi-crooked rows of drifting dead bodies, the other three superheroes halt their fighting motion and then look up with a gasp seeing the floating pile of red tinted dirt, dropping open a mouth in awe.
The pile of red tinted dirt slowly guides over the hair roots on each superhero and the tall treetops on the line of ancient trees that hug the ancient fence and as the sunlight reappears, shining brightly down on the hair roots of each superhero again.
Mushi starts to sweat from both nervousness and excitement with her new idea and her superhero talent.
The pile of dirt slowly clears each treetop and continues to travel over each row of tombstones and then halts, hovering in the middle empty air space inside the enclosed cemetery grounds.
Mushi exhales with excitement and then wiggles all of her ten finger pads at eh pile of red tinted dirt.
The pile of dirt slowly moves downward inside the cemetery property and as the bottom layer on the dirt pile collides down onto numerous skeleton skulls. However, the skeleton skull does not explode into an array of colorful plume of fire, but the entire skeleton swiftly breaks apart, dropping down bone fragments, landing each bone fragment back down inside the open coffin or on top of the manicured grass or inside a low-lying plant bush or flower plant. Then, the pile of red tinted dirt slowly and then completely covers each square inch of cemetery property, producing a flat landscape of solid red tinted dirt.
All the individual superhero anthems stop playing the musical notes and the musical words.
Silence fills the air.
Mushi continues to stand in place and wipes off a sweaty face with both hands while smiling at her bold and bright idea.
Nightjar continues to stand in place in front of the cemetery that is surrounded by an ancient fence post and gasps in shock, staring down at the thick pile of red tinted dirt which covers the entire plane on the cemetery. “Who did that?”
“I did.” Mushi giggles at her new superhero work with her new superhero talent, dropping both arms down, slapping the pretend dirt off her set of clean, naked hands, staring at the thick pile of red dirt. The pile of red dirt has nicely covered every inch inside the cemetery property and fallen on top of each drifting dead body also. So, each drifting dead body has been slammed back down onto the manicured grass and will now have to slowly re-dig their way through the thick pile of fresh dirt, exiting into the fresh air of a heated and sunny day in Carmite, Alabama.
In front of the gated cemetery, Throne continues to stand in place with a silly expression and stares at the thick pile of red tinted dirt that covers the entire parameter in the cemetery, including the nasty rows of drifting dead bodies. “What did you do, Mushi?”
The musical song Wolves stops playing the musical notes and words.
Caim continues to stand in place and stares with a puzzled brow at the thick pile of red tinted dirt that covers each grave, each tombstone, and each drifting dead body of dull skeleton bones. “How did you do that, Mushi?”
Mushi continues to stand in place with a smile, tossing upright both of her arms in the air above her hair roots with a giggle and as the numerous colored gemstone jiggle on her individual finger. She wiggles her fingers without using her superpower talent, staring at the flat almost perfect pile of red tinted dirt on top of each grave and each drifting dead body. “I reached backwards over my hair roots, like this, with both of my arms and then I wiggled all of my ten fingers, like this. I think of the pile of dirt on the ground at the construction site. Then, the loose pile of red dirt on top of the hard soil just slowly lifted up all at once into the air. Then I tossed all of my ten wiggling fingers down toward the ground and pointed there into the arena of the town’s cemetery, where I wanted the dirt to go. Then the flat pile of red dirt soared through the air wave, over the street, over my hair roots and then it just dropped down and covered everything inside the cemetery including each open grave, each tombstone, and each one of these scary drifting dead bodies. Is that wrong?”
“No! That’s ingenious, Caim!” Throne continues to stand and stare at the pile of red dirt on top of the cemetery with a nod and a chuckle.
Nightjar continues to stand and stares at the pile of dirt, exhaling with annoyance. “Why did you do that, Mushi?”
Mushi turns and winks at Nightjar. “We can’t stand here in the bright sunlight and destroy each floating dead body. This cemetery is the only graveyard here in the town of Carmite. There are literally thousands and thousands of dead bodies located here, since the conception of the small town in the year 1817. We’re wasting our superhero time here. We need to find and locate and then defeat the super villain that is manipulating each drifting dead body right now. Is that not our superhero job first?”
Throne nods with a smile, “Yeah, it is! Great thinking, Mushi! Great job, too, girl!”
Caim turns and smiles at Mushi also. “You go, girl! That was a brilliant idea, Mushi. The ugly drifting dead bodies are contained. Thank you and your smart brain and your superhero powers very much.”
“You’re very welcome. Let’s go, ya’ll!” Mushi spins around first with a stern face and strolls away from the cemetery, where a thick plot of red dirt is holding each drifting dead body down onto the ground for a short period of time. “That fresh plot of dirt will give us more superhero time to find and defeat the super villain. It won’t take each drifting dead body of dull skeleton bones to dig through the smooth pile of dirt. That dirt does not contain rocks or pebbles, only bugs and fleas.” She swiftly dashes down the single street of gray pavement, without a moving vehicle or a horse, turning to survey the rows of houses. “How do we find a super villain?”
Caim spins around next with a smile and places the sizzling lasso back around her waistline, skipping around the ground, jerking off the inflamed lasso. “It shouldn’t be hard. Ouch! That hurt! Okay! My superhero lasso cannot morph back into a soft and silky ribbon that fits back onto my belt loops. What a shame! I can’t tote this sizzling thing around town in my hand,” she drops the sizzling red tinted lasso onto the street pavement and as her superhero weapon turns back into a burnt piece of fabric.
Nightjar spins around with a stern face and moves beside his girl Caim, “All right! We’ve finished off the cemetery of dead floating bodies. Caim and her brilliant plan have given us more superhero time,” he laughs. “Excuse, use, and abuse the pun! Now, we have freed up our talents to find the super villain. Now, we need to swiftly finish sealing a protection ray around each human house. We split up into individuals. Caim, you and Mushi dash ahead and zap each house ahead of me and Throne. Throne, me and you will finish up the middle of the town and the row of office building while sealing any occupants inside for safety.”
Each teen races to protect the town.
After wrapping a superhero colorful shield around each residential house and every business structure that hold an array of Carmite citizens, a few minutes later, the row of superhero teens meet and then march down the single pavement.
Mushi exhales with confusion and slaps each hand while dusting off the pretend superhero dust with a smile. “Why are we moving down this way? There’s nothing down here but dirt and weeds and grass and flat land. It is the end of the township with unplowed dirt readying for more growth of houses and families.”
Throne turns and frowns at the new landscape in silence marching down the smooth pavement with the others.
“I don’t know. I have feeling that we need to come down here.” Nightjar turns and frowns at the new landscape also.
In the distance, the ground starts to rumble and violently shake. The clouds turn black hue. The air turns freezing cold.
Caim tosses both arms into the air with worry and scans the ground and the clouds. “Okay, new problem! This is really weird down here at the end of the smooth pavement. I feel the land ruffle up and then rip open without exposing a new skeleton skull. I don’t completely understand this new phenomenon. I thought the pile of red dirt would seal inside each drifting dead body there in the cemetery.”
Throne points ahead at the unplowed dirt with a nod. “This is not one of the cemetery dead bodies. This is something completely different. You’re correct, Caim. The thick pile of red dirt has entrapped and then sealed inside each dead body within the old cemetery property.”
Caim turns and scans with a frown the flat landscape and the black clouds. “So, what is this new thing?”
The set of rolling black clouds parts open and then emits several rays yellow light. The naked feet of a woman slowly descend down from the black clouds, glowing in color. The row of superheroes halt and as each one gasps in shock.
Throne laughs. “Who is she?”
Mushi frowns. “How can you tell that’s a female based on her naked feet, Throne?”
The body of a female slowly appears below the black tinted clouds and as a loud female voice announces through the empty air underneath the bright sun rays. “I am the Goddess of Life! Life, come forth and arise for me!” She stands in place in the middle of a meadow of pretty wildflowers in front of the interstate highway, wearing a pink tinted plantation ball gown that displays her pink-tinted naked collar bone.
Throne smiles, “This is my favorite hologram game. I usually make it this far and then…”
“Should her statement not say: Life, come forth and arise! I don’t think she used the proper tense.” Mushi turns and frowns at the new super villainess.
“I’m tense.” Throne stares at tall and ugly female villainess. “Okay! I’m not freaked out, but I’m fearful, a little bit.”
Mushi turns and frowns at the nose profile on Throne. “I thought you were prepared for this supernatural first time event.”
“I thought my pair of superhero parents would be here, so I could be prepared for this first time ever supernatural and super villain event.”
Nightjar slaps his chest with a smile. “My pair of superhero parents is not here with me. I’m here. This is my superhero teen job.”
Caim frowns. “My teenly job, do my homework and also finish my science project before the end of the semester. I’m not here to become a superhero. Maybe, that’s why my pair of superhero parents didn’t bother to tell me the superhero secret.”
Throne nods with a smile, “Sorry, babe! You are one. I am one. He is one. She is one. I don’t understand why your pair of superhero parents didn’t mention an upcoming and unpredictable superhero event to you.”
Caim frowns, “Probably, because, they’re out of the office and killing something else evil.”
Mushi frowns. “What? Ugh! What does that mean?”
Throne points at the super villainess with a smile. “Actually, she is really nicknamed as Pinky. She is a pretty ugly villain with her red tinted hair and her glowing pink tinted skin.”
Nightjar moves beside his girl Caim and wears a sour frown, staring at the new super villain with puzzlement and worry. “We ain’t here voting for new prom queen, ya’ll. She is a super villain. We are the four super heroes.”
Caim frowns. “We are four teens living here in the cow town of Carmite. What are we supposed to do here to it, superheroes?”
Throne dashes ahead with a sneer and tosses both arms in the air, moving toward the unplowed dirt field, “All right! All right! I’ll volunteer to go and then kill the babe first.”
Nightjar continues to stand and flips a hand with a smile. “Yeah, go for it, bro! I ain’t stopping you never or ever.”
“Great! Thanks, man! I’ll give her a dirt funeral also.” Throne dashes ahead and then halts with a gasp.
Mushi frowns. “I don’t think a dirt funeral will work here, Throne.”
Caim frowns at the super villainess “Why not? We are here. She is there. It worked before. So it will work again. Go on, Throne!”
Throne dashes ahead with a grin and then skids to a halt with a gasp while staring at the super villain. The other three superheroes dash ahead and then stop, standing in-between teen Throne while staring at the super villain in silence.
Underneath the rolling black clouds, the Goddess of Light continues to hover over the dirt field and morphs from dull pink into the brighter hue of yellow tint. “Do not come any closer, Paranormal Killer!”
Mushi frowns. “What did she say to me?”
Nightjar slaps his chest with a smile and stares at the villain. “We are called, a Paranormal Killer.”
Caim tosses both arms and stares at the super villainess. “Look! I have never killed nothing within my short beautiful life of sixteen years. I don’t even harm a spider, if it happened to come and nest inside my house. I remove it on a piece of branch twig. I do not kill.”
Nightjar nods with a smile. “That’s a valid argument, Caim. Since, I’m haven’t killed anything else.”
Throne tosses both arms into the air and then slaps them back down onto his jeans, exhaling with annoyance, “Geez! You and I are going out for some deadly rabbit hunting next week, back home, Nightjar. Then, I promise you can’t make that prissy, sissy, girly statement every again,” laughing.
Mushi frowns. “I don’t know, if I wanna kill anything. That’s against my personal human space.”
Nightjar nods with a smile and stares at the villain, “All right! So, we’re called, a Person Protector. Now, that includes everyone on the planet.
“…but animals,” Mushi turns and frowns at Throne. “He didn’t mention about protecting the animals and pets and wildlife and insects…”
Throne turns and winks at Mushi. “Our new superhero job is to protect every living thing. How’s that, Mushi?” She smiles with a nod in silence at him.
Nightjar continues to stare at the villain. “A Person Protector protects every living thing that is not supernaturally cute and talented like us, four. And I like that name and our mission bestest.”
Caim laughs, “Mangrove!”
“Sawyer!” Throne nods.
Nightjar laughs, “Gage!”
“Berrington!” Mushi laughs.
Sawyer, Gage, Mangrove, and Berrington are four non-related brothers that star in the Quartet novels by Ela, where the four billionaires suddenly become a set of red, white, and blue crime fighters without the silk cape, except for Tom. He insists upon wearing one all the time until Berrington punches the nose on Sawyer like usual.
“No way!” Throne shakes his shoulder length curls and tosses both arms in the air. “Everyone knows that Sawyer talks like that,” he drops both arms and slaps his legs staring at the villain.
The villain continues to hover and glow in bright yellow hue extending both arms toward the row of superheroes. “I am the Goddess of Life! Life, come forth and rise!”
Mushi turns and laughs at the villain, “No, non-girlfriend. The statement should be say: Life, come forth and arise! Geez! Super villains can’t learn anything new, can they?” she smiles.
The villain continues to glow in bright light.
Throne gasps in shock. “O no! Here it comes!”
Mushi stares with a puzzled brow at the villain. “What is coming to us?”
The villain glows in bright yellow and then turns into white hue.
Nightjar frowns at the villain and reaches up, shading his sensitive eyeballs. “What is she doing?”
Throne points at the villain. “She is doing, what she does bestest.”
Caim frowns. “What does she do bestest? I can’t figure it out, Throne.”
The body of the villain bursts into an outline of blinding white light.
“Hit the deck or dirt or don’t!” Throne drops down and covers his face.
Mushi gasps in worry and drops down beside Throne, covering her face with both hands.
Nightjar leans over and cuddles his girl Caim, dropping both of them down onto the road without injury as a pair of superheroes, of course.
Mushi continues to face the pavement with her eyelashes shut and both hands over her face, exhaling with worry.  “What did the super villainess do to us? I am still alive and healthy.”
“She is blinding us with the light,” Throne continues to face the pavement with his eyelids shut and laughs out loud.”
Nightjar continues to cuddle Caim with both of his eyelids shut and faces the road pavement. “I can see that. Why is she blinding us with her bright, blinding light?”
Caim does not move from her pose on the ground and smiles. “Say that three time faster, Nightjar!”
Throne does not move from his position on the ground. “This is her thing, man!”
“O!” Nightjar frowns.
“What is her super villain bright light doing to us or the town? Has her light destroyed the town?” Mushi does not move and breaths down on the smooth pavement with her three superhero friends.
Throne continues to rest on top of the pavement and exhaled down into the smooth stone. “Nothing! She only exhibits that bright blinding light, where you can’t see nothing but the bright light.”
Caim does not move and exhales down on top of the smooth road pavement without seeing the villain. “What do we do next?”
Throne does not move and talks to the road pavement without seeing the bright light. I don’t know. I get this far into the hologram game and I can’t figure out what to do next.”
“O!” Nightjar does not move and breaths down onto the road pavement.
Silence invades the air waves.
“Well, I can’t lie here all day long and do nothing.” Mushi frowns.
“Does any other superhero have a new idea?”
Yeah, I do,” Throne slowly spins around from the goddess with both eyelids shut and faces the town. “Turn around and huddle next to each other! We can think bestest without the blinding light in our eyeballs.”
The other superheroes slowly turn around and huddle tighter.
“Okay! I’m going to open my eyeballs. Ugh!” Nightjar opens and then shuts his eyeballs, rubbing the sting from the retinas over each eyelid. “Okay. That didn’t work. What else do we try?”
Throne frowns. “I don’t know.”
Caim frowns. “I don’t know either.”
Throne smiles, “I know. We leave from here and get out of the hologram…”
“No!” Throne gasps. “We’re too close. I have never been this far into the hologram game before.”
“Hmm!” Caim frowns. “This sounds to me like someone might be using me.”
“We are using and abusing your one hundred gigabytes, not you, Caim. I promise,” Nightjar laughs down into the pavement with both eyelids shut.
Mushi frowns down into the pavement. “What!” 
Caim smiles down into the pavement. “Dagon!”
Nightjar laughs down into the pavement. “What did you say, Caim?”
Throne frowns down into the pavement, “Dog gone! It’s a southern phrase that translates into the slang word, such as, dang or darn or dern or da…”
“Dagon, I know that name,” Mushi smiles down into the pavement. “Of course, I know that name too. Why didn’t I think of that name?”
Caim grins down into the pavement. “Dagon is the God of Death.”
Throne frowns down into the pavement. “Yeah, yeah, so, he’s dead already.”
Caim smiles down into the pavement. “Life and death is the cycle of a human life force. You are born or birthed into live. Then you die or dead into death.”
Throne frowns. “That doesn’t make any sense to me, superhero girl.”
Nightjar smiles down into the pavement. “It makes a lot of sense to me, yeah. The Goddess of Light has awakened from somewhere and now shines her light blinding light into my eyeballs. I can’t see nothing but bright light without heat, only annoying light. So, she can march over and open the vortex, because we are alive and breathing, but useless and immobile here and now. Then the hologram game will end for all of us.
“Do something, Nightjar, before the game ends! We are so, so close, now,” Throne gasps.
Mushi frowns. “That still does not make any sense, Nightjar.”
Caim smiles down into the pavement with both eyelids shut. “Yeah, yeah, a live person is not dead. But a dead person is dead. The Goddess of Light is paralyzing all the live persons with her blinding light. So we counter light with darkness. We use the God of Death or Darkness to eliminate her. The end!”
Throne mouth spits down onto the pavement with a smile and shakes his grounded body side to side with excitement. “That’s brilliant. That’s fantastic. That’s good, Caim. Why didn’t you think of that, Nightjar?”
“Because, my smart girl did it for me,” Nightjar leans over and tries to find her cheekbone, kissing his lips into her earlobe, instead. Caim continues to cuddle with her guy and giggles down into the pavement with her eyelashes shut.
Throne smiles down into the pavement. “So, do it to it, superheroes.”
Mushi frowns down into the pavement without moving and with her eyelashes shut. “I don’t know if this is really going to work, guys.”
Throne smiles down into the pavement. “And you are the baby superhero here, Mushi. We are the three older ones. Dagon! Call out his name, superheroes!”
“Dagon!” Nightjar shouts out loud.
Caim shouts out loud. “Dagon!”
“Dagon!” Mushi yells out loud.
Above the hair roots of each superhero teen, a tall and slender man with skin tone of bright orange and a business suit of neon green hovers in the air, looking down at each bone skull on Mushi, Throne, Nightjar, and Caim, “Hmm! The voice of a superhero has called out my name unto here. But the sunlight is very blinking unto here. Who called out my name unto here? And what do you want unto here, superhero teen brats? The light is stinging my eyeballs.”
On top of the pavement in the blinking light where Dagon can only see with his black eyeballs, Caim lifts her arm in the air with both eyelashes shut and thumbs back toward the Goddess of Light, talking down into the pavement, “Hey, Dagon! Your ugly girlfriend has escaped from out your castle dungeon, or maybe your private bedroom. But we found her for you in here. Go and get her, tiger!” She laughs down into the pavement with the others.
Dagon looks up and shades his pair of eyeballs, cutting out a dark pathway through the bright light, hitting the Goddess of Life. He claps with a smile of delight. “Cadon, there you are, my darling! How did you escape out from your room? I must be more carefully tonight.” He dashes ahead through the swath of darkness toward her with a smile.
The Goddess of Light, Cadon continues to hover in her light and above the ground, gasping in shock at the presence of her dark Keeper and then swiftly flies upward into the black clouds, carrying the blinding light rays with her.
Dagon chases after Cadon through the set of black tinted clouds that break apart each nasty storm cloud, revealing the blue sky and bright rays of solar sunshine. She races into the black clouds heading toward the sunlight for safety from her dark Keeper. He continues to follow her into the black clouds. Then a massive explosion loudly sounds and displays an array of colorful fireworks throughout the black clouds. The rows of rolling black clouds completely disappear.
On top of the road pavement, each superhero hears the loud explosion and ear-piercing screams from Cadon and then opens their eyelids, scanning the smooth pavement with a smile.
Mushi grins and faces the undamaged town, “I can see.”
Caim stands and faces the same undamaged town also. “I can stand and see.”
Throne leaps upright from the ground and points toward the sun, nodding with a smile. “Dagon did it. Our superhero work is done here,” he rubs his hands with an evil grin and scan the undamaged town. “Now, we can hunt for…”
Nightjar slowly stands from the pavement and leans over, kissing his girl Caim, pulling back with a smile. “We are close to…”
The flat ground tumbles side to side. Each superhero stumbles side to side with shouts. The tall weeds fall flat. The red tinted dirt parts open. A single white tinted object appears. The object slowly crawls out from the broken hole and stands upright, screaming in pain.
Mushi spins around with a gasp and dances side to side over the shaky ground, jabbing a finger at the object with worry. “What is that?”
Caim and Nightjar part from their hug and then dance side to side over the shaky ground.
Caim spins around and laughs. “Mushi failed her science class also. I was there too.”
Throne spins around and continues to dance side to side over the shaky ground, snapping his fingers.
A new musical song entitled Let’s Dance starts to sing out loud: Let’s dance/ Put on your red shoes and dance the blues/ Let’s dance/ To the song they’re playing on the radio/ Let’s sway/ While color lights up your face/ Let’s sway/ Sway through the crowd to an empty space/ If you say run…
Note: The new musical song entitled Let’s Dance had been performed by David Bowie in the year 1983.
Throne dances side to side with a smile to the new song. “I do believe that is a dead body.”
Mushi dances side to side with puzzlement. “O no! That’s a dead body. Why is that a dead body of skeleton bones?”
Throne stares at the row of crawling skeleton bodies. “I mean to say that’s a dead body with an ugly green dress that an old lady would wear.”
Nightjar continues to dance over the shaky ground and the new song. “What’s happening here now?”
Mushi continues to shakes her hips, hands, and feet on top of the shaky ground with the new song, wearing a confuse brow, staring at the ground. “What’s happening right now?”
Nightjar continues to dance over the shaky ground with a sour frown. “I just asked that superhero question first.”
Throne dances over the shaky ground and exhales with annoyance, tossing both arms in the air for balance and annoyance. “We just got rid of the blinding, shiny light. We replaced it with darkness. Now, numerous dead people in the format of skeleton bones are climbing out from their individual gravesite. What’s happening right now?”
Nightjar tumbles side to side over the shaky ground with annoyance. “I just asked that question. No one has an answer either.”
Mushi dances side to side over the shaky ground and turns to face Throne with a smile “Wait! The cemetery is located behind Throne’s cute butthole.”
Throne spins around with his dance moves and faces Mushi, winking with a laugh. They dance around each other while the ground continues to shake.
“I would like to remind here. That Throne has a current, but absent girlfriend, Mushi.” Caim spins around and reaches out, grabbing the arm on Nightjar, but cannot hold on due to the shaky ground. They dance side to side over the shaky ground with laughter.
Throne continues to flirt and dance with Mushi. “How do we stop this from getting worser here, man?”
Caim continues to flirt and dance with her guy Nightjar on top of the shaky ground. “Well, I do not have a solution for a stoppage, but I have a good explanation of the skeleton bodies.”
Nightjar continues to dance and flirt with Caim on top of the shaky ground. “What’s the good explanation, darling?”
She dances and winks at her guy, “All the dead humans that used to live and thrive around here, until their death. So, we, four superheroes had replaced the previous drifting sticks of bone back down into their coffin. Then the Goddess of Life…”
“I know that. I was there. And, now, I am here.” Throne continues to dance and smile at Mushi while giving Caim a hard time.
Nightjar dances and smiles at his girl, “Shut up, Throne! Proceed, precious!”
She smiles. “So, we called out the God of Death to take care of the Goddess of Life. And he did and she was done. Now, when you replace one super villain with another super villain something else super villainous happens. The God of Death is darkness and death. So, he has called out all of his darkness from each dead body here coming out from their individual grave right here in the ground within the little cow town of Carmite. It didn’t rhyme.”
Throne continues to dance side to side and wears a frown. “Man, we were so close, Nightjar.”
Mushi continues to dance and frowns. “So, we quit the hologram game right now. Good! I wanna…”
The musical song entitled Let’s Dance stops playing the musical notes and the words.
On top of the flat ground, the dirt slowly parts open and reveals a new bone skull. The bone skull slowly rises and displays a complete skeleton, wearing a green long dress.
“No!” Throne leaps up from the ground with a smile and hovers in the air with a chuckle while snapping his fingers.
A new musical song entitled Thriller starts to sing out loud: It’s close to midnight/ Something evil’s lurking from the dark/ Under the moonlight/ you see a sight that almost stops your heart/ You try to scream/ But terror takes the sound before you make it/ You start to freeze/ As horror looks you right between the eyes/ You’re paralyzed /‘Cause, this is thriller/ Thriller night/ And no one’s gonna save you/ From the beast about to strike/ You know it’s thriller/ Thriller night/ You’re fighting for your life/ Inside a killer/ Thriller tonight, yeah…
Note: The new musical song entitled Thriller had been performed by superstar musical artist and dancer Michael Jackson in the year 1983 which featured the deep bass timber on Vincent Price.
The rows of crawling skeletons do not dance, only the four superheroes on top of the shifting dirt.
In the air waves below the bright sunlight, Throne bounces up and down with excitement. “I do believe that we need to some visual aids here.”
Nightjar leaps up from the ground and hovers in the air several feet from his childhood friend Throne, floating above the shaky ground and the army of crawling skeletons over the dirt. He shakes his skull with a sour frown. “No! Do not do that, right here, right now, Throne!”
Caim leaps up from the pavement and hovers beside Nightjar looking down at the ground. The land continues to rumble in loud thunder and rips open, exposing a new single skeleton skull that is nicely attached to a complete skeleton upper and lower body. 
Mushi bends her kneecaps and jumps up from the pavement hovering in the air, scanning down the dirt and the skeletons on top of the shaky ground. “What does that mean? What did he say? Why did he say the word, visual aids? What is a visual aid?”
Throne continues to hover in the air and closes his eyelids, slowly lifting one leg to the side in silence. The other teens turn and stare at Throne in silence. He extends an arm and wiggles the index finger with a smirk.
A single object, behind the row of individual rear skulls on each superhero, sounds with a loud boom, swiftly lifts upright from the ground with a loud bang, quickly flying through the air with a loud whistle and then halts beside the extending hand on Throne. The object displays a worn and ratty red colored leather front driver’s bench from an ancient automobile which contains the driver’s chair and the passenger’s chair together. The front driver’s bench contains a solid floor of gray carpet and an upright short pole which holds a single steering column. The bench does not exhibit a set of side doors, a metal rooftop, a windshield, or an engine. The front driver’s bench floats in the air without sound or movement.
Caim gasps in shock at the sudden appear of the tangible object. “What is that thing? What did Throne do here? I’m confused.”
Nightjar nods at the bench seat. “Throne is not finished either. Hurry up, Throne! We need to slap back the rest of the crawling dead skeleton bodies and their clothing back down into the dry dirt before another super villain appears.”
Throne extends the other arm outward and wiggles the index finger with a smile. “We got plenty of superhero time. Excuse, use, and abuse the pun! The solar sun doesn’t sink down into the horizon until nine o’clock.”
A second object appears and flies through the air with a loud whistle, parking on the opposite side of Throne also. The second worn and ratty blue and gray patterned cloth front driver’s bench appears that contains the driver’s seat and the passenger chair also for two people.
Throne wiggles the middle finger with a sissy giggle on each hand while shakes the same leg with a smile.
A third and fourth object appears in the air and then soars ahead with an individual loud whistle, halting beside the first and second object.
A third worn and ratty brown tinted leather front driver’s bench seat with a steering column and two chairs also hovers in the air without sound. Finally, a fourth worn and ratty white tinted clothed front driver’s bench seat with a steering column and two chairs hovers beside the black tinted object. Each bench seat hovers in the air without sound or movement.
In the air, Throne lowers the leg and slaps his hands into his clothing, opening both of his eyelids, turning to smile at Caim.
Mushi frowns at each object. “What is this?”
He smiles. “I have showed off with another one of our superhero talents, superhero spotting. This is my personal flying machine,” Throne continues to hold out his hand. An object halts and hovers beside his bone skull. “We are superheroes, not super wizards. We cannot create anything, only stole it…”
“Borrow it! I use a gentler term,” Caim frowns at Throne.
Throne drops both arms and dances over the shaky ground with a smile. “We borrow stuff. This is a front seat bench from a damaged automobile at the local junk yard. I lifted it up and then borrowed it for our bombing run. We ride around the air waves and slap our personal weapons into each drifting skeleton. And we betta hurry as rows of crawling skeletons are cometh our way. So, we blast each dead thing back into their personal grave site by exploding up their together skeleton bones. These things are only composed of bones, not skin or maggots or blood.”
“O! Like I had borrowed that pile of dirt for a good reason and a superhero purpose,” Mushi exhales with a sour frown. “But I promise that I’ll return it later today. I think.”
Nightjar smiles at each automobile bench seat, “If we finally defeat the super villain over there in the meadow, then everything will return back into normal. The pile of dirt that you borrowed will return back to the same spot. You don’t have to do anything, Caim.”
Caim nods with a smile. “That works for me. What is this superhero spotting thing?”
“Behind the construction company, there is an old and ancient junk yard, where I enjoyed using my active imagination and played for hours there. There are numerous old and ancient automobile. I remembered each ancient automobile that I enjoy playing inside as a child. And each ancient automobile is still there. Inside my superhero mind, I pictured each driver’s seat from four different automobiles. Then I lifted up my leg that targeted each object which is called superhero spotting. Then I snapped my fingers that captured each targeted object and send the object literally here in my eyesight.”
Caim gasps in alarm. “Can we really do that?”
Throne laughs. “I just showed you how to do it, girl. Were you not watching? Open your eyeballs, Caim!” He slaps his hands. “Now, we have an individual flying machine. And an individual superhero weapon,” he removes one of the cloth bracelet and flings the weapon down through the air. His superhero weapon quickly morphs into a lavender colored sharp knife. Each flying knife tip hits and then stabs down into one of the crawling skeletons. The skeleton explodes into a pile of lavender fire, dropping back down into the red dirt. He smiles. “There! That’s easy. Each superhero weapon will burn the ugly sucker and send it back down to hell. Everyone, grab a seat and go, get the goodies,” he floats upward and then lands down into the black tinted front driver’s bench, slapping both naked hands over the steering column with a laugh. “Yeah, this is nice.”
Nightjar flies upward with a smile. Caim flies faster with a giggle and sits down in the brown tinted driver’s chair with a smile. He parks beside her in the passenger chair and turns to wink at his girl Caim. She turns and winks at her guy. “Yeah, this is fine.”
Mushi soars upright and lands down in the passenger chair on the black tinted bench seat that holds Throne, turning with a wink to see Throne. “Yes, this is both nice and fine.” He laughs with amusement.
Caim turns and gasps in shock at Mushi while yelling out loud. “Throne has a current, but absent girlfriend, Mushi.”
Throne turns with a gasp and points down at the ground. “Ya know, I think that’s Melstone’s dead grandmother skeleton. Her funeral was a couple of weeks ago. She wore an ugly green dress like that one on that dead skeleton body.”
Mushi moves across the solid bench and sits closer to Throne and then turns looking down with a frown at the rows of crawling skeletons. “That’s impossible.”
The red dirt continues to shift and then spreads open revealing numerous individual bone skulls. Each bone skull crawls ahead over the dirt and exposes their entire set of bones without lifting up into the air.
Caim turns and frowns down at the dirt and the skeletons, “But, but, but, this is not the cemetery.”
Nightjar points down at eh dirt. “Actually, this is the new cemetery. The dirt is lacking the gate, the tombstones, and the manicured grass. The city dug and moved some of the other graves here last week.”
Caim nods. “So, that really is Melston’s dead grandmother’s skeleton bones.”
Throne nods. “Yeah, it is. What do we do now?”
Mushi frowns. “Why is this happening now?”
Throne turns and smiles at Mushi. “This is part of the hologram game, Mushi. Have you never played the hologram game Superhero Time?”
Mushi turns and flirts with Throne. “This is my first time. How am I doing, superhero Throne?”
He winks. “O! Do you really want me to answer that question, superhero Mushi?”
She winks with a giggle. “Yes, I do.”
Caim turns and lifts her hand outward into the air, flinging an invisible superhero girly wave at rear skull on Throne. The invisible superhero wave hits his head. Throne leans sideways and then straightens upright, turning with a hiss to see Caim. Caim laughs with nod. “Well, it goes like this. When you mess with one super villain, a second super villain always takes over. That’s the universal rule. So, the army of dead people really is Dagon’s army of skeletons that will crawl over the ground, not float in the air, entering into each house and then torment and torture each human unless we stop them.”
Nightjar exhales with worry and stares down at the rows of crawling dull tinted skeleton bodies. “Yeah, that’s bad.”
Throne turns and smiles down at the row of crawling skeletons. “Yeah, that’s us! Go!” he flies down the front driver’s seat that holds Mushi and flings off one of his colorful cloth bracelet at a time. Each colored cloth bracelet converts into the same colored sharp knife, stabbing down into one of the crawling skeleton bodies. Then the individual skeleton body burns into a pile of colorful ashes and drops back down into the dirt.
Mushi rips off one of her finger rips and tosses down onto one of the crawling skeletons. The skeleton burns into a pile of peach colors and then drops back down into the dirt, returning back it back into its coffin.
A continuous stream of semi-crooked rows of skeleton bodies wears a set of exercise clothes with a pair of sneakers and slowly emerges from the red dirt, crawling over the ground toward the pavement in the town.
A new musical song entitled Low starts to sing out loud: Hmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm/ (Let me talk to ‘em, let me talk to ‘me)/ Hmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm/ (Let me talk to ‘em)/ Shawty had them Apple Bottom jeans/ Boots with the fur (with the fur)/ The whole club was looking at her/ She hit the flo’ (she hit the flo’)/ next thang you know/ Shawty got low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low / Them baggy sweat pants/ And the Reeboks with the straps (with the straps)/ She turned around and gave that big booty a smack (Ayy)/ She hit the flo’ (she hit the flo’)/ Next thang you know/ Shawty got low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low… 
Note: The true musical song Low had been performed by American Rapper Flo Rida featuring Tpain in the year 2007.
In the sky, two automobile bench seats with the pairs of superheroes continue to fly low toward the dirt and toss a superhero weapon at each crawling skeleton. The last skeleton is killed.
On top of the dirt, some of the skeleton females are dragging a handbag that is colored white with colorful tiny designs. Some of the boney skulls on the male skeleton wear a colorful trucker hat over their hair roots, climbing up the hole, crawling over the dirt.
Throne flies around the air on top of the bench seat with Mushi and continues to pop a cloth bracelet, hitting down on one of the many crawling skeletons.
Mushi stops tossing off a finger ring and stares down at the row of crawling skeletons. “What is that?”
Throne steers with one hand and laughs out loud, “More skeletons, you did fail your biology class, Mushi.”
She frowns. “No. Why is each dead female dragging by their cupped bony hand a large purse out from their individual coffin? And why does every male skeleton wear a colorful cap over their slimy hair roots? That’s just weird.”
Caim steers the bench seat transport with one and rips off one of her satin ribbon with the free hand, slapping the tip on glowing lasso whip down at each crawling skeleton with a smile. “Well, I think we have burned down each skeleton back down into the grave from the current decade or two. These particular dead bodies come from the death years in-between 2000 to 2009. In the era, a female carried around a designer purse even into the grave. A male wear a trucker hat even to bed,” laughing.
“Blast them back down into the graves with their purse and their trucker hat,” Throne rips off a cloth bracelet with a laugh and flings it down at each crawling skeleton, feeling the automobile bench seat wobble up and down, turning with a gasp. “Hey, girl…girlfriend…”
Sileni, she has snapped out of her sleeping trance and has discovered her boyfriend missing. So, she has landed down on the shared bench seat between her enemy Mushi and her boyfriend Throne, wearing a sour frown and her black skirt outfit with an array of red ruby jewelry over her body parts plus a red tinted tiara, turning with a sneer to see the nose profile on Mushi. She bumps and shoves Mushi off the shared bench seat with a growl, “Time to go! Bye, witch!”
Mushi gasps in alarm and falls off the edge of the bench seat, dropping down and then halts with her superhero powers. She shakes a leg and wiggles her index finger in the air. An object flies up from the ground and appears in the pale blue sky and behind her rear skull coming up from the junk yard. The object flies ahead and halts down below her butthole. Mushi slowly lands down on top of a front driver’s bench seat from a dump truck. The bench seat has an upright pole with a steering wheel and a front iron grill that protects her naked legs. The seat could hold three other teens but there are not anymore single teens to sit with Mushi, especially teen males. She flies ahead and twirls the steering column, targeting the row of crawling skeleton, flinging out a finger ring, destroying each one.
Throne and Sileni sit together on top of the black tinted bench seat. He fakes a grin at the nose profile on his girlfriend for acting like a real tart with the new superhero chick. “I…”
“I do not want to hear it,” Sileni snaps her fingers and turns to see the row of crawling skeleton.
A new musical song entitled Girl in a County Song starts to sing out loud: No country music was harmed in the making of this song/ This is only a test-t-t/ Well, I wish I had some shoes/ on my two bare feet/ And it’s getting kinda cold/ In these painted on cut-off jeans/ I hate the way this bikini top chafes/ Do I really have to wear it all day/ Yeah, baby/ I hear you over there/ on your tailgate whistling/ Saying “hey, girl”/ But you know I ain’t listening/ ‘Cause I got a name/ And to you, it ain’t “pretty little thing”/ “hottie” or “baby”/ It’s driving me red, red, red, red, red, red, red, redneck crazy/ Being the girl in a county song/ How in the world did it go so wrong/ Like all I’m good for is looking good for/ You and your friends on the weekend, nothing more/ We used to get a little respect/ Now, we’re lucky if we even get/ To climb up in your truck/ Keep our mouths shut, and ride along/ And be the girl in a country song…
Note: The new musical song entitled Girl in a Country Song had been performed in the year 2014 by the musical duo of Maddie & Tae.
In the air waves, Throne continues to sit beside his girlfriend and frowns at the new song. “Why did you pick that song? It’s about a girl.”
She points down at the ground with a sour frown, “Precisely! Get to work now! When I get back home, you and I are going to have an intense conversation.”
“Geez! All right! Okay! I’m working,” he flies the bench seat over the sky and flings off a cloth bracelet, tossing down to the ground, destroying another skeleton.
Caim continues to fly, slaps her glowing lasso weapon at the enemy, and spies on Throne. “Well said, Sileni!”
Nightjar continues to sit on the edge of the shared bench seat and avoids any confrontation with any friend or girlfriend, flinging down handfuls of tiny mini-chains down at the enemy, destroying the skeleton in silence.
The three automobile bench seats fly around the skyline and destroy each crawling skeleton. The last skeleton burns in flames.
The ground shakes and breaks open. Then set of new bone skulls appears and slowly crawls out with an attached skeleton body from the hole in the dirt, displaying a black or gray business suit.
The musical song entitled Macarena starts playing the words and the musical notes: When I dance they call me, Macarena/ And the boys, they say, que soy buena/ They all want me/ They can’t have me/ So, they all come and dance beside me/ Move with me/ Chant with me/ And if your good I’ll take you home with me/ Move with me/ Chant with me/ And if your good I’ll take you home with me/ Dale a tu cuerpo alegria, Macarena/ Que tu cuerpo es pa’ darle alegria/ why cosa buena/ Dale a tu cuerpo alegria, Macarena/ Hey, Macarena…
Note: The true musical song entitled Macarena had been performed in the year 1993 by the Spanish and Latin pop and dance due Los del Rio which had been formed in the year 1962.
In the air waves, Caim smiles down at the new row of crawling skeletons. “We’re getting closer to beating this thing. Each skeleton is wearing a nice designer business suit. This particular group of crawler creatures moving towards the town had died between the years 1990 and 1999.”
“Blast them back to the year 1999!” Throne continues to steer the black tinted automobile bench seat and tosses down each superhero weapon at each crawling skeleton.
The last crawling skeleton burns in flames and then drops down into the dirt, returning back into their individual grave.
A new boney skull appears and wears a set of shredded clothing in neon colors of pink, orange, mint green, and yellow. Each female skeleton wears a head of fluffy hair strands. Some of the male skeletons are dressed in a white suit with a colored shirt or a pair of baggie pants in multiple colors and designs.
“What’s this?”
Caim flies the bench seat through the air and continue to destroy each skeleton. “The dead people come from the years 1980 to 1989.”
A new musical song entitled What’s Love Got to Do With It starts to sing out loud: You must understand through the touch of your hand/ Makes my pulse react That it’s only the thrill of boy meeting girl/ Opposites attract/ It’s physical/ Only logical/ You must try to ignore that it means more than that/ What’s love got to do, got to do with it/ What’s love but a second-hand emotion…
Note: The true musical song entitled What’s Love Got to Do with It had been performed musical superstar Tina Turner in the year 1984.
“Blast them back to the past of 1980s!” Throne continues to fly around and zap his super weapon down at each skeleton, sending the poor deceased person back to its rightful home.
The last crawling skeleton disappears.
The dirt shakes and reveals a new bony skull, where a crawling bag of bones exit and slither over the dirt. Each male skeleton displays a pair of dirty bell-bottom jeans and a tie-dye shirt. Each female skeleton wears a multi-colored jump suit with a pair of platform shoes and a sash tied around the forehead.
A new musical song entitled Stayin’ Alive starts to sing out loud: Well, you can tell by the way I use my walk/ I’m a woman’s man: no time to talk/ Music loud and women warm, I’ve been kicked around/ Since, I was born/ And now it’s all right, it’s okay/ And you may look the other way/ We can try to understand/ The New York Times’ effect on man/ Whether you’re a brother or whether you’re a mother/ You’re staying alive, staying alive/ Feel the city breaking and everybody shaking/ And we’re staying alive, staying alive/ Ah, ha, ha, ha, staying alive, staying alive/ Ah, ha, ha, ha, staying alive…
Note: The true musical song entitled Stayin’ Alive had been performed by the musical group the Bee Gees in the year 1975.
In the skyline, Throne continues to fly around the sky on top of the bench seat with his girl Sileni. She stares down at each crawling skeleton over the dirt. I’m so glad that I live now, not then. These dead people dressed funny.”
Caim continues to fly with her guy Nightjar and slaps her colored superhero lasso at each skeleton, returning the dead person back into the coffin. “These dead people died in the years 1970 to 1979.”
Mushi continues to fly and tosses down a handful of gemstone ring, burning each crawling skeleton over the dirt.
Finally, the last crawling skeleton disappears.
Then the dirt shakes and parts open. Rows of new crawling skeletons emerge and slide over the dirt, moving toward the town for their evil fun. Each female skeleton wears a short multi-colored dress with a pair of white knee boots. Each male skeleton displays a face with a full beard or mustache and a pair of colorful corduroy slacks and a dull colored sweater.
A new musical song entitled Spirit in the Sky starts to sing out loud:  When I die and they lay me to rest/ Gonna go to the place that’s the best/ When I lay me down to die/ Going up to the spirit in the sky/ Going up to the spirit in the sky/ That’s where I’m gonna go when I die/ When I die and they lay me to rest/ Gonna go to the place that’s the best/ Prepare yourself you know it's a must/ Gotta have a friend in Jesus/ So, you know that when you die/ He’s gonna recommend you/ To the spirit in the sky/ Gonna recommend you/ To the spirit in the sky/ That’s where you’re gonna go when you die/ When you die and they lay you to rest/ You're gonna go to the place that’s the best…
Note: The true musical song entitled Sprit in the Sky had been performed in the year 1969 by American singer and songwriter Norman Greenbaum.
Caim continues to fly with her guy Nightjar and smiles down at the new crop of skeleton, slapping her colored superhero lasso at each skeleton, returning the dead person back into the coffin. “These dead people died in the years 1960 to 1969.”
“Blast them back to the year 1960, a very good year,” Throne works the steering column and his cloth bracelets that drop down and burn each crawling skeleton.
The four superheroes continue to fly an individual bench seat through the air waves and drop down their individual superhero weapon, burning the skeleton, sending it back home down into the dirt.
The last crawling skeleton burns in a pile of red colored flames and then drops down into the dirt.
The ground shakes and parts open. A row of new crawling skeletons emerges and then slithers over the dirt. Each male skeleton wears a pair of blue jeans and a white tinted T-shirt. Each female skeleton displays a puffy skirt in pink hue with a black tinted poodle on the fabric.
A new musical song entitled Jailhouse Rock starts to sing out loud: The warden threw a party in the county jail/ The prison band was there and they began to wail/ The band was jumping and the joint began to swing/ You should’ve heard them knocked-out jailbirds sing/ Let’s rock everybody, let’s rock/ Everybody in the whole cell block/ Was dancing to the Jailhouse Rock…
Note: The true musical song entitled Jailhouse Rock had been performed in the year 1957 by the American singer, musician, and actor Elvis Presley.
Each superhero flies inside their transport and blasts each crawling skeleton back down into the grave. The last crawling skeleton burns into a pile of orange ashes dropping down into the dirt.
The ground shakes again and reveals a set of bony skulls again. Each bony skull emerges from the dirt that is attached to a bony skeleton. However, some of the skeleton bones are missing. Some of the skeleton wears a military uniform that is shredded in ribbons from the moisture and bugs inside their individual coffin down in the dirt.
A new musical song entitled Boogie Woogie Bulge Boy starts to sing out loud:  He was a famous trumpet man from out Chicago way/ He had a boogie style that no one else could play/ He was the top man at his craft/ But then his number came up, and he was gone with the draft/ He’s in the army now, a-blowing reveille/ He’s the boogie woogie bugle boy of Company B…
Note: The true musical song entitled Boogie Woogie Bulge Boy had been performed in the year 1941 by The Andrew Sisters, an American harmony singing group of the swing and boogie-woogie era.
In the skyline, Nightjar flies on top the bench seat with his girlfriend Caim and frowns down at the new batch of skeleton, “Hmm! Some of the skeletons are missing a leg or an arm. And I recognize the partially shredded military uniforms of blue or tan or white also. So, we have journeyed backwards in time to World War Two within the years 1940 to 1945.”
“Well then, these guys are used to a war,” Throne flies the automobile bench seat with Sileni through the air waves and flings off a cloth bracelet down onto the crawling skeleton body.
Each superhero easily dispatches the group of crawling skeleton bodies. The last skeleton bones burn into a purple tinted flame and then sinks back down into the dirt.
The ground shakes and parts open for more activity.
In the skyline, Throne flies around with a sour frown and stares down at each new open hole. “I’m sick and tired of this silly task. Look! If we drop down all of our superhero weapons, then each dirt hole will close back up, swiftly, completely, finally. Then, we’re done and finished here. Nightjar, we’re running outta of time in here. We need to finish this up and go and find the vortex hole and then collect our prize.”
Nightjar flies inside the brown tinted bench seat and stares down at each new hole, nodding with a sour frown. “Yeah, I agree, buddy. Let go and claim our prize now! No one has made it this far into the hologram game, Throne, but us.”
Caim halts the shared bench seat with Nightjar and frowns down at the shifting ground. “I do not agree.”
Mushi sits inside her driver’s seat and frowns down at the shifting ground also. “Throne, do not toss down all of your superhero weapons!”
“Why not!” Throne pulls off all of his cloth bracelets from each wrist and ankle bone with a chuckle and tosses each superhero weapon into the air.
“No, Throne!” Mushi gasps in fear and halts her front bench seat. Each cloth bracelet morphs into an individual colored tinted sharp knife and lands down in the dirt hole.
Caim gasps and stares down at the shifting dirt piles. “O no!”
“O yes!” Mushi swiftly flies her dump truck front seat backwards with a sneer and moves away from the shifting dirt pile, yelling out loud with fury. “I told you not to do that, Throne.”
Throne continues to park in the air waves with his girl Sileni and stares down at the bombardment of knives on top of the ground, “Why not?”
“That’s why!” Caim gasps and covers her mouth with worry.
The ground violently shifts and shakes parting open with numerous ground fusions. Each fusion sprays upward dirt and water and an individual skeleton body. The body falls back down into the dirt and sinks back down, covering its body. Then the bony skull emerges and slowly crawls ahead, shuffling the dirt off the bones, screaming out loud in evil.
In the skyline, Mushi flies around in the skyline and away from the growing rows of crawling skeletons. “Ugh! His superhero weapon bombardment has opened up numerous fusions in the dirt. Now, the rest of the bones are coming out and after the townspeople. Here, a long time ago, the Alabama land territory had been visited and occupied by numerous famous explorers and of their foot soldiers with a muzzle gun coming from the countries of Britain, France, and Spain. Now, Throne, not me or you, has uncovered the buried remains of party of dead explorers that came here to find gold. That was a myth during the 1600s and 1700s time period on our planet.”
Throne flies around the skyline with a laugh and tosses more of his cloth bracelets from each limb bone at the row of numerous crawling skeletons. “Blast them back down with their golden nuggets.”
Inside the shared black tinted automobile front bench seat in the passenger chair, Sileni is not assigned the role play of a superhero, only the superhero’s girlfriend and she cannot toss down a superhero weapon at the enemy. She points down at the rows of crawling skeleton that wear shredded clothing from that time period in confusion. “Wait! Mushi said these are dead people from the 1700s. We have skipped about two hundred years here and two thousand dead people. You returned back the dead skeletons from the year 1950s a few minutes ago. Where are the other dead skeletons between the years of 1950s and 1700s? I mean to say where is one of the southern lady skeletons with a ratty blue colored bonnet on top of her bony skull. A century ago, the Civil War occurred right here in the year 1863 in Carmite and the surrounding countryside.”
Throne flies around and drops down more of his superhero weapons at the numerous crawling skeletons. “There’s an ancient cemetery back there near the middle of town. We dispatched them a few minutes ago when you were sleeping underneath my trance, babe.”
She crosses her arms with a sour frown. “Do not do that to me again! We are having a very serious talk when we both return back home from this silly hologram game.”
He laughs and flies around the skyline, tossing off his cloth bracelets at the enemy, “Yes, dear!”
“I do believe that the Indians are invading again. I see set of Native American Indians in a deer skin dress on a female skeleton and an Indian headdress on the male skeleton. And each Native American Indian had been buried with maize, potatoes, tomatoes and other ripened fruit.”
Caim flies around the skyline and points down at the new set of bones. “What are those?”
Mushi flies around the clouds with a smile. “Each one of the smaller set of bone is their companion dog. Native American Indians loves dogs and considers them to be honored. Back then, they had the dogs buried near their dead owner also.”
Throne steers the bench seat through the blue sky with an evil laugh. “Blast them back down into the ground!”
The three bench seats with the four superheroes continued to burn each crawling skeleton into a pile of bones. Then the burnt pile descends back down into the dirt.
Throne halts his bench seat flying machine in the skyline and surveys the calm dirt with a smile. “Well, that’s it. We have seen and then destroyed each buried skeleton.”
Mushi continues to fly around the skyline and stares down at the dirt. “I don’t think so. What clan came before the Native American Indians?”
Throne halts in the air waves and laughs out loud, “Nothing! We’re done here! Nightjar, let’s fly our machines towards…”
The dirt shakes violently side to side. Mushi laughs inside her bench seat flying machine. “I don’t think so.” The dirt parts and reveals a new bone skull that wears a helmet in gold.
Caim points down at the crawling skeleton with a gasp. “That’s gold. That bone skull is gold plated.”
Nightjar frowns. “No. That individual bone skull from the drifting body skeleton is a metal helmet. Who is that skeleton?”
Throne lifts his kneecaps and steers the wheel, flying around the blue sky, whipping out his mobile telephone. “Okay. Let’s whip out our mobile telephone devise.”
Caim frowns. “You and I do not possess a communication devise in here.”
Throne looks down and types on the tiny keyboard with a smile. “During this time period inside the hologram game, every teen possessed a communication devise which was called a mobile telephone. And, yes, I do. It is a hologram mobile telephone that works perfectly in here,” he reads the tiny screen. “And the answer is a Roman soldier that used to wear that type of metal helmet, matching chest armor, and a silly tan colored skirt above a pair of bony, naked kneecaps. What a bunch of wussies? And he was always buried with his personal bloody sword and a clean golden coin on top of their tongue. That’s just gross.”
Mushi flies around in her bench seat with a laugh and continues to drop down her finger rings on top of the crawling skeletons. “That’s so cool! I see Romans. So, let’s go and place them back down into their individual shallow dirt graves.”
Each flying bench seat soars around the air waves and as each superhero weapon drops down on each crawling skeleton, until the last one is burned into flames.
Inside the browned tinted automobile front bench seat, Nightjar narrows his eyelids and stares down at the dirt. “I see something else moving around down there.”
Caim steers the bench seat with a smile. “Woo-who! I see rows of half-naked Egyptian warriors that wear that cute little white shirt without a shirt, baby.”
Nightjar turns and sneers at his girlfriend. “You didn’t have to get that excited.”
She steers and laughs at the same time. “I get excited over a half-naked man every day of the week, babe.”
He gasps. “What!”
Throne continues to fly through the skies and drops down his weapon with puzzlement at the rows of crawling skeletons. “How did they get here in America?”
Sileni smiles down at the enemy. “The Ancient Egyptians were masters of the seas. Modern day scientists have actually found tobacco bits inside the stomach pouch from some of the dead royal and noble Egyptians that had been removed from their graves. The product of tobacco is only grown here in American. Thus, the Ancient Egyptians traveled here to American lands, before Chris and his three sailing ships. Yay, hay!”
The three bench seat-type flying machines twirl around in the sky and as each superhero continues to destroy the enemy. When the last crawling skeleton has burned into flamed, it drops down into the dirt. Then each flying machine halts in the air waves and as each superhero claps out loud with their victory and stares down the dirt.
Mushi continues to sit alone on top of her bench seat and stares down at the dirt with concern. “What warriors or clan or group came before the army of Ancient Egyptians?”
Throne leans over and hugs his girl Sileni, pulling back with a frown, looking over to see Mushi. “Do not shout out loud that vocal question for all to hear!”
“I see the dirt moving around down there some more. Now, I see a set of metal helmets with a pair of metal horns. The Vikings have arrived to spoil our day,” Mushi laughs.
Throne frowns. “Yeah, you had to ask.”
A row of large skeleton bones drifts up into the air and then falls back down onto the dry dirt making a set of dust tornados, shaking the dirt from each individual bones. Each crawling skeleton drags a long spear and moves toward the town.
Nightjar sits inside the bench seat and surveys the new group of bones. “Man, these boys and girls were some tall suckers with their great big weapon and horse, of course. It looks like the dead Viking received a wonderful send-off from the planet. Each one crawls over the dirt beside the bony skeleton from their horse, their dog, their fox, and their skunk,” he laughs. “Get me closer, Caim! I’ll start working on one end. Throne and Mushi start on the other end and we will meet in the middle, destroying all the suckers.” He drops down handfuls of mini-chains on top of the new invaders.
During the destruction of the skeleton bones, the ground rumbles again.
Caim sits in the bench seat and stares down at the dirt. “I think we go more company.” A semi-crooked row of individual bone skulls slowly rises up from the dirt. Each bone skull reveals a humped size skeleton. She frowns down at the set of new invaders. “Who are they?”
Mushi stares down at each hole with a smile. “It is the first inhabitants of Carmite Mr. and Mrs. Cave man and woman.”
“Blast all of them into bone fragments!” Throne flies around with a smile and drops down his weapons, destroying more of the crawling skeletons. He destroys the last crawling skeleton with a deep sigh and halts the bench seat, staring down at the dirt. “Now, we’re finally done.”
Mushi continues to fly around the skyline and smiles down at eh shifting dirt. “I do not think so.”
“Stop saying that, Mushi!” Throne flies around the skyline and stares down at the shifting dirt also.
Caim halts in the air waves with her guy. Nightjar points down at the big holes in the dirt. “What! What is that thing?”
Mushi continues to fly around and laughs out loud. “What came before the cave men and women, Nightjar?”
“Ugh!” Throne swiftly lowers the bench seat machine down from the skyline as a giant bony skeleton on the pterosaur leaps from the dirt fusion and then flies upward, sailing over the hair roots on Throne and his girl Sileni. He shouts out loud with panic and twirls the bench seat away from the skeleton, “Dinosaurs, look out!”
A giant skeleton on a triceratops jumps up from the dirt hole and soars through the air, pointing its three-foot-wide bone skull with three separate sharp horns at Mushi. Then a giant Tyrannosaurus leaps from a different hole and swiftly flies in the air, reaching out with its two small arms, closing the tiny hands and grabs the bony skeleton tail on the triceratops. Both of the giant skeletons drop back down to the dirt and land on top of the ground fighting with each other.
“Woo! That was to, too close!” Mushi flies backwards and then halts, wiping off the sweat from her brow.
“Fire! Fire! Fire on the two fighting dinosaurs!” Nightjar grabs a handful of mini-chains and pitches the cupped hand down on each giant skeleton while the two skeletons fight over the terrain.
From the dirt hole, a giant diplodocus one hundred feet long skeleton jumps up from the dirt and stands on top of the ground, lifting its long neck in the air and stares at Mushi, who continues to sit inside her bench seat and exhales with fear.
“Hit it, Mushi!” Caim swings her bench seat around and flies toward Mushi, yelling out loud. “Blast it, Mushi!”
“It is so nice. It’s not harming me,” Mushi continues to park in the air waves and reaches out with a hand to touch the nose on the skeleton bony skull with a smile.
A saber-toothed cat skeleton pops up from the dirt and stands on the ground, surveying the landscape, seeing the bony leg on the diplodocus. The cat races ahead and attacks the bony leg on the dinosaur cutting the bone with its large and sharp upper incisors. The diplodocus falls forward toward Mushi.
Caim cuts her bench seat in front of the teeth on the diplodocus allowing Mushi time to escape. Mushi flies backwards with safety.
Nightjar leans over and drops a handful of min-chains on top of the diplodocus that falls down through the air, tilting his body over the air waves also. His superhero weapon destroys the diplodocus into fragments of bone. Then Nightjar reaches out and misses the dashboard as there is not a dashboard, tumbling down from the bench seat, through the air waves, and down toward the dirt.
The saber-toothed cat skeleton finishes eating the bony leg on the diplodocus and looks up with mouth drool, seeing the next meal. Nightjar hits the dirt hard with a deep sigh and lies on top of the ground, unconscious.
“No! Nightjar, get up and run away! The saber-toothed cat sees you on the ground.” Caim looks down with a gasp and dives her bench seat toward the dirt. The saber-toothed cat skeleton lowers its legs and his bony skull, slowly stalking an unconscious nightjar on top of the dirt, dashing ahead and grabs the leg on Nightjar.
In the air waves, Caim swiftly lands her bench seat on top of the dirt and slides off, racing ahead toward Nightjar, pulling out a new satin ribbon in sky blue tint, snapping it into activation. She whips the lasso at the skull on the saber-toothed tiger, ripping its boney skeleton off his body.
The cat head and the leg on Nightjar drop down into the dirt. She skips over the dirt and slams into his unconscious body, reaching out, touching his leg wound. He bleeds out red blood proteins which will end his hologram life.
Throne swiftly lands his bench seat on top of the dirt and leans over, kissing Sileni, pulling back with a stern face. “You need to leave, Sileni. This is a job for the superheroes now.”
Sileni, she continues to snuggle with her boyfriend Throne and then scoots away, crossing both of her arms with as our frown. “Next time, I got to be a superhero.” She disappears from the hologram game.
“All right!” Throne slides out from the bench seat and dashes ahead, sliding over the dirt, colliding into the back spine on Caim with worry. “How’s he doing? What happened?”
Caim frowns down with worry. “That saber-toothed skeleton cat bit into one of his legs. He’s unconscious and bleeding.”
Throne gasps. “O no! Nightjar, hang in there! We’re superheroes. We can fix you up and get back into the game,” he leans over and touches his arm with concern. “I need you here. Wake up, man! I need you here. I can’t do this without you.”
Caim stands upright from the dirt and spins around, pointing back toward the town with a stern face. “Grab him, Throne! We go and get inside the auditorium. We can fix him in there and away from the roaming dinosaurs.” She moves away from Nightjar, stops, and stands in the middle of the dirt, ripping off another satin ribbon from the waistline of her blue jeans, where the superhero supply is unlimited. She snaps the satin ribbon into superhero activation. She whips the lasso at each dinosaur and breaks it down into a pile of bones that flare and then burn with colored fire. Each pile of bones sinks down into the dirt. “Get him inside the auditorium now, Throne!”
On the ground, Throne reaches down and lifts up, toting an injured Nightjar over his collar bone, spinning around and swiftly race toward town.
Mushi lands her bench seat on top of the dirt and slides off with a gasp, racing ahead, tossing each finger ring at the new set of dinosaurs, exploding each set of bones into fragments. Each dinosaur disappears leaving the dirt rippled and ruffled from the invaders.
Caim and Mushi spin around from the empty landscape with a smile and meet in the middle of the dirt, racing ahead, following the back spine on Throne. They turn and high-five and then fist-bump while skipping and shouting out their superhero victory over the dead crawling skeletons.
The ground dirt bubbles and then gurgles with a loud noise.
Caim and Mushi spin around and continue to run backward, staring at the bubbling ground. Caim frowns at the new sight with confusion, tossing both arms in the air. “What’s happening now? I don’t understand the newest phenomena. What is it now?” One of the blue tinted bubbles slowly ascends from the boiling red tint liquid and hovers into the air, soaring ahead, slamming its blue liquid into the face on Caim. She tumbles backwards with a scream and then lands on top of the dry dirt with confusion. “What is this?” She sits upright on both elbows and stares at the boiling dirt, slowly standing upright from the dirt, wiping off her face. She spins around and dashes ahead with worry.
Mushi spins around and runs beside Caim with worry.
In front Caim and Mushi, Throne races ahead with his friend over his collar bone and whips out his mobile telephone, typing on the tiny screen as he is a superhero teen. He reads out loud for all eardrums. “Okay. The first living thing appeared on the planet four billion years ago and it was a single-celled, micro-organism which was named a microbe. The microbe lacked a cell nucleus but was able to perform photosynthesis,” he laughs. “O! The first set of microbes has been tinted in blue color. That’s what’s chasing after me…”
“Us!” Caim continues to run backwards and snaps her fingers with a smile.
A new musical song entitled Fergalicious starts to sing out loud: Listen up, y’all, ‘cause this is it/ The beat that I’m banging is de-li-cious/ Fergalicious definition make them boys go loco/ They want my treasure, so they get their pleasures from my photo/ You could see me, you can’t squeeze me/ I ain’t easy, I ain’t sleazy/ I got reasons why I tease ‘em/ Boys just come and go like seasons/ Fergalicious (so delicious)…
Note: The true musical song Fergalicious had been performed in the year 2009 by American singer, songwriter and actress Fergie.
Caim whips out two satin ribbons from her waistline and snaps them into sizzling, hot sounds. A yellow tinted lasso strikes at one of the blue tinted microbe that rises from the dirt, before it flies through the air and hits her face again. Then an indigo tinted lasso flicks at the next blue tinted microbe coming out from the liquid water, exploding in the air. The two piles of burning ashes drop back down into the red water. She continues to destroy each blue tinted microbe, so Nightjar can arrive at the auditorium interior safely for his superhero healing. Else, he will vanish from the hologram game.
On top of the dry dirt, Mushi spins around with a smile and tosses her finger ring at one of the blue tinted microbes on top of the red mud. It explodes in an array of yellow, red, and pink colors. She snaps her fingers.
A new musical song entitled Hollaback Girl starts to sing out loud: All the girls stamp your feet like this. Few times, I’ve been around that track/ So, it’s not just gonna happen like that/ ‘Cause I ain’t no hollaback girl/ I ain’t no hollaback girl/ Few times, I've been around that track/ So, it’s not just gonna happen like that/ ‘Cause, I ain’t no hollaback girl/ I ain't no hollaback girl…
Note: The true musical song Hollaback Girl had been performed in the year 2009 by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani.
Mushi continues to run backwards and destroys each blue tinted microbe while more seem to appear on top of the liquid puddles, looking down with confusion at the ground. “Why is the dirt turning into water?”
Throne races ahead with Nightjar on his collar bone, laughing out loud. “It’s called mud.”
Mushi continues to study the mud. “No. The hard dirt is turning into muddy water also. Why is that happening here, right now? What does that mean?”
Caim spins around with worry and chases after Throne, “Doesn’t matter here or right now!”
Throne continues to race ahead toward the first building and looks down at the screen on the tiny mobile telephone. “O no!”
Mushi continues to superhero run backwards and watches the growing puddles of red mud. “What now, Throne?”
Throne reads from the tiny screen on his mobile telephone. “The first living cells needed organic sources for nourishment and found enough energy to continue living while floating on top of the ocean surface and absorbing the acid…”
She gasps. “Why is there acid content in the ocean water?”
Caim continues to perform a superhero ran and destroys each blue tinted microbe with worry about Nightjar. “That’s why the dirt is turning into mud. The set of first living cells lived and thrived in ocean waters.”
Throne continues to read out loud from the tiny screen on his mobile telephone. “The planet is aged at 4.5 billion years old. The oldest material is aged at 4.3 billion years old which is called a zircon crystal. The colony of zircon crystal lived a violent life and then death while suffering from the constant bombardment of numerous outer space meteorites,” he stops with a gasp and spins around to see the dirt field with worry.
Caim stops with a worried brow and then swings around with a gasp, staring at the dirt field of muddy water. Mushi halts beside Caim and stares at the wet ground.
The ground shakes side to side. The water molecule from the mud puddles morph into a high plumes of heated white steam. Each open hole reveals a spherical shape, an outer space meteorite in gray hue. Each meteorite launches up from the open hole and hits the high trajectory below the white row of clouds, targeting the three conscious superhero teens that has awakened its slumber. 
Run!” Caim shoves Throne ahead. “Take him to cover! We’ll handle this.”
“We will!” Mushi touches four of her finger rings with worry.
Throne spins around and performs a superhero dash with Nightjar on top of his collar bone toward the first undamaged structure.
Caim runs backwards and rips off two satin ribbons from her waistline with a sneer. “Come and get me, Roy!”
“A meteorite does not have a name.” Mushi frowns and grabs a handful of finger rings.
“But I do. I am called a superhero teen,” she snaps off the two satin ribbons from her waistline where she has been performing all day. She morphs the two sizzling glowing lasso into red hue and blue tinted whipping the leather above her hair roots, striking the tip in the air waves.
Each scattered meteorite races down from the clouds toward Caim and Mushi.
“Run!” Mushi races backward and continues to toss handful of rings at the descending rows of meteorites.
Caim and Mushi continue to dash backwards and work together, destroying all the meteorites from the skyline, halting in front of the undamaged auditorium door.
Each musical song stops playing the words and the musical notes.
Caim drops down the two burnt lassoes and spins around with a stern face, lifting up both palms, releasing her girly superhero power. She breaks down the set of locked doors. The doors implode and jerk sideways, revealing an open doorway. She enters inside first in the dark, cold room without a window or sunlight.
Mushi spins around and dashes beside Throne with worry. “Someone is going to get mad about the missing and broken auditorium doors.”
They quickly enter the lobby space inside the open auditorium door and halt, squatting down on the floor.
Caim stops and squats down onto the floor. “Don’t worry! It all will be repaired in the morning. No human life form will know that we messed up the doors. Sit Nightjar right here! He needs rest to heal his body.”
Throne stops and squats down, carefully dropping Nightjar onto the cold floor with worry. Nightjar is not moving and has his eyelids shut as he breathes in swallow air molecules. Throne stands upright from the floor with worry and stares down at Nightjar.
Mushi stops and stands beside Throne with worry. “What’s wrong with him?”
Caim leans over and wipes off his sweaty face. “That pre-historic saber-toothed tiger boney skeleton has real bite. The skeleton fangs bit down into his real flesh and damaged his collar bone. Now, his bone and his skin are turning into puke green color. Why is that happening?”
Mushi nods with a worried smile. “He’s okay. He’s just self-healing like a superhero does. You told me that. Don’t you remember, Throne? You had rescued me from the drifting skeleton parts at my residence. We’re superheroes and we can all self-heal. We can heal ourselves. We are superheroes.”
Throne nods with a worried brow. “That’s right! She’s right! I’m right! We can heal, but we have to have time to heal our body. We ain’t a set of witches. We don’t heal our superhero body in a split second. Nightjar needs time to heal his wound. This is not the time. This is an emergency here.”
Caim frowns down at Nightjar. “He didn’t look like he has much time left to heal his damaged body.”
Throne whips out his mobile telephone with a smile. “Wait! There’s another slick way. Call his mom!”
Caim continues to squat and rubs the sweaty arms on Nightjar with worry. “No! None of our moms or dads can help us here.”
“That sucks!” Throne nods.
Caim nods. “Look! We four are living here in tiny cow town of Carmite for a reason. Why are there four of us?”
Mushi continues to stare with worry at Nightjar. His body is turning red colored. “I don’t know.”
Throne frowns down at his buddy Nightjar. “Don’t say that. Guess something! We meet and work as a team.”
Caim nods. “Yes, yes, and a team must have a leader.”
“I’m leader.” Throne slaps his chest with a smile.
Caim continues to squat and rubs the sweaty forehead on her guy Nightjar. “No. Nightjar is the leader.”
Mushi paces side to side, crossing both arms with worry and panic. “Why is Nightjar, the leader? Why isn’t Throne, the leader? Why aren’t you the leader, Caim? You have smarts like me.”
Caim continues to squat and rubs his face, reaching down, gently touching one of his eyelashes with a smile. “Nightjar, he has an innate and unique superhero teen ability. He can see the mental thoughts of a person, not a superhero person. He can see and hear the mental thoughts of a human or an animal or a villain, not a superhero. Do you see his long eyelashes?”
Mushi stops and then looks down at the eyelashes on Nightjar with a smile. “Yes, they are a pair of lush and long and beautiful eyelashes. Any girl would be envious.”
Caim points down at one of his closed eyelashes. “When Nightjar removes one single eyelash from his eyelids and then presses the one single eyelash onto any skin or fur or bone on a live life form, he can read their mind thoughts and see their thoughts in a form of visions.”
Throne laughs. “Wow! That’s really cool!”
Caim lifts her hand near her jaw line. Her hand is filled with five manicured long fingernails that expand one inch up into the air waves, glittering in different colors of pretty hue. “Do you see my hand? Do you see my five fingernails? Each finger is colored in a different hue. I can tear off one or all of my ten fingernails and harm something.
Mushi laughs, “Wow, woman! I’d hate to your personal manicurist.”
Caim continues to point at each nicely manicured, deadly, pretty fingernail. “One represents a fire. One represents an acid. One represents a poison. One represents a bomb. One…”
“We got it. Rather, we see it and we understand completely.” Mushi frowns.
Caim frowns. “The point or my point here, I have an innate and unique superhero teen ability on my personal body that grows on my personal body. A superhero team functions with only four people, not three or two or five or six, only four people.”
Mushi frowns. “Why are there only four superheroes like us?”
Throne laughs, “Because, a teen possesses a set of very unique skills.”
Caim points down at Nightjar. He is turning into the color of neon green. “Yes, we do. The leader is Nightjar. I am…am the protector with my nasty deadly nails. What can you do, Throne?”
Throne laughs with a nod. “I can kiss you to death.”
“What?” Mushi turns with a sneer and dashes ahead, shoving both of her hands into the chest on Throne. Throne lifts off the floor with a gasp and then flies through the air with a sissy scream, slamming into the concrete side wall, marking his folded body measurements. She sneers. “You tried to kiss me at my house. You tried to kill me at my house…”
“Shut it, Mushi!” Caim leans down and touches the green tinted body on Nightjar with worry. “Throne, like I and Nightjar, knew you were a teen superhero among us. A superhero can’t kill another superhero teen. Or there won’t be superhero adults and then superhero babies that become superhero teens like us.”
Throne turns and winks at the nose profile on Mushi. “I wanna a superhero baby with you, baby.”
Caim frowns with worry at her boyfriend. “Shut it, Throne. I don’t understand why your pair of superhero parents didn’t tell you the superhero secret, Mushi. Anyways, Throne was trying to be a funny male and then failed miserably. Listen to me! We must figure out how to save the superhero life of Nightjar. He is going to die without our help.”
Mushi nods. “I mean that’s okay.”
Caim gasps. “What did you say, Mushi?”
She frowns. “I mean. This is a hologram …”
Caim points down at Nightjar. “This is my boyfriend.”
She exhales. “Okay, I mean. This is bad.”
Throne reaches up and touches his lips with a nod, “I mean I have this thing with my kiss. When I kiss a person, I can make a person go into a trance or stop doing something or become still.”
Caim nods with worry. “Okay. Okay. That’s good. Our superhero team has a leader, a protector, a communicator. What has been left out? What does the fourth member of a superhero time do?”
Throne nods. “We need a healer.”
She nods. “Yes, yes, we need a healer to heal all the superheroes.”
He leans over and cuddles Mushi with a smile. “Mushi is our healer.”
She shoves Throne away with a sneer. “No, I am not. I don’t know what I am.”
Caim stares down at dying Nightjar. “What is unique about you, Caim?”
Mushi exhales with worry. “I don’t know. My superhero parents didn’t tell me.”
Throne points down at Nightjar who is turning neon blue in death. “Nightjar needs a healer now. He can’t heal his body alone from the ancient bone bit.”
Caim nods. “I use my hands. Throne uses his mouth. Nightjar uses his eyeballs. You have long silver tinted hair.”
Mushi touches her hair with a nod. “I have long silver tinted hair.”
Caim looks back over her collar bone with a smile to see Mushi. “It is your long silver tinted hair. No one has silver tinted hair at the age of seventeen-year-old. No one possesses that, only you. Her hair! Yes, yes, your hair!”
Throne pulls off one of his cloth bracelets and whips it sideways, creating a knife, leaning over to Mushi. He cuts off a section of her long sliver tinted hair. “Wow! Your hair is really soft,” he sniffs it with a smile. “And it is really sweet smelling of vanilla beans,” he rubs his face. “Wow!
Caim stands upright from the floor and reaches out, grabbing the strands of silver tined hear. “Geez! Her hair is a superhero blanket of minerals, enzymes, and proteins that can heal any superhero body like my dying and blue tinted Nightjar…”
Mushi crosses her arms with a sour frown. “Look! This is only a hologram game for fun…”
“…for adventure. I need him alive and healthy, right here, inside the hologram game. Or I can’t finish and find the grand prize. How is Nightjar doing, Caim?”
Caim exhales with worry and opens her mouth to speak, staring down at her boyfriend Nightjar.
The room goes black.

Inside the darkened Dark Room, “Caim!” the loud voice coming from her eleven-year-old younger sister Yarrow screamed into the space through the hidden speak. “Your sixty minutes has expired. Your lunch meal is getting cold. Your butthole is in my chair. You’re making me late for my school session. Your mom is…”
“Okay!” Caim swiftly stood upright from the chair inside the Dark room and continued to wear the black tinted jumpsuit, cursing out loud, “Dang! Darn! Dagon! Where is the God of Death when you need most?” She exhaled. “I’m coming out with a weapon. So, get away from the door, Yarrow.” She spun around and opened the door, tossing the black tinted jumpsuit with a giggle at her sister.
“Yuck! The suit’s wet from your sweat…”
“….and my other leaking fluid parts,” Caim moved ahead with a smile and entered the shared lavatory bathroom with evil laughter, slamming the door shut.



A few hours later, after Caim’s sister had vacated the Dark Room.

Ground level floor
Outside cold temperatures with gray clouds
Living room setting with warm air temperatures
05:07 pm


Caim dashed out from the Dark Room in the black jumpsuit and slowly raced down the busted staircase with care, and landed down on top of the ground floor, shouting out loud. “Stupid, Wall! Display my total gigabytes from my awesome hologram game!”
She had invited her four friends for another fun musical entertainment session within the Dark Room, instead of studying her math calcs.
The black tinted wall flicked into power and then blinked for a few seconds while warming the cold circuits into activation at Caim in silence.
She frowned. “Right now! This minute would be really nice, stupid, Wall!”
A set of white lines appeared on the black tinted wall without a number.
She exhaled. “Hurry up! Are you sick or something? I have spent and sweated for sixty minutes for something. Calculate my gig count right now!”
A loud roaring sound echoed coming from outside the side wall.
She gasped in shock and spun around, racing toward the exposed window, slamming into the glass and viewed a stationary silver tinted flying car within the air waves. A set of workers slowly climbed down the expanded metal ladder of steps from the interior cabin, moving back home. Jaybow was still inside the cabin.
“O no! O dear! O mine! O trouble!” She spun around with a gasp and shouted out loud at the side wall, “Off, stupid Wall!” She rapidly climbed back up each step and entered into the shared lavatory, slipping on the bathrobe of dark blue fabric over the black jumpsuit.
She didn’t have much time to change her clothing.
She exited the shared lavatory, raced down the staircase, and then landed on top of the floor with a loud plop.
The entrance front door opened and exposed the bright sunlight into the cool room.
Her parents Batum and Jaybow entered through the open archway with a smile. 
Her mother Jaybow turned and scooted toward the row of kitchen appliances. “How was your school session today, Caim?”
The entrance door automatically closed and then locked for safety and security of their family unit.
Caim slowly moved ahead in the bathrobe with a smile and a nod, “Good! Great! I studied really hard today,” she slides down into the mismatched chrome chair that does not match the rest of the dining room chairs.
Jaybow moved into the kitchen wall and fiddled with the cooking duty, spinning around with a tray of food for her family, moving ahead toward the glass dining room table. She stopped and placed a place of pink meat and white vegetables on top of the glass table in front of each family member sliding down in front of the plate with a smile, eating the food.
Caim stared down with a sour frown at the plate of food. “What are the two separate white things on my plate?”
Batum chewed and then swallowed the food. “Green beans and red potatoes…”
“I thought green beans were supposed to be green in color.”
Jaybow swallowed the food and then smiled. “Well, the real green bean vegetable from the ground is green in hue. This is a cloned green bean.”
Caim reached out and touched the bottle with a stern face in silence.
She frowned. “Do not eat that food pill, Caim! You need the nutrition from the food, not the pill.”
“I can’t eat a thing in white and pink, unless it covers my birthday cake,” Caim ate the food pill with a smile, sipping on the cold beverage, burping out loud with a giggle.
Jaybow continued to eat and reached down, pulling out and pressed the remote control devise. The black tinted wall illuminated with a set of black tinted words.
Caim turned and frowned at the wall. “What’s that on the stupid glass wall?”
She swallowed the food, “The first question for the medical technician test.”
Caim gasped, “O! That…that’s great.”
Her father Batum chewed and then swallowed the food. “What does a medical technician perform, when the patient is not breathing on top of the hospital bed? The first choice is letter A: slam a thermometer on the exposed pink tinted tongue. The second choice is letter B: shove an enema up the smelly butthole. The third choice is letter C: slap a defibrillator over the non-moving hairy chest. The fourth choice is letter D: None of the above.”
“Uh!” Caim frowned with worry at the black wall with the test question.
Her younger sister Yarrow laughed out loud and spat chewed food particles over the clean glass surface without punishment from her parents.
Day Three


Cold temperatures with dull sunlight and gray clouds
Home setting of Batum and Jaybow
Private bedroom setting of seventeen-year-old Caim
08:49 am


Inside the yellow and purple tinted private bedroom, Caim softly snored underneath the set of ancient soft blankets in warmth and protection.
Her mother Jaybow was dressed in a blue tinted jumpsuit of hard fabric for her working job. She worked as a medical technician that touched and treated an injured bloody patient at the local medical center about six miles from her residential home. She moved ahead from open archway and softly sneered at her lazy, snoozing daughter. “Caim, get up and don’t get dressed!” She laughed. “I’m going to my work. Please do not miss your class time on the hologram!” She stopped and then spun around with a sour frown, exiting the bedroom, leaving the house and waited on the next flying travel car in front of their house. 
No person owned an individual flying travel car which was the only transportation around the town. Each travel car was owned and operated by the local business entity tarrying workers back and forth to work.
Inside the warm brown tinted bed blankets, Caim rolled around and then sat upright at her waistline, wearing a pair of blue and yellow pajamas, rubbing her eye sockets from sleepy crude. She slid off the bed mattress and then exited the room, moving into the bathroom, relieving her bladder.
She exited the bathroom and moved ahead toward the Dark Room that measured four feet long by four feet wide and seven feet high, stripping off the pair of warm pajamas, slamming open the closed door.
A person could wear their set of regular clothing inside the hologram. However, the black tinted jumpsuit allowed the individual to dress from rags to riches for fun.
Caim entered inside the lighted tiny room and leaned down, snatching up the black jumpsuit, stopping in front of the metal chair and dressed quickly. She sat down in the metal chair and pressed the green button for active, placing the clear helmet over the skull and closed her eyelashes for a few more minutes of peaceful slumber while waiting for the hologram school session to begin.

Inside the tiny Dark Room, the computer app activates into motion.
Caim is there alone and sits inside a curved black tinted metal chair, watching the action.
The first real flesh and blood student has already entered into the current morning hologram school, selecting the music and the character of the hologram teacher.
A new musical song entitled Oh Pretty Woman sings out loud: Pretty woman, walking down the street/ Pretty woman the kind I like to meet/ Pretty woman I don’t believe you, you’re not the truth/ No one could look as good as you/ Mercy…
Note: The true musical song entitled Oh Pretty Woman had been performed by singer Roy Orbison in the year 1964 becoming the number one song within the United States of America and the United Kingdom. The musical words had been written about this wife Claudette as she was preparing to go out for an evening activity.
Inside the active hologram school classroom, in the far wall corner of glowing colors, a white skeleton body frame appears and then swiftly forms a head of blonde long hair going down to the boney kneecaps on the skeleton frame, then a face of pale color, and a pair of oversized red lips. Her upper body wears a set of extremely large set of breasts in pale color. Her waistline shrinks down into a measurement of fifteen inches in diameter. Her lower body displays a pair of thick, athletic legs with thick blonde curly hair strands. Her entire skeleton body becomes covered in a red tight one-piece sexy girly jumpsuit. Her two arms are both long and very skinny with a pair of tiny pale hands and ten fingernails in blue polish. Her two feet are tiny and wear a pair of red sandals. Her toenails are colored in aqua polish.
Then the black tinted metal room explodes into a set of four colorful walls. In the middle of the room, numerous straight rows display an individual glowing student desk that contains an individual white tinted skeleton that slowly morphs into an individual colorful hologram student that wears a unique or regular attire of clothes.
Caim’s black tinted metal chair changes into a dull yellow hue of color. A desk surface displays a turquoise colored electronic keyboard for typing and storing her school information to study off-line after her hologram school session.
On the last row of glowing student desks, her boyfriend Nightjar and her three friends Sileni, Mushi, and Infantalli appear one at a time in the same sitting order, such like, yesterday morning.
Nightjar sits inside a glowing chair of dark green and wears a pair of tan walking shorts, a pair of naked feet, and a white short-sleeved T-shirt.
Sileni sits with a grin beside Nightjar in a peach colored glowing student chair, wearing the same outfit with a set of ruby jewelry instead of diamonds for the new day of school. Her outfit consists of a black sleeveless vest over her upper body, a short leather skirt, a pair of thigh-high boots, and a face of clear face patches.
The musical song entitled Oh Pretty Woman continues to sing out loud inside the hologram classroom: Pretty woman won’t you pardon me/ Pretty woman I couldn’t help but see/ Pretty woman that you look lovely as can be/ Are you lonely just like me…
In the last row, student Caim morphs her black one-piece jumpsuit into a white short-sleeved T-shirt, a blue jean short skirt, a pair of red cowgirl boots, wearing a worried brow, staring at the black tinted forward wall.
The Dark Room is still morphing into the hologram school.
Her friend Mushi sits with a smile inside a rose tinted glowing student chair and displays a pair of yellow skinny trousers, a black long-sleeved blouse, a black jacket, and a pair of yellow and black sneakers, scanning the classroom in silence.
Infantalli lounges with a giggle inside a light brown colored glowing student chair and wears a white and black plaid skirt, a white turtleneck short-sleeved shirt, a pair of white knee boots.
Mushi leans over and smiles at the nose profile on Caim, “How many gigs did you waste, last night, Caim? Did you hit one hundred gigabytes?”
Caim exhales with worry and stares at the forward black tinted wall. “I didn’t reach one hundred gigs, but I got into trouble with my parents last night.”
Infantalli starts to smack a piece of pink tinted bubble gum and leans back into her chair, viewing the nose profile on Caim. “We didn’t cause or create any harm inside your Dark Room. I heard that some teens actually had created a hologram entertainment program that completely destroyed the interior design in their Dark Room, which is very difficult. Then, these nasty and mean and careless teens can’t play anymore fun hologram games. But that wasn’t us, right, Caim?”
Sileni exhales with annoyance and turns to see the nose profile on Caim. “How many gigs did you waste last night?”
Caim continues to stare at the forward wall and exhales with worry. “I reached thirteen gigs.”
“That’s all!” Nightjar leans over and frowns at the nose profile on Caim. “Huh! I would have thought you would have been much closer to eighty or ninety gigabytes. I mean we song every single musical song by superstar artist Britney Spears within the sixty-minute time limit, before the lights went out. So, we should have helped you explode over the one hundred gigabytes,” he frowns. “So, I am personally very shocked and stunned.”
Mushi laughs. “So, I am personal not,” smiling.
He frowns at Mushi. “What!”
Infantalli pops the bubble and then smacks the chewing gum talking at the same time to Nightjar. “I am not personally stunned either.”
He gasps at Infantalli. “What!”
Sileni nods to Caim and talks with Nightjar. “I am not surprised either. To waste one hundred gigabytes, the Gamer Girl or Gamer Guy must engage in a bigger, better, and bolder hologram game. Do you see our classmate Jabdomon?”
Infantalli turns and stares at each row of students, slamming the gum between her molars, “No.”
Sileni nods with a smile at the nose profile on Caim. “Our classmate Jabdomon won a free trip to go snow skiing in the mountains, last night. He told me before leaving this morning for his fun trip inside my Dark Room, of course, that he had employed a team of fifty people inside his hologram gameplay.”
Mushi frowns, “Fifty people! Where did Jabdomon get to know fifty people? Wait! How does Jabdomon know of fifty people? I don’t know of fifty people.”
Nightjar snaps his fingers and nods with a smile. “Of course, you do, Mushi. And, I do, too. And Caim does also. There are three hundred students right here inside the hologram school that attend academic lessons with us, since whenever. A teen student is a person, even if their mom and dad disagree. So, we create a mega-hologram game that includes fifty teens, also. We have five teens, so far.”
Caim exhales with annoyance. “And how is Caim supposed to do that? When will Caim have time to do this? Caim is currently studying for the medical technician test, where I might not pass.”
The musical song Oh Pretty Woman continues to sing out loud inside the hologram classroom: Pretty woman, stop awhile/ Pretty woman talk awhile/ Pretty woman, give your smile to me/ Pretty woman, yeah, yeah, yeah/ Pretty woman, look my way/ Pretty woman, say you'll stay with me/ ‘Cause, I need you, I’ll treat you right/ Come with me baby, be mine tonight…
Nightjar laughs. “Don’t sweat anthills, Caim! My newly created mega-hologram adventure and action and fun game is going to explode your one hundred gigabytes into zillions of kilobytes. After you win a vacation trip to somewhere, then your parents will go with you and have some needed fun. Then, they’ll be a pair of much happier people…”
“The test!” Caim frowns.
Sileni laughs, “You’ll pass the academic test, Caim, like me. After you come back from your fun trip, you’ll be relaxed and can pass the test with ease. Go on with the details of your newly created mega-hologram super-duper game, Nightjar!”
Inside the glowing student chair, Caim frowns at the forward wall that contains the classroom assignment.  “No! I got into mega-trouble last night with my parents by hosting a mega-hologram game last night inside my Dark Room. My little sister tattled tailed on me and my game.”
Mushi laughs. “No, Caim! Nightjar is correct here. He has developed an awesome plan for you to explode your one hundred gigabits, without the presence of your parents, while having some teenly fun. You need lots of teenly fun. You’re really upright and tense and worried and no fun anymore.”
Sileni smiles, “And your parents will never know about your wild teenly mega-hologram non-party game. As a matter of fact, at precisely two o’clock, you would have exploded your one hundred gigabytes and then you will receive a vocal invite to one of the free and expensive paradise trips. It’s that easy.”
Infantalli pops the gum and nods with a pair of open lips. “Yeah, this is easy.”
Caim continues to frown at the forward wall with lines of black tinted words in silence, pondering her future at seventeen years old and her four silly teenly friends, where Caim is worried about getting a paid work job.
The musical song entitled Oh Pretty Woman stops playing both the musical notes and words.
Inside the hologram classroom, the four walls, the flat floor, the rows of student desks, and the glittering students are ready for another hologram school day of study.
In the far wall corner, the sexy hologram teacher in the tight red jumpsuit reaches out and bents a crooked arm with a hand toward the forward wall of black and white information and the other crooked arm with a hand points at the rows of students. The teacher does not move or dance as it is only the lecturer of the school assignments. The alto voice box on the teacher speaks without moving the lips and says out loud for each pair of eardrums. “Welcome to hologram school session number three hundred and twenty-eight! Yesterday, each one of you had tested and then had been graded on your performance with a practice run for a job as a medical technician. The results were very, very bad. Today, each one of you will again try to mark the correct answer for each question that appears on the hologram wall. At the end of the class time, which is four hours from now, each one of you will be graded on the final outcome. To pass the medical technician final examination, you need the math points of eighty or higher. Let us begin with question number one. What does a medical technician perform, when the patient is not breathing on top of the hospital bed? The first choice is letter A: slam a thermometer on the exposed pink tinted tongue. The second choice is letter B: shove an enema up the smelly butthole. The third choice is letter C: slap a defibrillator over the non-moving hairy chest. The fourth choice is letter D: None of the above. The smart students, that did answer the correct question, yesterday, please, do not shout out the answer for each dumber student.”
Caim studies the first question on forward wall with a worried brow. “I got into trouble last night with my parents. I didn’t know the answer to any of the medical technician questions during my impromptu nighttime lesson last night. What is the answer to question one? I don’t know.”
Nightjar turns and smiles at the forward wall that displays a single question. “The first choice is letter A: slam a thermometer on the exposed pink tinted tongue.”
Mushi grins at the same forward wall that displays the same question. “The second choice is letter B: shove an enema up the smelly butthole.”
Sileni laughs out loud at the same forward wall that displays the same question. “The third choice is letter C: slap a defibrillator over the non-moving hairy chest.”
Infantalli giggles at the same forward wall that displays the same question. “The fourth choice is letter D: None of the above.”
Some of the hologram students lean down and punch on their colorful hologram keyboard, marking an answer on the first examination question.
Caim drops a face down into her hands with a loud groan of worry and disappointment. She has many new hours of studying on her own, without the help of her four friends, before her tired and mean and angry parents arrives back home from work day at four in the afternoon.
Her four friends laugh out loud and turn to perform a set of hand slaps, fist bumps, and arm waves in the air for amusement.


11:58 pm
Hologram school classroom setting


After three hours inside the hologram classroom, a new musical song entitled Home Sweet Home starts to sing out loud: Take me to your heart/ Feel me in your bones/ Just one more night/ and I’m coming off this / Long and winding road/ I’m on my way/ I’m on my way/ Home sweet home…
Note: Mötley Crüe had been an American heavy metal band which had been formed into a musical group in the city of Los Angeles within the US State of California on January 17, 1981. The group members had been founded by bass guitarist Nikki Sixx, drummer Tommy Lee, lead singer Vince Neil, and guitarist Mick Mars. The heavy metal band had sold more than 100 million records worldwide. They had performed the musical song entitled Home Sweet Home in the year 1985.
Inside the hologram classroom, each hologram student inside a glowing student chair starts singing the familiar lyrics to the popular song for fun: Take me to your heart/ feel me in your bones/ just one more night/ and I’m coming off this / long and winding road/ I’m on my way/ I’m on my way/ home sweet home…”
The musical song indicates that the hologram school session has completely.
Slowly, each row disappears with a hologram teen student and their glowing student desk as each student disconnects from the hologram school app and as the singing voice on each student lightly fades away into nothingness. Then, each student and student desk vanishes back inside their own private Dark Room. The hologram colorful lights blink off into darkness.

At 12:02 pm, in her real mud house, inside the tiny four feet long and wide personal Dark Room, seventeen-year-old human student Caim continued to sit in the darkness with extreme worry. She couldn’t answer one single test question and the hologram teacher didn’t bother to review any of her wrong answers today at school.
“Our parents are home!” The whiny voice echoed from her younger sister Yarrow inside the Dark Room but came from behind a secured, not locked black metal door inside the hallway on the third floor level of Caim’s house.
“What!” Caim slid off the metal chair and continued to wear the black jumpsuit, opening the door with a gasp, seeing her sister. “What did you say?”
“Caim!” The voice of her mother Jaybow shouted out loud coming down from the ground floor.
“And I didn’t say anything. Our mother did,” Yarrow spun around with a laugh and raced down the staircase with a smile, shouting out loud again. “I guess you’re in trouble again, my bigger and meaner and ruder and stupider sister.”
“Ugh! Stupider is not a word, Yarrow. I hate little sisters and older parents,” Caim whispered and raced down the staircase into the ground floor.


Outside cold temperatures with gray sky
Ground floor location
Living room setting
12:05 pm


Her parents Batum and Jaybow slowly entered into the living room and wore a smile, stopping behind the glass table, staring at their two children, who stood on the opposite side of the glass dining room in silence.
Batum nodded to his two children. “We have great news, kids.”
Jaybow smiled at her two children also. “We’re going on a vacation.”
Caim gasped with a smile. “What! Where! When! How! Who!”
Jaybow pointed with a smile up towards the third level, “Right now! We’re going to an island paradise in the ocean waters. So, go and get your bathing suits and walking sandals packed up. The flying travel car will be here within the hour. No hologram school for three days. No working jobs either,” she scooted around the table and moved ahead toward the staircase with a smile.
Each individual swiftly dashed back up the staircase and then packed a small travel bag for the new trip adventure.

At 02:02 pm, two hours later, on board the provided flying automobile, without music for the eardrums but warm from the cold weather, Caim sat in the rear of the transport beside her sister Yarrow and wore a crisscrossed safety belt for flying protection, staring down through the row of glass windows, seeing her entire home town.
The medium-sized town had been built on each side of a gigantic mountain. As ancient people continued to pollute the fresh drinking water supply, the breathable air molecules, and the fertile soil nutrients for food, the modern day citizens learned to build upwards toward the clouds and the skyline.
A long mountain range had been discovered which contained a set of circular flat level edges that encircled the solid rock mountain. The mountain summit was inhabitable and inaccessible with groves of trees, low-lying bushes, fresh water ponds, and hidden wildlife and it continued to remain a mysterious to all citizens.
On each circular flat level edge, a row of houses had been constructed in wet mud that dried in alternating colors of red and tan vertical lines.
Yeah, the mud house looked funny but it was safe from wild animals and warm from the fridge cold air elements in the high altitude home life for every single citizen.
The flying automobile zoomed at a speed of two hundred miles per hour through the bright blue skyline and then entered up into a set of heavy cloud coverage, blocking the remaining landscape below.
Inside the rear bench seat, Caim turned and stared at row of tall chair that blocked the individual inside, leaning her rear skull into the soft cushion on her individual chair, closing her eyelashes from the dizziness of the fast speeds, where the robot pilot was not affected. Air travel was hard on the delicate human body of flesh, bones, and blood, which was why the Dark Room concept was so popular with everyone including young children, teens, young, mature, and elderly adults.


Island Resort location
Hot temperatures with bright sunlight
Deep blue colored ocean waves and white tinted sand setting
03:03 pm


One hour later, the swift flying automobile slowly steered down from the white cloud coverage exposing a massive amount of dark blue water below on the planet. Each guest stirred from the descend motion inside the transport and turned to view the windows also, sounding with a set of soft mumbles.
Inside the rear row of individual chairs, Caim opened her eyelashes and looked down through the side window with a gasp. The glass displayed miles and miles of deep blue tinted sea water, without a single ocean wave or a slice of land. In the close distance, a small tan colored island became a large piece of land that held numerous tall structures.
Each tall structure contained a tier of sequential larger circular shapes which was surrounded by a rounded balcony of solid rails. On some of the tallest structures, a group of guests lounged in an individual chair on the outside balcony and waved at the new transport with a set of new guests to the Island Resort.
The flying automobile slowed the speed and then jolted to a halt among the invisible air waves, slowly lowering down and then gently landed on top of the highest platform in the world that kissed some of the low-lying white clouds. When the flying transport finally stopped the engine, each pair of safety webbing sucked back down with a loud slurp down into an individual seat cushion. Caim giggled from the tender movement and then stood upright from the rear bench seat with her sister Yarrow.
Each vacation guest slowly exited off the parked transport and strolled ahead through the wet clouds. As the cloud coverage slowly parted, a single individual stood in place ahead.
The individual was a tall and wide adult male with a clean shaven face and bone skull in pale skin, wearing a black tinted shirt and matching business suit. The business suit consisted of a jacket, a pair of trousers, a silk shirt, a skinny necktie, and a pair of red shoes. Beside the individual, a line of different dog breeds stood beside the man, consisting of a Bull terrier, a German shepherd, a French Poodle, a Rottweiler, and other popular dog breeds sitting on its hind legs and sniffed each new guest without noise.
The crowd of guests stopped and gathered in a set of loose semi-rows in front of the male. The man slapped his chest with a smile. “I am Mr. Maker. I am here to make your day and make your vacation fun and enjoyable,” he squatted down on one kneecap and reached out, gently patting some of the hairy skulls on some of the dogs. “And these are my paid employees. They are very nice to children, very professional to each guest with a very loud bark, but they do not bite,” he laughed and then thumbed back behind his collar bone. “There are three doors behind me. You can use any one of the three closed doors. However, the first one is a set of stairs that goes down one hundred floors. The second door contains a single elevator that holds fifteen individuals only. So, you must wait your turn to utilize the elevator carriage. And the third door is the world’s largest slide that lands down into the golden sands here on the Island Resort. This is your choice. You may walk or stroll or run or gallop or go when ready…”
“I want the third door taking the slide,” one of the brave tall male teens with light brown hair and dark skin swiftly dashed ahead from the stationary crowd and then slammed open the door with a gasp, stopping at the edge that led down into darkness.
Another bolder tall and sexy teen female with black hair and light skin slammed into his back spine and then stopped, shoving his upright body down the dark hole, yelling with a sneer. “Go already!”
The brave male teen with the light brown hair landed on his butthole and ten slid down the metal slide while yelling out loud. Then the female teen dropped down on her butthole and slide down also, screaming out loud for fun and fright also.
Within the crowd, Caim turned and smiled at her mother Jaybow. “I wanna go by the metal slide down to the ground surface, too. Is that okay with you, Mother?”
Jaybow cringed with worry but nodded with more worry. “All right…”
“Yay!” Caim swiftly raced ahead and leaped into the air with the first fun adventure on the Island Resort, standing in a short line that vanished quickly. She dropped down on her butthole and quickly glided down the metal slide, bumping each ankle bone and then each elbow into the hard metal while screaming in both fear and fun. The interior of the metal slide was only lighted with tiny bulbs on top of the ride in the darkness.
Her sandal sole hit the soft sand and as her body plopped down hard on her fanny. She exhaled from the swift and scary flight of both soul and body.
A strong hand reached out and grabbed her collar bones swiftly shifting Caim over the soft sand and from the opening. Then a new teen body emerged down from the open hole, landing on top of the soft sand next.
Caim giggled with fun and spun around, seeing the tall handsome male teen, who had bravely ridden down the metal slide first. “Hey!”
The tall male teen with light brown shoulder length hair roots and blonde highlights released Caim and then swiftly scooted sideways, dashing ahead, leaning down and grabbed the next body that came out from the open hole without speaking.
She stood in place with a puzzled brow and then looked back over a collar bone. Two male teens continued to shuffle the new body away from the open hole. She returned back and slowly moved ahead, kicking off each sandal in the air with a giggle, kicking at the soft golden sand with a pair of naked feet. Her nose holes sniffed the salt air. Her naked face felt the hot sun rays. Her eyeballs were temporarily blinded from the brightness of both the sand and the sunlight. She shaded her eye sockets and strolled ahead toward the water, planting both feet into the salty sea, feeling the salt on her tender skin with a giggle. This part of the island contained only a beach sand and tons of small ocean waves in greenish-blue hue.
She slowly spun around and gasped at the pod of scattered tall, taller, and tallest structures which represented a different hotel building. Each building was surrounded by ocean water that licked the sandy beach and was only connected by a single bridge to another structure.
Below the building, a pad of solid tan colored rock held numerous square shaped rock structures and a beachy sand with playground equipment for the younger kids.
One of the teens veered toward the ocean water also and stopped, standing beside Caim. “This is so beautiful. I could live here forever.”
Caim smiled with the same thoughts and emotions, “Me, too!” She turned and smiled at the nose profile on the black haired pixie haircut, pale skinned female. “Hi! I’m Caim.”
The female teen was average height and weight, wearing a black tinted two-piece bikini, a pair of bare feet, a bald head of dark skin, and a dark skinned face with numerous silver tinted piercings. “I’m Blackjack and seventeen years old.”
She gasped. “Is that your real name?”
Blackjack continued to stare with a smile at the water. “No! It’s my island name,” laughing.
She frowns. “O! I should think of an island name also. And I’m your age of short years here on the planet.”
Blackjack turned and winked at Caim, “Too late, Caim! You said out loud your real name, where everyone heard it. You shouldn’t fake your person for any reason, but fun. Now, you have to use it for the rest of your trip. How long are you going to stay here at the Island Resort?”
“A few days,” she smiled.
Blackjack nodded with a smile, “Yeah, me, too!”
In front of the red tinted narrow vertical structure that contained the slide with an exit hole, after the last teen female had bravely ridden down the fun metal slide equipment, a team of dogs raced ahead from one of the squat structure and corralled the wandering teenagers into a huddle, gliding them toward the squat building.
Caim turned and frowned at the line of dogs. “What are those running dogs doing or going to do?”
Blackjack spun around and smiled at the running dogs. “O! The dogs are used as the loyal but unpaid employees here on the Island Resort by the owner. He was that tall and bald headed man on top of the highest landing platform in the world. The line of dogs is nicely trained to run around the person or the parties of interest, gathering them toward one of the common buildings for the Island Resort orientation lecture. Mr. Maker has some vocal instructions about visiting here, such like, don’t drink the salty ocean water, don’t pee in the salty ocean water, and don’t steal the salty ocean water, and other such funny rules,” she moved ahead with a laugh beside Caim.
Caim laughed. “O! I don’t need to attend. I know the rules now.”
She frowned. “No. There are numerous and numerous and numerous more rules. These are the funny ones. But this place is fun, fun and more fun.”
“How many times have you been here?”
“I have visited here three times this year.”
Caim smiled. “Wow! This is my first time here to an island in the middle of the ocean. It is kinda scary.”
She laughed. “And it won’t be your last time either. Come on! I want you to come and meet my island friends.”
Caim laughed. “Okay.”
For the rest of the first afternoon, Caim was introduced to a new set of island friends, who used a secret island name consisting of Blackjack, Sweetbriar, Googol, and Nitrix. Her small group of new friends enjoyed all the island activities, swimming in the ocean water, foot paddling in a boat, parasailing through the air, building sand castles on the beach, eating tons of food, and finally lounging underneath the bright white tinted stars while sipping on cold beverages, until the beach property closed down for safety of the guests. Then Caim retired with her family unit on the ninth floor inside one of the tallest structures for sleep.
Day Four


Island Resort location
Hot temperatures with bright sunlight
Deep blue colored ocean waves and white tinted sand setting
05:05 am


Caim awoke early at the crack of dawn. She didn’t wanna waste any of the daylight hours and splattered a thick coat of purple tinted sunscreen over her peachy-pale skin that was not covered in her dark blue one-piece bathing suit. Her tender flesh could not absorb the bright sunlight and harsh air temperatures.
She exited her hotel suite while her parents and younger sister enjoyed the slumber of the early morning hours, meeting her new set of island friends while missing her home town friends and her boyfriend Nightjar. Her group of friends did not live on the island either, but each one was a guest with their family member unit, like her.
Caim took the usual interior metal playground slide and rode down through the semi-darkness while screaming in both fun and fright, landing on top of the soft golden sands with a thump and a giggle in a pair of bare feet. She slowly stood upright with a smile and strolled along the sandy beach toward her group of new friends. Caim had lucked out finding a pod of friends that shared the same tall structure. Each hotel structure was separated by a flat reef of pretty coral tinted stone which extended into several hundred feet of white sand grains.
She slowly scooted around each child, teenager, young adult, mature adult, and elderly person with a gasp of shock. She had not been the one person rising before the sun this morning.
The sandy beach was filled with numerous guests playing in the sand, the sea, and the sky.
Caim met her four new friends at the picnic table. One of the teens had ordered the breakfast platter of food. She slid down and started eating with a nod to each teen.
Petite, plump, olive skinned, blue-eyed, blonde-haired, sixteen-year-old Nitrix smiled with food between her teeth, wearing a one-piece bathing suit with rose and white colored vertical strips. “What kind of fun are we going to have today? We did all of the fun stuff yesterday. Do we repeat all of the fun stuff today too?” She chewed the food.
Tall, slender, a head of cropped pink hair, a pair of violet eyes, and a tone of natural pink skin underneath a thick coat of matching pink sunscreen, seventeen-year-old Sweetbriar was a male and wore a pink tinted bikini that showed off his tiny pink tinted chest hair and a pair of muscular arms in pink tone. His strong cheekbones glow in pink powder that matches his painted pink-tinted lips. “Well, there’s a sea boat that carries a bunch of people out to a new island that’s haunted with she-ghosts.”
“No!” Blackjack displayed an average height and weight body frame, wearing a nose ring, a lip ring, and a row of tiny earrings inside one earlobe. She possessed gray eyeballs. Her black tinted bone skull without hair strands glowed in the bright sunlight. However, she wore a thick coat of white colored sunscreen over her dark skin for fun. “I don’t believe it. An island does not contain a gang of nasty she-ghost, maybe a set of pretty mermaids, if you believe in science fiction.”
Tall, slender, green-eyed, brown-haired, peachy-skin tone seventeen-year-old Caim swallowed the food with a smile. “I can believe in a group of dead he-ghosts. I vote that we go to see a haunted island.”
A tall and sexy body type with a head of long red colored headed, a pair of amber eyeballs, and a tone of pale skin which was covered in yellow tinted sun screen on her delicate body. She was sixteen-year-old Googol and nodded with a smile. “Yeah, I wanna go and see one or two dead he-ghosts, too.”
Sweetbriar stood from the table and back stepped from the bench, pointing at the shallow water. “Let’s go! The boat leaves in a few more minutes. Run! Hurry! Catch the wave!”
Blackjack laughed. “Catch the plane!”
Googol stood from the bench with a grin and raced away from the picnic table. “Catch these vibes!”
“Catch up, Caim!” Nitrix left the table and dashed ahead toward the boat with a smile.
Caim stood from the table and run toward the boat with a smile in silence.
The four teens reached the boat, sitting down on the floor that contained sea weeds and sea water with the other guests. The boat launched from the shoreline wobbling side to side over the ocean waters.
A few minutes later, inside the floor on the boat, Caim looked up and frowned at the clouds. “Where is the blue skyline? I thought the sky was supposed to be a hue of pretty blue here and back home all the time.”
Blackjack looked up and frowned at the clouds in silence. She had seen this weather phenomenon before.
The pilot of the boat inside the small cabin leaned down and spoke into the exterior speaker to the passengers. “I am sorry, guests. There is a terrible ocean storm brewing a few miles from here. We are executing a sharp turn.” Each guest screamed out loud and leaned over into their boat buddy with great fear. The pilot continued on the speaker. “We have turned around in the ocean and are heading back to the island at maximum speed. Everyone, continue to sit down and don’t lean over the side on the boat. We’re sailing fast back to the land.”
On cue, the sky opened up and the rain waters poured down in sheets of cold water. Each boat guest screamed in both annoyance and fear as the boat wobbled side to side. And every person wearing a bottle of colored sunscreen turned back into a pale skinned human also.
On the beach shoreline of the Island Resort, the boat slammed into the beach and rocked side to side. The pilot opened the side door. Each guest exited the docked boat running toward a line of dogs first. 
The group of dogs ran out from a mint green colored single-story squat building without windows and a single glass entrance door. Then the line of dogs quickly stopped and surrounded each panicked guest, slowly guiding each person into the interior room.


Outside rain and thunder action
Mint green colored squat building location
Peach colored interior lobby setting
06:06 am


The semi-crooked line of wet non-growling dogs gathered and then corralled each invited guest, leading each person into the enclosed lobby room. Numerous guests entered the same room, where the island rules had been explained on the first day of the visitation. Each dog stopped and stood upright on its hind legs and a wet hairy fur from the heavy rain shower. Each guest stood upright and wore a colorful bathing suit or a pair of summer clothes with a pair of naked feet or a pair of summer sandals while grumbling and mumbling with disappointment from the terrible outside weather storm.
Outside, sheets of heavy raindrops slammed down onto the rooftop of each building and numerous bolts of bright yellow tined lightning danced and loudly cracked across a black angry skyline in the early morning hours.
Mr. Maker in his black colored business suit of jacket and trousers and pair of red shoes stood in front of a solid wall of peach tinted paint with a smile standing in-between the line of wet, smelly guard dogs. Each dog sat down on its hind legs and sniffed the air waves at each guest without noise. He nodded to the crowd with a stern face. “I am so sorry for the turbulent weather today, guests. However, we have something that will be just as fun and entertaining as the sun, the sand, and the sea.”
Within the crowd of guests, standing between Blackjack and Caim, Nitrix danced side to side with excitement and leaned over into the cheekbone on Caim. “Here, it comes!” She stood upright and clapped with a smile continuing to bounce side to side with happiness.
Blackjack wiggled her body with happiness and leaned over into the other cheekbone on Caim. “Yes, it is!” She stood upright and stared at Mr. Maker swaying side to side with excitement.
Sweetbriar stood beside Blackjack and nodded with a smile, softly clapping with joy also. “I’m so excited!” 
Caim turned and frowned at the large crowd of wet and smelly guests. Her morning had been ruined by the terrible thunderstorm, maybe the afternoon the storm would clear for a day of swimming in the ocean or parasailing over the water on the Island Resort. She had to leave within two more days going back home, studying for a new paying work job. She returned back and frowned at Mr. Maker, saying out loud with confusion. “What’s coming here? What are you talking about in here? What’s happening now?”
Googol shook her hair and her big breasts in her tiny bikini with a smile. “Wait and watch for it!”
Mr. Maker back stepped from the crowd of guests and slammed his back spine into the peach colored paint with a chuckle. The peach colored wall disappeared and then revealed a lighted room which measured two hundred feet in length by two hundred feet in wide by seventy feet in height. The room possessed six individual walls that were made in glass which did not match the black metal floor and metal black tinted ceiling tiles. He continued to back step with a smile and motioned with both hands to the crowd of wet, smelly guests. “Come inside! Come and stand at the brightly painted yellow horizontal line please! Do not pass the yellow horizontal line please!” He stopped in the middle of the black tinted metal floor.
Caim gasped in shock, rushed ahead with her friends and the crowd, and stopped, standing between Googol and Sweetbriar.
Mr. Maker lifted both arms and wiggled his hands with a grin. “I know that you know. Don’t you?”
“We know.” The crowd of guests shouted out loud in unison.
Mr. Maker nodded with a smile. “And I know that you know what to do. Don’t you?”
“We know what to do.” The crowd of guests shouted out loud in unison again.
Caim wiggled side to side among the wet guests with annoyance. “What’s going on here? I don’t understand.”
The room of guests pointed and mumbled at each glass wall.
Sweetbriar leaned over and touched the cheekbone on Caim. “This is a Dark Room. Since the outside weather is playing in the sand, we’re to play a hologram game.”
Caim surveyed the room with a gasp and whisper. “This must be the largest Dark Room in the world.”
Mr. Maker dropped his arms at his side and as the room went silent. He nodded with a stern face and as his line of different breed dogs swiftly turned and then slowly trotted behind each wiggling tail, moving away from the forward wall of white paint, stopping to guard the entrance wall in silence. He smiled. “Thank you for your silence! I will explain here. This is a Dark Room. Everyone is familiar with the concept of a Dark Room. Each one of your family homes possesses a tiny enclosed Dark Room for both educational and entertainment purposes. This Dark Room is only for fun entertainment purposes here. There are six separate glass monitors inside this room. Each glass monitor represents a particular class of people, such like, infants, elementary children, teenagers, young adults, mature adults, and elderly people. In front of each glass monitor, there are rows and rows of metal chairs, where a group of people can participate in the hologram game. Any guest is invited to participate by sitting in front of one of the six glass monitors. Beware here! The teenage and the young adult numerous hologram games are very taxing for a delicate human body, if you are not in good health. So, I stress that each guest should choose wisely here. Now, to be fair, I will holler out the single action word, which is spelled with the alphabetic letter of G and O, when I am ready, not when you are ready…”
“What does that mean?” Caim whispered to Sweetbriar. He seemed to understand the next step in this process. She frowned. “I don’t understand this.”
Sweetbriar leaned over with a grin into her cheekbone. “Listen up, Caim! Take my hand! When Mr. Maker hollers out the word, go, I’m going to shove the little kids away from my naked feet and elbow each teenage from my semi-naked and pink tinted body. Now, you stick with me like glue…”
“Why? What for?”
“Just do! Or you’ll miss all the fun.”
Caim frowned. “Okay!”
Mr. Maker tossed both of his arms into the air with a smile. Each glass monitor illuminated with a set of capital letters in a unique solid color. “Now, you can clearly see that each glass monitor is labeled properly for an infant and their guardian, of course. Each word displays in a set of great big letters in a solid color. Now, I know that everyone can read. I will give each pair of eyeballs a few seconds to orient your body toward the proper glass monitor.”
The capital word, infant, on the front of glass monitor showed in the color of pale blue. The capital word, children, on the glass monitor exhibited a dark green hue. The capital work, teenager, on the glass monitor glowed in a yellow tone. The capital words, young adult, on the glass monitor exhibited the color hue of red. The capital words, mature adult, on the glass monitor displayed in the color of purple. The capital word, elderly, on the glass monitor showed in solid white hue.
The crowd swiftly shuffled sideways and finally stood in the proper spot to dash ahead toward the correct glass monitor.
Sweetbriar shuffled sideways with Caim and his friends, creating a tight huddle, staring at the glass monitor with the word teenager.
Caim pointed at the other glass monitor with a puzzled brow and a fre hand. “Why didn’t we play inside the young adult hologram today?”
He frowned and stared at the teenager glass monitor. “No. It’s boring. I did that one time.”
Caim gasped, “How many times have you been here to the Island Resort?”
“Lots!” He laughed.
“Go!” Mr. Maker dropped his arms and his body down into a deep hole while watching each naked pair of feet race around the floor for a metal chair for amusement and safety.
The crowd of guest launched ahead with a loud roar and then shoved each smaller guest and young children down onto the floor or into a row of metal chairs.
Sweetbriar clamped down on Caim’s hand and swiftly shuffled through the crowd, reaching the middle row that stood in front of the teenager glass monitor, moving between the chairs and then halted with a gasp.
The tall and dark skinned male teen with a head of light brown hair which was highlighted in blonde strands slipped on the black tinted jumpsuit and then sat down, looking up with a wink to see Sweetbriar. “I am so sorry, sir! I arrived here first,” he pointed down at the empty metal chair.
Sweetbriar sneered down at the blonde highlights on the light brown-headed and unknown male teen. “Who are you, kid?”
“Sit down, Sweetbriar!” Blackjack grabbed and then quickly dressed in the black tinted jumpsuit over her wet bikini and pair of bare feet, sliding down into the empty chair on the opposite side next to the unknown male teen and stared at Sweetbriar.
Sweetbriar slid down and released Caim’s hand, sneering at the cheekbone on the unknown teen male, dressing in the black tinted jumpsuit over his swimming trunks and bare feet also.
Caim sat down next to Sweetbriar with confusion and dressed in the provided black tinted jumpsuit over her wet bathing suit and bare feet, turning to see the active and loud commotion. The rest of the guests were standing and fighting over the middle row of metal chair for some reason. Most of the guest were sitting and wearing a black tinted jumpsuit. Googol sat and dressed next to Blackjack. And Nitrix sat and dressed in black beside Caim. 
Caim continued to survey the well-lighted Dark Room and finally found her parents, giving a tiny hand wave with a smile in silence. Her two parents saw their daughter Caim and waved back with a smile in silence also. Caim turned to find your younger sister Yarrow, who sat with the younger children in front of the correct glass monitor without communicating a hello signal to her older sister Caim. Her younger eleven-year-old sister Yarrow was too busy tossing her hands, talking with her tongue, too much, as usual.
Caim returned back and wiggled side to side with excitement regarding a new hologram game on the largest glass monitor in the world, probably. Her own Dark Room was very tiny like a wardrobe closet. And she was going to play with at about one hundred other teens that were visiting the Island Resort with their family unit also. Caim turned to see and looked down her row of metal chairs.
Each teen was whispering into the face of a friend or pointing at the glass monitor while discussing the new activity here on the Island Resort.
The bad weather continued to rage outside the building structure but Caim couldn’t hear any clapping thunder or see a single white tinted bolt of lightning from the black tinted metal walls without a viewing window.
Inside the Dark Room, Mr. Maker slowly rose up from the deep hole on top of a black tinted moving plate and then stopped in the middle of the room again with a smile. “Everyone, who is not sitting, please, sit down. Else, you must leave right now! Then you will not enjoy the hologram game. Also, please, place a black tinted jumpsuit over your bathing suit or your casual clothing. Else, you cannot play within the hologram game for fun either. This is my old and abused rule.”
The rest of the guests shouted out nasty words and finally sat down inside a metal chair, dressing in an individual black tinted jumpsuit.
Mr. Maker continued to stand in the middle of the Dark Room. The six glass monitors continued to illuminate the same single age-related category for the hologram game. He smiled. “This is not only the largest Dark Room in the world, which measures two hundred feet long by two hundred feet wide by seventy feet high, but this Dark Room contains some very specific game instructions. The middle row contains a set of colored metal chairs. Look down at the color of your metal chair right now!”
Caim looked down with a gasp and rubbed the smooth pale blue hue in silence.
Mr. Maker smiled. “The metal chair in the middle of the section is colored in dull red hue. The person inside the red colored metal chair gets to select the new hologram game for the entire section of rows. Each participant gamer can elect to play. Or the participant gamer can opt out by pressing the orange button while waiting for a new hologram leader or a new hologram game. Usually, within a hologram game, one gamer is the leader while gathering his or her troopers or his or her enemies for the fun bout within the allotted hologram time. Here, at the Island Resort, there are five pale blue colored metal colors which stand on either side of the dull red metal color. Why? Of course, we are here to have fun, to add favor, to enjoy the hologram game. The five pale blue metal chairs represent five co-leaders that support the leader. The leader in the red metal chair selects the new hologram game which will continue until the game leader clicks his mind out from the hologram game. During the selected hologram mind, each co-leader inside a pale blue chair can modify the interior environment within the active hologram game, such like, change the weather conditions or turn the grass blue, not green hue. However, each co-leader gamer must take a turn to modify the interior environment within the active hologram game. For example, one of the co-leaders might change the sky from blue hue to black storms. Then a second co-leader changes it back to blue sky. The first co-leader cannot modify any of the interior features, until the third, fourth, and finally the fifth co-leader has changed something within the hologram game. Why? Because, this adds fun and variety to the hologram game and annoys the leader,” he laughed with the audience.
He smiled. “If you sit inside a black tinted metal chair, you are a participant gamer within the hologram game. For example, the gamer is allowed to change your clothes or your hair color or your body parts, not your pretty face. Your pretty face will be implanted into any character or object within the hologram game that shows through your individual plastic head gear, until you exit the hologram game at any time. This is for safety purposes. Also, if your hologram character is terminated for some reason, then the real you cannot return back into the active hologram game for any reason. This is also for safety purposes. You can leave the hologram game auditorium at any time by pressing the red button. Then your individual metal chair will sink down into the floor without disrupting the active hologram game. I can see that every guest wears the black tinted jumpsuit. Now, remember to place the head gear over your skull bone! Or you cannot participate in the upcoming hologram game. Does everyone understand me? The rules are finite and cannot be changed. Thus, if you do not understand, then you will learn very quickly,” he laughed with the others. “Now, the leader can run the same hologram game for hours, not days. The hologram machine cuts off at midnight on tomorrow morning. So, everyone, enjoy the fun of the hologram as the bad weather rages outside behind the walls of darkness,” he slowly descended back down into the deep hole. The black plate slowly covered up the hole. The rows of overhead lamps flickered off.
In front of the glass monitor, which was entitled teenager, in the middle row inside the dull red metal chair, the unknown male teen reached down and selected the new hologram game which activates the hologram machine, slipping on the plastic head gear, closing his eyelids and then stood upright from the chair with a smile. Then his teen mind exploded into the new teenager hologram game.


The sun rises at five in the morning. The male teen stands upright without a shirt on top of the ugly piece of mismatched wooden platform with a smile and wears a pair of shaded eyeglasses, snapping his fingers.
A new musical song entitled Sweet Dreams starts to sing out loud: Sweet dreams are made of this/ Who am I to disagree?/ I travel the world/ And the seven seas/ Everybody’s looking for something./ Some of them want to use you/ Some of them want to get used by you/ Some of them want to abuse you/ Some of them want to be abused./ Sweet dreams are made of this/ Who am I to disagree?/ I travel the world/ And the seven seas/ Everybody’s looking for something/ Hold your head up/ Keep your head up, moving on/ Hold your head up, moving on/ Keep your head up, moving on/ Hold your head up/ Keep your head up, moving on/ Hold your head up, moving on/ Keep your head up, moving on/ Some of them want to use you/ Some of them want to get used by you/ Some of them want to abuse you/ Some of them want to be abused./ Sweet dreams are made of this/ Who am I to disagree...
Note: The true Eurythmics was a British music duo consisting of members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart. They performed the musical song entitled Sweet Dreams in the year 1983.
He continues to stand upright on top of the mismatched wooden platform below the clouds and above the deep valley of green colored trees and red tinted dirt, stretching out each limb from his active morning while yawning at the bright, blistering sunlight. The current air temperature displays at 102 degrees Fahrenheit. He faces the eastern direction, staring at a golden tinted mountain summit with both intrigue and wonderment.
Within the confide of the active hologram game, the planet was supposed to freeze with winter ice cold temperatures coming from each large open hole inside the delicate ozone atmosphere in the skyline plus the continuous destruction of soil dirt and fresh water on the planet. It didn’t. The planet did not freeze; it roasted like a hot potato inside an old fashioned cooking oven.
The current ground landscape contains a scattered series of deep sink holes, where a nest of poisonous, angry snakes and silky webs of venomous dirt spiders live and dwell capturing and then eating any hungry animal that stupidly tumbles down into the natural dirt pit.
In-between a sink hole, the land is cut with stationary ponds of poisons. A hungry mammal will stumble across the stationary green tinted pond of water, consume the deadly mixture of liquid, and then die on top of the gray tinted dirt, stinking up the air waves. However, the only thriving animal within this terrible world of suffering is the numerous flocks of gray and black colored, very large, very mean vultures that display a pair of broad wings and a long wing tail. A flock of vultures will circle above the dead or dying piece of animal or human diving down for a bite of blood and flesh, until the flesh and bone are both gone.
On top of the wooden platform, he narrows his acute eyeballs through the shaded eyeglasses, seeing a tiny set of tiny moving figures on top of the flat golden tinted mountain summit with curiosity.
He lives four miles away inside a terrible land region which was called LA Valley or Lower Alabama Valley, where land crates, sink holes, poisonous water streams, and the angry snake pits also reside.
His eyeballs drop down and survey the next the flat plot of land which stands three miles ahead from his stationary mismatched wooden platform, staring at a row of alterative stripped red or tan dried mud houses with a silver tinted metal tin rooftop. The plateau landscape is called Upper Alabama Plateau or UA Plateau, where some type of real hologram programmer from the US State of Alabama had lived or worked or died.
Within the hologram game, a long time ago, each educated person had used to work and live there within the UA Plateau. Now, the plot of flat land is abandoned and empty and lifeless from the series of earthquakes.
On top of his mismatched wooden platform, Decktow possesses a tone of dark skin, a head of light brown hair that featured numerous blonde highlights from the bright sunlight, and a pair of aqua eyeballs, wearing a pair of loose pair of running shorts in orange tint, a pair of black tinted gloves, and a pair of gray tinted animal skin boots, scratching his naked stomach with a smile. He tosses the sunglasses down onto the mismatched wooden platform with a smile and then slips on a pair of black tinted gloves over both naked hands, hearing the music inside the active hologram game.
A same musical song entitled Sweet Dreams continues to sing out loud: Sweet dreams are made of this/ Who am I to disagree?/ I travel the world/ And the seven seas/ Everybody’s looking for something./ Some of them want to use you/ Some of them want to get used by you/ Some of them want to abuse you/ Some of them want to be abused./ Sweet dreams are made of this/ Who am I to disagree?/ I travel the world/ And the seven seas/ Everybody’s looking for something/ Hold your head up/ Keep your head up, moving on/ Hold your head up, moving on/ Keep your head up, moving on/ Hold your head up/ Keep your head up, moving on/ Hold your head up, moving on/ Keep your head up, moving on/ Some of them want to use you/ Some of them want to get used by you/ Some of them want to abuse you/ Some of them want to be abused./ Sweet dreams are made of this/ Who am I to disagree...
“Breakfast time!” He swiftly dashes ahead and then leaps off the mismatched wooden platform, rotating both arms in the air, sailing over each deep and shallow crate which holds literally heaps of nasty trash piles underneath his wooden platform. The numerous piles of nasty trash, consisting of rusty metals, tree branch parts, human parts, and dirty clothes, provide a food source that feed the corrosive pond waters from eating away each bottom iron slit column.
Within the silent and invisible air waves, Decktow continues to fly his air-borne body further away from his mismatched wooden platform. He twists his horizontal body upright and then removes a pair of ancient flat metal skis, placing one over each soft boot and then hits the soft ground with each ski, flying over the packed hard soil. He jerks off each ski and then runs ahead, pumping his heart and both swinging arms with a set of heavy snorts. He reaches out and grabs a single long bar of metal, flipping his body three spins in the air and over the metal bar, like an old fashioned gymnastic.
He releases the metal bar and soars through the air, curling into a tight human ball, gathering more speed and then sails over a river of poisonous water that looks truly neon green like mouth vomit. He smoothly outstretches his semi-naked body while flying through the air into a straight line, facing an upright pole of metal on top of an abandoned building of four stories. His pair of gloved hands slams into the upright stationary metal pole and as his body spins around sideways with a loud shout of fun. He releases both gloved hands.
His body sails sideways, descending over a valley of deep and dark sink holes, falling down onto the flat plane of tall grass of weeds and soft wildflowers and then tumbles down into a halt, resting his naked back spine into a fifty-foot high wall of numerous vertical piles of mixed wet green tree leaves, colorful flower petals, soft brown tinted tree twigs, and colorful bird feathers.
The twenty-foot high wall of wet flora and tree parts slowly tumbles down and maintains shape coming from the landscape on the Upper Alabama Plateau or UA Plateau, where each heated air waves continuous cut down each tree branch, tear up tree leaf, and destroy each nested fowl that has dared to roost within the trees. 
From one the previous gameplays within this hologram game, a silver tinted solar car had traveled back and forth dropping off numerous workers, boxes of food, new clothes, and other fun or necessary human and baby supplies here inside the UA Plateau until a series of continuous earthquakes killed the population and property.
On top of the flat plain of weeds and dirt, Decktow slowly stands upright from the wall of dead leaves and tree limbs with a stern face, wiggling his body side to side while feeling for a body injury. He is a healthy seventeen-year-old male that could take a couple of punches within his young body. However, he does not want to be flying around in the air waves like a human ball as a mature adult.
He moves ahead with a smile and slides both booted feet into a pair of new shoes, snapping his fingers.
A new musical song entitled Sweet Child O’ Mine starts to sing out loud: She’s got a smile it seems to me/ Reminds me of childhood memories/ Where everything/ Was as fresh as the bright blue sky/ Now and then when I see her face/ She takes me away to that special place/ And if I’d stare too long/ I’d probably break down and cry/ Oh, oh, oh/ Sweet child o’ mine/ Oh, oh, oh, oh/ Sweet love of mine/ She’s got eyes of the bluest skies/ As if they thought of rain/ I hate to look into those eyes/ And see an ounce of pain/ Her hair reminds me of a warm safe place/ Where as a child I’d hide/ And pray for the thunder/ And the rain/ To quietly pass me by/ Oh, oh, oh/ Sweet child o’ mine…
Note: The true Guns N’ Roses was also abbreviated as GNR and was an American hard rock band from the metro city of Los Angeles within the US State of California which was formed in the year 1985. The band performed the musical song entitled Sweet Child O’ Mine in the year 1987.
Decktow stops and stared down at the first sink hole, viewing solid red tinted dirt only. The nest of snakes and crowded silky webs of spiders are asleep this early in the morning. He slowly scoots sideways through more weeds and dirt toward the next sink hole with a stern face.
Down inside that sink hole, a live adult deer doe has fallen down into the deep pit of red tinted dirt and had broken one of its legs while struggling to stand and then escape from Mother Nature’s trap, which is impossible.
The other thriving mammal on the planet is the numerous herds of healthy deer does, male bucks, and baby fawns that nibble on the healthy grass blades and low-lying tree nuts, making a delicious meal for a hungry teenager.
On top of the weeds and dirt plain in front of the sink hole, Decktow exhales with pity. He hates to kill an innocent mammal. However, he also hates to starve to death, without a belly of food. He reaches down on his fitted waistline and retrieves his metal club with a rubber tail. The tail is made of elastic piece of rubber bound by fabric and is tied around his fit waistline.
He rears back the metal short club and aims at the head on the grounded and injured deer, trying to beat the hissing nest of snakes to the prey, pitching the club through the air. The metal club hits the forehead on the deer and kills it with one practiced hand. The skull and the four wiggling legs on the deer drops down into the dirt and as the slithering snakes continue to crawl ahead.
The metal club rebounds back from the deep dirt pit and then lands back into his open palm.
The force on the metal club has experienced gravity which pulls an object down and then lands on top of the target, the injured deer. At the contact point with the skull on the deer, the spring force on the rubber tail has pulled up the metal club which has exceeded the force of gravity pulling it down. Thus, the metal club lands back into the open palm on Decktow.
Decktow stuffs the metal club back down into his pouch and leans down, flipping the switch on the ancient pair of anti-gravity outer space astronaut boots.
He had discovered the pair of space boots inside a crash-landed ancient flying vehicle there at the UA Plateau and then took them for his treasure within one of his previous gameplays.
The boots ignite with low power and then slowly lift Decktow up from the ground. He kicks one boot forward and as his body slowly floats through the air and stands over the air space above the sink hole. He lifts the other boot heel with the jet power toward the skyline clouds. His body slowly drops down into the sink hole and as he scans the crawling snakes.
He lands next to the dead deer and reaches down at the boot sides, pressing a button. Two individual stacks of steel plates fling out from the toe boot, whirling out with a whistling sound. Each steel plate joins and then expands through the air, slicing into the dirt and underneath the dead deer.
Decktow is young and strong, but he cannot lift the dead animal up from the deep sink hole and then tote the dead weight of a deceased mammal in his arms. The steel plates stop the whirling noise.
He slowly taps the bottom of each boot sole on the solid ground. The pair of anti-gravity boots roars with loud power and then slowly lifts up Decktow and the dead deer on top of the wide steel plate into the air, moving up from the sink hole. He wiggles his butthole side to side with a giggle and as the pair of boots slowly move backwards toward the landscape of grass and weeds. Decktow roughly lands on top of the grass and as the body of the dead deer tumbles onto the grass. He reaches down and lowers the power on the pair of anti-gravity boots, reaching down, pulling out the metal club again. From the top of the metal club, he pulls out the hunting knife, quickly slicing off each one of the four stiff legs and the neck removing the skull. He wipes the bloody knife onto the grass and then stores it back into the metal club, placing back down into the pouch.
He leans down and ties the loose bungee cord around the dead animal body and his body, pulling the cord. The dead deer body flies through the air and hits his naked chest. He stumbles backwards with a gasp and a cough, quickly gaining his upright balance and then halts in place. Each warm red tinted blood protein on the dead deer slowly tickles his naked skin as he giggles.
He taps the boots into power. The boots gently lifts Decktow into the air. He lifts up and wiggles his arms. The pair of boots slowly flies forward toward the mismatched wooden platform where he eats, lives, stays, and plays within the LA Valley.
The ancient motor is only used for a one-way trip with a package of fresh meat back towards the LA Valley from the series of sinkhole dirt pits where the tiny motor is recharged for future use.


06:06 am (early morning)
Hot temperatures with parted clouds of sizzling sunrays


Inside the LA Valley, Decktow roughly halts on top of the mismatched wooden platform, releasing the dead deer from his naked body. The dead deer drops down with a soft thump onto the mismatched wooden platform.
On the opposite side of the mismatched wooden platform, the rest of the teens from the Island Resort have slowly emerged into the hologram game within character, forming a set of semi-crooked lines. Each Gamer Guy wears a naked chest and a pair of brown tinted running shorts, and a pair of soft knee high boots. Each Gamer Girl wears a very short dress with a single shoulder strap in brown hue and a pair of matching ankle boots.
Each Gamer Guy claps with a cheer at the red painted blood over the naked chest on Decktow. Each Gamer Girl frowns with a soft grunt of disgust.
Beside the row of two steel rusty warehouse buildings, Gamer Leader Decktow removes the pair of anti-gravity boots and wears a pair of sweaty naked feet, slowly moving ahead with a smile, tossing both of his arms in the air and snaps his fingers.
A new musical song entitled Gonna Make You Sweat (Everybody Dance Now) starts to sing out loud inside the current hologram game: Everybody dance now!/ Everybody dance now!/ Give me the music./ Give me the music/ Everybody dance now!/ Everybody dance now!/ Yeah, yeah / Everybody dance now!/ Yeah, yeah, yeah!/ Everybody, here is the go./ Back with the pace./ My jam is live and/ I’m best and don’t waste time/ Off the mic with dope rhyme/ Jump to the rhythm, jump jump/ And I’m here to combine/ Beats and lyrics to make you shake your pants/ Take a chance/ Come on and dance/ Guys, grab a girl/ Won’t wait, make the twirl/ It’s your world and I’m just a squirrel/ Trying to get a nut to move your butt to the dance floor/ So your butts up, hands, in the air, come on say, yeah/ Everybody over here/ Everybody over there/ The crowd is live enough for this fool/ Party people in the house move next in line/ Groove/ Work me all night/ Come on let’s sweat, baby….”
Note: The true musical song entitled Gonna Make You Sweat (Everybody Dance Now) was written by songwriters Frederick Williams and Robert Clivilles and performed in the year 1990 by the artist named C+C Music Factory. The song also featured singer Freedom Williams.
Inside the active hologram game, on top of the wooden platform, seventeen-year-old Gamer Decktow yells out loud with a smile. “Guys, show off your dance moves right now!” He spins around with a laugh and turns sideways to face the open valley, jerking up one kneecap into the air, bending down at the fit waistline with the musical beats, standing upright into a spared eagle pose, flexing his muscular biceps and triceps. He twists to the other side and starts to repeat the dance movements with the beat.
Each teen female quickly back steps away from the dance space and stands in a row, swaying and dancing with the music while smiling at each teen male.
Each teen male shuffles around the floor and then forms a set of crooked lines and then turns sideways and faces the back spine on Decktow, jerking up the other kneecap into the air, bending down at a fit waistline with the musical beats, standing upright into a spread-eagle pose, flexing their arms muscles.
The male repeats the knee jerk a couple of times with an individual spread-eagle pose after each move and then start leaping up from the wood, stretching out their legs with a cheer, landing back down onto the floor.
Decktow spins around and waves both hands for the males to exit the dance floor while shouting out loud in a sweaty body. “Girls, come and strut your thing!” He scoots sideways and clears the platform for the females.
Each teen female dashes ahead and then stops with a smile, forming several semi-crooked lines, swinging their hips and arms to the musical beats. Some girls twirl around in a tight circle waving both arms. The other girls leap into the air and spread their legs, waving at the guys with the musical beat.
The musical song entitled Gonna Make You Sweat (Everybody Dance Now) continues to sing out loud: Let the music take control/ Let the rhythm move you/ Sweat, sweat/ Let the music take control/ Let the rhythm move you/ Everybody dance now!/ Da da da da da da da da da/ Da da da da da da da da da/ Da da da da da da da da da/ Da da da da da da da da da/ Da da da da da da da da da/ Da da da da da da da da da/ Da da da da da da da da da/ Da da da da da da da da da/ Da da da da da da da da da/ Woo/ Da da da da da da da da da/ Da da da da da da da da da/ Da da da da da da da da da/ Da da da da/ Pause/ Take a breath and go for yours…
Decktow slowly moves ahead and waves both arms with a smile. “Now, everyone, come and dance now!”
The males and females quickly forms several mixed lines, where the male turns and jerks up a kneecap and the poses. The female spins in a tight circle. All dance to the beat of music.
The musical song entitled Gonna Make You Sweat (Everybody Dance Now) continues to sing out loud: On my command/ Now hit the dance floor/ It’s gonna make you sweat till you bleed/ Is that dope enough indeed/ I paid the price to control the dice/ I’m more precise to the point I’m nice / Let the music take control of your heart and soul/ Unfold, your body is free and behold/ Dance till you can’t dance, till you can't dance no more/ Get off the floor and get a blow/ Then come back and upside down/ Easy now let me see you move/ Next in line groove, work me all night/ The music is my life/ Everybody dance now/ Everybody dance now/ Everybody dance now/ Everybody, come on let’s sweat, baby/ Let the music take control/ Let the rhythm move you/ Sweat, sweat/ Let the music take control/ Let the rhythm move you…”
As the musical song starts to fade into nothingness, Decktow stops the dance and spins around to face the lines of sweaty teens with a smile, slapping his bloody chest, exhaling with heavy breathes. “That’s was great fun! Thank you for the excellent dance moves. Now, since I have your attention. Hello! I am Decktow. I am the Gamer Leader in the red metal chair. This hologram game is entitled Teenly Wasteland, in case, you wanna play it at home…”
“No way!” One female yells out loud with a sneer.
One male teen shouts out loud with a laugh, “Yeah, man!”
Decktow points at the skyline with a smile. “As you can feel, the weather is hot and heated…”
“…for making love, to me, baby,” a second male teen leans over and kisses the cheekbone on the pretty, unknown female teen. She spins around and slaps his face, back stepping from the nasty teen.
The line of males cheers out loud. The line of females performs a soft hiss.
Decktow laughs and points at the mountain. “As you can see, the landscape is trashed…”
“…and looks like Mt. Trashmore back at my home, to me,” a second female laughs.
Decktow points at the row of buildings. “As you can smell, this is called the LA Valley next to Trash Mountain. Within the LA Valley, each family unit or single individual lives on top of a wooden platform inside an ancient warehouse building. Each side of the building displays a perfect square of steel plates, where one or two large circular or square holes has been cut into the steel as a viewing window to see the sunrise and the moonlight. Each steel plate helps retard the heated sunlight during the day and the night. The row of buildings behind my butthole, I had found the warehouse structure during one of my game while I had hunting for food. No one wants to live inside this structure here as it is too close to the dangerous poisonous pond waters and deep sink holes of dangerous snakes. The rest of the LA Valley expands toward the western horizon and away from the mountain plateau and golden tinted mountain summit. So, go and scout around for a warehouse home. Or maybe, you need to go and fight for one!” he slaps his naked chest with a smile. “As you can taste, your body is hunger…”
“…for my love, honey,” a third teen male reaches over and kisses the unknown sexy girl next to him. She enjoys the kiss too. The line of teens claps with cheering for the young couple.
Decktow laughs. “This is an enhancement within the newest Dark Room technology. You will feel hunger. You will feel weak. You will die, without eating the hologram food here within the game. Then you will be terminated from within the hologram game…”
“Who cares?” A fourth male teen yells out loud with a sneer.
“Why do I care? I do not care for you, pal.” Decktow smiles, “But you are here and your purpose or goal or reason here is to have fun, conquer your fear, and flight over the deep valley from here and then land there on top of that golden mountain summit. This is a mind game and a competitive game also. The first gamer who lands on top of the golden mountain summit wins the hologram game and then something much more. I don’t know what the first place girl or guy gamer wins either. I love this hologram game and I have not yet made it over to golden summit either.”
A row of teen males wearing a naked chest, a pair of brown walking shorts, and a pair of soft boots elbow each other with a nod and then race ahead together. Each male morphs the clothing into a bright red tinted flying suit with a set of webbed wings.
Decktow follows the line of teen males from the crowd and turns to see the edge of the platform with a gasp, tossing an arm. “No. Wait! Don’t…”
“Jump!” The leader of the five males shouts out loud with a laugh and snaps his fingers.
A new musical song entitled Life is a Highway sings out loud: Life is a highway/ I want to ride it all night long/ If you’re going my way/ I want to drive it all night long, hmm/ Life is a highway/ I want to ride it all night long/ If you're going my way/ I want to drive it all night long/ There was a distance between you and I/ A misunderstanding once but now/ We look it in the eye
Note: The true musical song entitled Life is a Highway was released in the year 1992. The song peaked at number six on the Billboard Hot 100 music chart and reached number one in his home country of Canada. Thomas William Cochrane was born on May 14, 1953 and was a Canadian musician for the Canadian rock band entitled Red Rider.
The five male leaps off the mismatched wooden planks soaring through the air, over the ponds of poisonous water, and then slowly drifts down toward the ground valley.
The crowd of teens continues to clap and cheer and then become silence with worry.
A set of five female teens swiftly dash away with a set of giggles and smiles.
A new musical song entitled Do I Have to Say the Words? sings out loud: Rescue me from the mire/ Whisper words of desire/ Rescue me, darling, rescue me/ With your arms open wide/ Want you here by my side/ Come to me, darling, rescue me/ When this world’s closing in/ There’s no need to pretend/ Set me free, darling, rescue me/ I don’t wanna let you go/ So I’m standing in your way/ I never needed anyone like I’m needing you today/ Do I have to say the words?/ Do I have to tell the truth?/ Do I have to shout it out?/ Do I have to say a prayer/ To must I prove to you how good we are together?/ Do I have to say the words?...
Note: The true musical song entitled Do I have to Say the Words? had been performed by Bryan Adams in the year 1991. He had been a Canadian singer, songwriter, record producer, guitarist, photographer, philanthropist and activist.
Inside the active hologram game which is entitled Teenly Wasteland, the blonde haired leader on the female line smiles and shouts out loud. “I’m coming to rescue you, darling! Stay there! Everyone jump off the platform with me,” she morphs her shirt brown dress into a yellow and green tinted flying suit with set of orange tinted webbed wings and leaps off the wooden planks, soaring through the air with loud laughter. The other four females follow the leader and duplicate the same flight suit, swiftly dropping down through the air waves, landing inside an individual boiling pond of greenish poisonous water while yelling out loud in fear and pain that echoes throughout the horizon.
In the far distance, each male teen slowly drops down into a different sinkhole pit of dirt and hungry snakes and spiders while screaming out loud in fear which echoes throughout the skyline.
On top of the mismatched wooden platform with Decktow, the crowd of teen performs with a set of loud moans and groans.
Decktow snaps his fingers and shakes his shoulder length light brown hair, pointing down at the valley of water, groves of trees, and numerous sinkhole pits, “Just a warning to everyone! You don’t wanna try that.”
A new musical song entitled If I Die Young sings out loud: If I die young bury me in satin/ Lay me down on a bed of roses/ Sink me in the river at dawn/ Send me away with the words of a love song/ Uh oh uh oh/ Lord make me a rainbow, I'll shine down on my mother/ She’ll know I’m safe with you when/ She stands under my colors, oh and/ Life ain’t always what you think it oughta be, no/ Ain’t even grey, but she buries her baby/ The sharp knife of a short life/ Well, I’ve had just enough time…
Note: The true musical song entitled If I Die Young was written by Kimberly Perry and recorded by the American country music band The Band Perry, reaching the number one song on the US Billboard Hot Country Song chart. The song was released in the year 2010. The Band Perry was a rock trio of siblings from the US State of Tennessee consisting of Kimberly Perry, Reid Perry, and Neil Perry.
Inside the active hologram game, on top of the mismatched wooden platform in the bright sunlight, Decktow exhales with sadness at the hologram deaths of the male and female teens, spinning around, snapping his fingers with a smile.
A new musical song entitled Under Pressure sings out loud: Mm ba ba de/ Um bum ba de/ Um bu bu bum da de/ Pressure pushing down on me/ Pressing down on you no man ask for/ Under pressure that brings a building down/ Splits a family in two/ Puts people on streets/ Um ba ba be/ Um ba ba be/ De day da/ Ee day da, that’s okay…
Note: The true musical song entitled Under Pressure was performed in the year 1981 by the British rock band Queen and written by singer David Bowie. The musical song reached the number one musical chart in the United Kingdom.
Inside the active hologram game, Decktow lifts up his arm with a laugh. “Now, how many teens are hungry?” A set of arms shoots up into the air with a set of laughs. He reaches down and grabs the hunting knife from his fit waistline, lifting it next to his grin. “Excellent! I’m going to cut up that dead deer body with my hunting knife over there on top of the wooden planks into an array of small and medium chucks of meat. Who wants to assist me here?”
The semi-crooked lines of teens shuffle backward away from Decktow with a sneers and then scatter away from the row of buildings, hunting for food and shelter within the new hologram game. 
One female teen frowns, “No way!”
Another female teen gags. “I’ll eat some fruit.”
One male teen sneers. “I’ll starve to death first.”
Another male teen frowns. “I want my mama.”
Decktow laughs at the silly teens and shouts out loud. “Don’t worry! I share my dead food. Come and see me later! Or I come and sing a sad musical song at your personal funeral mound that sets on top of Trash Mountain,” He back steps from the edge of the wooden plank and spins around, moving back to the dead deer. He squats down and cuts the animal, gathering up each bloody meat piece, entering into the small enclosed room with four walls of dull mismatched steel plates and stops. He tosses each bloody piece of meat into an extra-large boiling vat with a large amount of liquid heated animal fat. Each bloody piece of meat will cook into a grey hue for consumption within four hours.
Decktow back steps from the heated cooking room and pot of boiling raw deer meat, spinning around, veering around the side of the building and then stops in front of the outside shower head that stands underneath a gigantic drum of fresh rain water.
He does not bother stripping down the bloody clothes and stands underneath the shower head, releasing some of the fresh water. The sky clouds have not released any bites of fresh raindrops in three weeks here within the LA Valley. He doesn’t want to waste the precious container of stored rainwater. He soaks his dirty body with a smile and enjoys the cold water on a heated day at six in morning while washing off his bloody pair of running shorts, the bloody metal club, and his bloody pair of anti-gravity boots.
On top of the wooden platform, Decktow strolls ahead and flings each limb up and down, drying a wet body within the heated sunlight, moving around the enclosed room of heated vat. He slowly undresses each boot, the wet running shorts, and the wet rubber band with the metal club, gently dropping each time down onto the exposed wooden planks to dry and then stops, standing beside a wall of clean clothes.
He reaches out and snatches a pair of dark blue running shorts over his nakedness and a pair of soft boots of animal skin over each naked foot.
He leans over and slams a new closed metal door open, moving inside a new square-shaped room blasting with air conditioning waves and halted at the rear wall, reaching out to the middle shelf. He pulls out an assortment of numerous small and medium-sized ancient metal containers which contains prepared and cooked deer meat, an assortment of sliced vegetables and fruit pieces, where he had gathered from the woodlands and stored for food during another hologram game. He gently places each metal container down into an open soft bag, until the bag is filled to the top, flipping the flap down, slipping the soft bag over his back spine. He shivers from the cold metal tubes that hit his naked back spine with a giggle of amusement.
Decktow back steps from the rear wall with the backpack and then spins around, moving ahead, exiting the large refrigerated storage room, where all of his cooked food stays cool and fresh.
He turns to face the end of the mismatched wooden platform, whips around the side on the refrigerated storage room, and then stops, reaching out, grabbing a dangling green tinted tree vine without flowers. He jerks on the tree vine as it parts from the dead tree branch, landing down on top of the wooden plank with a soft thud. He frowns down at the worn and dead tree vine, scooting to the next one.
On the side of the refrigerated room, a large shade tree helps keep the storage room cool and surrounds the room with numerous green tinted dangling vines. A healthy vine is used to travel from his wooden plank down to another wooden plank. Or he can walk over the elevated steel bridges that connect some of the warehouse homes.
He wraps an arm around the vine and jerks downward and as the vine reacts lifting his feet from the wooden plank. He jerks his body back down onto the level naked planks with a smile and then swiftly runs forward, launching off the platform and sails through the air waves.
He lands down on top of the new mismatched wooden platform and then runs ahead to control his balance, releasing the swinging vine, slowly moving ahead toward a smaller warehouse shed and then stops. He peeks inside the open archway with a smile. “Are you home? I have food.” Decktow enters inside with a smile and halts a few feet from the burning, sizzling sound, watching the teen.
The male teen wears a brown dress with his Adam’s apple, a head of long pink tinted hair, a tone of pink tinted skin, and a pair of violet eyeballs.
He slaps his naked chest with a grin. “I’m Decktow…”
“I know that.” Sweetbriar sits on top of a stool with a sour frown and continues to press the solder iron with sparkles of fire into the metal piece, slowly cutting chunks away.
He smiles. “Your character name is…”
Sweetbriar sneers. “I’m Sweetbriar.”
He nods with a grin. “Okay. You’re one of teens inside the pale blue metal chair, one of my co-leaders here inside the hologram game. I wanted to give you your character background. Sweetbriar, you had been a good Scouter here within the LA Valley, until you had placed your naked hand down into the row of hidden plant bushes, slicing off the wrist bone from an ancient animal trap. One of the talented and unemployed medical technicians that lived within LA Valley had saved your life. Then one of the talented, unemployed engineers had inserted one of the arm prosthesis in metal material over your severed arm wound that allowed you to eat food, dress your body, and make a new living…”
Sweetbriar increases the flame on his metal arm with a sneer. “This is not a story time, Teen Leader.”
He nods. “I’m providing you with the background information for making your teenly adventure within the Teenly Wasteland fun. So, out here within the LA Valley, the population consists of pre-teenagers, teenagers, and some young adults as each one works as a Scouter hunting through a man-made trash mountain of garage that stretched for toward the horizon while scouting for an individual rusty metal piece. Each metal piece is taken…”
Sweetbriar lifts up the torch on his metal hand with a sneer. “This is hologram game of fun plus danger minus you, Teen Leader,” laughing.
He laughs with a nod at Sweetbriar. “Once an individual piece of metal has been found by a Scouter or maybe a few Scouters, the carton of solid metal pieces is brought to a Separator here within the LA Valley that cuts each metal piece into specific mathematical dimensions that represents the oval skull, a long arm, a longer leg, a flat foot, or a wide hand which eventually produces a rusty-looking multi-colored ugly robot. If the metal piece is too small, then the Spacer would solder all the smaller pieces together for the robot body part,” he points at Sweetbriar. “You are a Separator with your torch hand. After your wrist bone accident, an engineer had created a metal hand prosthesis that contained a removable cutting torch, so you could continue to eat and live within the LA valley. If an individual does not work, then the individual does not live here. The teen community here within the LA Valley must work together and supplied robot body parts for the Boss Company. A set of drones is deployed to fetch each separated robot body part, so no individual from the LA Valley ever leaves Trash Mountain. This is the teenly life within the Teenly Wasteland,” laughing.
Sweetbriar continues to cut the metal with a sneer. “This is the teenly war, little man. So, I have warned you for a second time, Teen Leader.”
He moves ahead with a laugh of humor and stops in front of the metal counter that separates his naked body from the nasty solder flame which holds materials, supplies, and metal pieces with a smile, “Hey, Sweetbriar. I like you. And I don’t want you to starve for fun. So, I brought your breakfast, lunch, snack, and supper for next two days. How does that sound?” He whips out the backpack and then quickly places six metal containers on top of the counter, sliding the backpack back onto his back spine.
Sweetbriar continues to cut through the thick piece of metal with a sour frown. “I hate deer.”
He nods. “And I can agree with your taste buddies and stomach acids more. Maybe, I’ll get lucky in a few more days and find a dead cow down in the snake pit again.”
Sweetbriar continues to carefully cut the piece of metal and laughs. “Yeah, that would be a stoke and a strike and dong of great luck for me to find your dead mangled bloody body down inside one of the sink hole pits. Then I can feed you to the spiders and sharks for the day.”
He frowns. “There aren’t any sharks here on land.”
Sweetbriar laughs. “Have you not ever heard of a land shark?”
He spins around with a chuckle after finding an equal opponent with the new hologram game. Usually, when Decktow plays the Teenly Wasteland hologram game, he conquers or defeats or runs off the other gamers. Maybe, he can befriend his tough girly male and parent with his smart neurons to find a way to the golden summit on top of the mountain for the grand prize.
Decktow exits the warehouse structure with a smile and waves a hand over his brown tinted hair roots, “Have a nice day, Sweetbriar!” He jogs ahead and then leaps from the platform into the air, grabbing one of the dangling tree vines, soaring toward the man-made of trash and flies through the air toward another friendly wooden platform.
Decktow lands on top of the rough wooden platform and then jogs ahead, smoothing out his landing and halts inside the open archway of another tiny steel shed with a smile. “Good morning!” He gasps at the old woman with a head of gray head and a body of jiggling fat. “Who are you, ma’am? Are you in the wrong hologram game? This is the…”
“Hello, Decktow!” She moves ahead and slaps her small breasts with a smile. “I am Miss Blantulla. And I am in the right place. I enjoy visiting the other hologram games. My elderly one is so boring and snoring which doesn’t include all of the sleepy females,” laughing.
He nods. “Okay. Welcome to the Teenly Wasteland, Miss Blantulla. I brought you a supply of daily meals for nourishment. If you need anything…”
“Thank you, Decktow! You are just in time. I’m about to roll out with the other teen Scouters this early morn.” She exhibits a short body frame of weathered, dark wrinkled skin and sixty something years old spending her morning while scrounging around the man-made trash mountain. “Yes, I read the hologram instructions until a teenager or a male. And I do have a special talent for scouting. My old pair of eyeballs can still catch a flash of silver metal underneath the trash heap, where the teens only socialize. Someone has to keep the drones at bay,” laughing.
He nods. “Yes ma’am!” Decktow lifts the single metal container into her face. She snatches it away from his hand and stores the container inside her leather pouch, moving ahead, traveling over the steel bridge that connects each wooden platform, heading toward Trash Mountain. 
Decktow enters her tiny warehouse shed of one room and leaves the rest of the metal containers inside her tiny refrigerator machine for her evening meal, exiting her home. 
He dashes ahead with a smile and follows a group of Scouters, racing over the steel bridge which crosses underneath a deep valley of woodlands and hidden wild animals. He veers toward a second steel bridge and runs ahead, traveling from the main walkway onto a narrow steel bridge, leaping into the air with a laugh. Decktow slams a hand into first wind chime, twirling each delicate tiny metal bird of prey, creating a small tinging sound. He continues to the same pattern and slaps each wind chime and as each one sings a tiny song of both happiness and surprise.
Three individual overstory shade trees hold an individual wind chime that leads toward a medium-sized warehouse structure on top of the new mismatched wooden plank with an open archway.
A pair of tiny naked feet from an individual child runs ahead through the open archway toward Decktow, wearing a set of pigtails in the colored hair strands of red tint, blonde tint, and black tint.
He slides down over the steel bridge and halts underneath the thickest part of the shade with the cool air and least sunlight, expanding both arms with a smile. The three little girls giggle with happiness and collide into his naked chest. Decktow purposefully drops backward onto his back spine for fun as each little girl climbs over his flat body, slamming a tiny hand into his flesh without injury. He chuckles from their tender touches.
In front of the new warehouse shed, seventeen-year-old tall, brown colored hair, peachy skin tone Caim appears and stands inside the open archway with a sour frown, wearing a short brown dress, a pair of naked feet, slapping both hands over her body with fury. “Why doesn’t your hand touch sparkle, spark, shine, glow like inside the regular Dark Room, when you touch each little girl? Who are you? Why am I dressed like a…a…?”
“You’re my sister.” He continues to rest on top of the heated steel bridge with a laugh, forcefully jerks each tiny violent child off his body with a loud grunt and then swiftly stands upright, moving ahead and stops with a wink and a smile in front of Caim. “I’m Decktow, the one in the red chair. And a hologram touch or slap or kiss does not shine, but glows with love,” he winks at her and looks down at the three toddlers. “You are inside one of the more complex hologram games that has tons of upgrades and enhancements which is like living in the real world. But we can’t fly like a bird or swim like a whale or run like a lion. And who are the three children here in my house with you? There aren’t any children within the Teenly Wasteland hologram game. What are you doing here with me, kids?”
The first tiny child spins around and tosses both tiny pale arms in the air, wearing a tone of pale skin, a head of black pigtails, a short brown dress, and a pair of naked feet. She slaps her tiny chest with a tiny whine of annoyance, yelling out loud at the back spine on Decktow and stops beside his naked dark skinned leg. She looks up with a sour frown of fury. “I am a seventeen-year-old teen, who is named Blackjack with my stupid pair of black pigtails. Yes, there is a character for a child with black hair here within the hologram game Teenly Wasteland. Yes, I read the hologram instructions too. Yes, I found it. Yes, I have morphed into this tiny child, you dope.”
Decktow looks down and laughs at the short teen that sounds and appears like a tiny hologram three-year-old child. “O!”
The second and then third tiny toddler, each one stands upright from the bridge, spins around, and races behind the back spine on tiny Blackjack, bouncing up and down, whining with a tiny voice beside their friend Blackjack.
The tiny girl with a pair of red colored pigtails and dark skin shouts out loud. “I am Googol, a sixteen years old teen girl. And I feel ridiculous as a tiny cute child in here. Someone change me back. You can change me back.”
The third girl with a pair of blonde tinted pigtails and olive skin tone yells out loud in fury. “I am Nitrix and sixteen years old, not a two-year-old toddler. Say your set of magical hologram words and can me back into a female teenager right now.”
He laughs at their tiny body, voice, and predicament while glad that he is not a small child here. “Uh! I’m sorry. You cannot change back into a teen.”
The tiny voice on Blackjack sneers with a sour frown, “Why not?”
At the open archway, Caim motions with a hand and a sour frown, wiping off the sweat with the free hand. “Come back inside the so-called house, girls! The heated weather is too hot for your three tiny bodies and my big girly body too,” she swirls around with a huff of annoyance, strolls ahead, and stops, spinning around, sitting on top of the cool steel plates on the floor and stares at the commotion. “Decktow, what do you do here in the Teenly Wasteland?”
Decktow spins around with a chuckle of happiness and gathers each tiny girl within the crook of his two bent elbows, slowly standing upright from the bridge, moving inside the cooler warehouse structure. Each little toddler continues to slap his face and pull each one of his shoulder length hair strands for her girly fun. He enters the house and stopped a few feet in the middle of the floor, squatting down, expanding his arms, without touching each child. The three little toddlers dash ahead and attack the teen male, biting his hands, pinching his arms over his muscular body.
Caim continues to sit on the top of the cool metal floor with a sour frown. “Why can’t my three tiny friends change back into a teen? They are really a teenager in real time. The hologram rule clearly states that hologram character can change their hair color or hair style or teen body or morph into another character.”
Each little toddler girl stops the attack and then back steps for Decktow with a sad pout. He leans over and touches the tip of each nose on each little girl in random order with a smile, “One. Two. Three. Three. Two. One. Which one will it be? You!” His hand drops down and touches her stomach, gently tickling the skin. Nitrix wiggles and giggles with a smile.
Blackjack leans over and slaps a tiny fist into the rib cage on Nitrix. “Stop that! You’re a teen girl, not a baby.”
He leans over and tickles the other two toddlers on the stomach. Each little girl wiggles and giggles with a smile, trying to climb on top of his body for another attack.
Caim exhales, “Enough, Decktow! Stopping playing with the tiny teens,” laughing. “That’s funny.”
Googol spins around with a sneer and jabs a tiny finger at her friend, saying in a tiny whiny voice. “Shut it, Caim! You lucked out that you have a head of brown hair, which didn’t fit the hologram character profile, like my red head did.”
“Yes ma’am!” He swiftly sits down on top of the cool floor with a smile.
“Sit down, girls!” Caim frowns. Each toddler sits down between Decktow and Caim in silence.
He smiles. “I’m here to give you the background information on the Teenly Wasteland hologram game, so you can properly execute your hologram character. This is our home. Each warehouse structure provides cool shade from the heated day, but a row of isolated steel sheds sits exposed on top of a wooden platform without the protection of a shade tree and also exposed to the weather elements. During a terrible thunderstorm, valley below will flood from the pouring down rain along with a series of nasty lightning bolts in yellow hue. One of the bolts could hit the exposed steel warehouse and then fry the family members inside to death. You are my big sister and my three little sisters, which I have never had before. So, each one of you do not have to scourge for individual metal pieces on Trash Mountain but babysit them and the other children inside a different warehouse structure with some additional younger children while their parents scrounge around for metal pieces.” He stands and moves ahead, stopping in front of the rusty, dull-looking working refrigerator, opening the door, placing the rest of the metal containers on top of the shelves. “I brought several food meals for two days. I have more metal containers for three additional days. So, I plan to hunt for fresh food this afternoon,” he slams the door without wasting the cold air inside the refrigerator, opening up one of the metal containers, eating the food and chews with bad manners. He spins around and moves back sitting down on the floor again, swallowing the food.
Caim frowns. “Wait! I don’t understand any of this. Yesterday, I was at my home studying the medical technician position in my home town, because the test will be given at the end of the week. Now, I am here within a stinky, smelly, teenly waste-can with you. Who are you? why am I here? I got here. You were not here. You got here. Now, you are going to go and hunt down food. What do I do then?”
He smiles. “Yeah, I need to go and hunt for food. Food is important here…”
Tiny toddler Nitrix stands upright from the floor and moves ahead, stopping in front of the toy box, pulling out a box of colorful blocks and spins around with a smile, “Wrong-o, Teen Leader! A hologram character cannot eat food.” She sits down between Decktow and Caim, playing with the colorful blocks, giggling with amusement.
The other two toddlers stand and dash ahead toward the same toy box, pulling out an individual toy, sitting back with Decktow and Caim and plays with the item with a giggle of happiness.
Blackjack frowns down at the two dolls. “Someone, go and end this hologram game, before I really enjoy playing with dolls.”
He smiles. “A hologram character cannot eat human food, but hologram food. You will find that your tiny or large hologram body will get weak and tired, if you do not eat the hologram food. Else, your hologram body will die and then your teenly mind must leave the game. That’s one. Two, you didn’t have to work on top of Trash Mountain like the other teens. That’s good. Three, you can help me find the pathway and the prize.”
“What prize?” Nitrix floats the toy airplane in the air waves and buzzes her lips and then giggles with fun.
He smiles. “I have played this hologram game for years, since I was thirteen years old, because of the grand prize, a mountain of gold.”
Googol continues to sit on the cool steel plate and slams the toy train set into each other with a giggle saying with a tiny whiny voice. “No go, boy! A hologram games do not come with prize. It comes with fun and action and excitement while escaping from a set of yelling parents, like mine,” laughing.
Caim stares at Decktow and wipes off the sweat from her brow in silence.
He stands upright from the steel floor and continues to eat the cold food, and nods with a smile. “Come over here to the eastern window! Have you seen it?” He scoots sideways and stops, standing beside the window, pointing at the air.
“Yes, I see the eastern sun rise.” Caim continues to sit on the floor with three toddlers and wears a frown. She does not see the sun rise or the moon lower as she is also inside the Dark Room playing with her friends without studying for her tests which she will be doing when she returns back home.
“I see that I have spelled the word, cat.” Nitrix giggles and then smashes all the blocks with her hands, turning with a gasp to see Blackjack with two dolls. “I wanna a dolly too.”
“Get your dress tail up from the floor and go over to the toy box! There’s lot of other toys. This is mine, Nitrix!” Blackjack cuddles the two dolls with a hiss at her toddler friend Nitrix.
Nitrix hisses back at her friend Blackjack and then returns to play with the toy trains with a giggle of fun
He continues to stand and points out at the air. “Come over here and look at the top of the mountain. The mountain lies in the eastern horizon. Look at it!”
“What mountain?” Caim stands and moves beside Decktow, staring out the open window with a gasp. “There is a mountain.”
He swallows the food and leans over with a grin and a whisper into her face. “Do you see it? On top of the mountain, it is made of solid gold. The gold twinkles in the sunlight. That’s the grand prize here within the Teenly Wasteland. It is a brilliant play. Who would expect that group of lazy teens would wanna journey that far to grab the gold. No teen would. So, the first gamer to reach the mountain of gold wins it all, the grand prize.”
She continues to stare at the glittering summit on the mountain. “Why haven’t you won the gold by now? You said that you have played the hologram game for years. I would think that you would be smart enough to figure out how to win the gold.”
He jerks back upright and smiles at Caim. “Believe me! I have tried and failed and tried and failed over and over again and again with one person, who is me, I, myself, and mine. Then I realized that I need a gamer partner or a set of gamer partners. To reach the golden mountain summit, the gamer or pair of gamers must cross over the deep valley of poisonous ponds, deadly sinkholes of snakes, and climb through the ruins of mud houses. When I reach the ruins of mud houses, I find clues and stuff that have helped me cross the valley. However, I can’t climb through the mud house without someone holding a light source. The interior of the house is very dark. So I need a gamer partner to hold the light while I continue to find a passage through the rest of the damaged mud houses,” he eats the food and chews with a smirk.
She gasps. “Me!”
He swallows the food and turns with a smile to see the three toddlers, who are three teenagers, “Hmm! Why not you or even the three of them? I didn’t realize the Teenly Wasteland hologram game allowed for a tiny child. There must a purpose here. Every role has a purpose here. Every action has a reaction here. Maybe, a tiny child is needed to climb through a newly discovered tiny dirt passage, where a male will not fit. This is the first time that I have seen children here within this particular hologram game which is usual. Usually, a teenly game is a set of teen or pre-teenagers,” he eats and chews the food.
She turns and frowns at her friends. “They are teens, not toddlers.”
He laughs. “They are three smart teens in a set of three small tiny bodies which I might need. A true toddler would not have the mental capacity to find a hole in the cave.”
She returns and smiles at the mountain summit. “Can you really win the game and then collect all of that gold?”
He swallows the food and nods with a smile. “I have read the hologram instruction thoroughly for several years. The first gamer to reach the summit of gold wins it all. Are you with me for the journey?”
She exhales. “I gotta think about this.”
He gasps, “Sis!”
Caim turns and wiggles her finger, her nose tip, and her curls at Decktow. “No, do not call me your sister here! Call me, Caim! Why are you boiling freshly killed deer meat inside the cooking vat to feed our family members and our neighbors for one more week, seven days? Yeah, the question sounds both disgusting and un-yummy!” she reaches up and touches her forehead with a sign. “I do feel weak.”
He nods. “You are a hologram character and you need a plate of hologram food. There are contains of cooked hologram food inside the refrigerator. I…”
“I am going to think about this new proposition of a grand prize here within the Teenly Wasteland. But I am not alone here. I have a set of friends here. Do you need the help from my other friends too?”
He gasps in alarm and then smiles. “One of your friends is that girl or guy named Sweetbriar.”
She nods with a smile. “Yeah, have you met him already?”
“Yeah, he or she possesses a really nasty hologram personality.”
She laughs. “Yeah, you have met him.”
Decktow bounces up and down with a smile. “Yes. Yes. Yes, I accept the help of all of your friends, including nasty Sweetbriar. With the help of additional tall and short teens, we can reach and grab the grand prize of gold. I have tried and failed every time. How many friends do you have and do you trust?” He stops bouncing and leans over with a smirk into her nose bridge.
She exhales with worry. Caim only met her four new friends yesterday, consisting of Blackjack, Nitrix, Googol, and Sweetbriar, but she did trust them. Caim returns back with a smile to view Decktow. “Okay. I will ask them and see what they say. So, don’t go and tattle to anyone else as you have asked me first!” She slaps her chest with a nod.
He swallows the rest of the food meal and burps out loud from a tight stomach, saying with a smile. “Yes ma’am!” He reaches out with a laugh and hands her the dirty metal container for washing with a smile, scooting sideways, exiting the living room and veers down a narrow hallway of steel plate. Each plate rattles from his rushing footfalls. He passes the narrow staircase and points upstairs. “Here! Up these steps, the three little girls can share a single bedroom on the second floor, where the air temperature is heated and eases each child into a sleeping coma during the heated day. You’re going to need the rest, Mother! I’ll be back in a flash of light or lightning,” he laughs and passes two more bedrooms, reaching out, grabbing a soft mint green tinted bag and then whips the bag onto his back spine. He snaps his fingers with a laugh and exits the warehouse shed.
A new musical song entitled Sweet Emotion sings out loud: Sweet emotion/ Sweet emotion/ You talk about things that nobody cares/ You’re wearing out things that nobody wears/ You’re calling my name but I gotta make clear/ I can’t say, baby, where I’ll be in a year/ When some sweet hog mama with a face like a gent/ Said my get up and go must’ve got up and went/ Well, I got good news, she’s a real good liar/ ‘Cause the backstage boogie set your pants on fire…
Note: The true Aerosmith was an American hard rock band in the year 1975.
Inside the warehouse shed, down the narrow hallway, Caim leaves the window with a gasp and chases after the back spine on Decktow with a gasp.
Each tiny child struggles to stand upright from the floor and drops down the toy, slowly spinning around and then falls back down, standing back up, following the back spine on Caim while yelling out loud in a tiny voice.
Caim laughs out loud after hearing each tiny whiny voice from her three teenage friends. “Where are you going, Decktow? Stay here! We need to talk to the other teens, who are my friends.” She stops at the edge of the platform with a smile that stands above a deep valley of green ponds, groves of green trees, and numerous dark holes with a sour frown, hearing the music. “I don’t this musical song. I don’t like you either. I’m not your sister. I didn’t like this hologram game. I didn’t believe you. This is teenly war. I didn’t like being here. I plan to rebel and take over your leadership. Decktow, did you hear me? Yes, of course, you can hear my words over the skyline. I can do it too. I can get over the deep valley and reach the golden summit on the mountain too.”
On the rear platform, Decktow swiftly exits the warehouse house into the bright sunlight and dashes ahead without gritting his teeth, jumping off the flat wooden platform in the air and then stands upright in the air. His body drops down from 200 feet high down toward a set of deep crates. He reached back and grabbed the pouch on the bottom of the soft mint green tinted bag, pulling out a dull-looking red, blue, and orange stripped parachute, tossing the “throw-out parachute” into the air.
The colorful parachute quickly flies upward toward the clouds and then rips open, expanding the silk fabric over his light brown hair roots into a cool looking dome shape.


07:33 am
Hot temperatures with bright sunlight
Shared warehouse Decktow, Caim, and three teens/toddlers


On top of the exterior mismatched wooden platform of the house, each little girl stops and stands beside Caim. Caim quickly spins around and gathers them up from falling off the platform. Their individual hologram character does not allow to them to utilize their trained teenly moves or motions. She gently shoves them back down the narrow hallway for safety and sits down inside the living room with a huff of annoyance, wiping off the sweaty brow.
“I’m bored.” Googol stands beside the nose profile on Caim and slaps her tiny brown dress with a sour frown, saying in a tiny voice. “What am I going to do now?”
Caim smiles and stares at the glittering golden summit through the window. If there really is a grand prize of gold, she plans to win it with his help. She exhales with worry. “Did you hear the words coming from the parted lips of Decktow? What is Decktow talking about? His words didn’t make any sense to my neurons. I didn’t understand any of this.”
The three toddlers run around Caim on a pair of naked feet while giggling with smile.
Nitrix continues to run and says in a tiny voice. “The Dark Room is not only an entertainment tool. There is a secret prize within each one of the more complex hologram games, where a single gamer can win, if that human mind is smart, sassy, sharp, bold, brave.”
Caim frowns. “What kind of prize is located inside a hologram game? I never heard of that of a prize inside a game before. What are you talking about, Nitrix?”
Nitrix giggles and continues to chase after Googol, saying in her tiny whiney voice. “The grand prize could and can be anything that you want or desire. The grand prize is not mentioned inside the game. But I have heard that one talented Gamer won a new mud house. A Gamer Girl won a flying travel car. And a Gamer Guy won a set of new soft furniture. And a Gamer Teen won real meat for an entire year for each family member at his home. So, there is a grand prize and it could be anything.”
Caim smiles with the thoughts of delight. “Wow! That sounds great.”
Blackjack continues to chase after the dress tail on Nitrix and says in her tiny whiny voice. “The grand prize is hidden and out of sight from the active gamer. That’s why a gamer misses it. And Gamer Decktow has been playing this particular hologram game Teenly Wasteland for years and years, since he was thirteen years old. I know for a fact. No one has yet won the grand prize within this hologram game.”
Googol dashes around Caim and continues to chase after the dress tail on Blackjack with a sneer. “How do you know that, Blackjack? Do you play this hologram game too at home?”
Nitrix chases after the dress tail on Googol with a giggle, “Of course not, silly toddler! Else, she would be a sexy teen, not a sissy toddler,” she laughs with Googol and Caim.
Caim smiles, “So, is Decktow telling us the truth here? Or is this another game? Is there a true prize to be collected here within the Teenly Wastelands hologram game?”
Blackjack continues to run around Cain and chase after Nitrix with a giggle. “There is a prize to be found here. The gamer that collects it might not be Decktow.”
Caim gasps, “Why not?”
Googol continues to chase after the dress tail on Blackjack, saying in her tiny whiny voice, “Because, numerous teens love their hologram games better than their mama. And there are other teens, like Decktow, who have come closer to finding that hidden cavern passage way too, but ain’t found it yet.”
Caim exhales. “Should we help him? Shall we try to reach the summit mountain of gold?”
“Yeah!” Blackjack continues to run with a giggle.
“Okay!” Nitrix continues chase after Googol with a smile.
“Sure!” Googol continues to run after Blackjack with a grin. “And we need to include our friend Sweetbriar.”
Caim nods with a smile. “Yes, of course!”
Blackjack stops suddenly with a laugh. Nitrix and Googol together slam into the back spine on an upright Blackjack, giggling with fun. Then three girls fall down and land on top of the floor, rolling around with laughter.
Nitrix pulls away from the huddle and stands upright with a sad pout. “I’m bored. What do I do now?”
“We dance.” Blackjack snaps her fingers and dances with a giggle.
A new musical song entitled U Can’t Touch This sings out loud: Can’t touch this/ Can’t touch this/ Can’t touch this (oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh)/ Can’t touch this (oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh)/ My-my-my-my music makes me so hard makes me say oh my Lord/ Thank you for blessing me with a mind to rhyme and two hype feet/ That’s good when you know you’re down/ A super dope homeboy from the Oaktown/ And I’m known as such/ And this is a beat uh u can’t touch/ I told you homeboy u can’t touch this/ Yeah that's how we're living and you know u can’t touch this/ Look in my eyes man u can’t touch this/ You know let me bust the funky lyrics u can’t touch this/ Fresh new kicks and pants/ You got it like that now you know you wanna dance/ So move out of your seat/ And get a fly girl and catch this beat…
Note: The true musical song entitled U Can’t Touch This was co-written, produced, and performed by musical singer MC Hammer from his 1990 record album. The track was considered to be his signature song and was his most successful single.
Inside the warehouse shed, on the soft cool steel metal floor, the three female toddlers dance with a set of giggles and smiles around a stationary Caim as Caim continues to sweat in the heat and smile at the golden summit on the mountain through the open window inside the living room setting with her personal selfish mental thoughts.


UA Plateau location
08:44 am
Hot temperatures with bright sunlight


In the air waves, flying over the scattered numerous sinkhole pits, seventeen-year-old Decktow slowly descends down toward the flat soil of red dirt in a flat-flying parachute flight, not a head-down parachute jumping dive or a freestyle parachute jump. He lifts up both hands and grabs each toggle devise near his ear, quickly maneuvering his parachute toward a flat plot of dirt and then lands while literally walking over the soft soil.
He rolls down onto the dirt and stands upright on one kneecap, quickly dragging the expanded parachute silk fabric toward his naked chest. If a light or brisk wind catches the exposed parachute, Decktow would be quickly pulls off the safe turf of dirt and then down into one of the poisonous ponds while dying instantly. He rapidly gathers the expanded chute and rolls the fabric back into the bag. He would re-pack the parachute fabric properly later tonight, after returning back home from his treasure hunt.
He slowly stands upright and whips the parachute bag back onto his back spine, jogging toward an upright red tinted pole that swayed vertical side to side in the soft dirt, reaching out and grabs the pole with one gloved hand.
From another previous Teenly Wasteland gameplay, the long, flexible pole of twenty feet had come from an exterior side wall panel on one of the damaged mud houses during an earthquake a couple of years ago. Decktow had spotted a pile of shiny and dull house debris and then climbed down the valley floor, carefully maneuvering around each sink hole, every poisonous pond and then finally climbed the dirt wall. The treasure hunt had been a dangerous and fun adventure, yielding numerous new presents, such as, the anti-gravity boots, new pairs of running shorts, three pairs of soft high-knee boots, and boxes of food.
Within your personal hologram game, the gamer can collect, store, and use any item that he or she has collected from a previous game play within the current hologram setting.
On top of the dirt plain, Decktow places the flexible pole over a collar bone and swiftly races ahead, puffing out a set of minty breaths toward a short walking bridge which was made of fresh tree branches, chunks of plant bushes, and several colorful flower petals.
Decktow stabs the sharp end of the pole down into the soft dirt and vaults through the naked air waves, releasing his hands, flying over the short damaged bridge, and then lands on top of the flat plot of land on his butthole. His body skids to a halt on top of the weeds and as he laughs and hoots with his tiny victory.
He slowly stands upright from the grass and dashes ahead with a smile, ripping off the parachute bag, tossing the item down into the weeds. No other teen ventures out this far from their home warehouse shed. He wipes off the dirt from his body and then stops, standing in front the last damaged mud house.
From a previous Teenly Wasteland gameplay, the latest earthquake within the hologram game had shaken a row of mud houses side to side and then each house had collided together. Then each front entrance had collapsed the entrance door and the living room into one big mess inside each interior room. And each family unit had been died and as each dead body continued to rest between a mass stack of tan colored large boulders from the mountain plateau and falling ruins from broken wooden planks and tumbling mud walls while sometimes smelling with a bad odor.
However, the last mud house had exhibited a small open crawl space which was large enough for an upright walking two years old toddler or a folded curious teenager to enter into the damaged interior. Decktow had been curious and entered into the dark room, finding mostly broken massive rock boulders and broken pieces of walls on the floor. The staircase had been damaged also. But the second level floor had remained intact and blocked by a high wall of rock pieces and broken lumber.
At 08:47 am, in front of the sixty-first damaged mud house on the damaged city street that contains hundred homes, Decktow stands and smiles at the front of the damaged house, softly snapping the gloved fingers.
A new musical song entitled Beth starts to sing out loud: Beth, I hear you calling/ But I can’t come home right now/ Me and boys are playing/ and we just can’t find the sound/ Just a few more hours/ And I’ll be back home to you/ I think I hear them calling/ Beth, what can I do…”
Note: The true musical song entitled Beth was performed by the musical band Kiss in the year 1976 and written by the drummer Peter Criss.
Decktow slowly squats down on his kneecaps and carefully wiggles through the small crawl space, feeling the smooth particles and a few new jagged rock pieces on his naked skin. Over the years, time and gravity has reduced shifted the crawl space and drops down more broken pieces of rock and mud component. This might be the last time Decktow can enter into this particular damaged mud house, without getting his hologram body terminated.
Once a hologram person is terminated inside the active game, the real human gamer has to wait a long twenty-four grueling hours before entering the same hologram game as another successful and smarter gamer continues ahead for the grand prize.
Decktow stands upright from the uneven floor of rocks and mud chucks, reaching out, grabbing the first smooth rock ledge with his gloved hand, slowly climbing up the wall with both gloves and feet. He reaches up and hauls his body over the smooth wall, slowly standing upright from the rough and uneven floor, exhaling with the strenuous exercise. He slowly moves ahead with a set of heavy grunts, stops, and stands with a smile in front of the closed metal door, reaching out, opening the door. A Dark Room appears housing four walls, a metal floor, a metal ceiling, and a single metal chair all in midnight black, without the bright outer space stars, except for a tiny bit of dull light coming through the open archway between the upright body on Decktow.
The musical song entitled Beth continues to sing out loud inside the active hologram game which is entitled Teenly Wasteland: You say you feel so empty/ That our house just ain’t our home/ I’m always somewhere else/ And you’re always there alone/ Just a few more hours/ And I’ll be back home to you/ I think I hear them calling/ Beth, what can I do…”
The proper operation within any Dark Room has to be pit black hue. Else, the colorful hologram game app does not work, when a tiny touch of a bright sunlight ray or an artificial lamp flick interferes with the sensitive computer app.
Decktow continues to stand in place and as his pair of eyeballs adjusts to the semi-darkness from the bright outdoors sunlight. He removes his pair of thick gloves and places the item down into the side pouch on his running shorts, moving ahead and then sharply turns to face the side metal wall.
He slowly stretches upward with a pair of naked finger pads and reaches out, hugging the smooth metal wall that had not been damaged during the earthquake. He carefully scoots across the metal wall and hugs the cold metal into his parted lips, wishing it was a female pair of lips. Or the pair of pink tinted lips on his new gamer partner Caim. He stretches upward with a pair of naked finger pads and searches for a tiny crack within the metal wall.
A single but long row of damaged mud houses rest within the mountainside that is directly below the golden tinted summit peak. Each rooftop is too damaged and too short for Decktow to jump his tall body from the edge of a broken roof and then safety land inside one of the healthy tree branch, trying to climb up toward the summit peak. And each tree that grows within the mountain side is too high to reach from the ground also. So, there must be a secretly hidden passage way inside one of the Dark Rooms that has been damaged by the earthquake. Decktow must find that particular damaged Dark Room among the row of houses and then he will finally capture the grand prize of gold within the Teenly Wasteland hologram game.
So far, he has completed and inspected over half of the damaged mud houses on the mountain side. Each Dark Room is intact and complete, without damage, but that contributes to the construction of both steel and metal components.
He slowly turns the wall corner and continues to tenderly hug the cold side metal wall, hitting the new wall corner, hearing the music. He scoots down the wall until one boot toe slams into the stationary object, the Dark Room metal chair.
Usually, a Dark Room contains only a single metal chair inside a private house. the expense of a Dark Room construction is beyond a family’s budget, but each mud house is supplies with a built-in Dark Room, which is the size of personal wardrobe closet for one gamer at a time.
The Dark Room here measures ten foot in length by ten feet in wide by seven feet in height, where one gamer can play and enjoy any type of hologram game. Or an ambitious Gamer Guy can inspect the small darkened room inch by inch within an hour for the hidden passageway to the pot of gold.
He scoots around the metal chair and slowly touches the smooth metal wall and carefully slides across the metal floor using the tiny ray of sunlight and his acute eyeballs while searching for a crack in metal.
His foot hits an object and then kicks one of the black tinted jumpsuits away from his pathway. He has almost finished searching this intact Dark Room and turns the last wall corner, slowly hugging the cold side metal wall, kissing the metal with his lips.
Then Dark Room setting inside the damaged mud house goes completely pitch black dark.


Island Resort location
Dark Room setting
Outside weather rain and thunder
08:08 am


On the Island Resort, inside the Dark Room, Decktow continued to sit inside the red tinted metal chair and opened his eyelids with a gasp, swiftly standing upright from the chair, seeing only darkness of black with worry and wonderment.
Besides Decktow, Sweetbriar opened his eyelids and gasped in panic, swiftly standing upright from his pale blue chair with a smile, sliding toward the side, violently shoving Decktow from the red chair and then sat back down in the new chair with an evil laugh.
Decktow slowly twirled around in the darkness and hit one of the extended metal arms, sitting back down in the chair, exhaling with annoyance.
The voice of Mr. Maker shouted out loud within the darkness of the large room, where most of the guests were crying or screaming or yelling in panic. “Everyone, stay seated. Do not move! The overhead lamps are coming on in three…two…one.” The embedded row of artificial lamps kicked on.
In front of the glass monitor with the capital word, teenager, Caim continued to sit inside her pale blue metal chair and looked over with a gasp to see the cheekbone bone on Decktow and then the nose profile on Sweetbriar.
Inside the dull red metal chair, Sweetbriar bounced up and down with happiness as he was the new leader of the teens. His personal band of rebels including Blackjack, Googol, Nitrix, and Caim still occupied the four co-leaders chair.
Now, Decktow sat inside one of the pale blue chair as one of the new co-leaders, instead of leader. He leaned down with a sneer into the cheekbone on Sweetbriar. “I told you the secret of the Teenly Wasteland…”
“I don’t believe in secrets or prizes or dungeons or dummies. Get back, Jack! I’m the new leader here,” he looked down and examined the console of buttons. “I just need to figure out which new hologram game I wanna play.”
Decktow sat back and exhaled with annoyance, staring at the glass monitor with a sour frown in silence.
Caim wiggled with pity and leaned over with a smile into the cheekbone on Decktow, “I’m sorry. Here, on the Island Resort, every player is not love, but war!” she sat back with a smile and stared at the glass monitor with the capital word, teenager.
Blackjack leaned over and bad breathed into the cheekbone on Sweetbriar. “Pick…”
“Shut it, Blackjack!” Sweetbriar smiled down at the console of buttons.
On top of the floor, in the middle of the room, Mr. Maker stood upright and continues to hold both arms in the air, saying with a stern face to each guest. “I am so sorry here. The terrible ocean storm has not quit but has kicked up a series of bolts of lightning. One of the bolts hit the sand below and another bolt of lightning hit the expanded power line that ran through this building. However, the power shut down for our safety. So, the active hologram game for your hologram person has died. So, the leader can punch the same hologram gamer which will start and continue at the exact spot. Or the leader can select a new hologram game for more fun. Everyone, sit down! Get ready! Set! Go!” He slowly descended back down into the deep hole for safety.
In front of the black glass monitor with the capital word, teenager, Sweetbriar leaned down with a smile. “I’m leader. I pick…” He pressed the purple button and activated the hologram machine. “Everyone, don’t hold on and get ready for a bumpy ride. Yeehaw!” He slipped on the plastic head gear, closing his eyelids, leaning down over his kneecaps with a soft growl.
Then his teenly mind exploded into the new teenager hologram setting.


Unknown time and unknown place, the sun is bright. The skyline is pale blue. Sweetbriar leans over a black tinted motorcycle with a smile, staring at a smooth paved roadway of solid black hue. On each side of the paved black road, a field of colorful daisies in yellow and a grove of tall shade trees on the other side. He grins. “I picked out a great hologram adventure here. Our only new fun purpose here is to ride the motorcycle over the rough terrain, without falling off. However, if you fall off, then you get back on and continue riding. This is an augmented reality. I don’t get hurt. You don’t get hurt. She doesn’t get hurt…”
Caim appears and then drops down onto the hard surface with a loud yelp, standing upright from the ground, rubbing her fanny with a sour frown.
Blackjack appears and leans over onto a new shiny black tinted motorcycle, turning with a worried brow to view the nose profile on Caim. “You must follow the vocal instructions from the leader, Caim. Sweetbriar said to lean over to the new hologram game.”
“Yeah, I gotta remember that one for my butthole.” Caim climbs onto the machine and surveys the smooth black paint and real engine. “A motorcycle,” she rocks back and forth on the machine. “I have never ridden or touched or smelled or sneezed on a motorcycle machine in my life. I have seen a picture of a motorcycle inside a digital book either.”
Blackjack frowns. “Caim, we have never ridden inside a flying car either. We live through the Dark Room and create and abuse our mental fantasies in here.”
Googol sits on top of a new shiny black tinted motorcycle also with a frown. “What does a motorcycle look like?”
Sweetbriar smiles with a nod. “Come on, Caim! You’re the new kid on the block here. Create a colorful jumpsuit over that one-piece black jumpsuit which will protect your body. You are the real human here.”
Caim leans over the black motorcycle and closes her eyelids, mentally creating a one-piece glittering jumpsuit. Her suit glows in a lavender tone.
Nitrix sits and smiles on top of a black motorcycle with a nod, “Very nice, Caim!” She creates a sky blue glittering one-piece motorcycle jumpsuit over her black tinted jumpsuit.
Sweetbrier creates and then glows in pink hue on his personal motorcycle one-piece jumpsuit.
Blackjack is tinted in a bright red motorcycle jumpsuit.
Googol is colored in a mint green one-piece motorcycle outfit.
Sweetbriar smiles, “Next, place your plastic helmet over your face and created a matching helmet. I think since we are performing a more dangerous…
“Dangerous!” Caim gasps.
Sweetbriar sits and smiles, “Look! You move or ride or dance or fly through the air which increases the live action here inside the Dark Room for fun and adventure. That’s why you can’t get out of the parking spot, Caim. You need to suck up more air molecules and move your body and our bodies around here inside your Dark Room.”
Each other Island Resort teen appears and drops down onto the hard pavement or leans over onto a new shiny black motorcycle also. Each teen creates a matching safety helmet.
In front of the pack of cycles, Sweetbriar laughs and creates a pink tinted helmet with a set of cat ear points. “We have plenty of time to create an awesome hologram.”
Googol turns and frowns at his pink tinted helmet. “What are these two upright things on top of your motorcycle helmet, Sweetbriar?”
He reaches up and touches the soft items with a smile. “A pair of soft but firm kitten ear points. I mentioned before you must create more than a single outfit and move around to waste your gigabytes.”
“I like.” Blackjack creates a pair of flapping devil horns on top of her red tinted helmet.
“I love.” Googol creates a set of giraffe ears with two horns in mint green with a giggle.
“I’m bigger.” Nitrix produces a matching flapping big elephant ear on each side of her sky blue helmet.
“I’m cutest!” Caim exhibits a pair of lavender wolf ears on top her lavender helmet with a smile.
Sweetbriar nods. “Now, create a new colorful motorcycle first, Caim.”
Caim turns and gasps at Blackjack. “What! Why?”
Sweetbriar frowns. “How, that is the question to ask here. We’re only burning words. Create your lovely selfless person a colorful motorcycle like the other teens and us! Then we ride through the heavens and use all of her gigabits,” laughing.
Caim slides back from the handle bars and then leans down, creating a glittering lavender-tinted motorcycle machine. The motorcycle machine possesses two black tinted wheels. Each is covered with a lavender finder. A white banana-shaped curved seat and a pair of black tinted handle bars without sound or movement.
Sweetbriar spins around and waves an arm in the air at the other teens. “Now, I am first in the vertical line. I have played a hologram motorcycle before, so I will lead in the hologram…”
Blackjack spins around and scoots sideway while frowning at his pink tinted butthole. “Why are you the boss and bossy?”
Googol spins around and scoots in the opposite direction while sneering at his pink tinted butthole too. “How can you do this or that, Sweetbriar?”
Sweetbriar nods to the black forward wall. “I am the hostess with the mostess here,” he laughs. “Then each friend can add any new item or provide an additional layer within the new hologram program. This is why each one of use wears a black jumpsuit, so we can interact with the active hologram. You need to the sideways, frontal, and backwards air space to ride the cycle. Everyone move!” 
The gamer leader and four co-leaders on a motorcycle stand within a semi-crooked vertical line but not directly behind each other.
Sweetbriar leans down with a smile.” You are to assume this pose for your newly created motorcycle.”
“Why, Briar Patch?” Blackjack frowns.
He frowns. “I see I need to remind here again, for the motorcycle race, of course.”
Caim gasps on top of her motorcycle. “What motorcycle race?”
He exhales with annoyance and poses on the floor. “You must move or dance or ride around faster and swiftly here inside the Dark Room. Is everyone finished annoying me? Are we ready to roll? Is everyone sitting on top of a motorcycle?”
“Yeah!” Blackjack smiles on top of her red tinted motorcycle.
“Yes!” Googol sits on top of her mint green cycle.
Caim frowns with worry on top of her lavender machine, “Okay!”
Nitrix laughs and sits on top of her sky blue motorcycle, “Yup!”
Sweetbriar lifts up and waves his hand with a smile.
The Dark Room changes scenery.
The black floor displays a flat red dirt ground underneath the two wheels on each motorcycle. On each side of the dirt road, a thicket of woodlands of tall shade trees, rows of short plant bushes, pods of wildflowers. The black metal ceiling exhibits into a pale blue skyline with a yellow sunshine and scattered white clouds. The weather is cool as it is inside the Dark Room environment.
Caim looks up and gasps at the new environment. “How did you do that, Sweetbriar?”
Sweetbriar sits on top of his pink tinted motorcycle and revs the engine with a sour frown, staring at the long winding red tinted flat dirt road, speaking through the microphone inside the helmet. “I told you before, sweet-tart. I am the Lead Gamer, so I can add any layer or object into the current hologram program. This is my personal favor of fun. And you can hear my words, because we have a microphone inside the helmet too. Are we ready to roll? Gimme a roll call!”
“Yeah!” Blackjack smiles on top of her red tinted motorcycle.
“Yes!” Googol sits on top of her mint green cycle.
Caim frowns with worry on top of her lavender machine, “Okay!”
Nitrix laughs and sits on top of her sky blue motorcycle, “Yup!”
Sweetbriar snaps his fingers with a laugh and as his pair of ears hear the sweet musical words.
A new musical song entitled Hold On starts to sing out inside the active hologram game:  Bless my heart/ Bless my soul/ Didn’t think I’d make it to twenty-two years old/ There must be someone up above saying/ Come on, Brittany/ You got to come on up/ You got to hold on/ Yeah, you got to hold on…
Note: The true musical band Alabama Shakes had recorded song entitled Hold On in the year 2012. The blues rock band had consisted of Brittany Howard, Heath Fogg, Zac Cockrell, and Steve Johnson coming from Athens, Alabama. The song had been nominated for three Grammy Awards.
Googol frowns. “What is that sound?”
Blackjack frowns. “It’s a catchy musical song. I recognized the singing tune. But why is a musical song inside this hologram, Sweetbriar?”
Sweetbriar leans down and revs the engine again. “The more objects inside the hologram environment; the more used gigabit usage. We’re racing the cycles here. Does everyone remember that? Get ready! On my mark…”
“Go!” Blackjack twists the power handle on the bar and whips the front wheel on her machine into the air, yelling out loud with a smile, zooming by Sweetbriar and leads the semi-crooked line of teens.
“You…” He gasps in shock and twists the power handle, sliding the rear tire sideways, straightening the bike and follows behind her rear bump, cheering with a laugh.
Nitrix speeds her machine and slings an array of tiny dirt particles and numerous twisting dirt tornadoes in the air, flying behind the pink tinted rear fender on Sweetbriar, singing the words with the musical song.
Googol races straight ahead without wasting the energy on her mint green machine, catching up, riding the bumper on Nitrix.
On the lavender motorcycle, Caim leans down and twists the handle, sliding the rear tire to the side, pumping the engine and slips the rear tire to the opposite side and frowns at her drive performance. She straightens the bike and speeds over the rough dirt road, hoping the time ends really soon.
Blackjack leads in her red tinted motorcycle and speaks into helmet microphone with a smile, “The first jump…”
“What jump?” Cain flies over the dirt road with a frown.
Pink tinted helmet with two cat ear points on Sweetbriar speed beside red tinted helmet with two devil horns on Blackjack.
The musical song entitled Hold On continues to sing out loud: So, bless my heart and bless yours too/ I don’t know where I’m gonna go/ There must be somebody up above/ Saying, “Come on, Brittany, you got to get back up/ You got to hold on/ Hey, you got to hold on…
Sweetbriar smiles, “We fly over a set of objects. The first jump soars over a three feet water hole with fresh water. Lean down into the bike and twist the handler for a faster speed. Or you’ll end down in the water hole. And no one is coming back for you, Cain,” he laughs with the other teens.
Caim continues to fly over the red dirt and frowns. “I heard that.”
“Then don’t get left behind, Caim,” the sky blue helmet with a pair of elephant ears on cyclist Nitrix leans down into the bike and races her matching machine even with the mint green helmet with two giraffe ears and two horns on Googol.
Blackjack and Sweetbriar, each lean down and twist the handle, running flat on the ground, flying through the air over the three feet water hole and then individual land on the rear tire, rolling ahead. Each one laughs out loud and drops down onto the front tire, speeding ahead over the red dirt road toward the next obstacle.
Nitrix and Googol race over the dirt and fly through the air over the water hole, landing on a front tire, bouncing back down onto two wheels and swiftly speed ahead with a smile, following the pair of Blackjack and Sweetbriar.
Sweetbriar flies over the red dirt and frowns. “Go faster, Caim! You won’t make it to the other side.”
Caim grits her teeth and twists the handle to the maximum, racing over the dirt, flying through the air over the water hold and lands on the front tire. The machine speed ahead and bounced up and down on the rear tire. She whips the handle bars side to side while controlling the wild ride and then straightens up the front bike tire, speeding ahead, exhaling with relief.
A crooked line of Island Resort teens on top of an individual colorful motorcycle jump the same water hold with success, falling down, racing ahead and try to catch Sweetbriar, who leads.
The motorcycle leader Sweetbriar laughs. “The next obstacle is a deep ditch of six feet across. Everyone, speed up and go faster than the wind. Each obstacle will come up fast and furious. If you miss, then I win the race.”
“You do not, Sweetbriar!” Blackjack rides beside him with a sneer.
Sweetbriar laughs.
Blackjack and Sweetbriar together side by side roll over the dirt and fly through the air over the six feet wide deep ditch, landing down on the back tire and speed ahead.
Nitrix continues to race behind the rear bumper on her friends Blackjack and Sweetbriar. “How many more wide and deep dirt ditches and wide and shallow mud holes are we coming to jump?”
She and Googol race over the dirt and fly through the air over the next ditch, landing down on the dirt and speed ahead.
A line of Island Resort riders soars over the same dirt ditch and continues to roll over the rough dirt, following behind the fender bumper on Caim.
Sweetbriar smiles, “O! About another seventeen more ditches and mud holes, however, the last one is really, really long.”
Caim continues to lean down and drives at maximum speed, rolling over the smooth dirt, flying over the six feet wide dirt ditch and then lands down the front tire without wiggling too much this time. She’s getting better with each landing.
One of the co-leaders that sit inside a pale blue metal chair, Nitrix sits upright and laughs, flinging her hand in the air.
The Dark Room changes the scenery again.
The skyline is painted in red and black rolling storm clouds. The floor is composed of white sand. Each side wall has morphed into a flat ocean of angry deep blue two feet waves that slap against the sandy shoreline.
Caim sits upright on top of the seat on her lavender machine and gasps at the new environment inside the Dark Room. “What is this?”
“What did you do, Nitrix?” Sweetbriar sneers and slides the rear tire side to side over the soft sand. “You need to make the sand grains firmer like a smooth roadway. Or none of us will reach the other side and finish the motorcycle race, Nitrix.”
Nitrix claps with a smile. The flat ground of white sand makes a slurping noise and scoots together and then changes into a road of firm sand for travel.
Blackjack and Sweetbrier sit upright on the seat and speed ahead in the front of the pack of riders. Each one turns and views the rough waves of dark blue ocean water.
Blackjack frowns. “How is this environment more fun than the other one? At least, I could go airborne and jump over something.”
Nitrix rides beside her friend Googol and snaps her fingers.
The new musical song entitled Thunderstruck sings out loud inside the active hologram game: You’ve been thunderstruck, thunderstruck/ Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, thunderstruck/ Oh, thunderstruck/ Yeah…
Note: The true AC/DC was an Australian rock band which formed in Sydney in the year 1973 by brothers Malcolm and Angus Young. They had performed the musical song entitled Thunderstruck as the lead single musical song from the record album The Razors Edge.
Inside the active hologram game, entitled Biker Time, a nasty crooked yellow tinted lightning bolt drops down from one of the black tinted storm cloud striking down into the white sand with a loud pop, creating a deep black impact hole in front of Blackjack. She jerks the handle bar to the side with a gasp and barely slides away from the gigantic bolt and deep new blackened hole, sneering into her microphone, “Nitrix!”
Nitrix continues to fly over the hardened sand with a laugh.
One at a time, a nasty yellow tinted lightning bolt drops down from the angry skyline and slams down into the pretty white sand with a loud pop in the direct pathway of each cyclist.
Googol yanks her mint green machine to the side of the lightning bolt and feels the heat from the natural object, sneering with annoyance. “That was too close!”
Sweetbriar takes the lead from Blackjack and slides side to side over the sand street and as an individual bolt of lightning slams into the sand beside each nose profile, racing ahead toward more sand.
Blackjack halts and as the rear of her machine leaps up from the sand roadway standing upright on the front tire for a few seconds. The crooked lightning bolt from the red clouds quickly slams down into the white sand and creates a black hole, producing a set of white dust and black drifting smoke. Blackjack twists the handle with a sneer and races ahead, rolling down into the newly created crate hole, emerging up the opposite side and speed ahead while viewing more bolts strikes down into the sand.
The musical song entitled Thunderstruck continues to sing inside the Dark Room: I was caught/ in the middle of a railroad track (Thunder)/ I looked ‘round/ And I knew there was no turning back (Thunder)/ My mind raced/ And I thought, what could I do? (Thunder)/ and I knew there was no help, no help from you (Thunder)/ Sound of the drums/ Beating in my heart/ The thunder of guns/ Tore me apart/ You’ve been thunderstruck…
Inside the active hologram game which is entitled Biker Time, Nitrix has created the new environment and as she speeds ahead and as a line of crooked lightning bolts swiftly chase her rear fender. She jerks and jaunts the machine side to side keeping ahead of the line of bolts that sizzle in the air and melts part of the rear fender into sky blue gooey puddle on top of the white sand on her motorcycle.
Caim stops and stares at each striking lightning bolt with fear, looking back over a collar bone at the commotion.
The semi-crooked line of motorcycle riders has vanished. The line has been replaced with an individual lucky rider, who is quickly dodging each bolt of lightning while other cyclists are becoming killed by the bolt and then terminating their hologram character inside the hologram game.
The terminated gamers must wait until the hologram activity has completed, before the gamer can enter back into the gameplay field.
Teen Leader and motorcycle leader Sweetbriar races ahead toward and then around each striking lightning bolt on top of the golden sand grains and sneers inside his helmet. “Ride, Caim! We all must leave out from here before…”
“Yeah!” Caim shouts back and revs the engine, leaning down, racing ahead over the sand roadway. An individual lightning bolt strikes down before her machine. She quickly steers around it.
Blackjack steers to the side and goes around another lightning bolt strike with a growling sound, flipping her hand in the air and then snaps her fingers.
The Dark Room changes the scenery again.
A new musical song entitled Hit Me with Your Best Shot starts to sing out loud inside the active hologram game: Well, you’re the real tough cookie with a long history/ Of breaking little hearts like the one in me/ That's okay, let’s see how you do it/ Put up your dukes, let’s get down to it/ Hit me with your best shot/ Why don’t you hit me with your best shot/ Hit me with your best shot/ Fire away…
Note: The musical song entitled Hit Me with Your Best Shot was performed by Pat Benatar in the year 1990. She was a singer, songwriter, actress, and four-time musical Grammy winner.
Blackjack slaps her hand back onto the handle and speeds across the sand. The ground pathway of yellow tinted smooth stone is surrounded with ranges of low and high flames of red, yellow, and blue fire burning the grass, the trees, and the plants. The sky line sizzles and then roars in a set of rolling clouds in red, brown, and orange flames of fire. Beyond the stone pathway, the thick forest burns in purple, yellow, and blue high flames of fire.
A mint green helmet with the two giraffe ears and two horns sits on her head and as Googol continues to fly down the stone road and frowns at the new environment. “O! So this is way better than one single lightning strike that misses me? How is this better? Who did this?”
The devil horns stand on top of the red tinted helmet on Blackjack and as she swiftly races ahead in the lead and passes Sweetbriar with a laugh without answering her friend, speeding toward the new obstacle as this is her personal addition into the hologram entertainment program.
He continues fly and turns to view each burning forest fires with confusion. “Are we going to jump over the flaming tree tops?”
Nitrix leans down and flies over the yellow stone pathway, riding on the rear bumper of Sweetbriar. “Hey, move over! Or move up! Or move somewhere else, but in front of me, Sweetbriar!”
“Stuff it, sweetheart!” Sweetbriar speeds ahead with a laugh and follows behind the rear bumper on Blackjack.
Caim exhales with frustration and races down the smooth stone street in last position without a dirt ditch or a mud hole or a deep crate of black smoke. This is not the sweet and nice hologram from her vivid imagination.
In the lead, Blackjack twists the handle and hums to the musical song and then laughs out loud, viewing the object, “Everyone, get ready!”
Nitrix flies ahead with a smile on her sky blue machine, “Ready for what?”
“Ready, why?” Googol races ahead behind Nitrix with a stern face.
Caim sits upright on top of the seat and stares with a worried brow at the new obstacle. “I see ahead a ring of fire. Does everyone see that too? Are we going to jump through a ring of fire? Does everyone understand that too? Fire is not good for my healthy body.”
Sweetbriar leans down into the bike with a chuckle. “I think I see Smoky the Bear below the ring of fire. I do believe that he’s waving us off from the fire,” laughing.
“Shut it, Sweetbriar!” Blackjack sneers and steers ahead.
The stone road leads upward into a steep hill formation and then ends in the air waves. Blackjack flies over the stone and laughs. “Yes, everyone sees and knows and understands, Caim. Now, the roadway ends a few more several miles as we race down the road at one hundred miles per hour. You must jump through the ring of fire. Or…”
“Or what happens?” Caim races last in the line on top of the stone roadway with a huff of annoyance. “What happens to me, Blackjack? This is my augmented reality. I can’t be hurt. Maybe, I should…”
“Ah!” Blackjack speeds up the hilltop and flies through the air, soaring through the middle of the ring of fire, yelling out loud with thrill, “Yeehaw! Look at me! I’m airborne like a bird.”
Sweetbriar lifts up from the steep formation and flies thorough the ring of yellow, blue, red flames of fire, yelling out loud.
Nitrix and Googol, each launch from the hilltop and sail through the middle of the ring of colorful flames of fire.
Caim races down the road and follows up the steep slope, launching through the air, soaring through the middle of the ring of fire and then screams out loud. “What is that? What is this? Where is the land? Why am I flying like a bird?”
In the lead of cyclists and ahead of Caim, Blackjack soars through the air without a road and swirls her red tinted machine sideways flying toward a new obstacle. “Everyone, turn your machine sideways. This is the only way through the next obstacle.”
The musical song entitled Hit Me with Your Best Shot continues to sing out loud inside the hologram game: You come on with it, come on, you don’t fight fair/ That’s okay, see if I care/ Knock me down, it’s all in vain/ I get right back on my feet again/ Hit me with your best shot/ Why don’t you hit me with your best shot/ Hit me with your best shot/ Fire away…
Caim sits upright on top of the seat in last position without falling off her motorcycle and points at the new object in the skyline. “What is that?” She continues to fly through the air with fear.
Sweetbriar turns his machine sideways and flies below the fiery clouds of purple, red, and yellow, laughing out loud, viewing the object sideways. “I do believe that I see an object that displays two parallel lines of flaming fire, instead of single ring of fire. So, we fly sideways through the object, not upright.”
“Or you’ll be missing your helmet with your skull inside,” Googol laughs and turns her mint green motorcycle sideways, soaring through the air waves toward the two lines of fire.
Nitrix turns her cycle sideways with a giggle and flies beside Googol, moving toward the bottom line of fire with a smile.
Caim continues to fly upright and stares at the new obstacle in fright. “I can’t do this. This is a motorcycle ride on the ground, not in the air. I wanna stop this hologram.”
Sweetbriar frowns. “Then you miss out on everything fun. We’re riding on the ground, flying through the air and singing out loud with the music. This is better than trying to explode my one hundred gigabytes at home. Finish this out, Caim!” He continues to advance toward the two parallel lines of multi-colored fire rows.
Blackjack soars through the top line of flames and as Sweetbriar zooms through the second line of fire. Each one emerges and then spins their machine around and around through the air waves with laughter.
Nitrix and Googol swiftly advance ahead toward the two parallel lines of yellow, blue, and red fire. Googol soars through the high line of flames and as Nitrix moves through the lower line of fire. Each one zooms out and then swirls sideways like Blackjack and Sweetbriar.
Caim slowly turns her machine sideways and slides off the seat with a yell.
Sweetbriar laughs. “Stay on the machine, Caim!”
She flies sideways with great fear and stares at the line of high flames of fire and as her machine advances toward the fire, instead of the air space.
Nitrix spins around to see the two lines of flames and shouts out loud with alarm. “Caim, you’re heading directly at the line of fire, not the empty space. Move your machine down a few feet!”
In the air waves, Caim hits the flaming fire on the top line and shouts out loud in pain, falling off her motorcycle, dropping down through the air waves.
“Caim!” Sweetbriar shouts out loud.
Caim lands down on her back spine and rests on top of the hard pavement, sounding with a loud grunt, hearing the words from the same musical song. Down on top of the ground, she has not been terminated but knocked off her motorcycle. She opens her eyelashes.
Inside the hologram game, the skyline still sizzles and then roars in a set of rolling clouds in red, brown, and orange flames of fire. On each side of her face, the side wall displays a thick forest which burns in purple, yellow, and blue high flames of fire. She sits upright on her kneecaps with a gasp, reaching out, touching the flames with a laugh. “Yeah, I’m inside the Dark Room at the Island Resort. This is the active hologram program. This is all faked, but there is a prize hidden somewhere in here too. I keep forgetting about that. Where is the prize hidden?”
“Caim!” Sweetbriar shouts inside his motorcycle helmet that echoes into every pair of eardrums and still flies through the air inside hologram game.
“Ugh!” Caim slowly sits upright and folds at her fit waistline, staring at the flames of fire on top of the ground, the burning forest of trees, and the skyline of fire clouds, “Yeah!” She slowly stands upright from the hard floor with another grunt and spins around to face the grounded motorcycle.
Inside the hologram game, when the host or hostess human body falls off inside an augmented reality object, the person falls back into the metal chair and exits the game.
Caim reaches down and slaps the fabric, seeing the lavender colored jumpsuit on her body. She has not become detached from the hologram program, which is great. She can easily return back at any time into the hologram program. This engineering default has been established for a little kid that needs to go to the bathroom or a pair of arguing teens.
Inside the hologram game, the musical song entitled Hit Me with Your Best Shot continues to sing out loud: Well, you’re the real tough cookie with a long history/ Of breaking little hearts like the one in me/ Before I put another notch in my lipstick case/ You better make sure you put me in my place/ Hit me with your best shot/ C’mon, hit me with your best shot/ Hit me with your best shot/ Fire away…
Inside the active hologram game which is entitled Biker Time, Caim spins around with a gasp. The other Island Resort teens have all vanished from within the active hologram game, leaving only her person and her four new island friends. There is not one single colorful motorcycle left inside the hologram game. Each hologram teen has been terminated and now waits as a real human teen inside the Dark Room for the hologram game to end. She swings around with a smile and slides over the matching lavender motorcycle again and as her teenly mind enters the game. Instantly, she returns back and flies through the air wave below the sizzling clouds of fire, sounding with a loud moan.
In the same air waves, Sweetbriar continues to spin his pink tinted motorcycle sideways and frowns into the microphone. “Use your mind to control the machine, Caim! This is your augmented reality. You control your mind, not the other way around,” laughing.
“Yeah!” Caim flies ahead without seeing the same obstacle, which is good.
Blackjack continues to fly beside Sweetbriar and twirls her machine sideways, upright, and backwards, smiling at the new obstacle. “There is a new obstacle straight ahead.”
Nitrix continues to fly and whirls her machine in different directions for fun while staring at the new object. “What is that?”
Sweetbriar smiles at the new object in the air and continues to whirl his motorcycle through the air waves in every direction. “That’s a square field of individual boxes of fire in the middle of the air underneath the angry clouds of black wrath. Caim, are you ready for this one?”
Caim grunts without a word and continues to stare at the new object on top of the flying motorcycle.
Nitrix twirls her machine upside down and stares with a frown at the new object, “Another fire thing! Someone change the ‘bat channel’ right now!”
Googol twirls her motorcycle upside down and smiles at the new object. “You can change the bat channel, bat girl.”
Nitrix frowns at the same object. “No. I did it once. You can’t modify into a different environment within the hologram, until every cyclist has a turn or every cyclist is dead.”
“What!” Caim gasps in alarm.
“Done!” Sweetbriar laughs. “She means when everyone is done with their turn, girlfriend. Be nice, Blackjack!”
Blackjack spins around in different directions with a smile. “Caim, select an empty box and fly straight through. The rest of us can twirl through or spin through but don’t hit the fire line. Or you fall off the motorcycle like Caim.” She picks an empty box of fire on the top line in the middle of the new square formation of fire, twirling through the empty space, exiting the object and cheers out loud.
Sweetbriar flies through the center box with a laugh of amusement and continues to soar through the air.
Nitrix and Googol both fly side by side in an upside down pose with a laugh and then soar through the end boxes on the third row, exiting with a smile, flying ahead toward their friends.
Caim continues to fly upright and veers toward the bottom row at the middle box, feeling nervous and worry.
Blackjack spins around and flies backwards while staring at Caim. “Caim, slow down your air speed and then slowly glide through the middle of the empty box.”
Caim obeys and advances toward the square that is surrounded with flames of fire, flying in the middle of the air waves and enters the hole, exiting from the hole without harm but fear, screaming out loud. “Why am I falling? I’m dropping down toward the ground. It’s coming fast. I can’t stop. I can’t guide my motorcycle toward anything like a cloud or a snow flake.”
Blackjack drops down through the air toward the ground with a laugh. “I ran out of fire things.”
“Someone change the bat channel right now!” Nitrix screams.
Caim flips her hand and then snaps her fingers.
The Dark Room changes scenery again.
The skyline turns pale blue hue without clouds. The sunlight shines down on the ground of water and the ground displays a pond of water.
Caim snaps her fingers and continues to fall down, shouting out loud for each teen. “Activate your parachute right now!”
A new musical song entitled Hang on Sloopy starts to sing out loud: Hang on Sloopy, Sloopy hand on/ Sloppy lives in a very bad part of town/ And everybody yeah, tries to my Sloopy down/ Well, Sloopy, I don’t care what your daddy do/ Cause’ you know Sloopy girl I’m in love with you/ And so I say now…
Note: The true musical song entitled Hang on Sloopy was played by Wes Farrell and Bert Berns and peaked at number one on the US Billboard Hot 100 music chart in the year 1964.
Sweetbriar falls down in speed with a sour frown, “Well, I never.”
Inside the Nitrix drops down through the air waves with a sour frown and stares down at the ground with a sneer. “What parachute?”
Caim leans over with a smile and slams the button on the motorcycle dashboard. “Reach over and press the red colored button on the handle bar.” An orange colored dome-shape parachute expands with a peace sign which is formed by two fingers in the middle. Her motorcycle slows the speed and then gently floats down toward the flat ground.
Each one of her friends on top of a motorcycle rapidly continues to fall down towards the ground.
Caim reaches over and slams the red button with a sneer of annoyance. The cycle jolts upright and as the parachute expands with a pink flower on the nylon. She slows descends down toward the ground.
The other teens slam the button and then slowly fall down toward the ground also with an individual dome-shaped parachute with a creative design.
Googol flips her hand and then snaps her fingers.
The Dark Room changes scenery again.
The skyline turns gray clouds without sunlight. The grassy ground displays a black tinted paved roadway in front a shallow pond of water.
Googol snaps her fingers and continues to fall down laughing. “What goes up must come down!”
A new musical song entitled Life in the Fast Lane starts to sing out loud: He was a hard-headed man/ He was brutally handsome and she was terminally pretty/ She held him up, and he held for ransom in the heart/ Of the cold, cold city/ He had a nasty reputation as a cruel dude/ They said he was ruthless, they said he was crude/ They had one thing in common, they were good in bed/ She’d say, “Faster, faster. The lights are running red”/ Life in the fast land, surely makes you lose your mind/ Life in the fast land, huh/ Are you with me so far…
Note: The true musical song entitled Life in the Fast Line was performed by the American musical band named Eagles which was released in the year 1976. The musical song was written by Don Henley, Glenn Frey, and Joe Walsh.
Inside the active hologram game which is entitled Biker Time, soaring through the air waves, Caim shouts with panic. “No. No. No! There’s a pond of water down there. I didn’t change the water.”
“I did,” Googol laughs.
The solid ground comes closer within each pair of eyeballs on each teen while revealing a plot of short green weeds around a shallow pond of calm blue tinted water. Leading out away from the pond, there is a rough pavement of patchy gray with a few potholes. Further down the roadway, the direction veers into a busy highway with numerous rolling vehicles.
Sweetbriar lands the front tire on his pink tinted motorcycle first before the pond of water on top of the rough pavement, cutting off the parachute twisting the handle and then drops the rear tire down and zooms ahead with a laugh. He leaves his friends behind.
Blackjack plants the rear tire on her red tinted bike next in front of the water on top of the same pavement, dropping the parachute, speeding ahead on the single tire and follows the rear fender on Sweetbriar. She drops the bike down to the roadway and chases his fender with a laugh.
Nitrix slowly lands on the same pavement and loses the parachute from the tail on her motorcycle, racing ahead with a smile, following her two friends.
Caim wiggles side to side on top of the seat on her lavender colored motorcycle and points down at the pond of blue water. “Hey! Hey! Hey! The water is getting closer to me, not the roadway. Help! Help! Help!”
Sweetbriar slows the speed and spins around with a sour frown, halting to see Caim, talking into the helmet. “Caim, do not land in the water!”
Blackjack twirls around with a smile and stops beside Sweetbriar, frowning at Caim, speaking into the helmet. “Caim, use your mind! Do not land…”
“I am not landing in the water,” Caim wiggles the motorcycle side to side with frustration. “I am not landing in the water.” The parachute beautifully flaps in the smooth breeze and as the motorcycle drops down into the edge on the pond. She frowns. “I am landing in the water.”
“Zoom away, Caim!” Nitrix spins around with worry and stops beside Blackjack.
Googol slowly lands down in front of the pond on the front tire and loses the parachute, speeding ahead with a smile. “Follow me, Caim!”
Caim twists the handle and races ahead, dragging the wet parachute. 
“Cut the chute with the green button!” Sweetbriar frowns.
Caim reaches over and taps on the green tinted button and as the parachute drops down and lands on top of the roadway. She flies down the street and avoids the pothole advancing toward her four friends.
The other four friends spin around and race ahead, speeding onto the busy five-lane highway, blending into traffic.
The musical song entitled Life in the Fast Lane continues to sing out loud: Eager for action and hot for the game/ The coming attraction, the drop of the name/ they knew all the right people, they took all the right pills/ They threw outrageous parties, they paid heavenly bills/ There were lines on the mirror, lines on her face/ She pretended not to notice, she was caught in the race/ Out every evening, until it was light/ He was too tired to make it, she was too tired to fight about it/ Life in the fast line, surely makes you lose your mind/ Life in the fast line, huh/ Life in the fast land, everything all the time/ Life in the fast lane, huh…
Inside the active hologram game, Biker Time, on the hard black roadway, Blackjack performs a wheelie and then races ahead, weaving in and out between the five lanes of traffic with her dangerous driving move, leading the pack of cyclists.
Nitrix pumps more power into the engine and leans down, speeding in one lane, running beside Blackjack.
Googol swings her motorcycle off the street and rides on top of the medium, flinging rocks, dirt, and trash into the windows of the other vehicles, laughing out loud.
Sweetbriar slams the brake pads and slows behind a row of slow-moving cars with a sneer.
Caim speeds down one lane and pulls up beside Sweetbriar, enjoying the breeze on her face, rolling at a safe limit. “We can ride all night until midnight like Mr. Maker says. Hey! Where is the hidden grand prize here inside this Biker Time hologram game? I hope we can find it by the dong of midnight. I…I thought it might be hidden down in the pond water. But I can’t swim in water or breath in water, so that secret hiding place doesn’t make any sense to me.”
Sweetbriar continues to speed behind his friends and wears a frown. “What did you say, Caim?”
Caim continues to speed and smiles with a series of selfish mental thoughts. “The grand prize! Where could the grand prize be hidden here inside this hologram game? Are we going to stop and pretend to eat a picnic basket? Maybe, the grand prize in hidden inside a picnic basket of cloned cow meat. I hated cloned cow meat.”
Nitrix continues to speed with a frown. “What are you talking about, Caim?”
Caim frowns. “The grand prize, one is hidden here someplace. Are we going to stop and try to find it before we finish the race? What could the grand prize be, flying motorcycle or a plate of real cow meat or a something greater? The grand prize could and can be anything that you want or desire. The grand prize is not mentioned inside the game. Ya know, you heard that one talented Gamer won a new mud house. A Gamer Girl won a flying travel car. And a Gamer Guy won a set of new soft furniture. And a Gamer Teen won real meat for an entire year for each family member at his home. So, there is a grand prize and it could be anything.”
Googol frowns and continues to speed with her friends. “You are not making any sense over there, Caim. Concentrate on steering your bike away from my bumper, girl!”
Caim frowns. “But, Nitrix…”
I didn’t say that. You’re dreamed it up. And I’m right here ahead of your motorcycle, Caim. Are you feeling okay?” Nitrix continues to speed with a laugh.
Caim frowns. “But, Nitrix, you told me that inside the other hologram game, the Teenly Waste can…”
“Teenly Wasteland,” Sweetbriar continues to speed and frowns.
Nitrix continues to speed and smiles. “I don’t think so. Yes, I know so. I didn’t say that. And get off my fender, Caim.”
Caim slows the speed on her bike and shifts to the side, without breathing more of the smelly exhale fumes coming from the tail pipe on Nitrix’ motorcycle, meekly saying with puzzlement. “I’m moving. Okay.”
Blackjack continues to lead the pack and laughs out loud into her microphone. “Where is Sweetbriar? Not up here with me!”
“I’m coming. Don’t wreck up there, Blackjack!” Sweetbriar revs the engine and pops a wheelie climbing over the trunk on the silver colored sedan, riding over numerous rooftops and climbs higher.
Caim frowns at the back spine on Sweetbriar. “Stop it, Sweetbriar! You’re going to get hurt.”
“This is an augmented reality, Caim. No one gets hurt here.” Nitrix kicks her motorcycle onto the front wheel, running ahead wth a laugh. Each driver slows the speed to watch Nitrix. Nitrix slowly catches up with Blackjack.
“Run faster, Caim!” Googol shouts into the helmet and swings back into the active lane of traffic, cutting in front of each rolling vehicles with a laugh. The targeted vehicle slams the brake pads and creates a pile-up of wrecked cars.
Sweetbriar screams in shock and revs the engine with more power. His motorcycle flies through the air and soars over the tall pile of upright and broken cars, trucks, and sedans, landing down on his rear tire and then wobbles side to side. He drops down on the front tire with a cheer and zooms ahead with maximum engine power, trying to catch Blackjack.
Caim gasps in alarm and jerks to the side, running over the smooth medium, passing the mess with relief.
Sweetbriar pulls beside Blackjack. Nitrix and Googol ride beside Sweetbriar.
The four cycles sail down the road and then start to cut in front of each other for fun.
Caim jerks back into an empty roadway, looking back over a collar bone at the car pile-up, exhaling with annoyance and then returns back to see each colored fender on her friends.
A siren sounds with noise and a set of flashing blue and white lights.
“The cops are on our tail!” Nitrix laughs out loud and races ahead, leading the pack. “Move faster!”
Caim speeds ahead and catches up with her three friends.
Nitrix veers off the five-lane main highway and turns into a side street, banking the curved wall, going a little airborne. She lands down onto the front tire and steers ahead down an empty roadway.
Each motorcycle follows the rear fender on Nitrix in a line and then split apart. They race down a narrow lane of paved street, performing wheelies, riding over the walkway, hearing the screams of people. They weave in and out between the rolling vehicles.
Blackjack reaches out and slams her booted feet into one of the muscle cars, speeding away, laughing out loud.
The driver in the muscle car chases after Blackjack. Her other three friends race behind and slam a foot into the muscle car.
Caim drives behind with puzzlement. “Who is driving that loud muscle car? Where did it come from? Everyone has been terminated,” she gasps. “O! That must be Decktow. He was sitting inside one of the pale blue chair beside me and he is a co-leader also.”
The muscle car slams the brake pads and then swiftly turns off the roadway, crashing into the side of the building, burning in smoke and fire. The four motorcycles speed ahead and then lean over performing a series of hand slaps down the row and then back up the row of cyclist while over the paved street and laughing out loud.
The musical song entitled Life in the Fast Lane continues to sing out loud inside the game: Blowing and burning, blinded by thirst/ They didn’t see the stop sign, took a turn for the worst/ She said, “Listen, baby. You can hear the engine ring. We’ve been up and down this highway, haven’t seen a goddamn thing.”/ He said, “Call the doctor, I think I’m gonna crash.”/ “The doctor says he’s coming, but you gotta pay in cash.”/ They didn’t care, they were just dying to get off/ And it was life in the fast land, surely makes you lose your mind/ Life in the fast land, huh, /And it was life in the fast lane, surely makes you lose your mind/ Life in the fast line, huh/ Life in the fast line, everything all the time/ Life in the fast line, huh/ Life in the fast lane…
Inside the hologram game, on top of the pavement, biker Caim follows behind the row of friends and turns to the side, reading the posted sign out loud on the street with a gasp of alarm. “The empty street is closed. The street is under repair construction. Stop! Stop the race! The street ends. That’s why the car turned so fast and crashed and burned. The car avoided the closed street,” she speeds ahead and continues to yell into the microphone inside her helmet, “Stop! Stop the race! The street is closed. The street ends. There’s a huge wall of concrete ahead of us. Stop!”
“Ditch the bike! Save your life!” Googol slides her bike on its side and hits a wide ten-foot retainer wall of solid concrete blocks in bright yellow, screaming out loud.
Each motorcycle hits the retainer wall with a roar of metal pain.
Then, the hologram environment becomes pit black dark.


Island Resort location
Dark Room setting
Outside rain and thunder weather
09:15 am


On the Island Resort, in the pale blue tinted chair, Caim opened her eyelids and screamed out loud, slapping both hands over her body in panic. “I’m alive. I’m alive…”
Inside the red tinted chair, Sweetbriar opened his eyelids and stood upright with a smile, staring into the darkness. “Wow! That was fun!”
Nitrix continued to sit and bounced up and down inside the pale blue chair, clapping with a smile “Woe! That was prime!”
Blackjack continued to sit and danced side to side with happiness, “Yeah! That was cool!”
Caim continued to sit and rubbed her forehead with a sour frown. “Ugh! Is it over?”
Googol continued to sit and bounced up and down with a smile “Wake up, Caim!”
“What happened?” Caim frowned and stared into the dark room.
Blackjack continues to sit with a sour frown. “The hologram game stopped again from another bold and bright lightning strike.”
“Do not move!” The voice of Mr. Maker shouted out loud. “The overhead lamps will click on right now!”
“What!” Caim gasped in shock.
The overhead lights illuminated through the room for safety and reactivated the power grid and as each pair of eyeballs continued to observe a pattern of colorful stars in blindness.
Decktow continued to close his eyelids and rolled off his pale blue chair, slamming his sideways body down into the stationary legs on an upright Sweetbriar. They hit down on the floor with a thump and a set of grunts, tossing fists into the hard jaw line. Then a floor panel silently slid open.
A new teen female appeared and then slid down into the red tinted chair with a laugh as the new leader of the teens, slamming both hands over the console.
Mr. Maker shouted out loud. “The hologram program is recharged. Get ready!”
Googol did not leave her pale blue metal chair and reached out with her hand to Sweetbriar. “No!”
Mr. Maker yelled out loud. “Set!”
Blackjack did not exit her pale blue metal chair either and reached out with her hand toward Sweetbriar. “No!”
Mr. Maker hollowed out loud with a laugh. “Go!”
Nitrix did not leave her pale blue metal chair and reached out with her hand toward her friend Sweetbriar, “Sweetbriar!”
Sweetbriar and Decktow continued to fight on the floor and then tumbled down an open hole within the metal floor while screaming out loud.
The new female teen placed the head gear over her bone skull and then pressed the new button, slowly standing upright with a smile. Then her teenly mind exploded into the new hologram game.


Unknown time and unknown place, Caim drops down and lands on top of a soft fluffy floor with low-lying set of wet clouds of white with a gasp, looking around the new hologram setting. “What is this place?”
Each Island Resort teen continues to appear and drops down on top of the soft floor, staring at the mass of white swirling clouds.
Blackjack drops down onto the soft floor among the clouds with a smile in silence.
Nitrix drops down next to Blackjack with a smile in silence.
Googol falls down and lands beside Nitrix, staring at the misty of white clouds with puzzlement.
Caim turns and survey each face with puzzlement. “What happened to Sweetbriar? Where is he? I don’t see him here. He is always beside me.”
Googol frowns. “Our friend Sweetbriar has been penalized for fighting for an entire hologram game, so he can’t return until this one has completed.”
Blackjack frowns. “I don’t know this hologram game.”
Caim returns back and frowns at the whirling clouds. “Is there really a hologram game?”
Nitrix laughs with a smile, “O yeah! This is really a hologram game.”
Each Island Resort teen appears one a time and drops down onto the soft bouncing floor of white clouds, mumbling with laughter and smiles.
Caim continues to scan each island teen with confusion. “I thought if the hologram teen gets killed in a hologram death, that the teen could not play inside a hologram game for the rest of the day.’
Blackjack smile at the moving low-lying white tinted clouds with puzzlement. “Yeah, that’s true outside of the island resort like your home residence. This is a place of vacation and play, not pain and pay. When a hologram teen receives a hologram death here, it is due to the disruption of the electricity power lines within the hologram game from the outside violent storm clouds like now. So, the once terminated hologram teen can become one of any other new hologram games like now. So, technically, a teen can die inside one active hologram game and then become re-born into a second hologram game.”
Caim frowns. “That’s weird!”
Googol stares with puzzlement and points at the low-lying clouds of white. “No. This is really weird. What’s happening over there? Do you need a weapon or a guard or a dog in here?”
Nitrix smiles at the developing low-lying clouds of white. “No. We don’t need a weapon and we will be fine and dandy here.”
In the far distance, a massive swirl of white clouds parts to reveal a tall, pale skinned, brown haired teen male. The male stomps ahead through the swirls of clouds and then stops, extending a hand, snapping his finger with a smile.
A new musical song entitled Take My Breath Away sings out loud inside the hologram game: Watching every motion/ In my foolish lover’s game/ On this endless ocean/ Finally lovers know no shame/ Turning and returning/ To some secret place inside/ Watching in slow motion/ As you turn around and say/ Take my breath away/ Take my breath away/ Watching I keep waiting/ Still anticipating love/ Never hesitating/ To become the fated ones/ Turning and returning/ To some secret place to hide/ Watching in slow motion/ As you turn to me and say/ Take my breath away…
Note: The true Berlin is an American new wave band which formed in Orange County in the year 1978 by bass guitar player John Crawford. Berlin band members included Terri Nunn on vocals; David Diamond on the guitar; Ric Olsen on another guitar instrument; Matt Reid on the keyboard, and Rod Learned on the drums. The musical song entitled Take My Breath Away was performed in the year 1986.
Within the active hologram game, entitled Kiss Me, in front of the swirling clouds, an unknown and handsome teen male wears a pair of naked feet, a naked chest, and a short kilt skirt in the color of aqua. He displays a golden band around his throat and a circle of black tinted eyeliner around each eye socket.
On the opposite side of the room, Caim continues to sit in the misty of wet clouds with a gasp. “Who is he?”
Blackjack continues to sit and frowns at the unknown male. “What is he doing?”
Among the semi-crooked lines of teens, a female teenager dashes ahead and displays a head of long blonde hair, a tone of olive skin tone. She swiftly morphs her black jumpsuit into a long white linen dress, a matching golden band around her throat and a pair of naked feet.
He opens his arms. She runs inside. He closes his arms around the girl, kissing his girl, waving his hand in the air. A long traveling litter of solid gold appears with a set of black sheets. He leads her into the litter and then spins around, lifting his folded fist in the air with a grin.
The sitting pod of teen males sounds with a set of loud claps, hoots, whistles, and cheers. The sitting pad of females sounds with gasps of shock.
Caim continues to sit and gasps in shock. “What are they doing?”
Blackjack continues to sit and smiles in confusion. “What is he doing?”
Googol continues to sit and smiles in puzzlement. “What is she doing?”
Nitrix continues to sit and smiles with a nod. “I know what they are doing inside that golden tinted litter which is a bed for a royal Egyptian queen and her pharaoh,” laughing.
On the other side of the fluffy white tinted room, a massive swirl of white clouds parts again, a short, dark skinned, blonde haired teen male stomps ahead through the swirls of clouds and then stops, extending a hand, snapping his finger with a smile.
A new musical song entitled Heartbeats starts to sing out loud: One night to be confused/ One night to speed up truth/ We had a promise made/ Four hands and then away/ Both under influence/ We had divine scent/ To know what to say/ Mind is a razor blade/ To call for hands of above/ To lean on/ Wouldn’t be good enough/ For me, no/ One night of magic rush/ The start of simple touch/ One night to push and scream/ And then relief…
Note: The true José Gabriel González was an Argentinian-Swedish folk singer, songwriter and guitarist from Gothenburg, Sweden. He performed the musical song entitled Heartbeats in the year 2003.
Inside the active hologram game entitled Kiss Me, the male wears a pair of naked feet, a naked chest and a set of long leather leg cowboy chaps in the color of tan, a red and white bandana around his throat and a cowboy hat over his bone skull.
Caim continues to sit inside the misty of wet clouds and on top of the soft surface with a gasp, “Geez! I know what he wants now. Sweetbriar is missing some hot stuff. He should be here.”
Googol continues to sit and laughs. “No, he’s too mean.”
Nitrix continues to sit and smiles. “No, he’s too moody.”
Blackjack continues to sit and chuckles. “No, he’s not mine.”
Among the crowd of teens, a new female races ahead and displays a tall body frame, a head of cropped strawberry hair, and a tone of pink skin, morphing into a mint green cowgirl skirt, a long-sleeved yellow shirt with pink fringe, and a pair of yellow and pink cowgirl boots. She runs into his chest. He wraps both arms around her, kissing her face.
The crowd of standing teens loudly sounds with claps, hoots, whistles, and cheers.
He waves a hand in the air. A brown tinted stagecoach appears on top of the fluffy cloud soft surface without a team of horses. They slowly move toward the object and then enter, closing the door. Then each glass window starts to fog in white mist.
The crowd of teens continues to stand and then bounces up and down, loudly sounding with more claps, hoots, whistles, and cheers.
In the far distance, a massive swirl of white clouds parts to reveal an average height, dark skinned, red haired teen male. The male stomps ahead through the swirls of clouds and then stops, extending a hand, snapping his finger with a smile.
A new musical song entitled Un-break My Heart starts to sing out loud: Don’t leave me in all this pain/ Don’t leave me out in the rain/ Come back and bring back my smile/ Come and take these tears away/ I need your arms to hold me now/ The nights are so unkind/ Bring back those nights when I held you beside me/ Un-break my heart/ Say you’ll love me again/ Undo this hurt you caused/ When you walked out the door/ And walked out of my life/ Un-cry these tears/ I cried so many nights/ Un-break my heart/ My heart/ Take back that sad word goodbye…
Note: The true Toni Michelle Braxton was an American singer, songwriter, pianist, record producer, actress, television personality, and philanthropist. She performed the musical song entitled Un-break My Heart in the year 1986.
The male wears a pair of pale blue trousers with a naked chest, a pair of naked feet, and a princely crown of sapphires.
On the opposite side of the unknown and cute teen male, Caim continues to sit and exhales. “Geez! I got it now. I want it too.”
Googol continues to sit and laughs, “Yeah, me, too!”
Nitrix continues to sit and frowns, “Yes, me, three!”
Blackjack continues to sit and smiles, “Yup, me, also!”
Among the crowd of teens, a new female slowly strolls ahead and displays a short body frame, a head of long black hair, and a tone of dark skin, morphing her jumpsuit into an ankle-length yellow ball gown with a pair of matching fashion heels, and a diamond tiara. She stops with a smile and fingers her man toward her body.
He slowly struts ahead with a smile, stops, and hugs her body, kissing her face.
The crowd of teens continues to stand and bounce up and down, loudly sounds with claps, hoots, whistles, and cheers.
He waves a hand in the air. A golden colored glass carriage appears on top of the fluffy cloud soft surface without a team of mice. They slowly move toward the object and then enter, closing the door. Then each glass window starts to fog in white mist.
The crowd of teens continues to bounce and cheer for the young teen couple.
On the opposite side of the unknown and cute teen male, Caim continues to sit and frowns. “I am breathless.”
Googol continues to sit and frowns, “I am speechless.”
Nitrix continues to sit and frowns, “I am thinking too much.”
Blackjack continues to sit and frowns, “I am too.”
In the far distance, a massive swirl of white clouds parts to reveal an average height, dark skinned, red haired teen male. The male stomps ahead through the swirls of clouds and then stops, extending a hand, snapping his finger with a smile.
A new musical song entitled Nothing Compares 2 U starts to sing out loud: It’s been seven hours and fifteen days/ Since you took your love away/ I go out every night and sleep all day/ Since you took your love away/ Since you been gone I can do whatever I want/ I can see whomever I choose/ I can eat my dinner in a fancy restaurant/ But nothing/ I said nothing can take away these blues/ ‘Cause nothing compares/ Nothing compares to you/ It’s been so lonely without you here/ Like a bird without a song/ Nothing can stop these lonely tears from falling/ Tell me baby where did I go wrong/ I could put my arms around every boy I see/ But they’d only remind me of you/ I went to the doctor and guess what he told me?/ Guess what he told me?/ He said girl you better try to have fun/ No matter what you do, but he’s a fool…
Note: True Magda Davitt was an Irish singer and songwriter in the late 1980s with her debut album The Lion and the Cobra. As the new name Sinéad O’Connor, she performed the musical song coming from the superstar singer Prince which had been entitled Nothing Compares 2 U in the year 1990, becoming an international musical star.
In the active hologram game, entitled Kiss Me, the unnamed and handsome teen male wears an animal print of brown and gray pair of shorts, a pair of naked feet, and an animal vanilla colored fake bone necklace.
On the opposite side of the unknown and cute teen male, Caim continues to sit and smiles. “I love this musical song.”
Googol continues to sit and frowns, “I love that guy.”
Nitrix continues to sit and smiles, “I love this energy.”
Blackjack continues to sit and laughs, “I love this hologram game.”
Among the crowd of teens, a new female races ahead and displays an average body frame, a long ponytail of dirty blonde hair, and a tone of pink skin, morphing her jumpsuit into short animal brown colored print dress, a pair of bare feet, and a vanilla colored bone hair bow in her ponytail. She collides into her beau and spins around with a smile, and then halts, reaching up, kissing his face.
He waves a hand. A tan colored cave appears with a dark opening. He pulls back with a smile from her kiss and scoots them toward the cave for some private time.
The teens scream and jump up and down with loud noise.
From the middle center of a fake cloud cover, an unknown and unnamed naked male teen steps out from the fake clouds and as a set of tiny swirls of white mist covers his private parts. He snaps his fingers with a laugh.
A new musical song entitled 2 Becomes 1 starts to sing out loud inside the active hologram game: Candle light and soul forever/ A dream of you and me together/ Say you believe it, say you believe it/ Free your mind of doubt and danger/ Be for real don’t be a stranger/ We can achieve it, we can achieve it/ Come a little bit closer baby, get it on, get it on/ ‘Cause tonight is the night when two become one/ I need some love like I never needed love before/ (Wanna make love to ya baby)/ I had a little love, now I’m back for more/ (Wanna make love to ya baby)/ Set your spirit free, it’s the only way to be…
Note: The true Spice Girls had been an English pop girl group which had formed in the year 1994. The band member consisted of Melanie Brown who was nicknamed as Scary Spice; Melanie Chisholm who was nicknamed as Sporty Spice; Emma Bunton who was nicknamed as Baby Spice; Geri Halliwell who was nicknamed as Ginger Spice, and Victoria Adams who was nicknamed as Posh Spice. They performed the musical song entitled 2 Become 1 in the year 1996.
Inside the active hologram game entitled Kiss Me, the teens scream out loud and bounce up and down loud claps and cheers.
Caim continues to sit and gasps in alarm, “Mercy!”
Blackjack sits beside Caim and laughs with a nod at the male. “Mercy or Mary or Harry has nothing to do with that naked body.”
Googol sits beside Blackjack and nods with a smile. “I do get it now!”
Nitrix frowns. “This is the Kissing hologram game. Hmm! I thought it was…”
Among the rows of sitting teen females, a girl dashes ahead with a giggle and morphs off her black tinted jumpsuit, wearing only her peachy colored naked skin and bare feet, running here naked back spine and butthole toward her naked male with a smile.
Then the hologram environment goes dark.


Island Resort location
Dark Room setting
Outside rain and thunder condition
09:35 am


On the Island Resort, inside the Dark Room, the overhead lamps were illuminated.
Caim continued to sit inside her pale blue chair with a smile and opened her eyelashes, viewing the same room.
Mr. Maker stood in the middle of the room and wore a stern face. “I am so sorry, guests. Someone has been having fun with each guest and my patience. Now, the current Teen Leader may exit the Dark Room immediately. You are dismissed, young female teenager.”
The audience of teens sounded with a series of boos, grunts, and hisses at Mr. Maker.
“Poo!” The teen female slowly stood upright with a laugh and then exited the Dark Room.
Mr. Maker smiled. “Thanks for the nice compliment and confirmation, ya’ll!” He laughed.
Sweetbriar dashed ahead from the entrance door and ran down the middle row, sliding down into the red tinted chair and as the new teen leader with a smile.
Blackjack stood and then occupied the red tinted chair, wiggling side to side with a smile. “Now, I’m the teen leader.”
Googol leaned down and smiled, “Hey, Sweetbriar!”
Nitrix reached over and slapped his arm with a smile. “Welcome back, Sweetbriar!”
Caim turned and frowned down at the empty chair. “Where is Decktow?”
“Who cares?” Sweetbriar stood, stopped, and sneered over the black hair roots on Blackjack. “Get outta of my red chair!”
“No, Briar Patch!” Blackjack continued to occupy the red metal chair with a laugh and wiggled her body with a grin. “It feels so good on my butthole, sweetie.”
Mr. Maker shouted out loud. “Get ready! Set!”
Sweetbriar gasped in shock and spun around, sitting down in the pale blue metal chair, quickly placing the head gear over his bone skull.
Mr. Maker yelled with a laugh.  Go!”
Blackjack continued to sit the red chair as the teen leader of a new hologram game, leaning over, pressing the new button. She quickly places the head gear over her bone skull, laughing out loud with amusement.
Then, her teenly mind exploded into the new hologram game.


Inside a private bedroom setting of beautiful color with a beauty babe at eight o’clock in the early morning hours with an array of hot temperatures with bright sunshine.
“Will it hurt?” She softly whispers and stares out forward wall that shows a row of glass window seeing a flock of flying birds and the passing group of scattered white clouds inside her private bedroom.
The female is seventeen years old and is named Caim, a tall, slender, brown haired, peachy-skin tone teen. Her hologram character role, within the new hologram game, is a popular junior student at Birmingham High School with an outgoing and happy personality, a member of the cheerleader team, and a participant on the high school debate team, and does not have a boyfriend.
Inside her square-shaped private bedroom on the second floor of a hologram American Colonial house, one side wall displays rose tinted paint that is covered in numerous rows of taped up individual colored pictures and glossy photographs, consisting of family members, high school friends, church friends, and other friendly acquaintances.
The opposite wall of rose tinted paint holds an array of furniture pieces with a mirror vanity in the middle of the wall. A set of tall and short furniture drawers for clothing on each side of the vanity piece sits underneath a row of high windows that views the manicured lawn and a nearby grassy park. The window panes are open allowing heated air into the nicely cool room.
On the entrance wall with the same color tone, there is the pink tinted wooden painted door with a crystal door knob near the wall corner and a closed door into a private lavatory on the opposite wall corner, holding her personal bed frame in the middle of the same wall.
The bed mattress is a long bedcover that puddled down over the wooden floor which is designed in a crazy pattern of geometric shapes in the colors of aqua, gray, rose, pink, and orange.
The bed frame headboard is surrounded by a built-in shelf unit. Each row shelf holds an individual cubby hole. Inside each cubby hole, there are groups of pretty picture frames, consisting of Caim and her role playing family members or Caim and her close role playing friends, a few individual golden plated trophies from competition, and framed certificates of accomplishments with her good grades.
The forward wall holds a row of glass windows that is opened allowing a fresh breeze of wind to flow throughout her room. A free-standing light wooden writing table stands inside the wall intersection which is filled with textbooks, small picture frames, and a computer laptop, where she completes each school homework assignment. The rolling chair is tucked underneath the edge of the table, such like; the owner will never sit there again.
From the open windows, an array of bright sunbeams dances across the wooden floor.
Between her bed frame and the side wall of walls, slightly diagonal from the closed entrance door, a new naked twin mattress stands out of place. Seventeen-year-old Caim inhales and exhales in a set of heavy breaths, resting completely naked on top of a new twin mattress underneath a soft satin bed linen in the color of black hue.
Her naked body and the twin mattress face the forward wall with a row of open windows. Her naked body shivers from the cold air from the powerful air-conditioning unit inside the house. Both her naked legs and arms slightly wiggle side to side. Her eyeballs squirt from the bright sunlight, lifting them upward to see the ceiling tile while relieving the minor pain.
She continues to stare up into the painted ceiling tiles that contain a set of individual pieces of colored life-sized flowers. Her eyeballs focus in the mid-point on the colorful ceiling tile and as her eyeballs concentrate on one flower, a pretty electric blue background and a white tinted daisy in the center of the art work.
She had conceived the clever idea from a local artist and then her loving parents had purchased a set of individual pieces of the art work, placing them all over the top of the ceiling. The concept is both cool and unique.
Caim and her role playing high school friends had been the envy of the class, that year, which had been two years ago.
On one side of the new twin mattress, the black satin bed linen hangs over a pair of black tinted sandals while tickling a pair of black tinted naked bones. “No!” Blackjack smiles down at the naked body on Caim. She displays an average height and weight body wearing her black jumpsuit from the Dark Room setting, a stern face of silver tinted piercings, and a bald head that glows in dark sheen.
The eyeballs on Caim slowly skip over the white tile and then focus on the next art piece, a pink rose with a yellow background and as she softly whispers back. “I feel cold.”
Blackjack inhales and exhales saying with a slow and soft timber. “Yes, you feel cold too.”
The eyeballs on Caim skip the white tile and then focus on the next art piece, an orange azalea with a green background and as she softly whispers back. “I’m afraid.”
Blackjack inhales and then exhales in a slow and soft timber. “Yes, you feel afraid also. But it is only you and me here. And I promise that everything will be okay.”
The eyeballs on Caim skip over the next white tile and then focus on the next art piece, a purple iris with a black tinted background and as she says in with a slow and soft whisper. “How long does it take?”
Blackjack inhales and then exhales in a slow and soft timber. “It only takes two minutes.”
The eyeballs on Caim return back to the new line of ceiling tiles and then focus on the new row of art pieces, a yellow buttercup with a pink background and as she continues to speak in a slow and soft whisper. “How many seconds has passed now?”
Blackjack inhales and then exhales in a slow and soft timber. “It has been sixteen seconds, so far.”
The eyeballs on Caim skip over the white tile and focus on the new art piece, a pale blue carnation with a red background and as she continues to slowly say in a soft whisper. “That’s seen like a long time.”
“It is a long time. Now, I would like for you to press your index finger on your right hand onto both of your lips.”
The eyeballs on Caim focus on the art work with the pale blue carnation, saying with a soft whisper. “Is this how it’s done?”
Blackjack inhales and then exhales saying with a soft and slow timber into her smooth cheekbone. “Yes, you can part your lips or keep them closed. The method does not matter.”
Caim slowly inhales and then exhales while barely whispering. “That’s all I have to do.”
“Yes.”
Caim lifts up and then presses her index finger onto her closed lips, smelling the sweet sense, feeling tired and weak and slowly spoke. “My finger is wet.”
Blackjack exhales. “Yes, your finger is wet.”
Caim swiftly drops her hand down on top of her stomach, making the satin bed linen wiggle side to side. She says with a soft and slow whisper. “My finger smells like a ripe banana.”
Blackjack exhales with a slow and soft timber. “Yes, the wet liquid on your finger does smell like a rip banana.”
The eyeballs on Caim skip over the white tile and focus on the next art piece, a bluebell flower with a silver background and as she slowly whispered back. “I feel weak.”
“Yes, you feel weak.”
Caim focuses on the beautiful drawing of the bluebell flower on top of her ceiling inside her private room and slowly speaks. “How many seconds has passes, so far?”
“It has been fifty-two seconds, so far.”
Caim continues to focus on the bluebell flower and bats both eyelashes together. Then she jerks both of her eyelashes open, focusing on the bluebell flower, saying with a slow and soft timber. “I feel tired and weak.”
“Yes, you feel tired and weak.”
Caim focuses on the bluebell flower and coughed out loud, closing her eyelashes, saying with a soft and slow timber. “I feel sleepy also.”
“Yes, you feel sleepy also.”
The eyeballs on Caim shift back up to the upper row, focusing on the pink rose art work and as she gasped in alarm, saying with a slow and soft timber. “I…I feel warmth. I am not cold anymore.”
Blackjack continues to inhale and exhale while speaking a soft and slow whisper into her cheekbone. “Yes, you feel warmth.”
The eyeballs on Caim continue to focus on the pink rose art work with a slight smile and then coughed out loud, clearing a dry throat, saying with a weak whisper. “How many seconds has passed now?”
Blackjack inhales and then exhales while slowly counting the seconds inside her active mind, saying with a slow and soft whisper. “It has been seventy-four seconds, so far.”
Caim focuses on the bluebell flower with a weak smile and a soft whisper. “I feel warmer.”
“Yes, you feel warmer.”
Caim gasps with a grin and as her eyeballs continue to stare at the pink rose art work. “I feel heated like the sun shines on my body. But that is not possible,” she coughs out loud and then slowly exhales and then coughs for a second time.
Blackjack presses the hand down into the cupped palm on Caim while feeling the rolling heat Caim’s resting body. Blackjack leans down with a fake smile and says into the heated cheekbone on Caim. “That is supposed to happen. Everything is well now. You can hold onto my arm, if you would like. Sometimes, touching helps.”
Caim coughs out loud and then softly whispers staring at the pink rose art on the ceiling. “Yeah.” Her cupped hand touches and then slightly squeezes the arm on Blackjack and as her two eyes slowly gather a set of tears, staring at the bluebell flower on the ceiling. Each teardrop swiftly descends down from each corner of her eye socket, landing and then absorbing down onto bottom black satin bed linen on top of the twin mattress.
Blackjack smiles with anticipation. “You are doing a good job, Caim.”
Caim coughs several times in a row as her body continues to produce waves of warmth. Her exterior flesh starts to flush in a pink tone coming from all the internal heated sensation inside her seventeen-year-old body. She continues to stare up at painted ceiling of art pieces but cannot see the art work tiles as each eye socket floods with tears. “I…I am sorry.”
Blackjack inhales and then exhales saying with a soft and slow timber into her eardrum. “Yes, everyone knows that.”
“I didn’t mean to do it.”
“Yes, everyone knows that too.”
“I…I will miss my parents.”
“Yes, they know that.”
“I…I will miss my friends.”
“Yes, they know that too.”
“I…I will miss my grandmother and my other family members.”
Blackjack smiles down at the heated face on Caim, “Yes, they know that also.”
Caim coughs several times and then gags on her mouth spit, loudly grunting in a set of heavy breaths. Her arms and legs feel like an individual lead pipe on top of the black satin bed linen. She cannot lift her index finger on her right hand either but she cannot see the bluebell ceiling tile with both blurry eyeball saying with a soft whisper. “What? What?”
Blackjack inhales and then exhales saying with a slow and soft whisper into the heated and red tinted eardrum on Caim. “This is the hard part. You are fighting against your own body. You must inhale a set of heavy gulfs of air and try to relax your mind. Everything is well now.”
The body on Caim shivers while wiggling both her arms and legs coming from the intense heat that is gathering inside each one of her internal organs and the miles of boiling blood vessels. The eyeballs of Caim are covered in her heated tears that blind her sight from each individual art piece while seeing only the bright beams of sunlight from each open window. She tries to scream but her esophagus has closed shut. She tries to shake her skull side to side to relieve the suffocation process, but her head does not obey.
Caim gags on her mouth spit and then coughs out loud again, feeling a strange formation of heavy pressure within both of her lungs. She grunts in a set of short sounds and then gags on her mouth spit, coughing out air breaths. Her pair of lungs does not response but continues to drop down against her back spine. She squeezes the arm on the physician without cutting into the smooth skin on the physician.
Blackjack continues to watch her hologram medical patient in silence.
Caim loudly grunts and then swiftly gags and then exhales all of the trapped air from her closed her esophagus, gasping for air. Both of her nose holes inflame stretching the internal membranes for a gulp of fresh air that flowed inside her bedroom from the open window, calming the fire inside her set of lungs. Both of her earlobes turn bright red hue from the intense heat inside her dying body. Her face glows in pink hue from the internal body heat of death.
Then her body violently flops up and down on top of the new soft bed mattress and as the black bed linen drops down from her naked body, curling into a heap on top of the clean wooden floor. Caim swiftly halts all violent body movement with a soft grunt, without releasing her cupped hand from the bloody arm on the Blackjack, who is a female hologram medical physician. The eyeballs on Caim stare into the mid-point of the ceiling with a slight smile. “I…”
Blackjack exhales with anticipation. “Do you see a bright light in front of your eyes? What do you see? Tell me please!”
“I…” Caim whispers with a silly grin as her weak body goes limp. Her heart stops beating.
Blackjack sniffs the air waves, smelling a faint ting of honeysuckles, smiling with a chuckle.
Now, the dead body of Caim swiftly starts to turn cold from the death chill.
The butthole on Caim squeezes out a set of stinky shit turds. Her vagina leaks out urine. Her earlobes produce dripping yellow tinted eye wax. And her two eyeballs stare at the painted ceiling of tiles. Her dead body continues to produce a set of foreign sounds of burps and farts as the heated liquid during her death process inside her bio-shell swiftly cools down.
Her dead body will turn into the infamous blue tone as the body temperature falls rapidly at 1.5 degrees Fahrenheit down to zero degrees Fahrenheit.
That is not the concern of Blackjack with the disposal of the dead body of Caim. Blackjack has performed her medical service in the early morning hours at eight o’clock which has taken five minutes of her precious time.
At the bedside of the dead teen Caim, Blackjack leans down and then scratches away the satin bed linen that hangs over her feet and her black tinted physician medical bag. She opens her medical bag with a stern face, placing a set of new surgery gloves over her dark skinned naked hands. The skin scratch is harmless from dead Caim, but Blackjack has to finish her hologram physician medical job. And she is not worried about catching an infection from a high school student that comes from a good-upstanding family.
Anyways, the Alabama State health department had tested the dead girl for all types of diseases, before Blackjack came here.
At the bedside, Blackjack slowly lifts up a sealed surgery scalpel from the medical bag, sitting upright in the chair and then stares down at the smiling face of dead teen Caim. She carefully removes the plastic wrapping and then slowly lowers the sharp knife on top the naked forearm on Caim and then curves a lousy number eighteen into the cold flesh.
That is her designated mark as the attending medical physician of the dead teen girl. 
The clogged blood proteins on Caim swiftly bust through the air and then cover the naked arm on Blackjack, the black satin bed linen, and the light wooden floor.
Blackjack swiftly scoots back from the gushing spillage with a gasp, dragging the medical bag with her sandaled feet and then stops a few feet from the bloody bed mattress, staring at the dead Caim with a stern face.
Tall and slender girl, Caim is not allowed to wear any clothing, during the death act, thus she is nude. Her long brown hair has been chopped off and then closely trims down to her peachy tinted bone skull. Her pale tinted face does not contain an ounce of cosmetic makeup. Her set of fingernails is both short and trimmed without an ounce of fingernail polish along with her toes.
Now, Caim is only a dead bio-shell without a life or a purpose.
In the chair, Blackjack carefully removes the pair of contaminated and bloody gloves, placing all the bloody equipment back into her medical bag, closing up the bag with a stern face and patted the smooth leather on the bag.
She slowly stands upright from the padded dining room chair with a deep sigh and scoots sideways, standing behind the chair, placing her medical bag inside the chair. She reaches down and touches slipping back on her long black tinted duster coat.
The duster coat almost touches the floor and tickles her naked toes inside the open sandals when she walks. She zips the coat shut and covers her regular black tinted clothes, reaching down and grabbed her medical bag. Her matching black tinted medical bag contains all the contaminated and bloody pieces of the medical equipment.
She is required to surrender her medical bag as the physical evidence of her medical work ends at 08:11:45 am.
She turns to face the closed bedroom door as each medical procedure is done in private, without a family member. She slowly moves ahead to the door frame while her pair of eardrums clear heard a set of the loud sobs and low moans on the other side of the door wood, like usual. She exhales with a deep breath and reached out, touching the door know. She slowly twists her wrist bone.
The closed door flies open and reveals a tall and pretty mother, who does not resemble her dead daughter Caim. The mother is another hologram teen in a knee-length dress in a bright violet tone with white dots, a pair of matching high heeled sandals. She wears a pair of yellow tinted toenails and matching fingernails. She displays a head of blonde color with purple streaks, a face of pale skin, and a set of green tinted eyeballs.
The face of the mother is extremely swollen and disfigured with strands of red lines coming from days of tears and maybe numerous alcoholic beverages and as the mother holds a bottle of brown tinted liquid of something and loudly sobs with her tears at Blackjack, who is the female medical physician. “Is she…?”
Blackjack displays an average height and weight body frame, wearing a nose ring, a lip ring, and a row of tiny earrings inside one earlobe. Her black tinted bone skull glows with long black hair underneath the bright hallway lights. She continues to stand inside the bedroom archway with a silence nod, reaching down into the front pocket on her duster coat, pulling out the vanilla colored paper letter-sized envelope and lifted it near my lips in silence.
On the opposite wall, on the second floor, across from the open archway, the blonde haired, blue-eyed, tall, and handsome father of dead Caim is another hologram teen. The teen wears a pair of blue jeans, a pair of brown sandals, and a dark blue colored T-shirt. The father leans against the peach colored paint, wiping off the sad tears, sobbing with a set of loud huffs in deep sorrow. His eyeballs spot the green tinted paper check near the lips on Blackjack and as he sneers with disgust.
The eyeball on the mother of Caim glances up to see the paper envelope that contains a paper check and as her arm reaches out toward the object.
The father of dead Caim dashes ahead with a high-pitched scream and morphs into an entire body armor of silver tinted steel with a pair of matching steel gloves, “Bitch!” 
The mother of dead Caim swiftly changes into full body armor in the tone of pink hue and a matching pair of steel gloves, slamming her gloves together, sneering at the hologram father of dead Caim.
The father of dead Caim collides into the upright body of the mother of dead Caim. The two hologram parents swiftly stumble back into the wall, near the open archway and then quickly drop down onto the floor, fighting with fingernails, tearing into exposed flesh, and screaming at each other.
The father of Caim rolls the mother of dead Caim onto her back spine over the floor and then leans down, sneering down into her swollen face. “Bitch, you dare to take that filthy check of money, after what you did to my child.”
The mother of Caim kicks her steel coated foot at his steel body parts and yells into his swollen and red tinted face. “Ya fucking bastard, she’s dead now. We can’t bring her back. We need the money…”
“Bitch! You only wanted the money, not my daughter.” He pens her down to the floor, rears back, and slams a fist into her swollen face, splattering her blood proteins over her face, his fist, and the clean floor. He yells with heartache. “You killed...murdered my daughter. This is your fault, bitch.”
She performs a mouth spat of her blood onto the floor. “This is your fault. My daughter is dead, dead. She doesn’t exist anymore. You....you wanted to give her everything, everything…”
He slams another fist down into the floor, missing her face with a loud scream of fury. “I didn’t want her to have that car, ever. You…you give her that car.”
“O! It was the car that murdered my daughter. No! You…you murdered my daughter. Now, she’s gone…gone and never to return back into my motherly arms. You…you gave her that new mobile telephone. You…you wanted her to have the latest and greatest electronic toys that would keep her safe and unharmed,” she sobs with tears. “You…you murdered my daughter. She didn’t need a new mobile telephone.”
He sits back with a sneer and wipes the tears. “You…you murdered my daughter. You should have grounded my daughter when she had that accident with her car for illegal texting with her new mobile telephone on the side street which is near our house. But, no! You were pissed at the electronic computerized police officer machine for giving our daughter an electronic warning ticket and then you didn’t ground my daughter from driving her new car to school.”
The mother of dead Caim wipes the blood from her face with a shouting scream at her husband. “She ran into the side ditch from the road. She didn’t harm anyone, but the dirt.”
He leans over and slams his steel fist on the side of her naked and exposed earlobe. “She was texting a message on her mobile telephone, ya stupid bitch. Then my daughter ran into the side ditch. Texting on a mobile telephone is an illegal procedure and causing an accident, bitch. Any…any illegal police procedure is a death sentence for any citizen here. But you did nothing like the sorry-ass parent that you are…”
She kicks at his chest with a foot and then slides away from his body with a sneer. “Fuck you! You’re never here at my home to discipline my daughter. I did the best I could without…”
Inside the open archway, Blackjack exhales with annoyance, seeing the set of fighting parents, like always and then slowly scoots away from the bedroom archway along the wallpaper in the hallway and stops. She places the vanilla letter-sized envelope on top of the side table in plain inside the hallway with a deep sign and then slowly strolls toward the staircase. Her medical job has been completed for the morning.
From the top of the staircase, a set of new four individuals of hologram teens approaches in two pairs and as each one wears a plastic protection suit of yellow hue with a pair of matching glove, walking boots and a rounded helmet that covers the entire skull. The helmet glitters with a plaster shield displaying a sober face. The four individual comprises the local Medical Disposal Team that arrives and stands outside the house until the breathing human has deceased. The team enters the private room, wrapping and totes the dead body out of the private residence and then drives the dead back to the local health department.
Another medical physician reexamines the dead body for unusual cuts or wounds or medical abuse, verifying the death, disposing of the dead body. 
Within the new hologram game Future Dead Person, a dead body does not receive a soil burial as all the cemetery spots are filled with ancient dead bodies and the expense of a single funeral is only for the elite rich, where the dead body is finally buried on their private property.
Inside the hallway of the dead girl’s house, the four members of the Medical Disposal Team slowly shuffles ahead down the hallway looking at each piece of polished furniture and wall hanging inside the beautiful house and then stops in formation, standing in front of the medical physician.
The captain of the Medical Disposal Team turns and smiles at the parents. The parents continue to scream and punch each other’s body parts on top of the hallway floor. She laughs through the internal microphone speaker inside the yellow tinted head gear helmet. “Do I need to go and arrest the two yelling, screaming, and fighting parents of the dead body? The husband is beating the shit outta of his wife. He might just kill her breathing body on top of that pretty pink and green tinted floor rug. I can see her bright red blood proteins on the rug and her swollen face from here.”
Blackjack stares with a stern face into the sideways helmet on the captain. “Then, you have an excellent pair of eyeballs.” I exhale with annoyance and turns to stare at the pair of fighting parents on top of the floor. “No. By law, you are allowed to kill your loving spouse, but not the loving spouse of your neighbor.”
The other three members of the Medical Disposal Team laugh inside the helmet.
The captain turns and sneers at the female medical physician. “Are you a legal lawyer now?”
Blackjack exhales. “No. I explain too much of the legal procedure, thou.”
“Is the dead body marked with your signature?”
She exhales with a stern face. “Yes, I did my job.”
“Does your medical bag contain all of your medical equipment pieces?”
“Yes, I did my job.”
“Does the…”
She stares with a stern face at the captain’s face inside the helmet. “Yes, I know my job.”
“And I know my damn job. My job is to ask you, if you have performed your damn job without an issue. Was there an issue with the dead body?”
“No.”
“Did you receive a wound cut or a fingernail scratch or another skin wound during the death procedure coming from the dead body?”
“No.”
“Did you remove or shuffle the dead body or death cloth for any reason?”
“No.”
“Did you provide the money check for the dead body to one or both of the parents or guardians of the dead body?”
“Yes.”
“Did you mark the dead body with your medical designation number?”
“Yes.”
The Captain stares with a stern face at the physician. “You have concluded your medical job here. Give me your medical bag.”
Blackjack lifts up the medical bag and places inside the plastic palm with a stern face in silence.
The captain stares down at the medical bag. “You may leave this assignment now. My medical team will collect the dead body and return back to the local health department for the final inspection.”
She swiftly scoots around the two rows of team members in the heavy plastic suit. The team will enter the private bedroom with dead body Caim and finishes their medical job. Blackjack slowly paces ahead moving down the elegant staircase to the ground floor on a pair of red tinted fashion high heeled sandals with ten bright sky blue polished toenails. Her sleeveless, short red dress is highlighted with scattered arrays of medium-sized white dots and a white tinted white satin ribbon around her fit waistline, showing off her dark skinned bony naked kneecaps. A pearl neckline is curled around her swan neckline with a set of matching pearl earrings on each earlobe. She is tall and slender body frame with a head of long blonde hair that is pulled back into a ponytail for her medical job. She does not wear facial makeup but glows in a dark tone of health.
She enjoys dressing in a cherry mood for the terrible event which shocks and stuns her client into a silence, occasionally.
On the ground floor, she lands down on top of the polished wooden floor and slowly moves ahead, reaching out toward the door knob. She touches the knob and then flicks her wrist bone.
The door slides open, displaying a pleasant morning of warm temperatures and a promising day of bright hot sunshine.


Driver-less vehicle setting

Blackjack exits the house and moves down each step with a stern face and an empty thought of her medical job, looking both ways down an empty city street. She quickly crosses the active street and halts beside a blue tinted four-door sedan.
The blue tinted four-door sedan is a driver-less vehicle.
She slips off the duster coat, placing the heavy coat over her naked arm, reaching out and touched the flat disc that represents the door handle.
The door slides open from her sweat.
She pitches the heavy duster coat into the middle of the bench seat first and then ducks down, sliding over the smooth leather, stopping in the middle. She reaches out and grabs the electronic flat disc, reading out with a stern face into the rear seat television monitor that accepts each verbal command. “Take me to Home Number 34,298.”
The passenger has the option of verbalizing the destination command or tapping the name of the place or person on the electronic disc with any part of the body, usually an index finger. But the teenagers like to be creative which result in a monetary fee for the parents of each troublesome teen.
She studies and then replaces the disc back into the slot with a stern face.
When the driver-less vehicle reaches the next verbal destination, the electronic name on the disc will disappear as the vehicle has completed its mission.
The driverless vehicle is the main transportation around each town from home to work, unless a person can afford to purchase and then maintain an individual vehicle. The driverless vehicle does not cost any money from each passenger and always arrives on time at the work office or the shopping mall or the school room or the home living room. The traffic flow on rows and rows of driver-less vehicles on each main highway has been planned and plotted, without an accident or a mistake.
The hologram game owns and maintains each driverless vehicle company, where a citizen can purchase one or numerous company stocks and makes a very good living while doing nothing. Since, each worker needs a ride to the work office and then back home to the private living room for the nighttime enjoyment with numerous entertainment programs on single television devise.
From previous hologram game Future Dead Person, a gang of upset hologram adult workers had walked out into the city street during rush hour traffic with an individual weapon killing both the driver-less vehicle and all the riding passengers. The next day, the hologram rule declared a deathly activity as an unforgivable violation of humanity and then proclaimed an immediate death sentence on each killer or murderer or thieve or robber or rapist or molester or any other vile role that involved another human person or place or property.
Thus, the new production line of driver-less vehicles carries bullet-proof glass on each viewing window and an indestructible colored body metal while allowing for the ultimate safety for the riding passenger.
Blackjack has no need to purchase and then maintain an individual vehicle using a driver-less car for her medical job.
The driver-less vehicle ignites a warm engine as she has only been inside the house for ten minutes. Inside the tan colored cab, the metal console flicks with an array of colorful lights on and off, checking for on-going traffic or humans or dogs or children or invisible aliens. Then the vehicle slowly pulls out onto an empty city street and steers toward the next destination.
Inside the rear seat, where only the passenger stays, Blackjack leans down toward the floor and opens my personal small backpack in yellow hue. Her work job requires traveling from place to place. She does not have a stationary office desk with a rolling chair or a set of family photographs on the side wall. She totes a small backpack with a set of personal items on the run, such like, bottles of fresh water, small packs of food snacks, a small bottle of hand sanitizer, a small bottle of perfume, a few soapy hand towels inside a sealed bag, and a change of clean clothes.
Blackjack grabs the soapy hand towel and removes the wet cloth from the sealed bag, wiping down her sweaty face, both of her sweaty arms, and cleans the set of tiny and bloody fingernail slices on her naked arm. She always offers her naked arm to the future deceased person for comfort and peace of mind. She isn’t worried about catching an infection as each future deceased person has been tested and verify as a healthy body. Or she cannot perform her medical job.
If the upcoming dead body has been contaminated with a virus or germs or other nasty bacterium, then the Medical Disposal Team wearing a colorful plastic protection suit is sent into the targeted house, creating a dead body, instead of the medical physician.
She dirties the cold wet cloth and replaces it back down into a new bag, sealing the dirt and memories inside the new bag, wearing a stern face.
This is my job that pays her bills. She does not think or ponder her work job, only performed it in a timely matter.
She drops the new bag back down into the backpack and grabs one of the bottled waters, sipping on the warm liquid and then swallowed without thinking.
The driver-less vehicle is the brains here. The vehicle is programmed to slowly drive down a designated street toward the next place with computer efficiency.
Blackjack seals the unused portion of the bottled water and returns it back down into the backpack, grabbing a dry towel, wiping her face, arms and hands, dropping the towel back down into the backpack. She grabs the small bottle of perfume, lightly spraying her naked neck, inhaling the floral mist with a stern face.
Her medical job is death, but she always wants to look pretty and smell nice for the next future dead person.
She drops the bottle of perfume down into the backpack and then leans back, resting against the soft leather headrest, exhaling without thinking as her driver-less vehicle cruises ahead toward the next house.
Each driver-less vehicle is shaped the same, a perfect shaped box on four equal short black tinted wheels. Each box-shape comes in a different fun color for amusement. Each side displays two square shaped doors that feature a half-way bullet-proof glass window for both protection and eyesight. The rear exterior design is divided in half featuring a wide bullet-proof glass window for viewing and a hidden trunk underneath the rear bench seat for pieces of non-breathing luggage, not a pack of active children. The other half of the rear exterior design displays numerous rows of red tinted tail lights for the behind vehicle.
The front grill is also divided in half displaying a wide bullet-proof glass window for viewing the new landscape and a hidden engine motor underneath the cab seat. The other half of the front grill exterior design displays numerous rows of yellow tinted headlights for the forward vehicle.
The rooftop exhibits a solid glass window showing off the bright sunshine or the dull moonlight rays for beauty.
The interior design inside the driver-less vehicle contains two tan colored sections, the cab and the rear.
The cab section design shows the forward windshield of bullet-proof glass and a metal console that featured numerous panels of monitors, knobs, dials, switches without a steering wheel. The internal computer guides the machine from place to place with ease.
Right below the metal console of numerous gadgets, the tan colored metal floor is filled with the engine motor. No person is allowed to sit and ride on top of the hot engine. The surface is heated and turned red in hue, if the driver-less vehicle steers for long periods of time.
The rear section design exhibits a long tan colored leather bench seat that can hold four persons with ease for sitting or sleeping, not standing upright. Each side door opens and then closes shut by hand sweat only, so the computer cannot lock a human inside the metal box.
After the door closed shut, the passenger verbally orders the computer to the next travel destination.
If the passenger cannot verbally order the computer to the next place, then the computer assumes that the person is stupid or drugged or intoxicated or dying. The computer places a distress command into the computerized police office department. Then a police drone shows up and examines the passenger inside the driverless vehicle determining stupidity or intoxication or death. If one of the four conditions are presented, a human medical physician shows up and then sends the passenger back home, unless dead, of course.


Home Number 34,298 location
Warm temperatures without sunlight and clouds


The driver-less vehicle slows the speed and then pulls over, parking inside one of the designated spots, killing the engine in silence. In the rear seat, Blackjack stirs from the quiet silence and opens her eyelashes, staring through the clean windshield.
The driver-less vehicle also is programmed to clean the exterior of the vehicle during travel. When the vehicle stops and parks at the final destination, the exterior is shiny and clean, glittering in the bright sunlight. During a rainstorm, the boxy vehicle is also clean and shiny.
Blackjack finds the sight rather amusing to see a moving vehicle without a driver face and a set of hand-type machines cleaning the exterior metal during the trip.
The new city street is lined on both sides of the avenue with an array of tall and short grand houses, where the middle class of workers both live and thrive in peace, harmony, and without crime.
Blackjack does not question the city street or the future dead person’s motive as the law enforcement officers on the ancient television entertainment programs does while trying to figure out the mindset of an evil murderer.
Inside the rear seat, she exhales with sadness and reached over, slapping the metal door.
The door slides open.
She reaches down to the floor board and grabs up the two items, placing each one on top of the seat.
She slides out the open door and stands upright on top of the smooth gray pavement, sliding the duster coat over her red dress, wearing a stern face. She grabs a new medical bag and a set of red tinted satin bed linen, toting in one hand. She reaches down and slaps the door shut.
The smart computer inside the driver-less vehicle will figure out that the passenger has exited the rear compartment. Then, the driver-less vehicle will stay parked on the street until Blackjack returns back into the rear seat. Or another passenger opens the rear door and then orders a next destination.
Blackjack does not fear someone else stealing her driver-less vehicle.
The fleet of driver-less vehicles is assigned a certain vector within each city grid. Her driver-less vehicle is assigned to her residential vector and will wait during her department from the rear seat.
At 09:09:09 a.m., Blackjack rushes across an active but empty city street. The rest of the neighbors are at work or working inside the house with a set of house chores and a room of school children during the electronic academic lessons.
Young children up to the age of fifteen years old do not attend a physical school building. The physical school building does not exist. The current American law decides that a parent is responsible for teaching their young child or children all the academic subjects from birth up to the age of fifteen years old.
The age of fifteen years old produces either a well-mannered young person or a troublesome kid.
At the age of fifteen years old, the teenager takes an electronic academic examination which determines his or her career path for the rest of their life. Then, the teenage will take a driver-less vehicle each morning to that particular physical school learning about the new life-time job. So, the student is either always learning or left in the dust or the dark, so to speak. And the parent becomes responsible for physical punishment and mentally education their own child or children.
Each electronic academic lesson and test has been provided a free service on a free television devise inside each private living room environment. Even if, the child destroys the free television devise which happens in a violent home environment, a flying computerized drone will delivery and then install a new one for free to the home.
Beside the blue tinted driver-less vehicle, Blackjack moves over a vanilla concrete sidewalk, stopping in front of a yellow tinted door, without ringing the doorbell.
A doorbell and an old fashioned door knocker do not exist. The house electronic computer photographs and records all her outside movements in front of the closed door.
The door automatically opens after scanning the face of the new and scheduled visitor. If the visitor is unfamiliar to the computer, a family member has to open the metal door with fear.


Future Dead Person living room setting


The front door slides open for the new and scheduled visitor, Blackjack. Part of her work job, she submits her pretty mug to the computer home security system for her final visitation with the future dead person.
Blackjack enters into small nicely gray marble foyer floor with two short side walls in mutated gray wallpapers that shows individual flying ocean dolphins.
A pod of gray tinted ocean dolphins ironically did not exist within the current hologram game Future Dead Person as the international fishermen and women had hunted and killed the smart and beautify species into extinction.
The current hologram modern world environment only selfishly cares about its own selfie, including the acquisition of the latest and greatest electronic devise which shows an ancient recording of a pod of dead and extinct gray tinted that soar ocean dolphins over the deep blue ocean sea.
The new hologram world exists in a pocket with a wide and long massive steel and chrome city that employs the brilliant minds of humans to program each electronic devise and also pays the dumb minds to assembly the electronic equipment, a balance of true economies of life.
The hologram rule does not allow an animal zoo with row of caged steel or enclosed concrete walls to house a single captured ocean dolphin or any other mammal species anywhere on the planet. Thus, numerous mammal, insect, fowl species has quickly dies out from the air, soil and water pollution factors that does not affect each human as much throughout the oceans and the land.
At the new residential house inside the foyer, Blackjack halts a few feet from the open door.
The door automatically closes shut and locks all the occupants inside the house. The house is safe from a band of thieves or robbers. But, within the hologram world, there is not anymore crime or criminal. And the only method out of the residential house is twisting the door knob, swinging open the door, exiting the house.
However, the master or mistress of the house can lock in each family member or any visiting guest inside with a touch of a button.
Inside the foyer, Blackjack wears a stern working face and extends the red tinted bed linens in silence toward a row of other male and female teens that block the open hallway entrance.
Part of her medical job, Blackjack is not required to speak or lecture to any of the other family members of the current future dead person. An electronic message had been sent from her employer, the local health department to the future dead person with detailed instructions of the death ritual.
Blackjack turns in silence and views the current room space.
A living room setting of bright blues, dull greens, and pale yellows mixes with both old and new pieces of sitting furniture and numerous side tables with an individual small lamps and an array of family photographs. The room contains sitting or standing people ranging from teenagers to young adults to mature adults, and finally elderly persons. Children under the age of fourteen years old are not allowed to be present during the death ritual. The hologram rule is not finite. The family of the future dead person can elect to have all of their biological and step children present inside the house, but it tends to create and cause a terrible commotion of noise and annoyance inside the house.
Each blank face, on every teen, stares back at Blackjack in silence. 
This is common to see during the death ritual.
She slowly turns in silence and views the opposite room space.
A dining room with a new lighted wooden dining room table holds an array of various hot and cold food trays plus cold and hot beverages. Around the table, sitting or standing teens, who stare back at Blackjack in silence also.
She returns back and stares into the row of male and female teens. The row of teen blocks the forward entrance hallway which leads down to the location of a hidden future dead person. Each outfit is presented in a pastel color of solidarity and joy. Each face is sober. Some of the faces wear a streak of long rolling hot tears. The other distorted teenly faces display a set of nasty sneers.
In the middle of the row, a tall and slender teen female wears a new designer dress of peach hue and a pair of matching shoe that indicates warmth and security. She displays a face of designer makeup. However, her designer makeup is ruined with streams down a set of hot tears of water, streaking down her wet face. She steps forward within the middle of the line away from other males and females and then stops, jabbing a blue tinted manicured fingernail back at the closed front door, screaming with a lady sneer at Blackjack. “Go away right now! You are not needed here. You’re not allowed to come any closer to me and my family. Get out of my house right now!”
Blackjack does not react, as usual. She often encounters this “hatred attitude” from one or more loving role playing family members, as usual. She continues to hold the set of red tinted bed linens which is part of the death ritual.
Blackjack does not speak a first name.
However, the new teen female is the hologram character wife for the Future Dead Person. She slaps her chest with a sneer and a nod. “I have a personal lawyer. My lawyer is coming here right now. I have a lawyer to stop this stupid silly process.”
Blackjack continues to stand and extends the red tinted bed linens and does not react, as usual. She hopes that the wife of the Future Dead Person is fibbing.
A hologram criminal lawyer does not exist within the current hologram game Future Dead Person.
The last hologram lawyer had been executed by the hand of a machine with a hand gun from a previous game. The hologram rule found the last legal lawyer as a selfish lump of upright mold of water and salt that only benefited his or her person, not the poor or rich client. Thus, the role of a lawyer had been terminated throughout the program.
A Future Dead Person is not tried or convicted of a crime in a court of law with a judge or jury or lawyer. A Future Dead Person is accused of a crime by an electronic recording from a registered machine and then is sentenced to immediate death by the same machine, giving the task to one of the employed medical physicians, like Blackjack.
If the wife of the Future Dead Person has secured a new lawyer, then the lawyer will be arrested for performing a fake function here at the house of the Future Dead Person. Then, the fake lawyer will be taken away from the house by the Medical Disposal Team member and then swiftly executed in another terrible place. 
Inside the interior foyer of mixed tan colors, Blackjack continues to stand and watch in silence. She is used to the nasty treatment. She is the executor, not the judge.
The wife of the Future Dead Person moves ahead with a sneer. She passes the nose profile on Blackjack with a sour frown and stops, opening the door. She looks out, up, and down the city street with a smile of tears and a stomach of worry. “My lawyer is coming right now. I have verified her arrival in a few more seconds. Then, this silly process will end. Then, you will leave my house and never return here again.”
A few seconds later, a new driver-less vehicle has stopped and parked in front of the vanilla tinted concrete sidewalk in front of her house.
She gasps in alarm and then slowly back steps with a soft mumble of incoherent from the open archway, pointing at the driver-less vehicle that is a very wide and tall red tinted van. The van totes around the Medical Disposal Team. Each teen slides out from one of the four open doors and then stands in front of the van in a straight line wearing a yellow tinted protection site that covers topside from each set of colorful hair roots down to each painted or non-painted toenail.
Inside the archway of the house, the wife of the Future Dead Person reaches up and grabs her throat, spinning around with fear to see the blonde ponytail on Blackjack, saying with a worried brow. “Where’s my lawyer? I don’t understand this. My lawyer is supposed to here with me for my future dead husband. I paid that lawyer all of my hard-working money. Where is my lawyer? My lawyer needs to be here to stop this madness, this silliness, this stupid death ritual. What am I supposed to do, Mom?”
The older brother of the Future Dead Person possesses a tall body frame and a head of long brown hair with a pair of green eyeballs and steps forward from the line of males and females, moving ahead, shaking his skull and stops, taking the red tinted bed linens with a silence nod.
Blackjack drops her hand and touches the long rough duster coat, nodding back in silence to the family member. The duster coat is never cleaned from each death job. However, the duster coat is always removed from her body without receiving a splash of blood proteins or bodily fluids. But the internal lining does stink of her body odor, when a set of wet sweat molecules has accumulated during the death ritual and then clings to the soft fabric inside the duster coat.
She does not feel like cleaning duster coat, which is part of her medical job and is required to wear in front of each family member of the Future Dead Person.
Inside the foyer of the house, the older brother spins around from Blackjack with a sad face of tears, swiftly moving ahead deeply into the rear of the house toward the room, where the Future Dead Person is resting.
Blackjack continues to stand and wait. The other male and female teens on the stationary row continue to stand and stare at the medical physician.
The wife of the Future Dead Person shuffles side to side at the back spine on the medical physician and waves both arms in the air, beating the air molecules to death, screaming out loud at the medical physician. “No! You can’t do this to us! We have children, young children. He is so sorry. He paid all the cash money back. Please, don’t do this thing. Please, I beg to you! Please, stop this! Please, he didn’t intend to perform an evil act. This is not an evil action.”
The female teen wears a head of bright red hair, a swollen red face of tears, and dress of pink hue, stepping forward from the line of short and tall males and female teens dashing ahead to the wife of the Future Dead Person and hugs the teen. She slowly drags the wife of the Future Dead Person away from Blackjack and the open archway. They shuffle into the dining room, stop, and stand in the wall corner, crying out loud with sad tears.
Inside the lighted open hallway, the older brother of the Future Dead Person returns back and stands by the hallway wall, nodding to Blackjack.
The other males and females in a pastel outfit slowly shuffles sideways allowing Blackjack entrance down the hallway.


Hallway entrance setting


Blackjack slowly moves ahead with a stern face, strolling down a hallway of an array of mounted picture frames that completed colorful role playing family photographs of happier times, sniffing her own flora perfume up her nostrils. She has memorized the layout of the residential house of the Future Dead Person from the informative electronic disc inside pocket on the rear storage wall in the driver-less vehicle. The Future Dead Person must provide the room location, the layout of the house, and the preferred color of their personal set of bed linens for their death ritual.
The hallway floor and each room of the house are both clean and tidy. That is another hologram law for the medical physician, like Blackjack.
As a hologram character, if her body becomes injured or infected with germ diseases, then she experiences a hologram death and exits the current hologram game.
Within the earlier hologram programs of the Future Dead Person during the death ritual, the residential house of the Future Dead Person had been cluttered with an array of large impassible objects and numerous smelly trash items over the walls, the floor, and the doorways while hoping to offend the sensitive sinuses of the medical physician.
The plot had failed.
So, the Medical Disposal Team has been created to handle each and every messy obstacle with a set of deadly consequences.
Inside the house, Blackjack slowly performs a zig-zag through a couple of hallway and then halted down a well-lighted hallway, reaching the last door on the right side, turning to face an open room.


Future Dead Person man-cave room setting


The room is decorated in dark panel wood on each wall and a brown tinted carpet floor. The ceiling is painted in the same matching dark brown tone. The color of the room reflects an ancient tomb which is an ironic play on the Future Dead Person, who is going to become deceased in a few more minutes within the hologram game.
The room is a den setting or currently known the man-cave, where the man of the house can relax and unwind from a day’s work or from the wife’s mouth.
Inside the open archway, Blackjack enters the room, stops and stands behind a metal chair.
The forward wall contains a mounted gigantic television device that is powered down.
Each side wall holds an assortment of shelves that contains individual picture frames of his role playing family members and sporting events, an array of books, and a mounted head of a dead buck with sixteen anglers. The entrance wall displays an entrance door and an office desk with an electronic computer.
In front of the single metal chair, a single naked twin mattress has been placed in the center of his man-cave room, wearing a bottom red tinted satin bed linen on top of the soft fabric and a separate top satin bed linen over the future dead person’s private parts.
On top of the red tinted mattress, a tall and slender male body of lean muscles and as his open mouth exhales in a set of heavy breaths with fear. He displays a bald head of dark skin, a clean shaven face, and a body without a piece of jewelry. Even a married Future Dead Person is not allowed to wear a wedding ring or a piece of jewelry. His body has been shaven by his hand or the hand of the robot before the death ritual.
His naked body and the twin mattress face the forward wall of dark wood paneling that displays the gigantic television devise. His naked body shivers from the cold air coming from the powerful air-conditioning unit inside the house. Both his naked legs and arms slightly wiggle side to side.
The eyeballs on Blackjack narrow from the row of artificial bright lamps on the ceiling.
Normally, the selected death place is a bright atmosphere with a set of open windows emitting winds of fresh air and numerous rays of bright happy sunshine which simulates the mythical heaven inside the person’s imagination.
The Future Dead Person has selected a gloomy room in which to scare or impress Blackjack, the medical physician.
Blackjack has seen numerous death rooms and this one is not scary to her nerves, without the bright sunshine and dark paint, missing a viewing window of trees and blue sky.
Some of the earlier Future Dead Person hologram game during the newly institutional death ritual, the family head had selected an empty hallway for the death spot, since the family members had not wanted to use any particular bedroom which would have become haunted by the dead spirit of the Future Dead Person, if the hologram character had believed in that sorta of thing. However, the hallway had accessed numerous other doorways.
During the death ritual, the medical physician had sat beside the twin mattress to administer the deadly quick poison and had been blinded from any moving activity that occurred behind the back spine on the physician.
One of two of the family members had hidden behind a closed door inside the hallway and then jerked the metal door open, scaring the medical physician into a panic or sometimes into death.
The poor dead medical physician had reacted to the sudden “boo” scream inside the enclosed hallway coming from the child or the teenager or even a mean adult, pressing the poison tip down into their own precious skin. Once the wet poison had touched the human flesh, it had been quickly absorbed down into the exterior epidermis tissues and then swiftly traveled throughout the blood stream. Death had been the only logical outcome for the medical physician with a hologram termination, not the Future Dead Person within the hologram game.
Thus, the lead teen would lose each and every time.
Thus, the family unit and the Future Dead Person had escaped from their home and then left the city, finding a new place to live and thrive for years and decades and centuries. The local leader of the city had not pursued the Future Dead Person for any reason as there had not been established a local police department for any type of criminal action.
Thus, each hologram game had terminated the fun purpose of the death event.
A new hologram law had been immediately implemented that each Future Dead Person had to be placed inside a private room with a set of four enclosed walls with a window and a working door. If the private room had not provided, when the medical physician had arrived with the new instructions, then the Future Dead Person and then entire family unit of the Future Dead Person would be given the death poison. Thus, the Future Dead Person and his or her family unit had died all at the same time.
The deadly activity had taken some time, after killing all the holographic rioters, before the smarter hologram teens got and then obeyed the deadly message.
Inside the man-cave, the room is enclosed with four walls as stated by the new hologram law. Usually, one of the four walls contain a single viewing window.
However, Future Dead Person, or maybe his revengeful wife has selected his particular enclosed room, hoping the set of poisonous fumes will also kill the medical physician.
Blackjack whispers for her eardrums only. “Wrong, bitch!”
The poisonous pad of death is a highly concentrated liquid, not gas, and only lethal through a human skin touch. Some of medical physicians wear a pair of gloves for extra protection. However, the poisonous pad of death does not absorb onto the finger of each medical physician.
Inside the man-cave, standing behind the metal chair, Blackjack unzips and then removes my duster coat, placing the item across the back rest on the cheap chair.
The type of chair has not been designated by the hologram law either. Usually, a nice chair of sturdy hard wood is provided for the physician medical as the physician needs to over lean the Future Dead Person, administering the pad of death.
The wife of the Future Dead Person has provided a cheap and flimsy metal chair that will easier buckle or fall down, if an excessive amount of human weight tries to sit down on top of the bent and dirty metal seat. Thus, the poisonous pad might accidentally press into the exterior skin on the medical physician. This is one reason for the long black tinted duster coat with a set of long sleeves and a long tail that barely touches the floor, keeping the medical physician alive from an accidental fall with the poisonous pad of death.
Blackjack whispers for her eardrums only. “Wrong, again, bitch!”
And she happens to be a tall and slender body frame. She can sit down on top of the bent metal seat that will easier hold her light weight, but the dirty chair will ruin her new red tinted dress.
Blackjack does not usually form an internal mental opinion on the Future Dead Person. But her internal instincts are singing to her smart neurons that justice will prevail.
She smiles and scoots the chair away from the new mattress with the Future Dead Person, slowly sliding the satin bed linen away from her sandals, kneeling down onto the soft brown tinted carpet, placing her medical bag down on top of the soft carpet floor beside her leg.
On top of the mattress, the Future Dead Person laughs out loud and stares up into the brown painted ceiling. The smile covers his clean shaven face. He softly whispers to the ceiling and Blackjack, the hologram character medical physician. “Awe! You are the teen leader of this weird hologram game.”
“That is not your non-rehearsed line within the death ritual.” She laughs out loud with a grin and leans down into his face. “Decktow, I didn’t recognize your personality without your pair of black tinted leather wrist bone gloves and your shoulder length brownish-golden curls. Too bad, they shaved your head…”
“Why am I on top of a naked bed of satin sheets without my clothes or a set of clothes?”
She sneers. “Say your lines, Decktow! So, I can move on to my next hologram requirement. Okay!”
He exhales and as his pair of eyeballs only stares at the ceiling. “I tried so hard to provide a good life for my family. I have little ones. My girls are two and four years old.”
She smiles. “Yes, I know.”
Part of her hologram physician medical job, Blackjack totes around a black tinted medical bag that contains the pouch of deathly poison. She leans down with a stern face and opens up her medical bag, dropping her hand down into the darkness of the leather. She pulls up the single pouch and lifts into the air with her stern face.
On top of the mattress, he laughs out loud without performing his hologram character that requires for him to sob out loud and then cry tears. “Life is so hard and unfair. Geez! I work myself to death for tiny bits of stuff. Dumb! I receive my electronic paycheck and then poof. The electronic money is all gone in a second to pay for all of the monthly expenses. My wife and I work. We work hard and long hours. So, true!”
Blackjack smiles. “Yes, I know,” she slowly places the pouch of death poison over her index finger and her middle finger that securely holds the finger pouch in place without dropping the deathly pad onto her own body skin.
He continues to stare, without crying out a set of tears but see blurry lines on the ceiling. “Ah! Now, I can see. Well, I can’t see. The hologram program is forcing my hologram body to imitate a death act.”
She laughs. “No. You are going to die. I promise. I am the death person that administrates the death poison.”
He laughs. “Ah! I got it now. I understand the premise of the hologram game. The death poison can also hurt your hologram body. So, this is like a game of cat and mouse but it is a death and not death.”
“Say your hologram scripted lines, Decktow!”
He frowns. “Now, I have learned my lesson, too late. Now, I am going to be the one gone in a second and then poof outta of here, too late. I am not anymore, too unlucky. I am not here, too real. I am so sorry, not really. I wanted more for my family, too much. I love my family…”
She smiles. “Yes, I know. My pouch of death is constructed with three layers of white tinted thick rubber with a set of small holes at the tip of my first finger. My middle fingernail scratches into the indented rubber slot that activated the flow of poison.”
On top of the mattress, he exhales with a deep breathes and stares to sob out loud with a set of rolling heated tears, seeing only a set of blurry lines. The body action is programmed by the hologram game for Decktow to experience death. He frowns. “I did steal the cash money, but I was so careful. The computer, it found the tiny difference in the money account. Then the computer found me, too early. I was paying the money back into the account, very slowly. I had big expenses. I am so sorry. I will miss my wife and my two kids. Boom!”
She laughs. “Yes, I know.” Blackjack stares at the white tip on the pouch. A set of tiny droplet in rich black hue slowly bubbles up from the hidden interior pocket and then slowly covers a small arena on the white tinted rubber index finger mold. She smiles. “It is both beauty and deadly.” 
On top of the mattress, he exhales with a deep breathes and continues to sob with tears, closing his eyelids to his terrible fate. “I wish that I could kiss my wife goodbye again. I wish I could fuck my wife again. Is this normal? I am rambling on with nonsense words. But I have confessed. I have cleared my soul.” 
She exhales with a stern face and a soft whisper. “Yes, I know.” She reaches out with her other naked hand and touches his non-movable naked arm in silence.
During the earlier hologram game versions of the Future Dead Person, the Future Dead Person had been able to move one or two or four limbs in the air. Sometimes, the Future Dead Person had hit or injured the medical physician, which cancelled the game. So, the hologram programmers had modified the game for each Future Dead Person character.
Now, Future Dead Person cannot lift but only wiggle a limb on top of the mattress.
Inside the man-room, on top of the mattress, Decktow jumps outta of his skin and gasps in fright. “Is that normal? This hologram game is scary and weird and creepy like you, Blackjack.” he breaths in a set of shallow air molecules with fear from this teen girl.
“Thank you! This is my favorite bedtime pastime,” she exhales with a stern face and a soft whisper. “Yes, I know.” She twists his naked forearm upward to face the ceiling and then she leans down, extending the pouch of death to Decktow. She gently touches his naked index finger with the tip of the white rubber, smoothing the black tinted poison over his naked finger meat. She smiles. “It is both beauty and deadly.”
On top of the mattress, he gasps in fear as and he blinks both of his eyelids while staring up at the brown tinted ceiling. He sees each tiny seam between each wooden plank. The hologram programmer had done a good job making the ceiling. “Do you sneer that line all the time inside this weird hologram game? And I feel cold.”
Blackjack sit back away from his body and swing over to see down into her open bag, dropping the white tinted pouch of death with the black tinted droplets of poison back down into the side pocket within the black medical bag. The bag is specifically designed to hold the pouch of death, once it is fully activated without killing the off her hologram character as the medical physician.
She sits upright, inhaling and then exhales with the final step, saying with a slow and soft timber. “Yes, you feel cold too,” she stares down at his placid face.
His pair of eyeballs continues to scan the smooth brown planks on the ceiling with a whisper of fear. “I feel cold. And I am afraid. But you enjoy this sensation from each dying person.”
“Yes,” she inhales and then exhales in a slow and soft timber. “Yes, you feel afraid also. But it is only you and me here. And I promise that everything will be okay.”
His pair of eyeballs skips over each brown plank and as his breathing sharpens into a set of shallow breathes. “I have never played this particular hologram game. How long does it take?”
“I love this game. I play all the time at my home,” she inhales and then exhales in a slow and soft timber. “It only takes two minutes.”
His pair of eyeballs skips around each brown plank on the ceiling. “That’s quick. And I cannot wiggle my hologram body. I have a body and I feel each limb. But I cannot flip you the birdie or spit in your face or move my hand to slap your face, Blackjack. My body feels trapped or glued or stuck or something.”
“That is the point of the game to experience a real life death without the permanent outcome,” she smiles and then inhales and then exhales in a slow and soft timber. “Yes, it is a quick trip. Now, I would like for you to press your index finger on your right hand onto both of your lips.”
He continues to stare at each brown tinted plank wood on the ceiling with a whisper. “Is this the method for everyone?”
Blackjack inhales and then exhales with the anticipation of his death while saying with a soft and slow timber into his smooth cheekbone. “Yes, you can part your lips or keep them closed. The method does not matter.”
He slowly inhales and then exhales while barely whispering to the ceiling. “That’s all I have to do.”
“Yes.”
He lifts up and then presses the black tinted index finger onto his closed lips, smelling the sweet sense, feeling tired and weak and slowly spoke. “My finger is wet.”
She smiles. “Yes, your finger is wet.”
He swiftly drops his heavy hand down on top of his naked chest making the satin bed linen wiggle side to side, saying with a soft and slow whisper. “My finger smells like a ripe banana.”
She grins with a soft timber. “Yes, the wet liquid on your finger does smell like a rip banana.”
He exhales with a deep breathes of fear and slowly whispers. “How many seconds has passed now?”
She inhales and then exhales in a slow and soft timber. “It has been twelve seconds, so far.”
His pair of eyeballs skips over to the next brown tinted wooden plank on the ceiling, slowly whispering. “I feel weak.”
“Yes, you feel weak.”
He stares at the single brown wooden plank on the ceiling with a slowly timber. “How many seconds has passes, so far?”
She smiles. “It has been fifty-nine seconds, so far.”
He continues to focus on single brown tinted wooden plank on the ceiling and smashes both eyelids together. Then he jerks both of his eyelashes open, focusing on the single wooden plank again, saying with a slow and soft timber. “I feel tired and weakened. This is a really wired and weird hologram game, Blackjack.”
“Yes, you feel tired and weak.”
He focuses on the single brown tinted wooden plank on the ceiling and then coughed out loud, closing his eyelids, saying with a soft and slow timber. “I feel sleepy also.”
“Yes, you feel sleepy also.”
His eyeballs shifted back and forth focusing on one single wooden brown plank and as he gasped in alarm, saying with a slow and soft timber. “I…I feel warmth. I am not cold anymore.”
I continued to inhale and exhale while speaking a soft and slow whisper into her cheekbone. “Yes, you feel warmth.”
His pair of eyeballs continues to focus on the single wooden brown plank with a slight smile and then coughed out loud, clearing a dry throat, saying with a weak whisper. “How many seconds has passed now?”
Blackjack inhales and then exhales while slowly counting the seconds inside her active mind, saying with a slow and soft whisper. “It has been ninety-four seconds, so far.”
He focuses on the same wooden brown plank with a set of clear eyeballs and a weak smile, saying with a soft whisper. “I feel warmer.”
“Yes, you feel warmer.”
He gasps with a smile and as his eyeballs continues to stare at the same brown plank on the ceiling. “I feel heated like the sun is shining on my body. But, there isn’t a window inside my man-cave.” Decktow coughs out loud and then slowly exhales and then coughs for a second time.
She presses her fingers down into his cupped hand while feeling the rolling heat from his rested body, saying with a smile into his heated cheekbone. “That is supposed to happen. Everything is well now. You can hold onto my arm, if you would like. Sometimes, touching helps.”
He coughs out loud and then softly whispers still staring at the wooden brown tinted plank on the ceiling, “Yeah.” His cupped hand touches and then slightly squeezes the arm on Blackjack. His two eyeballs slowly gather a set of tears while staring at the single wooden brown tinted plank on the ceiling. Each teardrop swiftly descends down from each corner of his eye socket, lands and then absorbs down onto bottom red tinted bed linen on top of the twin mattress. 
She smiles down at his face. “You are doing a good job.”
He coughs several times in a row and as his rested and weakened body continues to produce waves of warmth. His exterior flesh starts to flush in a pink tone coming from all the internal heated sensation inside his teenly body. He continues to stare up at painted ceiling of brown but cannot see the rows of planks as each eye socket flood with his heated tears. “I…I am sorry.”
Blackjack inhales and then exhales saying with a soft and slow timber into her eardrum. “Yes, everyone knows that.”
He continues to say in whisper with a set of tears. “I read my hologram character. So, I am supposed to say to you. I didn’t mean to steal the money. I only wanted to help my family.”
She smiles. “Yes, everyone knows that too.”
“I…I will miss my wife.”
“Yes, she knows that.”
“I…I will miss my two kids.”
“Yes, they know that too.”
“I…I will miss my mother.”
“Yes, she knows that also.”
“I…I will miss my father.”
“Yes, he knows that also.”
“I…I will miss my friends.”
“Yes, they know that also.”
He exhales with more tears from the hologram body while experiencing a human death. “I hope they will remember me. This is a really weird game, Blackjack.”
She sneers. “That’s not in the script. But I answer anyway to you, Future Dead Person. Yes, they will.”
He coughs several times and then gags on his mouth spit, loudly grunting in a set of heavy breaths. His arms and legs feel like an individual lead pipe on top of the red tinted satin bed linen. He cannot lift his index finger on his right hand, either, but he can see the brown tinted ceiling planks with both eyes, saying with a soft whisper. “What? What?”
She inhales and then exhales saying with a slow and soft whisper into her eardrum. “This is the hard part. You are fighting against your own body. You must inhale a set of heavy gulfs of air and try to relax your mind. Everything is well now.”
His body shivers while wiggling both her arms and legs coming from the intense heat that is gathering inside each one of his internal organs and the miles of boiling blood vessels. His eyeballs are flooded in tears that blinded his sight from each individual wooden brown plank of wood while seeing only darkness inside the enclosed man-cave room. He tries to scream out loud in fear, but his esophagus has closed shut. He tries to shake his bald skull side to side to relieve the suffocation process, but his head does not obey.
He gags on his mouth spit and then coughs out loud again, feeling a strange formation of heavy pressure within both of her lungs. He grunts in a set of short sounds and then gags on her mouth spit, coughing out air breaths. His pair of lungs does not response but continues to drop down against his back spine. He squeezes the arm on the physician without cutting into the smooth skin on the physician.
Blackjack continues to watch her medical patient in silence.
Decktow loudly grunts and then swiftly gags and then exhales all of the trapped air from his closed esophagus, gasping for air. Both of his nose holes inflame stretching the internal membranes for a gulp of fresh air that flowed inside his man-cave room from the powerful air-conditioning unit, calming the fire inside his set of lungs. Both of his earlobes turn bright red hue from the intense heat inside his dying body. His face glows in pink hue from the internal body heat of death.
Then his body violently flops up and down on top of the new soft bed mattress and as the red bed linen dropped down from his naked body, curling into a heap on top of the clean wooden floor. Decktow swiftly halts all violent body movement with a soft grunt without releasing her cupped hand from the bloody arm on Blackjack. His pair of eyeballs stares into the mid-point of the ceiling with a slight smile. “I…”
She gasps. “Do you see a bright light in front of your eyes? What do you see? Tell me please!”
“I…” he whispers with a silly grin and as his body goes limp. His heart stops beating.
Blackjack sniffs the air waves, smelling a faint ting of blue berries, smiling with a chuckle.
Now, the dead body of Decktow swiftly starts to turn cold from the death chill.
The butthole on dead Decktow squeezes out the stinky shit turds. His penis leaks out the last of the urine. His pair of eardrums produces dripping yellow tinted eye wax. And his two eyeballs stare at the painted brown tinted ceiling of wooden planks. His dead body continues to produce a set of foreign sounds of burps and farts as the heated liquid during his death process inside his bio-shell swiftly cooled down.
The dead body on Decktow will turn into the infamous blue tone as the body temperature fell rapidly at 1.5 degrees Fahrenheit down to zero degrees Fahrenheit.
That is not the concern of medical physician Blackjack with the disposal of a dead body. She has performed another one of her medical service in the late morning.
At the bedside of the hologram dead married male Decktow, Blackjack leans down and then scratches away the satin bed linen that hangs over her feet and her medical bag. She opens her medical bag with a stern face, placing a set of new surgery gloves over her naked hands. The skin scratch is harmless from the dead teen male, but she has to finish her hologram medical job. And she is not worried about catching an infection from a dead body that comes from a good-upstanding family.
At the bedside, Blackjack slowly lifts up a sealed surgery scalpel from the medical bag, sitting upright in the chair and then stares down at the smiling face on Decktow, where he has experienced a hologram death.
Right now, his physician teenly body is back down into the Dark Room, fetching a plate of food or relieving his full badder until the current hologram game Future Dead Person ends.
When the game ends, Blackjack is the teen leader and plans to play inside her hologram chair, until the midnight hour.
Inside the house in the man-cave, beside the dead Decktow, Blackjack carefully removes the plastic wrapping and then slowly lowers the sharp knife on top his naked forearm, curving a lousy number eighteen into the cold flesh. This is her designated mark as the attending medical physician of the dead married male Decktow body.
His clogged blood proteins bust through the air and then cover his naked arm, the red tinted satin bed linen, and the brown carpet floor.
She swiftly scoots back from the gushing spillage with a gasp, dragging the medical bag with her feet and then stops a few feet from the bloody bed mattress, staring at the dead Decktow with a stern face.
Now, Decktow is only a dead bio-shell without a life or a purpose.
On top of the carpet floor, she carefully removes the pair of contaminated and bloody gloves, placing all the bloody equipment back into her medical bag, closing up the bag with a stern face and pats the smooth leather on the bag.
She slowly stands upright from the carpet floor with a deep sigh and scooted sideways, standing behind the metal chair, placing the medical bag inside the chair. She reaches down and touches slipping back on her long black tinted duster coat.
The duster coat almost touches the floor and tickled her naked toes. She zips the coat close and covers her street clothes, reaching down, grabbing her medical bag. Her matching black tinted medical bag contains all the contaminated and bloody pieces of the medical equipment.
She is required to surrender her medical bag as the physical evidence of here medical at 09:39:12 am, this morning.
Blackjack spins around and faces the closed man-cave door as each medical procedure is done in private, without a role playing family member. She slowly moves ahead to the door frame while her pair of eardrums clearly hears a set of the low moans coming from the dead Decktow body, as usual. She exhales with a deep breath and reaches out, touching the door know, slowly twisting my wrist bone.
The closed door flies open and reveals nothing.
Inside the open archway, Blackjack exhales with surprise and turns to see the square formation of the Medical Disposal Team inside the empty hallway.
She slowly moves out from the bedroom archway and strolls down an empty hallway and stopped beside a small empty table. She places the vanilla letter-sized envelope that holds the payment check on top of the table surface in plain sight as it is explained in the death ritual details. The hologram rule pays the family unit for each Future Dead Person with a set of lump sum cash money.
From previous Future Dead Person hologram games, the hologram prisoner system had failed from the lack of money to retain an individual prison cell for numerous convicts inside a set of depilated buildings throughout the nation. So, the hologram rule had released all the criminals back into normal society among the workers and the rich people. Of course, each criminal had started to commit another crime. Then, the hologram rule had hired a set of armed and bonded bounty men and women to find and murder each criminal, after they had committed a crime, of course. So, the simple, but nasty procedure had been very successful.
When a person had committed a crime, the person had been executed on sight inside the store or the house or the manicured yard. The violence had led to exterior showing on the streets by the news media reporters.
Then the hologram rule had executed each media reporter on live television in front of all the citizens. Each media reporter had viciously recorded a vile nasty crime, without helping the victim front of the citizens.
Now, a media reporter role does not exist anymore within the hologram game as a single citizen can watch a minutely newscast coming from millions or zillions of live people throughout the hologram world on their individual mobile telephone screen without leaving the living room sofa and eating a bag of potato chips.
The outdoor murder execution idea had been so swiftly popular with all of the citizens that a single or groups of citizens had started performing their own set of execution style murders for a captured criminal, including a blown off skull, a bloody beheading, or a body stake burning.
The body stake burning reached the highest ratings among the mass of young people and elderly folks throughout the world.
Of course, the family unit of each captured, tormented, and killed criminal had started to whine and complain using the free air waves into each mobile telephone.
So, the hologram law had taken the right from each citizen to kill a criminal person, not their personal weapon. And then the hologram rule had created the death ritual for each person regardless of age or color or sex or race or nationality. When a person had committed a crime, the person became executed outside on the front manicured green tinted lawn.
Over time, some of the family members had whined and complained about the slow-blooding death on each of their loved one within the public eyeball.
So, the hologram rule had moved the death execution inside each private household, where each family member had been able see or hear the live action death scene, a much better overall plan. The bar chart of nasty murderous crime acts had significantly decreased down to one crime act per month.
However, a new criminal had emerged that came from an array of selfish car accidents, drunk drivers, combative parents, friends, or family members, thieves, and robbers. So, the hologram rule had expanded the common law to include any type of criminal action a crime and then had ordered an immediate death sentence.
So now, the current hologram society works in peace and harmony with the invention of the driver-less vehicle. The mobile telephone has freed an individual away from home base, the work office, and the school classroom. The scientific driver-less vehicle concept has created a set of numerous millionaires, billionaires, and trillionaires, who heavily invested into the rapidly growing technology.
However, the modern hologram society is heavily split into the rich people that do not work for a living and the workers, who work every day paying for food, shelter and living expenses.
The new hologram criminal law does not change but applies to both the rich and worker class.
Inside the house, in the hallway, Blackjack stares at the medical disposal team in their funny uniforms exhaling with a deep sigh. Her medical job has been completed for the morning. 
Inside the hallway, four individuals approach Blackjack in two pairs and as each one wears the familiar plastic protection suit of yellow hue with a pair of matching glove, walking boots and a rounded helmet that covered the entire skull. The helmet glitters with a plaster shield displaying a sober face.
A few minutes ago, the Medical Disposal Team had arrived and then stood in silence outside the house, until the breathing human became the Future Dead Person.
Now, the team of four enters the private room with their hologram job. Each one works to wrap up and then tote out the dead body from the private residence, driving the dead body back to the local health department. There, another hologram medical physician will re-examine the dead body for unusual cuts or wounds or medical abuse, verifying the death, disposing of the dead body.
Inside the hologram game, a dead body does not receive a soil burial as all the cemetery spots are filled with ancient dead bodies and the expense of a single funeral is only for the elite rich, where the dead body is finally buried on their private property.
Inside the house, in the hallway, the four members in the Medical Disposal Team slowly shuffle ahead down the hallway looking at each piece of polished furniture and wall hanging inside the beautiful house and then stop in formation, standing in front of the medical physician.
The captain of a new Medical Disposal Team frowns through the internal microphone speaker inside the helmet. “Do you need an escort to the front door, ma’am? I encountered the nasty family members at the archway also.”
Blackjack frowns. “No. I will scurry outta of here. Do I need to report this matter to someone for you?”
He smiles with a wink at the pretty female medical physician, “No, ma’am! We can handle this nasty stuff on an hourly basis and can handle it here also. So, we’ll take care of the rest of the medical procedure from here.”
“Thank you,” she smiles back at the cute teen male, since she does not have a dating boyfriend or a male or female social friend at the moment. Her physician medical job comes first.
He smiles.  “Does your medical bag contain all of your medical equipment pieces?”
“Yes.”
“Was there an issue with the dead body?”
“No.”
“Did you receive a wound cut or a fingernail scratch or another skin wound during the death procedure coming from the dead body?”
“No.”
“Did you remove or shuffle the dead body or death cloth for any reason?”
“No.”
“Did you provide the money check for the dead body to one or both of the parents or guardians of the dead body?”
“Yes.”
“Did you mark the dead body with your medical designation number?”
“Yes.”
The captain says with a stern face to the physician. “You have concluded your medical job here. Could you please give me your medical bag?”
Blackjack lifts up her medical bag and places inside the plastic palm with a stern face in silence.
The captain stares down at the medical bag. “You may leave this assignment now, medical physician. My medical team will collect the dead body and return back to the local health department for the final inspection.”
There are numerous four-member medical disposal teams throughout the city with that career job. A medical physician is not assigned to any particular medical disposal teams either. The team of four is randomly assigned a new work list order, like the medial physician, and then they go to work for the day.
Blackjack swiftly scoots around the two rows of team members in the heavy plastic suit. The team enters the private bedroom of the dead body Decktow to finish their medical job.
She slowly paces ahead and performs a zig-zag through the maze of hallway in her pair of red tinted fashion high heeled sandals with ten bright sky blue polished toenails.
Her sleeveless, short red dress is highlighted with scattered arrays of medium-sized white dots and a white tinted white satin ribbon around her fit waistline, showing off her bony naked kneecaps. A pearl neckline is still curled around my swan neckline with a set of matching pearl earrings on each earlobe. 
However, all of her personal attire is hidden behind the long and black tinted duster coat. Her long blonde colored ponytail swishes side to side down the back of the rough duster coat.
One the first day of employment, each new medical physician receives a used and ancient duster coat. The coat is durable and worn and solid black in color. No explanation had been provided for the ugly and ancient duster coat. But it is worn by each medical physician for the medical job.


Future Dead Person foyer room setting

Blackjack appears and exits out from the main hallway, facing the closed front door.
Inside the dining room, the wife of the dead Decktow follows her hologram script and screams out loud at Blackjack standing in the wall corner. “I hate you. You ruined my life. I will hate you until the day that I die. I hope you die and rot in hell forever.”
Inside the foyer, Blackjack moves ahead with a stern face. She is used to hearing that type of vicious language. She stops and reaches out, touching the door knob. The wife of the house will not dare lock Blackjack inside the living room for some type of vicious revenge.
During the earlier hologram program, a couple of family units had locked all the doors inside their residential house and had not allowed the medical physician to exit the residence. Then they had viciously tortured and then killed the medical physician. Some of the family units had escaped from the city and lived in another part of the hologram city outskirts like a clan of wild animals.
Some of the family units had been caught by a gang of worried and scared neighbors. Of course, a new medical physician had arrived to administrate a new pouch of death to each targeted family member, including the young children and all the pet animals.
The new hologram rule establishes instantaneous death to each family member, if a medical physician becomes tormented and then murdered in cold blood. But some family units continue to try for family fun.
However, the wife of dead Decktow and Blackjack know the hologram law.
In front the closed metal door, blackjack twists her wrist bone.
The door slides open and reveals the beginning of a heated day with rays of bright sunshine.
Blackjack smiles, “Awe! I have seen another satisfied customer.” She dashes out the archway and exits the house of newly deceased Decktow.


Driver-less car setting

Blackjack rushes across the active, but empty city street with a smile and slams into the driver-less vehicle, smashing a sweaty hand onto the clean smooth metal.
The car door slides open.
She slips down inside and scoots down on top of the bench seat, reaching out and slapped the door with her hand.
The rear door slides close. She bounces and stops in the middle of the bench seat with a deep sigh, reaching out, grabbing the electronic disc and reads out loud the next name. “Take to Apartment Building number 34. Apartment number 118.” The driver-less vehicle carefully enters an active but empty city street, slowly driving to the next destination. Inside the rear bench seat, Blackjack removes the duster coat and grabs a new soapy towel, wiping down the sweat from my face, arms, and hands. The death work does not bother her. It is the family member of the dead person.
The family members refuse to understand that their loved one had committed a crime. Any and all crimes are deemed guilty and proclaimed as a death sentence to the live and breathing human, which has created the group of medical physicians.
Blackjack finishes cleaning here body, feels refreshed and then reapplies her flora perfume and sniffs the sweet fragrance up into her nostrils. She smiles for a brief second and then exhales with her medical work.
The driver-less car slows the speed and turns off the main road, steering down a road and then pulled into a sideways parking spot. The car powers off.
On each side of the public road, the street is lined with individual gigantic building.
Each building is tall, wide, and square-shaped in gray tinted concrete. The building represents a complex of individual apartment that reached twenty stories into the skyline.
On the front of the building each row of twenty stories contains thirty individual enclosed apartment settings.
On each side of the building, a large enclosed freight elevator lifts up each resident and their family members from the ground and then stops at the designated floor.
Each visual row only shows a long window and a colored metal door that separates each apartment setting. Each door is colored differently as not to confuse the small children with their particular apartment residence.
Blackjack opens the car door and stands upright, locating the correct apartment, moving ahead. She reaches back and touches the car door. The rear door closes shut as the driverless car waits on the medical physician again.
She rushes over the broken vanilla sidewalk and avoids the wide cracks and potholes, carefully moving ahead toward the set of elevators on the side of the building. She enters the open carriage and stands alone inside the steel floor, leaning over, pressing the correct steel coated button.
No other person is standing inside the open carriage with me. The other people resides work for pay or still in the bed for fun, watching one of the numerous entertainment programs on the television device.
The elevator gate of steel wire slowly closes upward and then locks the carriage for safety. The elevator carriage slowly lifts upward and then halts at the designated floor, opening the gate again. She slides out and turns slowly strolling over the outside balcony and then reaches the entrance door.


Apartment Building number 34
Apartment number 118
Hot temperatures with bright sunshine


The morning is turning into a heated afternoon. The sun shines brightly over each dull painted man-made object.
Blackjack stands in front of the purple tinted closed door, pausing in thought.
The outside of the apartment displays a single closed entrance door and a long side window that was heavily tinted. She cannot see the interior of the room, but the occupants can see Blackjack.
During the earlier hologram game programs, some of the family members had not opened the entrance or side or back door for the medical physician. With the creation of the Medical Disposal Team, they had too now.
It is not a pretty sight, after the Medical Disposal Team has finished their assigned or unassigned bloody task. And the medical physician is not needed anymore. And the contacted family unit learns very quickly the meaning of a bloody non-speaking message.
For years as a hologram death physician, Blackjack has entered through more apartment doors rather than the front porch on a house. Her medical job is not designated for a certain sector within the hologram city. There are more medical physicians beside her person. 
A Future Dead Person work list pops up with a proper name. Then the computer randomly assigns the work list order to the first available medical physician. Then a driver-less vehicle appears in front of the house toting the medical physician to the first work job of the new day. Sometimes, the work job lasts until the nightfall.
Actually, the work list job can last until midnight.
On top of the exterior walking bridge in front of the closed purple tinted door, Blackjack smiles at the upcoming terrible encounter and as she does possess a range of emotions but hides all of them during her working job. She reaches out and touches the metal door knob, flicking her wrist. The metal door slowly opens and then slightly bangs against the dull orange tinted side wall.


Apartment home location, living room setting

The entrance room is filled with numerous unfamiliar teens that play an individual role of family members, friends, neighbors, and guests of the future dead person, without a deadly weapon.
Blackjack enters the room, stops and views all the colorful wall decorations. The decorations are wild and festive colors of rich red, bright yellow, dark green, and browns in the designs of giraffes, lions, cheetahs, elephants, and zebras. Each wall is decorated with an array of various small and fake animal masks. The tile floor contains numerous animal print rugs. The furniture pieces are designed in a blend of black hue or dark brown wood of mixed styles, including a long couch and several oversized chairs.
Overall, the room is very cozy and warm.
Numerous scattered huddles of teens mumble in a set of whispered words while staring at Blackjack. She continues to stand and stares at the row of short and tall teen males and females. This is a typical and technical formation guarding the Future Dead Person from each close family relative. The group of teens has chosen the color of white hue for the somber occasion.
On the side wall near the wall masks, one male teen points with a nod and a stern face at the medical physician. “She is the one.”
In the row of short and tall teen males and females, a tall and overweigh teen female starts crying with a set of loud sobs and rolling tears, covering her face with the handkerchief. She plays the hologram role of the mother of the Future Dead Person.
Within the rows of teens, each person starts to loudly wail with yells and hot tears along with the mother of the Future Dead Person.
Yes, Blackjack is the one. She mentally sounds arrogant and confident, because she is both arrogant and confident within the hologram game Future Dead Person.
On top of the floor rug with a roaring tan colored lion, Blackjack holds her arm with a stern face in the air, exhibiting a white tinted set of satin bed linens. This item needs to be placed underneath the Future Dead Person.
The scattered huddles of teens continue to loudly wail and hug each other. The other teens start to toss small tree twigs and rounded colorful pebbles at the sandaled feet on Blackjack.
As instructed in the death ritual instruction, the action is a violation to injury a medical physician.
She is not too bright wearing a pair of fashion high heeled shoes for her working job. Usually, the medical physician wears a pair of rouge and dark low-heeled boots that covers their painted or non-painted toenails.
Blackjack will not report each teen that is pitching a tiny tree twig at her naked feet, but some of the rocks hit her naked ankle bone through the duster coat. She exhales with annoyance and continued to stand, hearing the wails, watching the people.
One of the teens dashes ahead and shoos the misbehaving teens into a wall corner as each teen continues to yell and scream out loud with a string of loud curse words.
Blackjack continues to stand and hold out the set of white satin bed linens, hearing the loud wails of sadness. Yes, this sad behavior happens all the time.
Yes, it is a bed sheet and the color of white silky satin. Each Future Dead Person must rest on top of a new bed mattress, instead of using their own bed mattress, because the Medical Disposal Team has to verify the death of the actually dead person. This is not her rule. The rule comes from the hologram program.
If the mother or the father or the sister or the brother within the family unit does not accept and use the set of white satin bed linens, then Blackjack will call the Medical Disposal Team. The team is parked outside on the city street while waiting for the death performance to end.
Inside the apartment entrance room, inside one of the smaller huddles, a teen male moves ahead with a tear-stained face and stops, reaching out with a nod, accepting the satin bed linens. He spins around moving down a narrow hallway.
On top of the floor rug with a roaring lion, Blackjack waits and continues to hear the loud wails coming from each loud crying teen.
The hologram law is simple and precise. If a person is injured or killed by another person, but a family member, then a person is guilty and then is sentenced to die by the hand of medical physician.
Inside the house, the male teen races back down the hallway and halts standing outside the archway, nodding in silence with a red swollen face to the medical physician.


Future Dead Person hallway entrance setting


Blackjack slowly moves ahead with a smile while face hearing the string of ugly curse words behind her back spine without reacting.
The hallway is narrowed and contains an array of mounted picture frames that complete the colorful role playing family photographs of happier times and an unpleasant smell from the single bathroom. She gags out loud and then sniffs her wrist with the flora perfume, going up her two nostrils.
She has memorized the layout of the house from the informative electronic disc inside pocket on the rear storage wall in the driver-less vehicle. Each hallway leads ahead passing an enclosed kitchen unit, one single bathroom setting, and two bedrooms.
The future dead person must provide the room location, the layout of the house, and the preferred color of their personal set of bed linens for their death ritual.
The hallway floor is clean and tidy, as usual. The other bedroom doors are closed which is part of the death ritual instructions. She halted down a dimly-lighted hallway, reaching the last door on the right side, turning to face an open room.


Future Dead Person second bedroom setting


The selected room is extremely crowded with an array of individual pieces of ancient and fake wooden furniture pieces. The forward wall holds a single window which is open. The bright sunlight dances on top of the gray tinted dirty carpet and heats the room.
Blackjack enters into the open archway with a smile and halts with a gag of mouth spit, “Geez! You are not supposed to smell right now.”
On top of the mattress, a dark skinned, average height, muscular teen male wiggles side to side with massive grunts of loud noise.
She enters the room and scoots around the upright furniture pieces with a laugh, stops, and stands beside the bed mattress, smiling down at the unfamiliar teen, “Hmm! Who are you? Usually, each role play is taken by one of the teens in the pale blue chair. You were not sitting inside one of the pale blue chairs.”
He struggles side to side without moving a limb with a sour frown. “And any teen can take on any role play, if that teen is swift enough. I was swiftly,” laughing.
She laughs with a grin, “Ah! Good. Then you cannot escape from me or death,” blackjack removes her duster coat and places on top of the side table, looking around for a chair.
He wiggles side to side and grunts out loud while staring up at the white tinted ceiling. “I feel stupid.”
She cannot find a sitting chair and returns back with a sneer at his face. “You must speak your scripted lines inside the running hologram game.”
He frowns with frustration and wiggles his body side to side. “Yeah, I feel stupider,” he laughs.
She continues to stand and sneers down at his face. “Yeah, I have a good job at the local factory and provided for my family. I had been an athletic in high school. Then I went into the professional sports team. Then I blow out my kneecap. Then I couldn’t run or stand or walk. I have to come back here and got a good job. Now, I have completed your first scripted lines.”
He grunts with loud noises and blinks both eyelids staring up at the white tinted ceiling. Both of his eyeballs start to moisten. He shakes his face with frustration. “I feel wet.” 
She sneers. “You must speak out loud the scripted lines. You are to say: I am cold.”
He frowns up at the ceiling and tries to snap his fingers. “Where’s the music? Why can’t I produce my favorite song inside this semi-dark, smelly, crowded room space? Why can’t I snap my fingers? This game thing is really weird.”
She laughs. “Because your mind and your body are experiencing the sensation of death, a dead person hears their own sweet song. I find that most of the adults love this hologram game,” Blackjack places her medical bag on top of her duster coat and opens the flap, reaching inside for the white tinted pouch of death with the black tinted droplets of poison. “Say your next scripted line, buddy.”
His eyeballs continued to scan the smooth brown planks on the ceiling with a whisper of fear. “I am not afraid of death, but I am afraid of boredom. I am bored to death,” he laughs.
“Wrong, again!” she pulls up the single pouch and lifts into the air, slowly spreading the death poison over her index finger and her middle finger that securely holds the finger pouch in place without dropping the deathly pad onto her own body skin. She frowns. “Yes, you feel cold too.”
His pair of moist eyeballs continue to stare at the ceiling and as he softly whispers. “How long does it take?”
She smiles. “Finally, the right scripted line. It only takes two minutes to face death.”
His pair eyeballs skip around each white tinted plank on the ceiling. “That’s not a quick hologram death. But this is one,” the unnamed and unfamiliar male closes his eyelids and laughs out loud, slowly fading his hologram body off the naked mattress.
She gasps in shock and stares down at the hologram body that completely disappears, frowning with annoyance. “Yeah, that was quicker trip, buddy.”
The floor violently shakes side to side. She drops the finger pouch of poison and slams into the upright piece of furniture with a sneer, spinning around, rushing toward the open archway.
Blackjack exits the room and rushes down the hallway, turning to see each side wall. Each family portrait and framed picture has disappeared. This is bad. When one primary hologram character leaves one of the subsections of the hologram game, the rest of the section starts to disappear. She races ahead before the house collides with her hologram body. Then she will experience a hologram death and return back into the boring Dark Room.
Without a doubt, her bossy friend Sweetbriar will acquire the red chair back without force and with his mouth.
She is her chance to play the hologram game with a captured audience of teens, who each possesses a sick mind anyways.
Inside the hallway, Blackjack enters the living room space and halts with a gasp. Each teen continues to sit or stand while chatting and laughing with fun while each one swiftly disappears into nothingness from the hologram house. Each teen is bored with the current active hologram game and is leaving the hologram environment. This is danger.
Each hologram game requires a minimum number of gamers. However, the Future Dead Person hologram game requires hundreds of game players, where this program is an excellent gameplay with a captured audience of teens on top of an isolated ocean island in the middle of a storm.
Blackjack races ahead and tumbles side to side, slamming into the hallway wall. Part of the hard surface floor is gone. She exits the house and races across the active but empty city street, colliding into the driver-less vehicle with a loud grunt, smashing a sweaty hand onto the clean smooth metal.
The rear car door slides open.
She slides inside and scoots down the middle of the bench seat with a deep sigh, slamming a wet hand on her forehead. “I need to rethink and regenerate. Take me home!”


Inside the home property of gamer Blackjack, inside the living room setting, the closed front door does not bother to chime and then slowly parts open, revealing a short and plump unfamiliar teen female. The female slowly enters through the open archway with a smile and nosily stomps over the unpolished wooden floor, stopping and stands in front of the lonely piece of furniture. She turns and smiles at each wall and window looking up at see the ceiling, returning back to see the medical physician, “Awe! This is a really cute house. Where are all of your matching furniture pieces? Did you spend all your money already?” She moves ahead with a smile and stops a few feet in front of the dull dark colored dining room table.
The personal house that belongs to Blackjack is an empty space of rooms. The hologram character gets a house and the medical job. However, a hologram character does not need much in terms of furniture. 
The long hallway displays three bedrooms in the rear of the house. One bedroom holds a queen-sized bed mattress without the metal springs. The metal springs sound with tiny squeak like a mouse.
Blackjack hates rodents.
Now, her house has been invaded by a single rodent.
She smiles. “You don’t seem the type to decorate the wall or the floor. I’m your new Medical Auditor, number sixty-two.”
Blackjack continues to sit and stare at the unfamiliar teen without a sneer or a spoken word.
The Medical Auditor hologram role is required to come to each medical physician house and deliver the paper paycheck in person while also evaluating each employed medical physician. The touch of death within the paying job is difficult within the mental mind of each death doctor for some reason.
The unnamed and unfamiliar female teen slides down into an empty non-matching dining room chair with a hard piece of wood as the seat stands across from Blackjack. She wears a silly grin with a soft giggle of annoyance at the medical physician too. “Have you really gone through sixty-one other medical auditors? I am truly shocked.”
Blackjack continues to sit in the mismatched dining room chair and sneers at the unknown teen.
She wiggles the check near her smile. “I have brought your paycheck for the three medical jobs.”  No one is allowed to use the word, death, around each medical physician for some weird reason. She grins with a nod. “The envelope was cash money, not a paper check or an electronic check. The hologram rule wants each employed medical physician paid quick and easy,” she slowly lowers the thick black colored envelope on top of the smooth but dull wood, sliding it over the hard surface. The thick envelope stops with a few inches at the edge of the table. She laughs out loud. “Catch it! That’s a good deal, honey! You make two hundred thousand electronic dollars per medical job. I tried to become a medical physician, but failed.” So, she becomes a medical auditor with a number and without meaning. She smiles with a nod. “I am here to evaluate your medical skill. Do you know that? Yes, of course, you know that. You have been during this medical job for three years. That’s makes you…”
Blackjack continues to sit and growls at the teen female.
She smiles. “Yes, you are. Do you wanna say something to me about your last medical job?”
Blackjack continues to sit and snarls at the teen female.
She smiles with a wink. “I was told that you were difficult. That’s why your last medical auditor left you and the organization. He has retired.”
Blackjack continues to sit and sneers at the teen female.
She grins. “Well, that is it for me! It’s a death joke. Ya know, it is the place of dead,” she stands upright from the chair with a smile, turning to nod at each wall, returning back to see blackjack. “You should try to decorate the empty walls, placing some of your own cherry personality over the dull dried tan colored paint. Now, how are you feeling? Tell me the truth, dear!”
Blackjack continues to sit and snarls at the teen female.
She reaches down into her pocket on her long duster coat of red hue and lifts up a sliver of white paper near her smile. “O! I have also delivered two more names on the work list for you,” she slides across a piece of paper over the hard surface.
The hologram rule does not want the name of each Future Dead Person identified by a name only the address. Inside the driverless vehicle, the street address appears on the work list and disappears after the passenger has returned back into the rear seat, like a ghost.
Of course, in the electronic world, any piece of information can be retrieved at any time.
She grins with a nod. “The work list is dated for today. All right! I’m going, leaving, never to return back to you,” she smiles at death physician number eighteen with a grin. “I look forward to seeing you this afternoon after the next two professional medical jobs. Have a good day, Blackjack,” she spins around and slowly exits the house, slapping the front door with a loud boom.
At the dining room table, Blackjack frowns down at the sealed brown colored envelope of paper money and reaches down, grabbing a new black medical bag with the poison. She stands and slides a hand outward, grabbing the sliver of paper, standing upright from the mismatched dining room chair. She back steps from the table and moves ahead, exiting her house, waving down a driverless-vehicle in front of the sidewalk.


House number 6,932
Cool temperatures and cloudy skies


Blackjack enters the vehicle and slides into the middle of the bench seat, reading out loud the new address, “House number 6,932.”
The driverless vehicle slowly merges into busy traffic and sails down the roadway. A few minutes later, the driver-less vehicle arrives at the proper house and slips to the side, parking on the opposite side of the city street.
Blackjack sits in the rear bench seat and frowns at the house, exiting the vehicle, strolling toward the structure.
The two story house is only partial built which is really weird. The top of the house is missing a rooftop and displays the outline of lumber on the second floor. The front door is open, which is also strange. There is not a set of steps, only a flat slab of concrete welcoming any new visitor.
She enters the house and then halts a few feet inside the living room space with a huff of frustration. The large greeting room is filled with a living room set but empty with teen holograms. She tosses her arms into the air with annoyance wiggling her fingers in the cool breeze through the room, slapping them back down over her duster coat, moving ahead down a well-lighted hallway. She whispers for her eardrums only. “Every teen is abandoning my hologram game for some reason. This is a fun game, to me.” She turns and frowns at each side wall without a single role play family member picture. Each side room door is opened which is a violation of the hologram rule also. She halts and stands inside the open archway on the last room. 
The room displays four walls and one single glass window of beaming down bright sunlight rays that hit the wooden floor. The four walls are not decorated, only painted in white hue. In the middle of the room, a naked teen female rests on top of the naked mattress and wiggles side to side without moving her limbs. Each limb has been mounted inside a metal clamp. The girl stares up at the ceiling. The hologram program makes her hologram body sob and cry with tears. She slowly says out loud. “I didn’t mean to kill all these people. Some of the people were my friends. I was at a fun party. It was a fun party. I was drinking alcohol. I had drunk too much of the good alcohol. I became so happy and then so mad and then so mean at all of them. I hated them. I wanted to kill them. All of my friends at the fun party made me so mad and angry and miffed out. I started tossing and swinging both my arms. Then I picked up a baseball bat,” she laughs. “What’s a baseball bat?”
Blackjack moves ahead toward the naked girl on top of the naked mattress with a frown. “Where is set of the bed linens?”
The teen female smiles. “O! I started swinging the baseball bat. It was quite heavy. I didn’t know I was doing that. Then I hit something soft. I continued to hit something soft over and over again. Yes, I enjoyed hitting some soft. My finger felt a p…”
“Yes, they know that.” Blackjack sits down inside the single hard back chair and places her medical bag in her lap, opening the flap, reaching down for the death pouch of poison.
On top of the mattress, she gasps in fear as and she blinks both eyelashes while staring up at the white tinted ceiling. “I feel cold.”
Blackjack pulls out the white tinted pouch of death with the black tinted droplets of poison onto her finger with a smile. Things are back within normal parameters inside the current hologram game Future Dead Person. This unnamed and unknown teen is reading the words from the scripted hologram game. Else, the Future Dead Person cannot experience the beauty of death with the permanent outcome. She laughs. “Yes, you feel cold too,”
The eyeballs on the girl continued to scan the white ceiling tiles with a whisper. “I’m afraid to death. I don’t wanna die,” she snaps her fingers with her hand inside the metal clamp.
A new musical song entitled Wild Thoughts starts to sing out loud: Another one/ We the best music/ DJ Khaled/ I don’t know if you could take it/ Know you wanna see me nakey, nakey, naked/ I wanna be your baby, baby, baby/ Spinning and it’s wet just like it/ came from Maytag/ White girl wasted on that brown liquor/ When I get like this I can’t be around you/ I’m too lit to dim down a notch/ ‘Cause, I could name some thangs that I’m gonna do/ Wild, wild, wild/ Wild, wild, wild thoughts/ Wild, wild, wild/ When I’m with you, all I get is wild thoughts/ Wild, wild, wild/ When I’m with you, all I get is wild thoughts/ Let’s go…”
Note: The true musical song entitled Wild Thoughts had been performed by DJ Khaled and featured with singer Bryson Tiller and Rihanna in the year 2017.
Inside the sitting chair, Blackjack frowns down at the wiggling female, whispering for her eardrums only, “Another one! This is not my day.” She exhales and says out loud to the girl. “Miss, the thoughts of death are beautiful. So, think the word, beautiful. Now, I’m going to touch your arm. Please, try to calm down.”
The teen female growls out loud. “You calm down. I’m perfectly fine. Get away from me!”
Blackjack reaches down with a stern face and a calm timber still wearing the rubber finger glove, where the black tinted poison bubbles over the smooth surface. “Miss, this will only take a few minutes. I promise. Then, you’ll be gone from here. I promise.” She laughs and holds the black poison near the naked forearm on the teen female.
It does not matter where the black tinted poison touches the human skin. The exterior epidermis tissues absorb all of the tiny bubbles instantly. Then the human will be death in two minutes.
Blackjack is responsible for dropping the smeared rubber glove back down into the black medical bag as proof of the medical procedure. Else, she could be proclaimed as a murderess of the newly dead person.
On top of the naked mattress, the naked teen female bucks up and down and as she continues to mouth spit drool, shouting out loud. “Get away from me, girl! You die, not me, today! I don’t wanna die in here. I wanna live.” Her forearm strains the muscles against the metal clamp and as her hand wiggles side to side.
Blackjack slowly lowers the rubber glove with the black tinted poison toward her naked forearm. “Miss, this is almost over with. Please, try to calm down.”
As a hologram role play medical physician, Blackjack is trained to handle this type of anti-social situation inside the classroom. For years, within the hologram game, she has encountered numerous beasts like this one. However, today, she has encountered two unstable Future Dead Persons. But, the poison liquid will solve that issue for her and for the teen girl.
The naked arm on the teen breaks free from its metal clamp and reaches up, grabbing the arm on Blackjack and as she sneers. “Now, you can die, not me!”
Blackjack gasps in alarm and fear. That is not supposed to happen. The Future Dead Person cannot wiggle up or away from the death bed.
The teen female jerks the other free hand from the metal clamp and as her upright body sits upright on top of the naked mattress. She still holds onto Blackjack’s arm that displays the rubber finger glove with the black tinted poison and growls. “Now, I think you should try the poison pouch inside of me.”
Blackjack jerks her arm from the teen, without success, sneering at the female. “Miss, let go of my arm!” She only needs to swipe the black tinted poison somewhere on the naked body of the unknown teenage girl. Then the girl will die within two minutes as played by the hologram rules.
Blackjack leans over and uses her free hand shoving the teen girl away her face with a sneer. “I only need for you to touch the black tinted poison, somewhere on your body. Then you will die in two minutes like I have planned. I’m the medical physician here and you are the future dead person.”
The unknown teen girl releases Blackjack’s arm and falls down, landing on top of the floor, wiggling her limbs and screams out loud. “You die, not me! That’s my plan of action here.”
Blackjack swiftly stands upright from the chair and stares down the teen with confusion, shaking her blonde ponytail. “Ugh! You keep repeating your words, miss. That tells me you are the crazy one in here. So, I’m outta of here, honey.” On the floor, the teen girl continues to wiggle side to side wearing a bloody nose and a pair of burnished eye sockets.
Blackjack slowly back steps from the silly teenager girl with a whisper. “This is a new development. So, I must return back to base and report this incident to the Medical Disposal Team.” She spins around and exits the room. 
Blackjack dashes ahead down the empty hallway with worry and then her upright body collides into an upright and stationary captain on the Medical Disposal Team, shouting out loud in panic and worry into her shield helmet, “Help! Help me! The…the…she is out of control. She is...”
“What?” The female captain shoves Blackjack to the side and slowly wobbles side to side ahead over the wooden floor with a sneer, entering into the bedroom.
The second team member reaches out and touches the medical physician with concern. “What happened in there?”
Blackjack thumbs back over her collar bone in panic. “The…the Future Dead Person has attacked me.”
The second team member is a cute teen male, who gasps in worry. “Well, that is against the rules. We’ll take care of this. You stay right here, miss. What’s your name, honey?”
Blackjack nods with a smile and stands in place while pondering the new hologram rule. “Yes, yes, I stay right here.” She wraps both arms around her duster coat with annoyance.
Inside the hallway, the rest of the members on the Medical Disposal Team slowly wobble ahead and then enter the last room.
The hallway is quiet. The house is quiet also.
Her mind is active and as her body shivers in worry more than fear. The Future Dead Person is not dead. Blackjack has not ever encountered a vile situation like that before. Maybe, she should exit the hologram game. It is very apparent the island teens are not keen on this game. Well, she needs to grab her medical bag out from the room before she can continue on with her personal fun journey.
She spins around and moves ahead, exhaling with deep breathes, calming a racing heart. She stops and stands inside the open archway.
Inside the room, behind the legs on the naked girl, the Captain stands with a stern face and points down at the dead person. “What is this?”
Blackjack frowns. “It is the Future Dead Person.”
The second team member moves around the naked teen, stops, squats down, leaning over and scanned the dead body with the medical device that is attached onto the palm of his naked hand. He frowns with puzzlement. “Well, she is the Present Dead Person. I thought you said she was out of control.”
Blackjack frowns. “She was. She is. She is crazy and tried to kill me.”
“A dead person tried to kill you. Now, that’s funny.” The Captain laughs.
The second team member is a female that frowns at Blackjack. “Did you press the pouch of death into his hand?”
“Her hand! The Future Dead Person is a female. Can you see that?”  Blackjack exhales and points down at the girly body. “I couldn’t do that. She broke away from the secured metal clamp. How can she do that?”
A third team member moves ahead with a stern face, stops, and stands beside the twin mattress with the pink tinted bed linen. He reaches down and lifts up touching the metal clamp with the protection glove. “This clamp is not broken or busted. What are you talking about, medical physician?”
Blackjack points down at the metal clamp. “She was clamped down onto the twin bed when I had arrived. She is crazy. She didn’t wanna die.”
The same third team member slaps the metal wrist clamp over the ankle bone of the suit with a laugh, “No, medical physician. This metal clamp is for show only. It doesn’t have a bolt for latching a person onto the bed mattress. What is the purpose of a phony metal clamp here?”
Blackjack stares down at the metal clamp in silence and wipes the sweat from her face.
The same third team member squats down and jerks the metal clamp into the air with a laugh. “Well, someone has placed these pairs of metal clamps between the bed mattress and the spring box here for their shitty fun.”
Blackjack point down at the girly body. “No. No. She had been strapped down, when I had entered the room.”
The same third team member stands upright with a smile inside the helmet and rattles the pair of metal clamps in the air. “No. He is pretending to be strapped down, when you had entered the room. Why would he do that? He was the Future Dead Person.”
The Captain squats down with a sigh. “Now, she is the Present Dead Person.”
Blackjack gasp. “What!”
The third team member whips out a bag and places the metal clamp down inside the cloth with a stern face. “Okay. We all agree that the Future Dead Person is the Present Dead Person. Now, everyone, get out now! We need to complete our work and clean up this mess.”
The female Captain on the medical disposal team whips out his medical devise and talks into the screen, dropping the devise, spinning around with a sneer to view Blackjack. “No. Everyone, stay put right here! There has been a crime committed here.”
The third team member continues to remove each metal clamp off the naked mattress. “What are you talking about, Captain?”
The Captain points down at the Present Dead Person. “This is the wrong Future Dead Person.”
Blackjack sneers. “No, it is not. This is Future Dead Person.”
The Captain sneers at Blackjack. “No, this is the wrong Present Dead Person.”
She gasps in alarm. “That can’t be correct.”
The fourth team mate stands in place and smiles at the commotion. “That’s funny, ya’ll!”
The third team member whips out his mobile telephone with a smile. “Well, my mobile telephone tells me that she is the Present Live Person that lives here. But now, she is the Present Dead Person that died here. Is that right? I am doing this right. I like this hologram game. Can I be the medical physician next time?”
The captain reaches down and touches his gun on the belt lope, sneering at Blackjack. “You have committed a vicious murder, medical physician. You have murdered an innocent male…”
“Female,” Blackjack points down at the girl on the floor, “The Present Dead Person is a female not a male,” 
The Captain jabs a finger at Blackjack. “Come with me now. Arrest her now!”
Blackjack tosses both arms into the air with a stunned face. “No! I did not. No! I am not a murderer.”
The Captain pulls out his x-ray gun with a sneer. “Stop her!”
The second medical disposal team member turns and frowns at Blackjack and then returns back to see the captain with confusion. “What did you say to do? What did she say to you? The girl is the Present Dead Person on the floor. She is the medical physician here.”
“The person was murdered by her. Kill her now!” The Captain shoots a yellow ray from her x-ray gun that hits the door frame.
Blackjack swiftly back steps with panic.
The second Medical Disposal Team member scoots ahead and blocks the open archway. “Hey! Calm down, Captain! We need to clean up the dead body first…”
The captain shoots a second yellow ray from her x-ray gun and hits her team mate. The second Medical Disposal Team member flies backward from the archway and hits the opposite wall with a heavy grunt, disappearing from the game.
The Captain shouts out. “Get her! Kill her! Call in help for me!”
Blackjack spins around with a gasp and swiftly races back down the long and empty hallway in panic, turning the wall corner and heads toward the kitchen space. The other doors are locked by the Present Dead Person per the hologram rules.
Now, Blackjack has a great head start from the set of clumsy medical disposal team members that wear their individual outer space suits. She dashes down an empty and quiet hallway, turning into next open archway, sliding into the rounded edge on the kitchen counter with a loud grunt. She back steps from the kitchen counter, spinning around with her mouth drool, diving down toward the hard floor. The Present Dead Person has a dog.
The dog growls and then barks at Blackjack.
Blackjack moves ahead on the floor, slaps the pet door open, and then exits through the small archway. She wiggles side to side, slowly crawling over the smooth concrete as her duster coat protects my body.
She stands upright with a set of loud grunt of worry and dashes ahead running around the side of the house in the bright sunlight, advancing toward her parked driverless car.
The driverless car was still there.
Now, Blackjack understands. The wicked plan had been to murder her on top of the naked mattress, instead of the Present Dead Person. Then her parked driver-less would have been acquired by the next passenger. Then, there would have been no trace of her person, only her dead body on top of the naked mattress that met the work list.
That has been a great wicked plan, but it has epically failed.
Over the manicured lawn, Blackjack races ahead with a set of shallow breaths and looks back at the front of the house. The front door is still open without a body. That is good news for her.
The four, minus one dead team members within the medical disposal team is slowly waddling through the long hallway trying to exit the house.


Driver-less car setting

Blackjack rushes across the active, but empty city street. She briefly tantalizes a mental thought of knocking on a stranger’s front door for help, but that bold action will definitely get me killed by the nervous neighbor. Then she will lose her teen leader post in the red chair inside the island resort Dark Room.
Within the hologram game, every citizen carries a weapon for that very purpose.
Blackjack slams into the rear door with her upright body and her sweaty hand.
The rear door slides open.
She falls forward and lands on top of the floor, curling her body into a ball, reaching over, slapped the door.
The rear door closes shut.
She shouts out loud with worry and fear. “Go to…” she exhales. “Get moving ahead! Go fast!” She scoots up from the floor and turns to see the front door. The front door is still open without a figure. The driver-less car carefully moves onto the active, but empty city street.
She shouts out loud in a panicky mod and mood. “Go faster!”
The driver-less car continues to steady speed over the same empty city street.
She looks back over a collar bone at the house of the Present Dead Person. The outer space protection suit prevents a set of swift foot movements through the narrow hallway and out the front door. She laughs out loud with her slick trick and turns to face the windshield, shouting out loud at the faceless and driver-less car, which is only a console of colorful television monitors. “Go faster! I need to piss.”
The driver-less increases the speed for the vocal emergency. 
In the past experience, if a passenger needed to go the bathroom and didn’t make it home, the passenger used the floor as the bathroom toilet. Then, the driverless-car had to be sanitized and cleaned. Thus, the owner of the driverless-vehicle company would be out of cash money for a period of time. The driver-less car collected money only from every passenger that used the vehicle.
In the rear seat, Blackjack looks back over her collar bone with a smile. A loud explosion echoes from the house of the Present Dead Person which invades every pair of eardrums for one stationary mile. She covers her mouth with a gasp and stares at the new commotion.
At the home of the Present Dead Person, each member from the Medical Disposal Team runs out through the front door. Someone had blown out the rear door, instead of using the doggie door. Each team member dances side to side over the manicured lawn still wearing the silly outer space protection suit that prevents a set of swift foot movement through manicured grass.
Inside the rear seat of the driver-less car, Blackjack looks ahead and stares through the windshield. She is heading downtown toward her employment office, where she will be protected from the accident or this murder or this whatever.
At the home of Present Dead Person, the three team members dash ahead and enter back into an independent vehicle, a sports car. The sports car is not the assigned driver-less driver, for this various reason.
The sports car starts with a roaring engine and then moves forward, quickly smoking its four wheels, racing away from the home of the Present Dead Person. The car flies down the gray tinted pavement toward the blue-tinted driverless car that carried the murderess medical physician.
Inside the blue-tinted driverless car, Blackjack leans over the front seat and stares at the driver’s console with worry. The driverless car steadily steers at the safe speed of sixty miles-per-hour. The powerful sports car with the load of armed and vicious members from the Medial Disposal Team can catch the driver-less vehicle within minutes. And each member totes an arsenal of x-ray weapons that will be used to kill anyone that interferes with a death ritual.
Now, Blackjack has been labeled as a cold-blooded murderess for the cold-blooded murder with the wrong Future Dead Person. If her driver-less car is stopped, then the captain will execute Blackjack on sight in the middle of the roadway.
Blackjack slides back down onto the rear seat with a pair of shaky hands, but a smart mind, touching the rear console. Each driverless-car provides a front console of numerous merchandise items that the passenger can use at their leisure during the car ride form home to work.
None of the items require payment, only usage for free at any time. Each driverless-car company will charge the Company for each item that has been used by a riding passenger.
Blackjack presses a series of smooth steel buttons. The console panel drops down. She studies each item. She reaches out and selects a package of unhealthy but lawful cigarettes and a flame lighter. She rattles the box with nervousness and opens the lid.
She looks back over her collar bone out the rear window. The sports car races from the house of Present Dead Person and sails forward down the smooth gray tinted roadway, after her.
She returns back and looks down at the items. She slips out one cigarette and ignites the item, swishing the stinky item in the air. White thin smoke starts to fill inside of the rear cabin.
The driver-less car drops one of the side windows inside the rear cabin on her moving vehicle, expelling some of the thin plumes of white smoke. Lots of rear passengers enjoy the unhealthy, but lawful act of smoking cigarettes during the car ride. So, the driverless-car is programmed to open a window for the passenger.
And the driverless car has increased the vehicle speed to 65 miles-per-hour moving faster to her next destination. The computer has been programmed to drive faster and finally expel the nasty passenger before the leather seat catches fire.
Blackjack ignites a second and third cigarette in one hand, flaming the smoke inside the enclosed cabin. The driverless car drops the other side window and also increases the vehicle speed to 70 miles-per-hour as programmed.
She looks back over her collar bone out the rear window. The sports car continues to gain faster speed on the solo blue-tinted driverless car, because it is the only car on the roadway.
She returns back and faces the windshield while swishing both hands with the three cigarettes through the air waves with worry and coughs out loud from the terrible smell. She looks down and scans the rear seat console for another useful item.
She transfers the single cigarette to the other hand with the two cigarettes, swishing the air with the terrible smell, fogging up the rear cabin.
The console holds rows of assorted snacks, beverages, small entertainment devises, baby diapers, baby items, baby food, musical head phones, musical songs, entertainment programs, cigarettes, recreational drugs, and bottles of assorted alcohol.
“Alcohol,” she reaches out and grabs the middle bottle, screwing off the cap, chugging down the bottle of whiskey. She coughs out loud and gags out her mouth salvia from the strong taste. She performs a strong hiccup and holds her stinky breath for a few seconds, gagging out loud. Then she vomits out her mouth spit and her breakfast muffin in the format of ugly neon green puke that falls down the nice leather seat. She wipes her mouth from the green puke and whispers for eardrums on the sensitive computer. “I’m sick.”
The driverless-car swiftly changes lanes without hitting another moving car with great speed at 80 miles-per-hours, veering toward the exit bridge that leads towards the local hospital.
Blackjack gasps in alarm and coughs out loud, reaching down into the console display, grabbing numerous bottles of alcohol. She opens each one and then dumps the contents onto the floor.
The computer floor decides that the current passenger is a pest and needs to go directly to the mental hospital center.
Blackjack shouts out loud. “No! No! I’m not sick. I’m drunk. I’m drunk with alcoholic. Can you smell it here inside the floor? I cannot see the windshield. I cannot see the door. I cannot see the sunlight…”
The driver-less car swiftly changes lanes again without crashing into another driverless-car and swiftly increases the speed to 90 miles-per-hour, veering toward the exit bridge that heads toward the police drone office.
“Yes,” she looks back over her collar bone with a smile. The sports car races around each driverless-car trying to follow blue colored faster vehicle.
If a passenger becomes too intoxicated and smells of alcohol inside the driverless-car, then the car automatically veer toward the closed police department. Then a police drone machine will exit from the building and then examine the passenger in the rear seat. If the passenger is not too drunk, the passenger can leave the car and walk back home.
If the passenger is too intoxicated to walk, then the passenger is allowed to stay inside one of the nice clean, empty steel-wired prison cells for a nice monetary fine.
The sports car swiftly veers in and out of heavy traffic and around each slow-moving driverless car, following the speeding blue-tinted driverless car.
The blue tinted driver-less car turns off the main roadway and takes the exit road over the bridge, sailing over the tall ramp. Blackjack holds her stomach from the wild ride and the awful stench of cigarette smoke and spilled alcohol on the floor. The car swiftly slows down the ramp and then halts at the road intersection for two seconds.
Blackjack tumbles forward and slams both of her hands into the console, spilling the merchandise onto the floor, landing on top of all spilled merchandise with a loud grunt of pain.
The driverless-car halts with smooth jolt in front of the Drone Police Station.
Each car door slides open and then emits a pocket of fresh air.
Inside the rear floor, Blackjack slowly crawls forward toward the open door near the vanilla tinted sidewalk and waves a hand and a smile at the hovering police drone. The drone is recording and examining her facial and body movement. She shouts out loud in a calm voice. “I am fine. I see you, Drone. You’re all shiny in sliver and looking so pretty. Thanks for the ride, Joe. I’m fine now.” She exits from the low floor board on the car and plops down onto the vanilla sidewalk on her hands and kneecaps, slowly standing upright with a silly grin, without giving the drone a reason to stun my body in pain.
She slowly moves ahead and waves a hand, passing the stationary drone with a grin and a giggle. “I will walk now. That’s a good idea. How does that sound to you, Mr. Drone?” She slowly moves ahead and away from the Police Drone Building, turning the corner onto the next sidewalk. She races ahead with worry and dashes down toward the end of the street.
On top of the bridge, the sports car with the human driver slams on the brakes and stops at the road intersection, seeing a solid sky blue tinted driverless-car. The solid sky blue tinted driverless-car has acquired a new passenger that heads away from the Police Drone Building and the medial physician, moving toward another residential subdivision. The sports car roars the engine and follows the blue tinted driver-less vehicle without the medical physician.
At the end of the city street, Blackjack stops and looks both ways, waiting for each driverless car to pass. Then she races across the road, climbing each step, slamming into the dark glass with a gasp of pain. The door does not open from my body heat.
She reaches down and rattles the door knob. And the door still does not open from her hand touch. She back steps and examines the dark glass.
The sign in printed red letters: MOVED 
She tosses both arms in the air with a sigh, “Moved! My employer has moved. When and where and how did that happen to me? Ugh!” Blackjack spins around and dashes ahead, halting at the edge of the street corner, waving down a new driverless-car. A red tinted driverless car stops and opens the rear door. She slides down into rear bench seat with a sigh. The driverless car continues to park without movement.
The driverless car system is designated to transport a human or a group of humans plus any family animals from point A to point B without worry or monetary funds. Thus, a human could sit or lounge or sleep or snort in the rear bench seat without moving the driverless car from its resting spot.
Blackjack continues to sit in the rear bench seat and rubs each hairy temple, staring down at the clean floor, pondering her next move. She drops her hands and looks up, smiling into the clean windshield glass. “Take me to House Number 90 please.”
The driverless car quickly computes the new destination and slowly pulls out from the street curb, steering with the intersection without a light traffic. The internal computer controls the movements of each car and smart computer driver throughout the city streets. The car moves in a northern direction which is away from the city limits.
In the rear bench seat, Blackjack views each side window and finally the rear window for another tailing or trailing driverless car. In her line of traffic, the first car is located directly behind the rear bumper and then turns onto a new roadway. The other driverless cars maintain a steady speed pace. She leans down into the soft cushion with a deep sigh of relief, sliding down into the smooth leather seat, staring down at the floor. She closes her eyelashes for a short, sweet nap. Then she will figure out where her employer is located.
A few minutes later, the red tinted driverless car slows the speed and pulls over, parking on the opposite street in front of neighbor’s house.
Inside the rear cabin, Blackjack stirs awoke with a smile and stretches her limbs upward, shaking her curls. She looks back over her collar bone with a gasp of shock. Three different colored sports cars are parking inside the driveway at her parent’s house. This is not a good sign of welcome for her or her parents.
Blackjack needs to grab her official medical badge that holds her personal work identification. The current chip inside the flat computer badge will identify the new location of my current employer.
Inside the rear bench seat, Blackjack reaches over and slaps the door.
The rear door slides open.
She slides out from the parked car and slowly stands upright with a deep sigh, pressing both of her sweaty hands down the duster coat. The coat is worn and dirty, but the garment has saved injuries to her body many times. So, that is enough to keep the old coat with her.
She slowly crosses the city street and turns to see each window at her neighbors. Every person over the age of eighteen years old works here within the hologram game. Each young child is studying inside their home for academic tests.
A citizen cannot make a living without learning books or a trade or a death act. Stealing, robbing, murdering is against the hologram law and comes with an instant death punishment by one of the police killing drones. The family of the criminal is not paid any money as the upright or folded body of the dying criminal is burned in the front year into a crunchy piece of toast.
She turns and stares with a smile at the tall structure with three levels. Each level is painted in colored of pink, yellow, and blue that contains a yellow tinted railing in front of each balcony. The top tier has a set of painted pictures of a clown’s face with a red nose, a head of green hair, and a white colored face, sticking out a pink tinted tongue at each greeting visitor. One side of the house displays a three-story, tall, enclosed, curved, silver tinted metal slide, where a person can slide down from the rooftop, landing on top of the grass. The other side displays a glass elevator that carries a person up and down to the rooftop.
The house is an old fashioned Fun House which had been part of a traveling carnival for many years. The structure is filled with mirrors that display a person as skinny and tall or squat and short or wide and sideways for fun.
Blackjack strolls through the back yard of brown tinted dirt without grass blades at her old home residence from her hologram character and drops down, placing both legs onto the smooth metal of silver and pushes off. Her body sails down the underground silver tinted slide to enter her home residence without screaming. She leans her rear skull and back spine down into the curved metal and crosses both of her arms over her chest, soaring down the slide without screaming. She is concerned about the three guests inside the internal of the house with her hologram parents. She reaches the end of the slide and jumps upright, landing on top of a ten-foot wide rotating disc. She extends her arms for balance. Her upright body wobbles side to side while the spinning disc rotates up and then down, turning sideways. An untalented person will tumble off the rotating disc and then bloody a nose onto the hard concrete floor. Blackjack is a talented person.
She leaps up from the spinning disk and flies through the air, landing inside a gigantic pit of colored soft balls. She swims through the thick pile of colored balls and finally exits the pit, standing upright on top of a set of wooden stairs. She extends both arms and touches the wall, holding her breath.
Each stair step moves up or down depending on the motorized machine underneath the wooden staircase. Of course, Blackjack knows the pattern of the machine as she has played with the Future Dead Person hologram game for years.
Then each stair-step starts to shift and then slowly moves ahead with a stationary Blackjack on top of the same step. Then the staircase stops. Then each stair-step starts to move backwards. Blackjack does not have time to entertain the floor trick on the wooden staircase.
She leaps up from the stationary step and flies through air, landing near the top of the staircase. The staircase step does not like her weight and then the side of the staircase tilts toward the center of the room.
Blackjack jumps up from the moving step and flies through the air, landing on next level, when a blast of cold air shoots up from the solid floor that blow up the duster coat. Usually, that action would startle or make another person jump in terrible or scream in fear, not Blackjack.
She reaches out and grabs the door knob, opening the door, entering the first floor level. She moves ahead through a short series of mirror mazes, watching the funny varies of reflections of her body movements. At the end of the hallway, the lavender colored solid wall with a drawing of a red colored flower forks to the left or to the right.
One side leads into the living room setting that houses a row of rocking floors and a group of loveseats.
The other hallway heads down a long hallway of distorted reflection mirrors. She turns and follows a mirrored pathway on top of a smooth wooden floor, where the floor continues to lift upright and then falls back down for annoyance. Each side door opens and releases a jump-out figure, a screaming ghost or a laughing clown or a howling coyote without closing shut with more annoyance. Finally, she turns and enters a unique room, where a combination of tilted and optical overhead and sideway lamps of light have created a crooked room.
Blackjack cannot tell if the room is upside down or sideways.
She moves ahead and stops in front of the wall of one-way reflection mirrors, reaching down, pressing the hidden button on the fake mirror panel. The hidden wooden drawer opens without sound and reveals her official employment badge that shows her real picture, her real name, and her hologram work title. She reaches down toward the object with a smile.
Through the wall of mirrors which is really glass, the voice from the first visitor echoes into the enclosed room with Blackjack. She looks up and sees through the one-way mirror of glass a trio of visitors that stand inside the living room space in front of the house.
Inside the rectangular shaped living room that displays numerous drawing of elephants and tigers, three unknown, average height and weight, persons stand in front of the open archway, wearing a dull red colored duster coat over a pair of blue jeans, a white shirt, and a pair of black shoes.
The middle female with a head of black long hair shouts out loud inside the room and turns with a puzzled brow to scan the weird living room setting. “What is this place?”
The father of Blackjack who is another island resort teen sits and rocks in the chair, slowly standing upright, tossing both arms in the air with a smile, “Hello! Hello! Hello to you and you and you! Welcome to my fun house!”
The mother of Blackjack leaps from the rocking chair with a smile and tosses her arms in the air also, stopping beside her hologram husband. “Finally, we have a set of visitors to our fair home. This place is so boring, snoring dull.” She slaps his arm with a frown. “Our fun house, this is our fun house. What can we do for ya’ll nice people here?”
The first male laughs “What did you say, old woman?”
The mother of Blackjack reaches up and touches her smooth young face with a sneer at the row of visitor. “I am not an old woman. I role play the old woman here. The rest of the play roles were taken by the time I arrived in here. I am a beautiful and young teenager.”
The middle female laughs. “What did you say, old woman?”
The father of Blackjack laughs out loud and points to the wall. “This is a fun house, man.”
The last female sneers at the father of blackjack. “I am not a man.”
The father of blackjack laughs. “O! I’m so sorry. You look like a cow. I am corrected,” he laughs with the others.
The first female sneers. “Where is your daughter?”
The mother of Blackjack sneers. “Where is your daughter? Do you have a daughter? How would I know that you have a daughter? I don’t know that. Why are you asking me? You should go and ask your mommie,” laughing.
The middle female jabs a finger at the mother of blackjack. “No! I am reading the scripted lines within the game. Where is your daughter?”
The mother of Blackjack reaches up and touches her teenly face with a sneer again. “I am too young to have a daughter. I’m only sixteen years old, fool. I do not have a daughter.”
The father of Blackjack laughs. “Where is my daughter? She is at work, of course. Are you at work? Of course, you are at work, of course,” he laughs with the others.
The middle female reaches down and grabs her x-ray gun with a sneer. “He’s a funny guy. Well, I’m a funny gal. Disintegrate the old woman!”
The mother of Blackjack gasps in shock and lifts both hands, covering her face. “Don’t hit my face! Hit my legs!” The green x-ray bean hits the mother of Blackjack on her face, “Bitch!” The hologram body on the teen disappears from the hologram game and then her real body falls back down into the island resort Dark Room.
“Bye!” The middle female laughs.
The father of Blackjack pulls out his x-ray gun with a smile. “Hey! Lookie over here! I got one too,” he blasts the two other females with a bright purple colored x-ray bean, turning to hit the last female.
The last female pulls out her x-ray gun and fires at the father of Blackjack. For a moment, each beam slowly shoots again in harmony and then the two beams collide with a loud boom, exploding into a gigantic fireball of yellow, pink, red, blue, and green colors.
Inside the crooked designed room of mirrors, Blackjack stands upright with a gasp and stares through the mirror, reaching out, pounding on her side of the two-way reflection mirror, which is not heard or seen by her parents or the trio of evil three murders. The fun house wall is composed of specially designed mirror material that does not break by hand or force with a club. 
Inside the living room space, the fireball disappears and leaves behind a room of mirrors.
Inside the crooked room of mirrors, Blackjack stops pounding the mirror and steps backward with a sneer. “No! This is not supposed to happen. This has never happened before. Why is this happening now? I don’t understand. I’m the star of the hologram game, the fireball. Someone else is dicking around with my game,” she spins around and exits the room, dashing down the hallway, turning into the damaged living room space. She stops and scans the clean room. “And I’m going to find out who or whom or whatever.”
Blackjack exits the house and races across the manicured lawn, entering the sports car, snapping her fingers.
A new musical song entitled Fancy starts to sing out loud: Listen to this jam, show ‘em what you got/ Inbox, fresh/ First things first, I’m the realest (realest)/ Drop this and let the whole world feel it (let 'em feel it)/ And I’m still in the murder business/ I can hold you down, like I’m giving lessons in physics (right)/ You should want a bad bitch like this (ha)/ Drop it low and pick it up just like this (yeah)/ Cup of Ace, cup of Goose, cup of Cris/ High heels, something worth a half a ticket on my wrist (on my wrist)/ Taking all the liquor straight, never chase that (never)/ Rooftop like we bringing '88 back (what)/ Bring the hooks in, where the bass at?/ Champagne spilling, you should taste that/ I’m so fancy/ You already know/ I’m in the fast lane/ From L.A. to Tokyo/ I’m so fancy/ Can’t you taste this gold/ Remember my name, ‘bout to blow…
Note: The true musical song entitled Fancy had been performed in the year 2014 by singer Iggy Azalea.
From the main roadway of solid gray hue, Blackjack slams the brake and quickly decreases the speed, pulling the car and then stops by the street curb. She slides out from the smooth gray leather seat and closes the car door. She dashes ahead and enters into a supertall, glass structure without a row of exterior balconies and a pointy steeple on the rooftop, racing down a long hallway of pale yellow tiles, slamming into the elevator door. She back steps from the closed door and presses the button, waiting, dancing, and humming the current song. “I’m so fancy. Don’t ya know! I can’t go, go, go, go…”
The elevator carriage arrives with a musical ding. The door opens without people or pets.
She enters inside and presses the button for the top floor of her employment office. she had memorized the address and the floor from her official employment badge inside the crooked room of her parents’ house.
The door closes. The elevator carriage lifts upward with great speed and halts on the top floor. The door open and reveals a long hallway in peach tone.
Blackjack races down the hallway and cannot stop, slamming into the yellow tinted door, moving through the door and then halts with a gasp. “Wow! That wasn’t a door! What is it?”
“It is a mirage of a door,” the voice laughs.
Blackjack stands a few feet from the mirage door and frowns at the new female. “Well, I was wondering where you were located inside my hologram game. Usually, one of the pale blue chairs wants to play the victim.”
“I am not a victim. I am the leader.” Tall, sexy, and sixteen-year-old Googol stands upright in front of Blackjack, crossing her arms. She displays a head of long red colored headed, a pair of amber eyeballs, and a tone of pale skin, wearing a yellow colored sundress with a pair of four-inched high fashion sandals.
The rectangular room contains pale blue carpet and green tinted walls. The forward is a row of windows. 
Blackjack views the windows and then Googol. “I bet your window cleaning bill is murder.”
She flips a hand into air with a smile. “It is. But I can afford that and more murder.”
“And I do understand that you are killing people without cause and justification, Vice President Googol.”
She slaps her big breasts with a soft chuckle. “President Googol, I am now President of the Hologram Nation.”
“Where is…?” Blackjack turns and scans the room, seeing a limp body in the wall corner. The petite, plump, olive skinned, blue-eyed, blonde-haired, sixteen-year-old Nitrix is folded down inside the wall corner wearing a silly smile and a hole in her head. Blackjack returns back to see Googol. “I see clearly now, but I still do not understand clearly. Why are messing up my hologram game?”
She laughs. “Do you really want me to answer that question, Blackjack?”
“Yes.”
She exhales. “Well, here goes. A person works every day of the week to eke out a decent living in this terrible world. Then, you come along and decide who lives and who dies, just because you can and you will. I am a realist. I believe in me. And I am the new president of the Hologram Nation. I am the leader here.” She flings an arm with a laugh. “Take her away!” she smiles. “I always wanted to say that.”
“I will return.” Blackjack laughs. “I always wanted to say that too.”
She growls at the two nice-looking and great smelling tall males. “Get rid of her now! My executive leadership plan cannot be executed as long as she is alive and breathing and here. Excuse the pun, honey! It can’t be executed if there are tattle-tails and goody-goody person hanging around me.”
Blackjack sneers. “Some people will start to figure you out.”
“Some people will be too dead to every figure me out, too late and too dumb, Blackjack. I am bringing back love, peace, and harmony to the world. The other person wants to be healthier, wealthier and wiser like me,” giggling.
Blackjack nods. “I always heard the old axiom. Now, I am truly seeing and believing it. The rich get richer and the workers work harder.”
She nods. “That’s pretty much all true! If you are too dumb to program a robot job, then you get to work a lowly manual job on the robotic assembly line. And if your body gets sick and can’t work anymore, then you must die. I only want healthy workers for the three driver-less manufacturing companies. That’s part of my deal with the executive staff. I must supply numerous healthy workers that won’t get sick and can’t work their individual job.”
Blackjack snarls. “Your plan will fail.”
She smiles. “My plan is brilliant. I copied it from another smarter president.”
Blackjack frowns. “What’s going on here? What’s happening here? I don’t understand all the violence and murders. What is the purpose of this?”
She extends an arm toward one of the two guards. “Please, hand me my medial bag.” One of the guards hands her the black bag.
Blackjack smiles. “You’re very polite.”
Googol nods. “Yes, I was raised to be a southern belle by my mother.” She accepts and opens the bag, flipping it upside down. The entire contents tumble down from the inner silk pouch and land down on top of the carpet. She kicks some of the items from her new designer shoes with a laugh and squats down, reaching out, grabbing a single object. She slowly stands upright and holds the object near her ugly smile of yellow teeth. “This is the reason. Many things come in a jar including peanut butter, hand cream, strawberry jelly. What is the most profitable industry in the world?”
Blackjack wiggles her duster coat over her torn and stained poker dotted dress with a smile, “Fashion design.”
She frowns, “Wrong! I thought you were smart.”
Blackjack frowns, “Uh! Is it a box of home baked chocolate chips cookies? I love home baked chocolate chipped cookies.”
“Do you dare try for a third wrong answer, Blackjack!”
Blackjack smiles, “Uh! Is it my cute mobile telephone?”
“The driverless car empire…”
“Yeah, that was going to be my next answer,” Blackjack chuckles. “Yeah, I’m really confused now. The driver-less car is murdering all the people here in the Hologram Nation.”
“Here, within our great Hologram Nation, three different driverless car companies are setting up an individual factory that is worth over sixteen trillion dollars. A trillion is a whole number with twelve zeros behind the whole number, honey. To keep the completed vehicles rolling off each mechanical machine, I need lots and lots of healthy and productive workers. The healthy workers must be free of all injuries and sickness.”
Blackjack frowns. “So, you, the President of Hologram Nation, are secretly going to a lot of trouble by killing off all the old, sick, and injured persons. Ugh! Or uh! Or O! That also impacts the direct population and the workers, who will work in each new factory.”
“Actually, I’m bringing in groups of new workers, who are young and healthy workers. This was my plan that the dead and blue-tinted formal governor had stolen from my brain cells.”
Blackjack turns and stares at the empty body of Nitrix. “I didn’t know the dead and blue-tinted formal President Nitrix was a brain surgeon.”
“I am.” Googol giggles and tosses the black tinted solid can of metal in the air. The solid metal tin can slams into the wide forehead on Blackjack.
Blackjack tumbles backward from Googol and then lands down on the carpet, grunting out loud in pain.
Googol continues to stand waves a hand with a smile. “Now, take her away and get rid of the body! Now, I’m the leader of the game.”
One of the guards displays a slender body frame, a head of cropped pink hair, a pair of violet eyes, and a tone of natural pink skin underneath a red tinted duster coat without anything else. Seventeen-year-old Sweetbriar plays one of the bad guys. He moves ahead and stops, reaching down, grabbing one of her arms.
The other teen male wears a head of dirty blonde hair, a face of pimples, and a tone of pale skin. He moves ahead and stops, squatting down, lifting up the other arm on Blackjack.
Both of them move ahead in silence and slowly drag an unconscious Blackjack forward and exit through the mirage door, strolling down toward the elevators doors.
The teen male frowns at the closed elevator doors. “Where are we going?”
Sweetbriar grunts from the heavy body. “The city morgue.”
“I don’t know the way to the city morgue.”
They stop in front of the elevator without dropping Blackjack. Sweetbriar presses the button.
The elevator doors open. The carriage is empty. They slide inside the carriage with Blackjack. Sweetbriar presses the button for the underground basement.
At the basement level, the elevator doors open. The new environment is filled with smells and noise of machinery.
From the elevator carriage, Sweetbriar moves ahead and continues to slowly drag one arm on an unconscious Blackjack over the rough surface toward the railroad tracks.
The teen male strolls beside Sweetbriar and continues to hold Blackjack. “What is this place? Where are we?”
The basement is the last floor underneath the glass skyscraper with a sour smell of stench, a dirty concrete floor, a low hanging ceiling of dirty tiles, where the edge of the dirty concrete slab ends in front of a set of silver tinted railroad tracks. The single set of railroad tracks extend in both geographical directions of east to west. Beyond the set of railroad tracks, the flat ground is dry, red tint soil with a set of scattered pods of tall yellow weeds and colorful wildflowers. A line of dark blue clouds rolls over the skyline like it is going to rain. The air smells sour, not fresh.
Sweetbriar stops at the edge of the dirty concrete slab and turns to stare down the tracks. “We are located here in the basement level. This is the train station.” He drops the arm on blackjack along with the other teen. Blackjack hits the hard concrete without a sound. Sweetbriar looks down and scoots his shoe around the rough concrete.
The teen male stops and stands on the other computer, holding his nose, surveying the nasty new environment. “What’s a train?”
Sweetbriar points down at the set of railroads and follows the tracks out toward the western horizon with a stern face. “That is a pathway of steel tracks that had been used by a train for transporting cargo and people, a long time ago. Now, an individual rolling trolley car comes around one at a time and picks up a pod of dead bodies. The trolley car consists of a long piece of flat metal that contains six set of chains in a row. Each chain holds down a dead body, so the body doesn’t shake side to side and then roll off the trolley car.”
The teen male laughs. “Who cares if a dead body rolls off the trolley car?”
Sweetbriar frowns. “The farms and the farmers are located between here and the city morgue. The city morgue is outside the city limits of the Hologram Nation. Help me get her stripped down into the chains,” he squats down and grabs her arm and leg on one side of her body, slowly lifting an unconscious Blackjack sideways in the air.
The teen male does not move and stares down at the row of dead bodies. “I don’t wanna ride next to a dead body.”
“We have to place her beside the dead body, not you. And she ain’t dead yet. We kill her there at the city morgue.”
“Why don’t we kill her here?”
Sweetbriar frowns. “No. We can’t do that here. This is only a holding pen for all the dead bodies. Don’t you see them piled up against the wall behind your butthole? Each dead body will be picked up by a mechanic arm and then placed on top of the metal trolley car by the computer. The mechanic arm sometimes rips into a leg or an arm, bleeding the body liquids over the metal.”
The teen male sneers down at the trolley kart. “I don’t want ride in someone else’s blood. I’m not a trained to do this. I don’t wanna be here.”
Sweetbriar releases one hand and points at the wall with a smile. “Look over there! See the commotion and hear the noise. On the side bricked wall, a mounted rusty steel plated mechanic arm is programmed to pick up a heat signature or a live heartbeat, in case, one of the bodies had been badly beaten unconscious, but not murdered. She has a live heartbeat. The mechanic arm will not touch her and the machine might send a signal back to someone that President Googol doesn’t want to know. I don’t know what play or plot or ploy new president is practicing here, but I don’t wanna my final rest to be here on top of a metal trolley.”
The other teen male turns and views the approaching trolley car.
The trolley car slowly rolls forward and then halts with a set of squeak wheels a few feet behind Sweetbriar at the concrete slab. The mechanic arm in the middle of the floor lifts up into the air and then swings over into the solid side wall of dull concrete, slamming into the concrete, disturbing the ancient material. Particles of concrete drop down and cover some of the bodies and the floor. The mechanic arm slowly lowers down with an open claw and then stops holding the claw over the first horizontal dead body. The mechanic arm slightly shifts to open claw to the side posing over the dead body. The metal claw slowly drops down and scoops up three dead bodies in the first pile, closing the claw trap, lifting the claw into the air. The arm swings back toward the flat metal kart and then opens the claw door, dropping the pile of three bodies inside the first embedded body mold. The trolley car violently shakes in place as the body slowly shifts side to side and then lands down inside one of the seven embedded body mold while fitting perfectly.
The trolley car stops shaking. Each dead body is positioned correctly inside their individual metal body mold in silence.
A set of metal clamps emerge up from each side of the body mold and securely strap the dead body down inside the human mold shape for the long trip toward the City Morgue.
The teen male turns and stares at the mechanic arm and then returns back to see the flat bed on occupied trolley car with the three dead bodies. “Why did the trolley car shake side to side?”
Sweetbriar points at the mechanic arm with a stern face. “This manual process is mechanical. The machine is too dumb to drop a dead body in the right spot. So, the trolley car shakes the trolley bed side to side like a mixer blender as each dead body shuffles and dances side to side on top of the flat bed and then eventually lands down into the human shaped mold like a shooting a game of billiards,” laughing.
The teen male frowns. “What happens if one of the body parts like an arm or a foot is hanging outta of the human shaped mold?”
On top of the filled trolley kart, one set of metal clamps lifts up and then slides over the dead body as the left arm on the dead body is sliced off.
The teen male points down at the dead body with a laugh. “Do you mean something like that?”
Sweetbriar nods with a smile. “Yeah, just like that. The mechanic arm is not smart. Some of the body parts are cut off from the dead body. Then, at the gravesite, the trolley car tilts upward and drops down each cold blue tinted body down onto the ground. Each cut off body part falls down with the body also. The funeral and funny end!”
The trolley car moves ahead and steers down the railroad tracks with a soft swish on each tire.
A new trolley car stops and stands in front of Sweetbriar and the teen male. The teen male gasps in shock and points down at the one dead body inside the first body mold. “Why did the trolley car stop here in front of us?”
Sweetbriar grins and points down to the floor. “I tapped the button here on the floor. So, the next available trolley car stopped right in front of us. Isn’t that a miracle or a mistake?” He laughs.
The other teen male gasps in shock and points down at the kart, “That…that’s the dead President Nitrix from the conference room here at the headquarters building. How…how did she get here?”
Sweetbriar laughs. “She’s dead. So, she qualifies to be here on top a trolley kart inside the basement train depot.”
“How…how did she end up here on the trolley kart in front of us?”
Sweetbriar grins, “The luck of the draw! Help me get the live female up and inside the last human shaped mold,” he squats down and grabs the fallen leg on Blackjack, lifting in the air on one side. “I got her side body.”
“Okay,” the other teen male squats down and grabs her other arm and leg slowly lifting Blackjack into the air, “All right! All right! I got her. I got her.”
“Now, move her ahead and lift her up and over, placing her down inside one of the indented mold in the middle of the seven molds.”
With the aid of the other teen, they work together and chains both of her arms and legs onto the trolley kart in silence.
The other teen back steps from the trolley kart, pointing at the indentations in the metal. “Why are there seven body molds on top of the trolley kart metal plate?”
Sweetbriar back steps from the trolley kart and wipes off his dry hands, slapping his chest with a laugh. “Seven represents the number for heaven and it is my lucky number also.” He spins around and climbs backwards onto the stationary chair that is posed on each side of the trolley kart which hangs in the wind. “Climb up and sit down!” He points to the second chair that is opposite of his face.
The other teen male looks at the empty chair. “Where are we going?”
Sweetbriar taps the seat between his legs with a laugh. “We sit down inside one of the rusty chairs on the edge of the trolley platform. A long time ago, there was a team of morgue people that were called lickees…”
The other teen climbs into the sit and wiggles side to side while laughing out loud, “Lick me!”
Sweetbriar turns and sneers at the teen male, “No, stupid tall and handsome and teenly male! The word is spelled l.i.c.h.o.u.s.e. It is a French word that represents morgue or something like that. Anyways, the group of lickees had been the set of fools that gathered up each dead body and then tossed it on top of the metal trolley car and then dumped each body down into the City Morgue. Then, came along, the fleet of steel and oil machines that took over each lickee’s dirty day job,” laughing.
The other teen male frown sin silence and wraps a rusty metal chain around the upper body with a heavy grunt of annoyance.
The trolley car slowly jolts forward and then swiftly speeds down the tracks toward the western horizon at fifty miles per house while blowing trash into the air and into each dead and live face.
Sweetbriar sits on the edge of the kart and snaps his fingers.
A new musical song entitled All Night Long starts to sing out loud: We get up early and we work all day We put our time in cause we like to stay up/ All night long/ All night long/ We keep on grinning ‘til the weekend comes/ Just a pinch between the cheek and gums/ All night long/ All night long/ Start in the morning and get the job done/ Take care of business and we have some fun/ All night long/ All night long/ We like a long neck and a good old song/ Turn it up and then we’ll sing along/ Sin along/ Oh, we’re staying up all night long/ All night long/ All night long…
Note: The true musical song entitled All Night Long had been performed by Joe Walsh in the year 1980.
A few minute later, on top of the railroad tracks, in the dull sunlight, over nasty rain clouds without rain drops, the metal trolley car slows down the speed and then slowly crawls over the track behind a row stationary trolley cars. The head trolley car stops and then slowly tilts upright. The metal clamps retract backward from each dead body and fall down into the hidden slot inside the kart. Then the dead body slides off the metal and drops down on top of a larger pile of numerous fresh and smelly dead bodies.
The next metal trolley car that contains two live males and one live Blackjack slowly shifts ahead and then stops beside the same high pile of fresh and smelly dead bodies, but the kart does not tilt upward.
Sweetbriar swings the chair around over the metal base and slowly stands upright with a smile. “This is our stop! Get off and help me get the girl.”
The other teen male continues to sit in the chair and fiddles with the rusty clips in frustration. “Why did our trolley car tilt upward?”
Sweetbriar moves ahead and stares down at Blackjack inside the body mold. “I have explained before. You were not listening. The computer chip inside each flat-bed trolley car recognizes mine, your, and her individual heartbeat which is a pumping heart from a living person. The trolley car is not going to rear up, until we remove the live female with a live heartbeat. Get unchained and get off the edge of the trolley car! Come over here. We gotta move her off and then kill her in the pile of fresh and dead bodies. No one will ever find her body. Then we can go and…”
“We should kill her there inside the body mold as she wears a pair of metal clamps, without doing any more manual work. The tilting method will slice off each arm and leg,” the teen male removes the chains and leaps up from the chair, moving ahead toward Blackjack.
Sweetbriar stops and stands over Blackjack, pointing down at the chains with a sour frown. “The chains are padded locked by hand and by us. We gotta manually remove her from the trolley car. Then, we just stab her heart right here and leave her next to the pile of bodies like a dead person. No one will figure out the dirty deed. Then we go and find…”
“This place gets me the creeps,” the other teen male stops and stands on the opposite side of Blackjack, squatting down and survey the new landscape. “I see hills and hills and hills among the horizon,” he gasps. “Are these hills really hills of dead bodies? Dead bodies are everywhere.”
Sweetbriar looks up and laughs out loud, returning back, leaning down over the body on Blackjack. “Yeah, two people die every second, somewhere in the world. 105 people die every minute. 6,316 people die every hour. 151,600 people die every day.” He unlocks the pad lock on top of her wrist bones with a smile.
The other teen male leans over and opens the pad lock that covers both of her legs with a laugh. “You’re a very depressing person.”
“You’re a very dead person.” She shouts out loud and opens her eyelashes, jerking a cupped hand backward from her back spine, holding a surgical scalpel that had been taped inside her curve of her naked back spine. She jabs the sharpened point into the left eyeball on Sweetbriar and then swiftly withdraws her weapon and his eyeball, flinging his eyeball into the air. The flying, bloody eyeball lands on top of the pile of dead bodies in the short distance.
Sweetbriar screams in pan and swiftly jerks his folded body backward from Blackjack, holding the injured eye socket, dropping down on top of the trolley metal floor. He wiggles in pain and scream in horror, finally dying a hologram death with a final whisper. “Gorse…”
She twists her wrist bone forward and then flies her bent arm through the air, stabbing the same bloody sharpened tip on the curved scalpel into the eyeball on the other teen male, shoving the blade through the bone skull. The other unnamed and nameless teen male falls backwards with a soft grunt and a final breath of death, experiencing a hologram death.
On top of the trolley kart, inside the body mold, Blackjack slowly stands upright from the body mold, wiping the wet blood off both hands with a sigh and a smile. “Thank you! Now, let us be positive for a moment here, my two new dead gentlemen friends. Four births occur every second of every day. 250 births occur per minute. 15,000 births occur per hour. 360,000 births per day occur, somewhere within our wonderful world. So, I have technically been re-born, sorta,” she turns with a laugh and scans her new environment with a soft cough. “Ugh! I’m at the infamous City Morgue. I hate this place. I know this place very well. I had trained through numerous Future Dead Person hologram games before I became a medical physician by choice and by career, where I had learned about the body in and out right here,” she shuffles ahead and jumps off the trolley car, swiftly dashing ahead before the eruption of dead bodies.
Her trolley car is not going to move, until all the live bodies are moved off the flat platform.
The trolley car slowly tilts upward with a set of squeaky hydraulics. The two dead males swiftly tumble downward into a pile of dead bodies. Then the metal clamps on the dead and former President Nitrix retract. Her body tumbles down on top of Sweetbriar with both of their sweet deaths.
The trolley kart uprights and speeds off heading back to the Hologram Nation for the next floor of dead bodies.
In the distance, a second mechanic arm on top of a flat concrete slab swings back and forth, lifting up a dead body, placing the person down on top of another dead body. Then, a second mechanic arm covers the row of bodies with a pile of loose red tinted dirt. This place is called the City Morgue, where a dead body lives alone in cold isolation from the living person and with the nests of gray maggots, white rats, black colored snakes, and colored birds.
The trolley kart uprights and speeds off heading back to the Hologram Nation for the next floor of dead bodies.
Blackjack scoots around the piles of dead bodies and stands upright inside the railroad tracks without the risk of getting killed by the speeding trolley car that carries a set of fresh dead persons. The trolley system has delivered the load of fresh dead bodies. She squats down and rips off each piece of dry and blood stained clothing from Sweetbriar and another dead terrible-smelling dead male.
“I need a set of regular clothing for my long journey to somewhere else.” She removes her dirty duster coat and dresses laying the new set of clothing over her torn and stained dress. “I didn’t know what I would face for the rest of the evening and tomorrow morning.” She finishes dressing, slipping back on the blood stained dusty coat, squatting down and robs each dead male of their possessions. She slowly stands upright with a smile. “Well, I have money, three hand guns, and four packs of unopened snacks.” She stores all of her new precious possessions, reaching down into the hidden pocket of the duster coat and pulls out the tiny sliver of yellow tinted paper and read out loud. “A dead body never lies.” She stares at the handwritten message and exhaled with relieve, worry, and determination. “A new medical physician receives an ancient rough duster coat on their first day of professional death work. On my first day of work inside an abandoned building, I walked toward a long rack of coats and selected this old duster without thought or purpose. I had attended my first medical job placing the black tinted poison from the first work list on the arm of a young girl of eight years of age. The young girl had terminal cancer inside her brain cells and was unconscious, without awakening from her pain and she could not be cured. The parents of the young girl had decided to terminate their child’s life and then had received on the lump sum of money, instead of taking care of a sick daughter,” she exhales. “I do not understand the logic or un-compassion or greed from her still alive and breathing parents. I still do not understand any of this mess. But I am a fast learner. The original president, who is now dead, had conceived the idea of selling off a dead person. A dead person does not lie and does not cost a penny within a family unit. However, a dead person does not work and make money within the manufacturing facility. The original president had slowly shut down each physician’s office and then recruited them into the death business. Then Nitrix slowly started to withdraw monies from each medical hospital. One by one, each hospital closed down. Then, the new group of unemployed medical physician needed a job and started to work for President Nitrix. The newly hired group of medical physicians had been nicely paid for their death job, obeyed the president and murdered each sick patient, where each family would be handsomely paid for the death. Over time, some of the well-paid medical physicians had refused to continue the death work as they had enough money to live on for the rest of their lives. So, the employed medical physicians had become the new missing and recently deceased citizens within Hologram Nation. Dead and former President Nitrix had single-handedly stopped the health care crisis by killing off all the sick patients. Now, the Hologram Nation only employs a healthy person for the mind-less work of assembling parts for an individual driverless vehicle. Now, the world is changing for the rich and mighty. Bless the poor and meek! I had heard that phrase somewhere a long time again. Now, I find that I fit that axiom, too.”
On top of the wet puddles of red tinted blood, beside a short pile of dead persons, Blackjack slides her hand back down into the hidden pocket inside the duster coat, storing the handwritten message and then pulls out a fresh package of peanuts. She rips open the end and eats one peanut at a time, enjoying the salty mixture, slowly hiking ahead toward the western horizon and away from the piles, the hills, the mountains of dead bodies.
The new Hologram undiscovered territory is located farther away from the city limits beyond the Hologram Nation. No one traverses out here, but a fleet of driver-less trolley cars and the flying birds. She is reasonable safe and has planned for such a terrible event.
Her long black tinted worn duster coat that hides her torn and ratty red and white dotted dress is also lined with packages of cash money for such an emergency. She will not starve of food but plans to hike into the next small Hologram small town, finding a mindless job and an abandoned house as her next homey residence, until she can arrange something a little nicer.
New President Googol might miss her two guards, but she probably does not care. Or she has a set of additional guards to assassin her own two guards onto the return back into the Hologram Nation while covering her business tracks.
That is how business works within politics.
New President Googol has other business plans without worrying about an unemployed death physician while entertaining the three manufacturing companies that produces a fleet of driver-less cars for the growing population of healthy and productive workers, who do not want to think, only eat, and watch the gigantic wall-sized television plasma devise on their day off from work. Thus, new President Googol will become rich, famous and powerful without a doubt.
That is how the world functions for the other guy or gal.
Now, Blackjack will become a humble-bee and join the common working class for her working pay. Her bra is filled with cash money and her brain is filled with smart neurons. She misses her dead parents and feels sad with their vicious and untimely two murders, but she greatly desires to live on without them and without fighting against President Googol.
She will cut off and color her long blonde hair into a short black tinted pixie style while disguising my old self into a new person. She will be still the same non-violent person with a new direction. And she truly believes that a bad thing will pass eventually and a bad action comes back around to the bad person, when the person least expects it.
She moves ahead and eats the peanuts with a smirk, snapping her fingers.
A new musical song entitled The Pretender starts to sing out loud:  Spinning infinity, boy The wheel is spinning me/ It’s never-ending, never-ending/ Same old story/ What if I say, I’m not like the others/ What if I say, I’m not just another one of your plays/ You’re the pretender/ What if I say I will never surrender/ What if I say, I’m not like the others/ What if I say, I’m not just another one of your plays/ You’re the pretender/ What if I say, that I’ll never surrender/ In time, our soul untold/ I’m just another soul for sale/Oh, well…
Note: The true musical song The Pretender had been performed by the musical group Foo Fighters in the year 2007.
She turns and sneers at the crowd of loud people that carry a weapon, “Oh, hell!”
The single hunting knife soars through the air waves and heads toward the neckline on blackjack.
Then, the hologram game goes black.


Island Resort location
Dark Room setting
Outside rain and thunder condition
09:45 am


On the Island Resort, inside the Dark Room, each overhead lamp was not illuminated.
Caim continued to sit inside her pale blue chair with a smile and opened her eyelashes, viewing the same room, exhaling with air molecules in pitch black darkness. “Wow! Whoa! That hologram game was intense. I feel funny.”
The overhead lamps quickly brightened the room again.
Mr. Maker stood in the middle of the room and wore a stern face. “I am so sorry, again, guests. The weather outside is terrible and it is still affecting the operations of the Dark Room. Please do not leave, unless you want to get wet. The island resort generator is powering back one.”
Decktow, Googol, Nitrix continued to sit inside a pale blue tinted metal chair without moving, wearing the black tinted jumpsuit and head gear in silence.
Blackjack stood and then occupied the red tinted chair, wiggling side to side with a smile. “Now, I’m the teen leader.”
Nitrix continued to side and exhaled with mixed emotions, “Yeah, it was really strange. I still feel dead.”
Caim frowned. “Yeah, I still feel dead.”
Googol tossed both arms in the air and laughed out loud. “I still feel happy that I got Blackjack for once.”
Blackjack continued to sit in the red chair with a smile, “No, not really!”
Sweetbriar swiftly stood upright from the pale blue chair and slid sideways, standing with a sneer down at the bald head on Blackjack. “Get outta of my red chair!”
“Shore, Briar Patch!” Blackjack slowly stood upright and twisted around an upright Sweetbriar, sitting down, occupying his old pale blue metal chair with a smile. “But it felt so good on my butthole, sweetie.”
Mr. Maker stood in the middle of the Dark room and shouted out loud with a smile. “Get ready! Set! Go!”
Sweetbriar leaned over and pressed the new button, placing the head gear over his bone skull, standing upright from the chair with a sneer.
Then his teenly mind exploded into the new hologram game.


Unknown time and place, the interior room is coated in black paint and shaped like a square.
Sweetbriar stands upright in front of a solid black wall and on top of the black metal floor, staring into the black colored room.
Blackjack appears next and stands beside Sweetbriar, staring at the black colored room with puzzlement in silence.
Caim arrives next and stands beside Blackjack, staring at the room also in silence.
Nitrix and Googol appear and stand beside Caim in silence with the same puzzlement, surveying the black room.
Each other Island Resort teen appears and stands upright on top of the floor also, staring back at the five teens that represent the game leader and the game co-leaders.
Sweetbriar back steps from Blackjack and shuffles sideways, standing beside Caim. He leans over with a smile into her cheekbone. “Caim, this hologram is going to be a battlefield with numerous enemies. We, five are the brave and bold heroes that battle all of the enemies.”
Caim stares at the rows of teen and gasps in panic. “I am to fight against each teen. I can’t win a hand to hand battle with a teenager. I have never, ever fought with anyone before, not even my parents.”
He laughs, “Geez! Every teen fights with their parents.”
She frowns. “Okay! I mean I have never fought with a teen in a hand to hand battle before.”
He smiles. “Each teen will transform into an enemy of choice. You are the princess warrior that fights with a sword or a club or a gun or a whip or pick a weapon. And you will always win. And each one of us also picks a weapon of choice. For the enemy, pick a villain with an ugly face and a pretty, sexy, manly body,” laughing.
“How many enemies do I kill, Sweetbriar?” Blackjack slides over and smiles at each row of teens still wearing a black tinted jumpsuit.
He frowns. “There are one hundred teens here inside the Dark Room minus four heroes. A hero kills…”
“Kill!” Caim gasps with worry at the rows of teens.
He smiles. “One hero kills about twenty different enemies that will be in character format of the hero. What is your enemy going to look like, Caim?”
Googol slides over and sneers at Sweetbriar while staring at the rows of teens. “No! Our personal enemy character is a fun secret from Sweetbriar and my team of new enemies.”
He frowns, “Very well! Caim, you will split the room into four distinct sections, where a hero will play and slay. Did you like my rhyme? Each one of us will play inside a section with our newly created enemies. Are we ready?”
“Yes,” Blackjack stands upright with a sneer and stares at each row of swaying hologram characters that really possesses a teen mind and teenly personality.
Caim frowns. “No! I have never hit one of the teens here inside my own tiny Dark Room. Is the teen enemy going to hit back at me? What will happen when I hit and then destroy the hologram teen or enemy or whatever?”
He laughs. “Yes, your newly created mind-thought enemy character will hit back at your princess warrior person. But you will win each match. This is all fake and fun. Do you remember?”
Nitrix slides over and sneers at Sweetbriar staring at the rows of confused teens with an individual teen mind. “Then why do we bother playing this silly battlefield hologram game?”
Googol swiftly stands upright and giggles out loud, staring at the lines of teens. “Do it for fun and adventure and action to make every teen happy and productive!” she laughs with the other teens.
He nods. “When you hit or slap or touch or punch or stab or shoot or kick or do anything to a hologram teen, during a hologram mind game, the teen will pretend a human-like injury without the messy human red tinted blood proteins and gory spilled out sticky guts of human tissue. Then the pretend injured hologram teen disappears from the battlefield and returns back into the Dark room. This is how the Dark Room concept continues to function. Else, each teen would become bored. Then the Dark Room concept would not exist and disappear for our teenly fun,” Sweetbriar exhales. “Are we ready? Have I answered all your curious teenly questions, pretend princess warrior, and true female teen Caim?”
“Yeah!” Cam frowns with a stern face.
He stands upright with a smile and stares at rows of teens, “Excellent answer, Caim! Shout out loud your pretend character. Select your personal outfit for the battlefield. Then I will talk next and explain the hologram game.”
“I can do that!” Caim moves ahead from the line of friends with a smile.
He nods with a grin into the lines of teens. “No, I can do that, better!”
Caim raises her arm in the air with a chuckle and as the rows of teens stay silent in movement and sound.
A loud voice sneers in baritone from an invisible male. “I just wanna know. Who is named Sweetbriar?”
Caim laughs. “Thanks for coming to the new hologram game which is called War Party! I am the heroine Princess Warrior. This is my war battlefield. You are my war enemies. Prepare to fight! Or prepare to die! I really don’t care, since this is my fun party and I always win,” her black jumpsuit morphs into a new outfit of dull gray. She wears a sleeveless turtleneck shirt, a short circular skirt that stops a few inches above her kneecaps, and a pair of knee boots. A half-mask of gray covers her eyebrows down to her nose bridge. Her red tinted long hair is wrapped in a set of folded braids on her neck. Her raised arm holds a long-handled spike axe; the other hand carries a duplicate weapon for her fun battle within the hologram mind game. The line of teens sound with claps and cheers, whistles, and shouts of fun amusement for the war party. She bows a chin up and down with a chuckle. “Thank you! Thank you!”
In front of the solid black colored wall, Sweetbriar slides over and stands in the far wall corner a few feet from Blackjack and rises an arm with a smile and as his black jumpsuit changes into a pink tinted long-sleeved tunic dress with slit side that travels down to each kneecaps, a pair of tight matching trousers that are tucked down into a pair of matching cowgirl boot with a pointy toe. A head of long pink tinted hair is tied into a long ponytail running down his back spine without a helmet for fun. He drops the weapon down by his side with a smile. “I am S…Sir B…Blade. Yeah, I am. I’m here to explain the hologram rules, if you have not every played inside a hologram teenly mind game. You are the teenly enemy. Me and my four teenly friends are the heroes. An enemy receives one weapon to fight against your hero…”
The teens sound with a series of loud boos and hisses.
He laughs. “So, the enemy must choose very wisely or die unwisely. Once the hero disarms the enemy, you must fight with your two hands or your ten claws or your two booted feet or your ten manicured toenails,” he laughs. “If your hologram enemy becomes dented or dead, then the gamer is terminated and will exit the hologram. Your participation within the war battle has been completed, done, finished or gone. Or you can stay inside your private bedroom and have fun with your own body parts,” laughing. “The enemy appearance will be selected by each hero in a few moments. The princess warrior is the hostess with the mostess here and is control of the hologram room. She will mentally divide this Dark Room into four sections. There are hundred friends minus five heroes, which leaves ninety-five enemies, now,” he laughs with the others. “For the really slow-minded enemy, that means a hero gets to play and then slay eight individual enemies. As the invited enemy into the hologram game, you can choose which hero to fight. Heroes, spread out against the entrance wall on equal footing. I am moving toward the far side wall. Princess Warrior stands in the middle of the wall. The last heroine stands beside the other wall corner. Thus, you get it now. Everyone, scoot around and select your hero with only eight teens on an enemy team,” he laughs. “So, I will play and slay my eight enemies on this side of the room…”
“Are you called, Sweetbriar, Sir Flake?” One of the teen shoves away the other bodies with a set of strong biceps, stops, and stands with a sneer several feet from Sweetbriar.
Sweetbriar gasps with shock and then turns with a wink and a laugh to see Blackjack. “I will let the rest of the heroines perform their own bold introduction. Go, girl!”
Blackjack does not lift an arm in the air but twirls around her body, spinning to face the rows of teens, wearing a black tinted helmet over her pixie style hair roots with a long brushy ponytail of white tinted horse hair. Her upper body displays a bronze tinted metal armor without sleeves. Her armpit hugs a long barrel silver tinted shotgun. Her lower body wears a bronze tinted tiered skirt that falls down to her naked pale colored kneecaps. Her pale colored legs are naked. She wears a pair of soft black leather ankle boots. “I am Captain Blackjack. I would like for you to meet, my little friend, who is never named, but very eager to make your acquaintance, too,” she laughs with the others. The rows of teens slowly shift around the room as some of the teens want to fight against bold and brave Blackjack.
Nitrix performs a back flip from the floor into the air and then lands down on one kneecap, facing the entrance wall of black hue, slowly standing upright and then slowly twirl around to the other teens with a smile. She wears a strapless and sleeveless red tinted ankle-length silk dress with two side slits up toward her waistline. A pair of black tinted platform sandals exhibits a set of spikes around the platform potion on the fashion shoe and a pair of long black leather gloves covers her set of naked knuckles going up toward her bicep and shows a row of big silver tinted sharp spikes on top of each covered arm. She wears a leather choker with a row of silver tinted spikes around her naked throat. Her hair is piled on her skull and split into two curled ball, where a set of colorful ribbons and soft fringe fabric strands hang down and end at each one of her cheekbones. Each cupped palm displays a sting baton in silver hue. She laughs. “I am Nitrix. Come and feel my silky pain!”
The rows of teens slowly shift around the room again as some of the teens want to fight against pretty and talented Nitrix.
Googol jumps high and touches the ceiling metal, slowly falling down and morphs her jumpsuit into a new outfit. She lands on the metal floor and wears a sky blue bodice over her two tiny breasts with a set of straps that crisscross over her collar bone and around her tiny waistline, a very short skirt that barely covers her butthole. Her pair of legs is naked and displays a pair of thigh-high matching sky blue boots with a set of four inches spiked heels. A long flowing cape touches the floor in matching sky blue hue, draping down from her left collar bone. Each hand holds a blazing leather whip in red gleaming hue. Her hair is pulled into a high ponytail.
Sweetbriar/Sir Blade smiles with a nod. “Princess Warrior, select four different sections of turf, honey!”
Caim points her pike axe at the side wall and then mentally creates a lovely scene of manicured green grass, a grove of tall shade trees against the side wall inside the Dark Room and scattered small pods of short colorful wildflowers among the short grass. Overhead, a pale blue sky, a yellow sun, and scattered clouds of white look down on the group of teens, dividing the second section of enemies, a vertical white wooden fence displays vines of colored roses intertwined through the wooden planks.
Some of the teens sound with a sweet sound of awe. The other teens laugh out loud.
Blackjack sneers. “I hear laughter. Awe! The sound of future dying teens,” laughing.
Caim turns and points the same pike axe at the next second section, where a bunch of teens in a black tinted jumpsuit stand and then she creates the same lovely garden scene with a row of short plant bushes in green hue, instead of the white wooden fence of roses and as the teens react with the same sounds.
Caim turns with a smile and points the same pike axe at the next third section in front of her person, where another group of teens stand, and then she creates the same lovely garden scene with a row of short cherry blossom trees, instead of the row of short green bushes.
She turns with a smile and points the same pike axe at the next fourth section in front of her person with more teens and then creates the same lovely garden scene with a row of tall palm trees instead of the row of short cherry blossom trees.
For the last section against the opposite side wall, Caim turns with a smile and points the same pike axe at the next fourth section in front of her person with the last group of teens and then creates the same lovely garden scene with a row of growing green tinted vines with colorful flower petals, instead of the row of short cherry blossom trees.
Sweetbriar/Sir Blade frowns at the pretty battlefield and raises his sword, morphing his body into a large metal-plated soldier in the color of orange, laughing inside the face mask. “Now, I, Sir Blade, proclaim my enemy, the slick mechanical and metal soldier from beyond the stars. Now, each one of my enemy morph into something like me, so I can play and then slay your buttonhole,” laughing.
Each individual teen body morphs into a tall and wide piece of tinted metal, with a skull of metal that displays a face shield holding the real face on the student teen, with a set of two metal arms, a metal body, and a pair of metal legs and two metal feet.
Sweetbriar/Sir Blade laughs and then morphs back into his pink tinted tunic and trousers, pointing the tip of his sword at the lovely garden section. He morphs the garden into a section of black and cold outer space with scattered twinkling stars and a few twirling colorful planets in the background. “Now, each one of you came from outer space. So, go back up to your home planet. And then, hint, hint, come back down and challenge me, Sir Blade.” The set of shiny and colorful metal gigantic soldiers fly off the black floor and then disappear into the star pattern in the black outer space. He laughs. “Now, wait on my mark to come back down, my enemy of the future. Go, Captain Blackjack!”
Blackjack swings the cold barrel on her shotgun up and points at the huddle of teens with a laugh. Each teen swiftly drops down onto the metal floor with a scream of fear. She laughs at the double silly scene, the second lovely garden scene and the frightened teens. Underneath each stomach, the ground turns into a solid gray pavement of roadway. Pieces of the road curl upward and split sideways over the perfect street, exposing both rocks and dirt. A set of snakes and spiders crawl from the broken pieces of pavement, sitting on top of the stone. She laughs. “My enemy looks like a bloody, partly blinded, sneering zombie, who likes to eat snakes and spiders. I stand at the end of busted city street and defend my human life force person. Now, you start at the beginning of the messy roadway and make me move,” laughing. Each teen morphs an individual bloody and broken human zombie and then swiftly slides backward standing far away from Blackjack. She shouts out loud. “Don’t move until we start the show!”
Caim points her pike axe with a nod at her section of teens, where it displays her lovely garden scene with better clarity and comprehension while creating a ground of boiling orange tinted steaming lava. The rear wall displays a dark green tinted mountain that spurts numerous plumes of gray ash and lava streams up into the red and black tinted skyline. On each side within her section kisses the smooth gray pavement and the row of shade trees, displaying the boiling orange lava with a black hole in the middle of the floor. She raises her pike axe up toward the ceiling. “Now, each one of my enemies looks like a boney skeleton.” Each teen swiftly morphs into an upright set of skeleton bones, wearing a real teen face. She smiles. “Now, get back, skeleton, and get down into your hell hole, where you came from. Hint! Hint! When I start the hologram, ya’ll come out and fight me,” she laughs. Then the set of skeletons drop down into the orange lava ground and then disappear from the scene.
Nitrix twirls her slender glowing blue tinted stun batons in the air in both hands and smiles at her section of teens. “My enemy looks like a gigantic ugly dinosaur. So, each teen, go and pick out what you wanna look like. I don’t care as long as each one is big, ugly, mean, and dangerous.”
Each teen morphs into a tall and ugly monster dinosaur. She points the ball of both batons at her section of a lovely garden and morphs the floor into waves of green tinted ocean water. The pale blue sky and a bright day look down on each teen. The waves slam a golden tinted beach in front of the water that kisses the orange lava soil and the row of trees. “Now, the monster was born from water. And the monster should return back down into the ocean to fight around day with me.” Her set of monsters fall down into the ocean water and disappear from the room.
On the opposite side wall near the corner, co-leader Googol slaps each one of leather whips in the air with a smile. “Now, my enemy consists of vampires and werewolves that like to eat me! And I’m keeping the lovely flower sweet smelling garden. It makes me feel pretty, when I cut off the head of a vampire,” laughing. Each teen morphs into either a pale skinned vampire or a brown tinted hairy werewolf. She cracks the whip in the air with a laugh. Then each enemy hides behind a rose bush out of sight.
At the entrance wall inside the wall corner, Sweetbriar turns and winks at Caim. “The stage is pretty. The friends are ready. The enemies are hidden. Go! Go! Go!” He dashes ahead and the stops. “Stop!” His friends skid to a stop and then turn with confusion to stare at Sweetbriar. He views each friend with a smile, moves backward, and stops, standing inside the far wall corner, “All right! We need some loud music for our personal priss toward the danger zone.” He slowly struts ahead with a smile and snaps his fingers, whipping his sword in the air.
A new musical song entitled The Bitch is Back sings out loud inside the hologram game:  I’m a bitch, I’m a bitch/ Oh the bitch is back/ Stone cold sober as a matter of fact/ I can bitch/ I can bitch/ Because I’m better than you/ it’s the way that I move/ the things that I do, oh…
Note: The true The Bitch is Back has been a musical song sung by musical superstar Elton John and written by Bernie Taupin in the year 1975 and reached the number one musical chart in the country of Canada, number four in the United States, and the number fifteen in the United Kingdom.
Inside the active hologram game which is entitled War Party! Caim and her other four friends bounce up and down with excitement while hearing the musical words, watching him strut toward his battlefield zone.
On the opposite side of the hologram room which is the fifth scene with a flower garden, seventeen-year-old tall and sexy Googol snaps a finger and then cracks the two leather whips in the air, performing a sexy priss in her sexy outfit.
A new musical song entitled Rebel Yell starts to sing out loud inside the active hologram game: Last night a little dancer came dancing to my door/ Last night a little angel came pumping on the floor/ She said, come on baby/ I got a license for love/ And if it expires, pray help from above/ Because/ In the midnight hour she cried, more, more, more/ With a rebel yell she cried, more, more, more/ In the midnight hour, babe, more, more, more/ With a rebel yell, more, more, more/ More, more, more…
Note: The true William Michael Albert Broad was known as Billy Idol song the musical song entitled Rebel Yell in the year 1983, hailing from Great Britain and working in America.
Inside the active hologram game which is entitled War Party! in front of the solid black wall, Nitrix tilts her head and snaps her fingers.
A new musical song entitled Pour Some Sugar on Me starts to sing out loud inside the active hologram game: Pour some sugar on me/ Ooh, in the name of love/ Pour some sugar on me/ C’mon, fire me up/ Pour your sugar on me/ I can’t get enough/ I’m hot, sticky sweet/ From my head to my feet, yeah…
The musical band Def Leppard had recorded the musical song entitled Pour Some Sugar on Me in the year 1987 making the number one positon on the US Billboard Hot 100 music chart. The band members from Sheffield, Great Britain included the musicians of Joe Elliott, Rick Savage, Rick Allen, Phil Collen and Vivian Campbell.
Nitrix slowly moves ahead with a smile and then twirls in a completed circle, facing to see the fourth section with a scene of green tinted ocean waves and golden beach sand inside the teenager Dark Room.
Inside the active hologram game, which is entitled War Party! in front of the same black colored wall, Blackjack slowly moves ahead toward the second section of broken concrete roadway and a huddle of scared zombie teens, without a twirl or a smile, snapping her fingers.
A new musical song entitled I Love Rock and Roll starts to sing out loud: I saw him dancing there by the record machine/ I knew he must a been about seventeen/ The beat was going strong/ Playing my favorite song/ And I could tell it wouldn’t be long/ Till he was with me, yeah me/ And I could tell it wouldn’t be long/ Till he was with me, yeah me, singing/ I love rock n’ roll/ So put another dime in the jukebox, baby/ I love rock n’ roll/ So come and take your time and dance with me…
Note: The true musical song entitled I Love Rock and Rock was released in the year 1982 by the musical band group Joan Jett & the Blackhearts. Joan Jett was an American rock singer, songwriter, composer, musician, record producer, an occasional actress, and the front woman of her band.
Inside the active hologram game entitled War Party! in the front same black wall, Caim slowly moves ahead from the entrance wall and snaps her fingers with a smile that hides part of her face.
A new musical song starts to sing out loud inside the active hologram game: Twinkle, twinkle, little star/ How I wonder what you are/ Up above the world so high…
Inside the active hologram game entitled War Party! the other four friends swiftly stop, spin around, and stare with a puzzled brow at Caim.
Sweetbriar frowns, “Really, Caim!”
Caim halts with a gasp and then exhales with fury, closing her eyelashes, snapping her fingers again.
A new musical song entitled Smoke on the Water starts to sing out loud inside the active hologram game: We all came out to Montreux/ On the Lake Geneva shoreline/ To make records with a mobile/ We didn’t have much time/ But Frank Zappa and the Mothers/ Were at the best place around/ But some stupid with a flare gun/ Burned the place to the ground/ Smoke on the water and fire in the sky/ Smoke on the water…
Note: The true Deep Purple was an English rock band that formed in Hertford, England in the year 1968. The band was known as the pioneer of heavy metal and hard rock music. One of the most recognized rock and roll songs telling a true story of a fire in Montreux, Switzerland in the year 1971. The musical song entitled Smoke on the Water came from the 1972 record album entitled Machine Head. The members of the band were Ian Paice, Roger Glover, Ian Gillian, Steve Morse, and Don Arey.

Inside the second section, the musical song entitled I Love Rock and Rock continues to sing out loud: He smiled so I got up and asked for his name/ That don’t matter, he said/ Cause it’s all the same/ Said can I take you home where we can be alone/ And next we were moving on/ He was with me, yeah me/ Next we were moving on/ He was with me, yeah me singing/ I love rock n’ roll/ So put another dime in the jukebox, baby/ I love rock n’ roll/ So come and take your time and dance with me…
The peeled back street concrete contains three rows of bloody and deformed pale skinned zombies tote a garden tool weapon in one hand slowly limp towards Blackjack. She halts with a whispered frown. “I made the street road too long. The gang of fugly, ugly zombies is taking forever to get here. They might die on the way,” she frowns. “Then I don’t get to shoot my gun.”

Inside the first section, the musical song entitled The Bitch is Back continues to sing out loud: I was justified when I was five/ Raising Cain, I spit in your eye/ Times are changing, now the poor get fat/ But the fever’s going to catch you when the bitch gets back/ Eat meat on Friday, that’s alright/ Even like steak on a Saturday night/ I can bitch the best at your social do’s/ I get high in the evening sniffing pots of glue/ I’m a bitch, I’m a bitch/ Oh the bitch is back/ Stone cold sober as a matter of fact/ I can bitch, I can bitch/ Because I’m better than you/ It’s the way that I move/ The things that I do, oh…
Inside a scene of black tinted outer space and scattered bright stars, the first metal solder drops down and then halts hovering in the air like he lives in outer space. The solider is colored in neon blue paint with a set of metal pinches on each hand and foot while opening and then closing the weapon with a set of loud clicks. A second metal solider in dark purple hue drops down from the stars and then halts several feet from the first one, forming a sword in both hands, sneering at Sweetbriar.

Inside the fifth section, the musical song entitled Rebel Yell continues to sing out loud: She don’t like slavery, she won’t sit and beg/ but when I’m tired and lonely she sees me to bed/ what set you free and brought you to me babe/ what set you free I need you here by me/ Because/ In the midnight hour she cried, more, more, more/ With a rebel yell she cried, more, more, more/ In the midnight hour, babe, more, more, more/ With a rebel yell, more, more, more/ More, more, more…
Within the lovely garden flowers, a second vampire stands upright from the bushes and moves ahead, hissing the words at Googol. “I wanna drink your red blood, honey!”
Googol whips the leather into the air, dropping it over the neck on the first vampire. She glides the second leather whip down toward the ground, whipping the leather around the two feet on the second vampire. She tosses both arms into the air as the leather snaps. Then each vampire departs with a single body part. The two teens disappear from the hologram game.

Inside the fourth section, the musical song entitled Pour Some Sugar on Me continues to sing out loud: Step inside/ Walk this way/ You and me, babe/ Hey, hey/ Love is like a bomb, baby, c’mon get it on/ Living like a lover with a radar phone/ Looking like a tramp, like a video vamp/ Demolition woman, can I be your man?/ Razzle and a dazzle and a flash a little light/ Television lover, baby, go all night/ Sometime, anytime, sugar me sweet/ Little miss ah innocent sugar me, yeah/ So c’mon, take a bottle, shake it up/ Break the bubble, break it up/ Pour some sugar on me/ Ooh, in the name of love/ Pour some sugar on me/ C’mon, fire me up/ Pour your sugar on me/ I can’t get enough/ I’m hot, sticky sweet/ From my head to my feet, yeah…
Within a scenery of green ocean water, Nitrix dashes ahead with a growl and leaps into the air. A tall, large, ugly purple tinted scaly monster with three red tinted heads, six orange tinted arms, and three green tinted legs jumps up from the rough ocean water and then walks over each ocean waves, snarling at Nitrix.
She flies ahead and flattens her body, slamming both of her spiked fists into the one of the four eyeballs, emerging her body through the rear of the skull. The first monster disappears from the game. She halts and then swings around to see a second monster.
A flying black and gray pteranodon flies below the clouds with a crashed human body of red and pink guts inside its sharp beak, displaying a wing span of twenty feet, stops and hovers in the air, staring down at Nitrix.
“Is that all ya got, big ugly birdie? I’m not scared of you, but you should be scared of me, thou,” she laughs and then bends her kneecaps, swiftly flying up toward the heavens, slamming her spiked fists into the eyeball on the pre-historic ugly monster. The injured and bloody pteranodon drops down toward the green water and then disappears from the game.
Next, a megalodan, an extra-large, extreme ugly, light gray tinted, sixty feet long shark that weight sixty tons leaps up from the green tinted water and hovers in the pale blue sky for a few second, diving back down with a mouth of sharp yellow teeth towards Nitrix.
She charges at the face and then jumps high, flies over its flat gray ugly head, slamming her two spiked fists down on the tail. The shark falls down toward the water and disappears from the hologram game. She tosses both arms in the air and laughs out loud, looking down at the waves in the ocean waters, “Yeah! Me! I win, not you! Come out and come to me the next kitty, kitty for your naughty treat!”
Inside the third section, the musical song entitled Smoke on the Water continues to sing out loud: They burned down the gambling house/ It died with an awful sound/ (Uh) Funky Claude was running in and out/ Pulling kids out the ground/ When it all was over/ We had to find another place/ But Swiss time was running out/ It seemed that we would lose the race/ Smoke on the water and fire in the sky/ Smoke on the water…
Within the scene section with an orange lava soil and an erupting emerald green tinted mountain in the background, plumes of white steam drift up from a flattened black colored hole in the soil. As the white steam parts, a red tinted skeleton crawls out from the black hole, standing upright, scooting toward the edge of the lava ground. Then a set of six more red tinted skeleton bodies with an individual teen personality slowly emerges, forming a long line in front of the erupting emerald green tinted mountain.
The leader skeleton snaps its red tinted boney fingers.
A new musical television theme song entitled The Addams Family sings out loud: The Addams Family/ they’re creepy and they’re kooky, mysterious and spooky/ they’re all together ooky, the Addams Family/ Their house is a museum, when people come to see-em/ They really are a scre-um the Addams Family/ Neat, sweet, petit…
The musical song to the 1964 television series entitled The Addams Family had been written and arranged by Hollywood film and television composer Vic Mizzy. The musical song arrangement had been dominated by a harpsichord and featured a set of finger-snaps as the percussive accompaniment with the musical notes.
The line of skeleton continues to snaps the boney fingers with a silly smile of yellow teeth and then still dancing and swaying side to side during the music.
Another plume of white steam drifts up from the black hole and then parts, a white tinted skeleton emerges with a laugh and wears a black tinted top hat and a body jacket with a set of tails, twirling an open umbrella as a weapon or as entertainment with laughing at Caim.
The musical song entitled Smoke on the Water continues to sing out loud: We ended up at the Grand Hotel/ It was empty, cold, and bare/ But, with the Rolling truck Stones thing just outside/ Making our music there/ With a few red lights, a few old beds/ We made a place to sweat/ No matter what we get out of this/ I know, I know we’ll never forget/ Smoke on the water and fire in the sky/ Smoke on the water…
Caim dashes ahead and whips each pike axe through the air, killing the air waves.
Another plume of white stream drifts up and then parts from the black hole, a second skeleton in blue tinted bones climbs out from hole and stands upright on top of the boiling orange tinted lava. An assortment of numerous yellow and purple with a diamond-pattern snakes slither between each skeleton bones, hissing at Caim.
Caim races forward and swings each pike axe through the air, hitting the twirling umbrella down into the boiling lava. The black tinted silky umbrella melts into gooey black puddle of liquid.
The white skeleton looks down and as the real face on the teen with pimples looks up to see Caim. “Hey! You destroyed my umbrella. I was having fun and twirling for my entertainment.”
She reached back to one side with both pick axes swinging forward, taking off the skull on the white tinted skeleton. The body of the skeleton and the skull drops down onto the floor. The floor slides up with a metal panel exposing a dark hole. Both the skeleton body and its skull fall down in the hole. The panel quickly closes and is covered with boiling orange lava.
Caim dances side to side with happiness of her first enemy kill.
The plume of white steam rises in front of the green erupting mountain up from the flattened black hole and then quickly separates. A third skeleton in pink hue slowly crawls out from the hole.
She stands in place with a growl and twirls both pike axes near her grin.
The row of red tinted skeleton continues to dance side to side, back and forth, snapping their boney fingers.
The musical television theme song entitled The Addams Family continues to sing out loud: So get a witch’s shawl on, a broomstick you can crawl on/ We’re going to make a call on the Addams Family/ They’re creepy and they're kooky, mysterious and spooky/ They’re all together ooky, the Addams Family/ Their house is a museum, when people come to see-em/ They really are a scre-um the Addams Family/ Neat, sweet, petit...

Inside the second section, the musical song entitled I Love Rock and Roll continues to sing out loud: Said can I take you home where we can be alone/ Next we’re moving on/ He was with me, yeah me/ And we’ll be moving on/ And singing that same old song/ Yeah with me, singing/ I love rock n' roll/ So put another dime in the jukebox, baby/ I love rock n’ roll/ So come and take your time an' dance with me/ I love rock n’ roll/ So put another dime in the jukebox, baby/ I love rock n’ roll/ So come and take your time and dance with me…
The numerous rows of bloody and deformed three zombies very slowly limp in body pain ahead and move towards Blackjack. She exhales with a deep sigh of annoyance and continues to move forward with a sneer, still toting the loaded shotgun underneath her right armpit.

Inside the first section, the musical song entitled The Bitch is Back continues to sing out loud: I entertain by picking brains/ Sell my soul by dropping names/ I don’t like those, my God, what’s that/ Oh it’s full of nasty habits when the bitch gets back/ I can bitch the best at your social do’s/ I get high in the evening sniffing pots of glue/ I’m a bitch, I’m a bitch/ Oh the bitch is back/ Stone cold sober as a matter of fact/ I can bitch, I can bitch/ Because I’m better than you/ It’s the way that I move/ The things that I do, oh…
Inside a scene of black tinted outer space and scattered bright stars, the third metal soldier in green hue drops down and halts behind Sweetbriar. So, he is surrounded by three metal soldiers.
Sweetbriar leaps up from the black metal floor and flies through outer space molecules sneering at the second soldier, holding his sword sideways next to his body and slams into the metal kneecap on the enemy. The soldier flips backward and rotates in a continuous vertical spin in outer space.
Sweetbriar spins around backwards and cuts off the pincher metal hand on the first soldier, completing the twirl, slicing off the arm on the second soldier.
The second soldier disappears from the active hologram game.
A third metal soldier drops down from the outer space star field and halts a few feet in-between sweetbriar and the first soldier, slamming a crowbar inside its metal hand, sneering at Sweetbriar.
Then each metal soldier swiftly comes down two-by-two and three-by-three and as Sweetbriar makes his sword sing in a set of lovely musical tones.

Inside the fifth section, the musical song entitled Rebel Yell continues to sing out loud: I walked the world with you, babe/ A thousand miles with you/ I cried your tears of pain, babe/ A million times for you/ I’d sell my soul for you, babe/ For money to burn with you/ I’d give you all and have none, babe/ Just, just, justa, justa to have you there by me/ Because/ In the midnight hour she cried, more, more, more/ With a rebel yell she cried, more, more, more/ In the midnight hour, babe, more, more, more/ With a rebel yell, more, more, more/ More, more, more…
Inside the lovely garden scene, Googol cracks the whip in the air with a smile. Three tall, brown hairy werewolves with a pair of sharp black claws and bloody red eyeballs swiftly jump out from behind the tall shade trees, racing towards Googol. She slaps the first whip at the neck on the first wolf and then pushes backward. The skull on the werewolf disconnects and lands down at her feet and as she laughs. The dead werewolf disappears from the active hologram game.
The two remaining werewolves back steps and sneers at Googol. Three pale skinned and blonde haired short vampires jump down from each tree branch and stand beside the two tall hairy brown colored werewolves while hissing at Googol. Then they both jump up high and land back onto the same tree branch while laughing
On top of the pod of pretty flowers, Googol snaps the whip again and stares at the five teens. “Hey! What are ya’ll doing up there in the tree tops?”
The short vampire stands upright on the top branch of the tree and scratches it black tinted hair, pale body, laughing with a mouth of white fangs, sitting back down on the branch. “We’re monkeys! Woo. Uoo. Goo. Gee…”
She cracks each whip into the air with a sneer. “Stop monkeying around up there with me! No! You are not a monkey from the jungle. You are werewolves and vampires.”
From the bushes, a set of three more vampires step out and then leap into the air, landing on a lower branch, swinging around the bark, making a set of monkey sounds also.
She cracks each leather whip in the air again with a sneer. “Get down right now! I’m getting really mad here.”

Inside the first section, the musical song entitled The Bitch is Back continues to sing out loud: I can bitch the best at your social do’s/ I get high in the evening sniffing pots of glue/ I’m a bitch, I’m a bitch/ Oh the bitch is back/ Stone cold sober as a matter of fact/ I can bitch/ I can bitch/ Because I’m better than you/ It’s the way that I move/ The things that I do, oh/ Bitch, bitch, bitch is back/ Bitch, bitch, bitch is back/ Bitch, bitch, bitch is back/ Bitch, bitch, bitch is back/ Bitch, bitch, bitch is back/ Bitch, bitch, bitch is back/ Bitch, bitch, bitch is back…
Sweetbriar tears into the third metal soldier and whips the shiny, smooth colorful metal into numerous metal body parts for a new flying travel car with a single laugh and one sweat ball.
An array of numerous colorful stars drops down in a pattern-like comet coming from the outer space and collide together making a snapping noise.
A new musical song entitled Stars Fall on Alabama starts to sing out loud: We lived our little drama/ We kissed in a field of white/ And stars fell on Alabama/ Last night/ I can’t forget the glamour/ Your eyes held a tender light/ While stars fell on Alabama/ Last night…
The musical song entitled Stars Fell on Alabama was composed by Frank Perkins in the year 1934 with lyrics by Mitchell Parish.
Sweetbriar continues to hover in outer space and looks up with a sneer to view the pattern of stars. “What are you doing, ya silly array of Stars?”
The lead Star within the teenly mind laughs out loud inside the game at Sweetbriar. “We’re traveling down to Alabama, Sir Blade. We hear it’s a great place to live, work, and thrive. And the creator of your stupid hologram character lives there, too, Sir Flake.” All of the Stars laugh out loud.
Sweetbriar sneers in fury. “What! Whatever! You’re in my flight path as I continue to beat each tin man and wo-man into numerous automobile car parts.” He leaps up and swings his sword side to side, hitting some of the stars. Each colorful Star quickly disappears from the hologram game.
A newest metal soldier in golden hue slowly descends down from the cold black outer space and sneers at Sweetbriar. “I’m winning the automobile battle here, Sir Flake!” The metal soldier laughs and swings the metal post at the back spine on Sweetbriar.
The musical song entitled The Bitch is Back continues to sing out loud: I can bitch the best at your social do’s/ I get high in the evening sniffing pots of glue/ I’m a bitch, I’m a bitch/ Oh the bitch is back/ Stone cold sober as a matter of fact/ I can bitch/ I can bitch/ Because I’m better than you/It’s the way that I move/ The things that I do, oh/ Bitch, bitch, bitch is back/ Bitch, bitch, bitch is back/ Bitch, bitch, bitch is back/ Bitch, bitch, bitch is back/ Bitch, bitch, bitch is back/ Bitch, bitch, bitch is back/ Bitch, bitch, bitch is back…
Sweetbriar spins around in outer space and sneers at the new enemy flying through the air, slamming his sword into the other metal sword and creates a set of fiery sparks and lovely musical tones and as the warrior battle begins.

Inside the third section, the musical song entitled Smoke on the Water continues to sing out loud inside the active hologram game: We all came out to Montreux/ On the Lake Geneva shoreline/ To make records with a mobile/ We didn’t have much time/ But Frank Zappa and the Mothers/ Were at the best place around/ But some stupid with a flare gun/ Burned the place to the ground/ Smoke on the water and fire in the sky/ Smoke on the water…
The plume of white mist drifts up from the black hole. A pink tinted third skeleton emerges from the hole and wears a diamond tiara, a long string of pearls, tossing a handful of flower petals in yellow, orange, and red with a giggle at her friend Caim.
Caim slams the pike axe with a heavy sneer into the stream of drifting flower petals and then connects at a set of rib cage bones on the skeleton, killing the enemy. The pink tinted skeleton disappears from the game. She leans back and shakes her bone skull, laughing out loud with fun.

Inside the fourth section, the musical song entitled Pour Some Sugar On Me continues to sing out loud: Listen! Red light, yellow light, green-a-light go/ Crazy little woman in a one-man show/ Mirror queen, mannequine, rhythm of love/ Sweet dream, saccharine, loosen up/ Loosen up/ You gotta squeeze a little, squeeze a little/ Tease a little more/ Easy operator come a knocking on my door/ Sometime, anytime, sugar me sweet/ Little miss innocent sugar me, yeah, yeah/ Give a little more/ Take a bottle, shake it up/ Break the bubble, break it up/ Pour some sugar on me? Ooh, in the name of love/ Pour some sugar on me? C’mon, fire me up/ Pour your sugar on me? I can’t get enough/ I’m hot, sticky sweet/ From my head to my feet, yeah…
The scene displays a series of green waves of ocean water, a flat beach of golden sand, a pale blue clear sky. The set of waves of ocean twirls down into a whirlpool of swift churning water, creating a deep hole. The water parts and reveals a fifth monster. A brown and black colored gigantic tarantella with eight hairy legs, two mouth pinchers, and six orange colored eyeballs stares at the heroine.
Nitrix stops running with a gasp and then points her finger with a sour frown at the new teen. “Hey, man! Your enemy disguise is supposed to be an ugly dino-monster thing, not a stupid insect.”
The female teen who is inside the ugly and gigantic tarantella starts quickly spinning around in a set of circles, sending tons of water directly at Googol while laughing out loud. The ugly tarantella shouts out loud “How do you like me sugar, honey?”
Nitrix back steps from the twirling tarantella monster and then rubs both eyelashes from the water. Her body is soaked in water. She shakes her body and as the water droplets fly off her clothes and hair roots, hitting down in the golden sand grains. She opens her eyelashes and sneers at the last enemy. “Get ready! I’m coming to kill you, babe!”
The tarantella quickly spins around again in a set of completed circles and sprays tons of water at the heroine while laughing out loud.

Inside the third section, the musical song entitled Smoke on the Water continues sings out loud: They burned down the gambling house/ It died with an awful sound/ (Uh) Funky Claude was running in and out/ Pulling kids out the ground/ When it all was over/ We had to find another place/ But Swiss time was running out/ It seemed that we would lose the race/ Smoke on the water and fire in the sky/ Smoke on the water…
A plume of white stream drifts up into the air, scanning the scene with confusion. “Hey! There’re supposed to be one more skeleton. I have killed all of them but one. Ya see, I can count up to twenty. Where is the last skeleton? Hey! Is someone else down in that open black colored ground hole? Come out and face me, right now!”
The ugly, tall red and yellow scaled Tyrannosaurus Rex crosses the golden sand and lands on top of the orange lava, laughing out loud, “Uoo! My feet are so hot and heated.”
Caim turns and points at the new invader, “Hey, you! You belong over there, not over here!”
“Aw! I’m bored over there. I wanna fight a real princess, darling!” The male teen face on the Tyrannosaurus Rex monster winks at Caim.
She exhales with fun and nods for the challenge, dashing ahead, tossing one of her pick axes at the belly on the yellow and red tinted Tyrannosaurus Rex.
The row of sharp spikes penetrates the tender yellow flash and as the teen scream in pain and then vanishes from the lava soil. Caim nods with a smile and pats the pike axe. “Good weapon! I wanna kill a real ugly monster too!” She looks up and surveys the line of singing red tinted skeleton and then gasps in shock.
A plume of stream departs and reveals the flattened black hole without activity.
A few seconds later and numerus heavy grunts, a green tinted fourth skeleton emerges out from the black hole and slowly crawls over the orange lava. Decktow smiles through the face of a skeleton, looking down with a gasp, seeing a pair of missing feet.
He had ripped the fabric on his black jumpsuit when he had been fighting with Sweetbriar on the bottom of the Dark Room floor and then caught his leg on one of the ladder prongs while climbing out from the dark hole, through an underground secret tunnel, and then into the rain storm. He returned back into the Dark Room after waiting out one of the teenager hologram games.
Inside the current hologram game, on top of the lava ground with the emerald green erupting volcano, Decktow mentally shrinks his skeleton body down shorter and then creates a set of ugly long feet with long toe bones.

Inside the second section, the musical song entitled I Love Rock and Roll continues to sing out loud: I love rock n’ roll/ So put another dime in the jukebox, baby/ I love rock n’ roll/ So come and take your time and dance with/ I love rock n’ roll/ So put another dime in the jukebox, baby/ I love rock n’ roll/ So come and take your time and dance with/ I love rock n’ roll/ So put another dime in the jukebox, baby/ I love rock n’ roll/ So come and take your time and dance with me…
On top of single destroyed vanilla colored city street, two of the female zombies stop and frown at heroine Blackjack. Blackjack stands a few feet inside the damaged city street and continues to shoot, pump the gun, and then reload a new shell while easily killing each limping bloody and deformed zombie.
The two teens slowly limp sideways over into the third section of boiling orange lava and then halt, standing and staring down short Decktow. One of the zombie teens reaches out and slowly encircles his body with a smile, touching his skeleton body and as her hand touches his mind. She giggles with a smile. “You’re cute, skeleton-boy. You make a cute skeleton. Are you really a male here on the Island Resort?”
Decktow wiggles side to side and giggles from her tender touch which causes an array of colorful sparkles on his hologram body while giggling and nodding with a silly grin, “Yeah. Yes, of course, I’m a student there. How else would I be in there?”
The second female zombie leans down and stares into his face with a smile. “You are handsome, not cute. My friend thinks like a little girl. But I think like a woman,” she leans over and licks the side of his skeleton bone for a few seconds.
She snaps her fingers.
A new musical song entitled Girls Just Wanna Have Fun starts sings out loud: I come home in the morning light/ My mother says when you gonna live your life right/ Oh mother dear we’re not the fortunate ones/ And girls they wanna have fun/ Oh girls just want to have fun/ The phone rings in the middle of the night/ My father yells what you gonna do with your life/ Oh daddy dear, you know you’re still number one/ But girls they wanna have fun/ Oh girls just want to have/ That’s all they really want/ Some fun/ When the working day is done/ Oh girls, they wanna have fun/ Oh girls just wanna have fun (girls and boys wanna have fun, girls wanna have)…
Cynthia Ann Stephanie or nicknamed Cyndi Lauper was an American singer, songwriter, actress, and LGBT rights activist and performed the musical song entitled Girls Just Wanna Have Fun in the year 1983.
Inside the active hologram game which is entitled 
Each zombie girl pulls back with a giggle.
Then the other zombie girl leans over and licks the side of his skeleton bone for a few seconds. Decktow continues to wiggle and giggle and as his green tinted skeleton bones sparkle in shades of bright colors. The second girl pulls back with a chuckle.
The first girl leans over and kisses his skeleton cheekbone for a few seconds, pulling with a smile. Then the second girl leans over and kisses the other cheekbone for a few seconds, pulling with a grin. He continues to wiggle and giggle while glowing in an array of reds, blues, greens, yellows, and oranges.
The first girl leans over and kisses his lips for a few seconds, pulling back and licks her lips with a giggle. Then the second girl does the same thing and winks at Decktow.
He continues to wiggle and giggle with delight while glittering in an array of colors.
The musical song entitled Smoke on the Water continues to sing out loud: We ended up at the Grand Hotel/ It was empty, cold, and bare/ But, with the Rolling truck Stones thing just outside/ Making our music there/ With a few red lights, a few old beds/ We made a place to sweat/ No matter what we get out of this/ I know, I know we’ll never forget/ Smoke on the water and fire in the sky/ Smoke on the water…
Caim stomps ahead and then halts with a gasp, dashing ahead, swinging her two pike axes and smashes the two female zombies into several body parts frowning down at the dead bodies. Each zombie body dies and then disappears from the game. 
She slowly moves ahead and then stops, looking at the short green tinted skeleton. “What are you?”
Decktow dances side to side and then stops, posing with a skeleton smile, bending at the waistline and extends a hand. “I’m a skeleton. Don’t I look like a skeleton?”
She frowns. “You look short and green.”
He smiles. “I’m…”
“Dead.” Blackjack slowly moves ahead down the broken street inside the second section, into the third section with Caim. She pumps her shotgun with a new bullet, aiming the smoking barrel at the short green tinted skeleton, blowing an open hole in the chest.
Decktow screams in shock, not in pain, falling down on top of the lava ground. Then his skeleton hologram disappears from the hologram game and returns back inside Dark Room with the other terminated gamers.
Inside the hologram game entitled War Party! Blackjack turns and aims her shotgun, hitting the line of dancing red tinted skeleton one at a time with a laugh. Each dead skeleton disappears from the hologram game.
Caim turns and sneers at her new island friend, “Blackjack!”
Blackjack turns and aims her shotgun with gritted teeth, hitting the spinning brown and black tinted spinning tarantella-monster inside the fourth section, blowing numerous spider parts over the skyline and as she laughs out loud and wiggles the smoking gun in the air.

Inside the fourth section, the musical song entitled Pour Some Sugar on Me sings out loud: You got the peaches, I got the cream/ Sweet to taste, saccharine/ Cause I’m hot, say what, sticky sweet/ From my head, my head, to my feet/ Do you take sugar/ One lump or two/ Take a bottle, shake it up/ Break the bubble, break it up/ Pour some sugar on me? Ooh, in the name of love/ Pour some sugar on me? C’mon, fire me up/ Pour your sugar on me? I can’t get enough/ Pour some sugar on me/ Oh, in the name of love/ Pour some sugar on me/ Get it, come get it/ Pour your sugar on me/ Pour some sugar on me/ Yeah! Sugar me!
Nitrix turns and sneers at Blackjack, yelling out loud in fury. “Blackjack, that’s my enemy, not yours.”

Inside the third section with Caim, the musical song entitled Smoke on the Water continues to sing out loud: Smoke on the water and fire in the sky/ Smoke on the water/ Smoke on the water and fire in the sky/ Smoke on the water…
Blackjack stares and shouts out loud with a laugh at her friend. “Thank you for the lousy compliment, Nitrix.” She spins around with a smirk and aims her gun at the last metal soldier in shiny neon green hue that resides inside the first section with her friend Sweetbriar, shooting the sword. The flying sword hits the metal soldier in the chest cavity and sends the metal body of green hue into the black outer space and as the metal explodes into an array of bright colors of orange, yellow, blue and purple.
In the air waves inside the first section, Sweetbriar turns with a smile and nods to Blackjack. “Thank you! That male was really ugly and nasty. I think he figured out I am whom I am,” laughing.
The hologram environment goes black.


Island Resort location
Dark Room setting
Outside rain and thunder weather
11:29 am


On the Island Resort, the Dark Room displayed blackness again.
Caim continued to sit in the pale blue metal chair in the dark and smiled at the fun time inside the last hologram gameplay.
“I am sorry again,” the voice of Mr. Maker shouted out loud throughout the darkness of the room. “The terrible ocean storm is continuing to disrupt the main power source for the Dark Room setting and each fun hologram game. But have no fear! There is more fun available as the power has returned in three…two…one…now.”
The overhead lamps ignited into brightness.
Caim shaded her eyelashes from the light and as her eyeballs adjusted to the brightness.
Decktow sat beside Caim with his eyelids shut and in silence inside the pale blue metal chair as a co-leader, not the leader.
Some of the people with children took the opportunity to attend the lavatory facilities or stretch a pair of human legs and venture outside to see the storm or eat from the food tables that resided inside the entrance lobby space.
Sweetbriar leaned over the lap on Decktow with a sneer and shouted out loud to Caim. “Caim, I am going to relieve my bladder. Come over here and sit down, guarding my red chair! No one is to occupy my red chair, but me! Get up and get over here!”
Caim turned with a gasp and dropped her hand, sneering back at Sweetbriar. “You should…”
“You should obey me, right now! Get up and get over here, right now, Caim!” Sweetbriar slowly stood upright with a growl at Decktow, who continued to sit with both eyelids shut in silence.
Caim laughed. “I can actually feel each black tinted comma mark between every one of your words. Yay! Yay! I am standing upright from my pale blue chair. I am scooting sideways over the black floor. Excuse me for stomping your naked toes, Decktow! Where is the other fourth of your black jumpsuit, boy?” she laughed. “I bet your two feet and ten toes are cold,” laughing. She sat down in the red tinted chair with a sour frown. Sweetbriar scooted sideways while watching his red chair, Decktow, not Caim.
Decktow opened his eyelids and turned with a smile to see Sweetbriar. Sweetbriar continued to move sideways off the row and exited the Dark Room for the lavatory. Decktow leaned over with a smile and whispered into the nose profile on Caim. “Your friend is not a nice teen.”
“Well, I’m to obey my Task Master, before he beats you up again. Does that bruise hurt on your face?” She laughed and then whispered back to Decktow. “He’s not my friend…”
“O! He’s a guy you met on the beach then.”
She turned and stared at Blackjack beside her other elbow. Blackjack was head bumping with her friend Googol, pointing at the glass monitor while discussing the new upcoming hologram game, where Sweetbriar would be the same teen leader. Caim returned back and whispered into the cheekbone on Decktow. “I seem to run with the wrong gang of teens, as they say.”
He whispered with a smile. “Well, I think I can suggest a fine remedy that wrong move. You are sitting in the leader chair, the red chair. All you have to do it continue to sit in the red chair before the new announcement…”
She gasped. “No! I cannot do that.”
He smiled, “Why not? We live in a place of democracy, where a person is free to speak, walk, and play with any person, as long as, you don’t murder your playmate in their cold red tinted blood and then bury the blue tinted body underneath the white sands,” laughing.
She gasped again. “No! No! Sweetbriar would…”
He growled. “What would he do? Do you really know him? Has sweetbriar threatened your body or your parents before?”
She exhaled. “No, there is nothing like that. I mean, I just met them yesterday at the beach while playing around in the sand and the sea. Then we, five just kinda did some fun beach activities together. That’s all! That’s it!”
He smiled. “But this new venture here inside the Dark Room within one particular hologram game has a bigger payoff.”
She exhaled again. “You’re talking about the grand prize inside the Teenly Wasteland hologram game. Is there really a grand prize? Are you the one that’s playing with me without spilling my set of red tinted blood proteins,” laughing.
He grinned. “I am not a violent person, ever. I’m a gamer, forever. The game is the end point for me. I told you before…”
She frowned. “You have played the Teenly Wasteland game, since you were thirteen years old. Okay. I understand. What is the grand prize?”
He nodded. “The prize is the shiny gold on top of the summit. You saw it too.”
“And if that golden summit has been there, before your birth and until now, why hasn’t some other smarter and talented Game Boy, but you, rescued its glittery gems?”
He exhaled. “I don’t know. Well, I do know. The hologram game is not always straight up obvious. As you find out a single clue and then try to open up the clue that leads toward the grand prize, then something happens inside the game.”
She frowned. “Like what is something that happen?”
He smiled. “I mean…”
“We are restarting the Dark Room control.” Mr. Maker stood in the middle of the room and smiled at each returning gamer, pointing at the entrance lobby. “Please, wear your black jumpsuit for a new hologram game or the continuous of the previous gameplay. Please, come and sit down in any metal chair. Please, do not bring any food or drink product into the Dark Room. Please, remove any rowdy children from the Dark Room. I have finished with my announcements.”
In front of the teenager glass monitor where the capital letter word, teenager, continued to glow, Decktow stood upright with a smile and unzipped his jumpsuit, revealing a set of muscles in his arms and his chest.
Caim turned and gasped at the athletic teen while growling with delight and as her girly hormones ignited into pleasure.
He ripped off the torn jumpsuit and revealed a pair of swimming trunk in the color of maroon hue against his dark skin, tossing the used item in front of the empty rows of metal chairs. Some of the teen had quit the hologram game and returned back to their hotel suite with their parents for the dinner meal.
The Dark Room was not overly heated or crowded with wet bodies like before. But the ocean storm raged outside the building, the sands, and the sea waters.
Decktow leaned over the previous row of metal chair and snatched up a new black tinted jumpsuit, quickly dressing, sitting back down. He leaned over and smiled into the face of Caim. “I mean…”
The rows of overhead lamps powered off making the room dark. Mr. Maker shouted out loud. “Ready! Set! Go!”
In front of the teenager glass monitor, Caim gasped in alarm and continued to sit inside the red chair as the new teen leader, leaning over, staring down at the glowing panel of colorful buttons. Her index finger slowly lowered down and hovered over the words, Teenly Wasteland. 
She sorta believed the words from Decktow and sorta believed the words from her new island friends. She didn’t wanna suffer the suffocating heat in the hologram game again. And she would be the leader and must lead inside an unfamiliar hologram game. However, Decktow would gladly guide her as he is her friend and a co-leader also.
And Caim dreamed about winning a pot of gold. Modern society, every person at the age of eighteen years old had to work and accumulate electronic coins inside an electronic bank. The food boxes, the new clothes, the household appliances were purchased by spending a set of electronic coins, depending upon the merchandise. Like so many of her teen friends, her parents bitterly complained about working and spending all of the electronic coins for human necessities like food, water, and shelter.
Forget about going on a family vacation to a nice exotic hot or cold spot, like in the ancient days a family unit produced one or two children as the parents went to work. The children stayed home and attended the hologram school for an academic education. Or the child grew up and went to work in one of the robot facilities for a paying work job.
Caim was trying to study and pass the medical technician job as her new adult work career, making a good living. However, if she could snatch up a pot of gold, then Caim would never have to study another boring textbook or work a job for the rest of her life.
Inside the darkened Dark Room, the loud voice of Sweetbriar shouted out loud and as his running body slowly shuffled down the middle row with difficulty. “Get up from the chair, Caim! I’m taking over right now!”
Caim continued to sit without giving up her teen leadership role or her red chair and stared down at the shiny pink tinted button with the printed words, Teenly Wasteland.
“Every person, please, sit down, right now! It is too dangerous for any person to be walking or strolling or pacing or running here inside the darkened Dark Room. If you do not sit down, then you will be permanently removed for the rest of your family’s vacation stay here at the Island Resort.” Mr. Maker continued to stand in the darkness and watched with his acute eye sight each human.
Sweetbriar tripped over numerous naked toe bones on each other teen on the same row as each teenager sneered at the reckless male. He stopped and then slid down into the pale blue empty metal chair next to Decktow in panic, leaning over the lap on Decktow, sneering at the nose profile Caim, where he could not see her nose or face or earlobe, very well. “You are the teen leader here, Caim. I didn’t make it back in time. But do not press the button for the Teenly Wasteland…”
Her finger slowly lowered down and as Caim continued to sit and smiled down with delight at the glowing button, pressing the button with a laugh.
Then her teenly mind exploded into the new hologram game.
Unknown time and unknown place, in the middle of black tinted room, Caim appears with a smile and hovers in the air molecules. Quickly, the large room fills up with the Island Resort teens in the air and surrounds her person also.
Caim slowly rotates her body in a complete circle and smiles at some of teens, waving to her four new island friends. “So, I learned a lot from the last few hologram games…”
“Get on with the game!” One of the irritated teens shouts out loud in the air waves. “I’m freezing my buns off here inside this cold Dark Room.”
Caim exhales. “Now, in this one, I’m going to lead as the leader and control all of the fun action. I want my new four friends to come and stand beside me and watch me work here,” giggling.
Her four friends wiggle through the air, halt, and hover beside Caim. Blackjack, Sweetbriar, Mushi, and Googol, each face the semi-crooked lines of island resort teens inside the undecorated Dark Room.
Caim continues to float in the air and waves her arms with a smile. “Attention, teens! May I have your attention to me, please! I am Caim. You know that. You have fallen down or up here into my new hologram game Outer Space War. Today, we’re going to fight within an outer space war. So, you pick whatever role you wanna be, such like, a pilot, a co-pilot, a passenger, or an alien on an alien planet. And then…and then…” she exhales, “Poo! I can show it to you faster and explaining it,” she flings a hand from one side of the room towards the other with a giggle.
The black tinted room morphs into an array of scattered yellow tinted twinkling stars that represents outer space without the cold temperatures and with oxygen molecules for Caim and the island resort teens.
Googol turns and winks at her friend Caim. “She’s got it now!”
Blackjack turns and smiles at her friend Caim also. “She’s red hot. Sizzling!”
Mushi and Sweetbriar, each friend turns and claps for her friend Caim with a smile and a head nod without words.
Caim points at the opposite wall corner on the entrance wall, creating a set of objects. Each object has seven wiggling and crooked legs of green hue which is connected to a single upright, smooth, curved, and elongated body without a set of eyeballs, earlobes, lips, or nose holes. “This is the leader of Green Thumbs, who is commanded by somebody. The fleet is slowly flying through the universe while traveling to another galaxy while minding their own business.”
She guides a finger across the entrance wall and then stops in the middle of the side wall with a smile, creating a second object. The second object is a tall, skinny, silver tinted and upright cylinder shape with a pair of rounded eyeballs in the color of bright blue on each side. “This is the rows of the Tin Cans, who reports to the Evil Enchantress.”
She continues to glide her finger and stops in the far wall corner, creating a third object. The object is set of vertical objects in solid glass, twinkling with an individual colored mist inside each glass container. Caim laughs. “This is the Glass Mothership, where the Evil Enchantress lives, resides, thrives, plays, stays, and hey,” laughing.
She guides her finger across the rear wall and then stops in the middle of the wall, creating a fourth object. The fourth object is square-shaped figure with numerous sets of long spikes around the object in the color of bright yellow. The front of the box contains a large rectangular shaped hole in black hue. She smiles. “This is the Shoebox Mothership which is commanded by Captain Shoehorn.”
Caim glides her finger across the rear wall, passes the wall corner and then stops in the middle of the space, creating a fifth object. The fifth object possesses a long round body with a sharp point in the color of bright red, where two pairs of crinkled wings are attached in the middle of the body. The rear engine on the flying object flames in bright orange fire. She laughs. “This is an individual skimmer ship that is commanded by Skipper Hot Shot.”
She slaps her chest and as her lump of metal forms into a tan colored octagon-shaped figure that contains numerous open holes which surrounds the ship’s dirt surface. “This is my Mud Dauber Mothership. I’m Queen Wasp. Now, the outer space community has been outlined for your choice. Pick out your favorite role and assume the same format with your individual robot hologram for the Outer Space War. The same rule applies. Once you are hit or dented, you will fall down from the outer space scene and land down inside the island resort Dark Room. Then you’re outta of here.” She snaps her fingers.
A new musical song entitled Space Oddity sings out loud: Ground control to Major Tom/ Ground control to Major Tom/ Take your protein pills and put your helmet on/ Ground Control to Major Tom (Ten, nine, eight, seven, six)/ Commencing count down, engines on (Five, four, three, two)/ Check ignition and may God’s love be with you (Two, one, liftoff)/ This is Ground Control to Major Tom/ You've really made the grade/ And the papers want to know whose shirts you wear/ Now it’s time to leave the capsule if you dare/ This is Major Tom to Ground Control/ I’m stepping through the door/ And I’m floating in the most peculiar way/ And the stars look very different today…
Note: The lyrics to musical song entitled Space Oddity was written and song by artist David Bowie and was released in the year 1969. The musical song became one of his signature songs.
Inside the Dark Room, Caim waves both of her arms with a smile at the hovering rows of teens. “Enjoy the ride! Have fun! And ready! Set! Go!”
A new musical song entitled Hey, Girl starts to sing out loud: Hey girl, what’s your name girl/ I’ve been looking at you/ And every guy here’s doing the same girl/ It’d be a shame girl/ If I let you just walk on by/ ‘Cause, I’m all caught up in your sweet smile/ A girl like you comes around once in a while/ So hot, gotta give it a shot/ Gotta get, get a little bit of what you got…
Note: The musical song entitled Hey, Girl was performed by American country music singer and songwriter William Matthew Currington or Billy Currington in the year 2013.
Googol is faster than her other four friends and morphs into a red tinted outfit. The outfit displays a pair of tight leather red colored pants, dragging an open circular skirt from her waistline that puddles the floor. She wears a matching red tinted sleeveless leather bodice with an array of diamond jewelry around her neck, both wrist bones, both of her earlobes, and a crown over her hair roots. She slides across the floor which is really the outer space hologram setting and shouts out loud, waving both arms. “I’m the Evil Enchantress. Come into my parlor room for some fun with me and some torture to them,” she laughs and enters into the Glass Mothership, disappearing from the room.
A new musical song entitled The Monkees Theme starts to sing out loud: Here we come/ Walking down the street/ We get the funniest looks from/ Everyone we meet/ Hey, hey, we’re the Monkees/ And people say we monkey around/ But we’re too busy singing/ To put anybody down/ We go wherever we want to/ Do what we like to do/ We don’t have time to get restless/ There’s always something new/ Hey, hey, we’re the Monkees/ And people say we monkey around/ But we’re too busy singing/ To put anybody down/ We’re just trying to be friendly…
The musical group The Monkees was an American rock and pop band that preformed between the years 1965 and 1971. They had been formed in Los Angeles in 1965 by Bob Rafelson and Bert Schneider for the American television series The Monkees which aired from the year 1966. The band members consisted of Michael Nesmith, Micky Dolenz, Davy Jones, and Peter Tork.
Sweetbriar waves a hand over his black jumpsuit and morphs into a shiny slick silk blue business suit with a pair of bright green shoes and a skinny yellow tinted necktie, racing across the air waves, shouting out loud. “I’m Captain Shoehorn. If you wanna play with me, then you can select your own Shoebox ship, such like, a hiking boot or a fashion high heeled shoe.” He collides into the yellow square shaped shoebox ship and disappears into the ship’s hull wall with an evil laugh.
Some of the teens sail ahead and enters into the yellow colored ship, disappearing from dark outer space.
A new musical song entitled Roar starts to sing out loud: I used to bite my tongue and hold my breath/ Scared to rock the boat and make a mess/ So I sat quietly, agreed politely/ I guess that I forgot I had a choice/ I let you push me past the breaking point/ I stood for nothing, so I fell for everything/ You held me down, but I got up (hey!)/ Already brushing off the dust/ You hear my voice, your hear that sound/ Like thunder, gonna shake the ground/ You held me down, but I got up/ Get ready. ‘Cause, I had enough/ I see it all, I see it now/ I got the eye of the tiger, a fighter/ Dancing through the fire/ ‘Cause, I am a champion, and you’re gonna hear me roar/ Louder, louder than a lion/ ‘Cause, I am a champion, and you’re gonna hear me roar…
Note: The true musical song entitled Roar was performed in year 2013 by Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson who was known professionally as Katy Perry. She was an American singer and songwriter. After singing in church during her childhood, she had pursued a career in gospel music as a teenager.
Blackjack tosses both arms in the air and then slowly lowers her hands, changing into a pair of yoga pants in blue, green, and yellow patches, a matching sleeveless crop top, and a pair of blue sneaker shoes. She dashes ahead and soars through the air with a smile. “I’m Skipper Hot Shot. Come and follow me, if you wanna be a pilot in the Outer Space War.” She disappears inside the skimmer ship and sits inside the single pilot chair, wiggling side to side with a chuckle, fiddling with the hologram controls.
Some of the teens soar ahead and land down inside an individual cockpit with a smile, fiddling with the controls on the ship also.
A new musical song entitled Diamonds starts to sing out loud: Shine bright like a diamond/ Shine bright like a diamond/ Find light in the beautiful sea/ I choose to be happy/ You and I, you and I/ We’re like diamonds in the sky/ You’re a shooting star/ I see a vision of ecstasy/ When you hold me, I’m alive/ We’re like diamonds in the sky/ I knew that we’d become one right away/ Oh, right away…
Note: Robyn “Rihanna” Fenty had been a true Bajan recording artist, actress, fashion designer, and a humanitarian performing the musical song Diamonds in the year 2012.
Teen Mushi slaps her hands down onto the jumpsuit and then changes into a sleeveless, long flowing white dress and soars toward the first row on the Green Thumbs, diving into the green skin, disappearing with an evil laugh.
Some of the other teens follow behind Mushi and enter into an individual Green Thumb, disappearing behind the green slimy skin, laughing out loud.
A new musical song entitled Shape Of You starts to sing out loud: The club isn’t the best place to find a lover/ So the bar is where I go/ Me and my friends at the table doing shots/ Drinking fast and then we talk slow/ Come over and start up a conversation with just me/ And trust me I’ll give it a chance now/ Take my hand, stop, put Van the Man on the jukebox/ And then we start to dance, and now I’m singing like/ Girl, you know I want your love/ Your love was handmade for somebody like me/ Come on now, follow my lead/ I may be crazy, don’t mind me/ Say, boy, let’s not talk too much/ Grab on my waist and put that body on me/ Come on now, follow my lead/ Come, come on now, follow my lead/ I’m in love with the shape of you/ We push and pull like a magnet do/ Although my heart is falling too/ I’m in love with your body/ And last night you were in my room/ And now my bed sheets smell like you/ Every day discovering something brand new/ I’m in love with your body/ Oh, I, oh, I, oh, I, oh, I/ I’m in love with your body/ Oh, I, oh, I, oh, I, oh, I/ I’m in love with your body/ Oh, I, oh, I, oh, I, oh, I/ I’m in love with your body/ Every day discovering something brand new/ I’m in love with the shape of you…
Note: The true musical song entitled Shape of You had been performed in the year 2017 by Ed Sheeran who was an English singer, songwriter, guitarist, and record producer.
Inside the outer space hologram game, a wide field of semi-crooked rows contains numerous upright green tinted cylinders which appear like an individual thumb slowly guides through the darkness of space between the twinkling distance stars toward a scattered stationary pod of colorful planets.
On the opposite side within the dark space, numerous perfect rows of silver tinted, tall, and tin can-looking objects with a pair of blue eyeballs on each side of the curved body appear stay and hover in space. Beside the neat rows of tin soldiers, a glass object stands upright. The Tin Can Mothership appears as a group of smoothly shaped cylindrical tubes, such like, an individual pipe organ. There are six pipe organs which are staggered in the formation as each vertical pipe displays a pretty colorful mist inside the interior compartment for some reason. And each glass window does not exhibit a face from a teen for some weird reason either.
The tallest glass pipe organ stands above the other five and glows in pink mist for some reason also which holds the command bridge. The command bridge is a curved room of solid glass that reflects the beauty of outer space in stars, planets, and ships. Teen leader Googol stands on top of the glass floor inside a pink mist and coughs out loud with annoyance, waving the fumes from her distorted face. She stares out the glass window that displays the dark outer space, distance twinkling stars, and closer pods of scattered colorful planets. She snaps her fingers with an evil laugh. “Move it, individual Tin Man and Woman! Fly ahead and burn up some aliens or outer space men and women with your mouth spit,” laughing.
A new musical song entitled The Stroke starts to sing out loud: Now everybody, have you heard, if you’re in the game/ Then the stroke’s the word/ Don’t take no rhythm/ Don’t take no style/ Gotta thirst for killing/ Grab your vial uh/ Put your right hand out, give a firm handshake/ Talk to me about that one big break/ Spread your ear pollution, both far and wide/ Keep your contributions by your side and/ Stroke me, stroke me/ Could be a winner boy you move mighty well/ Stroke me, stroke me (stroke)/ Stroke me, stroke me/ You got your number down/ Stroke me, stroke me/ Say you’re a winner but babe, you’re just a sinner now…
Note: The musical song entitled The Stroke had been performed by the American rock musician Billy Squier in the year 1981.
Within the active hologram game, the semi-crooked lines of red colored skimmer ships hover in outer space on the opposite side of the rows of Tin Can soldiers. Skimmer ship leader Blackjack continues to sit inside the pilot chair and fiddles with the controls.
The circular field of Green Thumbs slowly steers ahead closer toward a yellow and blue planet.
On the opposite side in the distance beside the field of Green Thumbs, the object is tan colored, horizontal posed and oval shaped, such like, a mud dauber urn-shaped nest. Thus, the object is named the Mud Dauber Mothership. All around the tan dirt surface, there is an individual hole opening that glows in red hue.
A mud dauber is a black and yellow wasp insect that preys on spiders, primarily black widow spiders for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
On top of the horizontal oval Mud Dauber Mothership, a single bubble in peach hue exists and holds the command bridge. Wasp leader Caim appears and then paces side to side with a smile, wearing a short dark green tinted skirt, matching sleeveless vest, and a pair of matching knee boots, rubbing her hands together in front of the curved viewing glass, admiring the cluster of colorful planets, which is her personal domain. “This is great. This is fantastic. This hologram game will be fun. I’m become a teen hero to the rest of the island resort kids. Then…then…”
A loud alarm blares inside the command center.
She spins around with a puzzled brow and surveys the enclosed room of tan hard dirt wall. “What is that noise? Where is that noise coming from?” Caim swings around and views the glass window with a gasp. “What is that thing doing?” She back steps from the window and scoots around the command console, slapping the button. The glass screen displays and then blinks with the words: Enemy. Behind the blinking word, the musical song entitled Shape Of You continues to sing out loud: I’m in love with your body/ And last night you were in my room/ And now my bed sheets smell like you/ Every day discovering something brand new/ I’m in love with your body/ Oh, I, oh, I, oh, I, oh, I/ I’m in love with your body/ Oh, I, oh, I, oh, I, oh, I/ I’m in love with your body/ Oh, I, oh, I, oh, I, oh, I/ I’m in love with your body/ Every day discovering something brand new/ I’m in love with the shape of you…
The pod of flying Green Thumbs slowly steers ahead toward a yellow and blue planet.
Inside the command center on the Mud Dauber Mothership, Caim gasps in alarm and shouts out loud at the window, “Hey, Green Thumbs things! Your group of ugly thumbs is heading toward a planet, a planet of teens. The planet of teen is in your flight path. So, get your ugly green buttholes over to the side and go around the planet! Do you hear me, ugly Green Thumb things?” She slaps the new button and yells out loud. “Hey, Leader of the Green Thumbs! Go around the planet.”
The loose circle of Green Thumbs continues to steer ahead without communication of blinks or squeaks or words on the command screen.
Caim reaches over and slaps a new button in the color of lavender, hollering into the flat speaker on top of the console. “Squad Ladybugs, launch, launch! Scoot the circle of Green Thumb things around the planet right now!”
A new musical song entitled Uptown Funk starts to sing out loud within the outer space hologram game: Girls hit your hallelujah (Woo)/ Girls hit your hallelujah (Woo)/ Girls hit your hallelujah (Woo)/ Cause uptown funk gonna give it to you/ Cause uptown funk gonna give it to you/ Cause uptown funk gonna give it to you/ Saturday night and we in the spot/ Don’t believe me, just watch (come on)/ Don’t believe me, just watch (come on)/ Don’t believe me, just watch (come on)/ Don’t believe me, just watch (come on)/ Don’t believe me, just watch (come on)/ Don’t believe me, just watch/ Hey, hey, hey, oh…
Note: The true musical song entitled Uptown Funk had been performed by Mark Daniel Ronson who was an English musician, DJ singer, songwriter, and record producer. The song featured singer Bruno Mars also which was performed in the year 2014.
A set of individual circular ships in bright red hue appears like a ladybug insect and contains an individual white tinted bubble protective window for the face and body on an individual hologram teen. Each ship launches out from each open hole within the Mud Dauber Mothership. Each circular-shape ship twirls around and around in the air of space and protrudes an array of individual black colored spikes which are the deadly weapons. Each red colored circular ship continues to rotate around in a circle and flies in different direction as it is glided by each hologram teen. Some of the ships fly toward the first row of Green Thumbs, releasing an individual bright yellow deadly ray at the green cylinders. Each yellow ray easily absorbs down into each flying green soft jelly substance on every Green Thumb.
Inside one of the ladybug rotating space ships, one of the teen pilots yells out loud. “I’m sick. I’m dizzy. I’m going to hurl. Stop this ship! I’m…” A new swish noise loudly occupies the floor. The female voice exhales into the speaker. “Ugh! I feel much better. I’m ready to fight now,” she giggles.
Inside a second ladybug ship, the hologram teen male sits inside the cockpit skimmer pilot, “Hey, now! First, I am a guy, not a gal. Second, I do not ride or drive or steer a girly ship. Third, this hologram is stupid and boring. Four, I’m outta of here. Fifth, I’m hunger and getting a lunch meal. Bye, suckers!” The ship rotates around and flies swiftly crashing into the tan colored hard Mud Dauber Mothership, exploding into an array of orange, green, blue, purple waves. The other teens inside the second ladybug laugh out loud with amusement and then disappear from the Outer Space War hologram game, landing back down inside the Island Resort Dark Room.
Inside third ladybug ship, the teen pilot screams out loud with a laugh. “I’m hit. I’m slimed. The Green Thumb things have released a string of green slime at me. I’m melting. I’m gooey. I’m hot and sticky. Some pilot come over here and lick me,” laughing.
The rows of Green Thumbs roll over its green slime and then eat each spinning red tinted ladybug ship with ease, burping out loud with a set of faint laughter from each teen inside the slimy ship.
Inside the Mud Dauber Mothership, Caim gasps in alarm and slaps the orange colored button. “Skipper Hot Shot, kindly go and shove that group of Green Thumbs away from the stationary and rotating planet please!”
“Shore, Queenie!” Blackjack/Skipper Hot Shot presses the button and flies ahead inside the lead blue tinted skimmer ship with a laugh, steering closer to the front line of Green Thumbs, slamming the trigger. An orange lightning bolt hits on the rear line of red tinted ladybug ships and creates a beautiful explode within the darkness. Blackjack smiles, “Awe! That’s so nice and pretty. I do good outer space work.”
Inside the command bridge on the tan colored Mud Dauber Mothership, Caim hits the button and sneers a gasp, “That...that was my ladybug ship, Skipper Hot Shot!”
A new musical song entitled Gator County starts to sing out loud: I’ve been to Alabama, people, ain’t a whole lot to see/ Skynard says it’s a real sweet home, but it ain’t nothing to me/ Charlie Daniels will tell you, the good Lord lives in Tennessee, ha/ But I’m going back to the Gator Country, where the wine and women are free/ There’s a gator in the bushes, he’s calling my name/ And a saying, come on, boy, you better make it back home again/ There’s many roads I’ve traveled, but they all kinda look the same/ There’s a gator in the bushes, Lord, he’s calling my name/ Old Richard Betts will tell ya Lord, he was born a Rambling Man/ Well, he can ramble on back to Georgia and I won’t give a damn/ Elvin Bishop out strutting his stuff with little Miss Slick Titty Boom/ But I’m going back to the Gator Country to get me some elbow room/ There’s a gator in the bushes, he’s calling my name/ And a saying, come on, boy, you better make it back home again/ There’s many roads I’ve traveled, but they all kinda look the same/ There’s a gator in the bushes, Lord, he’s calling my name. Yep…”
Note: The true musical song entitled Gator County had been performed by the musical group Molly Hatchet, an American hard rock band. The band had formed in city of Jacksonville within the US State of Florida, in year 1971.
“O sorry! The ship was covered in green slime stuff. I thought it was the alien. I should might, probably so, do better next time. All right, skimmers! Follow me into battle and only hit the green thumb thing, not a red colored thingy,” Blackjack laughs and swiftly flies ahead, jerking side to side over the rows of red tinted ladybug ships, hitting at an individual Green Thumb. Her orange deadly ray easily absorbs into the slimy green skin without injury to the Green Thumb.
The first row of individual Green Thumbs easily consumes and then swallows up the first planet of yellow and blue, burping out loud. On the command bridge of the Mud Dauber Mothership, on the viewing screen, each voice of a dying individual screams out loud for help. Caim covers her eardrums and closes her eyelashes, fuming with annoyance.
On the view screen, the loose circle of numerous individual Green Thumbs has grown in diameter from eating the whole planet of teens while slowly cruising ahead toward a purple and lavender colored planet.
Inside the command bridge, Caim removes her hands and opens her eyelashes. “Keep it together! This is not going well. But you are the teen leader of the hologram game here,” she reaches down and slams the button. “Captain Shoehorn, go and attack the Green Thumbs!”
The view glass screen only shows the circle field of Green Thumbs that approaches a new planet in red, blue, and purple hue.
She shouts out loud at the viewing screen, “Show me the interior command center of Captain Shoehorn, right now, stupid glass wall!”
On the Shoebox ship, inside the command bridge, the walls are made of paper in the color of pink hue, Sweetbrier wears a short skirt and an Egyptian crown with both arms in front of his chest, pacing back and forth, singing the new song.
A new musical song entitled Walk Like an Egyptian sings out loud through the command bridge: All the old paintings on the tombs/ They do the sand dance don’t you know/ If they move too quick (oh, whey, oh)/ They’re falling down like a domino/ All the bazaar men by the Nile/ They got the money on a bet/ Gold crocodiles (oh whey oh)/ They snap their teeth on your cigarette/ Foreign types with the hookah pipes say/ Ay, oh, whey, oh, ay, oh, whey, oh/ Walk like an Egyptian…
Note: The musical song entitled Walk Like an Egyptian was performed by the American musical band The Bangles. It had been released in the year 1986 and had become the number one musical song on the US Billboard musical chart in the year 1987.
Inside the Mud Dauber Mothership on top of the command bridge, Caim gasps in alarm and clearly sees silly Sweetbriar. The rest of the teen pilots are dressed similar to Sweetbriar and dances around the green tinted dance floor while laughing, drinking, and eating. Caim shouts out loud with fury. “Captain Shoehorn, can you hear me? Captain Shoehorn, what are you doing half-naked inside your command ship? Sweetbriar!”
“What!” Sweetbriar spins around with a gasp to see the activated screen and winks with a smile at Caim. “O! Hi there, girlfriend!”
“What are doing in there, Sweetbriar? This is an Outer Space War.”
He drops both arms with a sigh and flips up a hand with a grin. “O! Don’t worry, girlfriend! This is an outer space party like in 1999…”
“Tie up your shoe strings and get your shoehorn over to Planet Muzeeco, before the blob of Green Thumb things ate them up also.”
He frowns. “O! That sounds so terrible for my eardrums and horrible for my eyeballs.”
Caim screams out loud with fury at him, “Now, Sweetbriar!”
He tosses both arms in the air with a smile, “Okay. Okay. Don’t get so grouchy or grumpy or lumpy, girlfriend. I’m moving ahead toward the somber solid black planet of Muzeeco. Do people really live there in the hologram game…?”
“Sweetbriar!” She screams.
“Out, babe!” Sweetbriar spins around with a frown and points to each teen. “Well, the fun has ended. The teen leader mistress wants us to work or work it out or workout. So, we go and get the soon-to-be dead and dying strayed teens on Planet Muzeeco and have a great big new party. Yay! Get back into your individual fashion shoe-ship.” He spins around and taps on the wall, enlarging the glass screen, viewing Planet Muzeeco, waving his arms. The Shoebox ship slowly moves ahead toward the planet for the rescue.
Planet Muzeeco is shaped like a sideways musical note of chord F with a round sphere in solid planet and an outward stem in solid black.
A new musical song entitled Without Me starts to sing out loud: Obie Trice! Real name, no gimmicks/ Two trailer park girls go ‘round the outside/ ‘Round the outside, ‘round the outside/ Two trailer park girls go ‘round the outside/ ‘Round the outside, ‘round the outside/ Guess who’s back, back again/ Shady’s back, tell a friend/ Guess who’s back, guess who’s back/ Guess who’s back, guess who’s back/ I’ve created a monster, ‘cause nobody wants ta/ See Marshall no more, they want Shady, I’m chopped liver/ Well, if you want Shady, this is what I’ll give ya/ A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor/ Some vodka that’ll jump start my heart quicker/ Than a shock when I get shocked at the hospital/ By the doctor when I’m not co-operating/ When I’m rocking the table, while he’s operating (heyyy!)/ You waited this long, now stop debating/ ‘Cause I’m back, I’m on the rag and ovulating/ I know that you got a job, Ms. Cheney/ But your husband’s heart problem’s complicating/ So the FCC won’t let me be/ Or let me be me, so let me see/ They try to shut me down on MTV/ But it feels so empty without me/ So, come on and dip, bum on your lips/ Fuck that! Cum on your lips and some on your tits/ And get ready, ‘cause this shit’s about to get heavy/ I just settled all my lawsuits; fuck you, Debbie!/ Now, this looks like a job for me/ So, everybody, just follow me/ ‘Cause, we need a little controversy/ ‘Cause, it feels so empty without me/ I said this looks like a job for me/ So, everybody, just follow me/ ‘Cause, we need a little controversy/ ‘Cause, it feels so empty without me…
Note: The true musical song entitled Without Me had been performed in the year 2002 by Marshall Bruce Mathers, the third, who was also known professionally as Eminem, an American rapper, songwriter, record producer, and actor.
Inside the Shoebox command ship, each teen jumps from the dance floor and leaps through the ceiling, flying through outer space, landing inside their designed shoe-ship, such like, a pink colored fashion heel of four inches with a bow on the toe strip, a brown colored hiking boot, an aqua and green colored cowboy boot, a red and orange tinted athletic shoe, a purple colored girly thigh boot, a black and white oxford male shoe, and other colorful shoes. Each shoe-ship swiftly flies ahead in a loose circle and halts in the air, hovering above the long stem on the musical note.
Sweetbriar stands in place and watches the Shoebox ship. The ship halts and lowers down onto the steam of black tinted dirt on the musical note-shaped planet, lifting up the long wide lid on top of the shoebox-shaped ship. A ladder drops down from the rooftop and lands down onto the black soil. Numerous musical instruments, such like, upright flutes, clarinets, guitars, trumpets, represent part of the population on Planet Muzeeco that displays a pair of eyeballs, a pair of naked arms with a pair of white tinted gloved hands, and a pair of naked feet. Each musical instrument person slowly climbs the ladder and lands down on the floor with Sweetbriar.
Sweetbriar scoots into the wall corner and waves both hands, shouting out loud. “Move toward the back wall. Get inside quickly now! Something is coming here to eat ya up! Move towards the back wall.” The single floor inside his Shoebox ship fills quickly. He dashes ahead and slaps the wall, cutting off the ladder, slamming down the rooftop. He lifts the ship from the soil while killing some of the people instruments.
The next shoe-shoe, a fashion heeled sandal with a four inched heel lands on top of the black soil and opens the front door at the front of the platform. Numerous musical instruments, such like, drums, saxophones, trombones, and others quickly enter into the floor on the platform section of the fashion shoe, moving toward the back wall. Then they take the elevator and stop at each floor inside the heel portion on the shoe-shop. The ship becomes filled and then flies off the planet.
The next shoe-ship, a white and black oxford manly shoe lands on top of the black soil and slides open the heel door, filling the single floor with additional musical instrument people. When filled, the shoe-ship blasts off the planet and flies through the air.
A musical song entitled Beatin’ The Odds starts to sing out loud: Well, she grabbed me and asked me/ If I had a name/ She told me she was interested to see/ If I could play the game/ She said her name was victory/ She didn’t want to know the rules/ That’s just the way I wanted to play/ In a game designed for fools/ We were beatin’ the odds, we were beatin’ the odds/ We were beatin’ the odds again/ We were gambling with our souls/ We were playing to win/ We were beatin’ the odds again…
Note: The true musical song entitled Beatin’ The Odds had been performed in the year 1980 by the musical group Molly Hatchet, an American hard rock band that which had formed in city of Jacksonville within the US State of Florida, in year 1971.
The other shoe-ships quickly rescue the other musical instrument-shaped people on Planet Muzeeco and then leave the doomed planet, sailing around in outer space, starting to play numerous happy songs.
The blob of Green Thumbs slowly flies ahead and consumes the next yellow and purple colored planet, growing in height and width, and weight.
Caim points at the screen with a stern face. “Skipper Hot Shot, continue to fight and destroy the pod of Green Thumbs!”
The row of Tin Cans breaks apart and then separates into numerous staggered lines, flying ahead, spraying out a lavender-tinted goo stream from each eyeball that hits each skimmer ship and easily absorbs directly into each Green Thumb.
Caim yells out loud. “No! Ladybug, retreat! Come back to the Mothership. Skipper Hot Shot, get all of your ships out of the way. Each skimmer ship is burning up…”
“I’m burning up,” one of the smartass teens shouts out loud with a laugh. The ship falls down into the darkness of outer space.
The two rows of Green Thumbs fly ahead and consume a new planet in the colors of pink and blue growing in height, weight, and width.
The staggered rows of Tin Cans fly ahead and blast a spray of lavender tinted goo at each red colored ladybug ship or yellow colored skimmer ship or Green Thumb thing. Each ladybug and skimmer ship slowly burns in maroon and silver colors, falling down through black tinted outer space and as each teen laughs out loud.
Some of the dying teens shout out loud a strand of annoying words coming from each burning cockpit for fun and amusement.
“I’m outta of here.”
“Losers!”
“I die.”
“I win.”
“Bye, ya’ll!”
The blob of Green Thumbs continues to fly ahead and consume more of the planets, capturing some of the stationary shoe-ships, such like, the pink tinted high heeled sandal, the brown colored flip-flop, and the tall green colored military boot. It eats the individual ships and then combines the slimy jelly body into one gigantic big blob. Each dying teen laughs out loud in unison. “It’s cold and slimy. I’m melting.”
Inside the active Outer Space War game, the rows of Green Thumbs have run into each other and then formed one, big, gigantic blob of neon green hue that appears upright like a giant thumb, spewing out strands of green slime through the air waves at each object, sucking the object back into the gigantic Green Thumb. The single Green Thumb continues to fly ahead and eats up the first row of red tinted ladybugs and as each teen laughs out loud, exiting from the hologram game.
The staggered lines of silver tinted Tin Can with a set of blue eyeballs on each side of the metal continues to spray out streams of lavender goo, burning each ladybug and skimmer ship. Some of the silver tinted Tin Cans do not burn each ladybug or skimmer ship, but dance with the object within the darkness of outer space.
However, the Green Thumb continues to soar across the darkness of space, cover each ship, planet, and Tin Can, sucking the object back into its gut.
The Glass Mothership continues to stand upright in twinkling colors without movement.
Inside the command bridge on the Mud Dauber Mothership, Caim drops her face down into her open palms. “Ugh! This is a total disaster. What am I to do?” She looks up with a gasp and views a stationary huddle of shoe-ships.
In-between a moving Green Thumb and the dancing pairs of a Tin Can with each skimmer ship, the colorful and unique fleet of shoes that are really ships have survived the attack.
Inside the command bridge on the Mud Dauber mother ship, Caim slaps the new button on top of the horizontal console with worry. “Captain Shoehorn, come in! I need you to attack the Green Thumb. And you need to attack the rows of Tin Cans too. And you need to attack everything, but me. Captain Shoehorn, report to me!” She reaches over and presses a series of new buttons. Her glass screen is replaced with rows of interior screens coming from each shoe-ship.
Inside the interior room, each teen is dressed in a pair of colorful pajamas pacing side to side in front of the viewing screen.
A new musical song entitled Walk This Way plays inside each interior room on every shoe-ship screen: Walk this way, walk this way/ Walk this way, walk this way/ Walk this way, walk this way/ Walk this way, talk this way/ Just give me a kiss/ Like this…
Note: The true musical song entitled Walk This Way had been performed in the year 1975 by the American rock band Aerosmith. The band had formed in the city of Boston within the US State of Massachusetts in the year 1970.
Inside the command bridge, Cain shouts out loud and stares at the weird scene. “What! What is this? What in my universe are ya’ll doing over there?”
Inside the Shoebox Mothership, Captain Shoehorn/Sweetbriar continues to walk ahead with both arms extended in front his chest and wears a pair of pink and green pajamas with tiny golden fish on the fabric with a smile. “We are walking this way.”
She hisses with fury. “Captain Shoehorn, stop that day dream walking and talking! Get back into your regular clothes and attack that super large Green Thumb and save all of my ladybug ships right now!”
“Okay, Task Mistress!” Sweetbriar moves ahead and hits the side of the wall with a laugh, back stepping from the wall with a smile, talking to the side wall. “I obey and hear and do not talk back,” his image disappears from the screen.
Caim stares at the glass screen again where the Green Thumb is sucking down the next green and blue planet. The speaker laughs with jokes from each hologram teen and as each one dies with amusement. She exhales with annoyance and continues to stare in silence at the destruction of the outer space game. 
A new musical song entitled Rapture starts to sing out loud within the hologram game: And then you’re in the man from Mars/ You go out at night, eating cars/ You eat Cadillacs, Lincolns too/ Mercuries and Subarus/ And you don’t stop, you keep on eating cars/ Then, when there’s no more cars/ You go out at night and eat up bars where the people meet…
Note: The musical song entitled Rapture was recorded by Blondie in the year 1980.
Inside the Mud Dauber Mothership, on top of the command bridge, teen leader Caim stares into the viewing screen with a gasp and then looks down with confusion at the console monitor. “Where is that noise coming from? It’s not my theme song in here…”
A mint green colored glove on the long matching arm extends from the darkness inside the hidden hallway holding an x-ray gun that fires out a blue tinted burning streak directly at her back spine.
“Uoo! I’m shot,” Caim screams out loud and as her hologram character disappears from the game.
The Outer Space War hologram game ends.


Island Resort location
Dark Room setting
Outside weather rain and thunder action
01:02 pm


Mr. Maker stood in the center of the Dark Room setting with a smile. “Well, that was interesting! Somebody must be hunger for a lunch meal.”
“I don’t understand. Why happened to me?” Teen leader Caim in the black jumpsuit swiftly stood upright from the red chair and spun around to see Mr. Maker with puzzlement.
He nodded. “You are the teen leader. As the teen leader, sometimes, you are the target also.”
She gasped with alarm. “What! What target? I was the target of what exactly.”
“When the teen leader’s hologram body becomes severely injured, during one of the active hologram games, then the hologram game ends. Then, another teen is allowed to sit inside the red chair in your place, former teen leader.”
She gasped. “Why? What for?”
“That is the hologram game rule…”
“A stupid hologram game rule,” she whispered for her eardrums with annoyance and scanned the row of teens with a stern face while searching for her red tinted masked assassin in full red body armor. The fun hologram game was becoming both danger and deadly to her person. She quickly thought about quitting the activity and strolling back to her private hotel suite without her new four island friends within her heart. However, her active mind was both angry and revengeful wanting to find her assassin within the crowd of teen faces.
He smiled. “The current early afternoon time clock readies for the lunch meal. Please leave the Dark Room and venture back into the large lobby space. I have set up table with chairs for the hunger. There is your private hotel room for the tired. Your draw?” He chuckled.
Sweetbriar swiftly stood upright from the pale blue metal chair and spun around with a gasp to see Mr. Maker. “What about the next hologram game? I’m ready to go forth and place without the hunger and the tired,” laughing.
Mr. Maker nodded with a stern face to Sweetbriar. “Once the gang of hunger and tired teens have re-energized both their mind and their body, then the massive huddle of youth will run ahead from the archway and compete for the red colored metal chair as this is a fair world of competition, since the beginning of time.”
“Not in my time!” Sweetbriar frowned.
Mr. Maker pointed toward the open archway with a smile. “Teens, please, exit the Dark Room. If your body does not exit, then I will interpret your teenly action as a single rebellious teenage action with a nasty disqualification reaction from any and all new hologram game programs during the rest of your vacation period here on the Island Resort.”
Each teen slowly stood upright from a metal chair with a soft grumble and turned with a sour frown, exiting the Dark Room.


Lobby space setting
01:06 pm


Scattered sets of rounded tables with chairs dotted the rectangular space of white paint without windows, where the single double entrance doors of solid glass continued to display the nasty black tinted storm clouds and sheets of heavy rain outside. Each teen slowly scooted down the side wall of white paint, grabbing and filling up an empty plate with food, selecting a table with their old or new friends.
Sweetbriar led his four friends first to the side wall of food tables and then a rounded table in the middle of the room, sliding down, eating in silence. The morning activities had been very taxing. He was both hunger and excited with the upcoming new hologram game.
Blackjack, Googol, Nitrix, and Caim slid down and occupied the rest of the empty chair filling up the table.
Caim stared down the food and then looked up scanning the room for Decktow. She felt bad about not selecting the Teenly Wasteland hologram game as the teen leader, but she didn’t like the smelly place, the heated air, the stupid sister role, and the hidden prize concept. Her acute eyeballs found Decktow in the far wall corner. He was eating with a set of unknown males and females while talking and smiling.
Caim was quite impressed with each teen here. Some of teens had visited the island resort numerous times before. This was her official vacation trip ever. She had never remembered taking a vacation before with her parents, other than visiting her grandparents who lived on the other side of her homeland mountain city.
At the dining table, between Blackjack and Googol, Nitrix chewed and then swallowed the food, staring at Caim. “Does your body hurt, Caim?”
Caim returned back and wiggled side to side in the metal chair, nodding with a stern face. “I am not in pain. But, I felt a…”
“…stinging sensation, yeah, when you get hit, or hurt, or injured inside the hologram game.” Sweetbriar spat out used food particles over his plate and his hand with a sneer, chewing the abused food.
“Yeah,” Caim nodded with a stern face and then looked down at the food, slowly eating, chewing each item. She looked up and scanned the large room, where each island Resort teen continued to talk and eat while scouting for her new enemy. She suspected Decktow first as he wanted her to select the Teenly Wasteland hologram game. But he didn’t sneer or yell at her like Sweetbriar did when he didn’t get his way.
She slowly ate the food and continued to scan each teen face. Caim didn’t know any of names or information about the other teens who were not sitting at her table. However, as she spied on Decktow, he seemed to know more of the teens while socializing with both females and males.
Maybe, Decktow had recruited another teen to wear the red tinted full body armor and shoot Caim in the back spine during the Outer Space War hologram game.
Caim was mad, embarrassed, and worried that another vicious unknown and unnamed Island Resort teenager would target her back spine and her fun during one of the hologram games. She had not achieved the leader role while sitting and then guarding inside the red tinted chair.
Sweetbriar had taken his sweet tea time inside the public lavatory while relieving his bladder or brushing his hair or washing his face or taking a body bath. She didn’t know what he had done, but she had been ordered to guard his red chair. Then Mr. Maker started the program before Sweetbriar charged back.
A hologram game was an interactive playground which was created by a machine, where the human mind was downloaded into a hologram character with body and form for a fun adventure.
Caim continued to eat until she finished the food, scanning each teen again, turning her face to study each one of her new friends. She didn’t know their parents or their home city or their hologram school. And she didn’t know if one of them was revengeful or jealous or violent enough to dress up as an assassin and shoot her back spine during the hologram gameplay.
Caim immediately ditched the idea that one of her friends had done the dirty deed. 
Then her active mind disagreed.
Only a co-leader had more power to augment their hologram character rather than one of the participating gamers. So, maybe, one of her new island friends was the unknown assassin in red hue.
Her active heart disagreed next.
Her four new friends had been very nice to Caim. So Caim concluded that Decktow was the other co-leader with the same power, in which he had abused and used against the teen leader Caim. Caim would be suspicious, rude, and leery of Decktow within the next upcoming hologram game.
A loud bell sounded inside the lobby space.
The voice of Mr. Maker echoed throughout the room. “The lunch period has ended. You are allowed back into the Dark Room for a new session within a new hologram game.”
Each teen quickly ditched the dirty dishes on top of the hard table and then swiftly exited the lobby, moving into the Dark Room, stopping behind the bright yellow horizontal line while mumbling with whispers of excitement again.


Outside weather rain and thunder
02:05 pm
Dark Room setting


The sheets of rain continued to fall and cloud the air with mists producing loud thunder booms and vivid yellow colored lighting strikes across the dark black clouds.
The mass of teens had refreshed and re-energized, standing in several crooked lines, readying for the non-bloody, cut-throat competition for the single red tinted chair as the lead gamer in the new hologram game.
“Go!” Mr. Maker only shouted out loud the single word and watched the commotion from the rows of eager teens again.
Sweetbriar shoved both of his hands through the crowd of teen while sneering and yelling at each body, slowly pushing through the heated bodies toward the rows of empty chairs.
Some teens gave up and selected one of the empty black tinted metal chairs without fighting for the red one.
Decktow leaped from the metal floor and into the air with his athletic body, sailing over the hair roots on a two of petite females, landing on top of nearest black metal chair with a heavy grunt and then jumped airborne again toward the second black chair.
Blackjack gasped at the athletic prowess on Decktow and fought her tall body through the heavy crows of heated teens also toward one of the pale blue chairs.
Caim raced behind Blackjack with panic. She didn’t want the red metal chair, but she wanted one of the pale blue chairs as one of the co-leaders. She was learning quickly that the co-leaders entered the hologram game first, before the rest of the regular gamers and could quickly select one of the better hologram player roles.
Sweetbriar finally broke free from other the heated bodies of teens and swiftly ran down an empty row of chairs with the red metal chair but parallel with the flying athletic body on Decktow while sneering at the tall and handsome male.
They raced toward the red chair ahead of the other teens with sounds of sneers and growls of pain.
Sweetbriar continued to run and leaned forward as far as his arm could reach almost touching his middle finger pad into the edge of the dull red metal with a smile as the new teen leader. Decktow leaped off the black metal chair on the row behind the red chair and flew through the air, landing straight down inside the slick, curved metal seat on red chair, accidentally slipping down with a yell of panic and bounced up and down with a set of girly screams.
Some teens cheered and clapped. The other group of teens shouted out loud with a set of loud boos and hisses.
Sweetbriar gasped in shock and jerked back his hand without permanent damage, sliding down into the pale blue metal chair, leaning over with a nasty sneer into the cheekbone on Decktow and cuddles his non-injured hand.
“Enough, teens!” Mr. Maker stood in the middle of the floor and carefully observed the silly teen behavior, like usual, with a stern face. “The competition has been fair and swift and violent. I expected no less. Now, sit down. Or don’t stay and play!”
“Berrington!” One of the smartass teens shouted out loud with a smile.
“Sawyer!” another smartass teen yelled out loud with a laugh.
A third smartass teen hollered out loud with a chuckle, “Mangrove!”
“Gage!” A fourth smartass teen screamed out loud with a grin.
The four names represented the Quartet, who owned and operated an international security company in the city of Miami within the US State of Florida, which was known as Quartet Associates. But all their dead enemies and some hidden annoyants liked to dub the four non-brothers as Quartet Assholes which was explained in the novel The Quartet, Tom by author Ela.
The rest of the teen selected a chair and sat down for the upcoming new hologram game.
Caim sat beside Sweetbriar, who continued to drool and growl at Decktow.
Decktow continued to bounce up and down with a smile and stared down at the bright button which was entitled Teenly Wasteland.
Blackjack sat next to Caim with a sneer. “This time, I’m not falling down into one of the toddler characters as I know that Decktow will select his favorite hologram game like usual.”
Nitrix and Googol rushed ahead and sat down inside the other two pale blue metal chairs with their friends.
“Don your black jumpsuit and your gear helmet, before I commence the new hologram game.” Mr. Maker waited and watched each teen dress up for safety.
Caim dressed inside her chair as she didn’t wanna fight another teen over the post as one of the five co-leaders. She finished dressing and turned scanning the rest of the Dark Room. The other five glass monitors were outlined in a dangling thick, heavy black tinted curtain that matched the room and also blocked the current active hologram game from a pair of naked eyeballs and a nosy mind. She smiled with understanding. Mr. Maker had forced the other sections to stop and eat a plate of food also as the hologram game would end at midnight.
Decktow had mentioned that a hologram character needed to eat the hologram plate of food. Well, a human needed to eat a plate of food for energy and attend the lavatory before an accident.
Caim continued to scan the room and slowly turned with a soft sneer to view the nose profile on Decktow. She was not the only teen sneering at the male, including Sweetbriar and Blackjack.
Her friends Nitrix and Googol were head-bumping, talking about something.
Decktow continued to sit and smile down at the glowing orange button while waiting on the start of the hologram game.
The overhead lamps flicked off and as Mr. Maker shouted out loud with a smile. “Ready! Set! Go!”
In front of the teen glass monitor, Decktow pressed the button. Then his teenly mind exploded back into the hologram game Teenly Wasteland.


At 08:56 am, in the morning, the same musical song entitled Beth continues to sing out loud: Beth, I hear you calling/ But I can’t come home right now/ Me and boys are playing/ And we just can’t find the sound/ Just a few more hours/ And I’ll be back home to you/ I think I hear them calling/ Beth, what can I do…”
Note: The true musical song entitled Beth was performed by the musical band Kiss in the year 1976 and written by the drummer Peter Criss.
Decktow appears back inside the same four black tinted metal walls within the Dark Room that measures fifty feet long by fifty feet wide by thirty feet high in the same damaged mud house from the previous Teenly Wasteland hologram game from several hours ago. The Dark Room holds a long gleam of dull sunlight that drops down onto the metal floor. He wobbles side to side with a gasp, reaching out for air waves, sitting down on top of the cold metal floor with loud laughter.
He forgets.
When the human mind re-enters into an active hologram game, the game begins at the exact point where it had been terminated for some reason. The reason, a stray lightning bolt had cut the power gird on the Island Room into the electronics inside the Dark Room.
The hologram game picks up and places teen Decktow within the same fifty-ninth mud house inside the Dark Room, where he is slowing searching the metal wall for a secret passage way into the side of the mountain that exhibits a summit of gold for the grand prize.
He slowly stands upright from the floor and leans over, hugging the cold side metal wall, kissing the metal with his lips and trips over the pile of black tinted jumpsuits again. He back steps in angry and then kicks the soft item into the air and away from his feet. The single jumpsuit slowly leaps a few inches up from the dark floor and then lands a few inches away from Decktow with its teeny revenge on the young male. He finishes the examination of the last perfectly intact metal wall and stops in front of the door opening, sliding out from the Dark Room with great disappointment.
He moves ahead, stops, and spins around, donning the pair of protection gloves, climbing back down the hard wall of jagged rocks and debris, landing down on top of an uneven floor of rock and concrete. He exits the house without his reward and exhales with determination, moving to the next damaged mud house.


Sixty-first numbered damaged mud house location
Hot temperatures with bright sunlight
Outside yard setting
09:08 am


He dashes ahead with a stern face toward the sixty-first numbered damaged mud house and quickly searches for a safe entrance. The next mud home contains numerous holes for crawling or jumping from an exposed window. He is not jumping blindly down into a dark and dangerous room.
He stands in front of the next damaged mud house with a deep sigh of excitement, touching the front door with a nod. “Well, I’m here now. The sun is still up and high. I’m still up and high too. And the door is sealed and inaccessible like the other sixty damaged mud houses. The earthquake shook and stirred each house the same way. Is that a clue? If so, then I didn’t know. I made a rhyme within my mind. And then I did it again. I’m cool and sharp and full of shit,” he laughs and back steps from the doorway looking for another way into the new damaged mud house. “Well, I’m ready to find the pot of gold this time. I wonder if she will assist me. I don’t know if I am wrong or right about my new friend Caim. She seems both hesitant and frightened of the hologram game and of me, too. Caim didn’t even select my game, when she was the teen leader. Maybe, she can’t be trusted with my goal either. Well, it doesn’t matter now. The cooking shed is working like normal. I can kill and then cook and then eat any dead animal keeping up my body strength for flying through the air waves and searching through each damaged mud house. I mean I only have forty houses to go, ho. O no! Bless my soul!”
On the side wall of the mud house, one of the tall window panes has been broken apart from the mud structure. He finds a large and broken off tree branch, busting out the glass and window components, tossing the tree branch away. He stands and stares at the side wall on the mud house, seeing a broken window, exhaling with annoyance. “Well, the front door is blocked by lots of big rock boulders. You can’t get inside there. And the side wall on the house contains a broken window. So, I can enter here. Be careful!”
Decktow slowly climbs through the open air without hitting any of the jagged edges on the broken window and then stands inside the collapsed living room setting with a sigh while viewing a pair of blue tinted pair of human manly, hairy legs from the kneecaps down to the green tinted shoes. He frowns, “Same scene, different body. One of the dead homeowners still remains here inside the damaged house. And I’m lucky the dead body doesn’t smell like horse shit. The hologram game like to toss out some ugly, annoying surprises, every once in a while, to toss the gamer off the trail of gold, but not me.” He frowns. “Sorry, dude! I can’t stop and help you right now.” He turns and scans the staircase and the second floor level with a gasp. “The staircase is intact. Why is the staircase and second floor level intact? I mean I can walk up each step and land on top of the second floor like a normal person. Well, this is different. The other sixty houses had contained a damaged staircase, where I had climbed up the wall of rock and jagged trash items reaching the next level. So, does that mean that the house is not damaged? Well, it is damaged. Yeah, yeah, maybe, this is the mud house I have been searching for. Maybe, the Dark Room is damaged here and finally exposes the hidden cave passageway. Okay. So, be careful!”
He carefully climbs up the undamaged wooden staircase that contains individual holes within each wooden plank from a set of creepy bugs that is slowly eating the wood. He finally reaches the top floor and slowly moves ahead with a smile, surveying the second floor walls and rooms. “The lavatory is damaged.” He moves ahead toward the closed metal door, halts, and stands in front of the door with a smile, reaching out, touching the door knob.
The door swings open and reveals the Dark Room.
He cheers and then frowns. “Aw shacks! The Dark Room is intact here. But, the rest of the home has been damaged beyond repair, like usual. I’ve seen all this before too. But I haven’t seen this before.” He feels the hot liquid and looks down with a gasp at the bloody cut. He has scratched his naked upper hand on a piece of jabbed metal from the side wall inside the hallway.
He reaches down and touches the tiny hot wound with a gasp of worry. The dripping set of blood proteins will trigger an injury to his hologram body. Then the hologram master will terminate his hologram character immediately within the active game.
He covers his hand and holds all the blood protein, swiftly back stepping from the open archway, scanning the second floor level and moves ahead toward the light. The wall of glass windows inside the lavatory illuminates the brightness inside the room and part of the darkened hallway.
He stops and stares at the damaged lavatory.
From one of the previous Teenly Wasteland hologram games, a series of earthquakes had erupted and then shaken down all the wooden cabinets which parted from each painted wall. Then cabinet door had dropped off each built-in cabinet creating a pile of broken, busted, and intact items on the floor.
He squats down, carefully lifts, and examines each item, finding a bottle of alcohol, cleaning his hand wound. The wound is very tiny in size but still bleeding over the naked skin and the floor which might trigger his hologram body into termination within the running hologram game, if he does not fix his body. Then Decktow will leave the current hologram game and must wait twenty-four hours before returning back into the same game which is one of the Hologram Master rules.
He looks down and searches for a clean bandage to wrap the wound, finding a dirty cloth. He does not want to receive a set of infectious nasty germs from the dirty cloth that will contaminate his exposed tore, but healthy skin tissue which will also trigger his hologram termination.
He slowly stands upright from the floor and rips part of the clean cloth from the dirty section and as one of his eyeballs spots the square white tinted box.
The white tinted box on the front displays a set of geometric shape in clear hue.
He drops the dirty cloth and squats down, reaching out for the box with a smile, “Awe! A box of tiny bandages is just for me and my tiny wound. That’s so sweet!” He opens the box and empties the contents down into palm of the wounded hand. Each tiny bandage appears as a rectangular shape. However, the front of the white tinted box clearly displays an assortment of shapes, including a circle, a square, a triangle, a diamond, and a rectangular.
He stuffs the contents back into the box and keeps one bandage, slamming the soft clear rectangular shape over the top of his finger tissue, sealing the blood, without pain. He smiles with a laugh, “Awe! I feel the same. And I get to stay inside the game. I’m not fooled. Hey, Hologram Master, I will win here, this time. But my finger wound is contained. I definitely don’t wanna blood dripping down over the hologram set and miss the glory of the gods,” laughing.
He stores the box of bandages inside the side pouch on his running shorts with a chuckle. “Another stolen item! Correction there! Another found treasure!” He spins around and slowly moves over the uneven floor, entering into the Dark Room.
He turns and hugs the new steel side wall, kissing the cold metal with his lips while searching for the hidden passage.
At 10:10 am, Decktow exits the Dark Room without success in finding the hidden passage that leads up into the mountainside reaching the glittering summit of gold before any of the other teen gamers. He slowly stomps down each wooden step with a huff of frustration and then carefully exits through the broken window on the ground floor into the bright sunlight and heated air, swiftly racing down the messy city street and avoids each deep pothole and every cracked slab with a sour frown of disappointment. He cannot enter the remaining damaged mud houses right now. He will miss the last flood of flying metal drones during the late afternoon.
So, Decktow will spend the night here during the upcoming evening hours. In the new hologram morning, he will return back tomorrow morning within the hologram game and continue to search the rest of the damaged mud houses.
On top of the damaged city street, Decktow swiftly runs away from the last inspected damaged mud house and races into the flat red colored field of tall and short yellow and green weeds, leaning down, snatching up his parachute bag and then stops, standing in the middle of the tall weeds. He whips the parachute bag over his back spine and lifts both arms into the air with a stern brow, facing the green lush woodlands on the mountain peak watching for a new fleet of bronze colored flying drones.
A fleet of flying drones travels out every three hours from each robot factory picking up a new set of robot parts coming out from Trash Mountain for some strange hologram reason.
On top of the field of weeds, Decktow hears the whirling sound before seen the flying machines, tossing both arms in the air with a smile. The last flying bronze colored rusty-looking drone comes closer, then closer, and finally closer.
He jumps up from the weedy grass and grabs the rim of crisscrossed wire pattern on the bottom floor on the flying basket, slowly crawling up and then sitting down inside the large carriage. He wiggles around with safety and leans back against the smooth wires, closing his eyelids with a whisper. “I found nothing again. My personally slow-moving, house-by-house, hand-and-finger-inspection is taking too much my time and wasting too much of my energy. Now, I feel both hunger and tired. But, that’s the goal within the game to make the gamer both exhausted and angry. Then the ambitious gamer will never find the golden summit. But I’m not a fool or fooled here, Hologram Master.”


10:31 am
Hot temperatures with bright sunlight
Shared house setting with Caim, Decktow and three toddlers


Inside the warehouse shed, Caim has dropped back down into the same hologram character and sits on top of the cool steel metal floor. Blackjack, Nitrix, and Googol has also returned back as the same set of three individual toddlers, dropping down, landing on top of the floor also.
On top of the floor, each toddler hologram body screams in pain and tosses both tiny toddler arms in the air with a face of flowing toddler tears.
Caim continues to sit on the floor with a sour frown, tossing both arms in frustration, “Geez! Be quiet! Go play! Go eat! Do something, but scream. You, three teens are so annoying.”
“Okay!” Blackjack reaches out and grabs the two dolls on the floor while playing in silence.
Caim slowly stands upright from the floor and wipes off the new brow of sweat form the heated day, moving toward the ratty brown long sofa, sitting down and grunts. She places her face down into both of her sweaty palms with annoyance. “Why is this happening to me? Why am I here inside this heated hellhole? How do I escape from here? I forget that a running hologram game places back into the same hologram role with the same duties. And this is not my reality. This is my new nightmare. I didn’t know,” she looks up with a smile. “Yes, I do know.” She stands upright from the chair, moves ahead, and scoots around the three toddlers, stopping in front of the open window with a whispered gasp of shock. “What is that? Well, it is a fleet of rusty drones. But who is inside that carriage basket on the last drone?”
Through the open window, a fleet of flying bronze tinted rusty drones slowly flies through the air waves for its final destination on the center wooden platform, where a large set of baskets contains numerous robot body parts.
A male teen slowly stirs and then shifts out from the carriage, hanging onto the edge of the empty basket. When the air pathway on his drone flies over the first and highest wooden platform, which was the cooking shed, the male teen jumps down and then lands hard, rolling over the flat hard surface and then stops.
Inside the warehouse shed at the open window, Caim gasps in shock and whispers for her eardrums only, “That…that’s Decktow. What is he doing riding inside a basket underneath a drone?” She gasps with a whisper again. “The summit of gold, he really believes in that prize. And he has been over to the mountainside by a drone carrier. Ugh! He’s too smart and too slick. So, he is my assassin that snuck onto my outer space Mud Dauber Mothership and then murdered my hologram soul. Well, I can play mean and unfair, too,” she giggles. “Well, I can play mean and unfair, after I learn to do that from my Sweetbriar,” she spins around with a loud voice and a lady sneer. “Girls, get off the floor and hold hands and follow me! We are going for a walk to see Sweetbriar.”
Each little toddler stands upright from the floor and tosses both arms in the air, yelling out loud, “Yeah!”
Caim leads out the door with a smile. “Yes, we’re going on a road trip to find the pot of gold, too, ya’ll,” she holds the hand on the black haired and dark skinned Blackjack. She holds the tiny hand on olive skinned and blonde haired Nitrix. Nitrix holds the hand on red haired and bronze skinned Googol as each toddler follows the back spine on teen Caim.


Cooking shred location
11:11 am
Hot temperatures with bright sunlight


Decktow stands at the work counter inside the cooking shed without a shirt, sweating in the heat, slicing up the tender meat from the captured and killed four adult and three baby rabbits into a set of bite-sized pieces of raw meat. He spins around, tossing it piece into the smaller vat of hot water, without getting burned.
He is preparing a pot of rabbit stew for his new set of friends Caim and the three little toddlers as a bribe to help find the hidden cave within the Dark Room. He had been fortune to run across a den of healthy rabbits while slowly stalking and then capturing each one. The rabbit meat will taste sweet, when it is compared to the harsh deer meat.
“Decktow! Decktow! Come out here at once! Where are you hiding in there?” The voice of Caim shouts out loud near the warehouse structure, which is usual. Her hologram character never ventures out this way from her warehouse home, only if it is an emergency.
He gasps in shock, exits the heated cooking warehouse shed, and then stops a few feet from the open archway.
Caim stands a few feet from the refrigerated warehouse shed in the heated sun, sweating with perspiration, laughing with amusement and stares down at the three little girls. Each little toddler has attacked a pile of fresh, raw, and sliced vegetables and fresh fruits, eating some of the items, tossing most of items and scattering each item over the wooden planks.
He continues to stand and growls in annoyance and angry at the children, who are really three smart seventeen-year-old teenagers.
Decktow had spent an hour of his time, after leaving the damaged row of mud houses, landing at the cooking shed and then then scouting for fresh prey going into each food meal.
And Decktow knows the secret truths but he will never voice them out loud for others to hear.
Caim does not scrounge around the man-made trash mountain for a metal piece, because she is required to raise three little girls inside her home within the hologram game.
His neighbor Sweetbriar is a useless Separator with his severed hand and performs shoddy work with each metal piece, where Decktow continues to supply a plate of food every day within the hologram game.
And the newest native, Miss Blantulla is too old to find one single piece of dull or shiny metal, so she returns back to her warehouse home sweaty, tired, and hunger, where Decktow supplies another free meal.
And his hologram character is not allowed to go and scrounge around the man-made trash mountain for a piece of metal as he is required to hunt for food, prepare the food, and serve the food like one of the food robot that exists within his personal world. He finds it interesting that the hologram game limits the role of each player within the environment, without a purpose or an explanation within the hologram instructions. However, Decktow has figured out that each limited gamer possesses unique skills that might aid him in finding the misplaced cave passageway that lead upward toward the golden summit. So, Decktow needs the teenly assistance to find the gold, not a solo teenly act or action.
At first, Caim had been shocked to see the golden summit and did not believe Decktow. Then she quickly changed her mind within the hologram game and then she changed her teenly mind outside the hologram game during the lunch meal.
Now, he doesn’t know what Caim thinks or feels about the pot of gold.
But the three tiny toddlers do not seem to possess the mental capacity of a teenager inside the game for some reason, which is also interesting. So, maybe, the three tiny toddlers cannot aid in finding the gold.
Decktow had completed the game requirements for his hologram character this morning, so he could leave the LA Valley and explore each damaged mud house in the afternoon within the UA Plateau.
Part of the hologram game is role assignment which cannot be dismissed. Else, the hologram character cannot leave its assigned space to explore the other parts within the game that has been dictated by the Hologram Master.
One hour ago, he had climbed the rough hillside terrain and hiked for two miles over dirt and water, flying over the air waves and then returned back his cooking warehouse shed with his treasure. Then he had sliced up the cooked deer meat from yesterday into numerous metal containers which was stored inside the refrigerator unit to feed each one of his hologram characters. In addition, he had to clean all the dirty metal containers and cooking pots into clean items, before the meal preparation, without causing one of his hologram characters to become sick or dead. Else, Decktow would become terminated within the hologram game along with the sick or dying hologram characters, in which he had discovered years ago.
Then he had cut up and sliced all the fresh vegetables and fruits for his rabbit stew into a tall pile that rested in the shady part on top of the wooden platform. The fresh vegetables made the stew salty against the sweet rabbit meat. And finally he was looking forward to testing the rabbit stew later this week.
These are some of the annoying roadblocks that keep Decktow from inspecting the other forty plus damaged muds house, such like, feeding a hungry hologram family unit. Once each roadblock has been passed, then he can go back into the next mud house. 
On top of the wooden plank, Decktow displays a face of angry sweat balls, a naked chest of rolling sweat balls, and a wet pair of running shorts from working inside the heated room. He flexes his two sweaty and bloody hands into two fists of fury, growling at the three little girls who continue to toss and eat and scatter the sliced vegetables and fruits.
Caim continues to stand there and laugh at the cute show without reprimanding the three little girls.
He growls. “What!”
She looks up and smiles at Decktow. “One of the elderly natives, Miss Rissie had fractured her arm from morning work at the man-made trash mountain. My stupid sisterly hologram has to take care of her before I can eat or pee or sleep as my required role. So I’m going over there to mend her wound and take care of her children. So, you must come back home and take care of your three sisters this evening. I don’t know when I will return. So, you are in charge…”
“What!” He shakes his sweaty skull and wears a puzzled brow, “Who? Who is Miss Rissie? I have not met or heard of her.”
Caim smiles with a nod. “You can’t know every single citizen here on Trash Mountain. Believe me! I don’t wanna know anyone else here either. But she came to me with a minor body injury. Miss Rissie is another elderly lady here within the game. I must go and attend to her injured or pretended injured hologram body as I am the hologram nurse here, as well as, your hologram sister as well as the hologram babysitter for these three mischievous tiny toddlers.”
He growls. “I’m cooking.”
She sneers. “This is the point of the hologram game for each character to get along or fight or love or boss each other around within the enclosed environment. Now, there are enough food meals for everyone, including today and tomorrow. Stop your cooking ritual! Wash off your dirty body and get dressed right now! I expect you to come back home in fifteen minutes. Come on, girls! We have chores or something that needs to be completed or done or whatever. Your handsome brother is coming home early to play with each one of you. Now, hold hands and follow the leader!”
Each little girl stops kicking the food piles and stands upright, turning and extended a hand to Caim. The blonde haired girl holds the tiny hand on the black-haired girl. The black-haired girl holds the hand on the red-haired girl. Caim spins around with a laugh and slowly moves ahead with a smile, crossing each steel bridge, strolling in the heated sunlight back home. The blonde-haired little girl continues to hold the hand of the black-haired girl and follows the back spine on Caim, slowly strolling on top of the dangerous steel bridge that does not contain a hand railing for holding or another adult for supervision.
Caim understands the hologram world also. If one of the little hologram toddlers, who is her friend and her hologram sister role, falls off the dangerous old steel bridge, then Caim will experience a hologram death within the hologram game. She does not want to leave the game and is very intrigued with Decktow but does not want to show or share that emotion with him. Caim wants to figure out Decktow and also find her unnamed and unknown assassin that killed her hologram character within the Outer Space War game. 
One of her four island friends or a deceptive gamer Decktow had posed as the red tinted fully body assassin. She will find out and then do something really mean without eliminating her character for termination.
At 11:22 am, on top of the mismatched wooden planks, Decktow continues to softly growl and then huffs with annoyance while staring at the back spine on Caim.
Now, a shy and innocent seventeen-year-old hologram sister Caim has changed her attitude and her mind for some reason. She is definitely interested in staying and playing within the hologram game, maybe, holds a new interest in the pot of gold for her person too.
He slowly moves ahead and squats down, gathering the clean fresh vegetables into the crook of his arm for the new rabbit stew meal, standing upright with a sneer, pondering Caim.
Now, a shy and innocent seventeen-year-old hologram sister Caim has changed her attitude and her mind for some reason. She is definitely interested in staying and playing within the hologram game, maybe, holds a new interest in the pot of gold for her person too.
He returns back into the warehouse cooking shed and dumps the small pile of vegetables into the hot water and covered the small cooking pot.
The rabbit meat and vegetables will slowly simmer throughout the night. Tomorrow, Decktow will arrive early and dip out a large spoonful of the cooked stew into a set of clean meal containers for each family member and family friend.
He quickly exits the cooking shed and grabs the home-made broom and funnel of rain water, cleaning off the wooden planks. If he does not keep the outside platform clean, then a flock of birds will find the loose food piles, eating and then attacking the other food times while entering into the refrigerated shed.
The hologram animal has to be aggressive and mean to survive on the planet. Or the animal dies.
He finishes the work task and returns each object back onto the exterior wall in the warehouse shed.
Decktow spins around and dashes ahead, stopping below the shower head, ripping off his pair of running shorts. He reaches up and pulls down the lever. A heavy stream of cold rain water floods his sweaty face, his dirty body, the dry wooden platform and his mental thoughts, draining all the excessive water down between the planks.
He releases the lever and enjoys the cold water over his heated body, closing his eyelids, pondering his mental thoughts.
At first, Decktow had felt guilty about not sharing his knowledge of the pot of gold with any of the participating gamers. Then he had learned to fly through the air, like a bird, sail over the water, like an airplane, and kill the hologram beast, for a plate of food, which told years and years of practice that really challenged his brains. So far, he had been performing each task with perfection and then he hit literally hit a metal wall, the Dark Room. Then Decktow couldn’t figure out how to penetrate the metal wall without a machine weapon.
Now, he is still stuck in the same place in front of a metal wall.
Within each active hologram game, some of the newer gamers had not like the heated weather or the hard manual work or the smelly man-made trash mountain, so each new gamer would quickly exit from the hologram to find another new funner game.
Sometimes, the hologram game creates a natural disaster that destroys rows of warehouse buildings within the LA Valley. Thus, there is another roadblock to contend with before he can visit the UA Plateau and search through another damaged mud house.
Now, on top of the mismatched wooden platform, underneath the shower head, Decktow quickly dries his naked body in the heated bright sunrays, moves ahead and then dresses in a pair of clean running shorts in dark green hue, where he had found and then stolen from one of the damaged mud houses within the UA Plateau.
He dashes across the platform with a smile, enters the refrigerated storage shed, and stops, standing in front of the home-made tall, rusty, refrigerated upright storage unit, opening the door. The cold air from the appliance tickles his naked chest. He reaches inside and pulls out a tiny metal container, hugging it into his chest with a smile. He had found a ground nest of brown and white quail fowl that other day within the gameplay while capturing, killing, and then cooking the tiny white meat into a single meal.
He is going to share the juicy meat with his deceptive sister Caim but decides to eat it alone now.
Decktow is never selfish about his treasures coming from Mother Nature, willingly sharing with everyone and, sometimes, he does not receive any of the treasures either.
But today is different.
He has been working for hours, since sunrise. The three annoying toddlers have destroyed the food pile. No. Caim has allowed the three little girls to ruin the pile of fresh wild vegetable and fruits, where Decktow had harvested this early afternoon.
He exhales with a smile and tucks the cold metal container down into side pouch, where he had sewn onto the running shorts by hand. One of the old teens had taught Decktow to sew with her hands which was an interesting experience also.
One day, Decktow will find a girlfriend, if he ever meets a mature, happy girl. Each teen female gamer here within the LA Valley only wants a plate of food and a cold shower of rain water while trying to find the pot of gold.
In front of the open refrigerator door, he slams it shut and exits the frigate cold shed, jogging over the steel bridge, reaching his home.


Shared warehouse with Caim, Decktow and the three toddlers
Living room setting
12:12 pm


Decktow stops, stands outside, and stares at Caim in silence.
Caim stands inside the open archway and wears a sour frown, staring at her hologram brother, thumbing back over a collar bone, where the three little girls play inside the main room among spilled toys and spilled food with loud sounds of annoying ear-piercing girly screams.
Caim rolls her eyeballs and then frowns back at Decktow. “I am gone. You are in charge of your three hologram sisters. They can play and have fun right now. But later, you must bathe their stinky little bodies, feed them some food, and then tuck them into their bed upstairs. They are used to the routine and will easily fall asleep. This is a very easy task when it is compared to hunting down, finding, and then killing an injured deer there inside the sink hole dirt pit. I might be very late tonight. And I do not want any messes here inside the house.” She exhales. “Miss Rissie is crying and complaining of terrible pain from her broken arm. So, later tonight…”
“I have work to do…”
“You do have work to do, Decktow.” She nods with astern face. “You stay here and take care of your three sisters. Then we, two can talk during the supper meal. How does that sound to you?”
He smiles. “Yes ma’am!”
“You’re a good brother, Decktow,” she leans over and pecks his cheekbone, pulling back with a wink. “Maybe, me and you can play house, when I return,” she scoots around him with a giggle and exits their shared warehouse building. She jogs down the steel bridge toward the ailing patient.
Decktow moves inside the room with a smile and slides down onto the ancient but comfortable brown tinted long sofa without a pillow or blanket as his personal bedroom is slightly heated during the late afternoon. He watches the three girls.
The little girls play on top of the cool metal floor inside the main room with their home-made soft toys with a set of giggles and smiles.
He reaches down and pulls out the metal container, opening the lid, eating the juicy cooked quail meat. After the delicious meal, he yawns from boredom and a tight stomach, leaning back his rear skull, closing his eyelids for a short catnap.


Hot temperatures with bright sunlight
01:01 pm


One hour later, inside the living room, on top of the brown tinted sofa, Decktow stirs awake to a set of girly playful screams of play while rubbing his eyelids, wiping the sweat form his face. He opens his eyelids and as he gasps in shock.
Each girl appears buck naked without a piece of clothing item, which is common for a two-year-old child, who is unsupervised by an adult. Each child is running around the room, chasing each other with loudly screams of fun.
“What are you doing? Get dressed right now!” He slowly stands upright from the sofa with a set of bored yawns and stomps ahead, crossing the metal floor, stepping into a puddle of cold liquid with a gasp and looks down at the water. He squats down and examines the wet puddle. If the rooftop is leaking from water, he must repair it immediately. Or if a summertime thunder brews up, then house might blow away and then each hologram life will terminate.
However, the clouds have not produced a single raindrop in three weeks. The rooftop will be dry and heated for the sunlight. If there is wetness on the rooftop, then the sun heat would have evaporated it.
He reaches down and almost touches the yellow puddle of liquid, gasping in shock. One of the girls has peed on top of the steel floor. He swiftly stands upright and slowly scans the metal floor, seeing more wet puddles and some piles of black items. He gasps in alarm. “No. No. No.” He runs ahead and chases each little girl around the room, touching her body, wet, dirty, and smelly. “No. No. No.”
He totes each girl out the house and places her inside the outside safety play pen near the wall, where the exterior bathtub stands alone and dry. Then he runs the warm water from the heated pump into the tub and cleans each dirty little girl into a sweet smell of vanilla coming from the set of fresh vanilla bean juice, where he had gathered during one his prey hunts.
He totes each naked, clean girl back into his private bedroom and dresses each child, giving her a food meal of cold bread and sweet honey, until each child is yawning and sleepy. He totes each child into the upstairs bedroom, where each girl quickly and quietly falls asleep.
He returns back into the dirty and smelly living room, holding a homemade brush, cleaning detergents. First, he removes each pile of black girly poop up from the metal floor using the dirty set of clothes from each child, dropping the dirty item down a tiny hole near the wall corner on the floor, where the item lands down into the trash pile below the stilt house. Then he cleans the floor on his hands and kneecaps until the metal gleans and shines.
He returns the items back into the storage closet and moves outside toward the exterior bathtub, cleaning his dirty and smelly body, exhaling with too much hard work.
He stands upright in his nakedness after cleaning a dirty body inside the old fashioned bathtub that has been constructed to wash each little girl while pondering his short seventeen years old of life.
He is unsure about Caim’s interest in his pot of gold, but now he is certain. Her hologram roleplay cannot leave the three little girls unattended or in danger for any reason. But Caim has deceived the hologram master, defeated Decktow, and succeeded with that simple feat.
Now, after Caim returns back to their hologram shared home, Decktow will exit the house, grab the rest of the food packs, and live within the UA Plateau while continuing to inspect the remaining street of damaged mud house. The hidden passage is probably located in the last house, number hundred. So, he will start there first. He laughs out loud and exits the bathtub, moving inside the house, strolling towards his room in the nude like usual to pack a small bag of clothing for his permanent trip outta of the LA Valley.
He turns into the room while his naked body dries out from the cold water drops and moves ahead, stopping beside the open window, standing in front of a steel tray of personal possession. He dresses in a pair of red tinted running shorts and another pair of soft knee high boots.
His private bedroom is composed of four matching steel plated walls in dull silver hue without a single piece of artwork. An open window, without a piece of glass, exists on three of the walls providing a cross-heated wind during the day and a cool breeze at night. Decktow does not spend the evening every night inside the warehouse shed within the hologram game, but some teens somehow can accomplish that feat. Usually, he is required to exit the hologram game for his supper meal with his family members, complete his hologram homework assignment offline, and assist in cleaning his own residential room inside his residential house.
A free standing metal bed frame contains a set of soft bed linens which provides his body a nice slumber nap during the heated day and stands on the side wall in front of the open window.
On the forward wall, a long metal tray with two drawers on a single leg contains numerous items including a stack of clean running shorts, another hunting knife, and a small pouch of tools. The bottom tray contains two other pairs of boots for an emergency.
He slowly wraps the metal items between the soft fabric for his body-flying trip and then stops. He tilts a head to the side and as one of his eyeballs stares outside the open window, glaring at the golden summit that twinkles in the bright sunlight.
Decktow looks down with confusion and scans his body, seeing his pair of running shorts and the set of soft knee-high boots. A faint sound buzzes somewhere within the air waves. His warehouse shed might have sustained some bent metal plates that are buzzing his eardrums inside his private bedroom. So, he needs to quickly find and then repair the damaged panels before he leaves his hologram family unit. Else, his hologram body will be terminated before he reaches the UA Plateau.
Within each previous gameplay, inside the Teenly Wasteland hologram, he always played as the single gamer with some regular school friends and some determined enemies, who continued to jump in and out on the playing field, while looking for the pot of gold also. On occasion, he would encounter a new gamer that wanted to roleplay as his hologram sister, but the gamer eventually left the hologram field from boredom or annoyance.
Thus, having an annoying sister here currently that fights back or talks back is not refreshing to Decktow, it is frustrating within his active neurons and his teenly emotions.
He closes his eyelids and as his acute hearing listens and then pinpoints the faint sound. He lifts up both hands from the stack of items and as his pair of eardrums absorbs a stronger signal from the weird sound. Outside, the flock of birds sings in perfect harmony, without a hologram machine malfunction.
He lifts up both hands near his jawline and as his pair of eardrums absorb a tiny voice coming from his hand.
He gasps in shock and then opens his eyelids, staring down at top of both hands. The index finger on the left hand wears the clear bandage that contains the blood proteins from dripping his blood over the hologram set. The rest of his hands are naked.
He slowly lifts up the left hand and stares down his injured finger with the rectangular clear bandage which slightly twinkles underneath bright sunlight. His pair of eardrums absorbs a tiny male voice coming from the clear bandage.
He gasps in shock and slowly lifts his wounded finger with the clear bandage near his eardrum.
A male timber echoes from the bandage on his finger, saying in a tiny sissy voice. “Is that ‘yours’?”
A female voice echoes back from the same bandage on his finger, saying in a tiny sissy voice. “Yeah, it is ‘mine.’ Did I use the correct code word, sir?”
“Yes, you did. Where are you at?”
“I’m walking on the long bridge. Where are you at?”
“I am not at my home.”
She gasps, “Why not?”
“I’m expanding my horizon, literally. I’m strolling around and meeting some of my semi-naked neighbors.”
She gasps. “You are not.”
He laughs. “I am so.”
“Why would you do that? I thought you didn’t like the other gamers. Why haven’t you jumped out the high platform and killed your hollow selfie?” She laughs. “I know you didn’t like this particular hologram game or that particular teen leader. Then, you can go and play another game.”
The unknown male laughs. “I usually do commit suicide immediately, but I am intrigued with this game. Are you intrigued?”
Inside his bedroom, Decktow holds his finger near his eardrum while listening to each sissy voice, sliding backwards and sits on top of the soft bed linens with a gasp. His finger wears a face patch. He didn’t recognize the product when he was inside the mud house.
A box of face patches is primarily purchased and used by an adult, not a set of kids, like a pair of teenagers, for such reason like this, ease dropping and spying on the two unknown teenagers.
Both of the teens possess a face patch. So one of the teens had held two individual face patches inside his body jumpsuit, where each item had been easily morphed into the role play within the hologram game.
Decktow does that all the time during his hologram school class time with his friends, so he can talk with each friend without disrupting the hologram teacher and classroom activities. 
Decktow cannot figure out which teen gamer is talking, but it is an island teen, not a regular gamer that might be new to the Teenly Wasteland hologram game. He growls into his finger, “Who are you?” Then he slaps his lips with a gasp. The two teens can hear his words.
From the face patch, the voice from the unnamed female teen gasps. “What did you say?”
From the other face patch, the voice from the unnamed female teen laughs. “I said that I am intrigued.”
“Why are you intrigued?” She laughs.
“I have found that I can easily walk across the mountain of trash which greatly perturbs my sensitive nose holes, but I cannot fly across or walk cross or venture across the beautiful Death Valley of poisonous snakes and ponds without dying.”
She says. “O! That’s very intriguing. How did you figure that out?”
“I observe, wait, and take a set of mental notes. And I physically note that there is a summit mountain of solid gold on the opposite side of the deep valley. Did you see the glittering mineral through the bright sunlight?”
She says. “Yes, I see that, also. And, yes, I’m intrigued and worried, also.”
He says. “Why are you worried, darling?”
“Some of the teens are not happy here inside the new gameplay. They are planning to harm…”
“Decktow!” The voice of Caim shouts out loud inside the living room within their shared warehouse shed.
Inside his private bedroom, Decktow slaps off the face patch with a gasp and then cuts all communication with the two unnamed teens, ripping off the rectangular face patch, flinging it across the room at the wall. The stick face patch hits and then clings to the wall without usage gain. He slides off the bed with a sneer and rushes out the open archway, dashing ahead toward Caim. At the same time, the three little girls swiftly tumble down from the staircase and slam into the leg on Decktow. He stops and reaches down, lifting up each one into his arm, slowly moving ahead, entering the living room.
In front of the open archway, a sweaty Caim thumbs back over her collar bone and wears a fall of tears without a single word.
He continues to cuddle the three girls and as each on slaps his sweaty face for fun. He sneers at Caim. “What! What is it?”
She whispers with more tears, “Fire. Smoke.”
He squats down and releases the three toddlers, standing upright, scooting around Caim with a gasp.  The air waves are filled with streams of drifting black smoke and plumes of red, yellow, and blue fireballs that origins near the cooking shed. He dashes ahead with worry.
Caim squats down and gathers the three toddlers on her back spine, and two inside her crooked arms, spinning around, slowly moving ahead toward the fire and smoke with worry.


Cooking shed location
01:55 pm


Decktow skids to a halt and stares at the blazing fire coming from both the burning refrigerated shed and the cooking shed and as he stands on top of the steel bridge with the other teens within the LA Village. He shouts out loud and tosses both arms in the air. “What! What happened here? Why is the cooking-house burning? Why is…”
One of the teens stands beside Decktow and stares at the fire with a red swollen face of sad tears. “You left the rabbit stew cooking all day inside the warehouse structure. The greasy pot caught fire. Then, the fire jumped down onto the floor of grease. The grease fire spread and burned, consuming both of the warehouse buildings.”
Decktow wiggles side to side with a gasp and stares at the high flames and heard the explosion, covering his eardrums, shaking his skull. “No! No. No. That’s not possible.”
She stares at the fire with a sour frown and a matching tone. “It is all possible here. You could have killed each one of us in here. The cooking house is burning down right now. Don’t you see it with your two eyeballs, teen gamer? Are you blind, sir? Where were you, Decktow? You were not here.”
He gasps at the fire. “I…I was hunting…”
“All day long!” She turns and sneers into his sweaty cheekbone. “If you had been here at home, then none of this would have happened, Decktow.”
He frowns at the fire. “What happened? I still don’t understand.”
She snarls at him. “I told you. This is a grease fire, which cannot be stopped by a pair of human hands or gallons of rainwater. The fire has to burn out. We don’t own fire equipment.”
One of the male teens frowns at the row of two firebombs. “Now, we don’t have any food meals.”
He smiles. “There is plenty of food…”
“The refrigerated storage unit is burnt inside the wall. All the food meals are destroyed.”
He gasped. “How did that happen?”
She sneers. “I told you before. This is a grease fire. Everything is gone. Everything is destroyed. We don’t have any more food meals. As a hologram character, I must eat a hologram meal. Or my character dies and then descends back down into that boring Dark Room. Or I get to go and talk with my set of boring parents.”
He smiles. “Yes. There are plenty of food meals inside my house.”
Caim stands at the back spine on Decktow with a laugh and slaps his collar bone with a smile. “No, there isn’t any more food meals left inside our shared warehouse shed.”
He nods with a grin and stares at the two fireballs. “Yes, there is.”
She laughs. “No. There isn’t a set of food meals inside our shared warehouse shed. I gave all the food meals to our neighbors.”
He spins around with a gasp and yells out loud in shock. “What! Why did you do that, Caim?”
Caim sneers. “Do not raise our voice to me, gamer boy!”
He exhales. “I mean. Why did you give away each one of food meals to them?”
Caim reaches out and grabs his naked arm, leaning into his face with a whisper. “You did not understand, Decktow. You were not here guarding the cooking shed.”
“I was…”
She exhales. “Some of the smart teens spotted the fire first. Then all of the teens came here second to watch the cooking shed burn down to the ground. Then each teen turned and stared at me. I had to leave the three girls with one of the young mothers. I ran out here and witnessed the fires. All of the natives were both angry and upset. Their food meals had been destroyed.”
He frowned. “But I…”
“I had to give them all of our food meals, before they became violent and harmed me.”
He frowns. “I still don’t understand. I do…”
She jabs a finger and a sneer at Decktow. “I do. This is your fault.”
He gasps. “What!”
Cain spins around with a smile and a nod viewing the other teens. “Decktow, we don’t have any more food meals. You must go hunting out there in the woodlands right now for food.”
Some teens nod with a smile. The other teens laugh and finger Decktow.
If the hologram character does not eat a plate of food to perform their hologram task, then each dying hologram character will disappear from the gameplay. Then, the gameplay will end.
Most of the teens greatly desire for the gameplay to end with or without the food.
Decktow gasps in alarm. He had been busy searching for the secret entrance through the mountainside. Now, he is tired, dirty, and hunger. A hologram setting does not provide food. He frowns, “But…”
She sneers. “We do not have any food meals. What common word do you not understand?”
He frowns, “Uh!”
“That’s right,” Caim tosses both arms into the air with a smile at the group of annoyed teens, who do not want here inside the active Teenly Wasteland hologram game also. “And you must clean up all of the burnt materials before sunset. There are children here for some reason. The toddlers cannot play about such dangerous objects…”
“But…” He gasps in shock.
One female hologram teenager stares and points at each burnt structure with a sour frown. “Here, within LA Valley, we cannot have a damaged building ever. Some teen might accidentally find this burnt spot, entering each destroyed building, and then become injured. Thus, that teen would experience a hologram death, which is so wrong and not right. So, we cannot allow any of the other teens to become injured. We do not possess a medical box of healing medicines or a smart medical technician here within the game. So, you must demolish this place here and right now.”
“What!” Decktow gasps in alarm. “But I am…”
Caim spins around with a smile and stares at Decktow. “Silence, Decktow! Do not speak while I am lecturing to you for the rest of the teens here inside the LA Valley.” She points at each burnt structure. “I know that you have spent most of your youth constructing this special place for a special purpose.”
He softly growls and folds his hands into a pair of fighting fists. This is not a special place of fun. This is a cooking shred for a food meal to survive the harsh weather elements and the harder narrowed minded native within the LA Village unlike his ex-friend Caim, who is only here for some playtime fun until the outside weather storm passes the tiny island resort. Decktow has played the Teenly Wasteland hologram game for years and is very close to figuring out how to access the mud house, landing on top of the metal square of metal. Then he will win it all.
Caim continues to frown at each burnt structure. “But your special fun place is a safety hazard now to every teen and my three toddlers also. And every damaged item must be removed and then dropped down into the trash pile underneath this ugly burnt and mismatched wooden platform,” she smiles. “Then the refurnished wooden platform can be used for something funner.”
He gasps in shock and moved ahead with a growl toward his mother. “What! No! This is my…”
“Boy!” One tall teen male scoots around Caim, stops, and stands, shoving Decktow backward with a sour breath of opossum meat, “I didn’t like your teenly attitude. And I didn’t like your speech to your sister that lives…”
“…inside this hell hole,” Decktow jerks his muscular arm with a sneer away from the taller, smelly adult male that had never bathed, since his first birthday. He moves ahead and stops, sneering with a whisper into the face on Caim. “I will finish my new task here while I continue to lead the hologram game. But you are to stay quiet. No one knows where I go. No one needs to know where I have been. Some of the teens would be very happy to hear my new whereabouts.”
She frowns. “Why?”
“Shush you voice!” he exhales. “Here, within the LA Village, no other teen has an ambition or a drive or a purpose or a reason, only playtime. Here, no other teen likes to learn or study or grow within their mind, only have fun. Here, no other teen cares about anything but eating and re…”
She laughs. O! I can answer my own question of why. It is only you, Decktow. Look! I was wrong here. I tried to have fun and follow you towards something. But admit it here. You failed.”
“Shush your noise!” He growls. “Do not mention my unique trip within hearing distance of another teen! Better advice! You can leave from here right now. The rain storm should be gone by now on top of the island sands. I’m staying and cleaning up this mess. Then, I’ll go and find some fresh meat for the nightly food meal as the teen leader.”
She gasps in shock. “What!” Caim smiles with a whisper back to Decktow. “Well, that food meal will last one night, not two nights. And if the lead teen within the current hologram game happens to fall down and goes to sleep on the ground without the bear during one of his nighttime activities, then the current hologram game terminates. The end! You can’t work all day and then all night. I know. I tried it too. But I had failed just like you are going to fail within a few hours. Then I get to leave this heated place. So, get to your hard work,” she shoves his naked bicep away from her body with a nod and a smile. “Get in there and clean up! Then, you must go and find food, before the toddlers start whining and crying. I can take the girly whining, but the rolling tears make me so sad and lonely and depressed,” she laughs. “Not! You will lose. I will win. The other bored and annoyed and miffed out LA native teens here are counting on you getting tired and sleepy, after your required hologram duties. Then, this silly hologram game will end for all of us, finally.” Caim nods with a smile to Decktow and then spins around with a laugh, grabbing onto the tiny hand of toddler Blackjack, waving with the other free hand. “Everyone, move ahead and get outta of the way. Decktow needs lots of breathing room to finish cleaning up this ugly mess right now. I wanna construct a play pen for the young children, this afternoon, before the supper time meal as we might be staying here and spending the night, foreverly,” she moves ahead with an evil laugh.
The rest of the LA Valley males and females groan in unison with the bad news and then spin around, slowly strolling ahead with their individual evil laugh also, moving away from the two burnt structures.
On top of the burnt wooden platform, Decktow continues to snort, sneer, and then growls at the back spine on Caim and the rest of the ungrateful, selfish teens. He slowly back steps from the gang of teens and then slowly spins around, leaning down, grabbing a piece of burnt metal. He jerks it from the burnt floor base and uses his teenly muscles, tossing the burnt item over the edge on the wooden platform with a set of heavy grunts, sweating in the bright sunlight. He spins around with a sneer, moves ahead, and then stops, reaching up, ripping down one of the damaged, burnt, steel-coated plates. He back steps and then moves ahead, stopping at the edge on the platform, lifting the piece, tossing it as far as his manly strength allowed with a heavy grunt. He is angry, mad, disappointment, irate, and unhappy. He has dreamed of reaching the summit of gold for numerous years. Now, the blasted opportunity is gone again from another man-made obstacle.
One of the teens had started the fire which burned the row of warehouse structures.
Now, he cannot continue his personal and private eyeball and hand inspection search inside each damaged mud house, but stays here to shove each burnt piece of metal down over the edge of the wooden platform and down into the trash pile. Decktow quietly works on the two damaged structures but sizzles inside his active mind while softly cursing at his new enemy Caim for his lost opportunity of the gold today.


Hot temperatures with bright sunlight
02:45 pm


With the helpful aid from some of the other stronger male teens, the messy work has been completed on top of the warehouse platform. The two burnt warehouse structures have been removed and tossed down into the growing trash pile underneath the platform. Only the black tinted heavy metal cooking vat remains which is thankfully too heavy to move and is needed to continue the survival of the hologram game.
The burnt wooden platform has been scraped and then rough but with any of the black colored ashes.
Decktow is tired and sweaty, sitting on the edge of the wooden platform alone with his angry mental thoughts. He feels like jumping of the high platform and ending his hologram life right now. The long fall will break his arm, his leg, and his neck, if he does not prepare for a hard impact into one of the steel beams. The long fall will be fun. The sharp pain on his body into the steel beam would last for a couple of seconds. Then his dead hologram soul would end but not forever, “Yeah!” He laughs and continues to sit on the edge of the platform while pondering his life, playing with his naked hands.
One of the teen females appears and sits down beside Decktow, sharing a handful of fruit with a smile. “You need to eat. You feed the sorry weaker teens here. I find every teen useless here. But no one possesses a black heart to make them leave from here.”
He reaches over and picks some of the fruit from her hand, wearing a frown. “Why would each teen do that?” He eats the food and chews.
She smiles. “There’s talk.”
He exhales. “What talk?”
She looks up and points to the mountain summit. “There’s talk of the golden summit.”
He looks up with a stern face to see the summit. “It’s only a summit.”
“The summit is made of gold. Every teen knows that. Some of the teens fear the summit. Some of the teens are intrigued. Some of the teens wanna go there.”
Decktow laughs, “O really! That would be great fun! Maybe, we could all go there and check it out.”
She turns and gasps at the nose profile on Decktow. “How…how can we all go there?”
He laughs with his hidden secret. “I don’t really know.”
She turns and smiles at the summit. “I do know. Each teen will up rise and form into a rebellion here within the LA Valley. Then one teen will lead them toward the gold on top of the summit. And then everyone will be happy.”
He laughs with amusement. “Wow! That’s great science fiction tale. But do you believe the slick gossip?”
She nods. “I do. The behavior of a teen is puzzling. One day, a teen wants to play and have fun. Another day, a teen wants to sleep away the time. Then, on a different day, a teen has to study to become an adult. Each teen is smart about technology, but scared to live like a human.”
“I guess.”
She tosses her dirty plate into the air. The dirty plate lands down on top of the trash pile on the ground. She stands upright from the edge of the platform, without Decktow, and with a smile, spinning around and leaves the wooden platform in silence.
Decktow continues to sit on the edge of the platform, dangling his legs over the edge. His eardrums hear each grunt from a tire and sweaty teen and as his eyeballs see each teen leave the burnt wooden platform. Decktow slowly stands upright from the wooden platform and stares down into the deep valley. Without one of the ancient sports equipment gear, he will experience a hologram death on the bottom of the valley which will end the Teenly Wasteland hologram gram.
Some of teens would like that. Then a set of aggressive teens could fight over control of the red metal chair as the teen gamers.
The other teens don’t real care. This hologram game keeps the bored teen from spending time their annoying set of parents on the vacation trip.
A handful of deceptive teens wanna hunt down the grand prize like Sweetbriar and Caim.
Right now, each teen is scowling the trash pile for parts and pieces of good metal to place inside the basket from the flying rows of drones, which is part of their hologram role requirement. However, none of LA Valley teens has a food meal for the evening hour. So, Decktow must cook and complete the meal requirement, before he can fly back over to UA Plateau, searching for the entrance into the secret hidden cavern passageway. He doesn’t have time to reconstruct the cooking shed using both of his strong muscles and his smart brains. And he still needs teenly assistance with the inspection of the remaining thirty-nine other damaged mud houses. He has learned that some of the bored LA Valley teens have figured out the purpose of the Teenly Wasteland hologram game.
So, he quickly spins around and moves ahead toward the single vat. He squats down and reaches out, touching the flint stones beside the vat, rubbing them together. A tiny spark ignites and then forms into a fireball of fury, creating a fire underneath the bottom on the vat.
He quickly scoots backward with a gasp of worry, without getting a burnt hand. He has performed this procedure, since a young and mature fourteen years old. He slowly stands upright from the burnt floor and exhales with annoyance of the gameplay moment.
The fire underneath the cooking black tinted vat glows in beauty, flaming in an array of blues, reds, yellows, greens, and pinks. The fire slowly heats the cold pot of metal, before any fresh meat can cook to perfection. Any hologram game meal is always cooked for any hologram character.
Decktow scoots backward with a soft growl of frustration and spins around, moving ahead, leaned down over the edge of the platform. He stares down at the large trash pile with a sigh of annoyance. He spins around and slowly climbs down a single ladder of short wooden planks that led down into the valley and on top of the trash pile, reaching a semi-flat surface, wobbling side to side. He slowly veers off the trash pile and moves ahead across the rough terrain toward the thicket of green woodlands for fresh food.
A few feet and several minutes later, Decktow slowly hikes the lower valley grounds and scans the rough red tinted dirt terrain, wearing a sour frown, stopping at each row of bushes. He squats down and looks for a quick movement from a scared animal, standing upright with a sour frown, strolling to the next plot of bushes. He whispers for his eardrum only. “I can’t believe any or all of this. This morning, my life was great. This afternoon, my life sucks. How can your life change so quickly within hours? I don’t know. How did the fire consume a warehouse of steel plates? I don’t know either. What a mess? Now, I must rebuild the cooking shed. That project took my months, when I was fourteen years old and started hunting for fresh food. I tried to place a set of ancient robot parts inside one of the drone baskets in exchange for food, but the drone went back to the mountain peak and did not return with food.” He continues to scoot across the dry dirt. “I have lost everything. I am back at the beginning. If I cannot find fresh prey and then cook up a meal, each hologram character will die of starvation. Then the Teenly Wasteland will terminate foreverly. That is the rule inside the Hologram Master.”
Within the earlier Teenly Wasteland hologram game, the lush woodlands had thrived with game and birds and deer herds. During each hologram game, the herds of deer had fled. The flock of birds flew away. The rest of the same game of rabbits all had been eaten to death by the gamers.
He halts with a gasp. “I should go and check one of the sinkhole pits. Yeah, it’s been a few days, since I’ve visited one of the sinkhole pits. There might be some fresh food in there.”
Fifteen minutes later, Decktow returns back to the empty but polished mismatched wooden platform, staring at the single vat. The two burnt warehouse buildings are gone. He wears a bloody back spine of dead animals, climbing back up with extra energy from the fresh fruit the wooden ladder towards the stationary platform. He does not hunt during the nighttime. The more dangerous mammals, a pack of wolves and slithering snakes, come out at night to find fresh meat also. He does not possess a hologram weapon to defend his delicate body against a pack of hungry wolves while Decktow looks tall, meaty, and healthy.
He reaches the tall platform of wooden planks and slowly shuffles onto his stomach, crawling away from the opening, stopping with heavy grunts from his slow trek through the woodlands.
But he is still feels hunger and tired from the long day’s excursion.
On top of the wooden platform, he slowly stands upright from the planks and carefully moves ahead toward the cooking pot of boiling water and hot grease, halting in front of the cooking pot. He leans over and examines the vat of solid black metal without seeing any visual damage without shock. The heavy metal vat is designed to heat and burn with fire. The interior iron pot holds animal fat that is used continuously to cook any fresh meat for eating.
Decktow stands in place and scans the interior of the burnt building. The set of wooden counters are gone. The set of homemade cooking utensils are gone. The interior steel walls are gone.
The daylight hour sizzles hot creating an array of pink, orange, green and blue heat waves in front of his tired eyeballs and his sweaty body. He usually enjoys feeling the cooler air at dusk, seeing the horizon sunset inside the active hologram game as he is cooking inside the shed, before leaving the active Teenly Wasteland hologram game, but not tonight.
He must stay and perform the same walking hunt tonight. This place is too high, too dangerous, and too dark for him to be moving around within the moonlight rays. He needs to finish his task quickly. His family members and family friends are hunger for fresh food. The set of dried and prepared food packs would last for three short heated days and hot nights.
He exhales with frustration and exhaustion.
Decktow ponders leaving the hologram game, before the midnight deadline here on the island resort. The rest of the active hologram games do not possess a deadline time period. He will challenge the Hologram Master and might win his argument, staying through the night, searching alone through the rest of the damaged mud houses until he finds the correct damaged Dark Room.
Right now, Decktow is very close to finding the hidden passage way toward the golden summit. Once he finds the gold, Decktow will never have to test and work a good paying job that can provide a real mud house like one of damaged houses within UA Plateau.
On top of burnt platform, in front of the cooking vat, Decktow slips off the dirty backpack that has absorbed with the opossum wet sticky blood which leaks down over his back spine while kneecapping down onto the burnt planks, carefully opening the bag and views each ugly, dead opossum with a deep sigh. “No one likes to eat roasted opossum guts. I personally hate the smell and the taste of opossum too. I only found a tree branch with a family of sleeping opossums. I feel bad for robbing the baby possum kids of their childhood. But when you’re hunger, then you’ll eat anything.” He removes each dead opossum one at a time and tosses the entire bloody animal with the spiked skin down into the large mouth on the cooking vat. The vat is boiling in hot animal grease cooking the fresh meat into perfection.
Decktow does not feel like removing the outer skin of sharp spikes on each dead animal and does not possess a set of cooking tools either. The outer skin will melt off and burn down into the hot grease while the nasty tasting fresh meat will cook to perfection.
He reaches down and grabs the bloody backpack, flinging to the side off the wooden platform. The backpack slowly descends down and lands on top of the large smelly trash pile that has formed underneath and around the tall slit house with the flat wooden platform for the wild animals to collect and then eat.
He slowly stands upright from the burnt floor with a deep sigh and studies the large metal vat. He is certain that another new fire blaze will not inflame the cooking structure again.
The sun stands at two o’clock afternoon in a blazing heat trail of blinding light and hot temperatures. Decktow spins around with a sour frown, slowly moves ahead, and stops without a shirt on top of the ugly piece of mismatched wooden platform with a sour frown, snapping his fingers.
A new musical song entitled Bringing on the Heartache starts to sing out loud: Gypsy, sitting looking pretty/ The broken rose with laughing eyes/ You’re a mystery, always running wild/ Like a child without a home/ You’re always searching, searching for a feeling/ That it’s easy come and easy go/ Oh, I’m sorry, but it’s true/ You’re bringing on the heartbreak/ Taking all the best of me/ Oh, can’t you see/ You got the best of me/ Whoa, can’t you see/ You’re bringing on the heartbreak/ Bringing on the heartache/ You’re bringing on the heartbreak/ Bringing on the heartache/ Can’t you see…
Note: The true musical song entitled Bringing on the Heartache had been performed by the American rock band Def Leppard in the year 1981.
Decktow continues to stand upright on top of the mismatched wooden platform below the clouds and above the deep valley of green colored trees and red tinted dirt, stretching out each limb from his active morning while yawning at the bright, blistering sunlight. The current air temperature displays at 103 degrees Fahrenheit. He faces the eastern direction, staring at a golden tinted mountain summit with worry and frustration.
The current ground landscape contains a scattered series of deep sink holes, where a nest of poisonous, angry snakes and silky webs of venomous dirt spiders live and dwell capturing and then eating any hungry animal that stupidly tumbles down into the natural dirt pit.
In-between a sink hole, the land is cut with stationary ponds of poisons. A hungry mammal will stumble across the stationary green tinted pond of water, consume the deadly mixture of liquid, and then die on top of the gray tinted dirt, stinking up the air waves. However, the only thriving animal within this terrible world of suffering is the numerous flocks of gray and black colored, very large, very mean vultures that display a pair of broad wings and a long wing tail. A flock of vultures will circle above the dead or dying piece of animal or human diving down for a bite of blood and flesh, until the flesh and bone are both gone.
On top of the wooden platform, he narrows his acute eyeballs with a gasp. Usually, he sees a set of tiny moving figures on top of the flat golden tinted mountain summit.
He lives four miles away inside a terrible land region which was called LA Valley or Lower Alabama Valley, where land crates, sink holes, poisonous water streams, and the angry snake pits also reside.
His eyeballs drop down and survey the flat plot of land which stands three miles ahead from his stationary wooden platform, staring at a row of alterative stripped red or tan dried mud houses with a silver tinted metal tin rooftop. The plateau landscape is called Upper Alabama Plateau or UA Plateau, where a hidden walking passageway resides that leads up toward the summit of gold.
On top of his burnt wooden platform, Decktow possesses a tone of dark skin, a head of light brown hair that featured numerous blonde highlights from the bright sunlight, and a pair of aqua eyeballs, wearing a pair of loose pair of running shorts in dirty red colored hue, slipping a pair of black tinted gloves, wearing a pair of dirty gray tinted animal skin boots, scratching his naked stomach with a smile. He continues to hear the music inside the active hologram game.
A new musical song entitled Bringing on the Heartache continues to sing out loud: Gypsy, sitting looking pretty/ The broken rose with laughing eyes/ You’re a mystery, always running wild/ Like a child without a home/ You’re always searching, searching for a feeling/ That it’s easy come and easy go/ Oh, I’m sorry, but it’s true/ You’re bringing on the heartbreak/ Taking all the best of me/ Oh, can’t you see/ You got the best of me/ Whoa, can’t you see/ You’re bringing on the heartbreak/ Bringing on the heartache/ You’re bringing on the heartbreak/ Bringing on the heartache/ Can’t you see…
“Suppertime time!” He swiftly dashes ahead and then leaps off the burnt wooden platform, rotating both arms in the air, sailing over each deep and shallow crate which holds literally heaps of nasty trash piles underneath his wooden platform. The numerous piles of nasty trash, consisting of rusty metals, tree branch parts, human parts, and dirty clothes, provide a food source that feed the corrosive pond waters from eating away each bottom iron slit column.
Within the silent and invisible air waves, Decktow continues to fly his air-borne body further away from the burnt wooden platform, coming closer to the flat plot of land. He does not have his backpack of nifty junk yard items on his body. He continues to soar across the air waves and moves closer to the tall plot of dirt on top of the hillside, reaching out for the smooth dirt and hits the edge on the tall hillside.
“No!” He swiftly falls downward and lands with a heavy thump, sounding with a loud grunt on top of the valley floor without movement. He exhales a deep breath of annoyance plus frustration, slowly standing upright from the dirt and then narrows his two eyelids from the bright sun. He looks up with a deep sigh and stretches out, grabbing each exposed tree root, slowing climbing upward over the packed hilly dirt with a set of heavy grunts.
He finally reaches the flat plot of dirt and scoots ahead, sitting down on top of the dirt, exhaling with frustration and calms his fury.
He slowly stands upright from the dirt and dashes ahead, pumping his heart and both swinging arms with a set of heavy snorts. He reaches out and grabs at the single long bar of metal, missing the horizontal bar. His body lands hard on top of the solid dirt again and as he sounds with a heavy grunt, flipping over to view the blue skyline. “This is going very badly.”
Decktow exhales with more annoyance. “Keep going! Don’t quit! I wanna quit and retire for the evening. No! Get up!” He slowly stands upright from the dirt and exhales with more body pain and mental frustration, back stepping from the metal horizontal bar at the edge of the hillside. He races ahead and holds his breath, reaching out, grabbing the bar. He flips his body three spins in the air and over the metal bar like an old fashioned gymnastic. He releases the metal bar and soars through the air, waving his arms and legs in a spread-eagle pose and loses air speed. He safely sails over a river of poisonous water that looks truly neon green like mouth vomit with relief and outstretches both of his arms while flying through the air into a semi-crooked line.
He flies ahead toward an upright pole of metal on top of an abandoned building of four stories. His semi-naked chest, not his pair of gloved hands violently slams into the upright stationary metal pole and as his body swiftly falls downward on top of the hard concrete, screaming in body pain.
He sits on top of the concrete rooftop and wears a sour frown, softly cursing his bad luck today for a few minutes, looking up at the upright pole. He slowly stands upright from the hard rooftop base and back steps from the pole, standing on the edge of the rooftop building, exhaling with worry. He cannot miss the upright pole. Or he will experience a hologram death.
He cannot not try not to grab the pole or forfeit the evening hours from the passage way search. One of the smarter hologram teens is performing the same feat, crossing the empty air waves, moving ahead toward the summit of gold also. But first, Decktow must feed the teens before he can search the row of damaged houses.
He continues to stand and exhales with a set of heavy breaths of worry while sweating in the heated sun without moving. He stares at the upright poke and wears a worried brow. “See the pole. Be the pole. Grab the pole,” he races ahead and extends both gloved hands in the air, grabbing the upright pole, swinging sideways around one time, then another time, and then a third time. Each swing, his body slowly drops down the upright pole and slides downward away from the target spot. He releases both gloved hands and sails over the air waves, descending over a valley of deep and dark sink holes, staring at the hillside and the twenty-foot wall.
The twenty-foot high wall of wet flora and tree parts slowly tumbles down and maintains shape coming from the landscape on the Upper Alabama Plateau or UA Plateau, where each heated air waves continuous cut down each tree branch, tear up tree leaf, and destroy each nested fowl that has dared to roost within the trees.
From one the previous gameplays within the Teenly Wasteland hologram game, a silver tinted solar car had traveled back and forth dropping off numerous workers, boxes of food, new clothes, and other fun or necessary human and baby supplies here inside the UA Plateau until a series of continuous earthquakes killed the population and property.
Decktow views the usual flat and safe landing spot, shouting out loud with worry. “No. No. No. I need to land on the top of the hill, not on top of the valley floor. The drop is…” he stretches outward with both arms and lands on top of the dirt at the edge of tall grass and soft wildflowers, swiftly slipping downward with a grunt, tearing up the pod of wildflowers. He slides off the hillside and lands on top of an exposed tree root, halting in place, exhaling with annoyance.
He slowly climbs back the dirt wall through the rock and the tree roots, mouth spitting out each curled earthworm from his nose holes and his open lips, grunting up the slope, landing a gloved hand on top of the flat dirt, climbing over the tall weeds. He halts on top of the ground and exhales with more annoyance, breathing out loud in exhaustion.
On top of the flat plain of weeds and dirt, Decktow slowly stands upright from the weeds with a stern face, wiggling his body side to side without feeling a body injury. He is a healthy seventeen-year-old male. But his body cannot take any more body punches today.
He moves ahead with a sneer, stops, and stares down at the first sink hole, viewing solid red tinted dirt only. The nest of snakes and crowded silky webs of spiders are awake and crawl around the dirt, looking for the supper meal also. He slowly scoots sideways through more weeds and dirt toward the next sink hole with a stern face, seeing more snakes and spiders.
Down inside the last sinkhole dirt pit, of course, a dead cow rests on the top of the red dirt. The dead cow is covered in snakes and spiders, of course.
Decktow needs the fresh meat for the last five teens that need to be fed and hopefully influenced to aid Decktow for the final job of finding the hidden passageway tonight, right now, before the midnight deadline.
On top of the weeds and dirt plain in front of the sink hole, Decktow exhales with annoyance. He does not have to kill the innocent mammal. He reaches down on his fitted waistline and retrieves his metal club with a rubber tail. The tail is made of elastic piece of rubber bound by fabric and is tied around his fit waistline.
He twirls the head device around, displays the sharp knife, and aims the weapon at the belly of the cow that is covered in snakes and spiders that enjoy their nightly meal. He pitches the knife through the air and hits the legs on the dead cow, pulling back the cut limb with a few hissing snakes that continue to crawl over the raw meal, flipping the cow leg over his collar bone.
He tosses the bloody knife again and hits the rib cage on the cow and as the knife rebounds back from the deep dirt pit and then lands back into his open palm. The force on the metal club has experienced gravity which pulls an object down and then lands on top of the target, the dead cow. At the contact point with the rib cage on the cow, the spring force on the rubber tail has pulled back up the knife club which has exceeded the force of gravity pulling it down. Thus, the knife lands back into the open palm on Decktow.
The cow’s rib cage splits in half and exposes more the fresh meat for the nest of dining snakes and spiders, landing the other half of the rib cage on the feet on Decktow. He reaches out and kicks each hissing snake and crawling spider back down into the sinkhole pit, squatting down, quickly slicing up the rib cage cow meat into individual steaks over the ground while slamming each snake and knocking each spider away from the bloody bones. He places the cut meat parts on his chest and wraps the tail of the weapon device around his body, holding the individual sliced meat parts in place. The cold wet cow’s blood feels cool over his naked chest and drains downward over his lower body parts. He twists the knife back into a metal club, storing back into the pouch with annoyance. “Yeah, no outer space boots for the ride back home. I guess I’ll walk.”
He slowly stands upright from the dirt and scoots around the last sinkhole pit toward the edge of the hilltop, climbing down dirt wall with annoyance, landing on top of the valley floor. He slowly moves ahead and reaches out, grabbing handful of fresh fruit berries, eating his fill, creating body and mind energy for the next task, feeding the whining LA Valley teens.
Slowly stomping through the tall weeds and groves of trees, he continues forward and eats the food, stopping in front of a baby fawn. He stares with a smile and reaches out with an open palm toward the wildlife babe.
The other thriving mammal on the planet is the numerous herds of healthy deer does, male bucks, and baby fawns that nibble on the healthy grass blades and low-lying tree nuts, making a delicious meal for a hungry teenager.
The fawn continues to stand and looks down at the open palm on Decktow and then up to see the face on the teenager, looking back down, padding closer. The baby fawn of light tan with white spots nibbles on the food. Decktow smiles in silence, without scaring the baby animal into running away.
The buck and the doe, the parents of the baby fawn slowly emerge out from the lush green tinted forestland and silently stares at Decktow while watching the teen.
When the baby fawn is finished with the snack, the baby spins around and dashes back to its mother. The buck slowly moves ahead, stops, and stands, offering his back spine for a transport ride back to the wooden platform. Each hologram character is a human. But each hologram wildlife character acts like a natural animal inside the Teenly Wasteland hologram gram.
Decktow nods with a smile in silence and moves ahead, struggling to slip onto the back spine, setting in place. He reaches down and gently taps the forehead on the buck deer.
The buck deer swiftly races ahead through the forestland. Decktow leans down placing both arms around its wide neckline, screaming out loud with fun.
The deer family gallops and leaps over each fallen tree, soaring through the air, heading toward the wooden platform, where Decktow always stands and works. Finally, the deer family arrives and stops, standing away from the trash pile.
Decktow slips off and moves ahead, waving goodbye to his new deer friends.


LA Valley location
Burnt wooden platform setting
03:03 pm


Back at the naked wooden platform, Decktow climbs the ladder with a smile, without waving goodbye to his new family of deer friends again, landing on top of the platform with a huge huff of exhaustion, flinging away the tons of black flies from the fresh meat. He un-wraps the wire and allows the cow meat to fall down onto the wood. He moves ahead and quickly removes the cooked opossum meat, ripping away the tender but awful smelly meat with a pair of thick tree limbs without eating any of the gross meal. He places the rib cage parts on the dead cow down into the cooking vat, waiting for it to cook to perfection while packing numerous containers of tree leaves plus some tiny fruit berries with the disgusting nightly food meal, laughing out loud with his brilliant idea.
Most likely, some of the miffed out hologram teens will sneer at the disgusting supper meal and exit the hologram game for the rest of the day. The other smarter teens will go and pick out some fruit berries for a snack, waiting until Decktow dies from starvation or falls asleep from exhaustion. Then, the silly Teenly Wasteland hologram game will finally end, before the midnight hour.
In front of the cooking vat, the individual pieces of dead cow meat parts continue to cook into perfection. Decktow has finished the first task and pack the shredded pieces of stinky opossum meat, tiny fruit berries inside each one of his individual pouches, gagging with disguise also.
With a dirty, sweaty, smelly, and bloody teen body, Decktow spins around with a smile and dashes over the smooth flat platform, leaping into the air, grabbing one of the dangling green tinted plant vines without the pretty row of colored flowers with a gloved hand. He flies through the air and then deliveries a small pile of opossum cooked food plus a few fruit berries to each hungry teen at each warehouse building.
The hologram teen can choose to eat or die a hologram death. Part of the role requirement is eating the food plate for personal energy, fun, and amusement.
His personal welcome greeting is not joyful inside each warehouse home, but his purpose is obvious. He must continue the hologram game. Or he will forfeit the gamer leadership role today and then maybe for weeks or months or years, if he does not continue to command the game.
“That is not going to happen to me!” He storms into the next warehouse shed with a fake smile and presents a vine leaf that holds a pile of smelly, stinky, and nasty-tasting possum meat.
From the previous deliveries, each teen does not reach for the vine leaf of food but wrinkles a set of nose holes at the terrible smell.
Decktow laughs in each teenly distorted face and places the vine leaf on top of the steel counter inside each teenly residential warehouse structure, “Your evening meal, gamer! Don’t enjoy it!” He spins around with a laugh and exits the shed for the next warehouse home with a different teen.
The time period is meal time and every teen is located inside their assigned warehouse house for such a treat or a trick coming from a deceptive Decktow.
When the leader gamer loses the hologram game without mentally disconnecting from the game for a night of sleep or a potty break of piss or a plate of real human food, the leader gamer loses his prime position toward the game prize. The Teenly Wasteland hologram game is not set by a number of mathematical points, only completing your prime role play with the swiftest degree possible. Then, each gamer is free to explore the rest of the landscape, fight off his enemies, and finally find the golden square first.
Decktow completes his first task and prepares the cooked cow meat, finding six metal containers on the ground which services his current needs. He dashes ahead and uses the vine transportation system again with an evil laugh of victory.


Living room setting
Hot temperatures with bright sunlight
04:04 pm


Decktow swings on the next dangling green tinted plant vine and then jumps down, landing on top of the last steel bridge with a sneer. He had trusted Caim but not anymore. She has deceived him and almost cost him the gamer leadership role today.
He slowly moves ahead and wears a ratty backpack, feeling the individual metal containers inside the fabric. And he has not bothered to shower off the animal blood that has dried onto his semi-naked body either.
He appears and stands inside the open archway with a fake smile at the circle of teens. The untrusting gang is here, consisting of Sweetbriar, Caim, and the three toddlers. They sit around the floor and watch over the three tiny teens that have morphed back into a set of three-year-old children from the first round of hologram gaming. Decktow tosses both arms and shouts out loud with a smile. “Hey! Hey! Hey! I’m back here with each one of your evening meals.” He slowly moves ahead and stops, standing a few feet beside Caim.
“What!” Caim continues to sit on top of the dirty floor and looks up with a gasp at Decktow.
Sweetbriar continues to sit on top of the dirty floor and smirks at Decktow, “How intriguing!”
“I’m hunger.” Blackjack continues to sit with a smile and play with her two soft dolls.
Googol continues to sit with a giggle and play with the soft toy airplane. “I’m not hunger.”
“I like my trains,” Nitrix continues to sit and smash each soft toy train together with a giggle, “Bang! Boom! Bad!”
“Why do you wear red blood over your semi-naked body? Are you a native of some local tribe here within the Teenly Wasteland game?” Sweetbriar frowns.
“Decktow only wants to impress your emotions, Sweetbriar.” Blackjack continues to sit with a smile and plays with her two dolls.
Decktow kneels down and whips off the backpack, serving an individual tiny metal container to each teen, sliding down and eats from his own metal container. He enjoys the cooked food of cow steak, not the crooked company.
Inside the huddle, Sweetbriar reaches out and lifts up the metal container, without seeing the contents. “I see that you have met your requirement for the lead gamer, this afternoon, Decktow. Every teen has to eat or else,” laughing. O! By the way, how do you feel? Tired! Sad! Disappointed! Depressed! The hour is late at four in the afternoon which is closer to midnight than eight in the morning. What do you think, Decktow?”
On top of the cold steel plated floor, a loose huddle of friends enjoys a plate of cooked cow.
Caim opens the container and chews, swallowing the cooked steak with a smile. “Thanks for the cooked meat, Decktow! It tastes fantastic. What is this meal called?”
Decktow swallows the food with a smile. “This is called real cow meat.
Sweetbriar eats and swallows the food with a smile. “Where did you find this food?”
Decktow swallows the food and smiles. “Well, you can’t hunt around here during the nighttime. The more dangerous mammals like a pack of wolves and a nest of slithering snakes come out at night to find fresh meat also. I have a homemade weapon which isn’t very good to defend my body against a pack of hungry wolves while looking tall, meaty, and healthy,” he laughs with the others.
Googol laughs with a smile. “Decktow is both witty and wonderful. Do you have a girlfriend, Decky, darling?”
Decktow eats and chews the food. “On each platform, there is a ladder that leads down into the trash heap and then out into the woodlands. I hunt for deer, rabbit, and cow meat during a slow trek through the woodlands. Once found, I place inside a cooking vat that simmers for hours until the meat is cooked and perfect for eating like now.”
“A cooking vat of boiling grease that created a spark which ignited and then formed into a fireball of fury, creating a fire bomb underneath the bottom on the vat,” Sweetbriar laughs and then eats the food.
Caim eats and then swallows the food. “You’re a really good cook. How did you learn to cook food, Decktow?”
Decktow swallows the food with a smile. “This is hologram food. The large vat of boiling grease and water slowly simmer the raw meat in food perfection. All hologram food tastes good inside the mouth of a hologram character,” he eats the food.
Googol floats the plane in the air and buzzes her lips with a giggle. “Well, I like this food, too. Maybe, I’ll become a hologram character for the rest of my life,” laughing.
“Not me!” Sweetbriar sits on the floor with a plate of cooked food, chewing and tries to talk while mouth spitting his abused food particles over his plate, his metal hand, and the floor. “So, Decktow, you have been wandering around the Teenly Wasteland for years and years without finding the prize. Do you feel unlucky now?” He lowers the plate of food and ignites the metal hand that shoots out a tiny flame in the air that contains an array of heated red and yellow sparks, turning to cook the pink tinted meat into well-done texture.
Caim turns and frowns down at the metal hand on Sweetbriar, “Stop showing off your fireball, Sweetbriar! Before I go and get a pitch of cold rainwater, then I’ll douse your flame,” laughing.
Decktow looks up and softly sneers at Sweetbriar. He has been pondering the fire and the cause. Maybe, now, he has found the singular answer for both unsolved questions.
Sweetbriar sucks back in the flame and picks up the plate of food with a smile. “Well, I will restate. You got the cooking vat working properly for our daily food, which I am grateful. Or I’ll starve to death and then my hologram body will leave this plane foreverly. So, do you feel luckier this round here at Island Resort, instead of your personal home? Are you more comfortable here and can think about the grand prize, instead of your folks annoying your butthole with homework assignments?”
“Yeah, I have been searching for years and years. Yeah, I am feeling really luck and luckier right now. Yeah, the prize is right here in front of my eyeballs,” Decktow laughs. “Yeah, the pot of gold glows both day and night right on top of the mountain summit. I see it, but I can’t touch it.”
Blackjack sits beside Sweetbriar and her plate of food, playing with the two dolls. “Yeah, I can see the mountain of gold and not touch it either. The mountain is way over yonder. I don’t understand. How can I jump through the sky and get over to the mountain? The house sits on top of a platform that almost touches the clouds. If I jump off, then I will die, when I hit the ground.”
Decktow laughs. “That’s right!”
Caim swallows the food with a puzzled brow, “Great point, Blackjack! My understanding, a hologram character cannot fly like a supernatural being or breathe underwater like a fish or…”
“...perform a great feat of magical or extraordinary power, that’s right to a certain extend which is dictated by the hologram game.” Decktow nods. “The active hologram game will purposefully limit or un-limit your supernatural pretend abilities for a reason. Here, inside the Teenly Wasteland, you cannot fly off the wooden platform and then magical cross the valley of poisonous ponds and snakes and then gently land on top of the golden summit, because you do not possess the magical ability to fly, like a bird as a human teenager. So, inside this hologram, you must figure out a human method to fly through the air over the deadly valley without getting killed the first time, which terminates your hologram body.”
Nitrix finishes some of the meal and ignores the rest of the food like a toddler, playing with the set of soft trains while smashing them together for fun. “So, how did you get across the deep valley without your hunky body getting splattered down on the ground?”
Sweetbriar chews and stares at hunky Decktow. “That’s his hologram body, dear.”
Decktow lifts up and flexes his taunt muscle in the air and as Caim smiles. He smiles, “No, bro! This is my real teen body. Some of your own human features come into the hologram game but you can stay morph the character into a little bigger body parts, if the program allows it.”
Sweetbriar frowns. “Okay. That’s your real teen body. How did you get off from the high warehouse platform into the air and across the valley toward the mountain of gold?”
Decktow smiles, “Well, I do actually fly off the platform using an ancient pair of sporting gear like a pair of skis or a throw-out parachute.”
Caim frowns. “Okay! That’s extremely dangerous for my body.”
Decktow smiles, “I have perfected the flying technique for years. And at home, I perform a work out with a set of hand weights to build up body muscle for the flight…”
“We don’t have time for a fitness workout here.” Sweetbriar waves the metal hand with a sour frown, “Gimme some more information about your ultimate dangerous and luscious plan!”
Caim swallows the food and smiles. “I saw you ride a drone this afternoon outside the window. Did you ride back from the mountain to here?”
Nitrix gasps in shock. “Is that scary, Decktow?”
“No. It’s fun.” Decktow nods. “Yeah, I always return back to the LA Valley inside the basket of on drone from the UA Plateau.”
Sweetbriar frowns. “Then, why on Planet Earth don’t you fly through the air in a basket on the drone?”
Decktow shakes his shoulder length hair. “Well, first, you have to jump into the air and grab the basket while it is flying in the air. Second, the return trip ventures over the open valley, not very close to the landscape. So, I would need to leap out the basket and fly over the air, rolling onto the ground. That’s a little bit harder.”
Blackjack dumps the two dolls and stands upright from the floor, spinning around, moving back to the toy chest for a new toy and stops. “Stop with the ten thousand questions, Sweetbriar! Decktow knows what to do and how to do and where to do. Tell us what to do, Decktow!” She reaches inside and puts out a set of soft toy horses with a smile, “Neigh. Neigh. Neigh,” she spins around and cuddles the horse, moving back, sitting down beside Sweetbriar and plays with the new toys.
Sweetbriar waves the metal hand in the air with a sour frown, “Fine! Fine! I’m a slow learner. That’s all here. So, you believe that the summit of gold is real. So, you believe that the summit of gold is found through some type of cavern passage. So, you believe that you have found the cavern passage. So, you need our help. Why do you need our help?”
Decktow nods. “Well, I believe there is a hidden secret cave passage down below the summit. The first hologram game produced a series of massive earthquakes which killed all the people and destroyed the property that lived below the mountain summit. That’s the storyline which formed the LA Valley. The teens only survived and then came here to live and thrive without their families. When I entered the hologram game, I enjoyed the roleplay and learned to hunt and prepare food. My roleplay is limited as a hunter, not a Scouter or a Spacer. But I found that I could leave my warehouse shed and go down into the valley while trying to avoid death which happened frequently. Then the second year of my gameplay, I figured out that I could uncover ancient stuff from yesterdays, such like a pair of snow skis for guiding over the soft landscape or an old umbrella as a weapon from the wild animals. Some of the old stuff came from the Trash Mountain. But I finally figured out how to use that ancient stuff and fly through the air and landed on the other side on UA Plateau. On the edge of the mountain, there is street of damaged mud houses that had been built and then crashed down into the rock. I believe there is a cave entrance hidden inside one of the crashed houses. I need help with the search for the cave passage way.”
Googol smiles and continues to play with the train set. “That makes sense to me!”
Sweetbriar exhales, “All right! That’s logical. Where do we fit into your treasure hunting plan?”
Decktow smiles, “I need each one of you to come with me and quickly finish searching the rest of the damaged mud houses. I’ve been slowly searching each house, since I was fourteen years…”
“What!” Sweetbriar exhales. “You’ve been playing this silly hologram game for…for four, five years and still have not found the golden goose egg coming from old Mother Whatever. I don’t know if we wanna invest in your plan, Decktow. I mean I live one more vacation day here on the Island Resort. I don’t have five years to devote to this silly golden egg plot.”
“It is a flat golden egg, not a round golden egg, Sweetbriar,” Googol plays with the trains and smashes each soft toy together, saying with a loud noise.” Boom! Bang! Bad!” She giggles.
Decktow tosses both dirty hands near his face. “Look! I did all the hard work here. I found the row of damaged mud houses here. I’m almost finished here, but I could use some more teen help also. In the past five years, I have tried to recruit a set of old hologram school friends and a set of new unnamed gamers. But each one will quit or gets bored or gets scared…”
“Why should I be scared?” Googol looks up with a worried brow to see Decktow.
“It’s too obvious. The flight over a valley of poisonous ponds and sinkhole pits of snakes. Who wants to die and then come back and then die again?” Sweetbriar laughs with Decktow.
Googol frowns. “That’s not funny.”
Decktow laughs. “Actually, it’s true and funny. So, here I am with ya’ll pleading my hologram case again.”
Caim smiles with a nod. “Look! We accept your plead and your case. What do we need to do to get that summit of gold? Then we all can share the gold. I would like to live in luxury, instead of working until death as a medical technician, who deals with death. Do you get it? I deal with death until I am death,” laughing.
“No, I don’t get it.” Nitrix continues to sit on the floor beside a plate of food and plays with the plane, buzzing her lips, flinging the soft toy in the air with a smile.
Decktow smiles with a nod. “Well, I need to get each one of you over to the UA Plateau this afternoon, before the sun sets. We can search the rest of the mud house during the daylight hours which is much better rather than at night.”
Caim nods with a grin. “That makes sense!”
Sweetbriar slowly stands upright from the floor and spins around, moving to the open window and stops, staring through the open window. He examines the golden peak on top of the mountain summit. “How high is that mountain peak which clearly gleams through the cloud cover?”
Decktow nods. “I would guess over one thousand feet from the flat plateau.”
“Geez!” Caim continues to sit and frowns with worry, finishing her plate of food with a smile.
In front of the open window, Sweetbriar nods at the golden summit. “Yeah, I agree, too. We can’t fly over it, without dying. Yeah, I agree, also. There must be some type of underground walkway that leads straight up through the solid rock. I like our idea, Decktow. Now, how do we get over the valley without getting killed and then eliminated from the hologram game? I will not be able to return until tomorrow morning back into the Teenly Wasteland. I admit the hologram programmer named this suck right,” he laughs and then frowns. “And if I am not present here within the hologram, when you find the gold, then I don’t get a piece of the golden egg. That’s flat, not round.”
Caim sits the plate down and spins around to see the backs pine on Sweetbriar and Decktow. What did you just say out loud? That my eardrum and my neurons have picked up.”
Decktow stands and jogs toward the open window, standing and points at the back spine on Sweetbriar. “He’s right. You must be present and actually touch the grand prize, before you can get a piece of the gold.”
Sweetbriar studies the mountain with a deep sigh. “Well, kid! My neurons are thinking in overtime about the great distance between here and that mountain. So, you fly through the air using a set of ancient sporting equipment. Can you share your sporting toys?”
Blackjack gallops the two soft toy horses over the steel floor with a laugh. “Give it up, man! You are too soft and too round and too scared to fly through the air like a superman, Sweetbriar.”
Decktow nods. “Well, I can easily carry each toddler across my back spine inside a backpack for safety and then fly through the air waves, landing on top of the UA Plateau safely. That’s easy.”
“That sounds like fun to me,” Nitrix continues to play with the airplane with a smile.
“That sounds like death to me.” Blackjack frowns and continues to gallop the two soft toy horses over the floor. “I’m not doing that.”
“I would fly with Decktow anywhere he wants to go,” Googol continues to smash the trains with a giggle.
“What about a bigger Caim and a biggest me?” Sweetbriar laughs.
Decktow rubs his neck with a sour frown. “Well, both of you are too big for me to carry across my back spine while flying through the air waves.”
Sweetbriar returns back and nods at the landscape. “Well, that means, Caim and I start walking…”
“What!” Caim gasps. “Walking to where? What do you mean?”
He points down at the landscape. “The landscape can be walked which would take a couple of days.”
“Days!” Caim gasps. “I’m not located here at the Island Resort for days. I leave from here tomorrow morning and go back home. We need to do what we need to do right now. Can that be done right now?”
Decktow nods with a smile. “Yes, we can go right now and explore the UA Plateau, right now. So, I can start toting or flying one toddler at a time from here and over the valley, landing on top of the UA Plateau. Which toddler wants to go first?” He squats down with a smile and claps his hands.
Each toddler continues to play with the set of soft toys and ignore the tall teenager with a sound of giggles and grins.
Sweetbriar spins around with a sour frown and moves back into the huddle. “I can start walking right now,” he pats down on his stomach with a nod. “My tummy is full. My hand is ready. My neurons are ready too.”
Caim leans back with a smile. Her hunger is satisfied also. “What are we looking for? I don’t understand. Describe the UA Plateau! What is it?”
Decktow stands and moves ahead, sitting down on top of the steel floor with a nod. “The UA Plateau is the only flat piece of land that protrudes from the mountainside which faces us. I can’t tell if the landscape goes all around the mountain side as I have not had time to explore it. The only object on the exposed side of the mountain is a row of damaged mud houses. The first hologram game produced a series of earthquakes. I should know. I shuffled side to side falling into the wall coming from the earthquake and saw the destruction on the other side of the valley. I didn’t really understand until I started playing the game. Then it dawned on me that the grand prize was over on the opposite side until I saw the glittering object of gold. I worked for years to figure out how to cross the deep valleys without dying,” he laughs.
Caim frowns. “Well, how did you do it? We didn’t have all day.”
Decktow nods. “Well, I found some ancient sporting equipment on the bottom dead grass on the dead valley floor in front of the Trash Mountain. I didn’t even know how it worked. Slowly, I figured out that I could leap from the platform with a pair of skis and then land on top of the opposite side, sliding over the smooth dirt. That was only the half-way point from here at the LA Valley. Then I found this flexible tall stick at the half-way point that could bends sorta sideways, I placed the pointy end into the ground and jumped over the rest of the valley, landing on the next section of soft dirt…”
“Okay. All right!” Caim waves both hands and shakes her curls. “I am not jumping or leaping or landing into the air to come back down onto the ground. I get it. You found some terrific equipment that propels your fit body through the air and down onto the ground. I can’t do that. I’m an athletic girl. So, what is the backward step here?”
“You and I walk through Death Valley.” Sweetbriar laughs.
“I guess that is my only choice.” Caim frowns, “All right! I can start marching right now. And I somehow make it alive to the other side. What am I looking for? Describe your next step there at the UA Plateau!”
Decktow nods with a smile. “Two years ago, I made it over the UA Plateau and found a row of mud houses that were sorta squashed into the mountain rock. I entered the first damaged mud house and found the living room and kitchen setting. The walls and the ceiling had collapsed down on top of the people…”
“Am I going to find a dead body?” Caim frowns.
He laughs, “Maybe, so, ho, ho, ho! I did find a few dead bodies when I first entered the next set of damaged mud houses. Right now, all the dead bodies have been deeply decomposed. But sometimes, the internal house air does smell of death.”
“Joy!” Caim frowns.
“Goody!” Sweetbriar grins.
Decktow laughs. “Next, I find a way into the damaged mud house usually through a small crawl space or a broken window on the side of the house. Back home, each one of my houses inside the neighbor is made of dried soil mud too. And each mud house possesses only a side wall of windows. So, I break out the window and climb inside. I find the living room is collapsed and sometime the staircase has collapsed down on the first floor level also.”
Caim frowns. “Ugh! I gotta climb up to the second or third floor also.”
He nods, “Yeah! You do.”
Caim tosses up her hands and shakes her curls. “I can’t I cannot do this. I cannot travel miles and miles through numerous snake pits and many ponds of poison and then arrive at the flat plateau…”
“You must climb up from the ground soil, over the dirt hill, and then finally reach the flat plateau first, Caim.” Blackjack continues to sit with a giggle and listen while playing with the two soft toy horses.
Decktow smiles with a nod. “So far, I have only found that each damaged mud house contains only a ground floor level and a second floor level.”
“Well, that’s way better, Caim. You only need to climb up one level, instead of two levels. My house back home has three floor levels.” Googol continues to sit with a smile and play with the soft toy airplane, buzzing her lips, floating the soft toy through the air with a giggle.
Sweetbriar frowns. “That’s weird! Each mud house contains three separate floor levels to accommodate an active and mischievous teen,” laughing.
Decktow nods. “This particular floor plan is hologram drawn and controlled and it only possesses two levels for an inactive teen that can’t climb,” laughing.
He frowns. “How do you know that information is true for each damaged mud house?”
Well, each damaged mud house that I have entered only has two floor levels.”
Caim tosses both hands near a sour frown, slapping them down into the lap with a sigh. “Okay. Each damaged mud house has two floor levels. Stop wasting my time and my daylight hours! What else do we need to know, Decktow? When we enter into the house, what then happens next to me?”
Decktow nods. “I have found that each first floor level is damaged. So I ascend up to the second floor level. There, I find the Dark Room. The Dark Room is intact.”
Sweetbriar nods. “Is there an intact bedroom or a lavatory space?”
Decktow nods. “Yeah, the rooms are blocked by rocks and are impassible.”
Caim nods. “Then the block bedroom could have the secret passage in there. How do we get passed rock?”
Sweetbriar frowns. “No, I do not believe so. We are only a hologram character. This particular hologram game does not allow for superhuman strength like a goddess or a superhero. So, the blocked bedroom is really blocked like a roadblock over a passing roadway, which pulls each gamer into a different direction for the grand prize.”
Decktow claps with a smile. “That’s very good, Sweetbriar. That dead conclusion took me about four months to figure out. I tried and tried again to smash through the solid rock and it was very difficult and the rock still didn’t move.”
He slaps his chest with a smile. “Because I’ve been a gamer since I was nine years old. I’m an expert at hologram games.
“I’m not,” Caim frowns. “What else do I need to do inside the damaged house?”
“Well, I methodically search each square inch inside the Dark Room.
Blackjack continues to sit and play with the two softy toy horses with a grin. Why do you search the Dark Room?”
Decktow nods. “The Dark Room is a not damaged, so it the only room that is accessible which contains something inside the damaged house. Each wall is made of solid rock or standing rock. The floor is broken tiles or pits of dirt. The ceiling sags and displays lumber of wood. The Dark Room is the only room inside the mud house. So, I search each wall and the ceiling and the floor with my hands.”
Sweetbriar frowns. “Is the Dark Room active?”
“No. The Dark Room is intact, since the rest of the house is broken. So the Dark Room is hiding a secret, but I haven’t found it yet. But with your help, we can do it,” Decktow laughs.
Caim frowns. “So far, I enter inside a damaged house and then climb up to the second level floor, and then search the Dark Room. What am I searching for? How long does it take to search the Dark Room?”
Decktow nods. “It takes me a couple of hours to search the Dark Room. A tear in the metal plate or a rip in the ceiling will lead straight up into the peak, where the summit of gold is right above the mountain rock. I do believe that one of the Dark Rooms holds the secret hidden cavern that leads directly up into the mountain peak, where the summit of gold is located.”
Nitrix continues to sit and plays with the soft airplane, buzzing her lips with a giggle, “I agree with Decktow. Can I ride him first?”
Caim nods with a sour frown, “All right! I got it. I’m ready to go. Are you ready to go, Sweetbriar?”
Sweetbriar lifts his hand near a frown. “Wait a moment! You said that it takes you several hours to search or inspect or hand touch an individual Dark Room. A Dark Room is four feet long by four feet wide by seven feet high. I can search that tiny space within an hour or so.”
Decktow nods with a smile. “That one, I can too. Each Dark Room here inside the hologram game is fifty feet long by fifty wide by thirty feet high.”
Caim laughs with a nod. “That’s a really big Dark Room.”
Sweetbriar gasps. “That’s a really big clue here, Caim. Why is the Dark Room so large within this hologram game?”
Decktow smiles, “Because everything is a clue, the larger Dark Room contains the secret cavern passage that leads up to the summit of gold.”
He frowns. “I am not debating the location of the Dark Room. I am debating the purpose of the Dark Room. Why didn’t the Hologram Master keep the bathroom intact, instead of the Dark Room?”
Decktow points at Sweetbriar with a smile. “I thought of that answer. A Dark Room is composed only of gigantic metal plates and large pieces. Even during an earthquake, a Dark Room is the safest place for a delicate human body to standing during one of Mother Nature’s disasters.”
“I agree with Decktow. Let’s get going, Sweetbriar! We are running out of sunlight.” Caim nods.
Sweetbriar nods. “I agree with the construction of a Dark Room. How many damaged houses are shown on this side of the mountainside?”
Decktow laughs, “Lots!”
He frowns. “How many are the number of the non-mathematical word, lots? How many damaged houses have you inspected?”
Decktow smiles, “I inspected the number sixty-one today…”
“Sixty-one!” Caim gasps. “Have you really flown over the deep valley sixty-one times?”
He laughs. “Well, I can inspect two or three mud houses at a time, if I have enough time.”
Sweetbriar frowns. “What does that mean, if I have enough time? You are the lead gamer here. You have all the time in the world here.”
Decktow frowns. “No. I don’t. This particular hologram game has daily and nightly requirements for each role player. I must feed each hologram character here first. Or I can’t fly over the valley. I have tried and failed numerous times, before figuring that out. I wished the Hologram Master produced more electronic instructions for this game.”
Nitrix continues to sit and play with the soft trains. “Then the first gamer would figure out and find the pot of good first. That’s why the hologram game is a mystery and sometimes a mistake.”
Sweetbriar turns and stares at Nitrix. “How is a hologram game a mistake?’
Nitrix continues to play with a frown. “When you set your hopes on finding the grand prize, without finishing your homework assignments, your parent gets mad. Then your mother cuts off the hologram programs for a very long time.”
“That’s my mama too!” Caim exhales with annoyance.
Sweetbriar frowns. “You have inspected number sixty-one. How many damaged mud houses are there? How many did you count with your two eyeballs and an index finger, Decktow?”
Decktow points out the open window with a smile. “On this side of the mountain view from the LA Valley, on top of the flat plateau, there are one hundred mud houses. I am at number sixty-one, so I have thirty-nine more to inspect. That’s where ya’ll come into the picture. With an army of more teens, we can inspect the remaining row five times faster. And we might find the rest of them tonight during the full moon and rest on top of that gold summit,” laughing.
“That’s really romantic, Decktow.” Sweetbriar frowns.
Caim nods, “All right! We have work to do. I’m ready.”
“Freddy!” Sweetbriar winks with a laugh at Caim.
“Of the sixty-one inspected mud houses, how many damaged mud houses are there?”
Decktow nods. “All.”
Caim claps with a smile. “We know what to do, Sweetbriar.”
Decktow smiles. “Excellent! We will break and form three groups. The toddlers can’t reach the top of the metal wall without climbing a ladder. There isn’t a ladder inside the Dark Room. So, one toddler comes with me…”
“Me!” Nitrix looks up and winks at Decktow.
“I’ll go with Sweetbriar,” Blackjack continues to sit and plays with the two softy horses with a smile, “Neigh. Neigh. Neigh…”
Caim looks over and smiles at the toddler. “Teen Googol can come with me. Once we are inside the damaged mud house.”
Decktow nods. “The number thirty-nine divided by three groups of the inspectors equals thirteen houses apiece. The rest of the damaged mud houses are located toward the end of the road that curves around part of the solid rock mountain.”
Sweetbriar frowns. “You have inspected sixty-one mud houses that are damaged. Has each house been damaged the same way? Is there something different within one of the sixty-one houses that you have searched?”
Caim frowns, “Why are you asking, Sweetbriar?”
He laughs, “Because the answer is always found inside the last one. So, I think I will start my two-person team with my friend Blackjack on mud house number one hundred. Then, for sure, I’ll find the secret hidden cavern passage way, without the rest of ya’ll.”
Nitrix looks up with a sneer and jabs a tiny finger at Sweetbriar. “Hey! We are all going for the gold together.”
“He’s joshing you, Nitrix. Continue to play with your toys!” Blackjack continues to sit and play with the soft toys, “Neigh. Neigh. Neigh…”
Sweetbriar nods. “Well, was there any difference within one of the sixty-one houses, Decktow?”
Decktow nods. “No!”
“Good! We’re really to leave and go find the gold,” Caim smiles.
He smiles. “Hopefully, the search will go faster this time. This morning, I actually found an intact staircase which was easily than climbing a wall of rock.”
Sweetbriar gasps. “That’s strange here!”
He laughs. “Everything is strange here.”
Sweetbriar frowns. “No, that is strangely abnormal. You said that the other sixty houses each contained a damaged staircase and you had to climb up and over a wall of rock. So why was the staircase intact at the last inspected mud house, Decktow?”
“Why does it matter now, Sweetbriar? We’re all heading over and can see the house. Then we can each inspect thirteen houses. I wanna touch the summit of gold. Is the mineral gold soft or hard or rough or bumpy or lumpy?” Caim rubs her hands with an evil laugh.
Decktow frowns. “I didn’t know. I guess that the damage of each mud house received much less power from the series of earthquakes. So, the last mud house was not damaged like the other sixty ones. I don’t see anything different here,” he smiles. “Wait! I did think of something different here. The rest of the damaged mud houses will be easier to access as the sixty-first one had an intact staircase, where you can walk up the steps to the second floor level.”
Caim nods. “That makes sense.”
Sweetbriar frowns. “That makes no sense, Decktow. You enter a damaged mud house that holds an intact staircase. Why is the staircase intact? Was the Dark Room damaged instead?”
Decktow smiles, “No. The Dark Room was intact also.”
He asks. “Did you find a crack in one or more of the steel plates?”
“No. The Dark Room was not damaged.”
Sweetbriar frowns. “Did you find a busted from one or more of the steel plates?”
“No.” Caim laughs. “The Dark Room was intact. Why are you asking a thousand and one questions, Sweetbriar?”
Sweetbriar frowns. “I find it strange that the latest mud house contained an intact staircase, where the other sixty ones did not. So, that means, to me, that the remaining forty houses will have less damage than the first sixty ones as you move down the row of damaged houses.”
Decktow laughs. “That’s completely illogical, Sweetbriar. The first set of houses is heavily damaged and that makes it impossible to locate the secretly hidden cavern passage. This is the purpose of the game to toss your neurons off the grand prize. Well, I was tossed off. Now, I’m back on my game,” he reaches over with a folded fist and bumps with Caim, exploding the hand into a five fingers with a swish of sound, “Sh-woo!”
Caim laughs with a nod.
“That’s completely illogical, Decktow!” Sweetbriar frowns.
“No! I disagree. It is completely logical. I found each mud house had been damaged on the first floor level while the second floor level was completely intact, where the Dark Room lived. Sometimes, the lavatory on the second floor was damaged sorta big or a little bit. Now, the latest mud house has damage, but an intact staircase. This is great! Now, we can swiftly inspect the house and find the secret hidden cavern even faster.”
“No. That’s still completely illogical, Decktow!” Sweetbriar frowns. “If the first group of mud houses contains the most damage from the series of earthquakes, then the Dark Room would exhibit the most damage also. However, you have found that number one house through sixty are far more damaged than the most currently damaged and then inspected mud house which is number sixty-one. So, that concludes the next set of mud houses which number thirty-nine homes will exhibit much less damage as they probably were further away from the shaking of the earthquakes.”
He frowns. “No, I disagree. The remaining uninspected thirty-nine mud houses are more stable for a person to walk around inside without damaging the hologram body. So, one of the remaining mud houses must conceal the hidden passage, where the gamer can find easily. Then, the gamer can win the grand prize. I should have thought of that idea three years ago. Then, I would have won the grand prize three years ago too.”
Sweetbriar frowns. “No, I disagree with your upside logic, Decktow.”
Caim waves her arms with a sour frown and then points both hands at the open window with a smile. “Look! We do not have time for an academic debate. Let’s get going, Sweetbriar. We can trot and then run over the deep valley and make it there by nightfall hopefully.”
Sweetbriar frowns. “No, I have a point to prove. You found damage inside the first sixty houses, is that correct?”
Decktow nods. “Yes.”
“You found no damage inside the first sixty Dark Rooms, is that correct also?”
“Yes.”
“You found damage to each staircase inside the first sixty houses, is that correct?”
“Yes.”
“Come on, Sweetbriar!” Caim frowns.
Sweetbriar frowns. “You found no damage to the staircase inside the sixty-first house, is that correct?”
Decktow smiles, “Yes.”
He gasps. “That proves my point.”
Caim frowns. “Your silly one-side debate proves nothing, to me or to him or to her,” laughing.
Decktow smiles, “It proves to me that we all will find no damage to the staircase inside the houses that are numbered sixty-two through one hundred. Yay! And it also proves that we all will find no damage to the Dark Room inside the houses that are numbered sixty-two through one hundred also. Double yay! So, the houses numbered sixty-two through one hundred holds the secretly hidden cavern passage that leads up toward the summit of gold. Then each one of us will become golden rich. Does everyone agree with me?”
“Yes!” Caim frowns. “Finally, let’s get moving before sunset!”
“Yeah,” Blackjack continues to sit and plays with the two soft horses with a smile, “Neigh. Neigh. Neigh.”
“All right,” Nitrix continues to sit and play with the airplane, buzzing her lips with a giggle of fun.
“Okay.” Googol continues to sit and play with the two toy trains and smashes each one into the each other with a laugh.
Decktow stands from the steel floor, moves ahead, and stops, squatting down beside his backpack, reaching inside and rattles the contents. He pulls out each item and lifts the first one near his smiles. “This is a bent mobile telephone from the ancient days of old fashion body communication with your mother or your best friend,” he pitches one to Sweetbriar first.
Sweetbriar catches it and places the devise around his wrist with a smile. “I know that. I have seen one. The first mobile telephone had appeared like a square box of dull tan colored metal with a set of upright wires. Then the second age mobile telephone was a slender smaller square box in numerous colors. Then the third age mobile telephone produced the bent mobile telephone which could be worn on a wrist bone for easy travel without dropping the devise.”
Decktow continues to pitch a bent mobile telephone in a different bright neon color to each teen including the three toddlers. “Now, wear the bent telephone on your body somewhere. But keep it powered down right now. I found these things on the ground and around some of the warehouse platforms. Some of the teens know how to use them. Some of the teens didn’t know squat about the old mobile telephone. I don’t want any of the smarter gamers figuring out our plan, until we are standing on top of the summit of gold.”
The rest of the teens perform a head nod in silence.
Caim places the blue colored bent mobile telephone over her wrist bone and fiddles with the buttons, ensuring the phone is disconnected.
Blackjack catches the devise, places on her tiny wrist bone, and then catches it with the other tiny hand. Her tiny toddler wrist bone is too small for the large curved design on the bent mobile telephone. She leans down and places the device on one of the horses, galloping the soft toy around the floor with a smile, “Neigh. Neigh. Neigh...”
Googol catches the device and places it around the one of the trains and then smashes the front of the soft train together with a laugh.
Nitrix catches the devise from Decktow and twists the bent mobile telephone around both of her hands, trying to place it one of her tiny wrist bones, where it falls off. “Do the old portal phones really power up and work? Can I call my mother?”
“No.” Decktow frowns. “Yeah, each old telephone came out from Trash Mountain.”
Caim frowns. “Trash Mountain, I hear that name all the time. Does it do something else besides stand there?” 
He smiles. “Yeah, it does a lot of stuff. You can find all kinds of nice and ancient stuff out there. I found a bicycle, a skate board, a set of golf clubs coming off the bottom of the mountain one late afternoon, after I had finished feeding the masses of hungry hologram teens.”
She smiles. “Did you? What did you do with the toys?”
He nods. “I played with them for a while and then tossed them back into the trash pile for another teen to use and play with also. Each one of us has a bent mobile telephone, so we can quickly communicate with each other, if one or all of us is out of sight during out inspection tour within the UA Plateau, especially, when one of us finds the broken seam or the busted steel panel inside the Dark Room that leads straight up to the gold. Are there any questions? Are we ready to leave? I have more food containers for our late night snacks inside my backpack. So, I’ll take Nitrix across my back spine first and cross over the deep valley into the flat plateau, leaving her there to start on the sixty-second mud house alone. Then, I’ll return back and come and collect each toddler for their new flying trip. Then, we’ll continue the inspection process on four new mud houses as Caim and Sweetbriar make good foot time and finally meet us on top of the plateau.”
Nitrix continues to sit and exhales with frustration with the large pink tinted devise. She places it around her throat and wiggles the circular devise sideways with both hands until it fits snug around the tiny toddler neckline. Then a pink tinted tiny light flicks on and glows around the rear of her naked throat. She slowly stands upright and claps with a smile at Decktow. “I’m ready to go with you, Decktow. I’m excited about going with you, Decktow. Where are we going again, Decktow?”
On top of each steel bridge or inside each warehouse shed or outside each warehouse shed, each teen stops their motion and lifts up their wrist bone toward their distorted face while listening to the set of clear words coming out from an active bent mobile telephone, hearing a tiny voice from a toddler with curiosity.
Inside the shared warehouse of Caim and Decktow, Caim continues to sit on top of the metal floor in the cool air with a sour frown, staring at each friend. “I wished that I had a set of super powers here inside the Teenly Wasteland hologram game. Then I could swiftly fly over the air space and then safely land on top of the summit of gold.”
Decktow looks down and rearranges the items inside the ratty cloth backpack that must ride on the front of his naked chest during the dangerous flying trip from the wooden platform at LA Valley toward the UA Plateau with the first toddler on his back spine. He smiles down the contents. “Well, I guess, I can share a secret with ya’ll, since you are my new set of hologram friends.”
“What is the secret that you didn’t wanna to share with us, Decktow?” Sweetbriar sneers at the male teen.
He continues to arrange the items with a grin. “Well, each hologram character here does not have a set of super powers like a superhero. That is so true, because the super power magic is found in the machine.”
Blackjack smashes the horses together. “What is that?”
Caim gasps. “Why is that?”
Decktow looks up with a smile to see Caim and Sweetbriar. The three teens who are toddlers continue to play with their soft childish toys. He smiles. “Trash Mountain is not simply a mountain of trash. The mountain possesses the set of super powers here inside the Teenly Wasteland.”
Sweetbriar gasps. “That…that’s ridicule, Decktow. An object does not possess a set of superpowers.”
Caim shakes her curls with a puzzled brow. “Wait! What do you mean the mountain possesses the set of super powers? That is impossible. The other hologram games allow any hologram character to create and then enhance their set of senses or superpowers into becoming a superhero, but not here. Why is that?”
Decktow nods. “You are correct, Caim. Are you curious? Are you intrigued? Are you confused? The hologram game is named Teenly Wasteland. Where do you think the name comes from? The mountain is trash. The natives are teens. The entire landscape is a wasteland. The word, teenly, is not a proper noun, such like a proper person or a proper place or a proper thing within the title. It is a description of the object, which is a noun, wasteland. Thus, the secret powers that each hologram game carries are not with the gamer, but the hologram mountain, itself. Ain’t that a hoot!”
Sweetbriar laughs with a nod. “Ain’t that a kick in my ass! I didn’t catch the pun of the title either. How long did it take you to figure out that one?”
He exhales. “About two years, I was jerking around with a pair of snow skis for fun on my feet while learning how to operate them. Then I accidentally dropped off the wooden platform, rolled my arms like a pair of bent bird wings and landed on top of the flat dirt without harm but hurting with some blue colored bruises, not a broken bone. Then I figured out each object inside the mountain was possessed or charmed or cursed or charged with some type of super power that had allowed me to travel over the vast empty air space which was impossible for a regular teen human.”
Caim gasps. “Then, let’s go and find more magical stuff inside Trash Mountain. I can find a plane or a car or a kite or something big to fly through the air waves, over the valley of poisons and snakes, and then safely land on the flat grass on the UA Plateau.”
Sweetbriar frowns. “It’s not that easy, Caim. First, you must fall before you stand!” He laughs with Decktow.
Caim sneers. “What! What does that mean? Why are so negative, Sweetbriar? I can find my own machine and then fly through the air and over the valley, landing on the mountainside like you or him or her or they or she or it.”
Decktow nods. “Sweetbriar is correct. We are children of the Dark Room. I have never ever ridden a kiddie bicycle in my life back at home. I didn’t know what one looked like, until I met it inside the Dark Room. The Dark Room allows each teen to play around and have fun, since I was a child. However, this is a complex hologram game. If you do not know how to pilot an airplane, then your hologram character will die a fiery death diving down into the water. If you do not know how to ride a kiddie bicycle, then your hologram character goes nowhere. That’s the lesson here. The first hologram game teaches the gamer how to do stuff. I’ve been doing this stuff for years and years while learning from my mistakes. I’m afraid that you, Caim, would drop down in flames, if you even tried to pilot an airplane from the trash pile, through the air waves and then try to land on top of the summit of gold.”
Caim slaps her chest with a sneer at Decktow. “Hey! I’m a woman and I can do anything.”
Sweetbriar laughs. “Then go ahead, wo-man! When we all will arrive alive at the UA plateau, then you can watch us stand on top of the summit of gold as you will be a pile of burnt ashes on the bottom of the valley floor within the Teenly Wasteland hologram game.”
She frowns. “O! I get it now. All right! But I’m still a woman, but a smarter woman. Are we ready to leave now?”
Sweetbriar frowns. “I have one more question.”
Caim frowns. “No more questions, Sweetbriar! We must get marching over the valley floor before moonlight reaching the UA Plateau.”
He smiles. “Decktow, you tattled that each Dark Room was completely intact inside the first sixty-one mud houses. Inside each Dark Room, did the overhead lamps work?”
Decktow nods. “Yeah, I guess so. I didn’t turn them on. Well, you can’t turn them on. Only sitting in the Dark Room chair turns them on. I don’t think there is any power into a damaged mud house. However, the Dark Room was not damaged.”
“Inside the Dark Room, was there a black tinted metal chair sitting upright somewhere inside the undamaged Dark Room?”
Decktow nods. “Yeah, I tripped over it, every once in a while, during my foot inspection of the Dark Room.”
He gasps. “Inside each Dark Room, was the black tinted metal chair damaged?”
“No.”
He gasps again. “Inside each Dark Room, was there a black tinted jumpsuit?”
“Yeah, there was one.”
He nods. “Inside each Dark Room, was the black tinted jumpsuit damaged or torn?”
“No.”
He gasps again. “Inside each Dark room, each metal wall, the metal floor, and the metal ceiling were all intact. The Dark Room contained a metal chair, which was not damaged. And there was a black jumpsuit, which was not torn or ripped. Have I pretty much summarized each Dark Room inside the first sixty-one damaged mud houses?”
Decktow nods, “Yeah!”
Sweetbriar smiles, “And there are thirty-nine mud houses left to inspect and check, is that correct, Decktow?”
“Yeah,” Decktow nods with a gasp.
Blackjack stops playing with the two toy horses and looks up with a wink to see Sweetbriar. “So, based on the re-occurring pattern of the first sixty-one Dark Rooms that has been visually inspected by our new friend Decktow, the other thirty-nine Dark Rooms should be intact and complete with a set of four metal walls, a metal floor, a metal ceiling, a curved metal chair, and a black tinted jumpsuit. What do think that, Sweetbriar?”
The living room setting becomes silence.
Each teen turns with a gasp and stares at each other.
Decktow swiftly stands upright from the floor with his backpack of food, scratching his dried bloody, naked chest with a smirk. “Well, I will compliment my person here. That lunch meal of cooked dead cow meat was so really good,” he burps out loud and then laughs. “I think I need to walk over some of the long steel bridges and might take a good ole nasty crap, to boot.”
Caim continues to sit and gasps in shock. She knows why Decktow is sneaking out from their shared hologram warehouse shed home. She slowly stands and nods with a smile. “Well, that’s a great idea! I need to crap out a few smelly turds too. I don’t wanna stink up the lavatory in here either.”
Nitrix continues to sit and turns with a confused brow to see the short hallway. “Do you possess a real lavatory here inside the warehouse shed? I haven’t seen one. Does a hologram body really pee or pookie?”
Sweetbriar laughs. “No, we or they or you don’t! A hologram character does not crap, but dies.”
Decktow stands upright with a laugh. “I can attest that a hologram character shits out a set of baby toddler turds which smells really bad by your hologram nose holes.”
Caim looks down at the floor. “Why would a toddler do that? Did one of you, tiny teens really crap on this floor?”
Blackjack swiftly stands upright from the floor and tosses both of the toy horses down onto the floor with a laugh, “Maybe!”
Googol laughs, “Might so!”
Nitrix frowns, “Hell, no!”
Decktow laughs with the brilliant distraction. “Well, bye, ya’ll!” He quickly spins around and swiftly dashes out the open archway, running down the long steel bridge.
Inside the living room, Sweetbriar swiftly stands upright from the floor and rapidly scoots around Caim, running toward the open archway and flings both arms in the air with a smile. “Get him! Follow him! Decktow is going to find a flying machine with a set of superpowers within Trash Mountain first. Then he’ll able to fly from here and enter into one of the intact Dark Rooms and beam his hologram body upwards and reach the summit of gold first, if we do not stop him. He will claim the gold first, before me.”
Caim spins around with a sneer and dashes behind Sweetbriar. “Decktow, stop running away from me, right now! You are my friend. Wait for me! We’re going to find the gold together. Wait for me! We can beam up at the same time from an individual Dark Room. When we can share the summit of gold? Don’t you remember? Come back here, Decktow!”
The three toddlers toss down each toy and then spin around, slowly running on a pair of short legs.
Blackjack sneers at the back spine on Caim and runs with a pair of short toddler legs. “Wait! Stop! Come and get us! We are too small with a pair of toddler legs to run after you. Come back, Caim! Sweetbriar, you can back for me right now!”
Each toddler dashes out the open archway and runs on top of the long steel bridge, dashing ahead toward tall and shiny Trash Mountain.
On top of Trash Mountain, one hundred teens are present and slowly scoot around the hard metal pieces while searching for something.
Decktow slowly climbs the mountain of shiny and silver tinted trash particles with a gasp and scoots around some of the teens, moving ahead with confusion. “How in the heck do they know my big secret? I don’t understand. No one knows my secret. Who told them?”
“Hey, Decktow!” One of the males looks up and smiles while cuddling a set of roller skates and a pair of snow skis, returning back down to the trash pile while searching for a machine that will travel across the air waves.
Decktow continues to move across the high and low piles of shiny metal pieces, surveying the rest of the mountain top. The mountain extends for miles and miles within a pair of naked eyeballs. The first five hundred feet of mountain surface displays each teen gamer within the Teeny Wasteland hologram game. Each teen gamer wears a pair of colorful hiking boots and a pair of long blue jeans while looking down, searching for a transport machine to fly across the air waves toward the summit of gold first.
He stops and stands in the middle of the crowd of searching teen gamers with a confused brow. “Who told them? I do not understand this. Now, everyone is trying to find a flying machine to travel through the air waves and then reach the summit of gold first, before me. I don’t understand. This is my secret. I found the secret.”
On top of the long steel bridge, Sweetbriar continues to run and then hits the bottom of Trash Mountain, slowly stepping high, climbing the hill. He struggles over each tall pile of metal pieces with heavy grunts and as he is not used to the physical exercise and halts with a gasp. “Well, this is very bad.” He looks down and rips off the bent mobile telephone from his wrist bone, tossing the item down into the pile of trash with a sneer. “Somebody has spied on us. Or one of us is a spy. But it isn’t me. I just want the gold. I don’t care for the ride or the cry or the wind,” he moves far away from the other teen gamers and searches for a flying machine among the tall, wide, and shiny trash pieces.
Caim follows directly behind the foot prints on Sweetbriar with a sour frown and set of soft ugly words. “How did I miss the obvious clue here inside the hologram game? This is a hologram game. The Dark Room is intact. The Dark Room is not damaged. The Dark Room can be activated with power from my butthole. I am the butthole here. Then, the first gamer can beam directly on top of the gold summit without injury or pain or poisons or whatever,” she reaches the top of the mountains peak with heavy breathes and then a loud gasp in confusion. “Where did they come from? The entire LA Valley teens are here with me. Well, Decktow was not the only smart gamer with his deep, dark secret. Now, I must compete with each teen. Well, I’m ready to fight for my right to not share the golden goose egg that is flat,” she slowly struggles ahead with a laugh and looks down at each shiny hard piece of metal. “I don’t really know what I’m looking for. Someone tell me!”
On top of the long steel bridge, the three toddlers stumble and slide over the slick metal plates, tumbling over each tiny body. Then each one slowly stands and races ahead on a pair of short legs. The three tiny teens stop and reach the bottom on Trash Mountain.
Nitrix looks up with a smile and points at the top of the mountain. “Look up there! Go up there!”
Blackjack looks up and starts climbing over the high piles of hard metal with her tiny toddler body with a set of heavy grunts.
Googol looks up with a deep sigh and steps over each hard metal while working up the hill.
On top of the mountain, Caim stops and looks up to see the pale blue skyline without any clouds. “Look up there! I thought someone told me to look up there into the sky. I don’t see anything but clouds and sun and wind and birds.”
Sweetbriar and the other teen gamers continue to slowly search for a flying machine that can travel over the air space toward the summit of gold on the opposite side of the valley.
Decktow continues to stand and exhales with annoyance while trying to figure out a new plan.
The three toddlers continue to climb and then finally arrive on top of the mountain peak, surveying the crowd of teens.
Blackjack gasps in shock and says with a tiny toddler voice. “Where did the crowd of teens come from? Someone told them our secret.”
Googol stares at the crowd of teens also. “Not me!”
Nitrix stares at the invasion of teens and shakes her set of blonde pigtails in silence.
Blackjack slowly moves ahead with a sour frown. “Come on! We gotta find a flying machine to take us over the air and land on top of that gold before the other teens. Or we will not receive any of the golden prizes.”
Googol moves ahead with a sneer and looks down at the trash pile for a flying machine.
Nitrix slowly strolls ahead and then trips over one of the large pieces of trash.
Googol stops, swings around, and strolls back to help Nitrix, reaching down with a gasp, seeing the glowing pink light on the bent mobile telephone. She leans down and shuts off the power, slapping the head on her friend Nitrix. 
“Ouch!” “Nitrix screams like a toddler.
Googol assists her friend to sit up with a sneer. “Nitrix, you turned on the power inside the bent mobile telephone. So, every teen here in the LA Valley has heard our set of secret words about the flying machine and the summit of gold. That’s why they are all right here with us.” 
Nitrix sits upright on her fanny and cries with tears. “I’m sorry. I didn’t know. My hands are too small. My feet are too big. My stomach is too tiny. My brain is too large. I wanna go home.”
She frowns. “Then go and kill off yourself. Then your hologram self can go back to the Island Resort Dark Room.”
Nitrix sobs. “No. I mean, I wanna go home with part of the gold, too.”
She frowns. “Then, get your toddler person up and search for a flying machine. We can go together and fly across the air waves, landing on top of the flat plateau and climb the undamaged staircase and enter the Dark Room. Easy and peasy and win!” Googol spins around with a sour frown and starts to search through each metal piece.
She smiles. “Okay!” Nitrix slowly moves ahead and looks down searching for a flying machine with magical powers also.
One of the female squats down and reaches out, finding a light weight metal stick, slapping it over one of the large metal pieces that makes a loud tapping noise. She giggles and slaps the metal stick over the rounded metal piece again while making a second loud tapping noise over and over with fun. Then she flips her hand and morphs the large metal piece into a single musical drum with a set of drums sticks. She sits on top of a white tinted metal stool and wears a pair of red colored walking shorts, a pair of thigh-high boots, a matching short-sleeved T-shirt, and a pair of black tinted sunglasses.
Some other males and females stop the search and spin around to see the loud commotion. Then each teen squats down and picks up a piece of metal, morphing a stool, a set of drums, a pair of sticks, a pair of sunglasses, and a set of wild colorful new clothes from the brown colored attire while playing the musical instrument.
One of the males reaches down and finds a small light weight metal stick, tapping on top of a small piece of metal while creating a ting sound with a smile. He continues to squat and ting the stick onto the small round piece of metal, tilting his chin, morphing the trash junk into a silver tinted triangle musical instrument with a hand beater. He creates a set of tiny tings.
Some other male and females discontinue the search and join the animate band members with a triangle musical instrument, morphing into a set of elegant long colorful gowns and tuxedos.
The group of talented musical males and females continue to bang on top of the hologram drums and triangles and as the sound echoes through the air waves: Ra ta ta. Ra ta ta. Ra ta ta…”
Decktow swiftly stands upright from the trash pile and spins around to see loud commotion with a smile. He shakes his hips and tosses his arms in the air, exchanging his semi-naked body into a black suit with a red bowtie, moving into the middle of the trash pile. “Hey, ya’ll! Come on here now, girls and guys. Do the Trashcan Funk!”
Each teen stops and spins around with a smile, changing into a long dress or a business suit and then bounces up and down with the musical beat coming from the group of talented musicians.
Caim stands upright from the trash pile with a smile and dashes ahead toward Decktow. “What’s that, the Trashcan Funk?”
Decktow reaches out with a hand and a smile. “It’s a teen dance here on top of Trash Mountain. Come and stand here in front of my chest, Caim!”
She stops and frowns, changing into a blue long gown. “Okay, I guess.”
Decktow bends his kneecaps hearing the strike of each drum roll and shouts out loud to the other teens. “Ready!”
“Freddy!” The other teens stand upright in place and bounce up and down, shouting back with laughter.
Caim laughs and whispers with a smile staring at the golden summit on the opposite side of the mountain of rusty, silver tinted metal parts. “Freddy!”
Decktow sings out loud with a stucco musical beat while standing at the back spine on Cain. “Guys, grab your girl or grab another girl or grab a guy that’s thinks he’s a girl.”
The set of individual drum rolls and the pings of numerous man-made triangle sounds: Ra ta ta. Ra ta ta. Ra ta ta ta ta ta ta. Ting. Ting. Ting. Ting. Ting. Ting. Ting. Ting. Ting. Ting. Ting. Ting. Ting. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding. Crash!” The set of cymbals smash together with a loud musical note that echoes throughout the air waves.
Each boy and girl smashes into each other’s body with a smile and then drops down onto the ground with a chuckle, resting without movement.
The set of individual drum rolls and the pings of numerous man-made triangle sounds: Ra ta ta. Ra ta ta. Ra ta ta ta ta ta ta. Ra ta ta ta ta ta ta.”
Each male and female swiftly stands upright in place and bounces their body up and down again.
Decktow continues to stand behind Caim and sings out loud with a smile. “Girls, shake in the north, yeah.”
Each girly soprano voice sings and shakes her upper body side to side. “Tee dee dee. Tee dee dee. Tee dee dee. Tee dee dee. Tee. Tee. Tee. Tee. Tee. Tee. Dee. Dee. Dee. Dee. Dee. Dee. Ting.” The girl freezes her girly pose with a giggle in front of her guy.
Decktow sings out loud with a smile. “Guys, roll in the south, hey.”
Each baritone manly voice sings and rolls their hips against the back side on their girl. “Dum dee dee. Dum dee dee. Dum dee dee. Dum dee. dee. Dum. Dum. Dum. Dum. Dum. Dum. Dee. Dee. Dee. Dee. Dee. Dee. Dong.” The boy freezes his pose with a smile behind his female.
Decktow sings out loud. “Now, everyone, shake it east and west at each other. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yay. Yay. Yay Yay. Yay. Yay.”
Some girls spin around and cuddle with their dance partner shaking their body parts side to side onto the body parts of their male.
Some guys lean into their dance partner rubbing and rolling their body parts behind her body with a smile, dancing side to side.
The drums roll and triangle instrument continues to loudly play: Ra ta ta. Ra ta ta. Ra ta ta ta ta ta. Ra ta ta ta ta ta ta. Ting. Ting. Ting. Ting. Ting. Ting. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ting. Ting. Ting. Ting. Ting. Ting. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding. Crash!” The set cymbals smash together with a loud musical note that echoes throughout the air waves.
Each boy and girl smashes into each other with a smile and then drops down onto the ground with a chuckle.
The drum rolls and the triangle continue to play out loud: Ra ta ta. Ra ta ta. Ra ta ta ta ta ta ta.”
Each teen stands upright with a smile and starts to dance.
Decktow continues to stand on top of the trash and shouts out loud, waving back arms in the air. “Now, back it up. Shift it left. Pull it right. Form an ugly line right here, to dance it up all night. Whoo. Whoo. Whoo. Whoo. Whoo. Whoo. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let’s do it right. Hey. Hey. Hey,” he leans over and wraps his arms around the waistline on Caim, slowly pulling her backward while shaking his hips with a smile and stops, standing in the center of the forming line of teens.
The other girls and guys dance backward or forward, forming a long semi-crooked line, linking arms, marching in a gigantic circle over the rough pieces of metal on top of the trash mountain.
Decktow stands in the middle and sings out loud, dancing with his girl Caim. “Go. Go. Go. Pull that doe, pull that doe, through the trashcan hole, hey. Yo. Yo. Yo. Push that buck, push that buck, over that trashcan muck, yeah. No. No. No. Don’t go, don’t ya go, pulling that trashcan fu…nny move over my eyes, babe.”
Each teen with a broken steel pipe at the lips blows out a musical sound like a set of flute instrument, softly playing the musical melody. “Toot tu da do. Trill. Toot tu da do. Trill. Toot tu, tu, tu, tu, do, do, do, do. Trill. Trill. Trill.”
Each girl and guy release arms and then slow dance together within the dance line to the soft slow musical tune.
The drum rolls and the triangle sounds: Ra ta ta. Ra ta ta. Ra ta ta ta ta ta ta. Ting. Ting. Ting. Ting. Ting. Ting. Ting. Ting. Ting. Ting. Ting. Ting. Ting. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding. Ding. Crash!” The set cymbals smash together with a loud musical note that echoes throughout the air waves.
Each boy and girl smashes into each other with a smile and then drops down onto the ground with a chuckle.
The set of man-made drum rolls and the pings of man-made triangles continue to play out loud: Ra ta ta. Ra ta ta. Ra ta ta ta ta ta ta.
Each teen stands upright with a smile and starts to dance.
Then the drums roll and the triangle loudly play the marching sound: Ra ta ta ta ta ta ta. Ra ta ta ta ta ta ta. Ra ta ta ta ta ta ta ta. Ting, ting, ting, ting, ting, ting. Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding. Crash!”
The line of teens stops the slow dance move and then march ahead, dancing within the lines.
Then the drums roll and the triangle loudly play the marching sound: Ra ta ta ta ta ta ta. Ra ta ta ta ta ta ta. Ra ta ta ta ta ta ta ta. Ting, ting, ting, ting, ting, ting. Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding. Crash. Crash. Crash.”
Each boy and girl smashes into each other with a smile and then drops down onto the ground with a chuckle.
The music stops.
Each group of novice musicians toss away each metal piece back down into the trash pile and then swiftly stands upright with a smile, dashing around the trash mountain, looking for a set of ancient items to cross the Death Valley of poisonous snakes and ponds.
Decktow stands in place with a smile. Caim spins around in an elegant long gown of blue, stops, and poses, curving her back spine, facing the golden summit with a smile.
The music stops.
Decktow releases Caim. Her body falls down and tumbles over each hard pieces of metal and as she screams out loud. He turns and scans the mountain side that glitters in trash particles, whispering for his eardrums only. “You are here. I can feel it,” he changes back into blue running shorts and a pair of soft boots, racing ahead, looking down in-between the trash particles.
Each teen morphs their dance clothes back onto the exercise clothes and short pair of brown hiking boots and then turns, scattering around the trash heap of hard metals, searching for a flying machine to sail cross the valley.
On top of the metals, Caim sneers with annoyance and slowly stands upright with a growl, looking at the back spine on Decktow. She changes into a set of comfortable yellow, purple and green exercise clothes with a pair of red hiking boots, sneering at her friends. “I am going to get to the summit mountain of gold first.” She races ahead and looks down in-between the numerous trash particles for her brilliant idea also.
Blackjack slowly crawls on her two hands and two kneecaps over each pile of trash with a sneer. “Hurry up, toddlers! Decktow is going to get to the gold first.”
Googol stops and smiles at the teen. “I do believe that our nasty and dishonest friend Sweetbriar is going to get to the gold first before Decktow.”
Blackjack continues to look down and scan the numerous hard metal comp0onents. “Why do you say that, Googol?”
She points with a smile. “Because Sweetbriar is located way over there and has stopped on top of the trash pile. He is waving at us to join him.”
Nitrix stops and stares at Sweetbriar. “No. He is not waving at us. What is he looking for over there?”
Blackjack stops with a gasp and stares at the nose profile on Sweetbriar with her acute human eyeballs. He spins both of his hands around and around above the trash pile.
Googol frowns at the teen, “What is he doing over there?”
Blackjack gasps in alarm. “Sweetbriar has the same idea that we do.”
Nitrix frowns at back spine on Blackjack. “What is the same idea? I don’t know the same idea.”
Blackjack smiles.
A tall and slender female teen with long red hair and blue eyeballs stops and stands on top of the trash pile, lifting up, waving both of her arms in the air. The set of trash particles below her booted feet stirs and then shifts side to side. A damaged and dull looking blue tinted old fashion racing bicycle with only one handler bar, a yellow seta, and a single foot paddle slowly lifts into the air and then halts. She jumps from the trash pile into the air and then lands on top of the bicycle seat using its limited hologram magic. She swings the bicycle to face the opposite view that holds the summit mountain of gold and starts paddling with her pair of naked feet and a smile. The flying bicycle magical flies through the air.
Each other teen looks up with a gasp and sees a magical flying bicycle, clapping for the female. Then the flying bicycle slowly descends down toward the ground, instead of up into the clouds.
On top of the trash pile, Nitrix stops and looks up in the skyline, turning to point at the flying bicycle and the red haired girl with a gasp. “What? What’s happening out there? Why is the bicycle falling down from the clouds? What will happen to that teen girl?”
Googol looks up from the trash pile and nods with a frown. “The teen does not have even power from a simple foot paddled bicycle to propel it forward through the air inside this hologram game. You must find a transport with more magical powers than a simple kiddie bicycle. Bye, bye, teen girl!”
Each other teen watches the flying bicycle swiftly drop down and as the teen female screams out loud and then sounds with silence with a hologram death.
Each other teen softly moans with sadness and then looks down to find their personal flying machine that will traverse the air space toward the summit of gold.
On top of the trash pile, Blackjack watches and then laughs out loud. “She’s outta of the race for the gold!” She continues to stand in place and squats down, waving both tiny hands over the trash pile.
Nitrix turns and frowns at the back spine on Blackjack. “What are you doing, Blackjack?”
“We are too short to catch up with the rest of the taller teens. We need a set of better legs.” The trash pile swiftly rattles and then slowly shuffles side to side. A badly dented and partially dull red tinted broken tricycle slowly rises from the heap of trash and stops in the air. Blackjack slides down onto the dull black colored seat and touches each handle bar with a sneer. “Now, this is a toddler ride. Grab a wounded tricycle and fly through the air over each trash pile while looking down into the rubbish. We need to find a much better transport that will glide us over the valley of snakes and spiders.” She pads the foot rests and flies through the air, looking down through the metal for a better flying machine.
On the other side of Trash Mountain, Decktow stands in place and follows the hologram death of the brave teen female with a deep sigh. “This search task of large trash object is impossible. I could fly across the air waves with my gear, but then the other teens will follow me. I don’t wanna give them any new ideas. But I gotta find a very large flying machine with more superpowers and then fly over the valley without falling off,” he looks down and then gasps in alarm. “That’s it! I got the pretty plan of action,” he spins around with a smile and dashes back down the Trash Mountain with a laugh of his future victory.
On top of the Trash Mountain, Caim struggles over each broken piece of trash metal, wiping off the sweat, looking down at all the materials with a sigh of worry. Then her eyeball catches the movement.
Decktow races toward Caim and then passes her, moving in the opposite direction.
She gasps in alarm. “Where is he going? He has found another way across the air waves and over the valley toward the summit of gold. I’m following Decktow,” she swings around with a laugh and follows the back spine on Decktow.
On top of the long steel bridge, Decktow races down and exits off trash mountain, running down the long steel bridge, entering back into his shared warehouse house with the other teens. He runs ahead and enters into his private bedroom, sliding over the steel floor and halts in front of open window. He reaches down and grabs the pair of anti-gravity boots with a laugh, spinning around, standing upright and exits the warehouse home, dashing back toward Trash Mountain.
Caim runs away from Trash Mountain toward the row of warehouse sheds, halting on top of the steel bridge with a gasp, standing in place with confusion.
Decktow passes her stationary, sweaty body again and races back up the trash pile with a pair of anti-gravity boots.
“O no! Decktow, he figured out a brilliant way to get across the deep valley of snakes and the space air without body harm and in a hurry. Think! Think faster! Think fastest!” She wipes off the sweat from her face and scans the landscape for a new idea in panic. The rest of the teens are slowly digging through the metal trash on top of the mountain while looking for a magical flying machine.
Yeah, all of this sounds strange. But this is a hologram game that leads to the summit of gold.
On top of Trash Mountain, Decktow swiftly climbs the hill again and sometimes leaps over a low pile of junk, dashing over the hard metal pieces, returning back to the same spot. He stops and stands in place, slipping an anti-gravity boot over each soft animal skin boots that protect his tender toes from the hard metal, standing upright with a smile. 
Located within another hot and less crowded spot within the trash pile, from the year 1941, a World War Two fighter plane in pale blue tone with numerous geometric holes in the rough metal, an intact pilot chair, a single prop engine, and two intact wings slowly rises from the metal scrapes. A sixteen-year-old pale skinned female teen pilot wears a pair of sunglasses and a helmet with a silver tinted flying eagle bird over her short brown tinted hair on top jumps up from the trash pile and lands down inside the ratty chair, bouncing up and down with excitement, magical steering her damaged and non-working fighter airplane over the rest of the trash pile and through the air waves and above the hair roots on each teen.
The large object casts a long dark shadow over the bright, shiny metal pieces, when each teen slowly looks up with a gasp to see the magical flying machine.
The teen female pilot with light skin inside the fighter plane laughs and snaps her fingers, bouncing with happiness. She is going to reach the summit of gold first.
A new musical song entitled Believer sings out loud: First things first/ I’m a say all the words inside my head/ I’m fired up and tired of the way that things have been, oh ooh/ The way that things have been, oh ooh/ Second thing/ Second, don’t you tell me what you think that I can be/ I’m the one at the sail, I’m the master of my sea, oh ooh/ The master of my sea, oh ooh/ I was broken from a young age/ Taking my sulking to the masses/ Write down my poems for the few/ That looked at me took to me, shook to me, feeling me/ Singing from heart ache from the pain/ Take up my message from the veins/ Speaking my lesson from the brain/ Seeing the beauty through the/ Pain/ You made me a, you made a believer, believer/ Pain/ You break me down and me up, believer, believer/ Pain/ Oh, let the bullets fly, oh let them rain/ My life, my love, my drive, it came from/ Pain/ You made me a, you made me a believer, believer…
Note: The musical song entitled Believer had been performed in the year 2016 by the musical band Imagine Dragons. The band members are Dan Reynolds, Ben McKee, Wayne “Wing” Sermon, and Daniel Platzman.
On top of Trash Mountain from the pile of trash metal, a damaged dull white tinted business jet with one good wing and a partial wing slowly lifts up from the shiny materials and then hovers a few inches in the air. Seventeen-year-old, tall, slender, dark-skinned, and brown shoulder length haired Decktow continues to stand upright with a smile, bending both the kneecaps, leaping from the trash pile into the air. He floats through the air in an upright pose and flings both arms for balance, safely landing on top in the middle of the damaged jet plane with a loud chump from the metal boots. He extends both arms straight ahead of his chest and wiggles both hands side to side. His hologram limited magic starts a fake engine on the damaged business jet plane that displays numerous holes through the metal body, missing cabin seats, without a windshield and a trained pilot. He continues to stand securely on the rooftop of the jet in his pair of anti-gravity boot and as the jet plane slowly flies over the trash pile and through the air toward the summit of gold. He tilts his chin. A helmet in bright orange and a green and yellow scarf appears around his throat protecting his face from the wind burn. 
A musical song entitled Believer continues to sing out loud: Pain/ You made me a, you made a believer, believer/ Pain/ You break me down and me up, believer, believer/ Pain/ Oh, let the bullets fly, oh let them rain/ My life, my love, my drive, it came from/ Pain/ You made me a, you made me a believer, believer…
On top of steel bridge, seventeen-year-old tall, slender, brown-haired and pale-skinned Caim looks up with a gasp and sneers at her former friend Decktow on top of his flying business jet plane, shouting out loud, tossing both arms in the air. “Do not count me out, Decktow. I’m coming right behind your butthole too.” Of course, Decktow can’t hear her angry words as she has not activated the bent mobile telephone on her wrist bone.
On top of Trash Mountain, within the trash pile, from the year 2019 a tiny damaged compact two-seater car in dull mint green with three orange colored wheels slowly ascends up from the junk pile. The blue haired and dark skinned teen female rests on top of the short rooftop while sliding down to one side and then slipping down onto the opposite side with a set of short screams. She wears her set of yellow and green exercise clothes with a pair of brown tinted hiking boots.
Within the junk pile of metal parts, from the year 1972, a damaged, yellow colored, ancient school bus slowly lifts upright from the shiny metal parts into the air, without a set of wheels, an array of broken windows, and numerous brown looking rust spots over the dull yellow metal. A teen male stands in front of the open windshield waving at the loser teens below on top of the trash pile. Behind the male teen, rows of individual male and female teens wear an assortment of Halloween costumes, such as, a witch, a monster, a caveman, a cowboy, a soldier, a southern belle, a teacher, a robot, a clown. Each one stands uprights and dances to the same musical song.
The musical song entitled Believer continues to sing out loud: Third things third/ Send a prayer to the ones up above/ All the hate that you’re heard has turned your spirit to a dove, oh, ooh/ Your spirit to a dove, oh, ooh/ Your spirit up above, oh, ooh/ I was choking in the crowd/ Building my rain up in the cloud/ Falling like ashes to the ground/ Hoping my feelings, they would drown/ But they never did, ever lived, ebbing and flowing, Inhibited, limited/ Till it broke open and rain down, like/ Pain/ You made me a, you made a believer, believer/ Pain/ You break me down and me up, believer, believer/ Pain/ Oh, let the bullets fly, oh let them rain/ My life, my love, my drive, it came from/ Pain/ You made me a, you made me a believer, believer…
In the pale blue sky, a short line of flying machines slowly forms and then slowly steers through the clouds, moving toward the summit of gold.
On top of Trash Mountain within the trash pile, from the year 2002, a damaged and dull pink tinted fire truck cab and its attached long matching engine section slowly lifts up from the metal parts with an upright white tinted ladder in the air. The male teen lounges inside the prongs on the tall ladder and waves down at the trash mountain to each one of his loser friends with a laugh. He wears a pair of blue jeans, a red tinted color shirt, and a pair of brown colored cowboy boots.
Within the trash pile, from the year 1909, a damaged Model T Ford touring car in the color of dull red with a golden colored grill flies up from the metal parts and then soars through the air, slowing joining the line of flying machines. The female teen is dark skinned and wears a long peach colored dress with a pretty pale blue hat over her hair roots, sitting inside the driver’s seat, touching the rusty steering column with one hand, waving to the loser teens down on the trash pile.
Within the shiny and shuffling trash pile, from the year 2030 a silver tinted, slightly dented, single flying vehicle in the shape of long cylinder nose with a rounded bubble top slowly lifts up wearing numerous holes in the smooth metal, missing the single driving chair, and all the glass window. A male teen sits on top of the long nose of the first hover car and leans against the wind frame with both eyelids closed. His mind flies the magical machine toward the summit of gold.
Within a trash pile, from the year 1893, a row boat in rotten brown tinted wood with numerous holes flies up from the junk and soars away from Trash Mountain and steers toward the summit of gold holding a standing line of six teens. Each teen wears a colorful outer space suit and dances side to side from the musical song.
Inside the junk parts, from the year 2044, a super-large and super-long delivery vehicle slowly floats up from the metal parts and shines in rusty spots of orange and bright colors of maroon. The delivery vehicle is oval-shaped with an oval windshield without the glass. The rooftop is bent down into the cargo hole without any additional teen passengers. A single female teen sits inside the driver’s seat and waves at all of her friends that fly through the skyline, wearing a head of red hair, tone of pink tinted skin, and her purple and black exercise outfit.
From the trash pile, a group of different colored motorcycles slowly lift up with an individual teen on top, sailing through the air, leaving the trash pile and fly with the growing line of magical flying machines within the pale blue sky.
One by one, an assortment of smaller flying objects, appears, such like, a broken and dull colored paddle bicycle, a broken dull colored tricycle, numerous individual broken and dull looking individual skate boards, a few broken and rusty pairs of snow skis, and numerous pairs of dull looking foot skates, coming from a different teen.
The skyline is slowly filing with an array of large, medium, and small flying objects with a solo teen or a group of teens.
In the LA Valley, on top of the long steel bridge, Caim gasps with a smile at each flying machine. “This is all real. This really works. Each teen or group of teen is riding and flying inside a magical machine that comes from Trash Mountain,” she gasps. “Me! I’m being left behind by the group of flies,” she spins around and dashes back to the Trash Mountain to find for her personal flying machine.
Within the pale blue skyline, a new line of flying machines quickly ascends up from the trash pile also.
Within the trash pile, from the year 1962 Volkswagen bus in dull orange metal and a white metal rooftop slowly lifts up from the junk pile without any wheels, intact windows, without seats. Inside the bus, there are thirteen teens slightly kneeling down and viewing the skyline through the glass window. Each one waves at the other teens through the clouds. Each teen wears a hat and shakes a flag in the colors of red, white and blue strips.
Within the heap of metals, from the year 1999, an outer space square shaped boxy looking silver tinted satellite leaps from the pile into the air with a side blue tinted solar panels. The other side displays long antennas, where a teen dangles down from each wiry antenna. And the satellite slowly twirls around and as it heads toward the summit of gold.
Within the trash pile, from the year 2066, a sleek golden tinted hover race boat slowly lifts up from the scattered metals wearing a set of holes in the body, missing single chair and the rooftop. a set of three short male dark skinned teens stand inside the open cabin and wave at each teen, wearing a white toga dress with a band of green flowers.
Within the junk pile of metal parts, from the year 2021, a lavender colored hang glider leaps from the trash and soars through the air without a seat. A set of male teens hangs into each wing and shouts out loud with fun, wearing a naked chest and a pair of soft boots.
Within the trash pile, from the year 1983, a group of six brave and silly teens whip onto a back spine a rusty looking cloth parachute bag and dashes ahead, leaping off the tall mountain of trash and soar through the air waves.
Within the pile of metals, from the year 1963, a carnival merry-go-round with horses slowly lifts up from the junk pile. Some of the horse statues are broken while some are intact. Each wooden horse is composed of dull colors and broken leather reins. And each horse displays a female teen that wears a long gown of beauty, a tiara, and a bouquet of colorful flower. Each male runs on top of the horse and whips a cowboy hat into the air for fun.
Within the junk pile, from the year 2022, a bubble-top two-seater helicopter in dull tan hue slowly ascends up from the trash pile, wearing numerous small holes in the tan colored metal, a broken windshield of glass, and both missing doors. The female teen stands upright inside the cockpit and dances side to side to the music, wearing a pair of kitty cat ear in black metal against her blonde hair.
From the trash pile, a set of different colored dull looking, broken down muscle cars, sports cars, station wagons, sedans, pickup trucks, jet skis, speed boats, cruise boats, fishing boats, and a few business airplanes slowly lift up with an individual teen on top, sailing through the air, leaving the trash pile and forming a new line of magical flying machines in the pale blue sky.
The skyline steadily fills up and overshadows the bright sunlight with an array of large, medium, and small flying objects with a solo teen or a group of teens.
At the bottom of Trash Mountain, Caim steps onto the metal parts and slowly climbs toward the top with heavy breaths. “I’m late for my date with the gold. I will never, ever work a paying job again like my parents. I’m so happy. I usually don’t play the more complex hologram games. But…” She reaches the top with a gasp. “O no! The once tall pile of metal trash has been reduced down to deep crates and large holes of tiny pieces of metal particles. Each teen has successful found a flying machine but me,” she spins around with a gasp and slaps her sweaty cheekbones while viewing the new commotion within the air waves.
Within the trash piles on top of Trash Mountain, on the far side of the mountain surface, Googol paddles faster in the dark green damaged tricycle with a set of deep heaves from the intense exercise as a toddler and then stops paddling. Her tricycle drops down and lands on top of the trash pile. She cries out loud. “Wait! Stop, Blackjack! Wait for me, Nitrix.”
Nitrix soars through the air on her broken pink colored tricycle, shouting out loud. “We can’t wait, Googol! Every teen has left Trash Mountain, but us. Get moving right now! Or get left behind right now!”
Googol exhales with exhaustion and wipes the baby tears from her two eyeballs. “You’re mean and ugly and stupid, Blackjack and Nitrix. We are friends. Friends are supposed to share,” she looks down and kicks the metal particles exposing the smooth solid of solid black. She gasps at the pretty color. “What’s that? She slides off the tricycle and stumbles through the hard particles, dropping down on top of the solid metal, touching the smoothness. “It is smooth and it is black. I…I have seen this thing a long, long time ago. Yeah, I have,” she slowly stands upright from the trash pile and back steps, waving her arms up and down with a set of giggles. “Get up! Rise up! Wake up! Get up from your slumber.” The trash particles swiftly rumble with loud squeaks of metal pain and then expose a line of smooth black metal. Googol continues to back step from her creative with a giggle. The trash pile stops shaking. Then a sleek black tinted passenger train that holds four complete matching black tinted metal compartments with empty passengers, missing chairs, and numerous broken windows of glass and without an engine for power. The flying machine slowly rises up from its trash grave and halts in the air. Googol wiggles and giggles in place and then slowly tumbles over each hard metal trying to get to the busted and open doorway on the last compartment. She is too small to leap into the air and then land on top of her machine with her baby toddler hologram person.
Further away within the same trash mountain in a new hot spot on top of the trash pile, Blackjack flies ahead and then halts, slowly landing hard on top of the level metal, wiping off the sweat and turns with worry to see the rows of flying machines that carry the other teens. “O no! They only have a head start. I can still get there first. I just need a better piece of machine rather than a skate board or an airplane.”
In the middle of the trash mountain junk pile and further behind her friend Blackjack, toddler Nitrix continues to paddle the broken pink tinted tricycle but tires from the effort, screaming out loud with panic. “Wait for me! You’re mean and stupid, Blackjack. I’m coming too.” She continues to paddle the tricycle and flies through the air and tilts sideways slamming the front wheel into an upright object, landing down on top of the pile of metal with a scream. She exhales with frustration and looks up with confusion. “What was that?” She continues sit on the tricycle and ponders the object of dark black iron.
Further back on top of the pile of trash metal and away from Nitrix, toddler Googol reaches up and grabs the edge on the rear bumper that hangs from the sleek passenger train, dangling her tiny body from the rear compartment, pulling her toddler body onto the last step for a taller human. She slowly stands upright with a smile and wipes each dirty hand, climbing up each step, scooting up and slides down into the last bench seat with a big sigh of accomplishment and then a giggle. She waves both arms in the air and starts the magical power on the passenger train.
The train slowly lifts upward from the heap of scattered metal pieces and swiftly flies forward through the air waves, leaving the Trash Mountain. Of course, Googol cannot see the summit of gold while sitting in the rear compartment but she knows that the tall mountain is ahead of her. So, the train will crash-land on top of the gold mineral first, making her the winning gamer.
Further up and away from Googol and Nitrix, Blackjack stands on top of the metal pieces and waves both arms and a leg for fun. The metal particles part and reveal a horse which is made of hard solid white granite. She continues to wiggle her hips and her arms while biting her bottom lip. The object is very heavy and deeply buried down into the metal pieces.
The object slowly lifts up from its burial hole and hovers in the air, glittering in dull tinted white granite with numerous chips and palm-sized holes in the rock granite.
Blackjack bends her kneecap, leaps from the ground, and flies through the air, landing on the back spine of the granite horse. She wiggles her earlobes and her button nose with a giggle. The granite horse status is a replicate of Pegasus, the Roman flying horse with a pair of wings.
The white granite pair of wings both shiver and then start to flap in the opposites direction as the horse slowly flies forward from the junk pile of metal parts, leaving the Trash Mountain and soars through the air waves. Blackjack leans over and hugs the rock neck on the horse statue without falling off into a hologram death. She slowly speeds ahead and tries to catch up with the rows of flaying machines.
In the pale blue sky, the numerous rows of flying machines continue to steer towards the summit of gold on the opposite side of the valley reaching an altitude of one thousand feet in sky distance from Trash Mountain. Each teen on top of a pair of snow skis, a skate board, a pair of roller blades, a bicycle, a tricycle, a motorcycle or another light weight flying object swiftly descends down and head towards the deep flat valley of snakes and wild animals and then meet an individual hologram death without screaming.
Each light weight metal object does not possess the magical wind power to fly over the valley of death.
In the skyline, a new fleet of bronze colored and rusty looking drones slowly fly through the same air space toward the approaching rows of flying machines.
On top of the steel bridge, Caim gasps. “This is not good, not good…”
The musical song entitled Believer continues to sing out loud: Last things last/ By the grace of the fire and the flame/ You're the face of the future, the blood in my veins, oh-ooh/ The blood in my veins, oh-ooh/ But they never did, ever lived, ebbing and flowing/ Inhibited, limited/ Till it broke open and rained down/ And rained down, like/ Pain/ You made me a, you made a believer, believer/ Pain/ You break me down and me up, believer, believer/ Pain/ Oh, let the bullets fly, oh let them rain/ My life, my love, my drive, it came from/ Pain/ You made me a, you made me a believer, believer…
In the pale blue sky, the lavender colored mostly intact hang glider with the two male teens swiftly sails with ease side to side, moving through the natural air currents, heading toward the mountain peak where a flat summit of gold twinkles within the bright blinding sunlight. However, the bright sunlight also twinkles off rows and rows of bronze tinted drones that come to Trash Mountain, collecting individual parts to build individual robots. The hang glider slams into the first row and collides into the single drone of machine. The hang glider plane explodes in a plume of colorful flames as the two male teens scream out loud in laughter. The action destroys the flying machine and teens into a yellow, red, and blue firebomb.
The numerous perfect rows of flying metal drones continue forward without emotion but with purpose. The numerous semi-crooked rows of magical flying machines with a single teen gamer or a set of teen gamers are helpless to steer their individual flaying machine away from the on-going rows of metal drones. Then, the set of numerous machines nosily collides within the pale blue sky, creating numerous big and small colorful fireballs of both beauty and pain.
Within the LA Valley, on top of Trash Mountain, Caim closes her eyelashes and covers her eardrums still hearing the panic yells coming from each dying hologram gamer that pierces the air waves with fear.
The pale blue skyline roars with loud thunder of metal pain and then displays wavering horizontal rolls of color in pink, dark blue, deep orange, bright green, dark red, and pale yellow hue. When the colorful rows disappear and display the pale blue skyline again, three semi-crooked rows of flying machines remain and continue to magical glide toward the summit of twinkling gold.
The musical song entitled Believer ends without playing the musical notes or words.
Within the LA Valley, on top of Trash Mountain, Caim opens her eyelashes and gasps in sadness and surprise. A single semi-crooked row of low-flying drones approaches one of the center wooden platforms. She bounces up and down clapping with happiness. “That’s my ride! That’s for me. That’s my ride to the other side,” she spins around and dashes back down the hill, racing across the log steel bridge, and stops on top of a lonely wooden platform without a warehouse house, waving both arms at the single drone, “Kitty, kitty! Come over here, kitty! Hey, drone! Come to me! Come to your mama! I wanna ride you back to the summit of gold. Yeah, girl! I’m going to get there first.”  The single drone flies at a low level and then slows the speed, and halts over the wooden platform.
Caim dashes ahead with a smile and then slides down inside the empty basket, sitting on her kneecaps, swaying back and forth with a sneer. “Go, Drone! Go. Go. Go. Get to the gold first before the other teens. Then it is mine. It is all mine. No more studies. No more math calcs. No more. No more.” The single drone machine slowly steers back toward the mountain with Caim inside the basket.
In the pale blue bright skyline, a long semi-crooked row contains a single teen gamer or a set of teen gamers that have survived the flying rows of metal drones while slowly steering toward the mountain summit of gold.
The semi-crooked row of flying machines includes the 1941 World War Two fighter plane. The female teen inside the pilot seat lifts up from the floor with a smile and then loud cheers of happiness. Her flying machine has survived the explosion from the rows of drones, steering toward the summit of gold. She wiggles side to side and snaps her fingers.
A new musical song entitled Ride Like the Wind starts to sing out loud: It is the night/ my body’s weak/ I’m on the run/ no time to sleep/ I’ve got to ride/ ride like the wind/ to be free again.
Note: The musical song entitled Ride Like the Wind was performed by American singer and songwriter Christopher Cross in the year 1979.
The white tinted business jet plane steers through the scattered metal and colorful dust from the massive explosion. Decktow slowly stands upright with a smile and continues to wear the pair of anti-gravity boots, lifting both arms in the air with another victory, steering toward the summit of gold.
Decktow flies a several thousand feet in distance away from the next flying machine.
The 1972 damaged yellow colored ancient school bus continues to steer toward the summit of gold also without a set of wheels, an array of broken windows, and numerous brown looking rust spots over the dull yellow metal. Each teen rests on top of the dirty floor. Then each one slowly stands upright to see the summit of gold and cheers with their small victory over the fleet of flying drones and then morphs a mask over their face, including an animal or a smiley faces or a rainbow cloud or another silly object. One teen snaps their fingers.
A new musical song entitled Party Rock Anthem starts to sing out loud: Party rock is in the house tonight/ Everyone just have a good time/ And we gonna make you lose your mind/ We just wanna see ya, shake that…
The musical song entitled Party Rock Anthem was performed by singer Lauren Bennet and the musical group LAMFAO.
The 2044 super-large and super-long delivery vehicle survives. The rooftop is bent down into the cargo hole without any additional teen passengers. A single female teen is missing. Then she appears and wipes the sweat from a worried brow, steering toward the summit of gold.
The last flying machine is the 2022 bubble-top two-seater helicopter in dull tan hue wearing numerous small holes in the tan colored metal, a broken windshield of glass, and both missing doors. The female teen slowly stands upright inside the cockpit with a sneer and wipes off the dirt and dust from the explosion while rocking back and forth. The helicopter flies toward the summit of gold also.
Within the pale blue sky, a black tinted passenger train flies through the air waves and then pulls up beside the sailing bubble-top helicopter within the semi-crooked line, also steering toward the summit of gold. Inside the last compartment, Googol bounces up and down with sight blindness to the other flying machines, snapping her fingers with a giggle.
A new musical song entitled I Hear That Train a Comin’ starts to sing out loud: I hear that train a coming rolling around the bend/ I ain’t seen the sunshine since I don’t know when/ Well, I’m stuck in Folsom prison and time keeps dragging on/ While a train keeps a rolling down to San Antione…”
The musical song entitled I Hear That a Comin’ was performed by song and songwriter Johnny Cash in the year 1969.
The semi-crooked row of big and powerful flying machines swiftly approaches the summit of gold which is located on the mountainside and above the row of damaged houses on the UA Plateau.

On top of Trash Mountain, Nitrix wiggles in place with a giggle, feeling the rough, solid, hard surface underneath her two toddler naked feet. From the year 2021, a black tinted war battleship slowly rises up from the pile of scattered trash metals and then hovers in the air waves. Nitrix stands on top of the flat command bridge and faces the glittering golden summit with a smile. The war battleship flies forward in a sideway pose through the air waves and leaves Trash Mountain behind. Nitrix can see the rolling line of flying machine ahead and sneers with jealousy. She wants to be the first to arrive on top of the summit of gold to win the grand prize. She continues to sit and jerks her toddler body back and forth, which makes the heavy, long, and magical battleship soar faster through the air waves and roars like thunder in the clouds.
Further back within the trash pile and away from Nitrix, Sweetbriar stops and looks down with a smile, wiggling both arms above his bald mound. A pack of smashed race cars from the year 1984 slowly lifts up from the trash pile, where the ancient crash had melted the metal together into one flat lumpy object of bent metals, broken glass, and multi-colors of hue.
Sweetbriar leaps from the trash pile and lands inside the middle race car, slapping both hands together, starting the engine on each race car. The pod of cars flies off Trash Mountain and soars through the air waves, steering below the rows of flying machines. He shouts out loud, “To have or not to have!” He snaps his fingers.
A new musical entitled Poker Face starts to sing out loud: I wanna hold ‘em like they do in Texas plays/ Fold ‘em, let ‘em, hit me, raise it baby stay with me (I love it)/ Love Game intuition play the cards with spades to start/ And after he’s been hooked I’ll play the one that’s on his heart/ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh-oh-e-oh-oh-oh/ I’ll get him hot, show him what I’ve got/ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh-oh-e-oh-oh-oh/ I’ll get him hot, show him what I’ve got/ Can’t read my/ Can’t read my/ No, he can’t read my poker face (She’s got me like nobody)/ Can’t read my/ Can’t read my/ No, he can’t read my poker face (She is gonna let nobody)/ P-p-p-poker face, p-p-p-poker face (Muh, muh, muh, muh)/ P-p-p-poker face, p-p-poker face (Muh, muh, muh, muh)…
Note: The true musical song entitled Poker Face had been performed Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta and had been known as Lady Gage. She was an American singer, songwriter, and actress.
In the pale blue sky, on top of the war battleship, Nitrix continues to jerk back and forth and sails her magical flying machine ahead without proper direction. The loud roar of the thunder invades the air waves.
Each teen inside a flying machine stops dancing and then looks up toward the skyline with confusion. The sky is clear of clouds and bright blue in color with a yellow tinted blazing sun.
A pod of colorful smashed together race cars swiftly flies ahead and approaches the war battleship and as driver Sweetbriar gasps in alarm. The battleship is steering directly in his flight pathway for the summit of gold. He bounces up and down and as the pod of race cars slowly detach and drop down to the valley below. The middle race car with Sweetbriar leaps into the air and avoids the crash, dropping on top of the hard deck on the battleship, swiftly sailing across the hard surface and slides off the deck. His car descends down toward the UA Plateau. Sweetbriar screams in fear. “No. No. No. I’m going the wrong way. I need to up, up, up,” he jumps up and down over and over again.
In the pale blue sky, in the air waves, the approaching sideways posed black tinted war battleship plows ahead and crashes into the middle line of numerous flying machines creating a set of loud crashes, ear-piercing teenly screams, numerous plumes of pretty colorful smoke, and numerous large firebombs in pink, lavender, green and blue which represents an individual destroyed flying machine. The sailing battleship continues through the air wave and veers toward the UA Plateau directly into the row of damaged mud houses.
On top of the business jet plane, Decktow has survived the ship wreck within the air waves and then panics with alarm. The sideway battleship is heading toward the summit of gold first. He activates his bent mobile telephone on his wrist bone. “Nitrix, I see you. You’re flying toward the summit of gold.”
Nitrix sits down on top of the dark metal rooftop and hugs one of the tall tower poles on top of the war battleship’s command bridge, feeling the heat from the mobile telephone on her naked throat. She touches the warm button and shouts out loud with a sneer. “Hello! Who is calling me? Who is this?”
The voice of Decktow speaks in a tiny voice to her. “Nitrix, you are going to hit…”
“Yeah, I’m going to be the first one at the summit of gold.”
He sneers. “No. That’s not right.”
In the pale blue sky, behind the line of flying machine, a soaring single race car with driver Sweetbriar continues to fall downward and then roughly stops on top of a sagging rooftop of one of the damaged mud houses. He bounces side to side and screams out loud in fear but his body is not wounded or cut. He looks up to see the flying sideways battleship heading toward the summit of gold. “I’m too late. Another teen is going to grab the gold before me! I’m stuck here on the rooftop.”
In the air waves on top of the command bridge, Nitrix laughs and continues to hug the tower pole with a growl at Decktow. “Yes, yes, that is right, Decktow. Sit back and watch me win the go…going to hit…” She gasps in alarm, “Good bye, everyone! I’m not going to make it to the summit after all. I’ll see you on the other side. I love you.” The sideways war battleship slams into the invisible shield that surrounds the mountain summit, which encloses the piece of gold and then explodes into a big red, yellow, green, and blue fireball. Each burning piece of metal turns bright red and then swiftly descends down toward the valley floor, taking the dead hologram body of Nitrix with it.
Each teen gasps in alarm and then wiggles their body inside the flying machine, moving the machine toward the row of damaged mud houses, the true entrance into the mountainside to reach the summit of gold first.
On top of the saggy rooftop, inside the stationary race car, driver Sweetbriar tosses both arms into the air with a loud cheer, “Harrah! The summit of gold is surrounded by an invisible force field. Geez! I should have realized that first. Decktow did not tell us all the facts. Well, it doesn’t matter now. I’m the first one here at the UA Plateau. I have landed safely and current sat on rooftop underneath the undamaged Dark Room. Each Dark Room is located on the highest level within the house for good internet waves. I’m so happy. I’m going to win the slab of glittering gold first.” He slides out from the race car seat and carefully stands on top of the sagging rooftop, wiggling his body. His hologram body is not damaged. “Yes, yes, this is my day. I’m going to win the pot of gold. Now, I need to safely drop off the rooftop onto the soft grass.”

Inside the moving semi-crooked line of flying machines, in the fourth compartment within the black tinted passenger train, Googol stands upright on top of the bench seat with a smile and shakes her body side to side, back and forth, upside down for fun. Her flying machine gains speed and soars ahead from the rests of the flying machines, steering toward the row of damaged mud houses as she is still blind without seeing the air or the sky or the mountain. And she does not have the bent mobile telephone activated either for communication.
On top of the flying business white tinted business jet plane, Decktow taps the button on the bent mobile telephone and shouts out loud into the speaker box. “Whoever is flying that train? You need to listen. You are going to…”
The silent engine on the black passenger train crashes into the row of damaged houses, exploding into numerous large and small pieces of metal and pretty colorful fire sparkles. The rest of the compartment hit mountainside and creates a hole in the rock while searing apart from the collision. The fourth compartment flies ahead and enters the big hole inside the eighty-eighth damaged mud house and then halts.

In UA Plateau, the stationary row of damaged mud houses shake side to side. Sweetbriar tumbled forward toward the edge and then falls down from the rooftop in the air, reaching out with a cupped hand, grabbing the ledge on the second floor bathroom with a loud scream. He slowly climbs up and through the broken window, carefully standing upright on top of the damaged floor, shaking his head and body. His hologram body is still not damaged which is a requirement to continue the race for the grand prize. He sees the second floor level and the door knob to the Dark Room, slowly moving ahead, rubbing both of his hands with a smile. “Yes, yes, this is my day. I’m going to win the pot of gold.”

In the pale blue sky, the female teen inside the pilot seats smiles at the row of damaged mud houses below the mountainside. Now, she is going to be the first person into the Dark Room and then will beam her hologram body on top of the golden summit, winning it all. She lifts and twists her hand around and around and as the flying machine is magically and obeys her body movement. The war plane slowly circles around the air waves and then slowly descends down, landing on top of the flat, hard ground surface in the 1941 World War Two fighter plane in pale blue hue with a large jolt. The flying machine bounces up and down a couple of time without falling off the cliff side and then halts with stillness. She touches her dizzy head with worry and then jumps out from the pilot seat, dropping down onto the dirt with a smile, racing ahead with a laugh toward the first damaged mud house.

In the pale blue sky, on the rooftop of his flying jet plane machine, Decktow continues to stand on top of white tinted damaged business jet plane and gasps in shock. “My usual hot spot is occupied with an ancient war plane. No prob!” He clicks the anti-gravity power on each boot that has saved his body from flying off the machine and then jumps up and down on top of the rough metal. His body movements force the damaged jet plane down toward the ground at the same spot with the fighter plane.

Inside the eighty-eight damaged mud house, the fourth compartment on the black tinted passenger train rests on the second floor level in the house. The rest of the compartment consists of broken metal pieces that rest outside over the city street, in the tree limbs, and inside the other damaged mud houses. Toddler Googol slowly stands upright from the floor and shakes off the metal parts from her hologram body, which is not dead, but bleeding with patches of hologram blood. But she is able to move around which so qualifies her hologram character as an active gamer. She slowly limps over the broken floor and moves down each step, standing on top of the rough floor, staring at the door that leads into the Dark Room. She carefully moves ahead through the large chunks of rock and wood toward the Dark Room.

Inside the pale blue skyline, in the drone basket, Caim kneels down on the wire floor and sways her body back and forth, making her drone carriage fly faster. The drone speeds up the pace and flies away from the summit of gold and the UA Plateau. She understands clearly now.
Decktow has purposefully hidden all the true information. The summit of gold contains a force field around the miner. She should have known also.
Caim views the row of damaged mud houses in an alternating pattern of red and tan dried mud lines like Decktow had described before. So, each damaged mud house contains an intact Dark Room. The last row of houses has been destroyed by the runaway passenger train, where the reckless teen has steered the flying machine into the rock solid mountain side, which cannot be used to access the Dark Room.
Caim stands upright and crouches underneath the bronze belly on the large drone, hitting her hair roots with a lady sneer. “Go to the right! Go the right!” She orders the drone machine and leans over to her right side and as the drone ship slowly turns and head toward the row of damaged mud house. She quickly remembers that the sixty-first damaged mud house had contained an intact staircase. Caim doesn’t have the proper equipment to climb a rock of wall or the upper body strength like Decktow, but she can walk up a flight of stairs. She laughs and then gasps.
Decktow is diving down toward the flat surface that holds a World War II fighter plane. He circles the air waves and then faces the front of the fight plane.
She gasps in horror and then leans her upper body over the basket and as the drone carriage veers toward the flat plot of red tinted dirt.
Decktow continues to dive the sharp nose on the white tinted business jet plane towards the engine prop on the parked fighter plane and hits the object. The fighter plane jolts backwards from the jet plan while acting as a stop wall for the business jet plane and the fighter plane tumbles down and falls off the cliff. The business jet plane slowly stops and stands on top of the flat ground instead. Decktow jumps up and down on the rooftop of the ground jet plane with his victory.
The drone carriage flies from behind the back spine on Decktow and hits the teen male in the back spine. Decktow rolls off the rooftop and leans on top of the glass windshield without moving in a semi-unconscious state of mind.
Caim falls back down into the basket floor with a laugh and then swiftly stands upright, leaning over the basket rim again with a smile, yelling out loud. “Did that hurt, Decktow? I hope not. I hope you have a nice sleep as I am going to get to the golden summit before you, buddy.” The drone continues to fly toward the right side and passes the row of damaged houses.
She counts out loud. “Thirty-two…Forty…Forty-five…Fifty…Fifty-six…” She pulls her upper body back into the basket and then jumps up and down on top of the bottom wires, “Land here! Land here, stupid drone! Go down! Get down to the ground right now!”
The drone slowly descends and then crashes down on top of the hard pavement, falling sideways. Caim struggles to free her body from the twisted cable lines and then stands upright on top of the damaged pavement, jumping up and down with excitement. She is here and alive without a hologram death. She spins around and dashes toward one of the damaged houses, looking for a safe entrance point.

On top of the jet’s semi-broken windshield, Decktow violently shakes awake with a gasp and slowly sits upright at his fit waistline, touching the big bumpy bruise on the back of his skull. He still wears the scarf and the sunglasses, removing the sunglasses with confusion. “What happened?” He gasps in panic. “The Dark Room, the summit of gold, I gotta get to the Dark Room first,” he slides off the nose of the business jet plane and slowly dashes ahead with a dizzy headache toward the thirteenth damaged mud house and stops. He squats down and enters through the small crawl house, standing upright from the floor, scanning the room. No other teen is here. 
Decktow is not surprised. Toddler Nitrix took out the row of other teens on top of a flying machine when her speeding airborne ancient blue tinted battleship sideswiped the row of unlucky teens. Decktow is lucky to have survived that ship wreck.
Inside the interior of the damaged mud house, he moves ahead with a laugh and reaches down, pulling out his pair of gloves and then stops. “I only have one glove. The other one is missing. It must’ve fallen down when I crashed-landed on top of the grass.” He looks up to view the wall of jagged rock and broken lumber wooden pieces with a deep sigh, “All right! I get my hologram body cut up for extra-large piece of gold.” He rips off the scarf and ties around the naked hand without a protection glove and dons the glove, running ahead, leaping from the tiles and lands on the side of the rock wall. His naked chest is bleeding from a set of small cut wounds but he continues to climb over the jagged rocks to reach the second floor level with heavy grunts of pain.

In front of the first damaged mud house, the World War II unnamed teen pilot finds a tree limb and finishes breaking out the busted glass window on the side of the house, slowly climbing with the tree limb inside the room with a gasp. The interior of the living room is damaged. The walking staircase is damaged. The second floor level is intact, where the Dark Room stands in silence. She tosses the tree limb and moves ahead with a sneer. “I am getting into that Dark Room one way or another,” she stops and stretches upright, grabbing both naked hands onto the jagged rocks, slowly climbing over the wall of rock with a set of gritted teeth.

In the pale blue skyline, Blackjack wiggles her toddler body side to side. Her granite horse statue flies toward the row of damaged mud houses. Her first enemy Decktow and her ex-friend and second enemy Caim have landed down first onto the damaged pavement and then both dashed toward one of the damaged houses. Blackjack doesn’t have much time left.
Blackjack maneuvers the winged horse statue toward the side view on the thirty-third damaged mud house. Each mud house contains a side of glass window to view the rear yard of each neighbor. She plows the nose of the horse statue through the intact window glass, breaking it into tiny pieces, back flying the horse from the impact. The glass window collapses down onto the grass and the interior tiles.
She flies the granite horse through the newly created opening and enters into the living room setting, steering her flying machine up and lands on top of the second floor level. She slides off the back spine on the granite horse and lands on her fanny with a soft scream. She slowly stands and moves ahead with a smile toward the Dark Room door. 
She stops and jumps up from the floor, grabbing the shiny door knob. The Dark Room is used by older children, teenagers, young, mature, and elderly adults, not a three-year-old toddler.
Blackjack continues to hang into the door knob and twists her body side to side, trying to open the closed Dark Room door with heavy grunts of frustration.

Inside the fourth damaged mud house, Sweetbriar stops and reaches out, grabbing the door knob with a smile, opening the metal. The Dark Room is intact just as Decktow had told.
Sweetbriar enters inside the room when each overhead lamp illuminates with light. He stops and strips off the brown walking shorts and pair of soft boots, standing in the nude with a chuckle.
Sweetbriar could place the Dark Room jumpsuit over his sweaty clothes but any type of hologram clothing interferes with another piece of hologram clothing. That is why a hologram character can change and wear only one hologram outfit at a time.
He leans down and snatches up the black tinted jumpsuit, dressing quickly with a laugh. He slowly moves ahead toward the single, curved metal chair on the far side of the Dark Room with a smile. “Yes, I’m heading toward the finish line. I didn’t believe Decktow and his unbelievable story until almost the end of the game. But I’m glad that he selected the Teenly Wasteland hologram game now as I am going to win the pot of gold.”

Inside the thirteenth damaged mud house, Decktow slaps a bloody scarfed covered hand onto the smooth second floor level and slowly pulls his body over the smooth tile, swiftly standing upright with pain and worry. He moves ahead toward the closed metal door and rips off the glove and the scarf, tossing down on the tile floor. He dances side to side removing the pair of running shorts and pair of boots stopping in front of the closed metal door in the nude with a smile. He reaches out and touches the door knob with a smile, opening the door with a smile, seeing an intact Dark Room.

Inside the sixty-sixth damaged mud house, Caim stops and squats down in front of the damaged house, slowly crawling through a small hole in the front door with a set of short staccato grunts, slowly standing upright on top of an even floor inside a semi-darken interior room. The interior living room setting kisses a collapsed rooftop. She turns and smiles at the intact staircase, running ahead, climbing up each step with a giggle of delight. “Yay! Me! I’m going to be the first one to reach the Dark Room and then the first one to beam up and then down on top of the summit of gold, dancing to my victory of richness. Decktow is still climbing that hard wall of jagged rocks and stones and lumber splitters, getting cut on his hologram body. Yes, then his hologram body will blood out and then terminate, letting me the single winner. And I don’t have to share with anyone but my family members. And everyone else has experienced a hologram death. Poor Nitrix, she tried and failed and died a hologram death.” She stomps onto the second floor level and dashes ahead toward the closed metal door, slamming into the closed door with a giggle. She back steps with a gasp and opens the door, revealing an intact Dark Room. She dashes ahead as the overhead lamps illuminate with power. She laughs. “Decktow is right and is not here. I’m going to win the grand prize, all alone.”
Caim enters the room and leans down, snatching up the black jumpsuit, undressing her body and exposes her nakedness in the cold air. She hops one naked foot at a time and rapidly dresses in the jumpsuit, dashing ahead toward the single, curved, black tinted chair at the front of the black tinted forward wall inside the Dark Room.

Inside the thirty-third damaged mud house, Blackjack opens the metal door and then tumbles down onto the hard floor, swiftly standing upright, dashing inside on pair of her short, toddler legs. The overhead lamps ignite in power. She reaches down near the doorway and grabs, dragging the black tinted jumpsuit over the metal floor behind her toddler butthole and rushes toward the single, curved, black tinted metal chair with teenly panic. She has to climb into the metal chair and wear the black jumpsuit at the same time. Else, she and the Dark Room will not connect.

Inside the first damaged mud house, the World War II unnamed teen pilot slams a bloody hand onto the floor and then climbs onto the second floor level, slowly standing upright, breathing heavy from her body wounds. She slowly moves ahead and reaches out, touching the door knob. The door opens and reveals an intact Dark Room. “I’m almost there.” She enters inside where the overhead lamps illuminate with bright light. She trips over her two naked feet with a giggle and leans down, falling on top of the black jumpsuit. She slowly stands upright and strips off the brown dress, swiftly dressing in a hurry and misses one of the sleeves, slowly strolling toward the single, curved, metal chair.

Inside the eighty-eighth damaged mud house, Googol stops in front of the door and leaps up from the floor, grabbing the stationary shiny door knob, swinging her body in circular motion in the air with a giggle. The metal door clicks open and then swings outward from the archway. She falls down on the floor and then swiftly stands upright with a smile, dashing on her short, toddler legs inside the Dark room. The overhead lights illuminate and reveals an intact Dark Room. Googol reaches down and grabs the black tinted jumpsuit from the floor, dashing ahead with a smile, dragging the jumpsuit behind her toward the single, curved, metal chair.

Inside the thirteenth damaged mud house on the second floor level, inside the Dark Room, Sweetbriar wears the solid black tinted jumpsuit and stops with a smile, standing beside the single, curved, black tinted metal chair. He reaches out and touches the smooth curved metal with a smile, admiring the beauty of the sophisticated computer devise that will propel his hologram body on top of a slab of solid gold. No other teen has advanced this far into one of the other damaged mud houses. He inhales and then exhales, bathing in his thrill of victory.

Inside the fourth damaged mud house, on the second floor level, inside the Dark Room, Decktow wears the solid black tinted jumpsuit and races across the metal floor towards the single, curved metal chair.

Inside the thirteenth damaged mud house, beside his metal chair, Sweetbriar coughs out loud from inhaling too many air molecule and then laughs out loud with amusement. He slides down into the metal char.

Inside the fourth damaged mud house, Decktow slides over the floor and slips down into the metal chair with a smile and an evil laugh of his upcoming victory.

Inside each Dark Room, the overhead lamps flicker off. Both Sweetbriar and Decktow gasps in shock.
In the thirteenth damaged mud house, within the private Dark Room inside the metal chair, Decktow sneers. “It’s part of the game.”
Inside the fourth damaged mud house, within the private Dark Room inside the metal hair, Sweetbriar laughs. “O! This is part of the game.”
An individual golden color button flashes onto the arm panel inside each metal chair in the darkness.
Decktow reaches down and presses the button. “Go!”
“Gold!” Sweetbriar touches the button with a smile.

Inside the first damaged mud house, the World War II unnamed teen pilot reaches the black metal chair and slides down with a smile. “I am here. I made it. I was the first flying machine to land and the first teen inside the mud house.” The overhead lamps flicker off. She gasps and then giggles. “O! That’s clever and scary!” She looks down and sees the bright golden button. “O!  A gold button for the gold,” she reaches out and misses the button.

Inside the sixty-sixth damaged mud house, in the Dark Room, Caim slides down into the metal chair with a smile. The overhead lamps flicker off. She gasps with shock, seeing a golden tinted button on the arm console in the metal chair. She slaps the button with a laugh. “I win it all, ya’ll.”

In the thirty-third damaged mud house within the Dark Room, toddler Blackjack stands beside the metal chair and tosses the black jumpsuit up into the curved seat. She quickly undresses her toddler clothing and stands in the nude, climbing up into the chair and slides down on top of the black jumpsuit. Then the overhead lamps flicker off. She yells out loud in panic. “No. No. No. Turn the bright lights back one. I can’t see my jumpsuit. The room is pitch black inside the Dark Room.” She stands upright on top of the jumpsuit and fiddles with the fabric while trying to slide her tiny, naked body inside the open neck with annoyance. “Yes, I can do this. Yes, I can do this. Yes, I can do this.”

Inside the first damaged mud house, the World War II unnamed female teen pilot reaches out for the button and misses again with a sigh. “What’s wrong here? The button is glowing in gold tint. It’s located right there on the arm panel. Press it!” She leans over and holds her palm over the glowing button.

Inside the eighty-eighth damaged mud house, Googol reaches the metal chair and flips the black colored jumpsuit into the seat, climbing up the side, sitting down with a smile. The overhead lamps shut off. She screams out loud and then laughs. “That was scary! You’re bad, Hologram Master.” She stands upright and leans back into the chair. “O! How cute! Lookie! There’s a glowing button in the color of gold for me. I made it. I’m the first one to reach the Dark Room which shows a golden button for the summit of gold.” She leans over and presses the golden color button with a giggle.
Nothing happens.
Googol leans back with a frown in the dark and frowns at the golden button. “What’s wrong here? The golden button should have launched my hologram body on top of the summit of gold. But the button is still glowing. And I am still here. What is wrong?” She slaps both hands onto her naked body with a laugh. “O! I’m naked. I can’t enter the Dark Room with my naked toddler body. I need to wrap in the jumpsuit around my nakedness for the golden button to work. Silly me!” She squats down and wiggles her naked body into the opening of the jumpsuit with a giggle.

Inside the first damaged mud house, the World War II unnamed female teen pilot presses her hand down on top of the button and stills misses it, gasping in alarm. “What is the issue here? What is wrong here? The button is glowing in gold tint. It is located right there on the arm panel. Press it!” She leans over and hovers both of her palms over the button.

Inside the thirty-third damaged mud room, in the Dark Room, the golden button continues to glow within the darkness. Blackjack wiggles down into the open jumpsuit and covers her naked, tiny toddler body, slowly standing upright with great difficulty, leaning over the arm console, slamming the button with a covered hand. Then her teenage mind explodes into an array of bright colors and loud sounds within the Dark Room.

Inside the eighty-eighth damaged mud room, in the Dark Room, the golden button continues to glow within the darkness. Googol wiggles the black tinted jumpsuit over her naked, tiny toddler body and then slowly stands upright with great difficulty, leaning over the arm console, slamming the button with her hand. Nothing happens. She frowns and continues to stare at the golden button. “What is wrong now?” She slaps her naked face with her naked hand, feeling her tender skin, seeing the light hue on her naked hand within the darkness, laughing out loud. “O! I’m still not dressed in the black jumpsuit.” She wraps her naked hand into the fabric and then leans down, reaching for the golden button with a smile.
Then the golden button turns into black hue and does not glow with faint light.
Googol gasps with alarm. “What happened to the button? It’s not glowing in gold tint anymore. What is wrong now? Someone tell me. I can’t see anything but darkness inside the Dark Room,” she starts to cry like a two-year-old toddler. “I want my mommie.”

Inside the first damaged mud house, the World War II unnamed female teen pilot presses both of her palms over the glowing button, missing the button again. Both of her hands fly through the steel metal on the chair. Her body slowly fades without light inside the Dark Room. She gasps in shock. “O no! My hologram body has sustained some bad injuries are too severe. That’s why my hand couldn’t touch the metal button. I am fading. I am dying. I am a dead hologram character. Good bye, cruel world!” Her hologram body fades into black darkness and as her teenly mind returns back into the island resort Dark Room.

Then Gamer Blackjack materializes inside a new smooth black metal chair and wiggles side to side with excitement, wearing her black tinted jumpsuit, tossing both arms in the air and shouts out loud. “I am…”
“…not alone, Blackjack, darling! I can’t see you in here, but I realize your alto voice, sweetheart,” Sweetbriar laughs inside a second black metal chair and wears a black tinted jumpsuit also, studying a solid wall of blackness within a semi-dark room.
Caim sits inside a third metal chair and tosses both arms in the air, wearing his black tinted jumpsuit, facing a wall of dark glass and shouts out loud with confusion, “What the…”
“…fudge is going on here?” Decktow completes the sneer and sits inside a fourth black metal chair in the semi-darkness room, wearing his black tinted jumpsuit, facing a wall of glass also.
The overhead lamps illuminate into brightness.
Each teen blinks a pair of eyelids open and then shut, shading a pair of sensitive eyeballs.
“Hey! Hey! I’m back to a normal teenager with my normal body, not a toddler figure anymore. Why did that happen? How did that happen? Are we still playing within the Teenly Wasteland hologram game? Where am I located? What is this place?” Blackjack looks down and touches her body, returning back to see the wall of dark glass, looking down at her naked feet.
Caim turns and scans the next glass wall but can’t see any of her friends. “Where are we located at?”
Sweetbriar surveys the room and then looks down with a smile, shuffling his feet out from the jumpsuit, touching the smooth floor surface with a laugh. “Well, I have a plate of gold underneath my feet. So, it is so obvious to me. I have arrived here first and won the gold that stands below my feet. Each one of you came in last. As a winner wins, the others are losers and come in last, next too last, and then next to, too last...”
“I have a set of gold plates underneath my feet, too, Sweetbriar.” Blackjack looks down and smiles at the gold. “Does this mean that each one of us receives the gold like in fourths or something?”
Caim looks down and frowns at the gold. “What happened to the rest of the teens from the LA Valley? I saw lots of flying machine deadly crash and then explode creating a set of colorful air waves.”
Decktow looks down and smiles at the golden floor. “The other teens have experienced a hologram death. Each dead teen is not allowed back into the Teenly Wasteland hologram game until tomorrow morning.”
Sweetbriar frowns. “What time is it right now, anyways? We have almost wasted the entire day,” he gasps. “O no! The hologram game will end at midnight. I want my gold, before the day and the game ends. So, what happens next in here, Decktow?”
Decktow turns and frowns at the side wall of glass. “This must be another part of the hologram game. I’ve never been this far into the program. I didn’t know where we are. But it looks like we are sitting inside a metal chair inside another Dark Room to me.”
Caim shakes her curls with a sour frown. “I don’t believe this. I think we lost. I think each one of us is dead.”
“No, we are alive inside a metal chair. I made it through all the air crashes and into the Dark Room inside one of the mud houses. I pressed the golden button and materialized here.” Sweetbriar frowns.
A set of four metal chairs sit on top of a square shaped floor in golden hue. The square shaped room is semi-dark with a four walls of dark glass.
“This is the largest Dark Room in the world,” Caim stares at the walls.
A panel slide open in the middle of the golden floor. Mr. Maker slowly lifts up from the underground tunnel and wears a smile. “Hello! I am Mr. Maker. But you know that. You cannot twist the chair around to see me. But you do not know that. And you cannot twist your face to see me either. So, please, do not try to do either. Just please sit still and listen to the new hologram game instructions. Congratulations! Each teen has successful crossed literally the teenly wasteland land and poisonous ponds and sinkholes of snake and now resides inside the depths of the mountain rock. You are located right above the slab of gold on top of the mountain summit. Here, you have guessed properly also. This is a Dark Room, where you will fight over the slab of gold. Else, you can exit the hologram game and then your metal chair will drop down into the tunnel. Then your teenly mind will return back to the island resort Dark Room space.”
“No” Sweetbriar frowns. “I stay and play.”
“I stay and fight.” Blackjack laughs.
“I stay and win,” Decktow smiles.
“I stay too.” Caim exhales with annoyance and worry. She wants to win the gold as she has traveled so far, but this hologram game is taxing on her neurons and her emotions.
Mr. Maker continues to sit in the middle of the floor with a smile and rotates around to see the back spine on each teen, “Four excellent answers! We have four new gamers. Now, in front of your face, there is a familiar black screen, which is your venue of play. You will select a structure building as your fortress, where you will execute your battle strategies for the slab of gold. This particular hologram game has unlimited capabilities regarding the selection process for buildings, wardrobe clothing, and war toys. However, you are still a hologram image, who is not a superhero with a set of superhero abilities. If you try to leap from your building window, you will die a hologram death and not be able to grab the gold either. Rather you are the king or the queen inside your command tower that sends out all kingly or queenly battle troops and the armed tanks for upcoming battle for the gold. Once you have created a set of war toys and then abused and used all the set of war toys, you cannot create the same set of toys again. That defeats the point of creativity and fun here inside the hologram game. So, the ultimate goal is to eliminate the other three gamers, before one of them terminates you. The last gamer to survive this battle war wins the entire slab of gold which is worth one trillion dollars. I do believe that is a nice sum for a teenly retirement,” he laughs and clears a throat. “Does everyone understand me?”
Caim nods at the wall. “Yes.”
Decktow smiles at the wall, “Yes sir.
Blackjack grins at the wall, “Yeah.”
“I’m ready to go battle,” Sweetbriar smiles at his wall of glass.”
“Four excellent responses again!” Mr. Maker smiles. “This hologram game is fast paced with swift action. The hologram game will continue until each set of war toys are gone. However, if all four gamers remain, then each one of you is a loser. The slab of gold will ever be split or shared here. I do believe that goes an extra ump into the game. There is only one winner and three losers. One winner for the gold.”
Inside his metal chair, Sweetbriar wiggles side to side with a sour frown. “I arrived into the black hole first. I want my gold right now! I want out of this chair. I demand…”
Two individual panels slide open on top of the golden floor and lift up two individuals that wear a dark green uniform with a black tinted net over the face and holds a rifle barrel at the ceiling, not at Sweetbriar. 
Next to the other three metal chairs, a pair of guards rises up from the floor and stands beside each gamer in silence.
In the middle of the floor, Mr. Maker frowns. “Silence, Gamer Sweetbriar! Else, you make exit the game. This is a pair of personal body guard during the game. You see, I have lots of experience with teens and their moody attitudes.” He smiles. “Now, to be fair, each gamer has the same number of weapons and soldiers and devises and objects which will be located within their newly created fortress or castle or temple or structure to compete and complete the hologram fight. However, the gamer will not be able to acquire an individual deadly weapon for their personal gain or use or abuse against their person or another gamer.”
Caim frowns at the glass wall. “I don’t understand. What does that mean?”
Sweetbriar continues to sit and stare at each personal guard with a gun. “That means, I can’t kill you with my bare hands or my club or my knife, Caim. There, I must defeat you and the other gamers with my smart neurons inside the hologram game.”
Mr. Maker nods. “Gamer Sweetbriar is correct again and must be a very good game player.”
Sweetbriar nods to the glass wall. “Yes, I am. Yes, I win. Yes, I will win the gold. So, watch me work!” He laughs.
Mr. Maker nods. “You must use your wits, your smart neurons, your organizational skills, and your body movement to release each one of your battle toys. This is a game of skill, not strength. This is an arena of gold, not blood. This is the imagination of each gamer against the creativity of the other ones. If one gamer sends out, for example, a basket of poison apples to each gamer and the other three gamers stupidly munches one of the poisoned apples, then that gamer will win the game, after the other three gamer die from the food poisoning. However, if one of the gamers sends out a flock of deadly flying wasps to sting the face on the other three gamers, the flock of wasps will not return back and attack the sending gamer. Also, I mention before that each gamers receives an equal allotment of weapons, soldiers, and objects to use during the battle for the slab of real gold as the grand prize. And the gamer cannot materialize the same weapon or soldier or object. Also, the gamer cannot materialize another exhausted weapon or soldier or object. For example, if the gamer fires a bow and arrow at their opponent gamer, when the bow and arrow has been destroyed, then the same gamer and the opponent gamer cannot recreate the same bow and arrow weapon. This is the level of sophistication within the hologram program that each gamer must quickly master or not master. This is the final game within the Teenly Wasteland which you now understand the hidden term. So, the gamer with the most toys wins,” he laughs. “Have you ever heard the expression?”
Sweetbriar turns and stares at each personal body guard with a sneer, “Yeah! But you told it wrong. The person with the most toys wins the game. Here, each one of us must use all of our hologram toys to kill the other gamer without depleting our weapon stores inside each command structure and then that gamer will win the game.”
Mr. Maker nods. “Gamer Sweetbriar is correct. Each gamer must utilize their arsenal of toys to try and eliminate the other gamer opponents. So, the opposite meaning is true. At the end of it all, the only gamer standing wins the gold. Now, please close your eyeballs and materialize your fortress or building inside the dark glass in front of your face. This is one reason why you cannot move your head to see another dark glass wall. Then you mind would occupy two glass screams.”
Decktow gasps, “Really! Can that really happen? That mind could occupy two glass walls with two different hologram games.”
“The human mind is very talented and underutilized. Why not, Gamer Decktow?”
“Yeah, why not!” Decktow laughs.
“Gamers, please, select your fortress building,” Mr. Maker smiles.
Decktow continues to sit in the metal chair and creates a large battleship in red hue on top of dark blue colored ocean water. The battleship faces sideways with six levels. Each level holds a dark hole, where a single gun barrel points outward at the battlefield.
Mr. Maker smiles, “An ocean ship would be very hard to attack inside the water.”
Decktow also creates a pod of gray colored sharks that swim around the battleship, chewing on bloody dead fish.
Mr. Maker laughs. “And a pod of sea creatures does enjoy the hologram flesh and blood. Let me warn all of you here! The law of hologram physics applies here inside an augmented reality. The pod of sharks cannot swim out from the wet water and attack a person on top of the dry land for any reason. Only if one of the characters enters the water, then the creature attack and then kill. Please continue with the design buildings.”
Sweetbrier continues to sit and creates a tall ziggurat structure that contains four sides that rise toward a single tower. Each long step on each side of the building projects a row of tall spikes.”
Mr. Maker laughs. “No one would dare to fight against a pointy spike. Very good, Gamer Sweetbriar!”
Caim continues to sit inside her metal chair and creates a medieval princess castle in the colors of pink, pale blue, mint green, pale yellow with numerous tiered level of floor. Each level contains a closed door that hides her array of weapons.
Blackjack continues to sit inside her metal chair and creates a gigantic tan colored hairy elephant with a set of black colored pointy tusks on each side of its mouth. On top of the back spine on the elephant, a large weaved hut stands and slightly wiggles side to side when the gigantic elephant sways side to side without moving forward as it is trapped inside the hologram game.
Mr. Maker spins around and smiles. “Gamer Gorse has selected an excellent building that can easily shimmer or shake or shift or shuffle side to side from her three enemies rather than a brick and mortar structure.”
Sweetbriar frowns at his building. “Who is Gorse?”
“That’s my real name, sweetbriar!” Gorse, who is Blackjack, frowns at her elephant. “Why did you use my real name, Mr. Maker?”
He smiles at Gorse. “In case, you win the slab of gold. A real name is needed for the electronic paperwork.”
“All right! That’s a good reason to use my real name.” Gorse laughs.
Caim frowns at the pretty princess castle. She might not win the game and collect the gold, but wishes that her parents could see her gamer accomplishment today. “I wish my parents were watching me and this hologram game.”
“Your wish is my command.” Mr. Maker smiles and waves a hand in-between each building on each glass wall, numerous rows of seats appear. Inside each seat, a body with a face appears. “This is an audience of peers, foes, friends, families, and guests. When a set of gamers reaches this far, the internet waves invite a person to eyewitness the final defeat or win.”
Caim frowns. “Ya know, he’s not a nice person.”
Mr. Maker smiles, “Each person will be able to see the entire war process proceed until the end. You make create your own costume for the last hologram game right now.”
Decktow frowns. “What happens if no one wins the game, Mr. Maker?”
Mr. Maker nods. “The hologram game will continue until one gamer reaches the slab of gold. If one gamer here completes that feat, then the Teenly Wasteland game will be retired.”
Caim creates a pretty princess dress with a long fluffy skirt and a strapless bodice in the colors of mint green, pink, pale blue, and pale yellow that matches her princess castle. She wears a pair of yellow elbow length gloves and a large tiara in shiny diamonds on her brown hair roots, a diamond necklace around her naked throat.
Decktow morphs the black tinted jumpsuit into a set of green, tan, and black military clothes with a pair of black colored boots. His pair of guards turns and nods to Decktow with approval.
Sweetbriar creates a feather headdress, a quilted chest armor of soft fabric in neon colors, a solid blue long skirt, and a pair of naked feet and around his naked throat, a ring of colorful flowers. 
Gorse morphs her black tinted jumpsuit into an orange colored bikini-type outfit with a matching thorny crown, a pair of matching thigh-high boots, and a long matching cape over both collar bone.
Inside the square shaped room, each glass wall contains a colorful object beside each object, numerous rows of chairs hold an individual body that is not heard, but seen. In the middle of the room, Mr. Maker nods with approval. “The game scene is ready. The audience is ready. And the four players are ready. Go!”
The overhead lamps flicker off and then create a new Dark Room.
Inside his metal chair exits first, Gamer Sweetbriar materializes on top of an orange and brown tinted stone floor inside the tower on top of his emerald green rock colored ziggurat building, wearing his Aztec warrior outfit and dances around the floor, snapping his fingers with a smile.
A new musical song entitled I’m Too Sexy starts to sing out loud: I’m too sexy for my love/ Too sexy for my love/ Love’s going to leave me/ I’m too sexy for my shirt/ Too sexy for my shirt/ So sexy it hurts/ And I’m too sexy for Milan/ Too sexy for Milan/ New York and Japan/ I’m too sexy for your party/ Too sexy for your party/ No way I’m disco dancing/ Cause, I’m a model, you know what I mean/ And I do my little turn on the catwalk/ Yeah, on the catwalk/ On the catwalk, yeah/ I shake my little tush on the catwalk/ I’m too sexy for my car/ Too sexy for my car/ Too sexy by far/ And I'm too sexy for my hat/ Too sexy for my hat/ What do you think about that?/ Cause I’m a model, you know what I mean/ And I do my little turn on the catwalk/ Yeah, on the catwalk / On the catwalk, yeah/ I shake my little tush on the catwalk/ Too sexy for my/ Too sexy for my/ Too sexy for my/ Cause I’m a model, you know what I mean/ And I do my little turn on the catwalk/ Yeah, on the catwalk/ On the catwalk/ Yeah, I shake my little tush on the catwalk/ Too sexy for my cat/ Too sexy for my cat/ Poor pussy/ Poor pussy cat/ I'm too sexy for my love/ Too sexy for my love/ Love’s going to leave me/ And I’m too sexy for this song..
Note: The true musical song entitled I’m Too Sexy was performed by the musical group Right Said Fred in the year 1992 and the songwriters were listed as Christopher Abbott Fairbrass, Richard Peter Fairbrass, and Robert Francis Anthony Manzoli.
Caim exits her metal chair next and appears standing inside the top level of her princess castle in front of a console panel which viewing the closed window without seeing the ground of grass and trees below. She wiggles her hand. The closed plate on silver metal over the window drops down and reveals the ground with groves of trees and manicured grass, beaming of bright sunlight shine down over the soil. She snaps her fingers with a smile.
A new musical song entitled Dancing Queen starts to sing out loud: You can dance/ You can jive/ Having the time of your life/ See that girl/ Watch that scene/ Dig in the dancing queen/ Friday night and the lights are low/ Looking out for a place to go/ Where they play the right music/ Getting in the swing/ You come to look for a king/ Anybody could be that guy/ Night is young and the music’s high/ With a bit of rock music/ Everything is fine/ You’re in the mood for a dance/ And when you get the chance/ You are the dancing queen/ Young and sweet/ Only seventeen/ Dancing queen/ Feel the beat from the tambourine…
Note: The musical song entitled Dancing Queen was performed by the musical band ABBA in the year 1976.
Decktow exits his metal chair next and stands on top of the metal floor inside the bridge on the war battleship, looking out the open window, seeing the grove of trees and pods of flowers with puzzlement, “Now what? What do I do next?” He snaps his fingers.
A new musical song entitled Pontoon starts to sing out loud: Back this hitch up into the water/ Untie all the cables and rope/ Step onto the Astroturf/ Get yourself a coozie/ Let’s go/ Who said anything about skiing/ Floating is all I wanna do/ You can climb the ladder/ Just don’t rock the boat while I barbeque/ On the pontoon/ Making waves and catching rays up on the roof/ Jumping out the back, don’t act like you don’t want to/ Party in slow motion/ Out here in the open/ Mm, motor-boating…”
Note: The true musical song entitled Pontoon was performed by the country musical group Little Big Town in the year 2011. The members of the band include Karen Fairchild, Kimberly Roads Schlapman, Jimi Westbrook, and Phillip Sweet.
On top of the golden floor, Gorse leaves out from her metal chair last and then appears on top of the wooden plank, slipping sideways during the individual steps from the moving giant elephant and falls down on top of the floor with a sour frown. “Yeah, this was a great idea, Blackjack!” She stands upright with a grunt and moves ahead, leaning out the window, snapping her fingers.
A new musical song entitled American Ride starts sing out loud: Winter getting colder, summer getting warmer/ Tidal wave coming cross the Mexican border/ Why buy a gallon, it's cheaper by the barrel/ Just don’t get busted singing Christmas carols/ That’s us, that’s right/ Gotta love this American ride/ Both ends of the ozone burning/ Funny how the world keeps turning/ Look ma, no hands/ I love, this American ride/ Gotta love this American ride/ Momma gets her rocks off watching Desperate Housewives/ Daddy works his ass off paying for the good life/ Kids on the YouTube learning how to be cool/ Living in a cruel world, it pays to be a mean girl…
Note: A true musical song entitled American Ride was released in the year 2009 and performed by Toby Keith Covel or Toby Keith, who was an American singer, songwriter, actor and record producer. The musical song American Ride was written by Joe West and Dave Pahanish.
Inside the hologram game, within the princess castle, Cain slaps both gloves down onto her pretty long gown and frowns down at the pretty ground below. “What am I supposed to do now?”
Inside the weaved hut on top of the giant elephant, Gorse slowly stands upright and moves ahead, leaning over the open window, staring down at the grove of shade trees and the manicured grass with a laugh. “Well, the greenery scenery is pretty, but I am not. I think my pets need a new home,” she waves her hand. From the tan colored desert sands, rows of gray tinted mice scurry over the grass and then split apart, dashing toward the lowered ramp on the battleship, the bottom step on the tall ziggurat, and the hidden dungeon on the princess castle. She laughs. “If my nest of nasty gray mice is successful, then the set of rodents will attack and eat the eyeballs outta of each teen. Then I will the game and the slab of gold.” She dances around the room and continues to hear her theme song.
A new musical song entitled Three Blind Mice starts to sing out loud: Three blind mice/ See how they run/ See how they run/ They all ran after the farmer’s wife/ Who cut off their tails with a carving knife/ Did you ever see such a sight in your life/ As three blind mice…
Inside the hologram game, in tall ziggurat, on top of stone tower floor, Sweetbriar dances toward the window and gasps in shock. “Gorse is a very smart teen and an equal gamer. A tiny mouse will be able to climb upon each step and move in-between each spike, coming to attack my face and my body as I do not possess a personal weapon inside this stupid hologram game. Well, I go fix that.” He waves his hand in the air. A litter of colorful mature cats appears on each green colored rock step. Each one leaps into the air and then lands down in the grass, attacking and eating each mouse.
A new musical song entitled What’s New Pussycat? starts to play out loud: What’s new pussycat whoa/ What’s new pussycat whoa oh/ Pussycat, pussycat, I’ve got flowers/ And lots of hours to spend time with you/ So, go and powder your cute little pussycat nose/ Pussycat, pussycat, I love you, yes, I do/ You and your pussycat nose/ What’s new pussycat whoa/ What’s new pussycat whoa, oh, oh…
Note: The true musical song entitled What’s New pussycat? had been performed singer Tom Jones in the year 1965. Sir Thomas John Woodward was also known by his stage name Tom Jones, who was a Welsh singer that emerged in the mid-1960s.
In her princess castle, Caim stands in front of the command console, gasping in shock at the new scene on the ground, “Cats! Sweetbriar produced a litter of hunger cats. Now, each cat is pouncing down, killing and then eating the dead mouse, which is going to make the feline rabid,” she gasps. “Then each infected cat is going to crawl through the dungeon floor and crawl up and then come and attack my body. I will die from a bite of rabies. I don’t have a weapon here inside my princess tower to protect my body, which is one of the stupid hologram rules. What do I do? I’m going to lose and not win the gold.” She nods with a smile. “But I do have my brains,” she wiggles her nose with a giggle. From the green grass inside the center of the Dark Room, a spray of black tinted tiny objects rises up into the air and then jump on top of each cat. The cat stops eating the dead mouse and sits down on the hind legs, itching it furry skin from live flea bites.
A new musical song entitled Who’s That Girl? starts to sing out loud: The language of love/ Slips from my lover’s tongue/ Cooler than ice cream/ And warmer than the sun/ Dumb hearts get broken/ Just like china cups/ The language of love/ has left me broken on the rocks/ But there’s just one thing/ Just one thing/ but there’s just one thing/ And I really wanna know/ Who’s that girl running around with you/ Who’s that girl…
Note: A new musical song entitled Who’s That Girl? had been performed in the year 1983 by the British pop duo band Eurythmics. The song was written by the band members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart.
Inside the battleship, Decktow dances side to side with his theme music and stress. “Woe! Caim is smart. She had created a batch of fleas that are biting each one of the rabid cats. Now, each rabid cat with tons of contagious fleas is running ahead coming toward my ramp, the legs of the elephant, and the bottom step on that tall ziggurat.”
In the tower room, on top of the ziggurat building structure, Sweetbriar stands in the open window and gasps in alarm. “Wait! Why! What for? What in the fudge is happening here? I created the pod of colorful cats. Now, why is each rabid and infected feline with tons of biting fleas coming back towards me? That’s doesn’t make any sense. Mr. Maker said the gamer that sends out the hologram weapon or image or thing does not return back to the same gamer. So, why are the cats coming back to me? I don’t get it. I don’t understand. I am exempt here.” He frowns down at the grass. A group of felines races toward the bottom step on his all ziggurat building. “O shit!” He tosses both hands in fear. “I see. I understand. I created a litter of healthy felines. Each one of these felines is infected with both dangerous rabies and biting fleas. Geez! If one of those cats climbs up my steps and then reaches me, then I’ll die a hologram death. I don’t have a weapon or a club to use against the cat. My bare hands will be bitten by the rabid cat or the horde of nasty fleas will attack my precious body. Geez! I wished that I had selected a fully uniform like Decktow or a pretty dress like Caim.”
Inside the battleship bridge, Decktow paces side to side with worry. “The infected cats are coming closer and closer to my lowered ramp. I can’t stop them. Do something! I know,” he slaps his hands. From each exposed hole, a pack of growling, vicious canines appear and race down the ramp, killing each cat with spraying blood protein in the air.
A new musical song entitled Who Let the Dogs Out starts to sing out loud: Who let the dogs out/ who, who, who, who?!/ Who let the dogs out/ Who, who, who, who?!/ Who let the dogs out/ Who, who, who, who?!/ Who let the dogs out?/ When the party was nice, the party was bumping (Hey, Yippie, Yi, Yo)/ And everybody having a ball (Hah, ho, Yippie, Yi, Yo)/ I tell the fellas, start the name calling (Yippie, Yi, Yo)/ And the girls respond to the call the poor dog show up! (ha, ha, ha, ha)/ Who let the dogs out?/ Who, who, who, who?!/ Who let the dogs out?/ Who, who, who, who?!/ Who let the dogs out?/ Who, who, who, who?!/ Who let the dogs out…
Note: The musical song entitled Who Let the Dogs Out was performed in the year 2000 by the Bahamian band Baha Men. The modernized style of Bahamian music was called junkanoo. The band members included Rick Carey, Dyson Knight, Isaiah Taylor and Marvin Prosper.
Inside the hologram game, in the command bridge on the battleship, Decktow dances side to side with the music and shouts out loud with happiness. “I am winning the game.”
On top of the elephant, inside the black tinted hut, Gorse frowns down at each dying cat. “Well, I became a gooey chocolate candy bar. That was clever, Decktow. But I’m more brilliant.” She wiggles her hips and waves her hands. Rows and rows of hunters in an outfit of tan and brown colors with a rifle march out from the tan colored desert sands onto the green grass, shooting at each dog, killing each animal.
A new musical song entitled These Boots Are Made for Walkin’ starts to sing out loud: You keep saying you got something for me/ Something you call love but confess/ You’ve been a-messing where you shouldn’t have been a-messing/ And now someone else is getting all your best/ These boots are made for walkin’/ And that’s just what they’ll do/ One of these days these boots are gonna walk all over you…
Note: The musical song entitled These Boots Are Made for Walkin’ was performed in the year 1966 by American singer and actress Nancy Sandra Sinatra. She was the elder daughter of Frank Sinatra and Nancy Barbato Sinatra.
Inside the princess castle, Caim gasps in alarm. “Gorse created a wonderful jab at Decktow. So she is winning the game, but not for long,” she shakes her hips with a smile. The ground breaks open and exposes a hole. A slithering giant brown colored snake exits out form each exposed hole and then swiftly crawls toward each hunter and dead dog, wrapping its body around one leg. Each hunter falls down and then the snake eats the hunter.
A new musical song entitled I Don’t Like Spiders and Snakes starts to sig out loud: I don’t like spiders and snakes/ And that ain’t what it takes to love me/ You fool, you fool/ I don’t like spiders and snakes/ And that ain’t what it takes to love me? Like I wanted to be loved by you…”
The musical song entitled I Don’t Like Spiders and Snakes was performed by singer Jim Stafford and written by Stafford and David Bellamy and released in the year 1973.
Inside the command bridge on the battleship, Decktow laughs out loud with a nod. “Well, that’s pretty good, Caim. But I’m best.” He waves both hands. From the exposed hole, a plant rapidly grows upward both tall and thick, ripping out a wiggling stem that moves toward each hunter and the live snake. The wiggling green tinted plant vine opens a mouth of fangs and then consumes both the hunter and the snake on top of the grass.
A new musical song entitled Beat It starts to sing out loud: They told him don’t you ever come round here/ Don’t want to see your face, you better disappear/ The fire’s in their eyes and their words are really clear/ So, beat it, just beat it/ You better run, you better do what you can/ Don’t want to see no blood, don’t be a macho man/ You want to be tough, better do what you can/ So beat it, but you want to be bad/ Just beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it…
Note: The musical song entitled Beat It was performed by music superstar American singer, songwriter, and dancer Michael Jackson, who had been dubbed the “King of Pop.” The song was released in the year 1983.
Inside the ziggurat tower, Sweetbriar frowns, “Yuck-o! Decktow has a set of mental problems.” He lifts both hands and crunches all of his fingers into a wicked curl with a heavy sneer. The green grass and grove of trees on top of the ground start to shake and twist sideways. The ground shakes and shimmers, cracking open with numerous wide and long fusions that exposes deep fires of red and yellow hue. Then each grounded hunter that is wearing a snake and also wrapped by a green tinted plant vine shakes side to side and then swiftly drops down into the nearest open fusion of red fire and yellow lava particles of heat.
A new musical song entitled Good Vibrations starts to sing out loud: I’m picking up good vibrations/ She’s giving me excitations (Oom, bop, bop)/ I’m picking up good vibrations (Good vibrations, oom, bop, bop)/ She’s giving me excitations (Excitations, oom, bop, bop)/ Good, good, good, good vibrations (Oom bop bop)/ She’s giving me excitations (Excitations, oom, bop, bop)/ Good, good, good, good vibrations (Oom, bop, bop)/ She’s giving me excitations (Excitations, oom, bop, bop)/ (Ahh)/ (Ah, my, my, what elation)/ I don’t know where but she sends me there/ (Oh, my, my, what a sensation)/ (Oh, my, my, what elation)/ (Oh, my, my, what)/ Gotta keep those loving good vibrations a-happening with her/ Gotta keep those loving good vibrations a-happening with her/ Gotta keep those loving good vibrations a-happening/ (Ahh)/ Good, good, good, good vibrations (Oom, bop, bop)/ (I’m picking up good vibrations) (Oom, bop, bop)/ She’s giving me excitations (Excitations, oom, bop, bop)/ Good, good, good, good vibrations…
Note: The musical song entitled Good Vibrations was performed by the American rock band The Beach Boys in the year 1966. The band members included Brian, Dennis, and Carl Wilson, their cousin Mike Love, and their friend Al Jardine.
Below on top of the center battlefield, each smoking fusion recloses and then the ground presents a smooth plot of brown dirt without an action sequence of fighting objects.
Inside the princess castle, Caim gasps in shock. “Okay. Each object has disappeared and drops down into the ground, after that massive earthquake. I wonder who did that.  Now, we are all even again.”
The loud voice from Mr. Maker shouts out loud inside the Dark Room. “No one won this fighting bout within the battle war. Each, every, and all the hologram objects are destroyed.”
Inside the princess castle, Caim tosses her arms in the air and stares at the pale blue sky which is the ceiling in the Dark Room. “I just said that. No one won this round.”
On top of the elephant, inside the hut, Gorse slaps both hands onto the window pane with a laugh.
A set of chariots with two individual warriors in peach colored armor flies out from the tan colored sands and rolls over the new dirt, splitting into three avenues toward the other structures. Each warrior blasts a purple tinted ray at the building and hits the structure.
A new musical song entitled Take a Little Ride starts to sing out loud: Been going round and round all day/ Bailing some hay and stacking it all up/ Can’t wait for the sun to go down/ Roll into town/ Shine the old truck up/ Swing by the quick stop/ Grab a little shiner bock/ Then, ease on out your way/ To your place around eight o’clock/ Well, I’m just ready to ride this Chevy/ Ride this Chevy down a little back road/ Slide your pretty little self on over/ Get a little closer, turn up the radio/ Put your pretty pink toes on the dash/ Lean your seat back/ Man, I swear there ain’t nothing looks better than that/ Sweet tan, little thing with nothing to do/ I wanna take a little ride with you…
The musical song entitled Take a Little Ride was song by music artist Jason Aldean in the year 2012 and written by Dylan Altman, Rodney Clawson, and Jim McCormick.
Inside the hologram game, inside the war battleship, Decktow ducks down in time. The purple blast hits the wall and burns a hole into the metal wall. He stands and sneers at the rows of ancient chariots, shaking his hips with a laugh. A line of brown colored stagecoaches appears and rushes down the ramp, racing ahead toward each running chariot, blasting out a green colored ray at each chariot. Each chariot contains two horses and a pair of warriors inside the cab, firing numerous streams of purple tinted rays at each stagecoach. If the beam hits the stagecoach, it explodes into aqua ashes of flames. If the purple beam misses the brown tinted stagecoach, then the team of four running horses combines and attaches onto the stagecoach and then races toward the other structures and as each hidden cowboy inside the coach fires an array of steady streaming of green colored rays that destroy part of each structure.
A new musical song entitled Wild, Wild West starts to sing out loud: Forty-seven dead beats living in the back street/ North, east, west, south all in the same house/ Sitting in a back room waiting for the big boom/ I’m in a bedroom waiting for my baby/ She’s so mean but I don’t care/ I love her eyes and her wild, wild hair/ Dance to the beat that we love best/ Heading for the nineties/ Living in the wild, wild west/ The wild, wild west/ Wild west…
Note: The true musical song entitled Wild, Wild West was performed by the musical band named Escape Club. An English pop rock band which was formed in the city limits of London in year 1983. The song was released in the year 1988. Members of the band included Trevor Steel, Milan Zekavica, Johnnie Christo, John Holliday, Red Broad, and Mike Woodsum.
Inside the hologram game, in the ziggurat tower, Sweetbriar gasps in shock down at the battlefield, “My, my, my, I have completed underestimated Gamer Decktow. He is very good, but I’m the ‘bestest,’” he spins around in a completely circle and halts, shooting both arms out the window with a smile. Rows of pale blue tank rolls out from the bottom of the step on the building, firing an array of individual mint green colored bombs at each stagecoach, horse, and chariot rider, killing the object.
A new musical song entitled This is How We Roll starts to sing out loud: This is how we roll/ We hangin’ around singing out everything on the radio/ We light it up/ Light it up/ Light it up/ Ha, ha, it’s the Dirty South connection/ Florida Georgia Line/ Uh, uh, it’s Florida, uh, uh it’s Georgia/ We light it up/ Light it up, light it up…
Note: The musical song entitled This is How We Roll was performed by the American country duo Florida/Georgia Line, who consisted of Brian Kelly and Tyler Hubbard and country music artist Luke Bryan. The song had been written by Luke Bryan and Cole Swindell, Brian Kelly, and Tyler Hubbard. The song was released in the year 2010.
Inside the princess castle, she stands in front of the console and looks out through the widow with a frown. Cain waves her hands with a giggle and stares out the window. Within the castle, each closed window panel on each level opens up and reveals a shiny glass carriage. Each glass carriage slowly flies outward and toward the battlefield, sliding to open a bottom compartment, releasing a set of pink petals. Each petal drops down and then explodes on into pink tinted bomb, damaging each tank while killing the creative imagination of Sweetbriar.
A new musical song entitled Shake Your Booty starts to sing out loud: Everybody, get on the floor, let’s dance/ Don’t fight the feeling, give yourself a chance/ Shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake/ Shake your booty, shake your booty/ Oh, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake/ Shake your booty, shake your booty/ Oh, you can, you can do it very well/ You’re the best in the world, I can tell/ Oh, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake/ Shake your booty, shake your booty/ Oh, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake/ Shake your booty, shake your booty, oh yeah/ Shake, shake, shake, shake/ Oh, shake, shake, shake, shake/ Oh, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake…
Note: The musical song entitled Shake Your Booty was performed by the American funk band KC and the Sunshine Band which had been founded in the year 1973 in the city of Hialeah within the US State of Florida.
Slowly, each stagecoach, chariot, and tank is blown apart by all the numerous pink tinted petal bombs.
Inside the ziggurat tower, Sweetbriar laughs and wiggles both of his hands. Each one of his blue tanks disappears and is replaced with an upright walking skeleton in the color of coral hue that totes a red tinted long hand canon that continues to blast an array of mint green rays at each moving stagecoach, rolling chariot, and flying glass carriage into an individual fireball of orange, brown and pink flames.
A new musical song entitled Human starts to sing out loud: I’m only human/ I’m only/ I’m only/ I’m only human, human/Maybe, I’m foolish/ Maybe, I’m blind/ Thinking I can see through this/ And see what’s behind/ Got no way to prove it/ So, maybe, I’m lying/ But, I’m only human after all…
Note: The true musical song entitled Human was performed in the year 2016 by the blues and soul music artist Rory Graham or Rag ‘n’ Bone Man. Rory came from a small town of Uckfield in the southeastern part of England.
Inside the princess castle, Caim gasps in alarm. “Well, I never have seen that before, an army of the dead. How do I defeat a set of walking bones? I know. I can stir up an earthquake and bury the pile of bone,” she twists her hands in the air with a laugh without seeing the ground shake. She repeats her hand movement and stares down at the ground while the army of skeleton continues to march toward each command structure. She slaps both hands down onto the console panel and then gasps. “I can’t do that. I can’t recreate the same hologram object. What to do now?”
Inside the ziggurat tower, Sweetbriar dances around the stone floor and shakes his butthole with happiness. His army of skeletons is destroying each layer on every enemy building without mercy. He will win the game and then collect the slab of gold.
Inside the command bridge on the war battleship, Decktow frowns down at the advancing army of skeletons. “An earthquake would be a perfect solution to rid the ground of the newest enemies, but I can’t produce one. Sweetbriar has done that already.” He wiggles his hand. Each open tunnel produces an individual red colored dirt bike that swiftly flies in the air and then lands on top of each boney skull, crashing the entire skeleton back down into the soft dirt. He dances and shouts out loud with new victory.
A new musical song entitled Blaze of Glory starts to sing out loud: Shot down in a blaze of glory/ Ask me now but know the truth/ Cause I’m going out in a blaze of glory/ Lord, I never drew first but I drew first blood/ I’m the devil’s son, call me young gun…
Note: The true musical song Blaze of Glory was performed by the singer and songwriter Jon Bon Jovi in the year 1990.
On top of the elephant inside the hut, Gorse stares down at the battlefield. “Decktow is too smart, where Sweetbriar is too quick. I must defeat both of them at the same time.” She shakes her head side to side with a smile. A row of dune buggies leaps up from the tan colored sand and then smash into each flying dirt bike, destroying both objects in a plume of yellow smoke.
A new musical song Dirt On My Boots starts to sing out loud: Burn it up like neon lights/ Might have a little dirt on my boots/ But we’re gonna dance the dust right off/ Them tonight (yeah, girl/ Get a little dirt on my boots…
Note: The musical song entitled Dirt on My Boots was performed by Jon Pardi and written by Rhett Akins, Jesse Frasure, and Ashley Gorley in the year 2016.
Inside the hologram game, in the princess castle, Caim smiles down at the battlefield and wiggles her earlobes. “I can do better than that.” From the open compartments on her castle, an individual cylinder-shaped black tinted missile flies out from the darkness and hits each dune buggy, creating a loud explosion and a fire bomb in the color of red and purple flames.
A new musical song entitled I Shot the Sheriff starts to sing out loud: I shot the sheriff, but I did not shoot the deputy/ I shot the sheriff, but I did not shoot the deputy/ All around in my home town/ They’re trying to track me down/ They say they want to bring me in guilty/ For the killing of a deputy/ For the life of a deputy, but I say/ I shot the sheriff, but I swear it was in self-defense/ I shot the sheriff, and they say it is a capital offense/ Sheriff John Brown always hated me…
Note: The musical song entitled I Shot the Sheriff was performed by English rock and blue guitarist, singer, and songwriter Eric Clapton and released in the year 1971.
Inside the ziggurat tower, Sweetbriar hears the loud set of noises and stops the dancing, spinning around, dashing back to the window with a gasp. “My skeleton army is gone. And an array of individual missiles is destroying each flying sand buggy. Who has launched that deadly set of missiles?” He looks up with a gasp. “I can’t believe my eyeballs that innocent and naïve Caim is doing this to me. Well, I can do a beating to ya, too, baby!” He lifts both arms into the air and shakes his hands. A flock of colorful dragons with a pair of matching wings fall down from the pale blue sky, reaching down, snatching up each flying missile. Each dragon tosses the missile haphazardly into any direction hitting one of the other enemy fortresses.
A new musical song entitled We Will Rock You starts to sing out loud: Buddy, you a boy make a big noise/ Playing the street gonna be a big man someday/ Ya got mud on your face/ Ya big disgrace/ Kicking your can all over the place/ We will/ We will rock you…
Note: The true musical song entitled We Will Rock You was performed by the British musical group Queen in the year 1977.
Inside the hologram game, in her princess castle, Caim ducks down from the open window and lands on top of the dirty floor with a sneer. “Sweetbriar is dead.” She stands upright and then slams into the side wall this time. A pair of ugly and smelly purple colored dragon feet tries to reach inside and capture Caim dragging her screaming body out from her protective castle. All of her missiles have been tossed into the other two structures causing major damage. The stationary standing giant elephant has only three legs underneath its body and sits down on its two hind legs, shifting the brown tinted hut with Gamer Gorse on top of its wide forehead while balancing the structure.
The war battleship displays piles of black smoke and stacks of red and yellow fires after being hit with numerous missiles, but it is not sinking yet. Gamer Decktow is still in the game for a little while.
Inside the princess castle, Caim stands against the wall and wiggles her hands with a smile but nothing happens, “Dang! I must stand in front of the open window and try not to get terminated from the game here. No one told me that one, Mr. Maker. What other rules did you leave out from the game?”
The voice from Mr. Maker shouts out loud inside the Dark Room. “All the rules had been listed inside the Teenly Wasteland hologram game. You should have read the instructions, before I started playing, gamer.”
Inside her princess castle on the tower, Caim slides down over the floor with a sneer and sits down in the dirty floor, waving her hands out the window. From each exposed compartment, a single pink colored drone flies outward and hits each flying dragon, colliding into the colorful wings, creating a loud and pretty ball of fire in the colors of gold, red, and green hue.
A new musical song entitled Radar Love starts to sing out loud: I’ve been driving all long, my hand’s wet on the wheel/ There’s a voice in my head that drives my heel/ It’s my baby calling/ says I need you here/ And it’s half past four and I’m shifting gears/ When she is lonely and the longing gets too much/ She sends a cable coming in from above/ Don’t need no phone at all/ We’ve got a thing that’s called radar love/ We’ve got a wave in the air, radar love/ The radio is playing some forgotten song/ Brenda Lee’s coming on strong…”
Note: The musical song entitled Radar Love was performed by the band Golden Earring and released in the year 1973.
Inside the command bridge on the battleship, Decktow frowns through the open window and slips side to side and as the ship lisps from one side to another. He hangs onto the window frame with a sneer. “I gotta get back into the game. Or I’m gonna lose everything.” He rotates his neck muscle and pops each bone. Each open tunnel produces a two-seat helicopter in the color of orange, flying ahead, firing a ray of yellow bombs at each pink tinted drone. Each drone explodes into a brilliant affair of lavender and peach hue.
A new musical song entitled Slow Ride Take it Easy starts to sing out loud: Woo/ Slow ride, take it easy/ Slow ride, take it easy/ Slow ride, take it easy/ Slow ride, take it easy/ I’m in the mood/ The rhythm is right/ Move to the music/ We can roll all night/ Oh slow ride/ Oh slow ride, take it easy/ Slow ride, take it easy/ Slow down, go down, got to get your loving one more time/ Hold me, roll me, slow riding woman you're so fine/ Woo/ I’m in the mood/ The rhythm is right/ Move to the music/ We can roll all night, yeah/ Oh/ Slow ride, take it easy/ Slow ride…
Note: The true musical song entitled Slow Ride was performed by Foghat in the year 1975. They were an English rock band which formed in the city of London in the year 1971. The band was known for the use of electric slide guitar in their musical song. The band members included Roger Earl, Charlie Huh, and Craig MacGregor.
Inside the hologram game, on the command bridge in the battleship, Decktow jumps up and down with happiness. He is leading the hologram game. Each one of his flying helicopter aims and fires an array of yellow bombs at each building, slowly destroying numerous steps on the tall ziggurat, the front leg on the giant elephant, and the side wing on the princess castle. He bounces up and down with excitement.
The giant ugly elephant sits down on its hind legs and tilts the hut structure over its wide forehead. Inside the hut, Gorse slips and slides side to side over the floor while balancing her body over the wooden floor. She moves ahead and stares out the window with a sneer. “Everyone is interfering in plan to win the game. And everybody is targeting my elephant.”
“Too bad, there are not any mathematical points given for both courage and bravery. Because, no gamer here would win.” The voice of Mr. Maker says out loud within the Dark Room. “No one won the round either. Each, every, and all the hologram objects are destroyed.”
“What!” Decktow stops dancing and spins around to face the open window, after hearing the nasty remark from Mr. Maker.
On top of the big, hair gray tinted elephant, inside the hut structure, Gorse sneers. “Watch me, Mr. Maker! I have some bigger and badder toys that wanna play with ya’ll.” She wiggles her arms. From the pale blue, a fleet of gray colored bomber airplanes roar over the skyline and flies ahead, dropping down an array of individual bombs in the color of bright red. Each bomb hits and then destroys every flying helicopter, placing holes in the dirt ground, and numerous holes on the other buildings.
A new musical song Gimme Three Steps starts to sing out loud: I was cutting the rug/ Down at a place called The Jug/ With a girl named Linda Lu/ When in walked a man/ With a gun in his hand/ And he was looking for you know who/ He said, “Hey there fellow/ With the hair colored yellow/ Watcha trying to prove?/ Cause, that’s my woman there/ And I’m a man who cares/ And this might be all for you.”/ Won’t you give me three steps/ Gimme three steps, mister/ Gimme three steps towards the door/ Gimme three steps/ Gimme three steps, mister/ And you’ll never see me no more…
Note: The musical song entitled Gimme Three Steps had been performed in the year 1973 by the American band Lynyrd Skynyrd.
Inside the ziggurat tower, Sweetbriar falls down onto the floor with fear and then gasps in annoyance, slowly standing upright with a sneer, advancing toward the open window and then stops. He leans out the window and wiggles both of his arms. The pretty pale blue skyline turns into a bright red and orange hue of fury. Then individual pieces of angry sky swiftly drop down in the formation of a heated meteorite that punches a hole on top of each gray tinted flying bomber airplane. Each bomber airplane ignites into a fireball and then disappears from the angry red sky.
A new musical song entitled Seven Nation Army starts to sing out loud: I’m gonna fight them all/ A seven nation army couldn’t hold me back/They’re gonna rip it off/ Taking their time right behind my back…
Note: The true musical song entitled Seven Nation Army was performed by The White Stripes musical group in the year 2016.
On top of the sitting elephant and the wiggling hut, Gorse leans over the window pane and waves both arms in the air with a laugh. Falling down through the red and orange skyline of fury, an array of bright blue and yellow colored solar flares violently shoots out and down from the hidden sun, hitting and the destroying each rounded meteorite with a grand explosion of purple, green, pink, and silver colors. Then the red and orange sky turns into darkness of night fall.
A new musical song entitled Shooting Star starts to sing out loud: Don’t you know/ Don’t you know/ Don’t you know that you are a shooting star/ Don’t you know, oh, yeah/ Don’t you know that you are shooting star, yeah/ And all the world will love you just as long/ As long as you are a shooting star…”
Note: The true musical song entitled Shooting Star was performed by the musical group Bad Company in the year 1975.
Inside the hologram game, on top of the command bridge of the battleship, Decktow dashes ahead and then leans over the window frame wiggling his body, his head, and his arms with a smile. An array of white tinted stars drops down from the night sky and then collides into each blue and yellow solar flare that hit down and eats up the brown dirt, wrapping its white tinted long tail around each flare and burns out the flame. Then the darkness returns back into a pale blue skyline again.
A new musical song entitled Cold As Ice starts to sing out loud:  You’re as cold as ice/ You’re willing to sacrifice our love/ You never take advice/ Someday you’ll pay the price, I know/ I’ve seen it before/ It happens all the time/ Closing the door/ You leave the world behind/ You’re digging for gold/ Yet throwing away/ A fortune in feelings/ But someday you’ll pay…
Note: the musical song entitled Cold as Ice was released in the year 1977 and performed by the English-American rock band Foreigner which formed in New York City in the year 1976 by English musicians Mick Jones and Ian McDonald with American vocalist Lou Gramm.
Within the hologram game, inside her princess castle, Caim frowns at the destruction on her castle and shakes her head, staring out the open window. Lines of numerous colorful rainbows lift up from the brown tinted ground and kiss each one of the falling yellow tinted stars, sucking it down into the sparkling hues of color. She turns and blows a kiss to Decktow while making him lose the hologram game.
A new musical song entitled Call Me starts to sing out loud: Color me your color, baby/ Color me your car/ Color me your color, darling/ I know who you are/ Come up off your color chart/ I know where you’re coming from/ Call me (call me) on the line/ Call me, call me any, anytime/ Call me (call me) my love/ You can call me any day or night/ Call me/ Cover me with kisses, baby/ Cover me with love/ Roll me in designer sheets/ I’ll never get enough/ Emotions come, I don’t know why/ Cover up love’s alibi/ Call me (call me) on the line/ Call me, call me any, anytime/ Call me (call me) oh love/ When you’re ready we can share the wine/ Call me…
Note: The musical song entitled Call Me was performed by Blondie in the year 1984.
Inside the command bridge on the battleship, Decktow back steps with a worried brow and leans against the command console while surveying the battlefield. The dirt is brown. The sky is pale blue. The sun is shining in yellow. The center of the battlefield ground is barren without animals or plants. His hands and his body ache from the numerous hand and body wiggles while producing an array of different “hologram toys” which are really a solider or an object of destruction. However, no gamer is winning within the hologram game. Everyone is beating up each other’s objects. So, each gamer is still equal which means each gamer will lose. No one will win the slab of gold.
He frowns. “Is this the way the game plays out?”
The voice of Mr. Maker laughs out loud inside the Dark Room. “No one wins. Everyone loses. Yeah! Yay! Yeehaw!”
On the command bride of the battleship, Decktow frowns and whispers for his eardrums only. “No one wins. Everyone loses. Naw! There is something missing here,” he nods with a smile. “I know what it is too.” He advances back to the open window with a gasp of alarm.
Below the pale blue sky and above the ziggurat tower, numerous rows of individuals float among the invisible air waves, consisting of both monsters and creatures. The front row displays the leaders of the gang, a red haired and pink skinned witch in a black long dress and a long brown tinted broom, a pale skinned and black haired vampire in a gray business suit and a set of long, sharp fangs and fingernails, a brown colored hairy werewolf, and a tall ugly green colored Frankenstein monster. Behind the single row of four leaders, some of the monsters include Bigfoot, a centaur, a gargoyle, the Loch Ness monster, a mummy, a Cyclops, a warlock, and other mythical monsters.
A new musical song entitled Renegade starts to sing out loud: Oh, Mama, I’m in fear for my life from the long arm of the law/ Law man has put an end to my running and I’m so far from my home/ Oh, Mama, I can hear you a crying, you’re so scared and all alone/ Hangman is coming down from the gallows/ and I don’t have very long/ The jig is up, the news is out/ They finally found me/ The renegade who had it made/ Retrieved for a bounty/ Never more to go astray/ This’ll be the end today/ Of the wanted man…
Note: The true musical song entitled Renegade was performed by Styx, a rock band from the city of Chicago that formed in year 1970. The band members consisted of Tommy Shaw, drummer John Panozzo, and Dennis DeYoung.
Below the pale blue sky and above the red tinted hut, a row of four individuals hover among the air waves too, consisting of the Greek goddess of war Athena with her bag of weapons, the Greek God of War Aries with a single sword, the Greek god of the sun Apollo with a bow and arrow, and the Greek goddess of love Aphrodite without a weapon.
Behind the row of four leaders includes the Greek and Roman gods and goddess: Cupid, Artemis; Dionysus, Hades, Hera, Hermes, Poseidon, and others.
Below the pale blue sky and above the yellow, pink, pale blue, and mint green castle, a row of individual stand in the air waves consisting of Queen Elizabeth with a set of dogs, Queen Cleopatra with a bag of poisonous snakes, King Arthur with a sword, and Roman emperor Julius Caesar with a toga and wreath on top of his blonde hair roots without a weapon.
The other familiar face of each king and queen include Mary, Queen of Scots; Anne, Queen of Great Britain; Mary II of England; Eleanor of Aquitaine; Queen Victoria; Isabella of Castile; Ann Boleyn; Isabella II of Spain; Margaret, Maiden of Norway; Catherine, the Great; Jadwiga of Poland; Christina, Queen of Sweden; Nefertiti, Queen of Egypt, Pharaoh Tut; Pharaoh Ramses; Charles of England, Henry, the first and the, second and the eighth, of England; Edward III of England; Richard I and II of England, Charlemagne and other kings and queens.
Inside the command bridge on the battleships, Decktow jumps up and down on top of the metal floor with a set of smiles and cheers, “Yeah, this is what I am thinking about, a real hand-to-hand combat fight with a set of hologram characters. This is going to be so cool!”
The three rows of individual drop down into the battlefield center and advance ahead, slamming into one of the opposite opponents.
The voice of Mr. Maker shouts out loud inside the Dark Room. “Some gamer is missing the action. And the same gamer will miss the slab of gold too.”
Inside the battleship in the command bridge, Decktow gasps in alarm. “I…I need a set of superheroes too. I don’t know who to select. I have so many names from the current hologram games. I know. I select Lady Starra with her awesome unlimited range of Tele powers, who can kick butt too. My Tele Mistress comes from my science fiction favorite e-novel Unknown Me. And I need some of her friends with her too. And I pick Fairy Persia with all her fairy powers that flow from inward towards outward. And I select all of her friends too. Fairy Persia comes from another of my favorite fairy tale e-novel Tale, which is full of fairies. And I pick, I pick my girl, the golden colored Regulator. She comes from my favorite dystopian adventure e-novel Aim High. And finally I need another action hero. I pick, Prince Rann, who is also a Tele Master. However, Lady Starra loves Prince Rann, but she doesn’t know it.”
Below the pale blue and above the wires on the battleship, a row of four individuals appear and hover in the air waves consisting of Lady Starra in a short gray skirt outfit with a pair of matching thigh-high boots without a weapon, Fairy Persia in a red tiara, short red dress, and a pair of red cowgirl boots, Prince Rann in a sleeveless and shirtless white vest and a pair of matching trousers with a long sword, and a golden tinted Regulator with a machine gun.
Behind the four leaders, the line stands Lord Dirk, Queen Rita, King Rex, Lady Rosa, Lady Ann, Baron Bartholomew, and some of the other characters coming from the e-novel Unknown Me. from the fairy tale series in the first book Tale, the line shows fairy boy Gable; fairy girl Yachel; fairy girl Apella; fairy girl Zann; fairy guy Stad; fairy guy Hadwin; fairy guy Molfalso, and fairy guy Britton. From the e-novel Aim High, the people include teen girl Minki, teen boy Dfee, teen girl Igala, and a golden tinted Regulator.
A new musical song entitled We’re an American Band starts to sing out loud: We’re an American band/ We’re an American band/ We’ve coming to your town/ We’ll help you party it down/ We’re an American band…
Note; The true musical song entitled We’re an American Band was performed by Grand Funk Railroad in the year 1973.
Above the staggered row of tall battleship poles while hanging in the air waves, leaders Starra and Persia lifts an upright body vertically into the air and then flies down toward the action on top of the dirt. Leaders Rann and the Regulator jump down from the top of the tall poles and then smoothly glide through the air, hitting down into the dirt, stirring up a set of brown tinted dust balls.
A new musical song entitled Rico Suave starts to sing out loud: Seguro que han oído que yo soy educado/ Soy un caballerito un chico bien portado/ Un joven responsible why siempre bien vestido/ Yo no se quien ha mentido/ I don’t drink or smoke ain’t into dope/ Won’t try no coke, ask me how I do it, I cope/ My only addiction has to do with the female species/ I eat ‘em raw like sushi/ Rico suave…
Note: The musical song entitled Rico Suave was performed by Gerardo Mejia or Gerardo, who was an Ecuadorian-American rapper, singer, and actor in the year 1991.
Tall and golden tinted Regulator shoves the machine gun underneath his armpit and starts to fire a round of bullets, hitting the ground. He moves closer to the solo monster. Frankenstein moves closer and lifts both black tinted arms in the air while growling with green tinted blood. The golden colored Regulator becomes closer and then stops with a sneer, mowing down the tall, ugly monster.
Inside the fighting circle with Apollo and King Arthur, Apollo turns with a smile and holds the bow and arrow. “I say my young golden man. Pardon me! Excuse me! What is that device inside your golden pair of hands?”
The golden colored Regulator swings the gun sideways and presses the trigger. “This is a gun that goes bang. Goodbye!” The gun chews into the guts on Apollo. The god of the sun disappears in a ball of yellow flames. The golden colored Regulator moves ahead with a smile and fires a round of bullets into more Greek and Roman gods and goddesses. Each one explodes into a ball of pretty colors, exiting the hologram game as his theme song continues to play around him.
A new musical song entitled Fever starts to sing out loud: Never know how much I love you/ Never know how much I care/ When you put your arms around me/ I get a fever that’s so hard to bear/ You give me fever when you kiss me/ Fever when you hold me tight/ Fever in the morning/ Fever all through the night…”
Note: The true musical song entitled Fever was performed by music artist Peggy Lee. She was born Norma Deloris Egstrom in the year 1920. She was an American jazz singer, songwriter, composer, and actress. She performed the song Fever in the year 1958.
On top of the white sands, Rann whips out his sword with a sneer, advances ahead toward Aphrodite, and stops with a gasp. “Woe! You are a very beautiful woman.”
Starra skids to a halt and spins around, scanning for Rann, seeing his back spine. She links, connects, and Tele talks into his mind: I heard that, Rann! And these sexy words were not meant for me!
Aphrodite stands in place with a wink and twirls the ends of her long blonde hair with a smile. “I am the Greek goddess of love. Do you some love, baby?”
“Uh!” Rann turns around and frowns at his girlfriend Starra.
Starra slices the hand across her throat of a hologram death and then spins around racing ahead, targeting the floating witch with red hair and a black cape while ease dropping with her Telepathy hearing on the conversation with Rann. She links, connects, and sneers back to his open mind: Kill her, Rann! I’m too busy over here to do it.
Rann looks back to see the woman and shakes his black tinted hair roots. “No thanks! I’m taken, sorta.”
She pouts, “Too bad! We could make some good love.”
King Arthur appears and stomps ahead making numerous tiny tings from his heavy armor, shoving Rann away from the goddess of love. He raises his sword in the air and sneers at her. “You can come and make love to my sword.”
Aphrodite laughs. “No thanks! I perform males, men, muscles, not steel, iron or rubber. I’m not that kind of girl, sir.”
Arthur rushes ahead and stabs the tip at her body. She scoots sideways and wrinkles her nose the king. He growls and dashes ahead again while stabbing the tip at her body again. She scoots the other side with a giggle. He misses with a sneer.
The musical song entitled Rico Suave continues to sing out loud: No me gustan ternos, mi estilo es moderno/ Si me enterno, you me enfermo/ Mi apariencia es dura, vivo en la locura/ No me vengan con ternuras/ So please don’t judge a book by its cover/ There’s more to being a Latin lover/ You got to know how to deal with a woman/ That won’t let go/ The price you pay for being a gigolo/ There’s not a woman that can handle/ A man like me/ That’s why I juggle two or three/ I ain’t one to commit, you can omit that bit/ You pop the question that’s it/ Haber uno, dos, tres, cuatro mujeres/ Y la situaci?all?no muere/ No es un delito calmo mi apetito/ Con un llanto o un grito…
The golden colored Regulator slowly moves ahead with a smile and fires a round of bullets into numerous kings and queens. Each one explodes into a ball of pretty colors, exiting the hologram game.
A new musical song entitled Pump Up the Jam starts to sing out loud: Pump up the jam, pump it up/ While your feet are stomping/ And the jam is pumping/ Look at here the crow is jumping/ Pump it up a little more…
Note: The musical song entitled Pump Up the Jam was performed by the Technotronic. The musical band Technotronic was a Belgian musical project which was formed in the year 1988 by Jo Bogaert. The band members included Ya Kid K, Me One, Daisy Dee, Rejane Maglorie, and Helen Mwangi-Taylor.
From the air waves, Lady Starra drops down and stops, standing in front of the ugly witch, slapping her chest with a nod. “You and I are equal in power.”
The witch nods and whips her broom into the air, sitting on top of it.
Starra nods and whips out her maser weapon, pressing the trigger and strikes the stick broom. The broom bursts into flames and engulfs the witch as she burns in a large orange and gray fireball. Starra frowns. “O! You and I are not equal in power, witch.”
The new musical song entitled Diamonds Are a Girl’s Best Friend starts to sing out loud: The French are glad to die for love/ They delight in fighting duels/ But I prefer a man who lives/ And gives expensive jewels/ A kiss on the hand/ May be quite continental/ But diamonds are a girl’s best friend/ A kiss may be grand/ But it won’t pay the rental/ On your humble flat/ Or help you at the automat/ Men grow cold/ As girls grow old/ And we all lose our charms in the end/ But square-cut or pear-shaped/ These rocks don’t lose their shape/ Diamonds are a girl’s best friend…
Note: The true musical song entitled Diamonds Are a Girl’s Best Friend was written by Julie Styne and Leo Robin and sung by actress Marilyn Monroe in the year 1953. The jazz song was introduced by singer and actress Carol Channing in the original Broadway production of Gentlemen Prefer Blondes in the year 1949. The movie was based on the novel by Anita Loos.
In the fighting pair of King Arthur and Greek goddess of love, Aphrodite stops fighting and then lies down among the air waves, birthing out another child. “Ya know, I can’t stop having children,” She grunts and produces an infant. One of the mermaids floats up from the sea water and takes the newborn baby, dropping back down into the water with a smile.
King Arthur waves a hand and a sneer. “Get up and fight, woman!”
“All right!” Aphrodite stands upright in the air and rotates both of her arms forward, tossing a set of pretty white, pink, yellow seashells at the ill-bred and nasty male British king.
His sword hits some of the seashells off his face and as his body jerks side to side. He yells out loud with worry. “Hey! These tiny things hurt.”
“That’s the point, Big Man! Or Little Man, in this case, hit you some more!” She continues to toss rows of seashells at King Arthur.
A new musical song entitled Unbelievable starts to sing out loud: You burden me with your questions/ You’d have me tell no lies/ You’re always asking what it’s all about/ Now listen to my replies/ You say to me I don’t talk enough/ But when I do I’m a fool/ These times I’ve spent, I’ve realized/ I’m going to shoot through/ And leave you/ The things, you say/ Your purple prose just gives you away/ The things, you say/ You’re unbelievable…
Note: The musical song entitled Unbelievable was performed by EMF in the year 1991. They are a British dance rock-and-roll band from the city of Cinderford within Gloucestershire. The band members included James Atkin on vocals and guitars, DJ Milf on turntables and programming, Ian Dench on guitars and keyboards, Stevey Marsh on bass guitar, Derry Brownson on keyboards, Mark Decloedt on drums, Tim Stephens on guitars, and Zac Foley on bass guitar.
On top of the white sands, Roman emperor Julius Caesar in a long white tinted toga with purple piping and a golden colored wreath on top of his blonde hair roots without a weapon slows moves around the ground and then stops, pointing at the tall and bronzed colored male, “Hey there, young male! I do believe that I know you. Where are you from?”
Aries swings around with a growl and then smiles, slapping his chest. “You do know me. I am a Greek from the country of Greece. You are a Roman from the city of Rome.”
He tosses his arm in the air and lowers his chin. “I am a Roman Emperor.”
Aries smiles, “O! That’s better for me!”
He looks up with puzzlement. “O! Why is that?”
“To kill quickly!” Aries lifts up the sword and drops down the cupped hands, slicing the bone skull on Julius Caesar in half. “Too easy,” he laughs out loud and spits down over the dead body of the Roman.
Cleopatra slowly prisses over the shallow waters with a sour frown, staring at the dead body of her Roman husband with a frown. “You know, that Egyptian soothsayer told me and told me not to pay attention to that older man, who was named Caesar. He was nothing but dead weight. I see that she was right. But I didn’t listen.” She stops with a smile and tosses a snake at the vampire.
The arm on the tall, black haired, pale skinned Vampire reaches out and captures the flying snake. Then he cuddles into his naked pale colored chest. “I wanna suck your blood,” he leans down and bits into the viper snake. The snake hisses loudly and purrs with happiness at the vampire. The Vampire removes its mouth and exposes its bloody fangs to Cleopatra. “That’s sweet!”
Cleopatra frowns. “That’s sick! You’re a sick thing here inside this hologram game.”
The musical song entitled Rico Suave continues to sing out loud: So, again, don’t let my lyrics mislead you/ I don’t love you but I need you/ Would you rather have me lie/ Take a piece of your pie and say bye/ Or be honest and rub your thighs/ Well, it’s ten o’clock and I’m two hours late/ I never said I was a prompt date/ But you kept persisting that I meet your parents/ Huh, they’re going to love my appearance/ Ding dong el timbre suena/ Tu madre abre, que vieja mas buena/ Le digo/ Hola! Pero no para bola/ Que se ha creido vieja chola…
The golden tinted Regulator stops and stares at the Vampire, lifting up the gun and then shoots the face off the Vampire.
She turns and winks at the golden tinted Regulator. “Thanks, Golden Rod!”
“My pleasure, Queenie,” the golden tinted Regulator moves ahead and blasts more monsters.
A new musical song entitled The Loco-Motion starts to sing out loud: Everyone’s doing a brand new dance, now/ (Come on baby, do the Loco motion)/ I know you’ll get to like it if you give it a chance now/ (Come on baby, do the Loco motion)/ My little baby sister can do it with me/ It’s easier than learning you’re A-B-C/ so come on, come on, do the Loco motion with me/ You gotta swing your hips now…”
Note: The true musical song entitled The Loco-Motion had been performed by musical group Grand Funk Railroad in the year 1974.
Starra spins around from the ball of fire and sees Greek god of War Aries, waving both arms in the air, shouting out loud, “Hey, Aries! Hey, Big Man! I’m not easy over here. Come and pick on someone your own size,” she wiggles side to side.
Aries spins around with a sneer and then laughs out loud, slowly moving ahead, pointing at the petite young teenagers and stops with a smile. “You, Squirt! You are not my size. I’m a mighty big giant male when compared to your petite frame. I can…”
“Not!” Starra tosses both arms outward and wiggles all her fingers. Aries tumbles backwards from her Tele wave and then lands on his stomach. “I normally abhor a violent act. But I’m winning the hologram game for my buddy Decktow,” she waves a hand toward the back spine on King Arthur, snatching his sword from his cupped hands, feeling the smooth metal in her naked hand with a smile. “I’m a Tele, not a magician,” She lifts the sharp tip on the sword and then releases it, dropping the sword down, slicing through the neck muscles on a grounded Aries.
A musical song entitled The Chain starts to sing out loud: Listen to the wind blow, watch the sun rise/ Running in the shadows, damn your love, damn your lies/ And if you don’t love me now/ You will never love me again/ I can still hear you saying/ You would never break the chain (Never break the chain)/ And if you don’t love me now/ You will never love me again/ I can still hear you saying/ You would never break the chain (Never break the chain) …
Note: The musical song entitled The Chain was performed by English-American rock band Fleetwood Mac in the year 1977. The band had been founded by guitarist Peter Green, drummer Mick Fleetwood, and guitarist Jeremy Spencer in the year 1967. Band members included John McVie, Danny Kirwan, and Christine Perfect, singer Stevie Nicks, and Lindsey Buckingham.
Queen Elizabeth stands behind the row of growling and drooling brown tinted dogs and faces Queen Cleopatra.
Cleopatra stops and frowns at her teammate, “Hey, chica! We are created to fight on the same side.”
“I am the queen.” Elizabeth nods.
“Ditto!”
“I am the queen of a country.”
“Ditto!”
“I am the ruler of the world.”
“Ditto!” Cleopatra smiles, “Do you see here? We are created equal, sister queenie.”
“No. I do not see or hear you, ugly pheasant thing.” Elizabeth waves her hand and whistles out loud for the attack command. Her vicious pack of dog dashes ahead and targets a stationary Cleopatra.
Cleopatra exhales with dullness and drops her tan colored weaved basket down on the dirt. The lid flicks open. A nest of viper snakes slithers out and stick out a tongue, touching the air, smelling the dogs. Each dog continues to race ahead and then stops, lowering at muzzle, smelling the new beast. Each snake coils back and then bites into the soft hairy flesh, hanging onto the canine, killing each dog.
Queen Elizabeth frowns and moves ahead, whipping out her sword from her long, wide dress, sneering at the Egyptian queen. “Hey, witch! You killed my pack of dogs.”
“You’re the dog, a female one,” Cleopatra whips a mature viper snake from behind her back spine with a laugh and tosses the reptile through the air. The snake hits and wraps around the face on Elizabeth, biting her neck, killing the English queen. The body of dead Queen Elizabeth slowly sinks down on top of the white sands.
Cleopatra smiles, “I do like snakes, not dogs.”
Goddess of War Athene swings around with a gasp and stabs her sword tip into the back spine on Cleopatra, sneering. “And I do not like a coward.”
The big, hairy brown tinted Werewolf dashes ahead with a frown and then slides down over the soft sand grains, reaching out, gathering each snake. “Each one of you will come back with me. I have a happy home for each one of you away from that nasty queen. She only wants to use and abuse your fangs like some many humans do.” He stands and holds the group of hissing snakes, lifting his big body off from the sands, soaring into the air and sails away into outer space.
Inside the ziggurat tower, Sweetbriar leans out and tosses his fist, sneering at werewolf, “Hey there, Mr. Werewolf! You are my creation from my mind. You come back here and do some damage to the other gamer creations. I’m trying to win the slab of gold. And you are not helping me. Do you here my roar, Mr. Werewolf?”
The baritone voice of Mr. Maker laughs out loud inside the Dark Room. “It is a good thing that each gamer does not collect a set of mathematical points. Gamer Sweetbrier would be minus about one thousand points right now,” he laughs with the other gamers.
Inside the ziggurat tower, Sweetbriar raises his fist at the pale sky which is the ceiling inside the Dark Room. “Shut up, Creator! I don’t need this abuse right now!” He drops the arm and leans over the window pane, sneering at the dead monsters.
Near the edge of the shallow ocean waters, goddess of love Aphrodite runs out of her seashells and lifts both hands in the air with a smile. The ocean water bubbles into heat and then produces a gigantic deep blue colored tidal wave, soaring through the air waves, hitting the white sandy shoreline and then drowns King Arthur into death. Then the giant wall of ocean water sucks back down and carries back the dead body.
“Hey, girlfriend!” Fairy Persia flies through the air without a pair of wings and drops down a tan colored rock, hitting near the upright body on Aphrodite. “Do not pollute the ocean waters with garage and trash. I live on an ocean island. Now, that dead body is going to wash ashore onto my homeland and give me nightmares.”
Aphrodite looks up and frowns at the young black haired teenager. “Who are you? What are you? How can you fly without wings? You are not a goddess like me!”
Persia smiles, “I’m a fairy.”
“That’s a funny one. I’m not! I love sex. I’m a sexy girl.”
Persia drops down the rock with a sneer and smashes the bone skull on Aphrodite. Aphrodite drops down into the shallow water in death. Persia laughs and flies away with a smile, diving down, collecting another rock to eliminate another enemy, “Yeah, so, am I.”
A new musical song entitled Pretty Fly starts to sing out loud: You know it’s kind of hard/ Just to get along today/ Our subject isn’t cool/ But he fakes it anyway/ He may not have a clue/ And he may not have style/ But everything he lacks/ Well, he makes up in denial/ So, don’t debate, a player straight/ You know he really doesn’t get it anyway/ He’s gonna play the field, and keep it real/ For you no way, for you no way/ So, if you don’t rate, just overcompensate/ At least you’ll know you can always go on Ricki Lake/ The world needs wannabe’s/ So, do that brand new thing/ Give it to me baby/ Give it to me baby/ Give it to me baby/ And all the girls say I’m pretty fly (for a white guy)…
Note: The musical song entitled Pretty Fly was in the year 1991 performed by Offspring, an American. The rock band hailed from the city of Garden Grove within the US State of California which was formed in the year 1984. The band members consisted of lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist Bryan Hollard; bass guitar player Greg K; lead guitarist Noodles, and drummer Pete Parada.
Inside the command bridge, Decktow dances around the room with a smile. “I’m winning the game. I’m winning the game.”
A new musical song entitled Long Cool Woman (In a Black Dress) starts to sing out loud: Saturday night I was downtown/ Working for the FBI/ Sitting in a nest of bad men/ Whisky bottles piling high/ Bootlegging boozer on the west side/ Full of people who are doing wrong/ Just about to call up the DA man/ When I heard this woman sing a song/ A pair of 45’s made me open my eyes/ My temperature started to rise/ She was a long cool woman in a black dress/ Just a-five nine, beautiful, tall/ With just one look I was a bad mess/ Cause that long cool woman had it all…
Note: The musical song entitled Long Cool Woman (In a Black Dress) was performed by the musical group The Hollies in the year 1972. They were an English pop and rock group band which had been formed by Allan Clarke and Graham Nash in the year 1962 in Manchester, Great Britain.
On the battlefield, goddess of War Athene and Prince Rann spare with a sword. Rann flips her sword into the air. It lands down in the dirt. She pulls out a pick axe and sneers at him. Rann reaches behind his back spine and magically pulls a pick axe, whipping it around the air waves, slamming down her weapon toward the dirt again.
Athene sneers and pulls out a club from her sling. He reaches around his back spine and pulls out the same hand club, swinging it the air, hitting her hand. She drops the club down to the dirt again.
Athene growls and pulls out a long spear, lifting it over her collar bone with a snarl at him.
Rann reaches behind his back spine and pulls out a long spear also, twirling the weapon in front to his semi-naked chest.
She gasps in shock. “How is it possible for you to duplicate each one of my weapons? Are you a god of war here too? I do not recognize your face or your person here.”
He stops the twirl of the long spear and slaps his chest. “No. I’m a Tele Master. I do not come from this galaxy. I come from a different planet and possess magic, like you. So, I can produce all of this stuff, because my hand reaches out and then steals it from inside your weapon sling,” laughing.
Athene rears back and tosses the spear into his chest, striking his heart. Rann gasps and then falls down in death.
The golden colored Regulator moves ahead and blasts an array of bullets from his machine gun into her back spine on Athene. Athene swings around and pulls out a whale harpoon, pitching it into the head on the golden colored Regulator and as she slumps dead on top of the white sand.
Then the golden colored Regulator falls backward in death also and as his machine gun continues to shoot out rounds of live bullets. One of the stray bullets hits through the flying body on Fairy Persia. She drops down and bleeds to death on top of the white sands.
Inside the command bridge on the battleship, Gamer Decktow dances around the room with a smile. “I won. I won. I won the round. I got no points, but I got the win. Hey, Mr. Maker! Did I win the round?”
The loud voice from Mr. Maker shouts out loud inside the Dark Room. “No one won this round of war battle, yet, again. Each, every, and all the hologram objects are destroyed.”
Inside the shuffling green tinted grass hut, Gorse stands upright in front of the open window and holds her right leg with the foot near her frown, waving to her friend Sweetbrier. She sticks out her tongue, winks her left eyelash, waves her five toes on the right foot, and tilts her chin sideways, flicking each finger on her left hand up and down. Each visual signal translates to Sweetbriar: Go and get our set of shared and nasty friends. Then we can both win and share the gold.
Sweetbriar stands upright in front of the open window and holds his left leg with the naked foot near his frown, waving to his friend Gorse. He wiggles his tongue, winks his right eyelid, waves the foot, tosses his head backward, and waves all fingers on the right hand. Each visual signal translates back to Gorse: We cannot share the gold.
He looks up and frowns at her in silence without words.
She wiggles back three of her toes, raises the left eyebrow, flicks the tongue, hops on her one leg, drops her chin down into neck, and present her hand with five outstretched fingers. Each visual signal translates back to Sweetbriar: One of us needs to win the gold. Then we can share equally like partners. Deal!
She looks up and smiles at Sweetbriar.
He shakes his left leg and points the toes on his foot, winking one eyelid at her. Each visual signal translates to Gorse: Deal!
Sweetbriar looks up and stares into the skyline, wiggling both hands in the air and a foot.
She wiggles both hand in the air and her foot also.
Nothing happens.
On top of the elephant, inside the hut at the open window pane, Gorse looks up with a gasp with annoyance and frowns with a sneer, turning to face Sweetbriar again, using her hand signals again. She lifts her right leg with the foot near her frown and shakes her leg and flips her foot up and down at him. The visual signal translates to Sweetbriar: Turn your hands and wiggle them down toward the ground.
He looks up to see the commotion from the side view and then silently nods to Gorse with the universe sign: O yeah!
Sweetbriar continues to lean out the open window and wiggles his hand and one foot in the air with a smile. Gorse duplicates his dance and laughs out loud.
The ocean water boils into the color of red tint. The sky rolls and turns into green hue. The white sand turns in an orange soil. Each rock view on the two tall mountains changes into a pink hue and then slowly cracks open, exhibiting a small fusion.
Inside her princess castle, Caim stares down at each changing land objects with puzzlement and whispers to her eardrums only. “What is going down there on the sand that is now orange hue? What is happening out there?” She looks up with a gasp and views her ex-friends Gorse and Sweetbriar, whispering to her eardrums only. “What are they doing? How can they do that? What is it that they are doing? I don’t understand,” she looks up at the green clouds and frowns at the ceiling inside the Dark Room. “O now! You don’t wanna answer my questions right now. Well, I guess we’ll all find out. Huh, Mr. Maker!”
A new musical song entitled You Spin Me Around (Like a Record) starts to sing out loud: If I, I get to know you name/ Well if I, could trace your private number, baby/ All I know is that to me/ You look like you’re lots of fun/ Open up your loving arms/ I want some, want some/ I set my sights on you (And no one else will do)/ And I, I’ve got to have my way now, baby/ All I know is that to me/ You look like you’re having fun/ Open up your loving arms/ Watch out, here I come/ You spin me right ‘round, baby, right ‘round/ Like a record, baby, right ‘round, ‘round, ‘round/ You spin me right ‘round, baby, right ‘round/ Like a record, baby, right ‘round, ‘round, ‘round…
Note: The true musical song entitled You Spin Me Around (Like a Record) was performed by the musical band Dead or Alive in the year 1984. They were an English pop band which formed in the year 1980 in city of Liverpool within the country of Great Britain. The band members consisted of Peter Burns at vocals; Mike Percy at bass; Steve Coy on drums, and Tim Lever on the keyboard.
On the face of each tan colored mountainside, a tiny crack on the bottom near the white sand grains rapidly grows upward into a long, semi-crooked crack that hits the summit peak, without cutting the mountain in half. A red face peeks out through the crack within the darkness and then an upright body in the skin color of bright red slowly walks out from the crack, slowly moving ahead and turns to stare at the new landscape. The red tinted female demon struts ahead out in a bald head, a solid white business jacket and skirt, a matching white shirt, a matching white skinny necktie, and a pair of green colored fashion heeled sandals ahead a few feet, stops, and produces a sword, staring down at the sand.
Behind the female leader, numerous demons walked out from crack, possessing different colored skin types of green, blue, and red, wearing a lavender or coral business suit and totes a sharp weapon in one hand. Each demon stops and stands in a huddle of semi-crooked rows, turning to scan the new landscape in silence.
Inside the command bridge on the battleship, Decktow stands upright and then leans down into the open window, gasping in horror. “Those are…are colorful demons, the bad guys and gals of the universe.” He looks up into the green clouds and smiles. “Calling all of my heavenly angels, the good guys and gals of the universe, plus some of your old friends to come down here to help me! Help!”
A new musical song entitled Funky Cold Medina starts to sing out loud: All right, dig it/ Cold cooling at a bar, and I’m looking for some action/ But like Mike Jagger said, I can’t get no satisfaction/ The girls are all around, but none of them want to get with me/ My threads are fresh and I’m looking def/ Yo, what’s up with L-o-see?/ The girls is all jocking at the other end of the bar/ Having drinks with some no-name chump, when they know that I’m the star/ So, I got up and strolled over to the other side of the cantina/ I asked the guy, “Why you so fly?/ He said, “Funky Cold Medina”/ Funky Cold Medina…
Note: The true musical song entitled Funky Cold Medina was performed by singer Anthony Terrell Smith or known by his stage name Tone Lōc. He was an American rapper and actor. The song was released in the year 1989.
The green tinted sky roars with loud thunder and blasts in rolls of yellow tinted lightning bolts, clearing out, producing a single object. The object hovers among the green clouds and shows an upright male, displaying a pair of black colored jeans, a sleeveless matching vest, a matching long shirt, a long matching duster coat, a pair of matching cowboy boots, and a pair of black colored wings that glitter from sweat. The shoulder length hair is blonde colored. The face is pale skinned and dusted with light whiskers on a puzzled frown. Archangel Michael holds a pick axe in one hand and stares down on the ground at the rows of colored demons in silence.
Behind the male leader, numerous rows of angels appear and exhibit different types of hair colors, skin tones, heights, weights, muscular, and lean body frames, wearing a pair of black tinted jeans, a sleeveless matching vest, a matching long shirt, a long matching duster coat, a pair of matching cowboy or cowgirl boots, and a pair of white colored wings that gleam from sweat and heat. Each angel holds a wicked sharp weapon in one hand and studies the new landscape.
The musical song entitled Funky Cold Medina ends playing the musical notes and words as the two most powerful supernatural beings stand around the air waves without fighting or shouting or screaming or stirring. The landscape is silence.
On top of the sitting elephant inside the hut, Gorse leans down through the open window and points down at the lead demon, shouting out loud with a lady sneer, “Demons, go and attack them over there, right now! I am your creator. You must attack the gang of angels and defeat them.”
On top of the orange sand grains, the female lead of the colorful demon scratches a red colored arm and shakes her bald mound, looking up, shouting out loud to Gorse, “No, honey! You ain’t my Creator, either, babe. And the attack on the sweet innocent hard-body angels happens much, much later in time, not right now, doll,” she looks over with a smile and waves to the angel, “Hey, Michael! Do you wanna go and grab a beer? I’m really hot and thirty for some reason.”
Archangel Michael continues to hover in the air and waves a hand and a smile down at the female leader of the demons, echoing out loud, “Yeah! That’s sound wet and good! We’ll meet at the same sweet spot on the planet.”
“Yeah, see ya there, angel!” The female leader demon laughs with a nod. “I love saying that,” she spins around and waves both arms in the air, shuffling through the crowd of other colorful demons, “False alarm, folks! This is a false alarm, people! Herald it through the troops. Zap away your weapon, too, before some demon gets hurt. This is a false alarm. A bunch of silly teenagers sounded a false alarm playing with their buzzer box or button or butthole. Get back inside! Go back inside! We’re going to go and get a cold tall beer with our buddies,” she vanishes back into the long and tall semi-crooked crack with the crowd of other demons. Then the tall open crack slowly mends back down and closes up the side of the mountain.
Inside the hut, Gorse stands upright and crosses her arms with a sour frown. “Well, I’ve never.”
The loud voice from Mr. Maker shouts out loud inside the Dark Room. “And you never will, gamer. A good thing there is not any collected mathematical points here within this hologram game. Gamers Sweetbriar and Gorse would possess a negative one billion points,” he exhales. “Now, no one won this round of war battle, either, yet, again. Each, every, and all the hologram objects went back home.”
Inside the tower room on the tall ziggurat building, Sweetbriar leans over and touches the side wall of stone that displays the weapon meter, frowning in fury. “My demons are all gone. My weapons are gone. Everything is gone, but these silly green colored clouds. What planet possesses a set of green colored clouds? I don’t know. But it’s not here. I can’t believe that I have lost it all,” he sits down on the floor and loudly curses his bad luck.
Within the hologram battleship, standing around each burning, smoking, and slightly destroyed walls inside his command bridge, Decktow paces side to side in front of the open window with a stern face. “Well, this is it, my crew of invisible men and women! I am outta of hologram ammunition. My electronic weapon meter shows the math number zero point zero which represents nothing. Nada. Zippo. Now, my war battleship is going to slowly sink down into the deep, dark ocean waters and then encounter that pod of killer sharks. I wanna if a shark bit hurts. Anyways, I have lost the hologram game,” he sits down on the floor and exhales with depression.
Inside the princess castle, on top of the tower, Caim moves ahead, stops and stands in front of the console stand, gasping in alarm. The weapon meter displays the math number: 0.00.
She frowns with worry. “O no! I’m out of hologram weapons. My hologram weapon bank is empty. What do I do now? I…I don’t have any more hologram weapons. O no! I’m a sitting duck here in my princess castle. I’ve used up my supply of weapons. And I’m doomed to a hologram game death now. The next bomb from my ex-friend Gorse or Sweetbriar or cute hunky Decktow will explode my pretty, precious, princess castle and me too. Well, the question is here. Should I go or should I stay?”
A new musical song entitled Should I Stay or Should I Go starts to sing out loud: Darling you got to let me know/ Should I stay or should I go?/ If you say that you are mine/ I’ll be here until the end of time/ So, you got to let me know/ Should I stay or should I go?/ It’s always tease, tease, tease/ You’re happy when I’m on my knees/ One day, it’s fine and next it's black/ So, if you want me off your back/ Well, come on and let me know/ Should I stay or should I go…
Note: The true musical song Should I Stay or Should I Go had been performed in the year 1982 by the musical group The Clash, which was an English rock band from the city of London in the year 1976.
On top of the three-legged sitting giant elephant inside the green tinted hut, Gorse encircles the wooden floor and tosses both of her arms into the air with a sneer. “What to do now? I’m outta of my hologram weapons. I need one great big loud bomb to destroy one teen. No. I really need three great big, loud bombs to destroy all three teens.
The interior of the Dark Room, the sound remains silence and quiet. In-between each damaged hologram command building, the rows of audience members swiftly stand upright from their chair and flings both arms and feet into the air without making noise inside the Dark Room.
Inside her princess castle, Caim leans down over the console platform with a sigh of depression, talking to her person from boredom while waiting on the last bomb to explode her princess self and her princess castle. “Mr. Maker said that the gamer with the most toys wins the game. That’s a very strange word, toys. Each electronic image was a deadly object, not a fun toy. A toy is something that is fun and makes you happy. The last gamer with the most toys wins the hologram game! What a batch of doggie poop! Yeah, I get it. I don’t have any more hologram weapons or toys or objects or things, so I lose. I’m a loser. Well, I might be a loser here on the island, but my family is here on the island resort sands too. So, I’m a winner with my family including my mom, my dad, and ever my little annoying sister. So, I still have my set of parents. I wonder if they are still playing inside the Dark Room in front of their particular black screen. Probably not! I don’t know the time, but my stomach growls for food. The time must be close to the dinner meal. Yeah, I’m hunger too. Well, I have one more day of play here on my island vacation. Mom! Dad! Can you hear me from here?” She stands upright and looks up into the mint green metal ceiling with a giggle, waving both of her arms with a laugh, “Hey, Yarrow! I’m here inside the Teenly Wasteland game, wasting my teenly time, to boot. Where are you? Yarrow, you, our mom, and our dad should be here too. Then we can waste time together,” laughing.
On the battlefield center, the sky is green clouds. The ocean water is red tint. The sand grains are orange colored. The breeze is cool. The sound is silent. On top of the plot of manicured green tinted grass, in front of the princess castle, a hologram body of Caim’s mom appears. Then, a hologram body of Caim’s dad appears and stands beside a hologram image of his younger daughter Yarrow.
On top of the sitting elephant inside the hut, Gorse encircles the wooden floor again and passes the open window pane. She stops with a gasp and back steps, leaning over the pane with puzzlement. “What is going down there? Why are there people there in people form? Who are those people in people form? There are three additional…” she gasps. “No! No! No! I must stop this. Then I win it all!”
The new musical song I Want It All starts to sing out loud: Adventure seeker on an empty street/ Just an alley creeper, light on his feet/ A young fighter screaming, with no time for doubt/ With the pain and anger can’t see a way out/ It isn’t much I’m asking/ I heard him say/ Got to find me a future/ Move out of my way/ I want it/ I want it/ I want it all, and I want it now/ I want it/ I want it/ I want it all, and I want it now…
Note: The musical song entitled I Want It All was performed by the musical group Queen in the year 1989.
On top of the sitting elephant inside the hut, Gorse sneers in fury and bounces up and down on top of the wooden floor which controls her hologram gigantic elephant. The giant elephant slowly stands upright from the tan colored sand on three legs and then leaps up into the air, flying through the air toward the three members, which faces their daughter Caim inside her princess castle.
Inside the tall ziggurat building, Sweetbriar stands upright with a frown and marches toward the open window, leaning out with a smile. “Gorse, she has decided to really battle for the slab of gold. Why are the three people standing on the manicured grass? Who are these three people? No. No. No. I don’t believe it. Go, Gorse! Get rid of them! Then I will win the slab of gold,” he rubs his hand together with a laugh.
Inside the command bridge on the battleship, Decktow hears loud music and then worries, swiftly standing upright, moving toward the open window. He stops and leans down with a gasp. “What’s happening down there?”
Inside the princess tower, Caim frowns hearing the loud music and then scoots around the console, stopping in front of the window and gasps in alarm. She views each one of her family members, who faces her castle. Then she sees a gigantic flying elephant that dives down toward their upright bodies. She waves both of her arms in the air, leaning out the window, shouting out loud. “No. No. Mom! Dad! Yarrow! Run! Run! Move! Get away from the runaway elephant! It is coming toward your back spines. Get away! Hurry!”
Each one of her family members continues to stand on top of the orange sands and lifts an arm, wiggling a hand at Caim, wearing a smile. Caim continues to wave both of her arms with the dire warning of a hologram death.
The green tinted sky morphs into a set of black angry clouds. A single strike of yellow tinted lightning bolt swirls inside the black clouds and then hits out, striking the limping elephant, killing Gamer Gorse.
A new musical song Stairway to Heaven starts to sing out loud: There’s a lady who’s sure all the glitters is gold/ And she’s buying the stairway to heaven….
Note: The musical song Stairway to Heaven was performed by the English rock band Led Zeppelin and released in year 1971. The song was composed by guitarist Jimmy Page and vocalist Robert Plant. The band members comprised guitarist Jimmy Page; drummer John Bonham, singer Robert Plant, and bass guitar and keyboardist John Paul Jones.
Inside the Dark Room, an angry voice coming from Mr. Maker shouts out loud. “There is to be no more destruction here. Gamer Gorse has lost her position within the hologram game. Thus, she is gone. I mentioned before the gamer with the most toys wins. If you have not figured it out, which Gamer Caim sorta did, the last set of toys is the sweet hologram of your individual family members, which will win the hologram game. Gamer Caim has three hologram toys left.”
Each hologram member from Caim’s family continues to stand in place and waves at Caim like nothing is wrong. Caim stands at the widow and waves back to the hologram image of her family with confusion.
Each member from Sweetbriar’s family appears one at a time, the image of his mom and then his father. Sweetbriar stands at the window and clasp for his family members with a smile.
“Gamer Sweetbriar has two holograms left,” Mr. Maker shouts out loud inside the Dark Room.
From Decktow’s family unit, each member appears one at a time, the hologram image of his mom, his father, his little brother, and his dog.
“Gamer Decktow has four holograms left,” Mr. Maker shouts out loud inside the Dark Room.
A new musical song Jeremiah was a Bullfrog starts to sing out loud: Jeremiah was a bullfrog/ Was a good friend of mine/ I never understood a single word he said/ But I helped him a-drink his wine/ And he always had some mighty fine wine/ Singing/ Joy to the world/ All the boys and girls now/ Joy to the fishes in the deep blue sea/ Joy to you and me/ If I were the king of the world/ Tell you what I’d do/ I’d throw away the cars and the bars and the war/ Make sweet love to you/ Sing it now/ Joy to the world/ All the boys and girls/ Joy to the fishes in the deep blue sea/ Joy to you and me…
Note: The true musical song Jeremiah was a Bullfrog was performed by the American rock band Three Dog Night in the year 1970. The band formed in the year 1967 with vocalists Danny Hutton, Cory Wells, and Chuck Negron, Jimmy Greenspoon on the keyboards; Joe Schermie on the bass guitar; Michael Allsup on the guitar, and Floyd Sneed on the drums.
Each remaining gamer quickly disappears from their individual command building and sits down inside an individual curved, black colored metal chair inside the Dark Room. The room returns back into black hue metal on the floor, the ceiling and all four walls.
In the center of the floor, the panel slides open. Mr. Maker slowly lifts upward from the underground tunnel with a smile. “The hologram game Teenly Wasteland has been completed,” he slowly spins around to see each gamer and then stops, pointing at Decktow. “Gamer Decktow with his four holograms wins the trillion dollars that is composed from the slab of gold.”
Decktow continues to sit in the metal chair and gasps in shock, not moving.
Sweetbriar continues to sit in the metal chair and frowns. “Like me and Caim, Decktow didn’t have a single hologram weapon to launch an attack to win the game. How does he win the slab of gold?”
Mr. Maker nods. “I mentioned before each gamer received the same amount of hologram weapons. During the game, each gamer had used up each hologram weapon in the pretend war. Thus, there were not any more hologram weapons to launch an attack on your fellow gamer and win the game.”
Sweetbriar sneers. “So, how does Decktow win the hologram game? He and I are empty of hologram weapons. He and I are equal with nothing, but a black tinted jumpsuit, sitting inside a metal chair like the start of any new hologram game. He and I didn’t kill each other. And I still do not agree or understand here.”
Caim sits in her metal chair with a smile and wears her black tinted jumpsuit, “Because, Mr. Maker said to each one of us, before the game of war: the gamer with the most toys wins. This is not a literally translation, but a figuratively one. A toy is a happy object, not a mean object, such like a soldier, a tank, or a gun. The toy here inside the Teenly Wasteland is each one of our family members. I have three family members, including my mom, my dad, and my little sister. You have two additional family members, your mom and your dad. Decktow has four family members…”
“I got it. I see it. I don’t believe it,” Sweetbriar gasps. “I have a total of three family members within my mud house in real life and here inside the island resort on our vacation. Caim has a total of four family members within her mud house in real life and here inside the island resort on her vacation. So, Decktow has a total of five family members within his mud house in real life and here inside the island resort on his vacation. Am I wrong? Is that correct?”
Mr. Maker smiles, “You are correct, Gamer Sweetbriar.”
Sweetbriar frowns. “I was beaten by a dog. I lost to the family dog. Decktow’s family includes his mom, his dad, his little brother, and a dang dog which makes five hologram figures inside the Teenly Wasteland hologram game. I didn’t understand any of this.”
Decktow nods with a stern face. “My dog has lived within my family unit, since he was a small puppy. I found that puppy, when another mean human had abandoned the baby animal all alone and hunger and cold. Now, our dog travels everywhere with us, even here to the island resort. He loves to travel with us. He eats his supper meal in the kitchen with us. And he sleeps with my little brother for companionship. Yes, my dog is the fifth member of my family unit for a very long time here.”
Sweetbriar frowns. “So, then, we could have ended the game by counting up each family member hologram, some few hours ago. That’s easy.”
Decktow waves both arms with a sour frown. “No. No. This was not easy,” he slaps his chest with a smile. “Each gamer had to figure out where the gold was and then arrive here without a hologram death. Within the current and active Teenly Wasteland game coming from the hundreds of teens, only the three of us finished the game. Now, what happens, Mr. Maker?”
Mr. Maker smiles, “Gamer Decktow is correct. This task was not easy and the game has served its purpose in more than one way. I do believe that a violence act or action or reaction is not the proper answer that each one of us seeks as a human being. In the end, only peace and harmony will rule the world which is filled with numerous peaceful family members. I should conclude our gamer business now. Gamer Decktow wins the one trillion electronic dollars from the game which will be placed inside a separate electronic bank account for the teen. Congratulations, again, Decktow! Gamers Caim and Sweetbriar will receive one hundred thousand electronic dollars completing the game without a hologram death. Congratulations, Gamers Caim and Sweetbriar!” Caim and Sweetbriar bounce up and down inside the metal chair with happiness.
Mr. Maker nods with a grin. “Now, the Teenly Wasteland hologram game will be retired as the final grand prize has been sought, stolen, and stored by Gamer Decktow,” he waves his hand.
Each metal chair sinks down into the floor, rapidly scoots sideways through a dark tunnel and stops, lifting up into the bright lights inside the island resort Dark Room in the same spot in front of the glass screen that glows in tiny sparkles of light without a running hologram game.


Island Resort location
Dark Room setting
Hot temperatures with bright sunlight
07:07 pm


Inside the room, a set of parents for both Caim and Decktow dashed ahead and stopped beside the metal chair with their child, assisting the child out of the chair and moved away from the glass screen. Each family unit huddled and hugged in a set of whispered words with a smile.
Her father Batum and her other Jaybow pulled back from the hug.
Batum nodded with a grin to Caim. “Congratulations honey! We saw the hologram game action. You did a great job, Caim. We’re so proud. Even, if you have been given one hundred thousand electronic coins, you still must pass your medical technician test.”
She gasped in alarm with a worried brow. “Did you see everything inside the Teenly Wasteland hologram game?”
He smiled. “What everything? We saw the final Dark Room battle with your three other gamers.”
She nodded with a laugh. “O! That’s good. That’s great. That was fun, sorta!”
Her mother Jaybow pulled on the arm of her daughter. “Come on, Caim! We have family activities this evening. The terrible storm has finally ceased. We go walk around the sands and the beach, maybe go boating in the sea ocean.”
Caim continued to stand and nodded with a smile and then frowned. “Yeah, I wanna go and walk on the beach with ya’ll, too. But, I’m confused.”
“What are you confused about, Caim?” Jaybow smiled.
She exhales. “Well, I had learned that most of the other teens had visited here with their family unit numerous times before. However, this is my first time here on the island resort. Why is this first family trip here to the island resort?”
Batum turned and nodded to his wife Jaybow. She turned and nodded at Caim. “Well, we wanted to tell you when we had returned home. However, we can tell you now.”
Caim frowned. “Tell me! What are you going to say to me, Mom?”
“Well, you did it,” Jaybow slightly bounced up and down with excitement beside her husband.
“I did it. What did I do?” Caim frowned.
Batum nodded with a smile. “You did it, Caim. You played inside that silly closet that is called a Dark Room and finally busted through one hundred gigabytes of free internet air waves within the sixty-minute session. When you did that, we received an invitation to the island resort as the grand prize vacation.”
Caim gasped in shock. “I did.”
Jaybow nodded with a smile. You did it. You really did it.”
She frowned. “But you didn’t believe my tall tale. You told me that….”
“Yes, we did.” Batum nodded with a stern face. “I mean I had heard the wonderful vacation rumors also. But not many teens can waste one hundred gigabytes of free internet air waves within a sixty-minute deadline. That takes a very talented daughter, who can do that,” he smiled at Caim.
Caim smiled, “Thanks, Mom and Dad!”
“Thank you, honey!” Jaybow smiled. “We’re having so much fun here. But we only have one more day of fun, so let’s get back to the fun.”
“Okay, Mom! I wanna said goodbye to my ex-gamer friends,” Caim smiled.
Her mom nodded and then left Caim, exiting the Dark Room with her husband and her younger daughter Yarrow.
Caim stood alone and moved ahead, stopped beside the metal chair, leaning down with a smile over the pink colored hair roots on Sweetbriar. “Well, it was nice to meet and play with you, Sweetbriar. I hope to see…”
“Nope!” Sweetbriar stood upright from the chair and stared at the glass screen, removing the jumpsuit, without seeing Caim, “You will not see me again. This is my last vacation here. I must pass my required academic studies for an adult job and go to work for the rest of my life. One hundred thousand electronic coins will not last a lifetime like one trillion electronic coins would. So, this is my last hurrah also,” he dropped the jumpsuit onto the floor and exposed his pink tinted bathing suit, spinning around, moving away from Caim, exiting the Dark Room.
Caim waved with a smile at the back spine on Sweetbriar. “Good bye and good luck, Sweetbriar!” She spun around, moved ahead, and then stopped in front of Decktow. His parents had left the Dark Room with his brother and the dog. “Decktow,” she leaned over and hugged his neck, pulling with a smile.
Decktow smiles and winks at her. “Thank you so much! You were the catalyst that made me wanna find the gold. I admit inside the game I would get flustered, frustrated, depressed, mad, sad, glad, happy and then quit. But you made me charge ahead…”
“And ahead you charged right straight toward the gold,” she smiled. “This was fun. I might try another complex hologram game. What about you?”
He slapped his chest with a smile. “I found my reward and my heart. Maybe, we can go out for lunch together. I mean. I don’t really have to work a job anymore now. I mean, maybe, when you start working and have a lunch break. I can fly over and take you to lunch. How does that sound, Caim?”
She reached over with a wink and slapped his arm with a smile, dropping her hand into the jumpsuit. “That’s a lunch date, buddy!”
Decktow back stepped from Caim and spun around, leaving her, exiting the Dark Room.
She looked up to see the glass screen with a nod and then turned to face the open archway, exiting the Dark Room with a smile while humming the musical song entitled I Want It All.



Two weeks later…


Cold temperatures with gray clouds and dull sunlight
Home of Jaybow and Batum
Dark Room setting with Yarrow
09:09 am


Two weeks later, eighteen-year-old medical technician Caim and her working pair of parents left their mud house and entered the flying solar car for a paying job during the day.
On the third floor, inside the darkness of the tiny Dark Room, Yarrow wore a black tinted jumpsuit and sat inside the curved, smooth black tinted metal chair, leaning over, pressing the button with a smile. Her hands slipped over and patted the furry skull on the tiny six-week-old white colored kitten inside her lap. “Now, don’t be frightened, kitty! We’re going to take a ride on a boat and find the lost treasure of diamonds. This is going to be fun, kitty.” On the top of the metal floor on each side of the chair, a bowl of fresh water contained two small golden colored fish and a turtle plus a small wire cage that hold two lazy hamsters.
A new musical song entitled Born To Be Wild starts to sing out loud: Get your motor running/ Head out on the highway/ Looking for adventure/ And whatever comes our way/ Yeah, darling, go make it happen/ Take the world in a love embrace/ Fire all of your guns at once/ And explode into space/ I like smoke and lightning/ Heavy metal thunder/ Racing with the wind/ And the feeling that I’m under/Yeah, Darling, go make it happen/ Take the world in a love embrace/ Fire all of your guns at once/ And explode into space/ Like a true nature’s child/ We were born, born to be wild/ We can climb so high/ I never wanna die/ Born to be wild/ Born to be wild…
Note: The musical song entitled Born to be Wild was performed by the Canadian-American rock band Steppenwolf in the year 1968. The musical band had formed in the year 1967 in the city of Los Angeles by lead singer John Kay, keyboardist Goldy McJohn, and drummer Jerry Edmonton.



The End
