Familiar (#3 in The Rena Files)
By Lyza Ledo
Copyright 2013 Lyza Ledo
Smashwords Edition

This Book is a work of fiction. Any references to historical events, real people, or real locales are used fictitiously. Other names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination, and any resemblance to actual events locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
Dedication
To the best cheerleaders a girl can have!
Four aunts is more than anyone needs 
but I could never picture life without all of them.
I love you!
Acknowledgements

Thanks Kasey at PWL Editing for all the help!
Chapter 1
I couldn’t remember the last time I had went out with Jesse. These past few months had been chaotic in the worse way.
College prep was not conducive to a growing relationship. We had spent weeks barely even talking while we wrote essays, completed applications, and took a few college tours on our own. Thankfully, all our applications were done and there was a little hiatus from school known as Winter Break.
I heard the familiar sound of Jesse’s baritone voice as Krystal let him into the house. It was about time! I raced down the stairs from my room, anticipating the look of my still drop dead gorgeous boyfriend. I ran straight into his arms. It had been an entire week since I even talked to him and that was just too long. 
“I missed you too, Ren.” He said still hugging me. 
“I don’t know if you are allowed to leave the country without me again.”
“I’ll do my best.” He said with a soft chuckle that reverberated through his chest. 
Jess had gone away for Christmas with his family to Cancun. I was beyond happy to have him back because a few IMs were nowhere near enough conversation.
“How was it?” I said finally letting him go, and absorbing his freshly tanned complexion. His dark brown hair, that he was growing out, had a slight curl at the ends. His startlingly blue eyes seemed to be even brighter with his darker complexion and that oh-so-sexy five o’clock shadow. God, he really was a sight for sore eyes. 
“Let’s go to dinner and we can talk.” He said grabbing my hand. I quickly shrugged on my winter coat, waved bye to Aunt Krystal, and my soon to be, Uncle Todd. 
~~~
“Did I tell you how much I missed you?” He said pulling me in for what seemed like the fiftieth kiss we shared while we walked to the car. Dinner had been all about the great things Jesse had done with his family. 
They had gone snorkeling, fishing, laid by the beach, visited some ruins, and there was still more. I was happy he had fun. He was so stressed about school and graduating that he needed the vacation. 
That wasn’t exactly the real reason for the vacation. Honestly, it was all about Jen.  After what happened this summer, Jesse’s parents had decided they needed to get Jen’s mind off the trauma at their earliest convenience. Not only did they go to Cape May, Maryland right after the trial, but they also planned this Christmas vacation just in case she was still “suffering.” 
Jen is a resilient person and despite her parents worry she pulled through it a lot better than I even imagined. It had taken me almost a year to get over all that happened with Caitlin and company, not to mention some added drama with the Sorority Killer. Jen was a champ, went to therapy, and really was back to herself in a matter of three months. She stopped having nightmares after a month. One pesky month. Hell, I’m still having nightmares.
“My house?” He said, his left eyebrow slightly raised and making it absolutely impossible to say no. 
“Are your parents home?”
“You’re kidding? They have had no contact with the restaurant for over a week. They aren’t leaving until closing for the next month.”
“Jen?”
“Already back at school.” That mischievous grin was all the more invitation I needed. 
I nodded in excitement. He pressed a little harder on the Corolla’s gas pedal and in a matter of minutes we were parking in the driveway of his house. No other cars were parked there so this was a good start. 
Jesse opened the door and yelled “Mom, Dad?” We were met with silence. Jesse sent another devilish smile my way and he was pulling me towards his room. No matter how often we escaped into the solace of Jesse’s room it was always a rush that left my heart pounding.  I was living on the wild side, or as far on the wild side as I cared to go. Jesse shut his door behind me and pulled me into his arms. 
Nine months together, I was sure I would never get tired of the feel of his lips on mine. I would especially never get used to the way his seafoam blue eyes filled with lust when we were this close to each other. He pushed me further into his room until the back of my knees met the edge of his bed. 
“I’m so happy we get to make up for lost time.” I giggled stupidly as he pushed me on the bed and kissed my neck, then my shoulder, and back up to where he met my mouth. 
“I think you have to stay here the rest of break. I don’t want to spend another minute away from you.” He said taking a small break to look at me. It was almost like he was memorizing this moment.
“What’s up?” I said before he started to make my insides turn to mush with his kisses again. 
“Nothing. I just missed you.” He said resuming his torturous trail of kisses down my shoulder. 
“Jess.” I persisted.
“Don’t you think this is all going to change next year?” He said rolling off of me and lying flat on his back staring at his perfectly white ceiling. 
“Not if we don’t want it to. We are going to go to school together and we’ll take some classes together, and sneak into each other’s dorm rooms at night. It will be better.” I said turning over to look at him. 
“You don’t think we will change?”
“Of course we’ll change. We will be thrust into adulthood.” I said teasingly. “We will have more freedom. No parents to tell us what to do. I’m sure that we won’t change. I will still love you and I know nothing will ever change that.” He smiled and placed a chaste kiss on my lips. 
“I’m going to stop worrying and picture your future because it’s much nicer.” 
I smiled. “Glad I could help.” I said rolling over on top of him. 
“Do you know that tomorrow is the New Year’s party?” I rolled off of him.
“Mood killer.” I groaned as I laid flat on his bed beside him.
“Hey.” He said turning toward me. He pushed a strand of hair out of my face. “We never decided if we were going.”
“Let’s stay in.” I said leaning in so our faces were only a few inches apart. 
“You promised Dave and Whit.” I rolled my eyes remembering how Whitney had backed me into a corner. Telling me that this party was important for her. She wanted to start the New Year right. I could understand that after all the drama that happened this year.  Whitney was a bit superstitious though and believed that if we didn’t go to the party, it was a bad omen to our New Year. I didn’t believe that but the wild look in Whitney’s eyes told me she believed it wholeheartedly. 
“I guess we are going to a New Year’s Eve party.” I said moving in closer to him. “I’m tired of talking.” I said making sure he got my hint. He did.
Chapter 2
Jesse picked all of us up and we were heading to the trendy area right at the limits of Walterville, with amazing views of Philadelphia’s City skyline in the distance. Dana Glass was throwing the party. Whitney and Dana were on the soccer team together and were well acquainted. Whitney wasn’t exactly close to Dana accept through a shared love of soccer. Dana invited Whitney and whoever else she wanted. This was the party of the year and it was invitation only. 
We pulled up to a perfectly manicured neighborhood. In Walterville, there were three streets that housed extravagant homes here. Crystal Lane, Green Acre Park, where Jesse lived, and East Avenue, where the party was tonight. There were cars crowded on every side of the road. We figured we were at the right house when we saw the full entryway with at least six cars sitting in the long circular driveway. The house was a three story, brick colonial. The music was so loud we heard it clearly outside. I took hold of Jesse’s hand and we headed for the bright red front door. 
Whitney opened the door with a sturdy push. The front hall was full, it looked like our entire high school was here. Dana was moving around people, carrying an innocuous red Solo cup. Whitney caught up to her for a quick chat. Dana hugged Whitney and then Dave. I heard a shout and Melanie Fletcher came in to rush Whitney into another hug. 
“I guess she’s popular,” Jesse said from beside me. I held back a chuckle as Whit laughed with Melanie about something. We knew Whitney was more social than me. I was totally okay with being socially awkward. Being nice was exhausting.
“Reed?” A male voice shouted and tackled Dave from behind. 
“Hey, Evan.” Dave said catching his breath a bit after the tall guy knocked the hell out of him. 
“Whit, beautiful.” Evan continued pulling Whitney into a hug she didn’t look like she wanted. Melanie rolled her eyes and walked away. 
“You guys on the rocks, again?” Whitney said when Evan finally let her go. 
“No, Mel and I are done for good.” Evan said seriously. A flair up of anger was clear in his tightened jaw. 
I looked this guy over, Evan Blackwell. He was in a couple classes with me. He played soccer with David. I didn’t think he was any good though. I had never seen him play and I had been to quite a few games. When Whitney wasn’t playing she was dragging me to every home game for Dave. Back to the point, Evan had a tall, athletic build. Even though he was second string I knew exactly why someone like Melanie Fletcher would be interested in him. Evan’s bleary gaze landed on Jesse and I. He stared  at us hard, like he was trying to look through us and was having trouble. 
“David, are you not going to introduce me to your friends?” He slurred. He was obviously inebriated. I had never heard anything about Dave and Evan even being friends. This matchup was new to me. 
“Evan, this is Rena and Jesse.”
“Rena?” He said thinking over the name. “Like Rena Solis?” He said looking me over a little too long for comfort. 
“Yeah.” I said back as I leaned toward Jesse for support.
“No, shit! You are the one that found the dead body at the prom.” He said knowing exactly why he knew me. “That must have been really...” he stopped talking when he saw my glare.
“Thanks, Evan, but I’d much rather talk about anything other than dead bodies.” I said looking over at Jesse. He seemed to catch the hint. 
“We are going to grab some drinks.” Jesse said. “Catch you later?” Whit and Dave nodded in understanding. Dave exhaled deeply, like he wished he could get away just as easily. 
“I can’t believe he said that.” I complained. 
“Ren,” Jess started, “Relax, he was drunk. He’s probably not even going to remember what a jerk he was tonight.” I nodded, knowing he was right. “I was surprised he even talked that much.”
“Yeah, I always thought he was the strong, silent type.” Jesse agreed and passed me a can of diet coke. “Thanks.” I said as we started to move further into the party. 
“Harris!” Someone shouted and a large guy came barreling towards Jesse and pulled him in for a hug. Jesse smiled and chatted with the guy for a few minutes, mostly catching up on all that he missed by not being on the football team anymore. 
“Rena Solis, is that you?” A girl’s voice said from behind me.
I turned over to see quite the sight. “Meredith Porter.” I said with a smile as I pulled her in for a hug. 
“It’s been forever, girl. I thought you dropped off the planet.”  She said letting go of our embrace. I looked her over. I had known Meri since middle school. She was sweet, funny, and one of the most honest people I had ever met. We had been close until sophomore year of high school. Caitlin and Meri had a falling out over some boy and I went team Caitlin. Meri was gorgeous. Until the end of our freshman year, she had a decent amount of baby fat. She had since shed that and the mousey brown hair for a dark blonde with highlights. 
“I feel like it’s been a whole lifetime since I last saw you. How’s everything been?”
“Oh good. College has been sucking away any semblance of a social life I used to have.” She said with wistful smile.
“I hear you, I just finished and it is such a relief.” I felt a hand wrap around my waist and Meri’s shock confirmed that my loving boyfriend had stopped talking to whatever friend he was with. 
“No way!” Meri said surprised as she looked back and forth at both of us.
“Meri, great to see you.” Jesse said with a sexy smile, adding to his allure. He gave her a quick hug as she continued to flounder with the idea that Jesse and I were, in fact,  together.
“You and Jesse?” She said pointing at me stunned to silence. A first for Meri, I’m sure. She looked at both of us, still not registering what we were saying to her. 
“Congratulations, it took long enough.” She said smiling broadly. 
“Oh another person telling us how they knew we were perfect for each other.” I joked. 
“Where were you all four years ago?” He teased and Meri just blushed. 
“I just never thought it would happen. You are much smarter than I gave you credit for, Jesse.” Meri said back. She had found her words again. 
“Ren, did you...Meri?” Dave said grabbing Meri in a fierce bear hug. 
“Hi, Dave.” Meri said even more embarrassed. She had the biggest crush on Dave when I first met him. Just like me, Dave stayed with Caitlin because of his crush on her and our closeness. I didn’t realize how much Caitlin affected my life until she was out of it. 
“This is my girlfriend, Whitney.” Dave said introducing Whit as she followed along. We all talked, remembering old times that were fun and easy, not dark and twisted and full of Caitlin. 
“I hope you know I haven’t touched a marshmallow since the bonfires.” Meri joked as she started to wrap up seeing us. I had really liked Meri, when we were growing up it was always Cait, me, and Meri. How that fell apart without me trying to fix it is beyond me. I should have tried harder. 
With one last wave Meri was heading over to what I assumed was her new group of friends. I stepped ahead and grabbed her arm. “Meri, I’m sorry.” I said meaning it to my soul. 
“For what?” She asked with a knowing smile. 
“For letting us fall through the cracks.” 
Her smile dissolved, “It wasn’t you, Ren. I never blamed you.” 
“I blamed me. I shouldn’t have stopped talking to you. We had been friends forever. Some guy shouldn’t have gotten in the way of that.”
She hugged me again. “I’m glad you found yourself, Ren.” She said and continued walking away. I went back to my friends and she went to hers. We had separate lives.
My spirits were a little down after seeing Meri. She brought back all the bad things I did for Caitlin and it was a bit unnerving. I looked at Dave, who seemed to be thinking the exact same thing. 
“Do you feel like someone dropped a bucket of cold water over you, too?” Dave asked still running through what had transpired in his head. “I haven’t seen Mer since...” He tried to think back.
“Since she started dating Robbie Mescal.” I finished. He nodded in agreement. 
Chapter 3
“Ten minutes to midnight!” Whitney screamed excitedly over the crowd and music. We had all gathered into the living room at 11:30, swarming around the flat screen TV mounted over the fireplace preparing to watch the ball drop in New York City.  Everyone was a bit crammed and the little space we had was enough to sustain us until midnight. 
Cheering started to occur as we got closer to the New Year. Evan Blackwell was even further inebriated and attempted to body surf through the crowd. It ended as quickly as it started and I heard the loud thud as they dropped him to the ground. Jesse pulled me close to him, a mischievous grin on his face. This was our first New Year’s together. We were going to make this memorable. He pulled me by my waist up close to him. I smiled, wrapping my arms around his neck. 
“You are staying here until that ball drops.” He said close enough that I just wanted to pull him the last few inches towards me and kiss him. 
“There’s nowhere else I’d rather be.” I said memorizing every second. It was our first New Year and hopefully the start of a wonderful tradition. 
I heard Dana and Melanie going around passing out noisemakers. Whitney grabbed a few and I put on my New Year’s hat ready to start the countdown. 
I knew it was time when the crowd shouted. “Ten...nine....eight.” I joined in with everyone else. I was happy we were here enjoying the New Year and forgetting all the bad that came with last year. “Five... Four.... Three... Two....one” Noisemakers and shouts went off but I didn’t care. Jesse had pulled me in for our first kiss this year. 
He left no doubt in my mind. We were going to spend every year exactly like this. I pulled away and grabbed the closest person to me. Whitney. I hugged her and then grabbed Dave. “We are gonna do it right this year.” He said knowingly. 
“We can’t get any luckier.” I said letting go of him. I hugged a few more acquaintances and was pulled back into Jesse’s embrace. It was time to go, the party was dying down and there seemed to be a mass exodus through the front door. Whitney guided us out of the far less used back door and we made it to the car without any issue. 
The ride home was quiet. Whitney had fallen asleep as soon as we were in the car. Jesse held my hand the entire drive. We dropped off sleeping beauty first, next was Dave. When Jesse pulled up to my house. He didn’t let me leave that easily. He kissed me again. One of those lip locks that turned my insides to melted ice cream. How I found the strength to leave that car and walk into my house is still a mystery to me.
I walked into the empty house. Krystal was working the midnight shift because no one else would. I was at a party and Todd was working too. So it was beneficial for her to be at the hospital. I was exhausted. I shrugged off my winter coat and started up the stairs, slowly. I made it to my room and collapsed on my bed. I don’t remember changing. I just remember sleeping. 
I shot up in bed. My head throbbed. I was sweating and I was still wearing jeans and a sweater. I looked at the clock and groaned. Four in the morning.  I peeled off my sweater. I had that dream again. What was wrong with me? How long am I going to keep  having this dream? I was sure I had worked past all the issues that caused me to have this dream. I thought back to what the therapist said the last time I had this dream. “You are repressing your feelings about the situation. Physically moving on and emotionally moving on are two different things.”
I would always nod and fight the urge to roll my eyes. What was I repressing? My feelings about Caitlin? My feelings about Jesse? My feelings about both of them? I thought over what had happened. It never changed much. It always started with me at the Fillmores’ gravesite. I would start walking towards the woods. I would see Rose, Violet, Josh, Randy, Dave, Whitney, and this time Meri. They would all grab me, block my way, and insist that I not walk any further. When I saw Meri, it surprised me. She was never there before. I assumed it was just because I saw her tonight. She was more determined than the others. She blocked my way insistent that she was protecting me. I made my way around her eventually. I started down the hill and saw the usual sight Caitlin and Jesse intermingling by the stream. It still bothered me seeing them that way but if it didn’t bother me, I’d be more disturbed. Caitlin eventually noticed me and said the same line, “Give it up, Rena, you think you have Jesse, but you’re wrong. He’s mine. I am his first love ... His first!” She would then continue with her inappropriate dealings with my boyfriend. 
I had snapped awake at that point. I always did. No matter how many times I went to therapy, I could not figure out what was wrong with me. What did this dream mean? I stood up to find pajamas. I threw them on and quickly returned to bed. I knew it was going to be hard to get back to sleep. My mind would be racing all night going over what it meant and I would eventually doze off still clueless.
I heard a knock on my door and saw Krystal come in. 
“Aunt Krystal? What are you doing?” I asked.
“Rena, I have some bad news for you.” She came into my room. Krystal was obviously tired and worried about something. She was still wearing her scrubs, and had only recently gotten home from work.  
My instant thought was something happened to my parents and I shot up in bed. Krystal sat beside me in bed and wrapped an arm around my shoulders. “Is it Mom and Dad?” I asked barely able to get out the words. 
She shook her head mournfully. “No, but there was a car accident.” 
“Are they okay?” I asked still fearing the worse.
“It wasn’t your parents, honey.” 
“Then who is it? Why would you want to wake me up if it was...” I trailed off and shook my head. “It wasn’t Jesse.”
“No, it was Simon Cooper.” My shoulders sagged with indistinguishable relief and regret.
Mr. Cooper was like a father to me growing up. “Is he okay?” I asked still struggling to find my words as the sadness started to weigh on me.
“He’s pretty banged up. He came in at the end of my shift. It was his car and another car but I didn’t see anyone from the other car.” She said implying that their fate was far worse than Mr. Cooper’s. Krystal looked like she was on the verge of tears. 
“I was so scared for him, Ren.” She said finally letting go. “He doesn’t have anyone.” She said trying to shake away all the emotions that were overwhelming her.  I pulled her in for a hug. 
“He has us.” I said firmly. 
“Ren, I just feel so horrible since everything with Caitlin happened none of us have really stayed in touch with Simon. He was alone. We should have still been there for him.”
I felt the first gnawings of guilt start to eat at my thoughts. Krystal was right. I hadn’t seen Mr. Cooper since the trial. I had considered him to be my second father at one point when I was spending every moment with Caitlin. I had spent more summers at Caitlin’s house than mine. Mr. Cooper had always been kind to me and we had just forgot about him so easily.
“Have you talked to Mom and Dad?” I asked still processing my guilt, what had happened, and the fact that I was processing a lot for four in the morning. 
“I didn’t want to bother them so early.” I looked at her incredulously. 
“But you woke me up?” I asked. 
“Ren, we should go see him.” She said standing up and moving towards my closet for clothes for me.
“Aunt Krys. You just left the hospital. You need sleep and they won’t let us in. Visiting hours are in the morning we will go first thing.” I said standing and pulling her away from my messy closet. “Krys, do you want me to call Todd? I think you need to be with someone.” She walked back to my bed and got into it, covers and all. I guess she agreed with me.
“I have you, Ren. I’m good.” She said tears still staining her cheeks. She settled into my bed and I got in beside her. I hadn’t slept in the same bed as Krystal since I was twelve and my parents had gone away on their first work trip. I think I cried the entire night. She had just held and reassured me that everything would be okay.
“We can see him tomorrow. He won’t be upset that we didn’t come in the middle of the night. We will make everything right.” Krystal nodded and just looked at me. Her mossy eyes displaying every ounce of worry she had.
“I hope you handle any nervous breakdowns I have about the wedding as well as you did this.” She kissed my forehead and fell asleep. I wish I could have.
Chapter 4
Krystal woke me up bright and early to head to the hospital. She talked her way into visiting early. It was seven in the morning and visiting hours didn’t start until nine. I had a massive travel mug of tea. I was so tired, I kept staring longingly at her coffee. I didn’t even drink coffee. Krys was talking to a nurse on duty and then we were escorted to the room. I opened the door not sure what I would find. 
What I found was Mr. Cooper looking paler than paper. He was unusually white. He had several bruises; one covering his left eye, one on his jaw and his left shoulder was completely black and blue. Those were the ones I could see at least. His arm with the massive bruise was in a sling and it looked like he had also broken his right leg. He would be out of commission for a while. 
Krystal sat at the open chair beside his bed. Mr. Cooper was asleep and probably would be for a while. I pulled the only other chair in the room beside Krystal’s and sat down.
I don’t think I had ever experienced as much guilt as I was feeling at this moment. Mr. Cooper had no one. He lost Caitlin, the only person he had left in the world and it was all my fault. I felt my eyes well up with tears. Why was I even here? He probably hated my guts. 
“Oh, Ren, I know it’s hard to see him like this, but he’s alive and healing.” I nodded trying with all my might not to cry. My vision was blurry, but I wouldn’t succumb to the need to cry. I was here for Mr. Cooper, and that needed to matter more than the past. 
Krystal’s phone began to ring and she left the room to answer it. I moved over to sit in her seat and hold his hand. I didn’t even know what to say to him when he woke up. He had been there for me when Caitlin made me cry or simply when I wanted someone to listen to me. He was more intuitive than my dad and sometimes he was around more. 
“I’m so sorry. I shouldn’t have left you alone.” I said unable to hold back my tears any longer. I wasn’t sure how long I sat there just crying and apologizing again and again, but I felt Krystal’s hands on my shoulders. 
“It’s okay, Rena, let it out.” She said soothingly. 
“Was that phone call anything important?” I asked trying to gain some composure since Krystal was back. 
“It was your parents. I sent them a text last night and they called to see how everything is going.” 
“How is he doing?” I asked knowing that’s why we had stopped at the nurse’s station on our way in.
“He’s woken up once but has been sleeping since five. They took care of the external injuries and ran some tests that they are waiting for the results on. He seems to be doing well. Why don’t you grab us something to eat? You haven’t eaten yet.” I nodded, knowing she was only trying to get me to clear my head. 
She handed me a twenty and I walked out following the familiar halls to the hospital cafeteria. The place was dead except for a few workers. It was too early for visitors and most people still had to sleep off their New Year’s Eve party hangovers. I ordered two breakfast sandwiches, an apple, and two orange juices. After sliding my tray to the end of the long buffet like station. I paid thinking over everything. It was almost eight, was it okay to call Jesse yet and tell him?
 I decided against it and walked back to the room with our breakfast. Krystal was fluffing his pillows and adjusting his leg so it was optimally elevated only the way a caring nurse would.
 “I brought you a sausage, egg, and cheese on an english muffin.” She smiled and took the sandwich from my outstretched hand. I sat back down and worked on my own sandwich. I was famished, probably from the lack of sleep I had gotten. I needed to refuel badly. I scarfed down the sandwich and the apple, and guzzled the orange juice. I hadn’t eaten like that in forever. 
After our breakfast, we waited expectantly for Mr. Cooper to wake up. We had waited almost two hours when there was a knock on the door. It was Officer Liu. He smiled at me and walked in. 
“What can we help you with, Officer? 
“How’s he doing?” Liu asked standing a bit uncomfortably in the room by the door. 
“Hasn’t woken up yet.” Krystal answered.
“Are you his emergency contacts?” Liu asked directing his question at my aunt.
She nodded. 
“When he wakes up, we need to discuss what happened.”
“What did happen?” I asked curious as to what occurred when Aunt Krys had said there was another car involved.
“This was a two car accident and Mr. Cooper is the only surviver.” Liu said, his expression stoic and professional. 
“Who ...what happened to the other car?” 
“They were killed on impact. I can’t tell you who because the next of kin is still being notified.” Liu continued. “Vasquez will be here later. Just call when he wakes up.” Liu said opening the hospital room door again and walking out. 
I looked at Krystal she had to know more than she was letting on. She was working at the hospital last night. She shook her head already knowing what I was going to ask.
“I don’t know what happened. The people in the other car were taken straight to the morgue.” I nodded, not even voicing how I was feeling about this situation. My phone buzzed to life, it was Jesse. 
“Ren, did you hear?” 
“Hear what?” I asked.
“About Mr. Cooper and Melanie and Keegan.” 
“What happened?” 
“Melanie and Keegan were killed last night after the party.”
I sunk into my chair. It was Melanie Fletcher and Keegan Nicholson in the other car? “I am at the hospital now with Mr. Cooper. I didn’t know about...” I stopped trying to collect my thoughts, it was so sad. We had just talked with Melanie and now she was dead. It was a little unnerving and a little too familiar. The shock was like an empty void calling back, how this was wrong. It was so wrong. 
“How is he?” 
“He hasn’t woken up yet.” I said not having the same firmness to my tone that I typically had. 
“Are you okay, Ren?” Jess asked already detecting the hint of distress in my voice. 
“I’ve been better.” I replied tersely. 
“I’m on my way.” 
“Thank you.” I said hanging up the phone and sitting back in my uncomfortable hospital chair. 
“Well.” Krystal said from beside me. She had quietly waited for me to finish on the phone. Instead she went through the rounds of fluffing Mr. Cooper’s pillows. 
“It’s on the news.” I said looking for the television remote that hung limply from the hospital bed. I turned on the news. It was going to be the big story for a while. 
“Breaking news. Two teens killed and a man is critically injured after a two vehicle accident on Ridgefield and State Avenue. The accident occurred around one this morning. No word has been received about the condition or the name of the hospitalized individual. Notice has been given to the parents of Melanie Fletcher, 17, and Keegan Nicholson, 18. The couple reportedly left a friend’s home after a New Year’s party and were on their way to Fletcher’s home.”
“Oh honey.” Krystal said giving me a hug. “Were they at the same party as you?” 
I didn’t respond, feeling the threat of tears again. I blinked them away and told her that Jesse was coming over. She nodded in understanding.
“Whenever you want to leave go ahead. You don’t have to stay here.” 
I nodded again, knowing my voice would fail. I turned my attention to Mr. Cooper. He was still so hurt and fragile looking. I leaned forward and touched his hand. 
“I hope he wakes up soon.” I said stating the obvious, but not really sure what there was left to say. 
We sat there watching him. Neither of us said anything until Jesse came in about twenty minutes later. 
Chapter 5
“Ren, we have been here for seven hours.” Jesse said taking Krystal’s seat. She had walked out to talk to the doctor who had just checked on Mr. Cooper.
“He will be waking up soon.” I said repeating what the doctor had said only a few minutes ago.
“Let’s get dinner at least.” He said pulling me up and out of the chair. 
“Just wait until Krystal comes back.” I replied walking towards the bed. I took Mr. Cooper’s hand and just looked at him. It’s pretty much what I had done since I got here. I was just hoping if I watched him long enough he’d move and I’d notice. I heard Krystal come back in and turned around to see what she had to say. 
“We just have to be patient.” She said exasperated. “Simon will wake up in his own time.” She said moving and sitting down again. I sat on the bed beside Mr. Cooper. I lifted his hand to rest on his chest and I felt it.
“He moved.” I practically shouted. Krystal and Jesse were huddled beside me in a matter of seconds. Mr. Cooper’s hand tightened around mine. “See. He’s going to wake up.” I said and watched expectantly for something else to happen. He didn’t disappoint. His eyes flickered open for a second and then closed again. I sighed, disappointed.
“Rena, I think it’s time you go home. Do you mind Jesse?” Krystal said not even waiting for me to protest. 
He nodded, not even arguing the point. From the drained sag in his shoulders. He had been ready to go hours ago.
“But...” I started and was quickly cut off. 
“You both have school tomorrow. You need to rest and eat dinner.” Krystal said authoritatively. I knew there was no point in arguing when she used that tone. 
“Fine.” I begrudgingly answered. I grabbed my coat and headed out the door with Jesse not far behind. I didn’t want to look back. I wasn’t ready to leave but I didn’t think I’d ever be. I would have sat there until he woke up. 
“Rena.” Jesse said taking a hold of my hand. “Talk to me.”
“I can’t believe she’s making us leave. He is going to wake up soon.” 
“But she’s right.” He said stepping in front of me and assessing me.
“How long did you even sleep last night?”
“Five hours, maybe.” I said avoiding his penetrating gaze.
“You look like hell. I’m taking you home. We are ordering pizza. I am going to watch a movie until Krystal gets home. You are going to sleep.” He said stoically, his face completely serious. I was mad but I wasn’t going to argue with him. He was right. I had school in the morning and I felt like caffeine and adrenaline were the only things keeping me on my feet. I nodded not even getting into what I had started to say. 
“I love you, Jess.” I said instead taking his hand and leaving the hospital. We pulled up to my house a few minutes later. 
“I’m dying for pizza. In Mexico, I think I had my fill of tacos.” Jesse said attempting to lighten the mood. 
“What kind?” 
He looked at me like that was a serious question. It wasn’t, Jesse only ate one kind of pizza. Meat Lover’s. If there was a vegetable near it he didn’t want it. If it didn’t have enough greasy meat to cause a heart attack he wasn’t happy. I shook my head. 
“I hope you decide to go lighter on the meat when you’re older.” 
“I’m only young once.” He said following me into my empty house. He walked to the kitchen like he had been there a million times and honestly it was starting to be the truth. He opened the menu drawer finding his favorite pizzeria. 
“What are you in the mood for?” He asked walking over to the DVD shelf beside the TV. I lounged on the couch, not caring. “Don’t fall asleep yet. You need to eat.” He said throwing in a movie. He lifted my head and took up a small corner of the sofa letting my head rest on his lap. 
“I feel guilty.” I started not sure what I was trying to get out of rehashing what happened at the hospital. Jesse looked down at me seriously.
“Is that why you didn’t want to leave?” He asked, shifting a few strands of hair from my face. He held on to one and twirled it aimlessly, something he was doing more since my hair wasn’t tied up nearly as often as it used to be thanks to the cold weather and my straightener.
“When I saw Mr. Cooper. I broke. I failed him, Jess. I always took care of Caitlin and after everything. I failed her.” I wiped away a stray tear. 
“You did nothing wrong.” He insisted his voice was firm. “Caitlin was wrong. You saved yourself. You saved me. Mr. Cooper cannot hold that against you. If he does, well screw him.” I looked over Jesse’s angry face. His eyes were like a storm over the night ocean, his jaw was tight almost pulsating with pent up aggression. He believed every word he was saying. It made me want to believe it too, but I couldn’t ignore the voice that said Simon Cooper hated my guts for what I did to his daughter.
I sat up and rested my head on his chest. “One day I want to exist without Caitlin’s presence always looming over us.” I whispered sadly. I felt Jesse’s arms wrap around me, firmly. I loved him even more for knowing what I needed. 
“Soon, I promise.” He said brushing a hand down my hair. I looked up at him questioning what he meant. What did that mean? He smiled, despite the anger that still lingered in his beautiful blue eyes. “College is going to be different. We won’t be tied down to Walterville. You will just be Rena Solis and I will just be Jesse Harris, two clueless freshman that are completely in love.” 
“I like the way you make that sound.” I said resting my head on his chest. I was curled in his lap. His arms were still protectively around me. I felt him watch me for a bit.  My eyelids grew heavy. I would just close my eyes for a minute. I was exhausted. 
~~~
I felt Jesse lift me in his arms. I blinked and looked up at him. “Pizza is here.” He said laying me back down on the sofa. I found one of the many throw pillows and wrapped my arms around it. 
“It’s time to eat, Ren.” Jesse said touching my shoulder and giving me a slight shake. I rolled over to not face him. “Baby...” He tried again. I turned around to face him again. “You know you need to eat something.” 
“I think the hospital food I ate is better than the death by pizza you have waiting for me.” He grabbed my hands and pulled me up. “I’ll eat.” I grumbled as he guided me into the kitchen. 
He had already set the table. A slice of pizza was sitting on each plate. He pulled out the chair at the breakfast table for me, like a gentleman. I looked down. “Do you know there are vegetables on this?” 
He just smiled and opened the box. I looked down. Half was Meat Lover’s and the other half was sausage, tomatoes, spinach, and broccoli. “You allowed that to touch your pizza?” 
“For you, yes.” He took his seat across from me. 
“Now I’m sure you love me.” I said teasingly. 
We ate mostly in silence. I had slept well and didn’t want to think about the hospital and fall into my pity party again. I was spending time with Jesse. I was going to make this part of the night a lot happier than the first part. 
“I’m full.” I said leaning back and staring at my half finished second slice. Jesse had devoured his half of the pizza and all that was left was mine. He kept eyeing it, in the hopes that would it would magically turn into something he would eat. “Try it.” I taunted, handing him my half eaten slice. He looked at it with mistrust. I didn’t understand what vegetables on pizza had done to him. He liked most vegetables, normally. Why was it any different on a pizza?
“This is because I love you.” He said taking the pizza out of my hand and taking a bite.
“It has nothing to do with the fact that you are still hungry.” I said with a knowing smile. He took another bite. 
“It’s not bad.” He said through a mouthful of food. I shook my head trying not to laugh. 
“The veggies haven’t killed you yet?” He smirked at me and finished my slice in one last bite. 
“You think you are so funny, Solis.” He said sliding out of his seat and grabbing me out of my chair. 
“Jesse.” I laughed trying to stop him from tickling me. His one arm was wrapped around my waist. His other tickling my stomach. I was sure I was going to die of laughter. He threw me on the couch. 
“I’m really hoping you’re not tired anymore.” I shook my head and pulled him in for a much needed kiss. He slid down onto the sofa pulling me back into his lap. His left hand slid up my jean clad legs and stopped on my hip. His other hand was at my neck, our mouths firmly in place. He pulled away first. He took a deep breath and started kissing my cheek, my neck. That felt so good. 
My thoughts were consumed with him. His hands moved and both slide under my hoodie pulling it over my head. I didn’t protest. I’d do anything to be closer to him. He pulled me closer just like I mentally wished until I was straddling him. Again, I didn’t protest. I was lost in the whirlwind that was my feelings for Jesse. He kissed me soundly, making me slightly lightheaded. His soft pecks trailed again and I let go a little. I kissed his forehead, his jaw, his neck as I moved my hands underneath his shirt. My hands slid over Jesse’s perfectly sculpted stomach and he froze. 
“Jess, what’s wrong?” I asked looking at him worried. We were in the middle of a make out session, you don’t just stop.
“I think we are just taking things too far.” Damn him and his respect for me. 
“But I like what we are doing.” I said giving him my saddest face. 
He took a deep, cleansing breath. “Damn, I thought Caitlin was bad. Resisting you is impossible.” He said pulling me in for a kiss. I stopped. Did he just compare me to Caitlin?
I looked at him moving away as he tried to kiss me.
“I think you are right.” I said moving over and sitting on the sofa again. 
He looked at me for a moment, completely confused. “What just happened?” He said looking at me intently, like he had missed some big revelation. 
I stared at him incredulously. “I guess it’s good to know that when you compare me to Caitlin, I come out marginally on top.” I replied with as much venom as I could, which was weak considering I was looking directly at those perfectly lust filled ocean eyes. 
He thought back hoping to correct me. “I didn’t...” he looked at me, seriously. All signs of lust were gone. “Damn, I’m sorry.” He said instead. “I meant to just say you are hard to ignore. I love that I can’t say no to you.” He continued. I moved towards him. At least he knew what to say to make me lose steam as soon as I grasped it.
“You don’t usually...” I started but wasn’t brave enough to finish that sentence. If it involved Caitlin Cooper. I reverted to my shell. I knew the pattern well. After nine months, Jesse was starting to pick up on it too.
“Well, I had a lot on my mind involving the Coopers. There are not many people that can make my girlfriend’s armor crack like what I saw today.” I looked at him pointedly to continue. “Ren, I love you.” He started. I didn’t say anything and just waited for him to continue. “Caitlin is gone. Don’t let her get under your skin anymore. It’s time you move on. We need to move past all of that.” He touched my cheek. “We should be planning our future together. Talking about Prom. Talking about anything but what happened. It’s done. Caitlin is gone. It’s okay to remember your past. Sometimes, it’s like she is still dominating your life. Just when I think you are getting better something happens and you are back under her thumb. Having those awful nightmares. Insecure about our relationship for no reason.” 
I felt the tears build in my eyes. Was that true? Did I really still scramble to have some connection to Caitlin? How sick and twisted did that sound? Was that why I kept having that nightmare? I just wanted some connection to my friend. I avoided Jesse’s worried eyes. I hope he didn’t see the answer in my face. 
“Please go on.” I said, fighting with my voice so it didn’t sound like I was going to cry. “Why don’t you just get it all off your chest.”
He pulled me in for a hug. I pushed him away.  “I just want you to heal.” He said forcing me back into a hug. I didn’t pull away. I didn’t have any fight left in me. Jesse thought I was broken. My psychologist thought I was broken. Why? How could one person effect me so much that it looked like I’d never recover?
Chapter 6
Whoever invented Monday was on my shit list. Krystal had come home before Jesse and I worked through everything he had told me. Needless to say, I didn’t sleep well. Two hours tops! My Caitlin nightmares were back in full force. I even had a new nightmare staring Caitlin. It wasn’t so much a nightmare as a jumble of memories. It was right after Caitlin and Jesse had broken up. She was a mess, even though she was dating Josh. She was lashing out at everyone. We were at one of her pool parties. She was sitting on Josh’s lap. I was trying to dry off and wait for Dave to come back with our drinks. He was taking forever.
“God, Rena, you look like a loser. Go talk to someone or are you afraid that guys won’t like you?” She said with a vicious smile on face. That was a low blow. I had been alone for a minute. Josh laughed, he was a little on the drunk side. It wasn’t like if he was sober he would defend me anyways. He was a royal jerk. “Actually I know what it is. Jesse and Meri aren’t here to follow around. What will poor Rena do?” Caitlin said with a fake pout on her face. I stood up and walked out. I don’t care how much she was hurting. Her outbursts weren’t necessary and they were downright bitchy. I walked out of her house and started towards home, but she was always beside me with something more venomous then the last. She ended with, “You are a two timing slut.” It was one of the last things she said to me before she completely went off the deep end.
I woke up ready to cry all over again. What was wrong with me? I had cried all day yesterday. Did I have anything left? 
What really bothered me most was Jesse saw this. He said I was letting her rule my life and she was nowhere near me. How mental was that? After we had talked a little on the way to school. I was even more determined to resolve this. Caitlin Cooper was not in charge of my life anymore. I was my own person. 
“Hey Ren.” Dave said sitting beside me in our AP Physics class. 
He looked over at me, I felt like a limp balloon. How my eyes were open was beyond me. “You sleep at all?” 
I shook my head and rested it on my propped up arm. “How’s Whitney?” I asked remembering the biggest school news. Two kids were gone. 
“She’s out. She couldn’t bring herself to come in just yet. I think the whole girls’ soccer team is out.” 
“Keegan was on the lacrosse team?” I tried again.
“Men are heartless bastards.” Said someone from behind me. I turned to see Evan Blackwell. I didn’t even know he was in this class. I looked him over. His hair was unbrushed. His grey t-shirt was wrinkled and stained. He had dark circles that made his brown eyes look black. I thought I looked like hell. He looked worse. 
“I’m sorry, man.” Dave said with a few second long shoulder hold. That showed a ton of affection. Men, how emotionally diverse they could be.
Evan shrugged, “We were over.” 
“It still hurts.” I said sympathetically. He looked at me for a moment like he couldn’t place me. 
“I’m sorry about being a drunk ass on Saturday.” He said instead. 
I shrugged in nonchalance. A lot had happened since Saturday night. I didn’t think rehashing a little misunderstanding was necessary especially when some serious things had happened since then. “It’s okay we all say stupid things sometimes.” 
Mr. Mathis walked into the classroom. He slammed a book on the lab table that was his desk. “Good to see you all this morning. I know that this was a hard break with recent news but I do hope to lift some of your spirits with your test results.” Most of the class groaned in response. I, on the other hand, was dying to know my grade. He started to walk around handing each student their test and grade. He walked to me and gave me a wink. I looked at the paper. I got a 95. That was un-freaking-real. Dave and I had studied our asses off hoping to get at least a B. I had gotten the best grade in the class according to the snippet he wrote underneath my grade. I looked at Dave, he was smiling too, this was good. We turned our papers around at the same time. He had gotten a 90. It’s official we were geniuses, there was no other way to explain these grades.
“How did you do that, Ren? You say you never understand anything and then always get a better grade than me. I taught you Physics.” He said reading over my paper, critically like he would find out that Mr. Mathis made a mistake. 
“You must be a great teacher.” I said not helping it but laughing. Dave looked at me with animosity, but it quickly fizzled like it always did. He couldn’t be mad long, he had taught me everything I knew. Dave would lose all his steam by the time we walked out of class. He was a pushover, too. It’s probably why we got along so well.
Mr. Mathis started to go on and settle us down for class. It was hard having Physics first period. I didn’t even know my right from my left this early in the morning, solving the velocity of a bowling ball compared to a tennis ball was something that required extreme amounts of attention.
Dave sighed dramatically and rolled his eyes before he finally handed me my test back. I wasn’t even sure how I did it. When we left class I was sure I bombed. It was a pleasant surprise I hoped would lift my Monday blues.
Mr. Mathis started a dry lecture that I couldn’t make heads or tails about. I knew he said something about kilometers and we were working with two new formulas but after that I was lost. The bell rang and Dave jumped out of his seat eager to be anywhere but in AP Physics. I jumped up just as anxiously.
“You do know we have AP English next?” I said teasingly. He groaned. 
“I think we were sadists when we made our schedules last year.” Dave said heading to our next class together. I had to agree if AP Physics wasn’t bad enough, we had AP English for second period, and AP Calculus for third. I had especially tortured myself with the addition of AP Chemistry. In my defense when I had chosen it I still thought being a Chemistry major was an option for me. I was seriously regretting it after the first week. I tried to get out of the class but there wasn’t another class I could fill my free period with.  After Chemistry and Physics torture, I thought it was just cruel to even consider a career that involved a working knowledge of Physics, the work was impossible. Who would do that to themselves? Who could possibly enjoy Physics?
Nonetheless I was carrying a heavy work load. If it wasn’t for Jesse and Dave’s insistence on study groups I’m sure I would have crumbled under the pressure literally and figuratively. My backpack looked like it weighed more than me. 
The day flew by and last period consisted of a memorial for Melanie and Keegan. The new principal had a solemn expression that spoke of how grave (no pun intended) she thought the situation was. This was her first year after all the drama of the last year our former principal decided it was time to retire. Vice Principal Weber became Principal Weber. She was a champ to stay here after all of that.
“This has been a shock to our community. I have unfortunately witnessed a great deal of loss these past two years. I don’t think I have commended the senior class for their resilience. They have suffered the most through the hardships of what occurred last year and the recent deaths of two more of their classmates. I commend you for the strong example you lead for this school.” She said with a mild upturning of her thin mouth, but I wouldn’t call it a smile. 
I looked over at Jesse. He was paying attention. It was rude for your thoughts to wander to something else when we were having a memorial, but I just couldn’t help myself. Jesse was still worrying about me and he had brought Dave into the mix too.
At lunch, he told Dave about his current Caitlin theory and Dave agreed completely. Traitor. Dave and him went on to talk about lighter things, but I saw the questions on the tip of Dave’s tongue, he wanted to press me for more information. Dave would corner me in one of the other classes we had together to get what he wanted. He may be a pushover but he was also a snoop. 
 I felt like I needed to come up with a solid plan before that happened. During my study period, I had went to the library. I googled moving on and my results were comedic. The internet was pretty liberal at best with how it defined moving on. 
The keys to moving on were as follows: Let go, Don’t have regrets, find the old you, feel everything. 
What was I supposed to do with that? I thought I had let go of everything that happened, but Mr. Cooper’s accident had proven that wrong. I had regrets, but didn’t everyone? I regretted the loss of my longest friendship. Caitlin was more a sister than a best friend, she was still the longest relationship, I had ever had. At the end, we weren’t as close as we used to be but I always loved her and would never hurt her. 
Wait, was that it? Guilt. I looked at Jesse again. How could I feel guilty for being the happiest I had ever been? If Caitlin was around wouldn’t she be happy for me, even if it was with Jesse. 
Flashes of the day, Caitlin had found us kissing by the woods came to mind. She had been furious. She had also been seriously unhinged. Even if she didn’t lose it and start killing people, she never would have accepted this. She would have shunned me worse than Meri. She would have planned her existence around breaking us up. I was sure of one thing I knew Caitlin and Vindictive was her middle name.
I was still trying to wrap my mind around how to make me okay. Moving on meant forgetting Caitlin. Moving on meant not seeing her when I saw Jesse...or Dave... Or anyone else. The challenge was figuring out how the hell I was going to do that, short of running away. 
As I half listened to students tell nostalgic stories about Keegan and Melanie. I thought over running away. Realistically, college was my escape. I tried to meditate on my future. Jesse and I would be nobodies on a big campus, that was what I had told Jesse. It was about time I start believing it too. There was no way Caitlin could follow me there. Right?
“Are we going to the hospital today?” Jesse asked as the memorial started to end. People were standing and the volume of the auditorium increased exponentially.  I nodded moving out of the line of cramped auditorium seating. I following him to the parking lot. He hadn’t been very talkative at least to me, today. I could understand that he was still upset about what happened yesterday. 
I slid into the passenger seat of his car and waited for him. I was anxious. I didn’t like having Jesse mad at me, I needed to change that. I was going to practice moving on starting today I had figured it all out. Not only for the betterment of my sleep, but for the betterment of my relationship with Jesse. I was holding us back and it ended in this car. I completely understood that now. It had only taken nine months to figure out. I was a little dense it seemed.
Chapter 7
“So I have been thinking a lot about what you said, Jess.” I started nervously. He remained silent waiting for me to continue. “You are right. I have been letting my preconceived notions (Take that SATs) of how Caitlin feels effect our relationship. She isn’t here. Our relationship consists of you and me. Caitlin is not in this relationship, no matter your past with her.” I continued. I was proud of myself for getting that out without a stutter or a mumble of uncertainly. I had meant every word. I looked at him. I wanted a response. Silence was not what I wanted to hear.
“How long have you been practicing that?” He said with a teasing smile. 
“Jess, I’m serious.”
“I know.” He said the smile slipping off his face. His eyes never met mine just narrowed as he focused on his driving. 
“I appreciate you saying there is a problem, but that doesn’t mean it’s gone.” I knew where he was going with this. Actions speak louder than words. I mauled over a variety of scenarios where I would obviously reject Caitlin’s influence. None of them were realistic. None would be a valid response. 
“I’m trying, doesn’t that count?” I said miserably. The fact that I had pushed myself this much with so little sleep was an accomplishment at least for me. 
“Yes,” He said his hand reaching for my own. “That’s all I wanted.” 
I felt my shoulders sag in relief. I could work with that.
His hand left mine and moved back to the steering wheel. He turned into the hospital parking lot that led to a small parking garage for all visitors. Jesse found a spot on the first floor and we briskly walked towards the hospital. It was freezing outside. 
As we walked through the parking lot. I was at war with if seeing Mr. Cooper would be conducive to my avoidance of all things Caitlin, but I knew I’d never leave him alone, especially when he needed us.
He practically raised me. I had spent more time at his house then I didn’t my own, especially in the summer time. 
Jesse threw his arm over my shoulders while we walked. This was a good sign. He wasn’t upset with me anymore. I smiled. Relief didn’t begin to cover how I was feeling with Jesse’s arms around me. We walked into the sterile hospital and straight to the elevator. Jesse and I didn’t talk the entire way but it didn’t matter we had said what we needed to and this was about Mr. Cooper, not us. I walked to the nurse’s station, one of Krystal’s friends was working.
“Hi Bess.” I said leaning on the station. 
“Hi, Rena. Here to see Simon Cooper?” She said tersely apparently focused on her task at the computer. “If you hurry, I think Kris is still in there.” I smiled and bolted hoping to find Krystal and my confidential update.
Krystal was sitting in the same chair as yesterday. Only this time, Mr. Cooper wasn’t ghostly white. He was awake and had gained some much needed color back to his face. Krys had a smile on her face and I couldn’t help but run up to him. He was awake! He was okay! 
I hugged him, at that moment not caring if he hated my guts or not.
“It’s great to see you too, Rena.” He said laughing at my mini outburst. I pulled away, not wanting to hurt him. He was probably still sore considering how banged up he was. 
“How are you feeling?” I asked moving away from him and reassessing his injuries. There had to be some sign of recovery, since he was awake.
He shrugged, not really paying any attention to the question I had asked, maybe he was still in too much pain. His brown eyes looked glassy like he was on the verge of tears. “I’ve been better.” He choked out. 
He leaned forward and seemed to be looking past me. I turned, seeing Jesse still at the doorway to the room. I instantly regretted having him come with me. I didn’t even think that Jesse’s presence would bother him. “Don’t stand at the door. Come in, Jesse.” Mr. Cooper said surprising both me and Jesse with the easy smile on his face. 
Krys smiled, “I have to start my shift, but I’ll stop by before I leave for the night, Simon.” She said as she collected her bag and coat. “Rena, Joe should be here soon. Don’t stay too late.” Just like that she was gone and I was sitting with my ex-best friend’s father. 
“I hope Aunt Krystal wasn’t too overbearing. She just goes into nurse-mode sometimes and can’t help but fluff your pillows.” I said with a smile as I sat in the seat Krystal had vacated. 
“She was wonderful. I never take it badly if a lovely lady is waiting on me.” Simon said jokingly. “How are you doing, Rena? It’s been...” he trailed off uncertain how to finish that sentence. 
“Busy. I’m applying to colleges. I have been...” I stopped not sure I’d ever come up with a valid excuse for not seeing him since last summer at Caitlin’s trial. “I’m so sorry, Mr. Cooper. I never meant for any of this.” I said instead. 
He stared at me flabbergasted.  His warm brown eyes bearing into me, disappointedly. 
“You’ve never done anything wrong.” He said waving an arm so I would come back over to him. He hugged me again. 
“I’m just happy, you are happy.” He said his attention directed at Jesse once again.
Jesse spoke up, “I can leave if you want to catch up with Rena.” He tried. He didn’t want to be here when Simon was actually awake, I could understand that. Jesse hadn’t been particularly close to him. To be honest, I never thought Mr. Cooper was his biggest fan, either. I looked at him deflating a bit. I was torn, I wanted him to stay, but I didn’t want to make him uncomfortable. It wasn’t fair to him to ask him to stay.
“Mr. Cooper, I don’t know if you’ve heard.” I started hoping to get the icky formalities out of the way. “Jesse and I are dating. I know it seems odd that he is here, but he’s here for me.” I continued. I noticed Jesse slide his hand threw his hair. One of his major tells that he was nervous. It was one of those quirks that always made me smile. He seemed so adorable and approachable when he was nervous. 
“All I have to say to that is it took long enough.” Mr. Cooper said with a broad smile that made him look like he was the picture of health and not sitting in a hospital bed barely able to move. My mouth hung open in shock. What did he say?
“What?” Jesse asked, caught off guard by Mr. Cooper’s response. 
“I wasn’t blind. You had a lot in common. I don’t think I remember a pool party where you two weren’t talking and laughing with each other. I also didn’t miss the fact that you two always wound up in the pool before anyone got there.” Simon said completely happy and proud of his observations. 
I shook my head, “But he....” I started to say that every incident he was talking about was when Jesse was with Caitlin.
“I know and if Jesse had been doing this with anyone other than you I would have been worried.” He threw his unbroken arm over my shoulder. 
“Apparently, I wasn’t awake for the two years I dated Caitlin.” Jesse replied jokingly.
Simon smiled, “It’s okay. You eventually came to your senses.” Jesse seemed to loosen up a bit and took the chair near the foot of the bed. The worried crease in his brow was gone and replaced with the relaxed Jesse I was accustomed to. 
Jesse looked at me for a moment. “I’m glad everyone has been able to inform us of these details after we are dating.” I smiled. Simon outright howled with laughter.
“Kids don’t know a good thing when they have it.”  
A knock came to the door. Joe Vasquez popped his head in. I smiled, he was my godfather after all. 
“Joe, how have you been, man?”
 Joe came in a smile on his face. He never changed much.  Joe still had the salt and pepper hair, the dark brown eyes that looked black and the permanent frown lines around his olive skin from too long at a stressful job.
 My parents, Caitlin’s parents, and Joe and his wife, Amber had all grown up and went to school together in Walterville. They were all close at least until Simon’s wife, Brandy died. There was a lapse in regular gatherings because Brandi had organized most of those gatherings. It also didn’t help that my parents starting going away for cases.
“Good, hasn’t been dull lately.” He said to Simon and turned to us, “Kids can you give us a minute.” Joe asked so he could get down to his interview. I saw Susan at the door and nostalgia hit me. I had missed following Joe around taking notes. Sure, the only case I worked on was awful and hit too close to home, but I still missed it. I started out the door when Mr. Cooper called for me.
“I’d like Rena to stay.” He said exponentially improving my mood by letting the detective in me out at least for a little. He knew me well. Joe rolled his eyes at me but let me stay. I sat beside Susan in the only other empty chair. She turned on the recorder. 
“Okay Simon, I’m just here to get a statement about what happened on the drive that left you in the hospital.” He said shifting into professional seamlessly. 
Mr. Cooper nodded and thought back for a few moments, “I had left the company party in Philadelphia a little after midnight. There was a lot of traffic on the highway, but I think I got onto State Avenue around one... Almost one thirty.” He adjusted his arm and seemed to be thinking again. “The street was deserted. It all happened so quickly. I had looked over into the left lane of traffic because I thought there was a car double parked blocking oncoming traffic. I had passed the car.” 
“Do you know what kind of car it was?” Joe asked automatically.
“No, it was dark there aren’t any street lamps on State Avenue. I just saw that it was a dark small SUV, but as I drove by the high beams on that car turned on and whoever was in the car floored it going for the car that had just started down the road. The car coming down the road swerved and crashed into me... I assume since I am here. They crashed into me. Was anyone else injured?”
I looked at Lt. Vasquez, he was going to tell him, right?
“The two teenagers in the car that crashed into you were killed on impact.” Joe replied regretfully. 
Simon Cooper shook his head, like he couldn’t believe what he was hearing. “That can’t be true...but...” He looked around the room. “And what about the last car?” He asked.
“When officers arrived on scene, Simon, there were only two cars there. There have been no signs of another car. It was your car and a white chevy sedan.” 
“I know it was there.” He spat back. 
“I’m not saying I don’t believe you but maybe you were under the influence.” Joe tried.
Mr. Cooper scoffed, “One of my best friends is the lieutenant of the police department in Walterville. How would it look if I was driving drunk?” Joe placed a hand on his shoulder. 
“I believe you, Simon. I do. But the evidence doesn’t agree with what you saw. There is only wreckage from two cars.” Joe directed Susan to end the recording. 
“When I get off from work today Amber and I want to stop by. If I wasn’t swamped yesterday with the accident I would have been here.”
Simon nodded, understanding. “It’s okay. It wasn’t going to do you much good to be here when I was sleeping.” Joe squeezed his shoulder. The universal move for men to show their sympathy and left. 
Jesse came back in when he saw Joe and Susan retreating.
“Two people died.” Mr. Cooper said focused on the most gruesome details of the whole case. I hugged him hoping to ease his mind.
“You have nothing to worry about besides getting better, okay?” I said distracting him from his haunted thoughts.
He nodded, my words had not helped he was still focused on the worse part of this whole mess.
Chapter 8
I was relaxing on the sofa when Aunt Krystal came home around ten at night. She had wanted me to wait up for her to talk. I had made sure Jesse had been gone for at least two hours before she had come home. Krystal had a tendency to get home earlier if there was important matters to be discussed. I was not letting her find Jesse and I doing something compromising...again.
“Good you’re awake.”
“Yup, just like you asked.” I said turning off the TV and waiting for Aunt Krys to say whatever it is she needed. 
She sat down beside me and kicked her feet up. “Simon is getting out of the hospital in a few days. How do you feel about him staying with us as he recovers?”
That was it? “Sure. I want to help anyway we can.” 
“Good, I’m going to set him up in my room since it is downstairs and I’ll move in upstairs to your parents’ room.” She involuntarily shuttered at the mere thought of staying in my parents’ room. 
“Can’t wait to tell my parents about your reaction to staying in their room.” 
Krystal laughed. “It’s just weird, but Simon can’t take the stairs so I have to suck it up and stop being a baby.”
“Is that all?” I said preparing to go upstairs for bed. I had been ready for bed around seven but had forced myself up for this.
“There is one more thing.” Krystal said sheepishly. 
“Shoot.” She looked at me pointedly for a moment. 
“Since Simon’s accident I’ve been trying to get in contact with Caitlin’s hospital and I have been having some trouble. They won’t let me talk to Caitlin unless I visit. She isn’t allowed phone calls. Some behavioral thing, I don’t know it’s all backwards to me, but Simon placed me on the visitor list.”
I gulped. Aunt Krys was going to visit Caitlin and I was the one panicking. “I made an appointment to go on Wednesday. I don’t have work and Simon won’t be getting out until Friday. I’d like to have everything cleared up before he gets here.” 
“Why?” I choked out still not understanding why she would do this to me.
“Simon is her father. He was visiting her every week. I think she deserves to know that her father was in an accident.”
I nodded, it was reasonable and kind just like Krystal. “Why do you have to go?” I asked still unsure why I was so protective of Krystal.
“Do you not want me to go?” Krystal asked worry marring her pretty round face. She looked me over, “Should I still be getting updates from Dr. Shriver?” Low blow.
 I shook my head adamantly. I didn’t want her talking to my shrink again. He always said stuff like he was worried about my progress and freaked Krystal and my parents out. I had told her everything was going great. She didn’t need to bother talking to that guy anymore, I was recovering. She believed me and was a little pressured to. I had also included that I was preparing to go to college and I needed to handle things on my own. Krystal backed into that corner and agreed with little argument.
“What’s wrong, Rena?” Her concern was overbearing and when her green eyes bore into me I knew I was going to spill my guts. 
“Everything.” I started sourly. “I still have the nightmares... and last night I had a new one.” I looked up to see her anger dissolve into worry. “I just want to forget her but every time I turn around there is something there to remind me of her.”  She wrapped her arms around me. I fought hard I didn’t want to cry but my hiccups soon turned into sobs and I was fighting a losing battle.
“Why didn’t you tell me any of this?” She asked when I was starting to get my crying under control. She was still holding me, a little tightly I might add. 
“I didn’t want to worry you. I thought I was moving on but then...” I stopped, not sure I was comfortable explaining what Jesse and I had talked about to her.
Krystal waited expectantly for me to finish, but I just stared at her. “Go on, Rena.” 
“Jesse thinks that I use Caitlin as an excuse to keep him at a distance.” Krystal looked at me a little startled. It wasn’t what she had expected me to say. I mean I didn’t even want to say it out loud. It sounded awful, it made me sound awful.
“Do you?” She asked her expression blank after the initial shock.
“No, I love Jesse, but I can’t shake the fact that Jesse was Caitlin’s boyfriend first, he had dated her. He chose her not me. I kind of feel like a consolation prize.” I shook my head, it was insane. Jesse never treated me like a consolation prize. He treated me like he loved me and I never doubted that he did. This was that tiny window of doubt that always showed up when it was least expected. 
“Rena,” Krystal started. She was preparing a longwinded speech in her head about everything I had confided in her. “I don’t think Jesse has ever treated you like a consolation prize. He loves you, sweetie. He may have dated Caitlin first, but he got to know you and realized he wants to be with you. He didn’t settle on you, he chose you because of who you are.” She rubbed my shoulders and then sat her hands in her lap waiting for me to say something along the lines of  ‘you’re right.’
I groaned it was what Jesse had constantly repeated to me. He loved me, because I was me and he loved me, despite the fact that I was friends with Caitlin. Caitlin wasn’t a part of our relationship to him. He thought what we had was more special than anything he ever shared with her. Yet, I was still here questioning it.
“I know what you’re saying is true but I can’t seem to make myself believe it.” She sympathetically threw her arm around my shoulders again.
“Then maybe you need to decide if you can actually be in a relationship with Jesse.” She gestured for me to stay quiet as she continued. “I know you love him, but sometimes a relationship needs more than love. If you are never going to forget about the past; how do you expect to ever have a real future with him?” I leaned back letting it all sink in. That was what it boiled down to forgive or forget. I felt new tears spring to life. Could being with Jesse be the real reason I wasn’t moving on? 
I felt a sharp pain in my chest just thinking about it. 
“Think about it. It might sound unbearable now, but in the end you may be a better person for it. Jesse might be a better person for it. Who knows you too may end up together even after you work everything out.”
 I felt like I had worked through more problems with Krystal than I did at my monthly meetings with Dr. Shriver over the last nine months. “Don’t cry, sweetie. I’m not saying you have to break up with Jesse. I like Jesse. I just want you to move on. I know I’m not helping this with Simon moving in and going to see Caitlin on Wednesday, but you are the most important person to me. I care about what is going on with you. I think it’s time for you to find a way to heal.” 
I nodded numbly. “I think I’m going to sleep on it.” I said standing up and walking towards the staircase to my room. 
“Rena,” Krys stopped me. “Talk to me whenever you need to. Don’t let this build up on you again.” 
“Okay.” I replied weakly and headed to my room. I closed my door behind me and slowly made my way to bed. 
This was the decision I was left with closure or Jesse. I wasn’t sure that I could find anything fair about the situation. Caitlin was still ruining my life, and she was nowhere near me.
 I fell asleep, Caitlin’s laugh emanating through my head. This was my karma for being such a bad friend. 
~~~
I woke up in the middle of the night in a cold sweat. Sleep was starting to become an elusive memory to me. I had two hours before I woke up and got ready for school. I laid in bed still unsure if I may fall back to sleep. I never did, but exhaustion never really lead to rational thought. 
My Caitlin nightmares were getting more intense. Dream number 3 is what this one will be referred to. Caitlin and I were in the forest by the grave alone. She was talking to me the same glass prism being thrown back and forth between her hands. The light was catching in the setting sun and I just kept moving backwards. I was trying to find my way out of the never ending forest. The end was nowhere in sight. 
She never moved but I’d start to think she would let me go and she’d appear right behind me scaring the crap out of me. 
“You can’t leave me.” She’d start. Her blond waves were in disarray something the real Caitlin would never allow. “You betrayed me.” She said dangerously close to me. Her big cherubic brown eyes narrowed on me. She poked me with the prism and I’d just step back apologizing repeatedly. Tears were blurring my vision. She’d stand there throwing the prism taunting me and it would start all over again. A horrible loop the scene repeating itself over and over again. 
I sat up, sleep was lost. I had to get up and stop thinking about these weird dreams. I headed to the shower hoping to wake myself up and not look like the lukewarm zombie I felt I was.
Dr. Shriver was going to have a field day when I told him I was having new dreams. The man was going to go off on that tiresome rant that I needed to let go. It would be more useful if he told me how to do it. Yet, that never happened. He’d ramble on about how moving on is a personal journey that everyone must figure out on their own. There was no cookie cutter way to move on. He was more cryptic than a fortune cookie. I think that’s what bothered me most about him. Why couldn’t he fix what was wrong with me and be done? Why did he expect me to be so introspective about what happened? I’m sixteen and clueless, didn’t that warrant the Moving on for Dummies? 
Chapter 9
I pulled up to the school parking lot. My car hadn’t gotten out much, but Jesse had work today and I had promised Mr. Cooper I would stop by after school. I climbed out of my lime green Mazda and headed for the front doors. 
“I was starting to forget what your car looked like.” Jesse said, planting a peck on my cheek and taking my hand in his. Every feeling I had blocked out all morning came rushing back. Krystal’s advice swirling about with my new dream. “So what did Krystal have to say last night?” He asked as we walked through the halls to my locker. 
“She’s going to visit Caitlin tomorrow.” 
“Oh,” he replied as he directed a concerned glance towards me. “Are you okay with that?” 
“Do I have a choice?” I snapped back. 
He shrugged. “If it really bothers you, I’m sure Krystal would listen to you.” His hands were resting on my shoulders as he tried to get me to look at him. Something I was having a lot of trouble doing. Jesse’s eyes were my kryptonite. “Look at me, Ren. What’s going on?”
“Mr. Cooper is going to stay with us, too.” I said trying not to think about what Krystal had said and failing miserably. That’s all that my brain could focus on. Be with Jesse or move on. Was it really that simple? Did it have to be that clean cut or could I change it.
“Is that what is bothering you?” Did he see right through me or something? Couldn’t I have one secret to myself?
“No.” I said tersely and opened my locker. I had decided that I wasn’t going to tell Jesse what Krystal had said. She was wrong. Case Closed. If it wasn’t for Jesse I wouldn’t be as put together as I was. I would probably be a mental case like Caitlin by now or worse dead. 
“Rena.” He said a soft caress to my name. One word that’s all it took. He knew how to play me better than a board game. 
“I talked to Krystal about my nightmares.” I started still avoiding his penetrating gaze.
“There we go.” He said leaning on the closed locker beside me. “What happened?”
I gave him the most pitiful expression I could muster. He didn’t want to hear this. I didn’t want him to hear this, but why was I still talking? 
“She said that maybe there is something in my way of moving on.”
“Like?”
“Like maybe I’m not having trouble forgetting Caitlin. I’m having trouble forgetting you and Caitlin.” I watched him deflate a bit. 
“So Krystal thinks I’m the reason you’re still having these nightmares.” Jesse reiterated. I nodded. “So how can we fix it?” He said taking it a lot better than I did. 
“She said that maybe we should take a break and see if that helps.” I hoped he would get angry now and fight for me, but there was nothing. He just looked at me a solemn expression on his face, making his eyes look narrow and his mouth look like he had eaten something sour. “I understand what she means. After what we talked about on Sunday. I’m pushing you away.” I said sadly avoiding that hurt look on his face. 
“Because of Caitlin?” He asked moving closer to me until there were only a few inches between us. “Look at me, Rena.” I lifted my head up to meet his fathomless blue gaze. “I know I told you that, but maybe it’s us.” That clenching feeling in my chest was back full force. He was going to break up with me. I shook my head adamantly. I wasn’t going to let that happen.
“Jesse, I can fix this. We don’t have to break up.” I started. I wouldn’t let him be the hero and break up with me in the hopes that I would stop being a traumatized mess. 
He looked at me, in disbelief and had the nerve to smile. He kissed me ending any argument I had formulated. “I’m not breaking up with you, Ren. I think we should talk more about this. I heard what Krystal said and judging from your little outburst. I think you have an opinion of your own.” He said that lopsided smile never wavering on his handsome face. “Give yourself a chance to clear your head. We can talk when I get off work tonight.” 
“What time?” I asked automatically.
“Eight.”
“I’ll meet you there.” I said grabbing my bag and preparing to head to my first class. 
“I love you.” He said placing one last kiss on my mouth before I walked away. “Oh if you really don’t believe what Krystal said maybe you should ask Dave or whoever for their opinion.” I nodded. That was actually a great idea. Dave would give me a heads up on what he thinks is going on.
I plopped down into my stool to wait for Dave. Talking with Jesse had went surprisingly better than I had expected. What did I really expect? Jesse was always the calm and collected one. I was the one that was usually in over my head and freaking out.
“Hey, Rena.” Evan said from behind me again. Had he sat there the entire year? Was I that oblivious?
“Hey Evan, how are you doing?” I asked turning marginally in my chair to wait for his response. 
“Been better. I hate this class I don’t know what I was thinking when I thought I could survive AP Physics.” I had that exact train of thought right before every test.
“Did bad on the last test?”
“Bad doesn’t even begin to cover it.” He said a smile gracing his recent perpetually glum expression. “Mr. Mathis said I need to get a tutor to get some extra credit to boost my grade.”
“That sucks.” I replied distractedly. Why was he even telling me this we weren’t friends or anything? I took a glance at the door again. Where the heck was Dave? 
“Mr. Mathis suggested that I ask you if you wanted to tutor me.”
My attention snapped back to Evan. “Excuse me?” I replied stunned.
“He said that you are one of the best students in the class and that you’d be the best person to ask.” His enthusiasm waned as he took in my startled expression.
Tutor someone? Had Mr. Mathis lost his mind?
“I could really use your help, Rena.” He said turning those sad dark brown eyes on me. 
“I’ll think about it and get back to you tomorrow.” I said positive I was going to say no. I didn’t understand Physics. Dave understood Physics and taught me. 
The bell to start class rang and David walked through the door as the bell droned on. I guess I wasn’t talking to him just yet.

~~~
“Hey Dave, can I ask you something?” He looked at me a big grin on his face. 
“Shoot.” I rolled my eyes. Funny. 
“Do you think I’m over Caitlin?” Dave gave me another grin that said I had worded that horribly. 
“By over Caitlin do you mean...?”
“I’m serious.” I said giving him a quick shove as we maneuvered around the people in the crowed halls.
“I thought you were still having nightmares?” 
I nodded and waited for him to continue. 
“I think it’s safe to say you aren’t over it.” He said serious this time. The impish smile was gone and his hazel eyes took on a hint of worry. I hated that look. Why was everyone looking at me like that lately?
“Why do you think that is?” I asked avoiding the sympathy face. 
“Ren, I don’t know.” He said with a shrug. 
“If you had to guess.”  I probed. 
“I mean you were friends with Caitlin your entire life. I can’t say for sure because I didn’t know her until high school but she was dominant. She ruled you and for a time Meri and me. You lived with that the longest. I think not having her has given you freedom. Freedom you don’t know what to do with. You might be holding on to Caitlin...” He stopped and looked at me as he thought for a few seconds,  “because you’ve never actually had to make your own decisions.” I gulped. That sounded pretty damn accurate to me too. “I love you, Ren. What’s up?” Dave asked as he threw his arm over my shoulders and pulled me in for a one armed hug.
“I’ve just been trying to figure out why I’m still having nightmares.” I replied pitifully. 
“Anything to do with Jesse?” Dave pried. I looked at him incredulously. He didn’t need to know what had happened with Jesse. “From your fighting stance, I’m going to take that as a yes.” A lopsided grin graced his face. I couldn’t stay mad at him for being perceptive. 
“Thanks, Dave. You really helped.” I retorted sarcastically.
“Anything for you. It would be nice to know how but I can get on board with silence.” I gave him another shove and headed into our next class first. 
“To be honest, Krystal thought it was because Jesse reminded me of Caitlin.” 
Dave tilted his head pondering the idea. “I could see that but I think you don’t see Jesse as Caitlin’s.” He raised an eyebrow and waited for me to continue. 
“Well...”I started mauling it over. What did I think? 
That’s when it hit me like a whirlwind. Oh, God, it was Jesse. Every instance where Caitlin got in the way. He was the only one this affected. How didn’t I notice this sooner? My nightmares only happened when I constantly thought of Caitlin, which was a lot lately. Yet, when I was with Jesse she was always there in the back of my mind. Her taunting me. Her harsh words cutting at me from the inside out. That overwhelming feeling of insecurity when I was with Jesse was guilt. 
“You’ve figured out I’m wrong?” Dave asked bring me back to earth. 
“You have no idea.” I retorted as Jesse came in. 
Chapter 10
I had fluctuated all day between a myriad of emotions. I was so grotesquely sad after I realized Jesse may be the reason I was still having nightmares. I couldn’t even bear to face Jesse and had only said a few words to him throughout the day. He knew something was wrong. We were going to talk tonight.
 My depression followed me the rest of the school day. I don’t think I got out of my head long enough to learn anything. Later in the day on my drive from the hospital. I had decided I had nothing to feel guilty about. My guilt was irrational. How could I feel guilty for betraying someone that constantly betrayed me? She tried to kill me for Pete’s sake! That was the ultimate betrayal. 
Two hours later and I was still sticking to this new thought process. I had found my answer in Krystal and David’s response. Jesse was my trigger but my inability to think on my own was the big problem and I was changing that. This girl was going to make some decisions. 
I walked into The Scoop, still a little anxious to talk to Jesse. I was ready. I had thought everything out and here I was with a solid plan of action. Yes, I had a plan that went past telling Jesse breaking up wasn’t a good idea for us. I sat at an empty booth in the back, Haley stuck me at and waited. I was early Jesse still had twenty minutes of his shift left.
When I had been at the hospital I had been waging war in my head. My mood was still sullen and I just couldn’t stand to sit with Mr. Cooper any longer trying to boost my mood. It’s bad when a guy in a hospital bed is trying to perk you up. I left early leaving him with much better company. Joe and his wife, Amber were there and they would obviously be entertaining and happy with their old friend. No moody teenager needed. 
“Strawberry milkshake, to cheer up my girl.” Jesse said putting a jumbo milkshake on the table. He kissed the top of my head and was off to whatever table he was supposed to be heading to. I took a long chug of my extra thick strawberry milkshake. I was trying to think about nothing. I wanted to clear my head of any conflicting thoughts. I had decided to say screw you, guilt. I was sticking by my decision. There was no more time to change my mind. 
Ten more minutes and half a milkshake later, Jesse sat down across from me. I felt my heart rate increase with his nearness. My instincts to hide in my shell started to overwhelm me, but I was prepared for that. I took a long, soothing breath.
“So what’s been going through your head all day?” Jesse asked watching me with a bemused look on his face.  He had no clue that I was torturing myself mentally trying to solve this problem.
“I think I’ve figured it out.” I started. My throat was dry despite the milkshake and looking at Jesse only made it worse.
“Okay, what do you want to say?” He replied when I didn’t volunteer any information instead I just tapped my fingers on the table obnoxiously.
“Let’s go to your house or mine I don’t want to say this here.” He raised an eyebrow. Making him look sexier than sin. He pushed a hand through his hair and stood up without another word.
“Let’s go.” He said shrugging on his winter coat with my milkshake in hand. I followed almost floored that he didn’t even argue with me. Did he have a clue I was planning something?
We walked outside into the blistering cold, it was flurrying but it wasn’t sticking yet.  I slid into my car and followed Jesse to his house. I didn’t have much time. It was already eight at night and I had a ten o’clock curfew during the school week. 
Jesse parked at his house. It was dark, his parents were still recovering from being away from The Scoop too long. 
Jesse opened the door without a word. I followed him in. 
“So.” He started not sure why he was here. I had no clue what he thought was going on. I didn’t want to know, either. This was taking all my courage as is.
“I’ve decided that I don’t care what anyone says.” I said with all the nerve I could muster.
Jesse crossed his arms and waited for me to continue. 
“I know exactly how we can get past this...um bump?” 
“Really?” He said with an unconvinced upturning of his mouth. “What is it?” I walked towards him and kissed him, hard. He grabbed my shoulders and pulled me back. “What does that mean?” He asked watching me intently.
“We should do it. I’m ready.” As soon as I said it Jesse was shaking his head in protest. 
“This morning you thought we were going to break up. You have been obsessing about moving on, Rena--”
“But this is it! I go into my shell when we talk about this because of your history with Caitlin. You said it this summer it doesn’t matter what you did before me. You love me and it will be special.”
“If you are doing this to try and forget about Caitlin it won’t help. What you want to do isn’t about her, it’s about us. I want you to want to be with me. No strings attached.” He said firmly. 
“I do. I want to be with you because I want you; not to forget anything but to move on with my life and our relationship. I don’t care about what anyone thinks. Jesse, I want to do this before college. I want you.” 
I could see the indecision weighing heavily on him, he still thought I was holding back. I had all my cards on the table for him to see, there was nothing else.
I went forward and kissed him again, this time softer. I was trying to sway his decision. 
“Rena.” He breathed. “I love you and you don’t have anything to prove.” He tried, but I just kissed him again, ending his argument. I wanted this. This would be my first big decision. This decision would free me. I would see Jesse’s love for me. I would know there was nothing that would get between us. I’d know I wasn’t a coward. That was what mattered most. Rena Solis was not drowning in guilt for one more day. She was taking her life back. 
  “I. Have. Curfew. At. Ten. Time. Is. Ticking.” I said punctuating each word with a kiss to his lips, cheek, neck, and so on. He still wasn’t sure this was a good idea. Did I have to surprise him in his bed naked? What was it going to take?
“Jesse, I love you and have never been more sure about anything in my life.” That did it. Jesse pulled me in for a mind numbingly perfect kiss. He scooped me into his arms bride style and carried me up the stairs to his room. 
This was actually happening. My excitement was building as Jesse placed me on the bed lovingly. 
He kissed me quickly once more for good measure. “I love you and I hope you are telling me the truth, Ren.” He said watching me closely for any tells that I wasn’t sure. This was the most sure I’d ever been in my life. “If you want to stop no matter what tell me.” I nodded trying to keep the exuberant child in me hidden. I wanted to seem calm, collected, and sexy for once in my awkward life. 
~~~
I looked at my perfect boyfriend, his arm wrapped protectively around me, holding me to his chest. I had gotten ready almost fifteen minutes ago but, I just couldn’t pull myself away from him. Tonight was perfect. Hell, tonight was better than perfect. 
He kissed my forehead. “I don’t know if I want you to go home ever again.” He said pulling me on top of him again. He was dressed too. We didn’t know if his parents, however miraculous, would come home early. “I love you, Rena Solis. You are the most beautiful woman I have ever met and will ever know.” 
I giggled and whispered an I love you as I climbed out of his tantalizing bed. He jumped out of bed with me. “I have to go.” I said having the same trouble parting from him. “If I don’t leave now I’ll be late.” 
He was making it very difficult to think clearly. His hair was messy and he laid in bed his jeans on, shirtless. God, I never wanted to forget the way he looked. It was the sexiest thing I had ever seen.  
“Pick you up in the morning?” He said standing and to my dismay finding a shirt. I nodded enthusiastically, only too happy to see him first thing in the morning. 
He walked me to the car with only a little more protest. 
I pulled out of the driveway and headed the few blocks to my house. I had been so wrong. I thought I had done something to prove to Jesse how much I loved him and escape Caitlin’s hold on our relationship. Turns out she was nowhere to be found. It was just us for once. I had questioned whether Jesse knew how much I loved him and this had just been a confirmation, we loved each other. That overwhelming guilt I thought I felt had been replaced with a new wave of love for him. The realization hit me hard as I parked, I would never be the same after Jesse Harris. He had solidified his hold on my heart tonight, with more than just sex, with his words. I had never felt more whole in my life.
 I came into the house and went straight to my room. I changed and looked in the mirror, hoping to see some difference. I hadn’t changed except for that ridiculous grin on my face, I was sure that was never leaving. 
I crawled into my bed. I wanted to have happy dreams of being snuggled in Jesse’s arms and being perfectly at peace with my life. 
I shot up in bed. I heard someone on the stairs. I jumped out of bed and headed straight into the hall. I went downstairs to see what all the commotion was. Krystal was in the kitchen holding Mr. Cooper’s weight as she helped him to a kitchen chair. 
“Aunt Krys, Mr. Cooper?” I asked confused, “I thought he wasn’t getting out until Friday?” 
Krystal shrugged, “He was doing great and he is staying with a nurse. Did we wake you?” She asked worried. She knew my sleeping hadn’t been as regular as it should have been.
“It’s okay, do you need help?” I said moving away from the stairs and my wonderful dreams of my drop-dead gorgeous boyfriend. 
“I’m sorry, Rena. These crutches aren’t as easy as I thought.” He said a little upset. I saw his crutches on the floor by the sink. 
“No problem, did you want a drink or something?” I asked walking into the kitchen to grab his fallen crutches. 
“Water would be nice.” He replied, that sad smile still on his face. I opened the tap and filled a glass, bringing it to him. 
“So it sounds like you are heading to a full recovery.” I said with a smile. “You didn’t even tell me today when I visited you, that you were leaving.” 
Krystal smiled, “That would be my fault. Todd discharged him around seven. You had left already, which is too bad because I wanted you to drive Simon to our house.” She shrugged her arms, “Whatever he’s here now.” 
“Thanks for the water, Rena. I think it is time for this old man’s bed time.” He said grabbing the crutches I’d put on the wall beside him. Krystal watched, prepared to catch him if anything else happened. 
“Ren,” Krystal started as Simon went to her former bedroom and closed the door.
I looked up. “I’m not seeing Caitlin tomorrow. I thought it would be too tough on you. I’ll be with Simon all day taking him to physical therapy and to pick up a few more things from his house.” I nodded.
“Are you still upset?” Far from it. I was still on cloud 9 but I didn’t tell Krystal that. 
“No, I understood what you were saying and I’ve thought about everything you said. I’m just going to live and not obsess about all the bad.” I said with a smile I couldn’t help.
“I guess you were sleeping well.” She said with a smile as she shooed me upstairs for bed. She didn’t know the start of it. I ran upstairs, happy to fall asleep and wake up to Jesse waiting for me. 
Chapter 11
I woke up thrilled to get ready for school. I had slept through the night, aside from Mr. Cooper’s fall waking me up. My sleep had been restful and dream free. Just the way I liked it. 
I went downstairs grabbed a bagel and was happily making my way outside. I saw Jesse waiting and my heartbeat picked up to that familiar upbeat tempo it only played for him. I was hoping my extreme happiness would wear off soon. I was sure my smile was going to crack in half, but I wasn’t complaining. Nothing could dampen my mood.
“Hey, babe.” He said planting a kiss that brought back memories that would play in my head forever. He had a wide smile on his face as well. His day seemed to be going as well as mine.
“Slept well?” He asked as he started the car again. 
“Like I don’t have a care in the world.” I replied, relaxing into my seat. Jesse’s hand rested on my leg, the entire ride. It was sweet but blissful mood also made me a little silly. Why hadn’t his hand moved? Did he think I was going somewhere? The car was moving. 
Jesse pulled me to him as we exited his car. “I think you’ve ruined me, Solis.” His blue eyes held something more, something I’d never quite seen before but I knew it was good.  “I can honestly say that I haven’t been able to think about anything other than you.” He said as he still held my waist and didn’t look like he was letting go anytime soon. 
“I love you too.” I said feeling that smile come back to my face. “I think we have something called school to attend to.” I said kissing him and dodging out of his grasp. I ran ahead of him to the front doors. He caught up with me before that for two reasons. 1. I’m short and my legs are half the length of his and 2. Because I wasn’t fast enough to be considered athletic. 
“This is great and all, Ren, but how have you been handling everything?” He said losing the lovesick boyfriend act I was so fond of and returning to the analytical, rational  member of the relationship. That was fast. My happiness high hadn’t even edged off yet, let alone worn off. Why was his?
“I’m great. I haven’t been this happy in a long time.” I said meaning every word of it. He studied me for a bit and seemed to be satisfied. 
“Okay, I gotta head to class. See you in second.” I nodded and watched him leave. I grabbed the last few books out of my locker and headed to the dreaded Physics. 
I sat down in my usual seat waiting patiently for class. A few moments later, much to my dismay, Evan Blackwell was talking to me. I really had to ask Dave if he had always sat there because I hadn’t the slightest clue. 
“Did you decide?” Evan asked, his arms propped up on the lab table.
I fought the urge to roll my eyes. No, I had much more important things going on.  “Not really, Evan. I don’t think you want me as a tutor. I’m no good.”
“Rena, I need you.” He said leaning over the chemistry table closer to me. “I have to pull my grade up.” Was he begging? I looked into those sad chocolate eyes. He looked like he hadn’t slept in weeks, the dark circles under his eyes were starting to look like black eyes. His black tee-shirt needed to meet an iron. His hair was disheveled and messy, but Dave’s looked just like that too. This didn’t look like a guy who could focus on Physics at the moment. His sad eyes bore into me a little longer and I gave in.
“Okay, we can try it but I’m warning you I’m really not that good at Physics.” I replied not able to say no to someone that was having a worse time than me. 
“Great, want to start today?” He said another rare smile gracing his face. 
I wanted to say no. I really did, but he wanted a pick me up, I could understand that. “Okay, The Scoop around four?” His little grin turned into a full fledged smile and I was a whole lot prouder of myself. I was helping someone else get on with their life after a terrible accident. I mentally patted myself on the shoulder. 
“Thanks, Ren. I really owe you.” 
Class started, Dave again brought himself in right before the bell rang. He gave me a quick appraisal. Did he notice I was different? No, he wasn’t that intuitive. 
“So how’s Whit?” I asked knowing I’d been a horrible friend. I should have checked on her these last two days. 
“Better, she’s in today.” I nodded, that was good. I could apologize in person. “You, okay?” He asked as we headed to second period. 
“I’m great.” I said excitedly. 
“That’s what I’m confused about.” Dave said, always ready with a sarcastic comeback. 
“I figured everything out and just like that,” I said with a snap of my fingers, “it works out.” I continued, embracing my wonderful mood. 
He shook his head, probably surprised by the smile that was still plastered on my face. “I would love to know what the instant pick-me-up was?” He said with a look that meant he had an idea. Maybe I was just paranoid. Dave would never figure it out. Right?
Jesse was already in class waiting for us and it wasn’t possible but I’m sure my smile grew wider. Dave took one look at us and just stopped. “No way.” He said looking at me and then Jesse, and back at me. “You didn’t.” Dave said as I sat down between the two of them. 
“We didn’t what?” I asked not helping it but laughing. I was a terrible liar. 
“I know that look.” Dave retorted accusingly.
“What look?” Jesse asked his smile matching mine. 
“There is only one reason as a couple that you two are both this disgustingly happy.”
“We worked out our problems.” I said with a casual shrug. 
Dave looked at me pointedly, “With sex.”
I looked at him with fake insult, “What kind of girl do you think I am, David Reed?” 
“One that was friends with Caitlin Cooper.” He said with a raised eyebrow. Yeah, he had me there. “So am I right?” Dave said waiting for any response.
I looked at Jesse. “No, you’re completely wrong.” I retorted. He glared at me until I nodded in affirmation. I had started to make decisions, but the appearance of a backbone wasn’t anywhere in my future. 
“Damn, you guys...” Dave started. “This is serious.” He looked at us again. His proud look at Jesse turned to a worried one as he looked at me. Did I see that right? Double standard much? Dave started his poor excuse for a big brother speech. “Ren, you are young and you shouldn’t use Caitlin as a model for a relationship.”
I scoffed, “You are so far off.” I said offended.
He looked at me for another second as I stopped his argument in its tracks. 
“Jess, if you break her heart I think this means that I’d have to kick your ass now.” Dave said lightening the mood and forgetting whatever he had planned to say to me.
They laughed and I relaxed. Dave didn’t look like he was preparing a long winded lecture for me in the near future, which was a major relief. I didn’t need one. I knew what I did and I was happy about it. Case Closed.
Dave really did forget about the lecture, in fact he hadn’t said anything else about it the entire day. It probably had a lot more to do with Whitney then anything. She was still a mess. She looked like she had spent the last three days crying. Her hazel eyes were red and glassy. Her face was a little puffy from all the sniffling and tears. Dave was there for her even though this was a terrible situation. I was glad that Dave and Whitney had each other. Whitney really needed the support and Dave was more than willing to give it to her. I don’t know how it happened, but when I looked at them I saw staying power. Sappy, I know, but they were turning into that couple that you couldn’t help but cheer for. If no one else made it. I was sure they would. They had that finish your sentence, no words are necessary type of relationship, that seemed to come so easy for them. I only hoped Jesse and I looked half as in love as they did.
“Did you decide if you were going to Melanie’s viewing tonight?” Whitney asked in eighth period. She hadn’t cried for a few hours, things were starting to look up.
“Jesse already took off from work. Do you want to go the four of us?” I asked trying to be as concerned and attentive as I could be. Jess and Dave didn’t have class with us and I was trying to make sure Whitney didn’t cry under my watch. 
“I think I’m going to go with Dana and some of the girls on the team. We want to get there early. Dave will probably insist on going with me.” She said with a sad smile, that made my heart ache just looking at her. 
Goal one of my new mindset, plan a girls night for me and Whitney once all this sad stuff is over. 
“Okay, Jess and I will meet you there.” I said in complete seriousness. Since I saw Whitney, that skip in my step had halted. How could I be so happy when one of my friends were hurting so bad? “Whit, if you need anything, I’m here for you. I’m not just Dave’s friend, I’m yours.” 
Her sad smile was back, “Thanks, Ren.” She replied her yellow-green eyes meeting mine. This is the moment I would look back on and know this is why Whitney and I are friends, not just friends because of Dave. I cared about Whitney and how she felt and I really wanted to help her through this rough time.
“Have you heard anything about Keegan’s viewing?” I asked knowing she would be the fountain of information on this topic. She had informed us that Melanie’s viewing was tonight at six and her funeral was Friday morning. 
She nodded her head, “The viewing and funeral are the same day Friday after Melanie’s funeral.” She choked up a bit as she said Melanie’s name but overall had gotten her words out. She was taking baby steps forward.
Chapter 12 
Those flurries from last night were starting to get heavier. It was finally starting to stick. I was happy Jesse had driven. We pulled up to The Scoop. He was going to work for a bit since one of the waiters called out. I was planning on sitting around for an hour until Evan showed. We were leaving at five thirty to change and head to the viewing.
When I had told Jesse about tutoring Evan, he laughed, like outright, that was a great punchline laugh. 
“I’m serious.” I said after his fit of side splitting laughter was over. 
“I thought you hated the guy.” He said only smiling now. 
“I don’t hate him. I feel for him. His ex-girlfriend just passed away and he’s failing physics.”
Jesse gave me a sidelong look. “It seems like an odd time to search for tutoring. Shouldn’t he be mourning or something?” Jesse shrewdly replied.
I rolled my eyes. “He is wait until you see him. He looks like he hasn’t seen any shut eye since last year. We just got our last test back a couple of days ago and we have a test at the end of the month. He needs to start preparing now if he wants to catch up.” I said thinking about all the equations I’d have to go over with him from today’s class alone. Ugh!
“I’m so happy you didn’t talk me into taking Physics with you.” I gave him a slight shove after he turned off the car. 
“It’s not that bad.”
“But it’s not that good either.” Jesse said opening the glass door for me and heading into the diner. 
I sat at the counter and waited for Evan as Jesse went to work. He dropped off some complimentary fries and diet coke and was gone. Thankfully, Evan was early and showed up at quarter to four. He smiled when he saw me and brought his backpack onto the counter to pull out his books. 
“I really owe you, Rena.” He said placing his books on the counter between us.
“I can only stay for an hour or so but I’m sure you were planning on going to the viewing, too.” 
The smile on Evan’s face dissolved. “Yeah, I was. Can we not talk about that?” He said looking away from me to dig for a pencil in the front pocket of his bag. 
“Sure.” I said embarrassed. It was callous of me to think that talking about Melanie, wouldn’t hurt. “Sorry.”
He shrugged in response. “It’s no big deal. I just don’t want to think about that when I need to focus.” He said looking at me. I nodded in response. What more could I say? I pulled out our last test and we started working on problems he had there. Physics is a subject that builds on past knowledge. So we had a lot of building to do. 
Time flew by and after twelve problems, a couple of long winded explanations, and four diet cokes, it was time to go. Jesse was pulling off his apron and waiting for me to wrap up my study session. 
“Hey, Evan. It’s getting late I have to go. When do you want to meet up again?” I asked. 
He looked up from the last problem he was working on. “Tomorrow?”
“Sure.” I said with a smile as I packed up my things and bolted out the door with Jesse. Evan hadn’t moved. He was still working on the last problem I gave him. Maybe I should have told him what time it was? I’m sure he knew. I told myself as I slid into Jesse’s car.
Aunt Krystal and Mr. Cooper were already dressed and heading out the door when we arrived. Simon waved to us as we got out of the sedan. 
“Heading to the viewing?” I asked as I helped Krystal get Mr. Cooper comfortably into her car. 
“Yeah, do you want us to wait for you?” 
“No, go ahead. We may stay longer for Whitney.” I said waving her off. 
Krystal nodded and then sighed heavily like this was taking a lot out of her. We watched her drive away before we even left the driveway. I was going to have to sit with her and let her vent. It had been a while since she just vented. The last time was when we had started planning her wedding. She thought her head was going to explode with all the decisions she had to make. Eventually she calmed down and we even picked out a venue, a nice, old hotel with tons of old charm and character.
“Let’s go.” Jesse said heading toward my front door. I nodded and walked into my deserted house. 
“I’ll be down in a minute.” I said starting up the stairs. 
Jesse shook his head, “No, after yesterday I get to see your bedroom.” I laughed and waved for him to follow me. Oddly, I never thought it mattered if Jesse saw my room. Dave had been here a million times, but Jesse never. It just seemed too much of a hassle to show Jesse without being murdered on the spot by Krystal or my parents. 
I knew my room was clean, mostly. The bed was unmade and my closet, that looked like a tornado had gone through it, was closed. I opened my door that was still covered in posters of bands and famous people Caitlin and I had liked when we were twelve. 
My parents had refused to let me post pictures on my walls so I rebelled with a little assistance and persuasion from Caitlin and decorated my door. I thought they would have been upset with me but they weren’t they saw my door, smiled, and told me I was creative. That’s what you get with my parents. 
My walls were sky blue with white daisies drawn near the ceiling. I liked it. My full size bed sat in the middle of the room. A small desk was in the corner by my picture window, my laptop on top and a few stray papers around, the top shelf was covered in picture frames. The floor was carpeted and navy. The carpet was my favorite part it was plush and I felt like you sank a few inches just stepping on the carpet. 
“This is the room you get to sleep in?” He said wrapping his arms around me from behind. 
“Boring, right?”
“No, exactly how I pictured it.” I smiled and headed to my closet. I was leery about opening the door and showing the monstrosity that was my closet, but I had a viewing to go to. I opened it and I heard his chuckle. “I didn’t expect any less from you.” He said coming closer to observe the disaster. “All put together on the outside and a hot mess on the inside.”
I gave him a questioning look. Was that a compliment or an insult?
“I mean it in a good way.” He said still smiling and not convincing me. I pulled out black dress pants and a grey sweater. It was too cold for my usual funeral wear. The fact that I had usual funeral wear bothered me, slightly. I walked to the bathroom that connected to my room. 
I came out a few minutes later, Jesse was just looking at my photo montage of pictures of my childhood I kept on my desk. Most of them were of Caitlin and I. I never had the heart to change them. I had added to the collection. There were two of Jesse and I. One of the four of us (Dave, Whit, Jesse, and I), some with Dave, and one with Whitney. 
He was holding a picture in his hand. I knew exactly which one it was. It was one of Caitlin’s pool parties the summer before sophomore year. Caitlin, Me, Dave, and Jesse were in it. Caitlin had her hands draped around Jesse and Dave like she owned them. Jesse had pulled me in at the last minute and was holding my waist. Needless to say, it was a terrible picture of me and one of the few photos that existed where I looked totally happy. 
“You know that has always been my favorite picture.” I said walking up beside him.
“Even though you are nearly cut out?” He asked incredulously. I took the frame from him and opened it. In the very edge of the picture you could see Jesse’s hand around my waist. 
“Yup.” I said as I pointed to his hand. He smiled and pulled me in for a hug. 
“There is never a day where you don’t surprise me, Rena.” He kissed my forehead and led me out of my bedroom. 
We eventually made it out of my house and to Jesse’s. He changed quickly and still looked drop dead gorgeous. How did someone make a suit look that good?
 We drove to the viewing, mostly in silence. I wasn’t sure what to say during that time. I was thinking back on the last funeral I had been to, it was Missy’s. It was almost a hundred degrees outside and black is not the color you want to be wearing in that kind of heat. Everyone was miserable and sunburned from the ceremony at the grave. Jesse’s family was very close to Missy and it had been really hard for them particularly Jen. She had been going through that whole guilt phase in the stages of grief. I know those stages of grief like the back of my hand thanks to my therapist. She felt personally responsible for Missy’s death. It was really hard to talk her out of that, but we did. She hadn’t killed Missy. Wicker had, he was rotting in jail for Missy’s and a number of other girls’ deaths. Jen had nothing to do with it. 
“You thinking about it too?” He asked as he found one of the few remaining spots on the street in front of the only funeral parlor in town. 
“Last summer?” I asked. He nodded. 
“It’s still so unreal. I had never been to a funeral before Rose and Violet’s now they are happening too often.” He replied back taking the words right out of my head.
“I feel exactly the same way.” I said taking his hand as we met on the sidewalk in front of the funeral home. 
Chapter 13
The place was packed. I thought Violet and Rose’s funerals were a zoo. This was worse. The entire town was here. I was sure of it. I attempted to look through the crowd to find Whitney and Dave before we paid our respects, but there were just so many darn people in the way. 
“This way.” Jesse said directing me to the corner of the crowd until we found Whitney with Dave and her other teammates. Whitney was hugging Dana Glass, who seemed to be inconsolable. She was sobbing so hard that she was shaking. I thought she’d collapse if she kept that level of crying up for much longer. I knew very little about Dana, aside from the fact that Melanie was her best friend. She played soccer with Melanie and Whitney. She was also taking this very hard, which is to be expected. I gave Dave a hug and waved to Whitney who was still preoccupied with Dana’s outburst. 
“How’s it going?” Jesse asked Dave as I stared mutely at Whitney and Dana in a mix between shock and horror. I couldn’t pull my eyes away. I had never seen someone cry so much or more importantly, so dramatically. 
I finally pulled my eyes away and scanned the room. Melanie had a closed casket, her parents were standing beside it, grief stricken themselves, yet still less dramatic than Dana. Various people were surrounding them offering their condolences. Just off to the side of the casket looking down I noticed Evan. He had obviously showered and changed into a dark suit. He was alone, his face was down looking at the casket. His shoulders sagging. I looked around him, no one was acknowledging him. 
Why wasn’t there anyone there to comfort him? Where was his family and friends? I looked at Jesse who seemed to catch what I was staring at. 
“Do you want me to go with you?” He asked. I shook my head in the negative and headed off to Evan. I couldn’t leave him alone at such a rough time no matter if we were friends or not.
“Hi Evan.” He jumped, a little startled that someone was talking to him. I placed a hand on his shoulder. “How are you doing?” I asked already knowing the answer from his red eyes. 
“Rena, what are you doing here?” He asked sniffling.
“I told you I was coming. When we had our study session.” I said a bit defensively.
He shook his head, like he was trying to clear it of his morbid thoughts. “I know, but where is your boyfriend?” He said with a sneer I didn’t miss. Okay, he was angry. I could understand why. He didn’t have to take out on me though. I just wanted to help.
“You were alone I just wanted to see if you were alright. No one should be alone at a time like this.” I said a bit perturbed with his attitude. I was being nice and he was being a jerk.
“I’m sorry.” He said with a sharp exhale. “Melanie’s parents and I got into it because I was here and Dana hates me. I’m just going to stay here, alone.” 
“I’m sure you and Dana can put aside your differences for one day.” Evan looked skeptical but didn’t respond. “Look, you can just stay with Jesse and I. I just don’t want you here alone mourning.” 
“I’m not mourning.” He replied back defensively. 
I gave him my own skeptical look. “You keep saying that and I keep not believing you. You two were close. It’s okay to mourn.” I said taking him in for a hug. I pulled away quickly and directed him towards Dave and Jesse. They each gave him a nod of acknowledgement and their condolences. Dana must have heard them talking to Evan. Her tear soaked face shot up to send a glare Evan’s way. She was acting like he’d killed her cat or something. There was so much unadulterated hate in her glare.
“How about we go pay our respects?” Jesse suggested. Evan and I nodded and we headed for the casket again. Evan went back to the place I had found him while I talked to the Fletchers. We walked over to Evan when we were finished. I hadn’t known Melanie well. I was here because of Whitney, yet here I was beside Evan waiting for him to find the words I knew he needed to say. 
“What do you want to say?” I asked and waited patiently. I looked at Jesse for support. He nodded and I continued. “You can get whatever you want out, Evan.” I reassured him.
Evan just stared at the casket not acknowledging me at all. “She made me crazy. I have never met a person that could make me so angry so fast.” He stopped and took a deep breath collecting his thoughts before he continued, “She is the only girl I’ve ever loved.” He said looking up and leveling his gaze on me. “I doubt that anything we ever felt was healthy but I know no one will ever make me feel the way she did. We treated each other like shit. I think that is what I regret. I wish I could have been nice to her at Dana’s party. Hell, maybe I shouldn’t have even crashed it.” Evan looked back down at the oak casket. His shoulders started shaking. I looked at Jesse in shock. How do you handle a crying man? I walked over and hugged him. When Jesse did it for me I felt better. He leaned his head on my shoulder and I heard his soft thank you as he continued crying. 
He stopped abruptly and seemed to compose himself. “I think I’m going to head out. I’ve been here too long.” Evan said between sniffles. “Thanks guys, I really appreciate you being here for me.” His eyes averted looking for the closest exit.
We watched him leave without saying another word to anyone else. It was so peculiar. What had he done to make everyone hate him?
“So why do you think Dana and his parents didn’t talk to him?” Jesse asked again voicing my exact thoughts. 
“I have no clue but I’d like to know.” 
“Ren,” Jesse warned stopping my inquisitive train of thought. “Don’t butt in. It’s between them.” 
We walked back over to Whitney and Dave. Dana had wrapped up her sob-fest and was talking despondently to some of the other girls. I finally gave Whitney a hug and we talked about everything. She told us about the dedication they were going to start to honor Melanie and Keegan at this year’s senior prom. “I think Melanie would love it if she were here. She was big on being the center of attention.” Whitney was saying when Dana cut her off. 
“I’m sorry Whit, why are you talking to her.” Her blue eyes locked on me. “She was just talking to Evan.” Whitney looked at Dana like she didn’t get what the problem was. I wasn’t understanding it, myself.
“So?” She challenged her dark eyes locked on Dana waiting for her to respond. 
“We know that Evan is the reason she was so upset that night. If he wasn’t such a jerk she wouldn’t have left. She wouldn’t have...” Dana trailed off with fresh tears coming to her eyes.  
“He didn’t do anything wrong, Dana, you can’t hold this against him.” Whitney said taking her into her arms again. 
“I hate him.” She spat back staring at me with that same venomous gaze she had given Evan earlier.
“He’s hurting too, cut him some slack.” Whitney said letting go of Dana and getting more firm. She looked like she had this conversation with Dana multiple times and was on the verge of being fed up. 
She sent another disdain filled look my way. What had I done wrong? 
“Dana, you need to think about what’s important right now. Go talk with Mr. and Mrs. Fletcher for a bit.” Whitney said handing Dana off to another teammate that guided her to the Fletchers. She turned towards us when Dana was gone. “I’ve been dealing with that all week.” Whitney said with a bit more exasperation than sadness. “I don’t know where she got this idea that it is all Evan’s fault but she hasn’t let up on it.” Whitney shoved her brown hair out of her face and her hazel eyes met mine for answers I didn’t have.
“She is grieving.” I added lamely. “I’m sure she will get past this.” Still a weak thing to say. “I don’t get why she believes that?” I asked getting to what I really wanted to know. The snoop in me showing its ugly head again.
Whitney gave me a half hearted smile as if she’d figured I’d ask that. “She thinks if Evan never showed up to Dana’s party, she wouldn’t have been so upset. Melanie had been fooling around with Keegan, to make Evan jealous. Evan didn’t seem to care that night, but that could have been because he was hammered. Dana blames Evan’s appearance at her party for Melanie leaving with Keegan. If he hadn’t shown up, Melanie would have blown Keegan off.” 
Yikes! Was it me or were all the other relationships happening at W.H.S. dysfunctional?
Jesse and Dave had headed off unbeknownst to me and were just returning. Jesse handed me a drink. I accepted graciously. 
“I think keeping them away from each other is our best bet. We don’t want them to get into it at the funeral.” I replied barely wrapping my thoughts around the warped relationship Evan and Melanie must have shared. 
Whitney nodded in agreement. “I’m stuck with Dana. Could you talk Evan into going with you guys?” Whitney asked with a look of pleading on her face.
Jesse suppressed a chuckle, “Rena and Evan are BFFs it shouldn’t be a problem.” I glared at Jesse. 
“We are not BFFs, I’ve been helping him out with Physics.” Dave raised an eyebrow at me to question when something like this would happen without his knowledge. “If you showed up early, David. You would have known.” I said drily.  
“Since when?” He asked knowing this was new.
“Since today.” I said not helping it but smiling at the narrowing of his eyes as he tried to recall me telling him about it. “Just forget about it, Dave. We have more important things to think about.” I said looking over at Whitney. She was chewing her lip. A habit she developed when she was worried. “Take care of Whit.” I said pushing him forward. 
Whitney smiled, a real smile, and Dave hugged her. She looked like she needed it. After dealing with Dana for a week, Whitney may have needed something stronger than a hug. A stiff drink was probably more in line with all that complaining.
Chapter 14
“I’m exhausted,” I said sitting on the sofa beside Aunt Krystal. It was well after nine when we had gotten home. Whitney and Dave were still there when we left. I knew that Whitney was going to have a long night ahead of her with little sleep. The emotions at a time like this were hard to handle, believe me I knew. I felt helpless not being able to do anything for her when she needed it most.
“You are telling me.” She said channel surfing through various channels. She had just helped Simon get into bed. The viewing had been hard for him and he had retired to his-Krystal’s- room as soon as they had gotten home. 
“I haven’t seen Dr. Todd in a while is everything okay?” I asked.
Krystal gave me that warning look she always gave me when I called Todd, Dr. Todd to her. It was catchy, I couldn’t help myself.
“I was planning on a dinner date tomorrow, but I have to ask my Maid-of Honor to hang out with Simon for a bit.” Krystal tried with a hopeful smile. 
I was a pushover, I got that. I just nodded. “I have a tutoring session tomorrow but I can be home by five?” I tried. 
Krystal squealed and wrapped me in her arms tightly. “I’ll set it up for six.” After she let go of me. She gave me a quizzical look. “Since when do you tutor, anyways?”
I shrugged, “I started helping Evan Blackwell with physics.” I said trying to make it sound like it wasn’t anything big. 
“I thought you hated Physics?” Krystal said her green eyes narrowing at me suspiciously. 
“I do, but I’m good at it. He practically begged me. I couldn’t say no.” I said not meeting Krystal’s penetrating gaze. 
“Was he the one you were talking to at the viewing?”
I nodded. “I just feel so bad for him. He and Melanie used to date and everyone who knew Melanie was so mean to him.”
Krystal smiled and placed an arm around my shoulders. “You are a great girl, Ren.” I smiled at the compliment. “Oh, how’s Jesse and everything?”
I couldn’t help the involuntary grin that came to my face at just the mention of Jesse. 
“Oh that looks positive.” Krys teased. “So you worked through all of your problems.”
“Yup, it’s perfect between us again.” I said as I stood up. “Have a goodnight, Aunt Krys.” I continued as I walked towards the staircase to my room. I didn’t need her to ask me anymore topics that involved involuntary grinning. 
“Sweet Dreams, sweetie.” 

~~~
I pulled up to school and there was a small crowd at the entrance to the main building. What was going on? I noticed the crowd begin to part. I walked faster hoping to catch what was going on. Lt. Vasquez and several officers moved through the narrow opening in the crowd. His face was stoic, they were on a case. Joe’s eyes met mine and he gave me a quick nod of recognition and continued to the line of police intercepters parked at the end of the lot. I started walking again trying to make my way through the mass of people. After several ‘excuse me’s,’ ‘sorry’s’ and ‘ouch’s’ I made my way into the school. Everyone was chattering, but I couldn’t make out what had happened. I was pulled to the side by Jesse. His face was serious. He had bad news. I felt my chest tighten in worry. 
“What happened?” I asked as we walked further into the hall away from the noise. 
“There was another car accident last night.” Jesse started. 
“Who? What happened? Did anyone get hurt?” I started a multitude of questions coming out of my mouth before I even thought them through. 
“There was only one car. Dana Glass was driving. She’s still alive but she’s injured bad.” Jesse said, a hand going through his hair. His worry was evident. This meant that Melanie’s accident was looking less like an accident and more like an act of malicious intent. I could see why Vasquez was here already. 
“Was there any evidence that it wasn’t an accident?” 
Jesse shrugged. “I don’t really know much else.” I finally started to register the loud sobs that were mixed into the crowd. This place was a zoo. I saw teachers escorting crying girls into empty classrooms. No bell rang. Instead the Principal’s voice came out on the loud speaker. 
“Due to the recent incident that occurred last night. Classes will not be in session. Counselors and staff will meet with any students who are in need of therapy or just to talk. All others please meet in the auditorium for further instruction.” 
We eventually ran into Dave who was noticeably alone. Whitney had already been guided to a classroom to talk with someone. I couldn’t even begin to understand what she was going through. Oh wait yes, I could. Thoughts of Violet and Rose came to mind. We had been neighbors since the third grade. I had grown up with their laughter in my yard and their pragmatic ways to even playing tag. Granted once middle school came around, we went our separate ways only talking when we ran into each other.
“What’s she like?” I asked as David followed us into the loud auditorium. 
“Worse. I think she might be crying nonstop for the next week.” David said with an exasperated sigh. He looked back at the doors to the auditorium. His anxiety was going to be high until Whitney was with him. It was adorable how protective he was of her. She was in good hands with Dave.
The principal cleared her throat and called for order and an end to the noise. 
“After discussion with the staff, it will be best if school is closed until this coming Monday. Keep the Glass Family in your prayers. Dana is currently in surgery, but an update should be available later. That is all for today. Drive Safely.” She finished and walked off the stage to talk with one of the guidance counselors. 
There was a mass exodus to leave the auditorium. We held back wanting to wait for Whitney. I’m sure she hadn’t been driving with all the emotional baggage she was wearing lately.
I saw her walk in a few minutes later her shoulders sagged. Her eyes were huge and red. She had red patches on her face and neck. She reached us and quietly wrapped her arms around David. David gave me a pained expression as he pulled Whitney closer to him. He was out of his depth here. I was out of my depth. No one really knows how to deal with someone that is hurting unless they are trained too. Even if they are trained I find that questionable. Dr. Shriver is a prime example. He had to go through a lot of school to be a doctor but he is clueless when it came to me.
We started walking out of the auditorium and ran into an even more sullen Evan, yesterday I didn’t even think that was possible. Whitney looked at him and let go of Dave long enough to hug Evan. He looked a mess, his face was pale and his eyes were red, he seemed frozen. I knew he had a rough time with Dana yesterday but there had to have been a time when they were friends. How he looked only confirmed my suspicions.
“I’m so sorry about what Dana said to you. I feel like this is karma’s way of saying we need to forgive you.” Whitney continued. I, however, looked at Jesse with another suspicion. He met my questioning gaze with a nod he was having the exact same thoughts. This was all highly coincidental. 
“Rena, I was just coming to cancel our study session. I really can’t focus today.” Evan choked out. 
 “No problem, Evan take all the time you need.” I said giving him a sympathetic hug before he walked off. 
Was he walking differently? I thought as he walked away trying to cover the fact that he was favoring his left leg.
 I looked at Jesse again who was talking to Whitney and Dave and hadn’t noticed. “Let’s get out of here.” I said finally heading out into the blistering cold that was January in Walterville, PA. 
Jesse walked me to my car. “Do you want me to follow you and hang out for a bit?” I nodded, not wanting to be alone with all that was happening. Jesse would distract me from any looming conspiracy theories taking hold of my brain. 
“I’d like that.” I said as I dropped his hand and got into my car. 
The drive was longer than usual. Everyone had been leaving at the same time and it was still snowing. I was fed up with the snow. Either it snowed and cancelled school or stopped. How hard was that? These on and off flurries were tiresome and pointless.
I pulled into my driveway and Jesse pulled up beside me. 
I had tried to mentally prepare myself to tell Simon the news about everything at school. I knew he would want to know and I knew it would make him feel better. I thought it validated the fact that maybe there was a third car at his accident and these ‘accidents’ weren’t really accidents. With a five minute drive home, all my conspiracy theories had come full circle. I guess I didn’t need the distraction anymore. Jesse followed me into the house. Simon was on the sofa watching television. I heard Krystal on the phone in the kitchen.
“Hey kids, what are you doing home so early?” Simon asked brightening when he saw us.
“School was cancelled.” I said sitting beside Simon on the sofa. 
Jesse sat on the love seat and waited for me to break the news to Mr. Cooper. 
“There was another car accident.” I started. 
Simon winced involuntarily. Maybe it was the memory of the impact or he was simply in pain, which I wasn’t sure. 
“What happened?” He asked, his voice raspy, his eyes were still closed. 
“Dana Glass was in a one car accident after the funeral. She was Melanie’s best friend.” I stopped. Simon was staring at me like I’d grown an extra head. 
“That is a morbid coincidence.” He replied grimly. 
I shook my head in disagreement. “No, don’t you get it Mr. Cooper, I think it means you were right. I think that third car you mentioned may be responsible for this.”
“Rena,” Jesse warned. 
“Hear me out.” I said trudging forward ignoring Jesse. “What is the likelihood that Mr. Cooper sees a third car purposively cause Melanie’s accident and then the next person injured is Melanie’s best friend? I think it’s all connected and I think Mr. Cooper is the only one that can ID this guy.” I said finally looking up at Mr. Cooper for confirmation. His eyes were still closed and his breathing was ragged. “It means that--”
“Stop, Ren.” Jesse said standing. He pulled me up and dragged me out of the room. “What the hell do you think you are doing?” He asked upset. His hands were on my shoulders like he wanted to shake some sense into me but he didn’t. “He just went through a terrible accident and you’re putting these thoughts in his head. Leave him alone.” Jesse said, dropping his hands and running a hand through his hair. 
I looked over at Mr. Cooper in the living room. Maybe I had come on a little strong. I didn’t want to worry him more than he needed. He was recovering. Krystal appeared in the doorway of the dining room. 
“Problem?” She asked taking in Jesse’s hard stance. 
“Fine, Aunt Krys.” I said walking out of the dining room. What had I been thinking? I thought this would make Simon feel better, but I’m sure I had just added extra stress to an already difficult recovery. The guilt had set in. 
I sat beside him again. I was out of line. Jesse and I had promised each other we would stay out of police business and the first chance to renegade I had. “Forget about what I said, Mr. Cooper. I just wanted to make you feel better.” I apologized hoping he’d understand where I was coming from. Hopefully, I hadn’t traumatized him further.
Chapter 15
The doorbell sounded ending all the conversations happening. Jesse and I were watching another music reality show with Mr. Cooper. It was the auditions, so we had basically been assaulted by poor singing for the last half hour.
“I’ll get it.” I said standing. I opened the door to find my dear godfather, Joe Vasquez. 
“Hi Joe. It’s been a while.” I said teasingly as I let him into the house. He half smiled and handed me a recorder. Oh, this was official business. A surge of adrenaline spiked through me. He walked past me into the living room. I followed excitedly. He stood across from Simon and I had sat beside Jesse on the loveseat.
“So as much as I want this to be a social visit. It isn’t, but it is unofficial.”
“Wait. So why am I recording?” I asked pausing the tape. 
“Because I’d like to make sure I remember everything that was said.” I narrowed my eyes. Suspicious. 
“What’s up, Lt. Vasquez?” I said as I pressed play again. 
“There was another accident, Simon.” Joe said sitting perpendicular from Jesse and I. 
“Rena told me.” He replied tersely. 
“There was only one person injured.” Vasquez continued. Jesse and I were silent and frozen like statues waiting for more information. What he had said so far was less than the news was saying. 
“Dana Glass appeared to be Melanie Fletcher’s close friend. So we have been sifting through evidence closely. It doesn’t look like an accident anymore.” That was not on the five o’clock news. I thought sinking back into my seat beside Jesse. I placed the recorder on the end table beside me. We waited for Joe to continue.
“We have found evidence that points to another car being at the scene of Dana’s accident. I need to know if you can give me anymore on the car you saw at you accident, Simon.” Joe said, his face never wavering from stoicism. 
Simon shook his head, “All I remember was that it was a dark colored car dark blue, red, maybe even black. It was compact. I drive a F150, it was way smaller than that. I’d say a small SUV. The high beams were bright like it is on most new cars. I remember thinking that it was almost daylight like when they flashed on unexpectedly.” He had practically repeated what he had said the first time. “Wait, the car was more square at the top.” He said pausing for a moment. “Sedans are kind of rounded and curved out but some small SUVs have that boxy look. It had a boxy look.” Simon said his eyes closed as he tried to replay what happened in his head. I rested a hand on his shoulder for comfort. 
Joe shook his head and stood like he had gotten everything he wanted. 
“What did the second car look like?” I asked wanting to answer the question that was searing a hole in my brain. 
“We don’t know.” Joe answered. “There might not even be a second car involved in that incident.”
“But you just said...”
“Yes, but Dana could have tapped a car or gotten the paint chips at any point during the day. It might not be connected at all.” Joe continued backpedaling from what he had said. He hadn’t meant to tell us that much. 
“Paint chips are nothing to go on is what you’re saying?” I asked a bit cynically. 
“Yes.” He replied exasperated. “Rena, Jesse, I’m holding you two to what you said last summer. Don’t even dip an interested toe into my investigation. Nothing.” He said seriously. His dark eyes locked on me and then Jesse.  Jesse and I nodded in unison. I wasn’t going to argue when Joe was being this scary. “Well I have to head back to the office. Want to grab a beer tomorrow, Simon? Keep you out of Rena and Krystal’s hands for a few hours.” Joe said cracking a smile that had nothing to do with me, but his old friend. 
“Sure.” Simon said excitedly. It was no one’s idea of fun to be playing third wheel.  I walked Joe back to the door. He threw an arm over my shoulder. “How’s he doing?” He asked that same dark look coming to his face. It was a look I associated with Joe and crime scenes. He had a vein protruding on his forehead. His eyes narrowed and his lips formed a thin straight line that was sharp enough to cut glass. 
 “I think he feels responsible but he’s getting through it.”
  “Did Krystal see Caitlin yet?” Joe asked innocently, he had no clue why Krystal hadn’t gone. 
“No, I think she was planning on taking Simon there sometime next week instead.” 
Joe nodded. “How are you?” He asked startling me. His questions were coming from left field. 
“Fine.” I responded looking up into his black depths. “Why?” He tried to hide it but I caught the smile he was trying to cover up. 
“You are one tough girl, sometimes, but we are here for you, too.” This grabbed my attention. I looked at his still serious expression. 
“Have you been talking to Krystal?” I asked a bit insulted that he would ask Krystal about me instead of asking me.
He shook his head, “No, I’m just more intuitive than you give me credit for.” He said ruffling my hair. “It takes a lot more than solving some big cases to become Lieutenant.” I rolled my eyes and he left without another word. 
Joe never ceased to amaze me. Not only did he always help me when I begged. He kept an eye on me even when I didn’t feel it. Creepy? Yes, but it was purely Joe and I would always be grateful. 
Jesse stood up before I even walked away from the door. He shoved a hand through his hair as he walked towards me.
“I have to get going, Ren.” I nodded looking at the time. It was still early. I didn’t fight, he was uncomfortable spending so much time with Simon. I understood. 
“Okay, see you tomorrow?” I asked hopeful we would meet up before the funeral. 
“I’ll text you.” He said kissing my forehead and heading out the door, too. 
I stared at the closed door for a few moments. That was it? I turned and Simon was watching me watch the door. 
“So I guess it is just us.” I said sitting back down on the sofa beside him. “When did you want to eat dinner? Krystal made lasagna.” I continued while channel surfing.
“Did I do something wrong?” He asked instead. I looked over at him.
“No, why would you think that?” I asked genuinely curious where this was coming from.
“Jesse just left so abruptly. I wasn’t sure if it was something I did.” I shook my head. I wasn’t entirely sure why Jesse had left but offending Mr. Cooper was the last thing he had in mine. He was usually really cautious about doing things like that. What was up?
“Mr. Cooper... Simon. Jesse has a lot of work lately he just gets sidetracked sees the time and needs to leave. Don’t take it personally. Jesse likes you and is actually trying to get you to like him.” I said with a smile that was leaving a sour taste in my mouth. I didn’t know if it was the truth or not but Simon didn’t need any more low blows for the rest of his life especially from me. 
He nodded and I wasn’t sure he believed me but he dropped the subject. “I could go for lasagna.” I stood up happy to oblige.  
“Give me ten minutes.” I said heading for the kitchen.
There was a lot to process while reheating the lasagna Krystal had made earlier before her date. I had to not think about what Jesse was up to. I had to not think about what Joe had said.  I  had to not think about this case. 
Earlier, I had been rash and I needed to cool with all my cries of murder. Or sometime very soon no one was going to believe me. I had to focus on my promise to Jesse and Joe. I was out of the detective game. I was going to remain uninvolved. Besides, there were bigger things happening. College acceptances. School. Handling Whitney. Prom. My birthday. I didn’t want to think about that one. In three weeks, I would be seventeen and one step closer to being out on my own.
I shook my head erasing frightening thoughts of living somewhere new. I didn’t know how I planned on adjusting to New York City, but I had to at least get acquainted with the idea before then. I had no doubt Jesse would get into his dream school, Columbia. I was another story all together. That confidence hadn’t come to me and I would be happy just being in the same city as him at NYU. I always thought I would end up in Philadelphia, but things change. For Jesse, I was willing to let things change.
When Jesse and I went to Columbia. I knew he was home. He loved everything about the school. It was big, prestigious, in a big city, and we would just blend in like we wanted. I liked the school but it was daunting thinking I was applying to a school where kids also applied to Harvard and Yale. What was the likelihood I could get into a place like that? Jesse had the whole alumnus thing going for him. I wasn’t so lucky and my hopes of being at the same school were there but not as optimistic as they had been in the beginning. I wasn’t letting anything get between us no matter what. Jesse and I weren’t going to be apart. 
The microwave dinged and dinner was ready for Simon and I. 
“Dinner is served.” I said pulling up a small folding table we had gotten when I had broken my leg when I was younger. He smiled and thanked me. 
Chapter 16
This was the day everyone had been dreading. Melanie and Keegan’s funerals. To go with the grim atmosphere, dark clouds had settled over the entire town. It was predicted that a nasty blizzard was coming today. I was hoping it held off until tonight because I didn’t want to hear about anymore accidents. 
I parked in front of Jesse’s house. It was dark except for the light on in his room. His parents were attending the funerals later today but were not attending the viewing. Someone had to run the restaurant. 
I opened the door Jesse had left open. “Jess?” I asked the empty hall.
“Come up.” He said over the railing that was the only hall for him and his sister’s rooms. I climbed the stairs, my heart beating a little faster the closer I got to his room. The last time I was here it was magical. We hadn’t really talked about what came next in our relationship, but I was starting to think that Jesse had it all mapped out. At least, I hoped he did because I knew for a fact I wouldn’t be any help.
“So what’s---” He kissed me. Hard. He pulled away from me with that devilish smile on his face. 
“Guess what I got yesterday.” Jesse said excitedly. His broad smile told me whatever it was had to be great. 
“What?” I mumbled lamely. He walked me towards his bed and sat down.
“My mom texted me. I had a letter from Columbia.” 
This I had to sit down for. 
“Ren, I got in!” He said his enthusiastic smile gracing his perfect face again. 
“Wow that’s wonderful!” I said hugging him. I hope it didn’t sound as half-hearted to him as it did to me. 
“Ren, you are going to get yours soon. We are going to Columbia.” He said holding my hands. “I love you and we are going to school together no matter what.” He said pulling me in for a much needed hug. 
“I will never be happy without you.” He said placing a chaste kiss on my lips. 
“I love you too. No worries, yet.” I said forcing a smile on my face. He stood up and threw his tie around his neck. 
“I guess we should be going.” He said tying his tie as he left his room. He seemed to have lost some steam after my less then happy response.
~~~
We arrived and again it was mobbed. There was black everywhere, but I got that, it was a funeral. Whitney was to the side talking to David. She was much more composed than she had been yesterday. I gave her a hug and asked about Dana’s progress. She was still in the hospital in a coma. She had some surgery for some internal bleeding but overall they thought she would make it through. Whitney and Dave talked about all the rumors she had heard since Dana’s accident. 
Apparently, she was not as well liked as Melanie and Keegan. People were saying that this screamed Dana trying to steal the spotlight from Melanie. Let me mention that this so called spotlight was death. I could not believe anyone, not even Dana, was that attention starved. Even if I didn’t know her as well as most. Would someone really risk their lives to be the center of attention? 
We glided around the viewing talking to people we knew and giving our condolences to Keegan’s parents. Before I knew it, we were being escorted to the church across the street for Melanie’s funeral service. According to the program, Keegan’s service would be immediately after and then we would go to the cemetery for the burial. I wasn’t completely on board with going to the cemetery yet. I had avoided it since Rose and Violet’s funeral. Fortunately, Missy had been buried in Philadelphia so this hadn’t been an issue until now.
Before I was positive me stepping into that cemetery would bring back horrible memories of Caitlin trying to kill me or just flashes of the repetitive nightmare that had haunted me until recently. I was starting to think that going back to the cemetery again might be cathartic. I needed to not associate places with Caitlin. I needed to be able to go anywhere and not think of her. 
The services were somber and as I sat beside Whitney, I held her right hand and Dave held her left. We tried to be the support she needed. We had asked if she wanted to sit with her parents but she insisted she wanted to be with us. She had held up well only quietly crying for a few moments during Melanie’s service. David hugged her and she stopped sobbing with his embrace or he muffled it. Which I wasn’t sure.
Keegan’s service was less painful for Whitney. Although there were several sobbing outbursts by family members, they were quickly resolved. 
At about two p.m. we were ready to go the cemetery. Jesse’s hand fell into mine and he gave it a slight squeeze for support. I hadn’t even mentioned my growing anxiety about going back there but he knew. “If you can’t handle it you will tell me?” Jesse asked just before placing a kiss on my forehead. I nodded, fully intending to take him up on his offer if need be. 
The drive was in silence. I wanted to be able to do this and conquer one more unnecessary fear. Jesse parked as close as he could to the first plot. The casket for Melanie’s service was already in place and from the ruckus occurring further in the cemetery, they were preparing for Keegan’s as well. 
As we stood in place my eyes wondered. Right over the hill sat the forest where all the dark memories I kept stored away for only my nightmares to use. I looked once more and turned my head to focus. There would be no one waiting for me, but I couldn’t resist the urge to look back. I saw someone standing in the distance, closer to Keegan’s burial site. They were distinctly male. I leaned away from Jesse, but jumped when I heard his voice.
“Ren, you okay? You look pale.” Jesse asked, worry creasing his brows as his narrow eyes watched me for a reaction. I was sure he was expecting me to have some sort of reaction. I refused to give in to my old ways. 
“I’m fine, just a little cold.” I said wrapping my arms around me for emphasis.  Jesse pulled me closer to him and further under the tent to avoid the falling snow.
“We can go whenever you want.” He tried again. That got my attention. Why was he pushing me to leave? So I turned and really looked at Jesse. He had gone through what I had gone through in that forest as well and I may not be anxious over it now but he seemed to be.
“Are you okay?” I asked taking in the hard set of his jaw and the way he tried to inconspicuously keep his eyes away from the forest.
“I’ve been better.” He answered honestly. 
“Jess--” I started not sure what I wanted to say to console him. He pulled me out of the tented area and toward the car. 
“I can’t...” He said digging his hands into his pockets for his keys and effectively avoiding me. He opened the car with a beep and I slid in and automatically turned on the heat positioning my hands in front of the vents. “I didn’t think I’d be this anxious. I don’t want to be here, Ren. I can’t handle being here.” He said seriously his eyes meeting mine. “Every time I look around I see Caitlin coming at you. I picture all the awful things that you never should have went through.” He shook his head trying to wash away the memories.  His blue eyes looked like a storm was brewing and I felt an ache in my chest for him. 
“Drive.” I said wanting to get out of this nightmare and sooth Jesse the way he calmed me every time I even came near neurosis. For once, I wasn’t going to let my own issues get in the way of what Jesse was overcoming. 
He stopped at his house. The house was dark, his parents had either made it to the funerals or were swamped at the diner. Either way we were alone. I slid out of the car and followed Jesse inside. He turned on the light and quickly went up the stairs to his room. We didn’t say a word until we reached it. 
There were so many things I wanted to say. So many things I wanted to know, but I stopped myself. Jesse didn’t need that. He needed me to be there. He walked into his room pulling off his tie, suit jacket, and shirt and threw them on the chairs by the door. He collapsed in his bed. Face down, I walked over, not sure what to do.
“Jess, I think we should--” He lifted his head and directed me to get in bed. I followed and sat beside him. He pulled me closer to him and rested his head on my stomach. 
“I’m okay.” He said halfheartedly. I sifted a hand threw his soft, tousled hair. 
“I don’t think you’re okay.” I retorted. I heard his self deprecating laugh, but he didn’t bother to move or correct me.
“What’s wrong with me, Doctor?” He finally said after a long silence. He lifted his head to look up at me. 
“I think the cemetery scared you.” I started. “I think you have held up a hell of a lot better than I did with everything we’ve been through, but you have opened the gates. They aren’t going to close again.” I shook my head, “What is going through that head of yours?” I finished wanting him to say anything to me at this point. 
He sat up and hugged me. Surprisingly tight. “I just felt it again.” He pulled away looking at me. “Ren, I felt that all consuming need to protect you. To keep Caitlin away. The fucked up part is we were nowhere near any trouble. I understood when I felt like this before we went to Philly and I needed to keep you safe and away from it all. When we were at the cemetery today,  I kept looking at the forest and all those emotions just punched me in the face.” He said sitting close to me on his bed.
I looked at him and couldn’t help but smile. “You just may have given me the most stubborn, chauvinistic response I have ever heard.” He looked at me hurt for all of five seconds. 
“Wow, that was a little bit he-man.” He said that sexy smile gracing his face once again. 
“Never stop smiling.” I said and kissed him. He laughed. 
“I’ll try my best for you, beautiful.” He said placing another chaste kiss on my lips. 
“Do you want to talk about anything else?” I asked pulling away from him to completely see his face. His handsome face with the light scruff, the fresh tan, his ocean blue eyes, and his perfectly kissable, sumptuous lips. I tried to read his face for something other then the sexiness I saw. I wanted him to be the put together, rational one again. I didn’t want him to keep it bottled up inside like he was doing.
His jaw flexed. “The only thing I’m thinking is you are too overdressed to be in my room.” I gave him a pointed look but it only lasted until our next kiss. A kiss that had me thankful that I was sitting down or my knees would have buckled. 
Chapter 17
“Mr. Cooper, where am I taking you again?” I asked as I grabbed his crutches and helped him into my car. 
“I have an appointment in Philadelphia. I’d really appreciate if you could take me, Rena. I feel like I’ve been taking too much of Krystal’s free time.” He said as he settled into the passenger seat of my car. 
“I’ll take you anywhere you want, but know that Krystal is happy to take you anywhere you will never be an imposition to us. You are family.” I said before I threw his crutches into my trunk. I slid into the driver’s seat getting comfortable for the half hour commute. It wasn’t long but most of the driving I did was to school and back. Great distances and I had not become acquainted yet. 
“Thank you again, Rena.” I smiled and started the car. 
Simon fiddled with the radio finding a station and raising it to a decent volume where we wouldn’t have to talk. I was comfortable not talking. I wasn’t sure I’d have a lot to say to Simon that I hadn’t already said. 
The silence left me to think about what had happened with Jesse. I hadn’t meant to end up in another compromising situation, I wasn’t regretting it. I just wanted him to feel better. After I left, I was sure he felt better but I wasn’t sure if it was permanent. I wasn’t even sure it had solved any of the issues he had been having. That ridiculous grin was back on my face and it took every molecule of control I had to not smile when I came home last night. Krystal would have known something was up. 
When I first went to bed I was beyond worried I’d have nightmares of what I saw at the cemetery. The guy standing there watching. Was he really there? Or did I make him up? I mauled over what I saw, but that always brought me back to Jesse’s reaction. 
If I had expected anyone to freak out I never expected it to be Jesse. This had me biting my lip and wondering how I’d really get him to open up about what had happened and how it was affecting him. I just felt there had to be more to it then his overwhelming need to protect me. It just didn’t fit. I saw the dark look in his eyes that said the funeral was taking more out of him, but he felt he had more pressing matters than his own anxiety. Had he been doing that all along hiding how he felt for me?
“Take a left over here.” Simon said snapping me out of my thoughts I made a left and saw a large building looming over us. I knew we were only five or ten minutes out of the city limits of Philadelphia. When I saw the building, an overwhelming feeling of dread hit me like a freight train. 
“Is this ...this...” I couldn’t form the words that were racing through my head, but I knew. Caitlin was inside that building. 
“I didn’t think Krystal understood how important it was for me to see Caitlin. Of all the people I knew, you are the only one that I wanted to come with me.” Simon said his dark eyes pleading with me to not turn the car around. Turning the car around was the first thought I had and it was still high on my list of things to do. I couldn’t be here! The last time I saw Caitlin, she was trying to kill me. I wasn’t a psychiatrist but I knew this could derail any progress I’ve had in the last year. 
I shook my head. “I shouldn’t be here.” 
“Rena, you don’t have to come in with me or see her. Wait in the car if you like.” I parked in the first open spot I found. 
I looked up at the tall building in front of me. This place was scary. It was big and old like those scary mansions in every horror film I had ever seen. The dark brick structure and minimalist landscaping made me feel unwelcome and still pondering if I should leave or not.
“Fine. I’ll wait.” I said turning off the car’s engine and waiting for Mr. Cooper to get out and on with this deception. I waited for him to leave me until I realized he needed his crutches. I got out of the car and opened my hatchback to get his crutches. I opened his door and held his crutches out for him to support himself. He stood and grabbed the crutches. 
“Thank you.” He said, taking his first step and hobbling to the entrance. I watched him for a few minutes and raced to catch up with him at the door. 
“Why me?” I asked as I opened the door for him.
“Because you understand how much I love Caitlin. I know it’s hard to admit but you still love her.” My shoulders sagged and I avoided his penetrating gaze. There may have been some truth to that statement.
“You don’t have to admit it to me or yourself. I’m just thankful you understand.”
We walked past the front desk, Simon gave the woman a nod and continued further into the still ominous building. We walked through metal detectors and an ID check before we made it to the elevator. 
“How is she?” I asked instead. I understood why he wanted me to be here but I didn’t understand what he wanted me to be here for. 
“She has good days and bad ones. They are still working on her medication cocktail.” I nodded not trusting myself to say anything that wasn’t insensitive. I thought over the jumble of questions in my head. 
From what I remembered, Caitlin had been diagnosed with Paranoid Schizophrenia with early onset. I had asked Dr. Shriver what that meant and he had rambled on about most major disorders being diagnosed in a person’s early twenties. Caitlin had been diagnosed at seventeen meaning it occurred earlier than expected. 
“So tell me about her disorder.” I said pushing everything else out of my head. 
“Well, she was diagnosed with schizophrenia. The doctors think that she has been suffering with it for some time but can’t exactly pinpoint when it started. Personally, I think she started changing when she started dating Jesse from what you have told me.” My shoulders stiffened with the accusation laced into his words. 
“Are you blaming--”
He must have realized his words, “No, I don’t blame Jesse. I just don’t believe their relationship was helping her health. I think Brandy’s death may be the catalyst and her relationship with Jesse was just added stress she didn’t need.” I thought over what he said. High school had changed Caitlin. I remember how self-involved she became and the development of her manipulation. I could get behind this theory. 
“Does she...” I didn’t know what I wanted to say. Did she mention me? Did she hate me? All the childish insecurities I had been trying to overcome this last week were coming back full force. 
“She asks about you all the time depending on her mood is whether it is in a nice way or not.” He said exasperated. His breathing was heavy from all the strain of walking with his crutches.
I nodded not really satisfied with that answer. I didn’t want to know anymore. I had already derailed everything I had been telling myself by just coming in here. The elevator opened and we walked out onto the fourth floor. There was another nurse’s station and Simon wrote down his name in a book and talked with the nurse. 
She looked up at me quickly and waved a hand to come over and sign the visitor log. I sat down beside Simon and waited for whatever was supposed to happen next.
After a few minutes the nurse called Simon forward. They talked again and the nurse escorted me into a small room. When I sat down I noticed a large window. A man in a white lab coat, probably a doctor, came in and sat down as well. The chairs in the room were all facing the large window into another room. I looked into that room and noticed someone sitting at the worn wooden table. I walked further in, closer to the massive window. 
Dark blonde hair, big brown eyes, a disapproving frown on her usually cheerful face. Caitlin. I couldn’t help the gasp that escaped from me. She looked just like she always had. He hair was long and french braided and fell down her back neatly. She looked like she was ready for another day at school, not stuck in a mental institution. Simon sat down in the seat across from her. 
“Geez you look like you’ve been hit by a truck.” She quipped in an emotionless tone. 
 I stared at the window. Why would he want me to see her? Why wouldn’t he warn me? I slumped into the closest chair and stared in disbelief. 
“I’m fine thanks for your concern, honey.” Simon snapped back. 
She rolled her eyes and gave him a dismissive wave of her hands. “What happened, dad?” She said placing a bored look on her face as she waited for his explanation. 
“I was in a car accident on New Year’s.”
“Is everything okay?” She asked, a minuscule bit of concern laced into her tone. This must be what Simon meant when he said there were good days and bad. This was starting to look like a good one. I felt some relief in that. 
“I’ve been better,” He started. 
“It seems soon. Shouldn’t you still be in the hospital?” She said a look of disapproval making her small nose crinkle. 
“I was given a clean bill of health and was let out sooner since I’m staying with...” He stopped talking when Caitlin looked up, with interest, for him to finish. 
“Who? Did you get back with that awful she-devil, Sheila?” She said with a sneer that made her eyes look like deadly weapons. I stiffened waiting for the impending outburst. 
“No, I’ve been staying with Krystal and Rena.” Her head shot up and the doe eyed stare she gave him told me she was eager for more information. 
“So how are they?” She said feigning boredom, but I knew Caitlin. Her eyes hadn’t left him, she was dying for information.
“Krystal is engaged to a nice doctor. Rena’s wrapping up with school.” Simon said casually. He was trying to get her off the topic and make us sound as uninteresting as he could.
“Is she still with...” She let the words trail off, yet I still knew what she meant, was I still with Jesse. 
“Yes.” He said with no emotion. 
“Are they...” She turned and looked out the window where I was. Did she see me? Did she know I was watching? “Happy?” She finished the words and they seemed to have left a sour taste in her mouth. 
“I think so.” She stared at him for a long time. Anyone else would have turned under the scrutiny of her gaze but he just waited for her to ask something else. 
“I miss them, daddy.” She said as she rested her head on her outstretched hand. 
“I never thought the two people I loved the most would leave me.” She continued blinking back tears. I blinked in a stupor at her words. She loved us?
“I always wanted her to be happy. I wasn’t a bad friend, but why did it have to be Jesse? Anyone else I would have accepted but even thinking about him makes my heart ache.” She said resting her hand over her heart for emphasis. 
“Caitlin, I think you are being a little dramatic.” Simon started. “You hurt him a lot. You can’t expect him to ever get past all the horrible things you did to him.”
“It’s not like it matters now.” She said another hard gaze meeting me. She had to know I was there. 
“Caitlin.” He tried but she ignored him as she went on to say more.
“I’m stuck in this hellhole forever with Dr. Letcher watching me through a mirrored window. I will never have privacy ever again.” She said pointing to the mirror. Her anger was showing on her face as splotches of red came to her cheeks. 
Flashes of the Caitlin that found me in the forest came to mind. She took a deep breath and looked at Mr. Cooper again. 
“I’m sorry, daddy.” She said with a fake smile. “It’s just hard some days. You tell me how great Rena and Jesse are and how I’m trapped here. It hurts.” She said finally looking back at her father. 
“I didn’t want to bring it up.” He said, “But you asked. Caitlin, I know you don’t understand how this happened but I’ve seen Rena and Jesse together. It’s not just a fling that will go away. They really care about each other.” She looked down at her hands set on the wooden table.
She snorted, it was the last thing she wanted to hear. “Do you want me to go off the deep end again?” 
“Caitlin.” He said firmly so she would turn her gaze to him. “Life goes on you need to learn that people move on. Did you really expect them to still be obsessing over you.” 
She averted her eyes to the table between them. “I had expected Rena to miss me no matter what. She was supposed to be my best friend.”
I looked down at my own hands shaking in my lap. “She misses you against her better judgment.” Simon said laying a soothing hand on top of Caitlin’s. 
“You are lying.” Caitlin snapped back.
“If I’m lying, why did she bring me here?” Simon said so softly, that I barely caught it. 
Caitlin’s eyes snapped back to the mirrored window. “Is she there?” She asked her voice choked up with emotion. I thought she lost those to mania. 
He nodded his head in affirmation. Caitlin walked up to the window. She stood right in front of where I was. How did she know where I was? 
“I want to see her.” She complained. “Can she see me?” 
Simon nodded again. I felt the start of tears sting my eyes as I looked at the ghost of my best friend. She was thinner. Her blond hair didn’t have the platinum highlights she had added once we got to high school. Dark shadows found residence under each eye. Her typically chocolate brown eyes were empty voids. I wasn’t sure if it was her medications or this was the real Caitlin, but I didn’t want to look at what now existed of the girl I had considered my sister. I stood up and rushed out of the room.
Chapter 18
I was sitting in my room processing the last few hours. What the hell had I been thinking even going in there? 
Simon had apologized profusely on the ride home. The visit had been hard for him and when he saw me I knew guilt was eating at his thoughts. I didn’t say much on the way home. My mind was absorbing everything that had occurred. I guess I was needing longer than usual to cope. I thought my life would move on when I saw her, yet, unmistakeable feelings of sadness consumed me. Caitlin looked awful. Despite what Jesse and Krystal and Dr. Shriver said I was still moving on. It may have been at a snail’s pace, but I was. Something that was evident when I compared myself to Caitlin. 
She wasn’t consumed with guilt over the murders she committed or all the other horrible things she did in her life. She was obsessed with Jesse and I. 
I mauled that over. Jesse. My chest tightened. Did I want to tell him this? He had called and I chose to ignore it until I came up with something to say to defend myself from the disapproving lecture I was in for.
I left my room. Something like this was not meant to be said over the phone. I headed to The Scoop knowing he was going to be working this weekend. 
I walked in already scanning The Scoop for Jesse, when someone grabbed my arm. I looked up and let out a sigh of relief when it was just Evan. 
“Hey Evan, how’s it going?” 
He shrugged his shoulders. He looked like he may have had his first night’s sleep this year. He looked rested. The dark circles that I was accustomed to seeing under his dark eyes were lighter. He smiled and fell in step with me as I walked to the hostess stand.
“Wanna grab something to eat and hang out?” Evan tried. I smiled halfheartedly at the suggestion. I could appreciate the distraction but I was here on a mission. 
“Actually, I’m meeting Jesse here but I definitely want to know how you’re doing. Wanna plan a study date tomorrow?” I asked knowing this would kill two birds with one stone. I had to be a persistent tutor if I wanted Evan to do better on his next exam.
He nodded and walked off to order take out. I felt a pang of guilt as I watched him walk out and I still waited at the counter for Jesse to come over. 
“Avoiding me?” Jesse said with a heart-stopping smile that contradicted his words. 
“Really? Then why am I sitting here?” I said swiveling in the stool to see that sexy face better.
“Want me to take my break?” I nodded seriously and he headed to the back to tell his dad.
Jesse came back a few seconds later. He threw his black apron on a hook, exchanged it for his coat, and headed out the front door. Apparently, he needed a break from the diner. 
“What’s going on?” He asked as he grabbed my gloved hand and we started walking toward our favorite spot in the nearby park. It was cold and still gloomy but with my winter coat I could handle the walk. “You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”
“It’s worse. I saw Caitlin.” I don’t know why I just blurted it out like that but it just flew out of my mouth without my approval. 
Jesse stopped walking and looked at me like I’d grown another head. “How?” Was his response as he started walking briskly, pushing his hands into his coat pockets. 
From his cold response, I knew he was upset. I had wanted to extend our happiness after another amazing night together, but here I was barely able to keep my mouth from saying what it wanted. I pulled his arm to slow down. I couldn’t keep up unless I started to jog.
“I didn’t mean to, Mr. Cooper asked me to take him to Philly this morning. I didn’t realize where we were until I got there. I went in because he needed me to. I watched their visit because I was curious. I know it was stupid, but Jesse I wanted to tell you. Don’t get mad because it looks like I’m not moving on.” He stopped walking completely and just stared at me. His blue eyes turned hard like sapphires. His usually sumptuous mouth dissolved into a thin line.
“What happened to you getting over this?” He said instead. 
“I am.” I replied automatically. “This didn’t cause me to revert back to the guilt and nightmares. I am okay, Jess, I’m more than okay. I’m moving on a hell of a lot better than Caitlin. I don’t care what you say anymore. I know I’ve improved and I just wanted to talk to you about what happened. We haven’t seen her in a year.” 
The hard glint in his eyes seemed to melt and he put an arm around my shoulders and pulled me in toward him.
“She looks awful, Jess. I mean she’s still Caitlin, but she’s like a ghost of herself. I’m not sure if it’s all the medications or what but she’s more docile. She scared the crap out of me. Mr. Cooper says she has good and bad days, I’m not sure what today was but she’s slighted. You know the entire time she talked to Mr. Cooper she just harped about us. He says that’s how she forgets about everything. She blocks out the murders by staying angry at us.” 
I looked up to see what his response would be. “I’m sorry but all I could focus on as you talked was this stray hair.” He said pushing a strand from my face.
He kissed my forehead. 
“Jess” I admonished weakly.
“I heard you. Sounds like I shouldn’t be so hard on you. Also, sounds like I’ll have to talk to Mr. Cooper if you start having nightmares again.” 
I slapped his chest in disapproval. He still held me firmly to his chest without any intention of letting me go.
“I’m completely serious, Rena.” He said his voice taking on a harsh tone like it always did when it involved my persistent nightmares.
“How could he do something so reckless? She tried to kill you and for him to trick you into taking him there is ....is... I should tell Krystal about this.” He said instead. 
“Jesse,” I said resting my hands on his chest hoping to stop the dangerous tilt of his thoughts. 
“I’m serious, Ren. Nothing he did was right.” 
“Jess, I wanted to go. I didn’t have to it was my choice. Blame me.” When those ocean blue eyes hit me, the weight of my guilt hit me worse than if a bus had hit me. I’d hurt him, instead of searching for answers together like we always had. I had found them all on my own. I wasn’t going to push it and say I was healed but I felt better for the visit. Not only had I started taking steps to move on in my life. The one thing that was holding me back, I had faced and realized guilt wasn’t needed. She was the only one that had to deal with guilt. I hadn’t done anything wrong expect be happy, fall in love, and go on with my life. 
“You know I’d never blame you, even if you had the murder weapon in your hand.” I smiled at his choice of words. “You will tell me if anything is wrong or if the nightmares start again.” He looked down at me waiting for me to respond it was damn hard when I was just looking up at him to find coherent words.
“Yes, but I’m not worried about it. I really think I’m moving on and it’s all because of you.” I said placing a kiss on his lips. They were cold but it was still the only place I wanted to be. 
“I have to get back.” He complained before he brushed another kiss my way. I pouted but let him pull me back in the direction of The Scoop. “How about you meet me after my shift. I get out at three.” I nodded not even caring what I had to do. I wanted to be with him more now than ever before. 
Jesse stopped and left me standing by my car as he raced inside to start back from his break, that he was a little late to.
I watched him for a few minutes and got back into my car heading in the direction of my house. As soon as I saw Caitlin, I knew I was telling Jesse. I wasn’t as sure I’d tell Krystal. I could see the little vein in her forehead throbbing as I told her. I didn’t want to cause her to have a heart attack before she even got married. Not to mention the fact that she would call my parents almost instantly. 
I groaned just at the possibility. There was no way to prepare for Krystal. 
I pulled into my driveway. I heard yelling when I got out of the car. Not ordinary. I opened the door into the living room to see Krystal fuming. Her face was flushed and she looked ready to have an aneurism. 
“Are you crazy? Why would you do that without even telling me! I told you I would take you whenever you wanted. All I asked is that you not get Rena involved! Damn it, Simon. Do you know how much that screwed with her. You have probably destroyed all the progress she has made this last year with your idiotic antics. If I’d have known you were going to pull something like this I would have let you stay with Joe.”
“Aunt Krystal!” I shouted, shocked at her disregard for Mr. Cooper and his feelings. She looked at me her mouth hanging open for a moment.
Her eyes shifted from glaciers and softened as she assessed me for mental harm. There wasn’t any and she was wasting her time. 
“What is going on?” I asked looking over the odd scene. Simon was sitting on the sofa his head down probably berating himself the same way Krystal was only a few moments before. 
“How are you doing, honey?” Krys said rubbing her hands up and down my arms like she was trying to warm me up from frost bite. 
“I’m fine.” I said tersely as I walked into the house. She stared at me aghast. 
“Do you want to talk?” She tried again. 
“There is nothing to say. I’m thankful Mr. Cooper took me today.” I started sitting beside him and I took his head. “I freaked but now that I’ve had time to process it, it was good for me.” I looked up at her waiting to continue her tirade against Simon. 
She floundered. She looked at me that vein in her forehead that I was so afraid of seeing still pulsing. She took some cleansing breaths, that seemed to do the trick and her forehead smoothed out.  “Aunt Krys, I didn’t agree with Mr. Cooper tricking me, but it was helpful and I think I’m better for going.” I waited for her to sit beside me and I gave her a hug. She looked like she needed one. 
A knock sounded from the door. Simon instantly rose. “I called Joe, I didn’t mean to be an inconvenience to you both and I’ll be staying with him and Amber until I’m better.” He sounded like a disobedient child that had just been punished. Considering the fact that Krystal was screaming at him, I guess that was the case. 
“Simon,” Krystal heaved in exasperation. “You don’t have to leave. You are welcome to stay here as long as you need. Even though what you did was stupid. We don’t turn our back on our family.” 
Simon nodded. “I still think this will be for the best.” He said as he hobbled forward for his crutches. Krystal went to open the door where Joe was waiting. A stoic expression on his face. How surprising?
I huffed. I couldn’t believe Simon would be such a coward and call Joe to bail him out of an uncomfortable situation. I thought I had demons to overcome it looked like I wasn’t alone in that boat. Simon had a lot he needed to deal with before he could be okay
Chapter 19
Where was he? Evan was already a half hour late. Jesse dropped off another diet coke and kiss before his order was ready. I smiled and looked over what I was planning to teach Evan. I don’t know how I wanted to teach him this stuff I hadn’t learned it with Dave yet, so my grasp was shaky at best. I was taking a leap of faith, hopefully it paid off and I taught it to myself as well as Evan.
“Sorry, I’m late.” He said rushing in with his back pack hanging from his arm. He slid into the booth across from me. 
“No problem.” I said pretending I wasn’t peeved. 
“I just lost track of time. I was at the auto shop and next thing I know it’s twelve thirty.” He said hurriedly going through his bag for his books. 
“How long have you worked there?” I asked as I waited for him to get situated. 
“Since I was fifteen and could work. Jack is really good about training and he has been like a father to me. I knew nothing about cars until I started working for him.” He looked down for a moment. 
I didn’t say a word, he looked like there was something he wanted to get off his chest. 
“Since it’s just me and my mom, Jack has been there for me. My mom is always gone because she works a lot, Jack has kept me busy and on the right track, at least that’s what he tells my mom.” That uncomfortable feeling that he was over-sharing hit me again. This guy had no filter or he thought we were closer than I did. Which was the case? I didn’t have the slightest clue.
When he stopped talking I asked, “So do you think you understand what we went over last week or do you want me to go over it again?” I asked hoping to get him to remember we were here for Physics. I waited for him to get on the same page as me literally and figuratively. 
“No, I think I’ve got a handle on that stuff. Ren, you know you’re a great listener.” He said looking up at me. 
“Um, thanks.” I said avoiding his gaze as I looked down at the textbook to find some review problems for us to try out.
~~~
“So then Jack asked what do you mean the car was missing a tire? How did it get here?” Evan finished, he shrugged. “To this day I can’t answer that question.” 
I laughed, we had wrapped up studying and I thought Evan would leave while I waited for Jesse to finish his shift. He hadn’t. He continued sitting with me telling me stories, like we were long time friends. To be honest, some of the stories were pretty hilarious. When Evan was happy, he was a great guy to be around. I liked seeing this side of him.
“Okay, I have one.” I started since we had been exchanging ridiculous stories. 
“You want to know how Dave and I met?”
“Go ahead?” He said a wide smile on his face as he waited for me to continue. 
“Well a friend of mine had the biggest crush on him and invited him to a pool party. When he got there she tells me he’s only here for one reason to get into my friend, Caitlin’s pants. At the time, Cait was dating Jesse...”
“Wait, that Jesse?” He said pointing to my boyfriend that had dropped off several refills. 
He gave me a look that said, he wanted to hear how we got together but that was a little too close for comfort to tell a someone I barely knew. 
“Hear me out. So I was defensive. I told him he wasn’t going to use me to get to her. Turned out my other friend liked him and wanted to dissuade him from his crush on Caitlin so she could date him. The best part is five minutes with me he assumed I had a crush on Jesse and we sort of bonded over it. More then we should have.”
“So you guys are friends because you were both into the same couple?” He had an obnoxiously wide grin on his face. “I’m not going to lie that is messed up.” 
I shrugged innocently. “I haven’t regretted it for a second, Dave’s the best.”
He nodded in agreement, “So how about you tell me how you end up with your best friend’s ex-boyfriend.” 
I shook my head, “Nope. Some stories are just not meant to be relived.” He leaned back in his vinyl seat staring at me in challenge. 
“It just seems interesting,” he said leaning forward. “You and Jesse are solid. You gave up a friendship for him?” I gulped. 
“It’s not like that.” 
“I don’t know what it’s like because you won’t tell me about it?” He said his dark eyes hitting me full force, a teasing smile brightened his normally dark features.
“No matter if Jesse and I were together, I still wouldn’t be friends with Caitlin.”
“This Caitlin must be a bitch? She graduate?” He tried again.
My eyes widened, “You don’t know who I’m talking about?”
“Caitlin’s a common name.” He continued. 
“You remember the murder at the prom.” 
He averted his eyes, his thoughts probably going back exactly where mine went, the day we met. You were the one that found the body at the prom? He nodded, “What about it?”
“The people they arrested?”
“Oh yeah, um Randy and Josh from the football team and some cheerleader named...no way.” He stopped and stared at me his mouth hanging open. “That is the Caitlin you were talking about?”
“She was a....” He stopped as he saw my face. “I’m not gonna lie, I want to know more.” He said leaning forward and putting his hand over mine. I noticed and pulled away quickly. “Sorry.” He said looking down at his lonely hand. “This was a blast, Ren. I think I should get going.” He said seeming to ignore the rejection or suddenly become aware of how inappropriate it was.
I nodded not meeting his eyes, “When do you want to study again?” I asked, knowing despite how awkward he just made it, I had a promise to keep. 
“Is tomorrow okay? I want to know this like my name by the test.” He said trying to ease the tension with a joke.
“No problem, do you mind if Dave joins us. We usually start prepping for the test around two weeks before so it could give us both some insight into some stuff we both don’t get.” I said, hoping he didn’t see the fact that I wanted Dave to come as a buffer. 
“That’s cool. See you tomorrow.” He said as he slid out of the booth and threw his dark backpack over one shoulder. 
I watched him walk away, my mind still on the fact that he tried to hold my hand. What did that mean? Were any of the answers good? I mean Melanie had just died, maybe he was just appreciative that I was there for him when no one else was. Hopefully, it had nothing to do with the fact that he needed to keep his mind off his pain and was focusing it on a relationship with me. I gulped that would not end well for our study sessions. 
“All done?” Jesse said bringing me my umpteenth Diet Coke. I nodded. I had been so wrapped up in what happened I didn’t even hear Jesse sneak up on me. 
“Yeah, I could really use a change of scenery.”
“I’ll take that as a challenge.” He said pulling me out of the booth. 
“Where are we going?” I asked worried that being at his house was becoming a little too regular for comfort. 
“When was the last time we went to the movies?”
“The movies?” I said stopping in my tracks.
“Yeah, it’s been months. We are missing all the wonderful action out there” He said expressively. I couldn’t help but laugh at him and his ridiculousness. “It’s also a great idea for a double date to cheer up the saddest member of our group.” I couldn’t help but smile at his thoughtfulness. Jesse had a heart of gold. 
“So let me get this straight. You planned a double date to the movies with Dave and Whit and you didn’t even tell me?” I asked.
“Surprise.” He said kissing my cheek and again pulling me towards the entryway of The Scoop. Apparently it was time to go.
“When did you plan all this?” I said pausing again. He rolled his eyes and pulled my arm to continuing walking. 
“Yesterday after you told me about everything with Caitlin. I thought you and Whitney could use a break from reality, before it gets too heavy.” He opened the front door and started toward my lime green Mazda. 
“You drive. I rode with the parentals today.” He said, that megawatt smile making my heart race faster than a horse in the Kentucky Derby. I nodded and unlocked my car. Glad to get on the road and just forget for a little while. 
Chapter 20
“Wait, no he tried to flip the car not throw it off the ledge. Duh!” Whitney said laughing as we recounted what had happened in the latest edition of the Fast and the Furious. I couldn’t help but roll my eyes. Jesse and Whitney were lightheartedly arguing about why someone would do that particular car trick and what it would accomplish. In real life, I didn’t think it would accomplish anything other than death. I didn’t add my two cents.  
I looked at Dave rolling his eyes, as he shoved a massive spoonful of frozen yogurt into his mouth. 
“I think it’s time to call it a truce.” Dave said ending the good natured bickering between Jesse and Whit.  
“It’s getting late and we have school tomorrow.” I continued, stretching out in the small aluminum stool in the back of the yogurt shop. Jesse threw an arm over my shoulders. 
“Whatever you say, mom.” He said sarcastically and kissed my cheek so I wouldn’t stay mad for very long. He knew me too well. 
We stood and left. Leaving the empty shop and heading towards our cars parked next to each other. Whit pulled me to the side before I got into the driver’s side of my car. 
“What’s up?” I said wondering what else we could do we had just spent six hours on a double date, which was excessive for anybody but us. 
“We should really plan that girls’ night.” I beamed at the thought. 
“How about next weekend instead of our ritual double date we can do something just us.”
“I’ll call you with the plans.” She said opening the passenger door of Dave’s Ford Escape. 
“It’s a date.” I said finally getting into my car. 
Jesse gave me a raised left eyebrow as I got into the car, “What was that about?” 
“Quality girl time.” I said cryptically. I knew he would want me to elaborate. Curiosity didn’t make it in our relationship. We were too damn curious to keep much away from me each other. That is exactly the way I liked it.
He gave me a smile, while hitching his eyebrow again in mock hurt. “You don’t want to be around me anymore, babe?” The smile never left his face. I knew he was just waiting for me to laugh, which I did. It is hard to look at someone as sexy as Jesse play hurt. 
“I promised her we could hang out just the two of us once this awful funeral business was over with. I want us to get closer, the way you and Dave are.” 
He gave me a sidelong look that spoke volumes about his relationship with Dave. Jesse and Dave had started out rocky at best. They didn’t start to get along until my life was in danger. There were tons of obstacles in their friendship and I’m glad they overcame them. It’s not often that friends make it through fighting over one girl, but they had been butting heads since Jesse was with Caitlin and Dave was just a ‘little’ too infatuated with her. 
Call it egotistical, but I liked to think I’m the reason they are such good friends now. Sure, I caused my own issues but that’s another story. 
~~~
I looked over at Dave, his eyes had glazed over an hour ago. I was starting to feel the same way. How long did it take to do a worksheet? Dave and I had finished, what seemed like an eternity ago and Evan was still hard at work. 
“I need to stretch.” Dave said getting up. “Want another round of drinks? Maybe some cheese fries?” I nodded and Dave headed towards the front counter of The Scoop. I looked across the booth at Evan.
“Do you have any questions, I can help you with?”  I tried for the millionth time. He stared at the practice test accusingly. His eyes were narrowed and he eventually paid attention to my words and looked at me. 
“You know this is hopeless.” 
“What is?” I asked not wanting to think about him having to finish the second page of the sheet.
“After everything we’ve gone over I still don’t get it.” He said slamming his hand on the table and shaking it.
“Calm down. We have two more weeks. We are going to figure this out. You are working yourself up and forgetting what I taught you.” I said trying to be sympathetic to how frustrated he must be. Hell, I was frustrated and I had finished. 
“I think you’re right.” He said dropping his pencil and closing his eyes. He took several calming breaths and his eyes flashed open to me. “I’m going to get back to work now.” He said picking up his pencil but his eyes never left mine.
“Okay.” I said breaking the staring contest and looking around for Dave or Jesse, or anyone so I didn’t have to be alone with Evan anymore. 
After the handholding incident, I wasn’t sure I was comfortable around him anymore. Especially when he stared at me. Why hadn’t I noticed that before? Did he always stare at me for that long? Was I being paranoid?
“Back. You know the service here can be a nightmare.” Dave said jokingly as Jesse walked by. I swatted his arm playfully. 
“Wow, you even got the fries with bacon. I’m impressed.” I said grabbing a forkful. 
“Only the best for my Physics group.” Dave joked and quieted down when Evan’s intense glare met him. 
Dave did the universal gesture for zipping his mouth shut and quietly ate. Evan seemed to be more productive and was writing ferociously fast for someone a few moments ago didn’t get it. I rested my head on Dave’s shoulder and waited for this nightmare to be over. I never wanted to spend my entire evening doing Physics again!
“Done.” Evan said a few moments later. I was sure I had dozed off and was dreaming of Disney characters mixing in with Physics equations. Yikes! 
“Well I guess that means we should all check our answers.” Dave said excitedly as he flipped open his textbook to the appropriate page. 
“Okay let’s just go over our own sheets and we can talk about what we didn’t understand after?” 
“Sounds good.” I responded. Dave read off all the answers and I looked over my sheet, I had four wrong out of fifteen not too shabby. 
“What do you got, Solis?” Dave asked leaning over and looking at my paper. “Damn, you way outscored me on this one.” I looked over at Evan. 
“This isn’t a competition. It’s a learning exercise.” I said as I slapped his hand away from my paper. 
Dave sighed and looked over at Evan. He flipped his paper around with a wide grin on his face. He had only gotten 6 wrong. Maybe what I was saying wasn’t going in one ear and out the other like I had thought. 
“What?” Dave said actually snatching the paper out of his hand.
“Man, Ren, you must be better then I give you credit for. Evan studies with you a couple of days and he already knows more than me. I need to get on the ball.” 
I beamed at Evan. I was proud of him.
“Well this was fun guys but can we work on corrections tomorrow I gotta go to work.” Evan said standing. 
“Can’t do tomorrow.” Dave said looking at me.
“Whitney’s sister’s first high school basketball game.” I nodded in understanding.
“I’ll meet you here same time tomorrow?” I said to Evan. 
He smiled and waved goodbye. “See you, Rena.” He grabbed his bag quickly and left.
“Soo...” I said waiting for Dave to tell me what he thought? I had blurted the whole hand holding incident to Dave and Jesse in second period in a desperate attempt to get Dave to come with me today. Jesse all but physically threatened a reluctant Dave into coming today and watching out for me. I didn’t disapprove his tactics. Dave had been here on time.
“ He didn’t seem flirtatious to me.” I sighed. That was a good sign. “But... He did look at you a little too often.” 
I groaned in response. “I didn’t lead him on. Come on I’m meeting him at the diner my boyfriend works at.” 
Dave shrugged, “It’s probably just a little crush because you were there for him when no one else was. He won’t act on it.” 
“I hope you’re right.” 
“Do you really doubt me? This is a guy matter and I’m a guy. I think I have a little more knowledge about it than you. Besides haven’t I always been perceptive?”
“When?” I countered sarcastically. 
“I told you Jesse liked you way before he told you.”
I rolled my eyes, “Touche. Is there anything I can say to make you come tomorrow?” 
He shook his head. “The game is after school and I promised Whitney ages ago I’d go.”
“Fine, you win.” I said throwing my wrinkled paper back into my Physics notebook and starting to clean up the mess spread out on the table of the booth. 
“If there is any problems, Jesse is here.” I nodded still not warming up to the idea of being alone with Evan. I don’t know why he made me so uncomfortable, but I’d never been one to ignore my instincts. 
“If you need me I can make it Wednesday.” Dave tried.
“I knew there was a reason I kept you around.” I said playfully.
Dave gave me a sidelong look, “And to think I thought you only kept me around to make you laugh.”
“That could be part of it.” I said trying to stop myself from laughing at his absurdity. Sometimes, I was sure I was in a bad comedy with Dave.
Chapter 21
“How did it go?” Jesse said sitting across from me at my empty booth. 
“No funny business. Dave said that he seems harmless. I believe Dave.” I said acting like I hadn’t tried to find some reason why Dave was wrong. Something just wasn’t fitting into place. What it was, I still hadn’t figured it out.
“You guys meeting again?”
“Tomorrow, me and Evan are.” I said waiting for Jesse’s response.
“Dave?”
“Basketball game with Whitney.”
“I’m not working tomorrow.” I groaned there goes my hopes of feeling somewhat protected. 
“I was hoping to spend some time with my girlfriend alone.” The word ‘alone’ never sounded as sexy as when Jesse had uttered them. He gave the word a caress and his ocean blue eyes locked with mine making sure I got his meaning perfectly. 
“You know you make it impossible to say no.” I said resting my hands on the table and Jesse put his over mine.
“So don’t say no.” He said leaning forward. 
“I have too.”
 He groaned and leaned back. “I don’t get you, Solis?” He said a smirk on his face. 
“You tell me and Dave this guy is hitting on you. Yet, you are still tutoring him.”
“I made a promise.” I countered weakly.
“You have more enticing proposals on the back burner.” He tried again. 
“The test is coming up. He’s made a ton of progress he did really well on the practice test.”
“Dave told me it took him almost an hour to do.”
“He started off slow but he did it and did better than Dave.” 
Jesse just shook his head not sure what he wanted to do with me. 
“Let’s get out of here.” He said standing. I stood and headed out to his car it was getting late. Krystal had been a bit paranoid with all the accidents and wanted me to get home as early as possible. She was starting to become a worry wort in her old age. 
I slid into his car where Jesse quickly turned on the heat to get rid of the bone chilling cold that settled into his car while he was working. 
“So how has Krystal and Simon been doing?” 
I rolled my eyes not even wanting to open that can of worms. It was like the Cold War at home. The only thing that passed between them were icy glares. 
“I’m not going to lie it’s been tough. I think Simon was planning on getting all his things and staying with Joe by tonight. I just hoped he didn’t have it out with Krystal before then. 
“Sounds rough. Do you want me to hang out for a bit?” I nodded in the affirmative not wanting to waste precious time away from Jesse. 
He pulled up to the front of my house. Krystal’s car was parked in the driveway, right beside mine and in front of Joe’s cruiser. I groaned knowing they were all inside and Krystal was probably ignoring Simon with every fiber of her being. 
I opened the door waiting for the fight to erupt but it was just eerily quiet. Krystal was nowhere to be found. Joe was sitting on the sofa, watching the news intently. 
“You know I hear you shouldn’t believe everything you see on the news.” I said breaking his concentration. 
“The lovebirds.” He joked as he moved over to make room for me. 
“How’s it going?” 
“Oh, it’s going.” He said giving me a wry look that meant it had started out rocky when he got here.
“Where’s Krystal?” I asked, hoping her location would be a tell to what happened before we arrived. 
“She’s in her room, upstairs.” Joe had fought the urge to roll his eyes like an errant teenager. He knew Krystal and Simon were both being childish about the situation. Joe just hadn’t come up with a way to get it to sink in that they needed each other.
“What happened when you got here?” I asked prepared for something similar to what I saw yesterday. 
“Am I in an interrogation, Solis?” Joe said quirking an eyebrow in challenge. 
I let out a deep exhale. I was coming on a bit too strong. Joe just smiled and I heard Jesse’s laugh behind me. 
“Harris, I’m starting to think you are a saint. How can you handle that level of questioning all the time?” Jesse couldn’t hold back the bark of laughter. 
“Hey,” I said standing and glaring at Jesse until he stopped laughing. Jesse wrapped an arm around my waist pulling me towards him as he kissed my forehead. I slapped his hand away. He just laughed again and dropped his hands.
Joe was laughing only harder the longer he watched us, “You are still a firecracker, Solis.”
I shook my head and headed up the stairs to check on my aunt. 
I knocked gently on the door, “Aunt Krys,” I started apprehensively. Even though most of her anger was directed at Simon. I knew I was treading on thin ice with her for going along with his plan. I wished she could understand how different I felt since going. I wasn’t regretting it. I was doing this mythical thing called moving on after I saw her. I had gotten the closure I didn’t even know I needed.
“Come in,” Came her hoarse reply.  I opened the door and walked into the dark room. I was guessing the lights were out because they matched her dark mood. I switched them on when I passed the switch. Krystal squinted at the visual assault.
“Krys, you can’t let him leave like this.” I tried, hoping she might be less hysterical than yesterday. 
“He can burn in hell for what he did to you.” She hissed back angrily. I guess she was still seeing red. 
I sat down beside her, taking her hand in mine, “Krys, I’m not broken. He made a mistake like we all do, but he is family. We strayed once. I’m not going to let that happen again. No matter what happened with Caitlin, he is still a part of our family. We can’t write him off for another year.” 
Krystal stared at me her green eyes were glassy, she was on the verge of another crying fit. “God, I hate it when I cry.” She said wiping at her eyes with the backs of her hands. I pulled in for a hug. 
“You know you are starting to get so smart.” She said looking up at me, a genuine smile breaking the sadness of her tear stained cheeks.
“He can’t stay here but for you I will try to be civil.”
“And?” I waited. 
“I will apologize. You know you are worse than your mother.” She laughed and stood up. “I’m going to clean my face off. Stall them.” She said before I left her room.
I walked down the stairs. Simon was there with his crutches looking helpless. My heart clenched. Just like during my childhood with Caitlin. I just couldn’t stay mad at him. He was hurt, way more damaged physically and emotionally than I could ever imagine. Joe was carrying his bags to the door and Jesse was holding it open. 
My throat tensed, “ Simon, I’m sorry.” I said instead of asking him to wait for Krystal. 
“I wish it wasn’t like this. I wish you would stay here. No matter how you think my parents, Krystal, or I feel about you. We will always love you.” Simon hadn’t said anything, he just looked at me. A vein in his forehead working double time. I raced the remaining stairs and crushed Simon into a hug that would have had Jesse laughing at my small fierceness, but hurt Simon. He winced in his injured state. 
“You know I’m not doing this because of you, Rena. I wanted to help.” He looked down, “I can see how my techniques could have be misconstrued. I’m sorry. Come visit me soon.” I nodded a fresh blur of tears in my eyes. 
“Simon.” I heard the iciness in her tone. Her eyes told another story. She looked remorseful. “Can we talk for a bit?” 
He looked at her and seemed to notice the shift in her as well. He nodded and hobbled after her back into his room.
Joe, Jesse, and I looked at the door shut behind them. 
“So,” I said trying to fill the silence with anything but eavesdropping on Krystal and Simon. 
“They have been in there a while.” Jesse said stating the obvious. I knew he was uncomfortable with the silence, too. 
I stood, too anxious to sit any longer. Wild thoughts were swirling in my head. What were they talking about for so long? Had she strangled him in blind rage? I shook my head trying to shake the frazzled thoughts out of my head. 
“Anyone want a drink?” I asked heading for the kitchen. Jesse followed. 
“Are you going crazy waiting?” He said giving me a lopsided grin. 
“I’ve been crazy the last half hour, I should be institutionalized.” His gaze hardened. “Too soon for jokes?” I said taking in his acerbic expression. 
I handed him a can of soda at the same time the door opened. Krystal helped Simon get his standing and they were smiling. 
I heaved a sigh of relief and my shoulders sagged. Jesse threw his hands on my shoulders. “It’s good.” He said, a smile breaking through after my momentary lapse in humor.
Chapter 22
“When are we going to have some time for each other again?” Jesse said, his hand in mine as we walked to his car. I opened his door, contemplating a response. When would I be released from the dark depths of AP Physics? 
A loud honk from behind me made me jump and yelp like a Chihuahua. I turned to see a dark gray Jeep Wrangler idling behind me. Evan stuck an arm out of the driver’s side window and waved a wide smile on his face. I waved, thinking some not so nice words I wanted to say to him later today. 
“Geez, are we sure about that guy?” Jesse said finally sliding into the driver side of his car. I followed suit. 
“He’s harmless.” I repeated for what seemed like the hundredth time.
“He just scared the shit out of you.” I shrugged. 
“He thought it was funny.” 
Jesse shook his head, “Solis, you will always be a mystery to me. Dave better keep his word about tomorrow.” Jesse said finally starting the engine and peeled out of the school parking lot. 
In record time, we made it to The Scoop. Jesse was supposed to be off and I was going to make it quick but Haley had called out again. I think his parents were getting tired of her, they were just too nice to actually fire her.
 I had considered multiple times working here for several reasons. I was usually already here, I’d get to be around Jesse, and I’d be getting paid for it. Then I thought about all the cons. I wouldn’t have time to study for Physics, I wouldn’t have time to study for Chem, basically I wouldn’t have time to study all the nightmares that were AP courses. 
He grabbed two diet cokes and sat with me. His shift didn’t start for another two hours. He hated closing. I hated him closing, but it happened. 
“Did you call Krystal to see if she will pick you up later?” 
“Damn.” I totally forgot with everything that was going on yesterday. Simon and Krystal had resolved their issues, but she couldn’t convince him to stay. He was staying at Joe’s as of yesterday. 
“I’ll drive you home, it’s the least I could do.” Evan said again startling me closer to a heart attack. 
“God, Evan, you are going to put me in an early grave.” I replied my hand on my chest from the recent startle.
He just smiled as he slid into the booth across from me. “You’re still living. I’ll take it as you’re okay.” He was in an exceptionally good mood. 
“Still proud about that practice test?” I asked knowing he had been wearing that lopsided grin since he found out he scored higher than Dave. 
He nodded. “I’ve made it my new mission to one up Dave’s next test score.”
I couldn’t help but laugh, “Those are big words for someone that is supposed to be struggling.” I joked. Jesse looked at me for a moment. 
“Maybe you have it all wrong, Solis, apparently you are gifted teacher.” I shoved him. I was so not in the mood for another college conversation. It was a touchy topic for me since Jesse had gotten into Columbia and I still hadn’t heard a word from them. It was starting to feel like bad news.  
“Want a drink, Evan?” Jesse asked always the courteous waiter whether he was on the clock or not.
“Thanks, I can go order it. You aren’t working?” He said raising an eyebrow in question. 
“I will soon. Sit. Get to work. I don’t want to distract you.” Jess said standing and walking behind the counter. I watched him for a bit but Evan’s voice brought me back to reality. 
“It’s real between you two?” He said looking down, something was on his mind. 
“I thought we established this.” I said a bit too quickly. I winced at my words it sounded a little harsh even to my ears. “Sorry, I didn’t mean it like that.” 
“I get it. Do you think you would be different if you weren’t with him?” I couldn’t help the narrowing of my eyes. It was such a weird question. 
“Jesse is the reason, I’m not a shadow. He helped me find myself. I didn’t even know I was lost until he opened my eyes to all the lies that were surrounding me.” It sounded dramatic but it was true. Without Jesse, I would have never pursued the crimes that led to Caitlin, Josh, and Randy. I could have still been blindly following her. I could have still been trying to figure out why my feelings for Dave weren’t as strong as they were supposed to be. Hell, I could still be in a relationship with Dave while he saw Caitlin behind my back. Not only was I thankful that Jesse loved me, I was thankful that he had been the friend I needed. 
Evan leaned back in his seat his jaw tense as he tried not to say something that was on his mind. 
“You are stronger then you give yourself credit for, Rena.” 
I smiled, “Thanks. How about we get you to stick to that big promise you just made.” 
That carefree smile came back to Evan’s face. “I’m ready.”
“I hope you don’t chicken out and you tell him tomorrow.” I said finally opening my textbook and getting to work. It was crunch time. That test was quickly approaching and I had to keep focused. 
An hour and a practice test later, Evan’s attention was wandering. “You know I really don’t get how we had never met until this year.”
I shrugged, what was the difference? 
“You ready to go?” Evan asked.
I nodded, “Thanks again for taking me home, Evan. You really didn’t have to.” 
It was his turn to shrug and not look embarrassed. Jesse must have noticed us wrapping up and gave me a quick peck and hug before we left. 
I followed Evan to his car. I hadn’t noticed how massive his Jeep was until now. The tires were large, like the ones used for off-roading. Where he was off-roading around here was beyond me. He had a massive metal grill that covered the front of his car. 
“What is that?” I asked pointing to the bars. 
“A rhinoguard.” He said with that smile only guys got when talking about their cars, it was almost reverent and worshipping. “It’s chrome plated and everything.” He continued proudly as he disarmed the alarm and pulled open his door. I followed suit and climbed into his passenger side. Climbed being the important word. It was so far off the ground. I felt like a toddler on the jungle gym trying to get inside. 
I heard his soft chuckle as I finally made it inside. “If I’d known you needed a boost, I would have helped you out.” He said still laughing at me. 
I gave him a scathing look and he started the engine with a low rumble. 
“Sometimes you need to lighten up, Solis. Not everyone is making fun of you for being a shrimp.” I sat back my mouth open in shock.
“I’m not insecure about my height.” He looked over at me quickly and just started laughing again. 
“You don’t do tough.” He retorted. 
I quietly gave him directions to my house. In a matter of minutes he was pulling up out front. 
“Thanks, Evan. I really owe you one.”  I said with a smile. I opened the door and I felt his hand on my knee. I turned to see Evan coming towards me lips pressed together for a kiss. 
“Evan.” I said maneuvering out of kissing range. “I love Jesse. Nothing is going to change that. I like you and I want to be friends, but you have to respect my relationship.” Evan looked away almost immediately. He rested his head on the steering wheel. 
“I’m sorry, Rena. I just haven’t felt this way about anyone since...” He stopped talking. I put a hand on his shoulder for comfort. 
“I get it. You will move on. The pain won’t last forever.” He lifted his head and looked at me. The way he looked at me, I started to mentally prepare for him to try and kiss me again but it never came.
“Thanks. Are we still meeting tomorrow with Dave? I’ll understand if you don’t.” 
“We’ll be there.” I said and slid out of the passenger seat and skydived to the pavement. I slammed the door shut and watched him leave. I had an uneasy feeling begging for my attention. I walked into my house. The door was unlocked since Krystal was home. I walked in and had a strange feeling of deja vu. Joe was sitting on my sofa channel surfing, a bored expression on his face. One I wasn’t accustomed to. When I was with Joe there were only a small range of emotions I noticed, irritation, anger, exhaustion, pride, are just a few that come to mind. I knew he was here for Simon. Joe didn’t have much free time and it looked like he was spending it all with Simon. 
“Back again?” I said with a knowing smile. 
“For someone who felt like he should leave he really finds every excuse to come back.” Joe snidely remarked. I plopped down beside him. 
“What is it this time?”
“He wanted to tell you about the case?” I couldn’t help the smile that crept back on my face. 
“Don’t blame it all on Simon. You want to tell me too.” I said kicking up my feet on the coffee table in front of me. 
“Wrong, you, Rena Solis, are the last person I want knowing privileged case information. You seem to have this way of getting right in the middle of things.” He said, raising an eyebrow waiting for me to challenge the statement. I didn’t, it was true. I always seemed to find myself in trouble in the middle of his investigations. I knew that and he knew that only too well.
“Rena, you are home.” Simon said hobbling out with Krystal not far behind him.  “Did Joe tell you?” 
I shook my head. 
“They found conclusive evidence that there was a third car at the car accident. There was some paint on the right side of the car that didn’t match my car.”
“It wasn’t paint it was like chipped metal or something.” Joe corrected. “We are testing it to see exactly what it is. Right now we think it is one of the front covers that people put on the front of their cars to prevent damage.”
I gulped, “Like a Rhinoguard?” Where had that thought come from? I had given up on investigating; why was I still trying to put pieces together?
“Yeah, exactly like that.” Joe said giving me a suspicious look I knew well. “Give it up, Solis!”
I was insulted, “I’m not investigating. I swore I was done.” 
Joe stared me down for a few more moments, the suspicion never left his eyes. “That better be the truth.”
I nodded and didn’t say another word as Joe helped Simon around the coffee table. 
Krystal stared at me blatantly once they left. “Are you doing it again?” 
“Aunt Krys. I gave up the amateur detective thing, honest.”
She sighed, and looked away. “I believe you.” I smiled relieved. 
“Good, it’s the truth.” Why I was still thinking about Evan’s rhinoguard was not even going to be mentioned. There was no way he would do that, right? I thought over the case. I knew I was getting wrapped into it. The breakup with Melanie. Her leaving with another man. He was drunk that night I wasn’t sure what he was capable of under the influence. He seemed so repentant at the funeral. He couldn’t have tried that but maybe that was why he was so repentant. My thoughts weighed back and forth and the next thing I knew my phone was ringing.
Chapter 23
“Jen?” I said reading the caller ID. 
“Oh thank God. I thought you might have been...” She didn’t finish the sentence all that came through was a choked out sob. 
“Jen? What’s wrong?” I asked sitting up in my bed. I could feel the blow that was coming. Something bad had happened. 
“It’s...It’s Jesse.” She struggled with her emotions some more. It didn’t matter I was already standing and getting dressed. It didn’t matter what she said if she was this hysterical and it involved Jesse I needed to be moving. “There was a car accident when he was leaving work.” 
My world seemed to stop. Jesse was in a car accident? I fell down onto my bed. My mind waring between hysterical grief and bloodcurdling rage. I was sure I could kill whoever did this to him. Wait, the last bit of rational thought screamed. How do we know it wasn’t just an accident?
I tried to pay attention to Jen’s choked out words again. “He’s at Memorial Hospital. I’m on my way I think my parents are already there.”
“I’m on my way, Jen. Thank you for calling me.” 
I heard a sad smile in her voice, “I knew you would want to know.” I threw my phone onto the bed and quickly tied my sneakers up. I ran down the stairs into a groggy Aunt Krystal. 
“Where do you think you are going?” She said trying to sound stern and disappointed. 
“Jesse was in an accident.” Her eyes snapped to attention and she was racing to her room for a change of clothes, which seemed like the longest few moments of my life. 
“I’m driving.” She said shooting out the door and opening her driver’s side door and sliding in. I followed suit.
I stand corrected. The drive to the hospital was more intolerable than waiting for Krystal to find something to wear. The entire drive I berated myself for not asking Jen about Jesse’s condition. Was he awake? Was it bad? Was he....no I wouldn’t let myself think that way. Krystal rushed to the front desk with me not too far behind. A colleague of hers was working and let us in despite the rules. I heaved a sigh of relief when I walked in and Jesse was awake. I ran straight to him and squeezed him as tight as I could.
“Ren, babe. My arm.” He said through clenched teeth. I let go of him and looked at him. There was a massive bruise on his forehead that stretched past his left eye. His right arm was in a sling and a cast was already in place. 
“My ribs are sore but other than the bump and the arm, I’m lucky.” He said with a smile that looked more like a grimace. I sat on the bed closer to his arms. I took my first look around the room. Linda and Tom were there. Linda looked like she had been crying for a long time. Tom was tight lipped, worry was marring his forehead. 
I stood, thinking it was inappropriate but Jesse’s hand reached out and pulled me back to where I was. I couldn’t help the rush of tears burning my eyes. Damn, why did I have to cry? 
“Don’t cry.” He said with that sweet, soothing voice he only used when I cried. 
“How can you say that? Look at you.” I choked out. He was in a hospital bed, all I could think of doing was crying.
His jaw was set tight. How he didn’t grind his teeth to dust with that move was mystifying. 
“I need you to look at me, Ren.” I did in spite of my free flowing tears. “It wasn’t an accident.” I felt my own jaw clamp tight. I was going to take down whoever did this to him. The tears dried at the thoughts of gruesomeness I was planning to inflict. 
I heard Linda’s sobs in the background. Guilt nagged at my consciousness. Before me, Jesse would have never been in trouble like this. Why didn’t she hate my guts?
“Rena, look at me. I need to tell you this before the police get here. Focus.” I turned back to Jesse. I focused all my attention on his beautiful blue eyes that had been tainted with that nasty bruise. 
“There was another car that rear-ended me into the barrier.” I tried to keep my tears at bay. “I couldn’t see what the car looked like they had their high beams on. It had to be an SUV, though, the lights were too high. They were shining in my mirrors.” 
“I know who did this.” I said that seething anger returning with a vengeance. 
“Who?” Jesse asked. 
“The only person that didn’t want you in the way anymore.” 
Jesse’s hand clamped down on mine. A storm was brewing in his eyes. He wanted to ring his neck as bad as I did.
“Did he try something?” Jesse asked through gritted teeth. He looked like he was in a lot of pain. I ran a hand through his hair, trying to ease his mind.
He was starting to sweat and I knew this was too much for him too soon. 
“Jesse, are you in pain?” I asked staring at his white knuckled grip on the bed frame. 
“Terrible.” Jesse replied.
Krystal ran out to get a nurse. Jesse pulled me towards him. 
“You have until tomorrow.” I looked at him confused. 
“What...”
“I haven’t taken my pain meds yet when I do I’m sure I’ll be knocked out for a while. They can’t question me and you will have plenty of time to Take. Him. Down.” I nodded, understanding finally hitting me. He wanted me to break the pact and kick Evan’s ass, but how was I going to do that without my backup?
 Krystal’s nurse friend from the front desk walked in. She had a syringe in her hand and placed it into the IV line. Jesse’s face relaxed a bit. I leaned back to where I had been sitting and took hold of his good hand. 
“I promise. I will make this right.” I said softly. I kissed his hand and watched him hover in oblivion. He found medically induced sleep quickly. Even with everything he had told me. He looked so at peace. I had only seen him look that peaceful a few times before. This time was different and I fought back the fresh tears. Tears weren’t going to solve my problems, I was.  I watched him sleep until Jen rushed in hysterical. Linda and Tom quickly went to ease her concern. Krystal pulled me to the side. 
“What was that about?” She asked, her disappointed adult face coming back. 
“What are you talking about?” I tried ignorance. It didn’t work. She continued to stare at me dubiously. “I... He... Thinks it wasn’t an accident.” 
“I gathered that. Do you know who would want to do something like this to Jesse?” She said a severe look coming my way.
“I don’t know.” I said meeting her green eyes. Krystal would know if I was lying if I did anything but look at her. 
~~~
I pulled Dave to his car before he walked a few feet away. 
“We have a mission?” 
“Excuse me? Who are you trying to be?” Dave said a mocking grin on his face. I rolled my eyes and resisted the urge to punch him. I was working on no sleep and had devised this plan in an uncomfortable hospital chair. 
“Dave, I need your help.” He narrowed his eyes at me like he knew this would lead to trouble. 
I gave him my most pitiful expression. 
He blew out a long breath. “What’s wrong?” 
“Jesse was in an accident.” I said and tears came to my eyes, just thinking about how Jesse looked in that hospital bed. 
 “Is he okay? Were you with him? What happened? When did it happened?” Dave asked a barrage of question continued out of his mouth. He grabbed my shoulders and shook me a little.
“He... He.” I took a steadying breath. Dave pulled me in for a hug. “It was a car accident. He was pretty banged up when I saw him last night, but he’s okay. He knows what happened and I’m starting to piece it together too.” 
He looked at me. “You have a plan. It is so breaking your promise.” He finished for me.
“He asked me too.” 
Dave sighs. “Are we going to school?” 
I shook my head, “We can’t we have to do this while he is in school.” 
“Who?” He asked.
“Let me get there.” I said opening the passenger side door of Dave’s car. 
He opened his door and climbed in. 
“Where to?”
“Just drive around I have a lot to say.”
He started the engine, “Shoot.” 
I rolled my eyes. I started from the end and worked my way backwards. “Jesse said it wasn’t an accident he thinks someone intentionally ran him off the road. He thinks it was an SUV because he was blinded by the high beams. Before his accident, Joe and Simon came over and told me that they had proof that there was a third car involved in Simon’s accident. They found metal chippings which reminded me of Evan’s car. He has this metal piece on the front of the car. He had driven me home yesterday and I finally found out what his car looked like. He has dark grey Jeep Wrangler with the Rhinoguard and massive tires. When he drove me home yesterday he tried to kiss me even though I told him I was serious with Jesse and wasn’t interested in anyone else.” 
I noticed Dave’s grip tighten on the steering wheel but he didn’t say anything. 
“Before that I was suspicious of Evan because of his limp the day after Dana’s accident. She suspected that he was involved in Melanie’s death and I think she was right. I checked if she had woken up yet last night and she hasn’t. She’s still in a coma. He had a distinct limp and what other reason is there for him to be injured? Then there is Melanie’s death for an ex-girlfriend, he didn’t seem that torn up about it.”
“He looked like hell.” Dave countered.
“He cried for a millisecond.” I retorted. 
“Then explain how he looked at school, at the funeral.” Dave persisted. 
“I’m not sure, it’s not all solved in my head, but it’s him. Dave, who else would attack Jesse?”
Dave gripped tighter on the steering wheel. “Damn, what’s the plan?” 
I looked at him relieved, a smile tugged at my face. “I’m so happy, you’re helping. I couldn’t do this without you.” 
Dave laughed, “If Jesse can’t do it. Dave, is good enough.”
I shoved him, “You know I never think that.” 
He smiled, “I know. What are we doing, Solis?”
“First we need to find his house. Do you think he fixes his car at the shop or at home?”
“Fixes his car?” 
“After the accidents.” I retorted stating the obvious. “He has to fix them somewhere and I can guarantee he is the one doing it. He works at an auto shop, he knows his way around a car.” 
“Man, you’ve thought this through.” 
“I only had all night to get it in order.” I retorted sourly.
Chapter 24 
“So how do we find out where he lives?” Dave asked after we drove around his house for the fiftieth time.
“I thought you would know.” I said looking back at Dave. He cut the corner tight and made a U-turn back towards his house. “What are you doing?” I squeaked out. 
“I have a soccer team book with all the addresses for the team cookouts.” 
“That might help.” I said biting back a hysterical laugh. Was it really going to be that easy to find him?
He parked in front of his house and I followed him in. His parents’ cars were already gone and it was quiet when we walked in. I followed him into the kitchen. I nervously swayed from one foot to the other. I was ready for this to be over. I had a gnawing feeling that even though I was prepared to have my life threatened again this was going to play differently. I still wasn’t sure if it was because Jesse wasn’t going to be able to help or that this may play out to be my last detective stint. I didn’t want to see that big magnifying glass in the sky I knew I couldn’t let that happen.
“Stop pacing.” David snapped as he read through a cheaply made paper book. I hadn’t even realized I had been pacing. “Got it.” He said looking back at me. “Are still sure you want to do this?
“We have to get proof.” I said without another thought. There was no choice to be made. I was praying his car would be locked up in a garage waiting to be repaired while he was at school. We would take pictures and sneak out. I knew it wouldn’t be as good as his confession, but I didn’t have my regular backup I was leery. 
“So what do you think we will find?” Dave asked as he scratched down all the information from the soccer contact book onto a post-it. 
“Hopefully, his car crashed up and alone. We take pictures and leave.”
“What if there isn’t anything wrong with his car?” I gulped, that was always a possibility. I shook the doubt away.
“I know it’s him. I’ve spent enough time with him to notice all the odd stuff about him.” Dave didn’t look convinced. He had known him longer.
“What if the car isn’t there? What if he’s there? What if--” 
“David!” I said covering my ears. I couldn’t take the barrage of questions. It was too much. It was too logical. It was too Jesse. “I don’t have another plan. Jesse is the one that makes the plans, I’m the one that thinks on my feet.” 
He looked at me, a touch of sympathy on his face. “As long as you promise I won’t die. I’ll do whatever you need me to, Ren.” Dave said as he threw an arm over my shoulders pulling me towards him. He kissed the top of my head. “Take it easy.” I nodded feeling that familiar sting of tears start. 
I exhaled deeply. I didn’t have time for any more tears. There were things that needed to be done and I was the only one that could do them.  
“Let’s go.” I said and lead the way back to Dave’s car. My car was too ostentatious for this mission. It was the only negative I had found about my car. Everything else I loved. When I had picked out the lime green color, it never even crossed my mind that I would stick out like a sore thumb. 
He locked the door behind us and we went back to his hand-me-down Ford Escape. I jumped into the familiar car, feeling a moment’s relief as I looked around and remembered all the random things about Dave’s car. 
The red splotch on the armrest from Dave’s older sister spilling Mountain Dew- Code red while she was driving. The stuff was like acid and they never seemed to get out the stain. The ripped fabric in the corner of the truck’s ceiling that only stayed with Dave’s visor. 
“You nervous?” Dave asked. I looked at Dave incredulously. Nervous didn’t even begin to cover how I was feeling. Nauseous was more like it. “I know Jess told you to do this but he could have been caught up in the moment. Maybe with some rest he will be thinking more clearly.
 I shook my head. “Jesse wants this. I have to end this.”
“The only way to end it is with a Solis?” He said rolling his eyes. “I know you’ve heard of the police before.”
“Dave, don’t start this again.” 
He sighed exasperated, “I told you I would help. I didn’t say I wouldn’t bitch and moan about it.”
I resisted the urge to punch him. He was driving after all. Dave stopped the car and wedged it into a spot I doubted I could get my minicar into. He looked across the street a light yellow colonial built house. It wasn’t large and it looked like it had seen better days. 
“That’s the one.” He said reading the numbers on his post-it again just to be sure. There were no cars in the driveway.  Maybe everyone had left already. Dave opened his door. 
I pulled his arm so he wouldn’t get out. He closed his door again.
“We should watch for a bit to make sure no one is home.” He nodded and didn’t say another word. 
I wasn’t sure how long we stared at the house. There was some movement. Someone was home but they were moving quickly. They seemed to be grabbing things then they disappeared. Dave and I watched intently for any movement that we almost missed the garage opening. 
“Out.” I whispered at Dave. We rushed out the door and bolted across the street towards the garage. We covered ourselves with the wild assortment of overgrown bushes and finally hid at the side of the house. The older woman, who must have been Evan’s mom, never even looked twice to notice us. Her old black sedan pulled out and quickly raced down the driveway into the street. When she was nearly down the street the garage door began to close.  
Dave and I slid in without hesitation. This was working out better than I could have planned. The garage finally closed and we looked around. It was a typical garage. Tools, bicycles, random totes, and a grey Jeep Wrangler begging for further inspection. 
I grabbed Dave’s arm and pulled him towards the front of the car. 
“Ren, Dave?” Said a voice behind me. I flinched at the sound of Evan’s confused voice. What was he doing home? Why wasn’t he at school?
“Evan.” I said a sad smile coming to my face. “I hope you don’t mind your mom let us in. We ran into her as she was leaving.” I pinched my thigh and felt the tears well up in my eyes. 
“What’s wrong?” Evan said noticing my tears. He walked towards me and pulled me in for a hug. 
I choked out a sob. Dave looked at me confused. He mouthed ‘what are you doing’ behind Evan’s back. 
“It’s so terrible, Evan.” I choked out. “There was another accident. It...and...and Jesse was killed.” Fresh tears came to my eyes at just the thought of Jesse being taken away from me. I didn’t need to pretend when I had that image.  Dave’s eyes widened but he didn’t say anything. 
“Oh my god, Rena. How are you doing?” Evan said letting go of me after the world’s longest hug. He pushed the hair out of my face and brushed a callused thumb across my cheek to wipe away the tears. “I’m here for you, I know it’s hard.”
“She was asking for you. I didn’t know where you were since you weren’t at school.” Dave said feeling out my story. “She’s been out of it since it happened.” I saw him blink away tears. Did the thought of Jesse’s death hurt him too? Nope, I noticed as he pinched his wrist.
I nodded in agreement, “I needed to see you. Jesse’s.... Jesse’s death... Has made me realize I need to cherish everything I have.... Because one day it ...it...it might be taken away.” I hoped he didn’t notice that my stutters were me trying to think on my toes and he just associated it with my incoherent sobbing. 
“Are you saying what I think you’re saying?” Evan said a ghost of a smile coming to his face. He didn’t seem all that torn up over Jesse’s death. He moved closer to me again until our faces were only inches apart. 
“Can I use your bathroom?” Dave said interrupting the inappropriate moment Evan was trying to make. 
“Sure” Evan said without even turning around he just kept watching me, hungrily. “It’s on the right past the family room.” 
“Thanks.” Dave said and opened the door separating the house and garage. ‘I’ll look around’ Dave mouthed to me before he left. 
Evan doesn’t say a word until Dave slammed the door. 
“I know you are hurting. I know exactly how you feel. When Melanie passed. It was unbearable, but I had someone that made it less unbearable.” He said taking my hand and walking me towards a small work bench. He sat down and guided me to sit beside him. I obliged. “Rena, you are the only reason I’m okay. I don’t know where I would be if you hadn’t helped me. I will be here for you. I may not be the type of guy you are interested in but I’m going to stay by your side.” I gulped. 
Where did all this come from? How could his feelings be so strong for me in such a short time?
“Say something.” He said lifting my chin to meet his dark eyes. 
“Evan, I ...I can’t process what you are saying to me. I just lost the love of my life.” I kept looking everywhere except at him, but I knew he was upset. I noticed his jaw tighten with my words.
“Then why are you here?” He growled.
“I feel safe with you.” I tried. It seemed to work. His shoulders sagged. He pulled me to him for another hug.
“Nothing will ever hurt you, again.” I laughed sadly. Will that be true when he finds out what I’m really here for?
 
Chapter 25
Dave finally got his ass out of the house to help me. 
“Dude, what happened to your car?” Dave said, attempting nonchalance and failing. I resisted the urge to groan at his lousy acting skills. 
Evan stiffened at the mention of his car. I jumped out of my seat to curiously see what Dave was talking about. I walked around the car and noticed the chipped paint on his front guard. The one that looked brand spanking new yesterday when he drove me home. It was slightly dented and the chrome plating that Evan had described yesterday was noticeably bare in spots. 
“Oh my god, were you in an accident too?” I almost cried. I touched Evan’s arm and he still seemed tense. “Are you okay?” I asked waiting for him to respond. 
“What are you really doing here?” He said through clenched teeth. 
“I told you. I wanted to be around my closest friends...I thought you understood that?”  I said trying to bring new tears to my eyes.
“Jesse’s not dead.” Evan said matter-of-factly. I couldn’t help the shock that came to my face. Maybe I wasn’t as good of an actress as I thought. 
“What? But...” I tried backpedaling but there was nowhere left to go. I looked at Dave, who seemed just as surprised. 
“How would you know? I saw him!” I said tears rushing down my face. I choked back a sob. This wasn’t real. Jesse is really alive stop acting like a baby and focus. The thought quickly made my tears dwindle. 
“Rena, you are the last person I expect to play dumb. You told me about Caitlin and what she did. I know exactly what you are capable of.”
I gulped. What had possessed me to tell him about that? 
“I don’t know what you are talking about. Evan you are upsetting me. I thought we were...” I looked at Dave embarrassed. Dave was walking backwards towards the garage door opener. 
“Stop moving, Dave.” Evan growled. I froze. Evan hadn’t even turned but he knew. He had to know what this was really about. “It was on the news this morning, Rena. Jesse is at Memorial Hospital with minimal injures.” He raised a brow waiting for me to protest. 
My hands were shaking so badly I had to make fists to stop thinking about how screwed we were. How did I keep getting into these situations?
“You’re right, Evan.” 
Dave looked at me like I had gone crazy. He had started to inch forward towards Evan. I think he was planning an attack if the wrench in his hand was any indication. 
“I’m not here because of anything to do with us. I’m here because you tried to kill Jesse. I’m here because you tried to kill Dana. I’m here because you did kill Melanie and Keegan.” I tried to sound firm and angry. Hell, I was angry. He tried to kill my boyfriend.
He just smiled. The trademark look of a madman. I was getting accustomed to it. Murderers either got angry enough to kill you or smiled proudly that someone actually got to appreciate their genius, like they could. 
“Every time I think you can’t surprise me anymore you do. Rena,” He said coming close to me again. This time I didn’t have to pretend and I let my disgust show. “Don’t pretend like we are not so alike. We are identical. You are just like me.” He said still too close for comfort.
I shook my head and pushed him away from me. “You’re wrong!” I shouted. “I’m nothing like you. You... You maniac!” 
He grabbed my shoulders. This was the point that I completely freaked out. The killer had me in their slimy paws and I was defenseless.
I pried my eyes open and searched for Dave, he continued to creep behind Evan and I heard the loud clunk as the wrench met the back of Evan’s head. His body dropped to the ground pulling me with him. I cried as his arms yanked at me. I pulled his arms away from him and shakily got back on my feet. 
“Do we still need a confession?” Dave asked as he ran back to the car. He was still thinking logically. I watched him snap several pictures of the front of the car. He then called someone.
I never moved I just stood over Evan’s body. I don’t know why I just couldn’t force myself to go anywhere. He was supposed to be my friend. He wasn’t supposed to kill these people. He wasn’t supposed to try to kill Jesse. 
“Yeah, I have the other person that was involved in the Harris, Glass, and Cooper case.” Dave said into the phone. He had smartly called the police. “His name is Evan Blackwell. He is at his address, unconscious.” Dave’s eyes locked with mine. “David Reed...um...yeah. She wasn’t....” Damn it, Joe had got wind of what I had done. The ice seemed to melt away from my bones when I thought about the earful I was about to get. 
I felt something touch my leg and looked down to see Evan pulling me to the ground. My scream was short lived as I hit my head on the concrete floor. 
Everything went black. 
~~~
I opened my eyes, my neck and head were throbbing. It was all I could focus on until I heard the groans. I got to my feet too quickly and was dizzy. I rested a hand on Evan’s Jeep, while I gathered my surroundings. I looked around trying to focus on where the noises were coming from. 
I shifted to my left. Dave and Evan were wrestling. A wrench was just out of Dave’s reach. They were both bleeding. There was blood everywhere, actually. I started to get closer but I didn’t trust myself to do anything useful. I walked back looking for another tool I could use as a weapon. 
I lifted a hammer and ran to help Dave but I came up short. He was unconscious and alone. Where had Evan gone? I slowly turned around knowing I was next. Knowing he’d more than likely be right behind me. I had watched enough scary movies to expect that. I blindly swung the hammer and connected with Evan. I turned around just in time to see that I had hit him hard in the shoulder. He looked crazed, blood was gushing from his nose that had to be broken. Blood covered the front of his shirt and his hands. 
He yelled and ran towards me grabbing my ponytail. He pulled me towards him. I saw spots from how hard he was pulling my hair.
“Now why would you do something like that?” He said his mouth close to my ear. I felt blood trickle onto my shoulder and I fought the urge to keep from crying out in pain. He hadn’t loosened his grasp on my hair yet. He pulled the hammer out of my hands. 
“Give me that.” He said throwing it on the floor of the garage, far enough away that I couldn’t reach it. I blindly kicked behind me. I must have hit the family jewels because he let go of me and yelped. He doubled over and I ran to the garage door leading to the house. I needed to get out of here and look for help. The police should be here and as long as I’m not in his grasp I will be okay. I will be okay. I twisted the knob and got yanked back. I couldn’t help the hysterical scream that ripped from my throat. 
He pushed me back onto that small work bench. 
“Shut up.” He said as he held my hands with one hand and grabbed a roll of duct tape. 
“You can’t escape. Dave already called the police.”
“They have to get here in time.”
“In time for what?” I said eager to see where my life fit into the perfect plan in his head. 
“I always knew I needed a quick escape if someone figured it out. Honestly,” He stopped talking to wrap the duct tape around my wrists followed by my ankles. “I’m happy you figured it out. I was torn about leaving you and now I get to bring you with me.” He said a wide grin on his face, I used to associate with his teasing, but he was serious. I knew it like I knew my name. Wherever, Evan was going, he was planning to take me there too. 
“Why would you take me? I will spend every minute trying to escape.” I angrily retorted. He just smiled. 
“You will be mad at first but I know you care about me. You just need to be reminded about how much.” Evan replied, losing the tinge of anger and it was replaced with something else. Something I really didn’t want to identify.
I scoffed, “I would never forgive you for kidnapping me and taking me away from everyone I love.” He brushed that calloused thumb across my cheek again.
“You just don’t know it yet, but you love me.” I didn’t stop the bitter laugh from coming out. 
“Evan, in case you haven’t noticed I’m accusing you of murder. Who could possibly love a murderer?” That did it. His dark eyes hardened. 
“You will.” He said suppressing whatever urge he was having. His eyes softened as he looked me over. 
“You looked past everyone’s mistrust. You saw that I just wanted to talk. Why can’t you look past this? You know the real me.” He said taking my taped up wrists into his hands. “I was thinking Canada. It’s more logical since we are on a time crunch.” Evan leaned forward and grabbed what appeared to be his car keys. 
I was speechless. No one had ever wanted to kidnap me to escape. 
“Better yet? Did you or Dave drive.”
“Dave.” I meekly replied. 
He walked around his car and jumped over Dave’s unconscious body. He slapped his pant legs until he heard the keys and pulled them out of his back pocket. 
“You think I can pass for Dave?” He said opening his wallet and looking at his license. I looked at him incredulously. Where Dave was light, Evan was dark. Dave had sandy brown hair with hazel eyes that had the faintest of browns in them. He was also two or three inches shorter than Evan and had much wider shoulders. 
“Doubtful. Your complexion, eyes, hair are all wrong. You’re too tall.”
Evan smiled, “That was very helpful.” He looked through Dave’s wallet for cash and threw the empty wallet on Dave’s unmoving body. 
I fought to keep my warring emotions in check. Dave was still alive and he would come to soon. The police would be here any second. I just needed to stall. 
Chapter 26
Evan opened the garage door and jogged over to Dave’s car. He pulled it up to the front of the garage. He stood me up, a boyish smile was etched onto his face the entire time. He lifted me up and threw me over his shoulder. I heard him open the door and slide me into the passenger side of the Escape. What a perfect name for a car. I thought bitterly. 
He jumped into the driver’s seat and pulled out of the driveway. Tears started flowing the second we were on the street. He really was going to get away with this. I was on my way to Canada and I didn’t even have a choice. 
“Passports?” I tried hoping he wasn’t as organized as he claimed. 
“In that box over there.” He said a proud smile on his face. He had thought of everything.
I heard the sounds of sirens and my heart picked up a beat. They would catch him. Joe wouldn’t let him out of Walterville. The sirens seemed far away. Evan was preparing to get on the highway and I’d be doomed to a life as Evan’s reluctant partner. He was quiet, focused on his driving and the road when the thought came to me. 
Stop the car. I needed to stop this car. Evan was still focused so I reached over and pulled the wheel towards me. We veered to the left slamming into a streetlight.  
“Ugh.” I groaned as I lifted my head. It had slammed into the airbag. If my head and neck weren’t sore before this would have really done it. The pain was almost unbearable but escaping Evan had to be my only objective. I opened the passenger door and pushed myself out of the car. I fell to my knees. I had forgotten about the duct tape. I pulled at the tape on my wrists until I found the end of the strip with a lot of persistence I was able to get it off. I started working on my ankles when I heard Evan’s groans. He was awake. Damn it, I needed to get the hell out of here. I twisted and pulled until it was stretched enough to get one leg out of. Once I was tape free I hightailed it out of the street like I was being chased by Freddie Kruger. In reality, this was much worse than Freddie. This guy would actually kill me. I ran to the closest house I could find and banged on the door. It didn’t open. I couldn’t see another house anywhere close by. Why was it always like that? Every other time there were houses everywhere. When someone’s trying to kill you, there’s a high probability that you are on the only street that hasn’t been developed. I scanned the scene of the accident and saw that Evan made his way out of the car. 
“Shit.” I whispered to myself and started running again. I have no clue where I’m going just that it had to be away from him. I ran down the road and took a left turn at the fork in the road. I wish I knew where we were but he had taken us on some back road to avoid police. I ran patting myself down for my cell phone. I don’t remember losing it. I finally felt it’s familiar bulge in my back pocket. The screen was cracked but I could still dial. 
“Walterville Police.” Susan’s nasally voice responded. 
“Susan it’s Rena. I need....” I gasped for some air, “Joe to track my phone and get the hell out here.”
“Rena, are you....”
“I’m ....running and need to get away.... Just hurry.” I snapped and hung up the phone sliding it back into my back pocket. 
I turned around to see where Evan was and he was at the house I left banging on the door. He must think I’m there. I kept to the shadows and continued running. I heard sirens, but they didn’t sound close yet again. I leaned against a tree filling my lungs with some much needed oxygen. I can make it through this. I’ve made it through worse. I kept repeating it but I’m not sure if I was believing it anymore.  
I caught the sight of Evan running again. I mustered my remaining energy and ran like hell was on my heels. 
My lungs burned but I kept going, I couldn’t stop. I made it behind another tree before I felt hands grasp my throat. Whoever it was pulled me toward them. I caught the hint of blood in the air and knew it was Evan. Tears ran down my cheeks without permission. This felt like a loss. I had finally lost. 
“Freeze.” My tears stopped at the sound of that deep, authoritative tone. Joe Vasquez. My savior. 
“Who’s going to stop me?” was Evan’s snap reply. 
“Let her go.” Joe attempted. 
“She’s leaving with me.” Evan said still not bothering to turn around.
“Young Man.” Joe’s voice was raised and I knew he was holding back. “I’m asking you to release your captive and comply. If not I will be forced to shoot.” 
The tears that took a momentary break at Joe’s arrival started up again with the mention of shootings. 
“I won’t repeat myself.” Joe continued. 
I noticed Evan’s indecision. His grip on my throat slackened at the mention of being killed.
“Evan, turn yourself in.” I choked out. 
“Evan,” Joe tried the name out. “You are scared, but this isn’t the way. Let Rena go and place your hands above your head.”
“I can’t go in. I can’t ...” I felt him shake his head but couldn’t see what he’s going through. 
“Please Evan.” I tried, I felt it was futile, but I deserved to give him that last chance to prove that he was a decent person. “You said I was the only one that saw you for who you are. I know you are a good person. Evan let me go.” I instilled as much strength as I could into my words. I didn’t want to sound as weak and hopeless as I felt. I wanted him to believe what I had said. 
His grip loosened and his hands left my throat. He leaned towards me. “I would have given you everything you wanted.” He pushed me toward Joe. I fell to my knees. 
“Raise your hands above your head, Evan.” 
“I’d rather you shot me.” Evan said angrily. He charged toward Joe with an army knife extended. I closed my eyes. I knew what was going to happen. I heard the first shot, it was quickly followed by another. I covered my head on the ground and sobbed until there was nothing left.
 “Rena.” Joe said pulling me up to my feet. My whole body felt like it had been run over by a freight train. I made a circle and saw Evan’s lifeless body on the ground. He was dead and just like that my eyes filled with fresh tears. 
“Come on.” He said pulling me toward his squad car. I sank into the seat of the car. 
Everything began to blur. There were dozens of police cruisers, ambulances, and even a fire truck had made the trek to us. I couldn’t distinguish between any of the officers even though I knew each and every one of them by name. All I saw was Evan’s lifeless body. I had never seen someone killed while I was there. One minute he was alive and crazy and the next minute he’s gone.
  A paramedic came over to me and shined a light in my eyes. 
“Concussion.” He reported to his partner. “Can you tell me your name?” 
“My name is Rena Solis.” I mumbled miserably. “If you are going to take me to the hospital can we go already. I can’t stand being here.” The Paramedics looked at each other and then got a stretcher. I stood and walked to the ambulance before they even had the stretcher out of the back. 
“I’m fine.” I mumbled sitting in the corner of the ambulance. 
“You’ve been through a lot of physical trauma. You shouldn’t be moving.”
“A drive to the hospital is not what is going to cause damage. The two mile run I did after the car accident might though.”
They gave each other another wordless glance and the one who was examining me sat across from me. 
The ride to the hospital was long. My thoughts centered around Evan’s lifeless eyes staring into oblivion. It was my fault. If I hadn’t talked him into letting me go. Joe would have never really shot him.
Once I was in the hospital, Krystal was hysterical, she never left my side. I’m sure she would die five years sooner from all the stress I had caused her from that day alone. We won’t even talk about how many years I shaved off of her with the last two cases, either. She had just left my room to give Jesse and I some privacy. There were things that needed to be said between us.
“I’m so sorry.” Jesse said with his hands wrapped protectively around me. “I don’t know what I was thinking. I never should have let you do anything so reckless. Everything is my fault.” I shook my head but couldn’t muster words to come out of my mouth. I was safe. I was in Jesse’s arms it was basically the same thing. 
“Never, ever listen to me when I’m hopped up on pain killers.”
“I promise.” I said pulling him closer to me. 
“If something had happened to you I would have never forgiven myself. I don’t ever want to feel like I might lose you.”
He kissed my forehead. 
My concussion and sore neck were the only by-product of the attack and accident. 
Dave had suffered a bit more and aside from his concussion, stupid wrench, he had a broken rib and a severely sprained ankle.
Chapter 27
My head hurt. That’s what they expected. Jesse had fallen asleep hours ago. I knew it was Krystal’s doing that he hadn’t been asked to return to his own room. I was thankful. I wasn’t prepared to be alone just yet. I lifted his arm with a cast that felt like cinderblock across my stomach. 
I just wanted to check on Dave. I had heard he was okay but it wasn’t the same as seeing it. Honestly, I had a lot of apologizing to do and was hoping he would be awake for it. I should have never talked him into coming with me. I never thought it would get as dangerous as it did. That was my problem. I never thought it would get to the point of injury and death but it always seemed to happen. Jesse was the one that planned for the worse. Without him, I was useless. We were a team and there was just no replacing my partner. 
I snuck through the hall of the nearly empty hospital. It was late not many people were around especially since visiting hours ended three hours ago. I looked around before I opened Dave’s door. His light was on that wasn’t a good sign. 
I looked around the sterile room. There was an armchair that Whitney was sleeping in and a large hospital bed monopolizing the small room. Dave was asleep too. I sat at the empty chair beside his bedside.
I grabbed his hand with mine. “I’m so sorry, Dave.” I choked out. My voice was hoarse from all the screaming and crying. I sounded like I had been smoking my entire life. “I never should have told you what I was doing.” A sob escaped.
I heard someone stir and I looked up expectantly at Dave, but it wasn’t him. Whitney’s wide hazel eyes stared back at me. She jumped out of her chair and came toward me. She wrapped her arms around me in a caring hug. Why wasn’t she furious with me? I had almost gotten Dave killed. 
“Thank god, you are okay.” She said finally letting go of me. I looked at her confused. Why wasn’t she freaking out? Where was the anger? I had prepared myself for anger. “What’s wrong?” She asked in that same somber tone. She slid her chair towards me and placed her hand over mine and Dave’s. 
“You don’t hate me?” I asked confused.
All she did was blink. 
“I’m the reason, Dave is here.” 
“Rena, I know you and I know Dave. I’m pretty sure he had a choice in what he was doing. I knew he probably tried to talk you of it and failed. I also know that you most likely informed him about Jesse and he would never let you walk into danger alone.” She said it all so matter-of-factly. 
“Did Dave tell you that?” She shook her head in the negative. 
“He didn’t have to. I may not understand everything about your relationship with Dave. I know that he would never let anything bad happen to you if he could stop it.” She chuckled sadly. “Sometimes I think he is trying to make up for something with you. I really don’t get you two.” She said looking at me with tears in her eyes.
I shrugged, it wasn’t my place to tell her about Caitlin and Dave. I didn’t want her to think any less of him. 
“I know Dave denies it but you know why he does it. You know what he is trying to make up for.”
I looked at her, warring with whether or not I should tell her. 
“I think this is something Dave should tell you about.” I said trying to backpedal.
“I don’t get it. You say we are friends but the three of you keep everything so close to your chest. How do you expect anyone else to ever get in?” She snapped bitterly. She moved her hand away from Dave and mine. 
She had a very good point. Was I really betraying Dave by telling her about his minor indiscretion? He had been blinded by Caitlin. I understood that, but I also learned the best way to move on was to look your fear in the eye and stand up to it.
“Dave will hate me for telling you. He loves you so much he never wanted you to think poorly of him.” I started. I waited for her to tell me it was a bad idea but she didn’t. “I can tell you for a fact that the Dave I’m telling you about is long gone. He was being manipulated and he would have never done something to intentionally hurt me.” I warned. 
She nodded staring at me with her wide almond shaped eyes. 
“Don’t look at him differently because of this. He will be the same Dave when he wakes up.” I tried again.
“Dave cheated on me.” Whitney looked at me, her mouth open. She was confused. Her forehead furrowed, she opened her mouth to say something but thought better of it and snapped her mouth closed. 
“But, Dave and I never dated.” I corrected.
Her eyes narrowed suspiciously. “I don’t understand.” 
“Caitlin.” Understanding dawned in her eyes as soon as I said the name. “She was stringing Dave along. He thought he loved her for so long. Since before we met, actually. She gave him a chance but it wasn’t real it was all part of her game. Dave tried to move on and he tried to date me.” I cleared my throat and some of the hoarseness subsided, “We don’t work as a couple. It’s ugly and tainted with Caitlin. Plus, I never cared for Dave the way I care for Jesse and he has never cared about anyone the way he cares about you. I came to apologize to him for talking him to coming with me. It’s my fault he’s here. I should have listened to him but I was wrapped up in Jesse’s words. Will you ever forgive me Whit? I really want to include you in everything. We don’t want to keep you out.” 
She hugged me again. 
“Rena Solis. When my ribs aren’t killing me I’m going to kill you myself.” Dave groaned from his bed. 
I smiled, relieved that he had heard everything I had told Whitney. 
Whitney leaned forward and kissed him. She pulled away, “You should be kissing her feet because when you woke up I had a nasty speech prepared.” I held back the chuckle that wanted to escape. 
“Dave, I’m sorry. I’ll see you tomorrow.” I said taking his hand in mine again.
His eyes met mine. “I’m so happy you talked Jesse into this more than me.” He said a wide, lopsided grin was on his face. 
“No offense but he’s better back up. He doesn’t pass out so easily.” I stuck out my tongue and escaped back to my room.
Jesse was still sound asleep. I walked around to my side of the bed and slid back in. I tried to be careful and gingerly placed each body part on the bed. Yet, his arms snaked around me and I looked up to see his dazzling ocean blue eyes locked on me. 
“Where were you?” He said before suppressing a yawn. He pulled me more firmly towards him. I touched the nasty bruise on his forehead.
“I went to apologize to Dave.” 
“Was he awake?” By the time I left he was. 
“If I ever say anything that crazy to you again. Please just slap me.” He said with a somber expression on his tired face. “Joe yelled at me enough for the rest of my life. I never want to be on that man’s bad side ever again.” Jesse shook his head. The memory repeating in his head. “Never doubt that he loves you.” 
I smiled. I knew that was true. I never doubted my godfather’s love. “I thought you were getting comfortable with Joe’s rants. What number was this one?”
“Laugh now you’re next. He’s way nicer about it when your big, sad eyes are staring at him. He didn’t even seem to sympathize about my accident. If he would have gotten the chance I’m sure he would have kicked me in the side, he was so pissed.”
“Hey! He would never be that mean!” I retorted shocked, he thought Joe was capable of such things.
“To you maybe not.”
 I shook my head, “I don’t believe that he is such a....”
“Hard ass.” 
“Jess,” I said biting back my laugh. “He gets angry when he’s worried. He’s harmless.”
“Yeah, say that to Evan.” Jesse said quietly. It still hurt to think about. Evan was gone and it was all my fault.
The smile died on my face.
“Damn, it’s too soon.” He said pulling my head towards him and kissing the top of my head. 
“After all that happened I still can’t picture the Evan I tutored as the same Evan that was there. I just keep thinking Evan is going to be so mad at me for skipping our study session. Then I think about what happened. I know it happened I just can’t believe it.” I said still processing what had happened.
“Do you think you are going to have new nightmares?”
“I haven’t had nightmares in a while. I hope not.”
Jesse watched me for a few moments. 
“I love you and I’m going to be here when you wake up.” His blue eyes carried the seriousness of what he was saying. He wanted to be there in case I did have a nightmare. 
“Thank you.” I rested my head on his chest and closed my eyes.

Epilogue 
“Happy Birthday to you. Happy Birthday to you. Happy Birthday Rena. Happy Birthday to you.” Everyone was all smiles. It was two weeks since Evan’s death and one week since Jesse was let out of the hospital. My parents had come home the day after everything happened and had stayed knowing my birthday was quickly approaching. 
I looked at the cake my mom had made. Strawberry cake, with cream cheese icing. It was the same every year. It was still my favorite since I could remember. This year it had seventeen candles. 
I hadn’t decided what I wanted to wish for. I was happy, despite everything. I had never been more grateful to have the people I love with me here. I looked at Jesse across the table and knew. Please let me get into Columbia with him. I closed my eyes and blew out the candles. I looked around at all the guests. My parents, Krystal, Jesse, Dave, Whitney, Simon, Joe, Todd, Amber, and Jesse’s parents. Yeah, I was grateful they cared and were here despite my shaky decision making.
I heard clapping. “It’s about time I want some cake.” Dave said coming towards me for a slice. He looked brand new since everything. His arm had recovered nicely and though his ribs were still sore the bruising had diminished. Jesse still had a cast on his arm but he had recovered nicely from his accident as well. 
“Slow down, Dave. Let the birthday girl get a slice.” My dad said as he strategically placed himself between the cake and Dave. It happened like this for the last two years. They always fought for the second slice. 
My mom continued cutting the cake. She handed me a slice. My dad and Dave were still talking and I slid the second slice across the table to Jesse, who’s smile said it all. He looked a lot better, the bruise on his forehead and eye was almost gone and was just a faint yellow discoloring. I had warned him about how important the second slice of cake was to Dave and my father. 
“Not fair.” Dave said noticing my act. “Really? This is his second party.”
“He’s my boyfriend.” I countered and stuck out my tongue.
“I’m your father.” My dad retorted. I handed him the third slice. 
“Relax there is enough for everyone.” My mom chimed in as she handed Whitney and Dave slices. 
They took their bites, “Oh my god. I see why you’re fighting.” Whitney said between a mouthful of cake. 
“Mrs. Solis, do you want to make my birthday cake too?” She said as she cut another sliver of cake. Whitney closed her eyes as she placed the next piece into her mouth and savored the richness. 
Rebecca Solis just laughed, I’m sure she was used to that request every year, mostly because Dave made it.  “I’m sure we could arrange it, Whitney.”
Aunt Krystal walked into the dining room and like a woman on a mission walked straight to me. “So.” Krystal started with a guilty expression on her face. “I know your birthday wasn’t the best occasion for you to open college letters but these two came and I thought you would like to open them with your parents here.
The cake on my fork was forgotten when I saw the envelopes in Krystal’s hands. I looked at the envelopes. Drexel University and Columbia University. I looked over at Jesse, I flipped over the envelope so he could see it. His interest increased exponentially.  This is what we had been waiting for. The opportunity to plan our life together.
“Are you going to open it?” My dad asked from right behind me. Everyone seemed to crowd around me again.
“I don’t think I want to disappoint my audience.”
“You can wait until tomorrow if you like.” My mom said putting a reassuring hand on my shoulder. 
“I can’t wait that long. Curiosity will kill me.” I heard my dad’s soft chuckle. 
I ripped open the Drexel envelope first. I was sure I had gotten into Drexel. I was just curious if I had gotten the academic scholarship I had been vying for. It was the school I had expected to go to. I always assumed I would go to a good school, not an Ivy League school. Jesse was a genius and had Columbia. Dave’s soccer skills guaranteed that he had his scholarship at U. Penn waiting with a big bow on it. I wasn’t as confident in my abilities. 
I pulled the letter out and unfolded it. I skimmed over the words quickly noticing words like: Congratulations, acceptance, awarding you the scholarship.
“I got in and I got a full ride.” I felt my parents crowd me for a hug. 
“We are so proud of you.” They replied in unison.
“I have one more,” I said looking directly at Jesse. He had to be as nervous as I was. This was our future hanging in the balance. Sure, I had applied to NYU as a backup but being at the same school could guarantee being close to each other. There was the possibility of having classes together. If we were lucky we could even be in the same Dorm.  
Everything I did seemed to be in slow motioned. I ripped the envelope open. I pulled out the letter. This time I took a shaky breath before I read it. My eyes met Jesse’s again. He nodded, he looked as nervous as I felt. I looked down the familiar words of the other letter were present too. Congratulations, acceptance, welcome.
I had gotten into Columbia? I had gotten into Columbia! Jesse and I were moving to New York City. I looked at him my heart seemed to stop. He smiled, reading my mind. Everyone was waiting for me to tell them what it said. 
“I got in.” I choked out. How had I gotten into Columbia? I looked at my birthday cake and heaved a sigh of relief maybe some birthday wishes still came true. 
Jesse’s arms were around me before I could even figure out how he had gotten past everyone to reach me.
“Welcome to the rest of our life.” He whispered into my ear followed by a kiss to my cheek. 




 












