Fated Dreams

By Christina Smith



Published by Christina Smith

Smashwords Edition

Copyright ©2012 Christina Smith

Cover Model - Courtney Collins

Cover art © by Stephanie Mooney. All rights reserved 

Edited by  Christine Leporte



For my mom, who believed in me after reading the first paragraph, and for my grandmother, who never lived to see this day.



This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously



Reviews for Fated Dreams:

By Ashley Stoyanoff, Author of The Souls Mark: Found 

"…Not too often do I find a book that pulls on my every emotion and this one did. I had the odd tears; I giggled like a school girl; I wanted to shout and scream at the characters. This story had me flipping pages and on the edge of my seat from start to end… this was one of the best books I have read this year, and I am sure I will be reading it again. I cannot wait for the next one.

By Beth, a goodreads member

"…FATED DREAMS is a great young adult read. The plot twists, turns and misleads you right till the end. Sarah is a strong young woman, that makes decisions for herself and stands up for what she wants without excepting less. I really enjoyed this book and I am looking forward to the next book DELUSIONS coming soon from the Affinity Series."

By Francesca, a goodreads member

"Fated Dreams kept me on edge. Either because of Lucas or the attempts on Sarah's life. Christina Smith had written what it felt like to be in love, exhilarated and wanting for more. The main character, Sarah, was made more humane than ever by feeling the fear induced by the one who threatens her life.

You have to read this book to know how it ends. And it ends with a twist! I could not wait for the next book 

By Sara Gordon, a goodreads member,

"This was a very sweet book with lots of mystery. Christina Smith keeps you guessing until the end who the culprit is. I liked Sarah and Lucas's romance. And Logan ended up not too bad, and I kind of wish there was more about him. The characters were strong, and I love how a little mystery was brought in with a few of them to throw you off track. Can't wait to read the next book of the series. Highly recommend."

Discover other exciting titles by Christina Smith

Delusions (Book Two in The Affinity Series)


Prologue
Brownridge, Vermont


Three years ago

“How did I get here?” I asked myself for the fourth time, although I already knew the answer. My voice was muffled inside the closed, confined space.
It was Saturday night, and instead of hanging out at a party with Derrick and Emma like I was supposed to be, where was I? In a closet, and not the proverbial kind either. I was literally in a closet, fluffy towels and all. Why? That’s a good question, and the only answer I could think of was my own stupidity.
Stephanie Brown, honey-blonde hair, vivid blue eyes, and a body every boy drooled over, had it out for me. And again the question was, why? Well, the obvious answer could only be Ryan Crenshaw, her ex-boyfriend. Not that he wasn’t worthy of her attention—his wheat-colored hair and soul-deep blue eyes would make male underwear models envious—but he just wasn’t interested in her anymore. 
He told me once that the only reason he liked her in the first place was because he was new to the school and didn’t know any better. But once he did, he dumped her right on her cashmere-covered ass. And when Ryan started eating lunch with me, she decided that I was her enemy. She even convinced the entire school to hate me, and the social-climbing drones of the student body listened to her. Ever since I started at Hadley Academy six months ago, the only friend I’d had was Ryan, and he was only a friend. As much as Stephanie, the self-proclaimed queen of the school, thought differently.
Not that I was desperately in need of extra friends. I had two of the best ones anyone could ask for, but since they attended a public school on the other side of town, my days were filled with cold stares and the occasional prank.
I thought my luck had changed a few days ago when the queen witch herself asked me over for a slumber party with her two best friends. At first I was skeptical, considering her obvious dislike for me. But since she had made the effort, I hoped it was the start of a normal life for me at school, so I agreed against my better judgment. 
The evening started out okay. She showed me around her enormous mansion, making sure I noticed all the expensive-looking furniture, rich silks, and classic artwork that were displayed throughout the rooms.
After a gourmet dinner, I followed Stephanie up to her room. It was painted red and white, with photos placed perfectly along the walls. Above her bed was a portrait of the queen herself, which I thought was tacky. 
The distinct scent of an expensive perfume filled the air; it was such a strong odor I figured she bathed in it or spilled the bottle. Either way, the smell was overpowering. I used to like that particular scent, but now I feared I could never use it without thinking of her.
She sat on her bed with her puppets, as I now called Trudy and Tara, while I took the plush, wine-colored armchair near the closet.
“So Sarah, do you think you’re pretty?” Stephanie asked. 
“Uh…I don’t know, why?” 
She scowled. “I asked Ryan why he was talking to you all the time. And do you know what he said?” 
I didn’t like where this was going. “No,” I answered quietly, afraid to look into her eyes. 
“He said that you were sweet and pretty. And that he liked your dark eyes and your long brown hair.” 
I glanced at Trudy and Tara, hoping for help, but their smirks told me I couldn’t count on them. This wasn’t good. 
She didn’t wait for a response before continuing, and really, what was I going to say, she was obviously up to something. A knot of trepidation formed in the pit of my stomach. “I can’t do anything about your eyes, but I can do something about that hair.” She bent down and picked up something hidden under her bed. 
I had a feeling I knew what was about to happen, and I hoped I was wrong. 
She turned back around, holding a pair of industrial-size, shiny, silver scissors. Oh shit. Her smile was all steel as she glanced at me, and then at the shears. 
Now I knew why they invited me here, and it wasn’t to become my friend. 
God, I was so stupid. Why would I think that after months of her ignoring me, the frost queen would suddenly be nice to me? I should have known that a girl like her, rich, snobby, and just plain mean, was incapable of change. 
Glaring at the scissors, I gulped, making the only decision I could think of. I took off out the door of her bedroom. 
As I ran down the hall, I heard her yell, “Get her, girls.” 
This was so cliché. I was living a horror flick, and I couldn’t believe I fell for it. 

So now the question was, how did I get myself out of this odd situation I suddenly found myself in? 
It was so dark in the closet I couldn’t see the hand I held out in front of my face. If there was a light bulb in here, I wasn’t going to turn it on for fear I’d give away my position. A floral scent wafted around the tiny cubby. I stretched out my hand and felt the soft towels that were folded neatly on a shelf beside me. 
With my head pressed against the door, I sat down on the floor, trying to think of what to do next. My eyes were closed as I listened carefully, hearing only my own breathing and the faint sound of footsteps as they searched another part of the house. I was safe, for now. Although I knew I couldn’t hide forever. 
Since I had nothing else to do, I tapped my knee with my finger to the tune of the national anthem. It must have helped my thought process, because I remembered something. I had seen a phone sitting on a stand in the hall on my way to this closet. Maybe I could crawl over to it while the crazy girls were occupied, and call my mom. Then I could sneak outside and wait behind some bushes. I really didn’t want a haircut. I couldn’t believe she was going to chop off my hair just because her ex-boyfriend talked to me and became my friend. 
What was I thinking; of course she would. 
I waited a few seconds, making sure they were still out of hearing distance before making my move. 
Opening the door very slowly, I crawled out, looking around to make sure I was alone. Since my eyes had adapted to the darkness of the small closet, they now felt strained from the wash of light coming from the fixture above me. The hallway was clear, so I continued to crawl slowly on my hands and knees along the soft oatmeal-colored carpet, careful not to make any sound. The phone was just a couple feet away on a small oak table against the wall. 
I was almost there when I heard a squeaky voice I recognized as Tara’s. “There she is,” she yelled, pointing at me from the other end of the hallway. 
Crap. I stood up and ran as fast as I could for the portable handset. I picked it up and dialed my number quickly. My mom answered, “Hello.” 
The words “come get me” rushed out of my mouth before a well-manicured hand reached for the receiver. I turned to see Stephanie slam her finger down, ending my call and the only chance of escape.
She smiled wickedly; her fierce blue eyes shot out imaginary icicles that filled me with fear. “This is going to be so much fun.”
Tara and Trudy held on to me while I pleaded with them to stop. I hoped that they would feel guilty and let me go. That hope was short-lived when I saw laughter in their eyes. They were just as evil as Stephanie was.
As I struggled, I felt the first cut, and some of my hair that had taken years to grow fall to the floor. I panicked, stomped on someone’s foot, and took off running. Fingers slipped from my skin. I was free.
“Get her, now!” the evil witch screamed. In my haste I tripped on the edge of the carpet, giving Tara a chance to grab my arm before I could get away, her pointed nails digging into my skin. 
They held on tighter this time, and as hard as I tried, I couldn’t get away. I sobbed quietly as they chopped off my hair. My heart sank with every snip of the scissors. The strands brushed my arm and feet as they fell to the floor, feeling like soft feathers caressing my skin. I closed my eyes, hoping that was all it was, a pillow torn open above my head.
When the awful snipping sounds stopped, I opened my eyes to see most of my hair lying in clumps at me feet. I could no longer pretend they were anything else. I knew that the pile of brown clippings curled up along the carpet was mine. I stared down at it with a feeling of numbness. My long mane that I had taken such care of was now taunting me from the floor. When I was little, I asked to have long hair just like my mother. After that, she would brush it lovingly every night, buying products to keep it soft and shiny. She said it was one of the reasons she wanted a daughter, to dress her up and play with her hair. And now the remaining pieces lay on the floor, being stomped on by Stephanie’s open-toed red sandals. 
They let me go and started to laugh. “I don’t think Ryan will be interested in you now. My goodness, Sarah, what happened to your hair?” she mocked. “You know, you really should stop going to your dad’s barber.” Stephanie’s sick attempt at humor made the lump in my throat threaten to grow. 
Trudy and Tara laughed at her joke with twin high-pitched screeches. They were eerily similar, with matching grey eyes, black hair, and milky complexions. If Trudy wasn’t four inches taller than Tara, I’d think they were twins, although they weren’t even related.
I ran to Stephanie’s room, picked up my bag, and took off in the direction of the front door. As I rushed out, I heard her shrill voice calling after me. “Oh Sarah, are you leaving so soon?” And of course more laughter followed. 
I stumbled out of her house into the night. In the darkness, I followed the walkway to the road, feeling embarrassed and angry, and an ache formed in my chest before the tears started to fall. 
I wasn’t paying attention to where I was going and started walking aimlessly. My tears were flowing hard, obscuring my view. My foot caught in a crack in the road, and I fell to the ground. My hands dug into the asphalt, scraping my palms. 
I pushed myself up and continued walking. 
Would this horror movie ever end? I hoped to wake up in my room, having dreamed the whole thing. Closing my eyes, I willed it to be true, but fate was not on my side; this was really happening. I was still here wandering the roads, praying I was heading in the right direction. 
After what seemed like hours, I saw headlights behind me. A car pulled along the sidewalk, and the passenger side window slowly rolled down. “OH, MY GOD, SARAH! WHAT HAPPENED?” my mother yelled from the driver’s seat. 






Chapter One
The Dream

The fact that he was present made me realize I was dreaming. In reality, he wouldn’t be caught dead talking to me. It was early evening, and I was sitting on one of the swings from my brother’s old swing set, staring up at the starry sky. It was peaceful, with a warm breeze gently brushing my face. My hair fell into my eyes. The scent of lilacs drifted in the air.
I had just pushed off the ground and swung upwards when I heard a creaking sound behind me. I glanced back to see him open the gate and walk into our yard. He smiled at me, his hazel eyes sparkling in the moonlight as he sat down on the swing next to mine. We sat together silently, swinging gently, looking up at the moon and the stars. 
Suddenly, a bright light shone from behind us, followed by a very shrill noise…or was it a scream? 
Thump, thump, thump. My eyes shot open. A banging sound came from somewhere, interrupting my sleep. I wasn’t ready to wake yet, so I threw the pillow over my head to muffle the noise.
“Sarah, get up, Mom’s been calling you,” Alex, my fifteen-year-old brother, bellowed from the other side of my bedroom door. 
“I’m up,” I yelled, tossing the pillow aside and closing my eyes again.
I jumped at the sound of another thump. “Go away!” God, can’t anyone sleep in around here? I heard him stomp down the hall, leaving me to nestle under my covers to go back to sleep. Just as I was drifting off again, a thought appeared in my foggy brain; I was supposed to do something, wasn’t I? My eyes popped open, focusing on the dirt splotch on my ceiling above me left by a ball I had thrown up years ago. I knew I should wash it off, but I sometimes found myself staring up at it and seeing shapes in the dust. Once, after studying for a difficult biology exam, the shape of a happy face appeared. It made me feel better about the test. But now I lay staring at it trying to figure out what day it was, and then I did. It was Monday and I was late for school. Filled with panic, I jumped up to have a quick shower. 

By the time I was finished getting ready for school, my mom had already left. There was a note on the kitchen table telling me that she had taken Alex to school and that I had better not be late. There was a threat in there too, but I wasn’t worried. She was pretty lenient—well, only when my dad was away on business. She was always joking with him that someone had to be the grown-up. My dad was more like a kid than an adult, more like a friend than a father. My brother and I were lucky in the parent department. Yes, my mother was a little more responsible than my dad, but we didn’t really have many rules. She trusted us to make the right choices. She was very good with guilt, so before I did something stupid, I would think of the guilt trip she’d lay out…and change my mind. 
I took a juice box and a granola bar from the pantry, grabbed my coat off the hook, and headed out the door. 
It was hot and sunny out and I instantly regretted the coat. Shaking it off, I ran to my car, a used silver-blue, two-door SUV I got for my sixteenth birthday. It was a bribe from my mother to make me go to Hadley Academy. Even though I only lasted at the snooty school for six months, I was able to keep the bribe. It was an older car, but that was okay, it had character. So what if the passenger side door stuck on rainy days, and it sometimes smelled of pipe tobacco? It was all part of the charm, and besides, it was free. I paid for the insurance and gas with the money I made working at the multiplex. With only a few shifts a week, I didn’t make a lot. But I was pretty good at saving. 
As I drove, I noticed that only a few leaves had changed. It was the second week of September, and this beautiful weather wasn’t going to last long. 
I arrived at my school, Hamilton High, a large dull-gray stone building that slightly resembled a prison. Considering my last school, I was okay with its appearance.
Parking in the student parking lot wasn’t always easy, since I was usually late. I was often left with the spot furthest from the entrance, and today was no different. 
Rushing to the front doors, I noticed my mom’s car, a candy-red convertible. It was her gift to herself after she turned forty. She worked here, unfortunately, as the vice principal. It’s not as bad as it sounds, having a mother that works at your school. With a building this size, I didn’t see her that often. This was my last year of high school anyway. In the fall, I was heading to NYU for their teaching program; I was going to become a music teacher. I had been playing the piano since I was five. My mother’s dream for me was to follow in her footsteps and become a teacher, so I thought combining our dreams was a good compromise. 
 I was running from my locker, after having put my bag inside, when the bell rang. Crap. I was late again. I’m not good with mornings, so this happens every so often. 
Just as I turned the corner heading to my first period English class, I slammed into someone. Our sneakers squeaked against the white tile as we collided. A pile of books fell to the floor in a heap. 
I bent down to pick them up. “I’m so sorry,” I stammered, but the words were barely out of my mouth before the person took off down the hall.
It was a guy, and he had picked up his books so fast, I didn’t even see his face. All I noticed was the back of his head as I watched him run off. His hair was shaggy and brown, and he was quite a bit taller than my five foot five. The gray sweatshirt and jeans he wore weren’t helpful at identifying him either, since a lot of kids in school dressed that way. 
“Miss Samson, is there a reason you’re loitering in the hallway when class is starting?”
Turning toward the voice, I saw Mr. Henderson standing in front of his classroom. He was short and stout with a receding hair line that made his forehead look gigantic. And since his glasses always fell to the bridge of his nose, no matter how many times he pushed them back, a few kids made fun of him.  I, however, would never do such a thing. 
“You wouldn’t want me to report you to your mother, would you?” he said in a snarly tone.
“I’m going,” I mumbled as I took off in the direction of my first class. 
I wasn’t that late. The kids were just getting settled, opening their books and getting out their pens, when I snuck into my seat.
“You’re late,” Derrick, one of my best friends, whispered from behind me. Miss Reynolds, our English teacher, was just starting her lesson and didn’t notice him talking. “We’re meeting Emma outside today for lunch,” he whispered again. I nodded my head, focusing on the rest of the lesson. 
My next class was my favorite, music, and part of the reason I liked it so much was the teacher, Miss. Fitzgerald. She had long auburn hair that was always pulled back in a braid, and she constantly wore long flowing skirts with peasant blouses. I once heard Mr. Henderson call her a Bohemian. 
For the last week we had been studying a piece she composed. It was complex and challenging to learn; luckily, I loved a challenge. I was to play the piano for the piece and was excited for the night we would get to perform for the school and our parents. We were working on our own today, each of us learning our parts.
I was lost in the music when Miss Fitzgerald came over and stood beside me. My fingers stilled as I glanced up at her. “Wonderful, Sarah, you're doing great. I can’t wait to hear the whole piece. Julliard will be lucky to have you,” she said, smiling. Her arms were crossed in front of her as she leaned on the edge of the piano.
“Thank you, Miss Fitzgerald. But I doubt I’ll get a job there after college.”
“Sarah, you could be a concert pianist, and yet you choose to teach. They should welcome you with open arms.” 
I blushed, unable to hide my excitement at her words, even though I couldn’t get my hopes up. I had always wanted to teach there, but I knew it was a difficult position to acquire. I would just have to wait and see.
Her words put me in a good mood, and after class was over, I headed to my locker, humming the tune I had been playing.
I had to ditch my books and get my lunch. As I fumbled with my locker door, my arms loaded with books, a blue spiral notebook slipped out of my fingers and landed on the floor with a thump.
I bent down to pick it up and realized it wasn’t my name scrawled on the front, it was Lucas Tate’s. His loopy handwriting was barely legible. Why did I have his book? I shoved it into my locker and ran outside to meet my friends; I’d figure it out later. 
They were at one of the far picnic tables. Since it was still warm outside, a lot of the tables that were placed throughout the schoolyard were occupied with other students that wanted to enjoy the sunshine. 
I strolled toward them, in no hurry, enjoying the heat of the sun on my face and the scent of grass as the janitor chugged along the football field on his riding lawn mower. The low purr of his motor, mixed with the temperature, made it feel like springtime. But we weren’t so lucky; it was only a matter of time before the air would turn cold. “Hey, guys” I said, sitting down next to Emma.
Derrick was on the other side, and I wouldn’t be surprised if they had been staring into each other’s eyes. They both had a huge crush on each other, but neither of them would admit it. The only reason I could think of for them to hold back their feelings was that we all had been best friends forever. Whether that was the reason or not, I had no idea.
“I heard you were late again,” Emma mumbled, her mouth full of ham sandwich. 
I opened my lunch, taking out the pepperoni and cheese sandwich, saving the apple and caramel snack cake for later. “I wasn’t that late, and besides, it wasn’t my fault. I bumped into someone and had to pick up my books.” I didn’t mention that I was running late before that happened.
Derrick opened his mouth to speak, except I wasn’t listening. I just realized why I had Lucas’ book. It was him that I bumped into. That explained the fast departure. 
Lucas Tate was his twin brother. And by his, I mean Logan Tate, the most popular guy in school, although nobody could figure out why. He was kind of a jerk, but got away with it because of his looks. He was the type of guy you could stare at all day, but hoped wouldn’t speak. He was also the boy who starred in my dream last night. 
Emma waved her hand in front of my face. “What are you thinking about?” 
Snapping out of my own thoughts, I looked over at her. “I just figured out who it was I bumped into this morning.”
Derrick glanced at me, his brow furrowed in confusion. “What do you mean, you just figured it out? How could you not know, were your eyes closed?” He smirked at his own joke. 
I blinked at him. “Ah…no, but he ran off before I saw who it was. When I was putting my books away, I realized I had an extra one, with Lucas Tate’s name on it.”
Emma’s eyes widened. “Well, that explains it.” She looked away from us as Martin Macpherson, star quarterback and the object of my six-month-long crush in tenth grade, rushed by, chasing after a fellow team member, Rudy Myer, who cradled a football. She gave me a knowing glance as my cheeks heated from habit more than actual interest, and then continued. “He never talks to anyone.”
She was right. Lucas was Logan’s twin brother, but they were nothing alike. Logan loved to be the center of attention while Lucas went out of his way to avoid it. The only people I ever saw him with were his two best friends, Andy Taylor and Kyle Roberts. They were good guys. I had a few classes with them, and we’ve talked some. 
Lucas was different in another way from his brother. He wore glasses and kept his coffee-colored hair long, almost reaching his shoulders, as if he didn’t care what it looked like. Logan’s was always cut short and styled to perfection, and he always dressed in the latest styles. Lucas, however, wore sweatshirts and jeans almost every day. 
I was deep in thought when I heard Derrick’s voice. “What is wrong with girls in this school?” 
“What are you talking about?” Emma asked, tossing back her long red curls and batting her thick lashes over her olive-green eyes. Why didn’t Derrick see when she was flirting? 
“Look at Allison Morey over there flirting with Logan. He treats people like crap, and stupid girls like her still hang all over him, just because he’s a pretty boy.” He shook his head. “I just don’t get it.”
While he was ranting, I glanced over to where Logan was sitting with his friends, and sure enough, there were a few girls flaunting themselves at him. 
“Don’t ask us, you don’t see me or Sarah over there, do you?” Emma defended us as girls who went to this school. I really couldn’t tell them that I was dreaming about him after this. It was true what they were saying, and I was not interested in Logan at all. Well, only to look at maybe. But why would I dream about him? 
“Oh my God, Sarah. I forgot to tell you.” Her green eyes were alight with excitement. “Guess who I saw this weekend when I was shopping in Langton with my mom.”
I stared at her, my mind blank. I had no idea who it could be. “The president?”
She chuckled, waving her sandwich at me. “No, dummy. Stephanie.”
Just the sound of her name gave me the chills. “Lucky you.” I grinned, thinking about the last time I saw her at the beach. My brown hair was still short after my unwanted cut, but styled in a cute spiky bob. My friends and I were enjoying a day of sun. Her mouth popped open in shock when she noticed me. Derrick, who knew about what had happened, draped his arm around me and whispered in my ear as though we were a couple. Of course we weren’t—he was my best friend—but she didn’t have to know that. A few of his buddies were also there, dressed only in swimsuits, showing off their tanned muscular bodies. 
To her, it looked like I was surrounded by three hunky guys all vying for my attention. So I wasn’t surprised that she stared at me coldly, shooting daggers in my direction. I just smiled and waved at her, making her so angry, she stomped off the beach with her puppets following her.
“Who’s Stephanie?” Derrick asked, but before I answered, his eyes widened. “Isn’t she that witch who cut your hair?”
Since he caught me with my mouth full, I just nodded.
“You really need to get back at her.” He shook his head, staring down at his soda can.
I swallowed. “Why, she’s a spoiled rich snob. I don’t care what she thinks.” I took a sip of my drink. “Besides, wouldn’t that be stooping to her level?”
“Who cares, she deserves it,” he shot back at me. Emma and I exchanged glances as he creased his brows in thought. “You know what you should do?”
I chuckled, never having seen this side of him before. “What?” I asked.
“Dye her hair green or her skin blue. Hell, a little hair removal in her shampoo bottle would do her some good.”
Who knew he could be so vindictive, and utterly girlish? All that was missing from his suggestions was hair pulling. I raised an eyebrow instead of answering. He shrugged. “So I watch too many cheesy chick flicks, it’s your fault.”
Emma laughed at him then turned to me. “So Sarah, what are you going to do about Lucas’ book?”
Derrick glanced at her and answered for me. “What’s the big deal, just go up and tell him that you have it. He’s sitting right over there.” He gestured with his hand. I looked over to where he pointed. Lucas was sitting with Andy and Kyle two tables away. I hoped he hadn’t heard us talking about him. 
Emma was glaring at Derrick like he’d lost his mind. “She can’t just go over there, he won’t talk to her.” 
“What’s the big deal?” he asked again, shrugging his shoulders. 
“You are such a guy.” She tossed the crust from her bread down on the table. Emma was the only seventeen-year-old I knew who still didn’t eat the crust on her sandwich.
I decided to interrupt them. “Oh my God, it’s not a big deal, I’m going.” They could bicker back and forth for hours if I let them. I just wished they’d finally kiss and get it over with.
I stood up and headed over to where Lucas and his friends were sitting. I could feel Emma and Derrick’s gazes on my back. 
As I approached their table, Kyle and Andy smiled and nodded to me. Andy asked if I was finished with my homework for our chemistry class, and I said yes. While we were talking, Lucas never looked up from the paperback he was reading. “Lucas?” I couldn’t keep the slight tremble out of my voice. Nothing; he still didn’t look up. “Lucas!” I said a little louder.
Andy and Kyle just shrugged. “Dude!” Andy smacked Lucas’ shoulder.
He finally glanced up at me, his glasses falling forward a bit. He pushed them back then glared at me with his deep hazel eyes. He was quite good-looking when you were close enough to notice. He was tanned, and his long brown hair suited him, giving him a rugged look. He had a strong jaw, and a sprinkle of freckles along the bridge of his nose.
“What?” he said, interrupting my thoughts.
I was a little flustered at his annoyed expression. “Um…I don’t know if you know me? My name is Sarah” 
“I know who you are,” he interrupted. 
“Well, you dropped your book when I bumped into you this morning. I didn’t bring it with me, but if you want to meet me at my locker, I can give it to you.” 
He looked at me like I was speaking a different language. “Why don’t you just bring it with you to history next period, and give it to me there.” 
I was shocked. “You’re in my history class?” 
Now he looked even more annoyed. “I sit behind you in the back corner, and you probably didn’t notice me because you’re always talking to Emma.” 
I felt a twinge of guilt, but it was quickly replaced by irritation. Why would it matter to him if I always talked to Emma? To my knowledge, he didn’t even know I existed before today. “Fine, I’ll do that.” My voice was cold, but I didn’t care. 
I nodded to the other guys and walked back to our table. “You were right. I shouldn’t have gone over there. He’s weird.” I told them what happened. 
As I knew she would, Emma gloated with an “I told you so.” 






Chapter Two
Match Maker

Our history teacher was Mr. Henderson, but when we arrived, he wasn’t there. 
My desk was next to Emma’s, as Lucas pointed out. I set my books down and walked over to him. 
He was already there, just where he said he sat, in the back corner behind me, scrunched down in his chair with his book standing up on the desk, his head behind it. Since it was only the second week of school, it wasn’t that surprising I had never noticed him. “Are you hiding from someone?” I asked as I approached.
He looked up, his face blank. “Just reading. You’ve heard of it, haven’t you?”
“Nope, never,” I replied dryly. “Here’s your book.” I tossed it, smacking him in the shoulder; it fell onto his desk with a thud. I didn’t intend for the book to strike him. However, I wasn’t sorry that it had.
I was about to walk away when I heard him speak. “You don’t like me, do you?”
I spun around, extremely surprised that he had spoken. His lips were even curved upward into a slight smile. “I don’t know you. This is the most you have ever talked to me, and so far you’ve been kind of a jerk.” 
He didn’t change his expression. I guess he knew he was rude and didn’t care. “I’m not used to socializing, I like my privacy.” His smile grew wider. My mind went blank by his sudden uncharacteristic behaviour. “I guess I need some practice?” 
“Practice with what?” I asked dumbly. 
“With talking to people.” He slumped into his chair, arms folded in front of him, mischief shining in his eyes. “Maybe you can help me with that.” 
I stood in place, not able to speak or move. 
“Okay, people, get to your seats so we can learn something,” Mr. Henderson said as he walked in. He dropped his books on his desk with a loud thump. 
Saved by the annoying teacher, I gave Lucas a timid smile and hurried back to my desk. When class was dismissed, Lucas was the first to leave, so there were no more awkward words between us. 
As I stood up from my chair, Emma wrapped her hand around my arm and pulled me into the hall. “Talk,” she demanded as I opened my locker to trade my history for my chemistry book. The door hit another locker with a clang as I flung it open. “He actually had a conversation with you!” she whispered. “He never speaks to anyone. He even smiled.” The shock on her face made me smile. And if it was anyone other than Lucas, the school recluse, we wouldn’t have been so surprised.
“I know. I was as shocked as you are. I was the one who had trouble talking.” 
“What got into him?” She held her books closer to her chest.
“I have no idea.” I pulled my books out and slammed the door shut. 
“Was he nice? He’s so cute; he can’t be as bad as Logan.” 
“Well, he didn’t say that much, but as far as I could tell, he’s not much better.” 
She frowned. “Really? So you think being a jerk runs in their family?” 
“It must. But I’ve got to go. Bye!” I called over my shoulder as I rushed off to the chemistry lab. I didn’t want to be late for another class. 
I took my seat just in time. Mr. Holland was just handing out our assignments. “Okay, class, pick a partner. I want you to estimate the reactions of the three pairs of chemicals. Then when we’re finished, we’ll record the actual reactions.” 
I looked over at Jenny Carson, who usually partnered with me, but she smiled apologetically. Vicky Gray was leaning over her, already chosen to pair up. 
“Hey, Sarah, do you want to be partners? Nick is sick today, so if you don’t, I’ll have to work alone. You won’t do that to me, will you?” Andy asked, standing beside me, leaning his arm on my desk. 
“Sure, I’ll be your partner,” I said with relief, I didn’t want to work alone either.
He sat down at the empty seat Jenny had vacated. 
I began with estimating the reactions for the first pair. 
“I’m sorry about the way Lucas treated you today. He’s not usually so rude. Not that he has a chance to be. I’m sure you’ve noticed he’s a little antisocial.”
“Yeah, I’ve noticed.” I scribbled my estimation and then handed the paper to Andy for him to do the next one.
“He’s a really good guy, but he’s had some bad experiences. People aren’t always that friendly to him.” When I raised an eyebrow, he continued. “Just because he looks like Logan doesn’t mean he acts like him.” He wrote down his answer, tapping his finger on the desk. 
I was about to ask him what he meant, but Mr. Holland started asking questions about the results of our assignment. Andy handed me the paper, and I finished the last one. I tried to talk to him a few more times, but Mr. Holland seemed to notice before I opened my mouth, silencing me with a glare.

When I arrived home after school, I went up to my room where I spent most of my time. Mom and Dad let me redecorate recently, and I loved it. We painted the previously dark beige walls a nice cream color, and I added splashes of color with pictures that took me weeks to find. We put a small couch and TV at one end of the room, and my bed and dresser on the other. My desk, which held my computer, sat in the center under the window. 
I settled down on my bed and started my homework. There wasn’t much to do, only a one-page essay on our favorite poet. I chose Elizabeth Barrett Browning. 
I finished quickly, turned my stereo on, and lay back on my bed to listen to the music playing softly. My mind drifted to the two conversations I had with Lucas—well, if you could call them that. He wasn’t what you’d call chatty, but when we did talk, it felt…I don’t know…nice. No, that was the wrong word, it felt…right. What was I thinking? He was a total jerk and wouldn’t even speak to me at lunch. But there was something about his voice that sounded somewhat familiar. 
My thoughts were heading in an unwanted direction, so I turned up the music, and soon fell asleep. 
I woke up to someone gently shaking me. “Wake up, sleepyhead,” my dad said, smiling down at me. “Did you have a long day?” 
I smiled too. His brown hair was a bit disheveled, and his dark brown eyes, which looked so much like mine, looked tired. The gray suit he was wearing was wrinkled from the long drive, and he smelled of fruit-flavored gum. I was so happy to see him. He had been gone for a week on a business trip, selling his ideas for a new video game for a company here in Brownridge. 
 “No, just tired. How was your trip, did they like your ideas?” I asked, sitting up and leaning against my headboard. 
Disappointment flashed over his face. Oh no, I thought, until he smiled. “Of course they did. Did you really doubt your old man?” 
“Not really. Like Mom says, you’re an overgrown child who likes to play video games.” 
His smiled vanished as he pretended to be hurt. “Ha-ha. Come on, Mom’s got supper on the table.” 

The next day at lunch, my friends and I ate in the cafeteria. It was raining, so eating outside at the picnic tables was out. 
While Emma and Derrick saved me a seat, I waited in line for food, deciding what I wanted to eat. Everything looked good, but since the pizza smelled so delicious I couldn't resist. I took a piece off of the warming plate and waited for my turn to pay. I was about to step up to the cashier when someone slipped in front of me, and strong cologne burned my nostrils. I saw who it was and wasn’t surprised. “Excuse me, there’s a line!” I said to Logan. 
He glanced at me and smiled so sweetly that I guess I was supposed to say: “Oh it’s you; of course you can cut in front of me.” I don’t think so.
“I’ll be really quick. You don’t mind, right, sweetheart?” He actually winked at me as he leaned over to grab a slice of pizza. 
When he lifted it off of the tray, a sliver of his piece fell on my hand. The cheese was very hot. “Ow,” I snapped. Taking a napkin from the canister, I wiped away the gob of cheese and sauce. It left an orange stain on the back of my hand. “Yes, I mind, get back to the end of the line,” I growled. But of course he ignored me and paid for his lunch. The jerk had the nerve to turn around and smile at me. 
After I told my friends what happened, Emma asked, “Why did you let him get away with that?”
“What was I supposed to do? Cause a scene?” 
“Yes,” she said. “It would serve him right.” 
I glared at her. “And that would have embarrassed me,” I whispered, trying not to attract any more attention to myself than I already had. She shrugged her shoulders and continued to nibble on her sandwich. 
While I ate my pizza, I was lost in thought. What made people like Logan think they were so special they could get away with anything? His looks? He wasn’t the only one in the school that was attractive. Actually, Derrick was quite a hottie, with his tall, solid frame and sun-streaked sandy hair. His gray eyes were so pale they were almost haunting. A few girls would occasionally come over where we sat and talk to him. He was always nice but never dated any of them. 
He was so into Emma it was obvious, to me anyway. I could see why; Emma was one of the best people I knew. She was also one of the prettiest girls in our school. But the great part about her was that she didn’t know it. For some reason, she was self-conscious about her looks. She was always complaining about her height, which was five foot two, and having red hair was horrifying to her. She complained about it constantly. I loved the color of her hair; it was so vibrant, just like her personality. And her beautiful curls that flowed down to her back were the envy of most girls I knew. It was no wonder Derrick liked her so much. I wondered why he never did anything about it. Maybe he just needed a little shove in the right direction. 
“So guys,” I said, catching them off guard. 
Derrick’s mouth was stuffed full of sandwich. He looked like a squirrel saving for the winter. I narrowed my eyes at him, wondering why he had shoved so much into his mouth. 
Emma swallowed the cola she had just taken a drink of. They both turned their attention to me. 
“I’m working Friday night, so I can’t hang out, but why don’t you two come and see a movie? There’s a good thriller coming out this week.” 
For two people that had been friends as long as the two of them, it was funny to see them suddenly so nervous. Both of them were afraid to make eye contact with each other, and Emma’s face had turned a surprising shade of crimson. 
“Um, actually, I was going to hang out with Pete that night. But I could change my plans if you want to, Emma?” Derrick said, after he swallowed the large mound of bread. Pete was one of Derrick’s guy friends; he lived next door to him. He and another of Derrick’s friends, Cory, sat with us at lunch sometimes. 
Emma stared down into her food, hands on her lap. “Sure, sounds fun.” 
“Cool, I’ll pick you up at seven.” Derrick must have had a burst of confidence when she agreed, because now he smiled at her, trying to meet her eyes. No such luck, though; her tuna sandwich was apparently more interesting.
 “Great, it’s settled then,” I said before either of them could back out. The bell rang, signaling the end of lunch. Emma and I said goodbye to Derrick and headed to our lockers.

During history, I could feel Emma’s penetrating glare. “What?” I whispered innocently. Mr. Henderson was giving us a lecture on the Civil War, and I didn’t want him to hear us. He was pretty strict, often giving out detentions just for talking in class.
 “You know what. What was that about? Telling us to go to the movies together, just the two of us, it sounds like a date. He’s even picking me up.” She had her textbook sitting up on her desk and was leaning behind it so the teacher wouldn’t see or hear her.
I looked down at my book and whispered, “Well, it’s about time. Someone had to make the first move. I guess it had to be me.” 
“Do you think I like Derrick?” she whispered, looking surprised.
“I know you do, and you’re not alone either.” 
Her mouth flew open, and she sat up in her chair, knocking her book down with a loud smack. All eyes in the room turned to her. I braced myself for one of Mr. Henderson’s famous punishments, but he just gave Emma an icy glare to silence her. That was close. He didn’t usually let people get away with anything, so he must have been in a good mood, a rarity for him.
While I was paying attention to the lesson, I glanced back to see if Lucas was in class today. I hadn’t noticed him. He was there in his seat, listening to Mr. Henderson. He looked at me and smiled. I whirled around, still unsure why he was suddenly acknowledging me. 
On the way to my next class, Emma hounded me with questions. 
“Emma, I have to get to chemistry. I’ll call you after work tonight around nine.”
“Fine, but don’t forget. If you don’t call me by nine thirty, I’m calling you,” I heard her yell as I rushed down the hall. 
I made it just in time. Taking my seat, I looked around for Andy. He was sitting on the other side of the class. Since I had handed in our work yesterday, we wouldn’t be pairing up today. I was a little disappointed. I wanted him to explain what he meant about Lucas and Logan. But I guessed it would remain a mystery since he was sitting three rows over. 

Work was so busy that my feet were killing me. Tuesday nights were cheap nights, and we were always packed.
When I got home, I was so tired I practically crawled into bed. My feet and legs ached from standing for hours. The soft mattress and warm blankets made me feel like I was wrapped inside a warm, soft cocoon. “Ahh,” I sighed as I snuggled into a comfortable position. The fresh smell of laundry soap on my sheets made it even more comforting.
I dialed Emma’s number. “Hello,” she answered. 
“Hi, I really can’t talk long, work was busy. I’m so exhausted I might fall asleep talking to you. What do you want to know?” 
“Are you serious, what do you think I want to know? Why do you think he likes me? And why do you think I like him?” Her voice was about two octaves higher than normal. 
I was really enjoying this. I should have done something about these two a long time ago. “Are you saying you don’t? What’s that?” I asked. There was a distant pounding coming from her end. 
“Just my sister, she wants the phone. Anyway, I’m not saying that, but why do you think so? Am I that obvious?” 
She was really stressing over this. “Look, I’m going to be honest here, even though I would love to string you along because I’m really having fun. I’m tired, though, so I’ll tell you that it is obvious, only to me, that you like each other. I have noticed it for a while, but it wasn’t my business.” The pounding got louder, and now was mixed with yelling.
There was a muffled scratching sound, and then nothing. “Hannah, if you don’t stop, I’m telling Mom and Dad when they get home!” Emma yelled from a distance. I heard footsteps and then the muffled sound again. “Sorry, my annoying sister is driving me nuts. Where were we? Right.” She answered her own question. “So what’s changed, why butt in now?” 
It was hard to focus on our conversation with all the interruptions. I had to remember my train of thought. “Because honestly, I think you would be great together and I want you to be happy.” 
There was silence on the other end of the phone, from Emma and from Hannah, who must have given up. Then I heard her sigh. “Do you really think he likes me that way?” 
I smiled; I had her. I could go to sleep soon. “Yes, I do.” 
I heard a little squeal on the other end. “Thank you for butting in.” 
“My pleasure, I’m hanging up now, I’ll see you tomorrow.” 
Even though I was very tired, I didn’t sleep well. I tossed and turned so much, I woke to find my blanket and sheet on the floor. I was curled up in a fetal position trying to keep warm. I didn’t know if I had a dream or not, but when I woke up, I could only remember a face…Logan’s. 






Chapter Three
Lucas

The rest of the week was much the same as always, with a few exceptions, Emma for one. After our talk, she seemed to flirt more with Derrick, and now he actually noticed, even returning the attention. Even though their budding romance had nothing to do with me, it was fun to watch. Between the hair tossing, eyelash batting, blushing, and giggling, their daily behavior was my new entertainment. 
The dreams of Logan continued to haunt me. It was a little unnerving dreaming of someone I didn’t particularly like. Thursday night I had a disturbing one about the two of us walking hand in hand, down a dark street. I sensed a presence behind us, and when I turned around, I glimpsed a hooded figure. With a blink, he was gone. I woke feeling tired and restless.

Friday night I had to work at the concession stand, which I hated. Usually by the time I got home, I was drenched in the stench of popcorn. Most people love the smell, but when you’re around it for hours, it stays with you. It gets stuck in your nose and replaces all other scents. And the constant sound of corn popping gets annoying after a while. I was in a bad mood all around before I even started work, and my lack of sleep the night before certainly didn’t help. 
When I held my hand out for a customer to place her money into it, I noticed Logan Tate standing in my line; it only added to my mood. As he moved closer to the front, I noticed he seemed different. His hair was a little longer, and he was dressed more casually, wearing a long-sleeve gray T-shirt and jeans. I thought he looked better, more approachable. Of course, I knew that this change wouldn’t improve his attitude. 
“Hi,” he said as he stepped to the front of the line. “I didn’t know you worked here.” His voice even sounded better. 
“Yep. What can I get you?” I was still annoyed with him about the pizza incident.
“Two large popcorns and two large sodas.” 
I nodded and turned around to fill his order. 
“Lucas!” someone yelled. “We’ll meet you in the theater.” 
We both glanced in the direction the voice came from, and there stood Kyle and Andy. 
I was so surprised that I almost shouted, “You’re Lucas?” 
He raised an eyebrow. “Yeah, who did you think you were talking to?” 
Still in shock, I answered him. “Your brother.” 
His expression turned from confusion to anger. “Sorry to disappoint you!” 
“I’m not disappointed,” I blurted, which caused my cheeks to heat up. 
He raised his eyebrows and gave me a cocky grin. 
“I didn’t mean that…I just meant…here’s your popcorn!” I practically threw it at him before spinning around to get his drinks. 
“Why did you think I was Logan?” he asked with a slight chuckle. He seemed to be enjoying my embarrassment. 
“Um…you’re not wearing glasses.” I placed his drinks on the counter and told him the total. 
Opening his wallet, he pulled out a twenty and handed it to me. “I only wear them at school.” 
I gave him his change and instead of leaving, he moved over, leaning against the wooden counter, his tousled hair falling into his eyes as he watched me. 
While I filled the next order, I turned my head to look at him. “Don’t you need them to see?” 
“I usually wear my contacts, but when Logan started acting like a jerk, I got tired of girls slapping me in the face.” I laughed. “You think that’s funny?” 
“Yes, I do. Does he get slapped too?” 
“Yeah, but now that I wear my glasses and dress differently, he gets the brunt of it.” 
I laughed again, placing a lid on the cup I had just filled. “Good, he deserves it.” 
He stood in silence, leaning on the counter absently tapping his fingers on the wooden top, while I filled orders. He didn’t seem to want to leave. 
“Is that why you don’t talk to anybody, because you’re afraid to get slapped?” I asked him, after handing another customer their order. 
He looked thoughtful for a moment. “I used to get blamed a lot for the way Logan acted, so it’s easier to stick with my own friends.” 
I felt sorry for him, and since I had no customers at the moment, I moved closer. “It must be hard, having him for a brother.” 
“It’s not so bad. He doesn’t act like that at home.” He glanced at me and our eyes locked. I always knew the color of his eyes was hazel, but now that I was this close, I could see flecks of gold in them. His gaze held, and for some reason, I didn’t want to look away. We stood on opposite sides of the counter, leaning toward each other.
“Excuse me, could we get some help? The service here really sucks.” Lucas and I jumped back guiltily. 
I looked over to where Emma and Derrick were grinning wickedly. They were standing in front of my cash register waiting to be served. I was so wrapped up in our conversation, I didn’t even hear them approach. 
Lucas cleared his throat. “Um…Sarah, I better get in there with the popcorn before Andy starts to gnaw on the seats.” He waved as he walked away, juggling all the food. He had an armload; I hoped he didn’t drop any of it. 
When I glanced back at my friends, they were still staring at me. “What?” 
Emma spoke first. “What were you talking to Lucas about?” 
“How did you know it was him? I thought he was Logan at first,” I said, wandering back over to stand in front of her. 
“Well, he does look like Logan without his glasses, but I doubt you’d be staring into his eyes.” 
I felt my face go hot again. “I was not.” 
Derrick laughed. “Oh yes you were.” 
“Order something or go away,” I said, only half kidding. 
They placed their order, still grinning at me. I poured their drinks and filled their popcorn in silence, listening to their banter. When I finished, I shoved their drinks at them, nearly sloshing soda on Derrick's black denim jacket.
“Are you going to tell me what you two were talking about or not?” Emma asked me after she took a sip from her drink. The straw squeaked as she moved it around the lid. 
“No, I’m not, I’m working. Now go enjoy your movie.” I waved them away. They laughed as they headed into the theater.
Since my shift was over in an hour, I wouldn’t see my friends come out, a fact that I was relieved about. I knew Emma wasn’t finished grilling me about Lucas.

At home, I watched a movie with my parents, a romantic comedy about a couple who met at a funeral. I guessed it was my mom’s pick, or we’d be watching a war movie. My dad was really into them. 
Alex was at a friend’s house, so it was just the three of us. I was lying on the soft blue suede couch with my feet on my mom’s legs. My dad was sitting on the black leather recliner on the other end of the couch. Both the sofa and the chair faced the big-screen TV my dad got for Christmas. 
The movie was good, but when it finished, I headed up to bed, where I replayed my conversation with Lucas. He wasn’t what I expected. From afar, he seemed aloof and antisocial. But the more time I spent with him, the more I thought he wasn’t really like that. And after our conversation tonight, I realized something else. The boy starring in my dreams almost every night wasn’t Logan…it was Lucas.






Chapter Four
Shopping

I started my homework the next morning so I'd have the rest of the weekend free. After that was done, I wanted to relax before I had to go to work for my one-to-seven shift. 
My mom poked her head through my open doorway as I was finishing up my algebra. “Hey, how about a girls’ day today, shopping, lunch, maybe a manicure?” 
It was extremely tempting, but of course, I couldn’t. “Sorry, Mom, I have to work at one o’clock, remember?” 
“Oh, that’s right. Well, we’ve got time for a little shopping and an early lunch. What do you say?” 
“I’ll be ready in fifteen minutes.” 

In the car, driving to the mall, my mom asked, “So what’s new at school?”
“Don’t you already know the answer to that?” 
“I’d know how your grades are, but not about your friends, or boyfriends,” she replied with a laugh as she stopped at a red light. 
I groaned. “Sorry, Mom, but I’m not interested in discussing boys with you.” A horn honked, and we both glanced in front of us to see that the light had turned green. 
“Oops,” she said as she pulled away. “Come on, I’m old, and I need to live vicariously through you. You have to give me something. Do you still have a crush on Martin?” 
I flushed with embarrassment. “No, and please stop.” I desperately wanted to end this conversation before it began, but when I saw her pouting, I decided to give her something. “Fine, but you’ll be disappointed with my love life. I think Derrick and Emma are going to get together.” I leaned over to change the radio station. 
“It’s about time. Who made the first move?” She slapped my hand away and turned it back to her easy listening channel.
“I did.” She raised one eyebrow but remained silent. “I got tired of all the flirting and the glances when the other one wasn’t looking. Plus, I think Derrick didn’t make a move because he didn’t want me to feel uncomfortable. I had to work last night, so I suggested they go to a movie without me. Since it was my idea, I’m obviously okay with it.” 
She smiled. “Pretty smooth, I’m impressed.” 
“Yeah, Derrick basically jumped at the idea, and offered to pick her up.” 
“Good, I’m glad, they’ll finally be happy. I saw all those dreamy looks they gave each other.” 
I laughed. “Yeah, I’m pretty sure the only ones that didn’t see it were Derrick and Emma.” 
We pulled into the busy parking lot, and my mom found a spot near the back. On Saturday, the mall was always busy, and today was no different. We weaved through the rows of cars, passing shoppers with their arms full of plastic bags. 
Once inside, we headed straight to the jewellery store. I picked out a silver rose ring. The tips of the petals were brushed with black, and it was so cool, I couldn’t wait to wear it. When I spotted a white gold necklace with a diamond star pendant, I knew it would be perfect for my mother. “Mom, come here, you have to buy this. It will look amazing on you.” I held it up for her. 
She put down a watch she was admiring and came over. 
“You're right, honey, it’s perfect.”
Now that we were set with jewellery, we moved onto clothing. 
My mom saw some nice tops in a store window that she said would look awesome on me, and when I tried them on, I had to agree. I bought the tops, and we each bought a dress. 
All of that shopping made us hungry, so we headed for a restaurant I had never been to before. It was kind of fancy, more my mom’s style than mine. She was paying, though, so I didn’t argue. 
The hostess looked familiar. She was about my age, maybe younger, with light blonde hair, pretty blue eyes, and freckles. I thought she went to my school, but I didn’t know her name. We followed her to a table by the window, where there was a lovely view of the mall parking lot.
After we were seated, we talked a little. Mom was relating some gossip about a teacher. And of course, she wouldn’t tell me who. 
The waiter approached from behind me, and when I heard his voice, I looked up. “Good afternoon, here are your menus.” He stopped speaking when he noticed me. “Oh hi, are you following me?” asked a very surprised Lucas. 
I was just as shocked as he was. “No, I had no idea you worked here. My mom brought me.” 
“I guess we have more to learn about each other.” His words seemed to shock him. His eyes went wide and he muttered, “Oh God, um…would you like some drinks while you look at the menu?” Even though he was speaking to the two of us, he didn’t make eye contact, looking everywhere but at us. 
My mother smirked at me and then turned her attention to Lucas. “Sure, I’ll have a glass of white wine. Sarah, what do you want?” 
I blinked at her, suddenly feeling uncomfortable. “I’ll have a cola.” Why was my mouth suddenly so dry?
He nodded and walked away. 
I took a sip of my water to quench my thirst, and read the menu, refusing to look at my mom. 
“Someone has a crush on you,” she said in a singsong voice, not looking up from her menu. 
“Don’t start.” The last thing I wanted was to talk about Lucas and have him overhear us. 
“Don’t start what? I don’t know what you’re referring to.” Her face took on a look of pure innocence. Yeah, right. “Wasn’t that Lucas Tate? He looks better without his glasses, don’t you think?” 
“Mother, be quiet, if he hears you, I will kill you,” I whispered. “So anyway,” I said louder, trying to change the subject. “Emma called my cell phone while you were trying on dresses. She said she had a great time last night and that Derrick held her hand during the movie. Isn’t that cool?” I didn’t wait for her answer, just continued to prattle on. “What are you going to order? I think I’m going to have the club wrap and a tossed salad.” 
“You’re babbling, you only babble when you’re embarrassed. Wow, your face is really red.” She was starting to irritate me, so I scowled at her. “And I’m done, I won’t tease you anymore,” she said, grinning. I heard her whisper something that sounded like, “This is so much fun.” 
I looked up at her, about to tell her to be quiet, until I noticed how pretty she looked. I had often thought she was, with her long, wavy, honey-blonde hair and her bright blue eyes, but when she smiled, her dimples came out, and her face brightened. When I was a kid, I used to think she was the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. She might have aged some since then, but when she smiled, I felt like that little girl again, gazing up at her mom. I hoped to look half as good when I was her age. In spite of the fact that she was having fun at my expense, I smiled at her.
Lucas came back with our drinks and took our order. He didn’t say anything other than what he had to. 
It didn’t take long for him to return with our lunch. 
“How was the movie last night, Lucas?” I asked him as he placed my lunch in front of me. 
He looked relieved that I broke the tension. “It was really good, I love action movies. Have you seen it yet?” 
“No, I don’t go to the movies that much. I like to stay away from work when I don’t have to be there.” Feeling restless, I started jiggling the silverware. My mother frowned at me as my knife and spoon clanged together noisily.
He nodded. “That makes sense. Do you work tonight?” 
“This afternoon at one o’clock, right after we’re done here.” 
“Yeah, but she only works until seven,” my mom added, after taking a sip of her wine. Could she be more obvious? “So Lucas, how’s your mother? I haven’t seen her in a while.” 
“She’s good. She and my father just got back from a small vacation.”
“That’s great, where did they go?”
“New York, but just for a long weekend.” 
 “Oh, that sound’s nice, I would love to go and see a play. Did they get to see one on their trip?” 
“Yeah, but I don’t remember which one though. I’m not really into plays.” His feet shifted back and forth.
“I love them. Sarah, we should go to one someday, what do you think?” My mother peered at me over the flowered centerpiece.
“Sure, Mom, sounds fun,” I mumbled, leaning my elbow on the table with my hand resting on my forehead, wanting her to shut up and let Lucas leave. 
“Well, enjoy your meals,” he said before walking away and heading to another table. 
“You have good taste. I like him better than his brother. He’s never in my office.” 
I groaned. God this was so horrible. “Let’s eat.” I started to stuff my face to discourage conversation. 
When we were finished, my mom paid, leaving a generous tip. I waved to Lucas and practically ran out of the restaurant. 
“You do realize I’m never going out to eat with you again,” I said as I walked quickly ahead of her through the mall. Behind me, I could hear the sound of her laughter and the click of her heels on the floor. 

I dropped my mom off at home and then drove to work. It was a nice, warm, sunny day. But since I had to be indoors for the next six hours the weather was wasted on me. 
I was selling tickets today with a new guy named Zack, who started last week. He was friendly and good-looking, with light brown hair, brown eyes, and a crooked nose. He went to a different high school, one that was closer to where he lived. 
As we worked, we chatted, and when I found out we were the same age, we compared notes on the kids in our schools; it helped to pass the time. 

At home during dinner, my father and brother teased me about the boy my mom said had a crush on me. Oh, she was really going to pay. “Mom, he doesn’t like me. Just last week he wouldn’t even talk to me. When he did, he was rude.” I scraped the last of the spaghetti off of my plate.
“Well, I guess he changed his mind. I can tell when someone’s interested, and it wasn’t just coming from him.” She grinned at me over her wine glass.
“That’s enough, Maggie. She’ll never talk to you if you keep teasing her,” my dad said, giving me a wink. 
After I cleared my plate and glass, I leaned against my mom’s chair, glaring at her. 
“Fine, I’m sorry, Sarah. I won’t tease you anymore, today anyway.” She laughed.
“Mother!” I started to protest, but she cut me off.
“I’m kidding. I’ll try not to bug you. I promise.” She gave me a hug; I had learned a long time ago there was no point in fighting it because she’d just hold on tighter. 
“Fine, as long as you’re really going to stop,” I said when she finally released me from her grip. “Emma’s going to stay the night, okay?” Without waiting for an answer, I left the kitchen. I heard them yell it was fine as I headed up the stairs and into my room. I turned on my stereo to listen to my favorite CD and grabbed the book I was reading. After about an hour, I was really getting into the plot. 
Emma came in and interrupted me. She was carrying a bag of dill pickle chips, my favourite, and two sodas. “Should we watch a movie then gossip the rest of the night, or head straight to the gossiping?” She dropped the chips on the bed in front of me and handed me my soda; the can was cold in my hand.
I grinned. “Gossip, definitely.” 
We ate junk food and talked late into the night. I had a blast. This was one of the parts of our friendship we couldn’t include Derrick in; he was too much of a guy for this. Emma went into detail about her night with Derrick. They hadn’t kissed yet, but she was sure it would happen soon. 

We fell asleep around one or two in the morning; I was too tired to notice. 
I was in my backyard, slow dancing in the moonlight. I was so at peace and happy. I’d never felt like this before. I didn’t know who I was dancing with, and I was afraid to look up, as if the movement would ruin the mood. We danced for a while, his warm, gentle hands softly rubbing my back, my arms around his broad shoulders. He lifted his head, which was leaning on mine as I looked up at him. Lucas smiled down at me, his hazel eyes twinkling in the moonlight, and said very softly, “I love you, Katie.” I jerked awake, sitting up in bed. Emma’s head lifted, and she squinted at me with sleep-filled eyes. “What?” she whispered. 
“Nothing, go back to sleep.” 
She closed her eyes, and I lay back down, but couldn’t go back to sleep. Why was I dreaming of him and why did he call me Katie? 

I must have dosed off sometime later because when I opened my eyes it was daylight. A quick glance at my watch told me that it was ten o’clock. I loved sleeping in on Sundays. 
“What time is it?” mumbled the lump under the covers. I sat up and kicked the large bulge of blankets. “Ow.”
I laughed. “Ten o’clock, wake up.”
She crawled out of the bed and stumbled behind me downstairs.

“So, are you coming to lunch with Derrick and me or not?” Emma asked between bites of pancake, which was so saturated with syrup, I had no idea how she could taste it. My mom had already left for a visit at Derrick’s mom’s house, so I made breakfast, watching Emma hold her head up with her arm, still very tired.
“Do you want more syrup? I see one spot that isn’t soaked.” 
She stuck her tongue out at me. “Shut up and answer the question.” 
I thought about it. “No, I’m going to stay here and have a lazy day.” 
She smiled, no doubt thinking of an afternoon alone with Derrick. “Suit yourself. Okay, I’m done eating now. I’m going to use your shower; he’ll be here in an hour. Can I borrow that cute blue dress you bought yesterday?”
“How did you know I bought a dress? I forgot to show you.”
“I peeked in your closet last night when you were in the bathroom. So can I, please?” she begged, clasping her hands together like she was praying.
I laughed. “Fine, I haven’t even worn it yet, but knock yourself out.” I took a bite of my pancake, savoring the sweet maple taste of the syrup.
She jumped up and down. “Yeah!”
“But I want it back tomorrow,” I said after swallowing.
“I promise,” I heard her say faintly, since she was already at the top of the stairs. 
I finished my breakfast and then put our dishes in the dishwasher. 

While Emma was in the bathroom getting ready, I picked up my book and started to read again.
“God, I hate my hair,” I heard her mumble from the open doorway of my bathroom. I laughed softly to myself. She had no idea how pretty she was, and it was mostly because of her red hair. But every time I tried to tell her that, she ignored me.
She shut the door to the bathroom so the hair dryer wouldn’t disturb me, and I started to read again. I was in the middle of a chapter when someone knocked on my door. “Is everyone decent?” Derrick asked.
“Yeah, come on in.” I tossed my book aside and sat up, leaning against my pillows.
“Hey,” he said, walking into my room. The bed squeaked as he sat on the edge, looking down at my T-shirt and yoga pants. “Why aren’t you ready to go?” He looked genuinely curious, as though he really wanted me to go with them. 
“I don’t feel like it. I thought you guys could use some privacy.” 
He frowned, raising an eyebrow. “So, how did you know?” was all he said, knowing I would understand him.
“That you and Emma liked each other?” I asked, and he nodded.
“Well, I have known you since birth, I know you better than my own brother. Emma and I haven’t been friends quite as long, but since kindergarten, I could pretty much guess what she was thinking.” 
 My parents had been friends with Derrick’s parents since college. My mom and Derrick’s mom were inseparable, so when we were born, we had no choice but to follow in their footsteps. We grew up together; he was like a brother my own age. One I actually liked to hang out with. 
He gave me a thoughtful look and then said softly, “You are the best friend I have ever had, and I don’t want anything to ruin that, so if this bugs you at all, tell me.” 
I leaned toward him, grabbed his hand, and gave it a squeeze. “You’ve been holding back because of me. No, don’t deny it,” I added when he shook his head. “I want you both to be happy, and what kind of friend would I be if I didn’t let that happen? So what I am trying to say is, go for it, seriously.” We smiled at each other. “Well, that’s enough mushy stuff for one day, don’t you think?” 
“Oh yeah,” he replied, throwing a pillow at me. 
Emma finally finished, and they were headed out the bedroom door when she turned and came back in. “Who’s David?” 
I frowned at her. “I have no idea who you’re talking about.” 
“I went to the bathroom last night, and when I got back in bed you were mumbling the name David.” 
I didn’t know I talked in my sleep. “I was? That is so weird; I don’t know anyone by that name.” 
She shrugged her shoulders, smiled, grabbed Derrick, and took off. 
I lay back down on my bed. I knew I dreamed of someone, but it was Lucas, not somebody named David. 






Chapter Five
Shadow

After a good dreamless sleep I felt rested. 
I even arrived at school on time, shocking my friends, whom I walked with from the parking lot. I did notice that they drove together in Derrick’s car. 
“So how was lunch yesterday?” I asked as we headed into the school. 
They both smiled like they had a secret. “Great,” they said in unison. 
“So in translation, I’ll have to wait to get Emma alone before I get any juicy details.” 
She beamed at me, eyes shining. “Exactly.” We all laughed and headed for our separate lockers. 
In my first class, I turned around and stared at Derrick. “So did you kiss her yet?”
He looked a little smug. “Well, you did say to go for it, didn’t you?” His grin spread across his face.
“Good for you,” I said as Miss Reynolds started the class. I turned around and listened to her lead a discussion on Jane Austen’s Pride and Prejudice, the book we were to begin reading. 
After class, I walked with Derrick down the hall, but separated at my locker. 
He had next period with Emma, so he had a big smile on his face as he rushed away.
In music class, we partnered up and practiced the new piece. I worked with Hannah Smith, who played the violin. The two instruments sounded good together, and I couldn’t wait until tomorrow when the whole class played. 

The cafeteria at lunch was always noisy. Get a couple hundred teenagers in one place, and there’s bound to be yelling, laughter, and sometimes food fights. Today wasn’t bad, but there was a buzz of conversations in all directions in the large lunchroom. The smell of grease and tomato sauce filled the air. We were sitting at our usual table, and today Derrick’s friends Pete and Cory joined us. 
I had just taken a bite of my tuna sandwich when I heard Pete say, “So Sarah, since these two are finally dating”—he pointed to Derrick and Emma—“how about you and I go out sometime?” 
I looked up from my book and gulped down the bite of sandwich. Sometimes I took a book to lunch, and with the extra male conversations that involved sports and girls, I needed it today. 
Derrick, who was about to take a bite of his bologna sandwich, froze with his mouth open. His eyes darted to me, and I knew he could read my panicked thoughts. He set his sandwich down and smiled. “Oh please, Peter, Sarah is way too good for you,” he said with a laugh. “What happened to Carrie, or was it Michelle?” 
Peter gave Derrick an arrogant smile and leaned back in his chair. “I have room in my life for all of them. So Sarah, what do you say?” 
Thank God for Derrick. I knew he’d know that I wasn’t the least bit interested in Pete. He was a very nice guy, and with his light blond wavy hair and blue eyes, he was quite a catch. But he was a little bit of a ladies’ man. Like he said, he usually dated more than one girl at a time, and that just wasn’t for me.
“Although it is tempting to become a member of your harem, I think I’ll pass.”
Peter placed his hand over his heart, acting like I had hurt him, making everyone laugh. 
“Hey, Pete, did you know Sarah and Emma had a sleepover on Saturday?” Derrick suddenly asked. I glanced at Derrick, wondering why he would bring that up. Why would Pete care? 
Pete smiled. “You did? So who won the pillow fight?” he asked, looking over at Emma and me. We were sitting next to each other. 
Emma and I exchanged confused glances. “What pillow fight?” Emma asked. 
“You know. When girls have sleepovers, they always have pillow fights.” 
We stared at him in disbelief. He was smiling, waiting for our answer. Derrick and Cory were laughing, nudging each other. 
I glanced at Derrick to explain. “Pete thinks that girls have pillow fights in sexy lingerie when they have sleepovers,” Derrick said, filling us in.
“They do, I’ve seen it in movies,” Pete said, defending himself.
I laughed. “In the movies maybe, but not in real life. I hate to break it to you, but I wear flannel pants and a tank top to bed. And I have never had a pillow fight.” 
He looked stricken. “Are you sure? Maybe it’s just you?” 
“Sorry, I don’t know any girl who has.” 
He pouted, looking down into his can of soda. The expression on his face resembled a child that had just been told there’s no Santa. The conversation was a little noisy then, and Derrick and Cory started giving Pete a hard time. 
There was a loud clatter behind us. We turned in the direction of the noise. 
Logan and his friends were laughing at Bobby Thornton, who was holding a tray with half his lunch on it, the other half at his feet. “Looks like Logan strikes again. Isn’t it hilarious to knock someone’s food on the floor?” Cory asked dryly. 
“What a douche bag,” Emma mumbled from beside me. “Oh look, Sarah.” She pointed at Lucas, who was walking toward Bobby from his table to help him pick up his food. She leaned over to whisper in my ear, “Isn’t that sweet?” 
I nodded but didn’t say anything. The truth was, the more I saw of Lucas, the more I realized how wrong I had been about him. It made me feel things that I didn’t want to feel. Of course, the dreams didn’t help either. But I was learning that Lucas was a good guy.
In history class, Lucas stopped at my desk on the way to his. “So how was work Saturday?” He leaned against Wally Martin’s desk, which was next to mine. 
“Fine, how was the rest of your shift?” 
He chuckled. “Not bad, I didn’t embarrass myself once.” I knew he was referring to his words about us getting to know each other better, and since thinking about it made butterflies appear in my stomach, I just grinned at him. 
At a loss for words, I picked up my pen and twirled it around on my book, feeling the need to do something with my hands.
Mr. Henderson came in and told everyone to take their seats. Lucas smiled and went to his desk just before Wally sat down.
I peeked at Emma, who sat on the other side of me, and was not surprised to see her grinning at me from ear to ear. 

I had to work after school. It was slow on Mondays, so the clock ticked by at an extremely slow pace. I was ripping tickets today, a job I worked at alone. 
At break time, I was in the small kitchen having a bottle of water and a hot dog. The room consisted of a sink, a microwave, a vending machine, and an old fridge. I was sitting at one of the two tables in the room. The room wasn’t exactly pretty, but it did the job. There was a chair I could sit on and rest my feet, and that was all that mattered. 
Marcy Becker walked in just as I was taking a bite of my hot dog; juice from the wiener fell onto my pants. I rubbed the spot with a tissue, thankful that the pants were black. 
“Hey, Sarah, have you worked with the new guy?” Marcy asked as she plugged change into the vending machine and chose an iced tea. She was a grade lower than me, but we went to the same school. She was tall, though, so you couldn’t really tell she was younger. Her long black hair, milky skin, and gray eyes attracted a few boys from our school; they would hang around the theater while she worked. She’d been here about six months. 
I swallowed the bite of hot dog that I was chewing and answered, “You mean Zack? Yeah, last week on sales.” 
She sat down beside me and opened her drink, tossing the lid onto the table. “I worked with him the night he started, he seems nice enough.” She glanced around to make sure we were alone. “Did you know him before he started here?” 
“No, why?”
She looked uncomfortable with what she was about to say. “Well, the first night he worked with Susan, she was training him.” Susan was our assistant manager. “She introduced us, and told him what school I went to, and that a few of us went there. When she mentioned your name, he looked like he recognized it.” 
 I didn’t know what she was getting at. “So,” I encouraged her. She seemed reluctant to continue. 
Again she looked around the room and tapped the tabletop with her fingers nervously. “Well, we had a break together that night, and he was asking questions about you. I thought it was a little weird, since you hadn’t met yet.” 
I had to admit it was a bit strange. “What kind of questions did he ask?” 
“Oh, just what grade you were in, how old you were, and this is a bit odd since he’d never met you, but…he asked if you were seeing anyone.” She gave me a guilty look and added, “I said no, is that okay? I didn’t know what to say.” 
I gave her a small smile. “No, it’s fine, but it is kind of strange.” 
“I know, right? After that, he seemed normal. I worked with him on the weekend, and he was fun to work with.” 
I was a little stunned and didn’t know what to say next. Marcy looked at her watch. “Crap. I’ve kept you in here talking so long, I think your break is up.” 
I glanced at the clock. “Yep, I’ll see you later.” Hurrying out the door, I went back to work. 

The rest of the night went by faster, since I was in kind of a daze. Why would Zack ask those questions before he even met me? I could see if I was the only name mentioned, but Marcy said Susan had named all the kids who worked here that went to Hamilton High. She also said he acted like he recognized my name, although we had never met until last week. 
It became very busy, so I pushed the new guy to the back of my mind and focused on work. 
When my shift finally ended, I headed out to my car where I parked it in the lot beside the building. As I was walking through the quiet lot, I heard a noise. It sounded like a bottle being kicked. I turned around to see if anyone was there, but all I saw were empty cars. Awareness crept over me, and all the hairs on my neck stood on end. I stood still, holding my breath for a couple of seconds, listening. The only sounds I heard were the distant cry from a cat, and cars whizzing by on the highway. “Hello, is anybody there?” I called quietly. No one answered. I took a few deep breaths to try to calm myself. 
When that didn’t work, I ran the rest of the way to my car. I started the engine and took off, going faster than I needed to. Man, I was freaked. I just wanted to get home. I couldn’t shake the feeling I had when I was in the parking lot, the feeling of being watched.
I pulled in my driveway still a little anxious, so this time I didn’t hesitate. I just ran to the house and through the door. 
“Hey, honey, how was work?” my dad asked me from behind. I was standing with my hand on the door handle. 
I turned around. “Um, kind of slow. I’m tired, though, good night.” I started to walk past him, but he held his arm out to block my path. 
“What’s wrong? You look upset.” 
“Nothing’s wrong, I just had a long night.” When he didn’t look convinced I added, “I swear.” 
“Okay, but if you need to talk, let me know.” 
“Dad!” Alex called from the living room. “Are you bringing the chips or not?” 
Dad looked at me with a guilty expression. “We’re playing video games, want to join? It’s been awhile since I whipped your butt.” 
I smiled, cheered a little by my father’s childish hobbies. “No thanks, I really am tired, I’m going to bed.” I turned, walking toward the stairs, and then stopped. “Oh, where’s Mom?” 
“She’s at a staff meeting at school, she’ll be late.” 
“Tell her that I said good night.” 
I turned back and headed up to my room, where I changed into a tank top and yoga pants and then climbed into bed, too restless to do anything else. Of course I couldn’t fall asleep, though, simply tossing and turning until I eventually drifted off. 

I was in the backyard with Lucas again. We were in the moonlight, dancing as usual, his strong arms wrapped around me, giving me warmth. I held a single red rose in my hand, a gift from him. Just as I raised the bud to my nose, breathing in its scent, I heard the squeak of the gate opening. I glanced over his shoulder and saw someone running towards Lucas with a butcher knife in his hand. “NOOOO!” I screamed, but it did nothing to stop the hooded man as he thrust the knife deep into Lucas’ back. It was too late to save him. 
Lucas lay in my arms, staring up at me with dead eyes as I clenched the now crushed rose in my hand.






Chapter Six
Panic

I woke up screaming, to the feeling of someone rubbing my back. “It’s okay, Sarah, it’s only a dream.” It was my mother, speaking to me in gentle tones. She held me until I calmed down. Her warm embrace used to soothe me when I was a child, but this wasn’t a scraped knee or a failed grade. Honestly, I wasn’t sure what was going on. I just knew she couldn’t help me.
When the tremors that had overtaken me subsided, I pulled away. “I’m fine now, Mom.”
Her narrowed eyes and raised eyebrow told me that she didn’t believe me. “Are you sure? I could hear you screaming from the kitchen, I just got home. What were you dreaming about?” 
The idea of repeating the horrible nightmare made my chest ache. However, saying the words out loud might diminish the fear that was creeping inside, and that was the only reason I took a deep breath and began my tale. “It was weird, I was dreaming of a guy from school who I hardly know. He’s been in my mind most nights for the last few weeks, and I don’t know why. Tonight it was the same one I’ve had before, but this time he was killed and died in my arms. It felt so real.” I was wrong—saying the words didn’t help. My heart sped up as I pictured Lucas’ dead eyes and pale white face.
My mom looked sympathetic. “Oh honey, that’s awful, but you know it was just a dream, right?” She touched my cheek lovingly, and again her soft touch did nothing to ease my mind. “Who was it?” 
I pulled away from her. “I’d rather not say. What time is it anyway?” 
“Midnight. You have the rest of the night to have happy dreams.” She smiled, obviously trying to cheer me up. I returned the smile so she’d think she had helped. I didn’t feel any better, but she didn’t have to know that.
“Thanks, Mom. I’m much better now.”
“I’m glad, honey. Good night.” She kissed my cheek and turned out the light as she closed the door behind her. 
Still feeling a little anxious, I picked up my book, turned the light back on, and read for a while. 
My sudden exhaustion overpowered my uneasiness. I put the book away and lay down, hoping I could get back to sleep. Closing my eyes, I hoped for blackness. Instead, I saw Lucas’ lifeless eyes staring at me; I could even feel the stem of the rose in my hand. I tried to think of something cheery to help get rid of the vision in my mind, but nothing worked. I sighed heavily, turned over, and stared at my CD collection, silently counting the titles. 

I must have finally fallen asleep, because the next thing I knew, my mom was knocking on the door, telling me to get up for school. 
I sat up in bed, feeling like crap. I didn’t know what time it was when I finally fell asleep, but the last time I remember looking at the clock, it was three a.m. So needless to say, I was tired, and I felt troubled about the dream. 
I stood in the shower with the hot water pouring over me. The water splashing on my face woke me up a bit, but I felt weak from lack of sleep. 
When I finished washing my body, I climbed out of the shower. I wiped the steam from the mirror with my hand and stared at my reflection. The face in the glass looked hollow and pale, with dark circles under the eyes. I didn’t recognize this girl; it would take more than makeup to fix my face this morning. All I wanted to do was to climb back under my soft, welcoming blankets. 
The image of a wilted rose entered my mind, stopping that urge. Brushing and drying my hair was a challenge for my weak arms. I finished getting dressed, hardly noticing what clothes I chose, or if they even matched, and only applied the bare minimum of makeup before heading downstairs. 
“Sarah, you better hurry up, I’m leaving, and you’re going to—” My mom stopped mid-sentence when she saw me. She was wearing a black skirt and matching jacket, and her hair was pulled back in a twist. She tucked a loose hair behind her ear as she assessed my appearance. “You look awful honey, are you sick?” 
I felt awful. “No, just tired.” 
She didn’t look convinced. “If you want to stay home, you can.” 
My stomach dropped. “No!” I yelled. Fear clawed at my chest at the thought of staying home. She backed up, surprised as much as I was at my reaction. “I…mean no. I have to go to school, I…I’m fine,” I stammered, wondering why I had acted so frightened at the idea of staying home.
She glanced at her watch. “I have to go, or I’ll be late. If you change your mind about staying home, let me know. Alex left with a friend already. I’ll see you later.” She said all that as she was running for her car. I really didn’t feel like going to school, but for some reason I needed to be there. 

Walking to my car twenty minutes later, I noticed the weather reflected how I felt. It was overcast and chilly. There was no rain, but a wet mist hovered in the air—so much for a sunny day to help cheer me up. I hugged myself, pulling my leather coat closer to keep the chill away. 
When I arrived at school, the anxious feeling I woke up with still lingered. I climbed out of my car, walking slowly into the building and then to my locker, all the while scanning the crowded halls for a familiar head of brown shaggy hair. 
In music class the whole group practiced Miss Fitzgerald’s original piece. I made a few mistakes, which was frustrating because only yesterday I had it down perfectly. When class was dismissed, Miss Fitzgerald called me to her desk as the rest of the kids filed out to go to lunch. 
I stood silently in front of her, waiting for her to speak as she stuffed papers into a drawer. She finally closed it and glanced up at me. “Are you feeling all right, Sarah? You look a little pale.” 
“I’m tired, that’s all. I’ll do better tomorrow,” I said apologetically. 
She scoffed. “Don’t be ridiculous. I know you can do it; I’m just concerned for you. Why don’t you go home if you’re not feeling well?” 
I panicked. “I’m fine, the day’s already half over, I’ll be okay. Is that all?” I was hoping to leave before she insisted I go home. For some reason, the thought of leaving filled me with dread.
“Well, if you change your mind, don’t worry about your school work, just go. You can catch up later.”
“Thanks, Miss Fitzgerald. See you tomorrow.” I rushed out of the classroom before she could change her mind. It wasn’t my schoolwork keeping me here; it was something else. I just didn’t know what that was. 
At lunch, my friends kept telling me how bad I looked and that I should go home. I was getting tried of hearing it. 
In history class, I looked over to where Lucas sat, but his chair was empty. Alarm bells went off inside my head. Where was he? Mr. Henderson came in and started his lesson. I glanced at Emma and whispered, “Where’s Lucas?” 
“I heard he was sick, why do you want to know?” she smirked. I wasn’t in the mood for teasing. 
“Just curious,” I said, looking straight ahead at the chalkboard. 

At home after school, I felt restless. And nothing seemed to soothe me. Doing homework or reading didn’t interest me. I thought music would help, but when I put my new CD on, it just made me feel jumpy. There was only one thing that usually helped soothe my nerves when I felt this way. So I headed to the basement rec room. If it didn’t work, nothing could. 
I sat down on the stool and placed my hands on the piano keys, They were cold and bumpy against my palm when I swept my hand over them. A loud tinkle of notes erupted in the small room, echoing like an explosion of bells in an empty church. I closed my eyes to listen. There was nothing I enjoyed more than the sound of a piano in perfect tune. 
I played my favorite song, trying to lose myself in the music. Next I played the new piece for music class. Screwing up on the ending, I decided today wasn’t the day to practice. I was too preoccupied with playing the dream over and over in my head, and since the song was new to me, playing it on instinct proved difficult. I couldn’t shake this uneasy feeling, so I gave up trying. 

Back in my room, I lay on my bed, staring up at the dirt splotch looking for answers. I wished I had Lucas’ phone number. I needed to know that he was all right. That was my problem all day; after my dream last night I had to see him. That’s why I needed to go to school, and why I was anxious all morning, waiting to see him at lunch. When he wasn’t there, I thought for sure he would be in history class. After he didn’t show up, I panicked, feeling like a scared cat with its claws out clinging to a screen door for dear life. Only for me when I couldn’t find him, I had nothing to cling to. 
Should I call him? Yeah, right, what was I supposed to say? I only had a couple of conversations with the guy, and I didn’t think we were at the calling stage. What would I even say? “Oh Lucas, I’m just calling to make sure you’re not dead. See you at school.” Yeah, right, I’m not crazy. Or I could go with, “I’ve been dreaming of you and in the last one I had, you died in my arms. It freaked me out, so I just wanted to make sure you were okay.” Yeah, sign me up for a straightjacket. I just needed sleep, I thought, then I’d calm down. I closed my eyes and waited to fall under. It didn’t work. Instead, Lucas’ vacant eyes looked back at me. 
I lay there until my mom called me for supper. 

Sitting in my chair at the table, I picked at my food. I didn’t have much of an appetite, but I ate the macaroni casserole my mom made, not really tasting it, while the conversation went on around me. 
“You’re quiet, Sarah. Is there something wrong?” my dad asked between bites. 
“Yeah, I’m tired, and I don’t really feel like talking.” I gulped the last bite and shoved away from the table. “I’m finished eating. I’m going to go back to my room if that’s all right?” 
My mom and dad exchanged questioning glances, and then my mom answered, “Sure, honey.” 
I was putting my dishes in the dishwasher when the phone rang.
“Sarah, could you get that?” my mom shouted from the dining room. 
“Sure,” I said, grabbing the phone off of the end table. “Hello.” 
“Is Sarah home?” a deep voice asked. 
“This is Sarah.” 
“Oh hi, it’s Lucas. Is it okay that I’m calling?” 
Relief washed over me like a tidal wave. “Yeah, sure.” I headed upstairs to my room, taking the phone with me. In the kitchen, I could hear my mom and dad arguing with Alex about something. I really didn’t care. I had my own problems. 
I fell onto my bed, my weight making the pillows bounce. “What’s up?” 
“I was sick today, and I don’t want to get behind in class, so I was wondering if I could borrow your notes. You’re the only one I’ve spoken to in history. If you don’t want to lend them to me, I could ask Mr. Henderson.” 
I smiled to myself. That’s what happens when you only talk to a few people in school. You might feel a little weird asking someone you don’t know for a favor. “Sure, no problem, there wasn’t much today anyway. If you want, I could give them to you at lunch, it shouldn’t take you long to copy them.” 
“Sounds good. If you could bring them to the cafeteria, I’ll pick them up and copy them while I eat.”
“All right. So you’re feeling better then?” I asked, playing with the zipper from the hoodie I was wearing.
“Yeah, I think it was a twenty-four-hour thing. It started yesterday at work, and I had to go home. I guess my manager didn’t like the idea of my throwing up on the customers.”
“Well, it’s not very good customer service.” 
He laughed. “When do you work next?” 
It sounded like he was trying to make conversation. “I work Wednesday and Saturday, same shift as last week, you?”
“I have to work Thursday night and Saturday until five. I hate working Saturday nights, so I always work the day shift. I’m in good with the owners, so it works out.” 
“Who owns it?” 
“My parents.”
“Oh, I feel stupid. You know, I didn’t even notice the name when my mom took me there last week.”
“Sabour. It’s my mom’s maiden name.”
“That’s a cool name. I should probably get off the phone though. I still have to do my homework, unlike some people.”
“Yeah, I’ll just have to do double tomorrow. I’ll see you at school. Have a good night, Sarah.”
“You too, Lucas.” I hung up in a much better mood.
It took me the rest of the night to finish my homework and afterward I went to bed early. Because of my restless night I could barely keep my eyes open. 

As I shut the door to my car the next morning in the school parking lot, Emma came up beside me. “You look much better today.” 
I smiled. “I feel much better too. I was just tired and cranky; I didn’t sleep well the night before.” We came up to the front doors and walked right through; Jeff Lewis held it open, winking at Emma. 
We were almost to my locker when I noticed Derrick wasn’t tagging along behind us. “Where’s Derrick?” I asked, surprised he wasn’t with Emma. They’d been joined at the hip since their first date. 
“He’s sick, some kind of flu, he was throwing up all last night. It was so gross.” She scrunched up her face and made a gagging sound. Apparently it was contagious, first Lucas and now Derrick. 
“Eww. I hope he’s okay.”
“He’ll be fine; I heard it was a bug going around.” She didn’t seem too concerned.
“I’ll see you at lunch, Emma,” I said, heading to my first class. It was very quiet without Derrick there, but since we had a movie, he didn’t miss much.

At lunch, I sat at our usual table in the cafeteria, reading and waiting for Emma. She was late, which was weird since she was always the first one here. “Are you hiding from someone?” asked a deep voice. I could smell some kind of sweet, spicy scent.
I was hunched in my chair with my book leaning up on the table, my head leaning over it. “I’m reading, ever heard of it?” I smiled, looking up into the deep hazel eyes of one of the two best-looking guys in school. 
“Nope, never.” Lucas sat down beside me and placed his lunch and history book on the table in front of him. We smiled at each other, remembering one of our first conversations. Why did I feel so comfortable with him?
 “Where’s Emma?” 
I was about to answer him when Andy sat on the chair across from mine. “Hey, are we eating here today?” he asked, looking at Lucas. 
“Are we?” Lucas glanced at me. 
“You might as well; you won’t have to bring me my book back when you’re finished with it.” I bent down to pull my notebook out of my bag and handed it to him. 
Andy grinned at us, his green eyes lit up with humor. “Cool.” He took his lunch out of his backpack and placed it on the table.
My cell phone rang. I reached in my bag to answer it. “Hello?” 
“Sarah, I’m so sorry I left without telling you. But I almost heaved on my desk in math class,” Emma said roughly.
“You left?”
“Yes, I just got home. Are you going to be okay by yourself? Who’s that?” She must have heard Lucas and Andy yelling to Kyle. He was standing in front of their usual table, holding a tray of food, looking a bit lost. 
“Um…Lucas and Andy.” I heard a squeal. 
“Oh, I shouldn’t have done that, I gotta go. Bye.” She hung up. I didn’t want to know what she was doing. 
“Hey, why are we sitting here?” Kyle asked when he sat down beside Andy, who was grinning wickedly, looking back and forth between Lucas and me. 
“Lucas is borrowing Sarah’s history notes, right, Luke?” Andy answered, wiggling his eyebrows, pale blond hair falling into his eyes. 
“Yes, and I want to copy them before class starts so shut up.” Lucas leaned over his book, scribbling quickly. 
Kyle started talking to Andy about a project they had together in geography, so I took a bite of my sandwich. 
“Where are Emma and Derrick?” Andy asked. 
I swallowed and then replied, “Derrick has the flu so he’s sick today and Emma just went home with the same thing.” 
“If it’s what I had, they should be fine by tomorrow,” Lucas said, in between bites of his sandwich. 
Andy was grinning at us again. “So Sarah, you should come out with us Saturday night, we’re going to a party my cousin’s having. Shouldn’t she, Luke?” He finished off his sandwich by stuffing the rest of it in his mouth. 
Lucas stared at Andy coldly. “I don’t think Sarah would be into it. Your cousin's parties can get kind of wild.” 
Lucas’ reaction surprised me. He hardly knew me, and yet he seemed to be watching out for me. “I have to work Saturday night anyway.” They didn’t need to know that I was off at seven. 
“Maybe next time,” Andy mumbled with his mouth still full of food. He swallowed and turned to Kyle again, while Lucas copied my notes. 
I picked up my book and began to read. 
“Well, you two are boring. Lunch is almost over. Andy, do you want to go see what Laurie and Amanda are up to?” Kyle asked Andy, running his hand through his thick brown hair. 
“Sure, see you later, guys.” Andy stood up and started walking toward Laurie and Amanda’s table, over by the window. 
A few minutes later, Lucas lifted his head. “Done.” He shoved his book and lunch into his bag then turned to me. His intense gaze held mine for several seconds. I couldn’t look away even if I wanted to. “I’m glad you bumped into me, Sarah,” he said softly, leaning in closer. He lifted his hand as if to touch my face, then hesitated and instead placed it on mine, giving it a gentle squeeze. I felt an electric pulse at his touch. “See you in class,” he whispered, his face so close to mine, I could feel his breath. He stood up and walked out of the cafeteria. 
I was frozen in my seat. Because of his soft touch and the look in his eyes, I thought for a moment I’d lost the ability to move or speak. No other guy had ever had the same effect on me. Sure I’d had others flirt with me. I’d even been kissed by a few on dates. But after that one touch and soft words from Lucas, I was gone. There was no turning back. 






Chapter Seven
Distractions

At home, hours later, I decided to make dinner to take my mind off a certain twin. Since my mom had left out chicken, I thought I’d make her favorite, fettuccine Alfredo. She liked to add chicken to it, and it was the only way I knew how to make it. 
When I placed the chicken in the hot pan, it sizzled and popped. While it cooked, I gathered the rest of the ingredients and busied myself making the best meal I could.
I was almost finished when I heard a voice. “You're making dinner?” I turned to see my mom standing in the kitchen doorway, face flushed, hair messy, as she stared at me in disbelief. 
“Is it still windy?” I asked, lifting the cooked chicken pieces out of the pan with a fork. 
She brushed her long bangs out of her face with a smile. “Yes, it’s like a tornado out there. Why are you cooking?” She stripped off her black suede coat and set it and her briefcase on a chair.
I smiled at her reaction. It hadn’t been that long since I cooked, had it? “I felt like it. I needed to take my mind off some things.” 
I moved over to the pot of Alfredo sauce, gave it a quick stir, and then checked on the pasta that was boiling on the back burner. Steam curled up into the air; I stirred it to avoid the noodles sticking together. The last time I attempted to make pasta, I forgot to stir the noodles, and when I finally remembered, they were all in a big clump. We ordered pizza that night. Maybe that was the reason my mother was so surprised.
“Thank you; I’ve had a long day, so you picked the perfect time to help out. If you don’t mind, I have a few papers to see to. I’ll come back and help you when I’m done.” 
“Mom, I can handle it by myself.” I started cutting the chicken into chunks. 
She grinned, kissed me on the forehead, and rushed upstairs. “Don’t forget to stir the noodles.” I heard her yell. Funny, very funny. 
The smell of garlic floated out of the oven, reminding me that the garlic bread I had put in earlier was almost finished. I opened the door and peered inside. The bread was golden brown. Perfect. I took the pan out before it burned, and placed the bread on a plate.
I had just finished the rest of the dinner and was setting the table when I heard the front door open and close. 
“Mmm, dinner smells great. Did you make it yourself?” my dad asked from the doorway, looking as surprised as my mom had been. Maybe I should start to help out more often, if I shocked them this much. 
He walked over and dipped his finger in the sauce that was simmering on top of the stove. “Oh, that’s good.”
“Dad, that’s gross, there’s a spoon right there.” I pointed to the counter beside the stove. “Will you call Alex and Mom, they're both upstairs.” 
“Sure, I’ll be right back. I can’t wait to eat, that sauce tasted delicious.” He hurried up the stairs. 
I had to admit it did smell good. While I mixed the sauce, chicken, and noodles into one large bowl, I heard my family settling down at the table. 
“That looks good, honey,” my mother said when I placed the bowl in the center of the table. I watched them scoop out their dinner before I took my turn.
We were quiet while we ate; the only sounds were the scrapes of silverware and my dad’s yummy noises. “Wow, Sarah, this is really good,” he said, breaking the silence. 
“Thank you. Mom, if you want, I can cook once a week to help you out.” 
She glanced up from her plate, surprised. “Are you sure? You already have work, school, and piano, I don’t want to interfere with your homework.” 
“I always do it when I get home anyway. I have time after that, and once a week isn’t a big deal.” 
She beamed at me. “That would be wonderful, thank you.”
“So what’s with you and Lucas Tate? I saw you eating with him at lunch today,” Alex mumbled with his mouth full. My mom grinned; my dad looked worried. 
“Nothing, he called last night and asked if he could use my history notes, so I lent them to him at lunch.” I looked down at my food, hoping that if I didn’t make eye contact, they would forget about it. 
“So why were you sitting so close and staring into each other’s eyes?” What the hell was wrong with Alex? Why wouldn’t he let it go? The kid always ignored me, and now he had a sudden interest in my love life. I narrowed my eyes at him, staring daggers in his direction, hoping he’d take my hint and shut up. 
He only leaned back in his chair and gave me a lazy smile. 
“What’s going on, Sarah? If things are getting serious with this boy, I want to meet him.” My father had gone white as he dropped his fork down on his plate with a clang. 
 “Oh stop it, there is nothing going on. If there were, I wouldn’t be discussing it with all of you.” I spun on my brother. “And Alex, what are you doing watching me at lunch? Mind your own business.” I was yelling, I didn’t know why, but any time Alex looked at me that way, it made me feel like we were kids again and the urge for an argument was too strong to fight.
“You seem a little defensive, honey,” my mom pointed out, absently running her finger along her water glass.
“Well, I feel like everyone is ganging up on me. What’s with all the questions?” I admit I was whining and overreacting, but I didn’t care. “I’m finished eating, I’m going to do my homework.” I shoved back in my chair—the wooden legs rubbed against the hardwood floor, making my mom cringe—and stomped into the kitchen. After I put my dishes in the dishwasher, I went upstairs. 

I was almost finished with my homework when my mom knocked on my door and asked if she could come in. 
“Whatever. It’s your house, I can’t stop you.” 
She stepped in and shut the door behind her. After walking over, she sat beside me on the bed. “So what’s wrong? You’re rarely grouchy and whiny all in one night.” She put her hand on my leg and slapped it lightly. 
I considered confiding in her about what was really bothering me, and I opened my mouth to start, but the words wouldn’t come. So I didn’t say anything, just stared out the window, ignoring her, watching the wind blow the pine tree outside my window. A branch scraped the glass with a screech. 
She stretched out beside me, the familiar smell of ginger floating in the air. It had been my mother’s favorite perfume since I was a kid. Now, when I smelled it, I always knew she was close by. “I’ve got all night; you’ll feel better after you talk to someone. If you would rather, I could send up your dad.” She gazed up at the ceiling and spoke absently. 
I cringed; not in the least bit interested in discussing boys with my father. 
She snorted. “I didn’t think so.” 
I lay down beside her, stubbornly remaining silent. After about ten minutes of strained quiet, I started to doubt my decision.
My mother could also be stubborn, and she was telling the truth when she said she’d wait all night. So unless I wanted a bed mate, I needed to tell her something just to get rid of her. I opened my mouth to lie, but instead, the whole truth came pouring out. I told her about the first dream, and then about the first few awkward conversations with Lucas, and all of them since. 
I took a deep breath and began again, lowering my voice to a whisper. “And when I talk to him, I feel like I’ve known him all my life.” I raised my voice again. “Oh, and of course there are the dreams; after I saw him without his glasses, I realized it was him and not Logan. I’m having romantic dreams about us, and I don’t know why, and once I saw him dead. Oh, you know that part, you just didn’t know it was him.” I stopped and took another deep breath before whispering, “Today, when we sat together at lunch, he talked to me so softly and touched my hand. He left me speechless.” 
“Wow,” my mom said, looking as dazed as I felt. “I think you were holding things in for too long. I also think you have real feelings for him, and you’re scared.” We lay quietly, deep in thought. 
“I do like him; I wouldn’t even admit it to myself. He is so different than I imagined. I still don’t know him all that well, but I feel like I do.” 
My mom was quiet for a moment. “I knew there was something between the two of you, I could feel it. Even if you didn’t know it yourselves. But I think Lucas knew even then, when we had lunch at his parents’ restaurant. You should have seen the way he looked at you.” I raised my eyebrows in disbelief. “I’m serious. I know this is new to you, but I’m pretty sure it’s not for him.” 
I was completely shocked. I sat up and stared down at her. “Mother, he had never even spoken to me up until a few weeks ago, and he never would have if I hadn’t bumped into him.” 
She pressed her lips together and shook her head. “I am good at reading people. Don’t stress about it. Just enjoy it, first love is amazing, and I’m excited for you. And I will need updates when it progresses, and I say when because I know it will.” She stood up. “You should let your dad meet him. He’s usually a pushover, but I think that’s because you’ve never been serious about anybody before. I know it’s too soon to talk like this, but keep it in mind, okay?” She leaned toward me and kissed the top of my head. “I hope getting it out helped. I’ll see you in the morning.” She smiled at me as she closed the door behind her. 
After finishing my homework, I went to bed and…dreamed of Lucas. We were lying on a hill talking, when I turned my head and he leaned in to kiss me. The dream was so real I could feel his breath on my skin, the tingle on my lips after he pulled away.

I woke up in a very good mood. I had to work after school, so I stuffed my work clothes in my backpack and hopped in the shower. 
I chose my outfit carefully, a silver, tight-fitting short-sleeve silk blouse and my dark blue skinny jeans. I straightened my hair, which I didn’t normally do, usually just brushed it and hoped it didn’t look too frizzy. I wore makeup as well instead of my usual lip gloss and eyeliner. When I was satisfied with my reflection in the mirror, I headed downstairs to grab a quick breakfast. 
The kitchen smelled of coffee and burnt toast. 
“Wow, you look nice, Sarah,” my mom said when I walked into the room. “Is there a special occasion?” 
“No, I just woke up earlier, so I had more time to get ready.” I popped a grape from the fruit bowl into my mouth.
She didn’t believe my explanation. “Sure,” she said with a smirk. 
“Who are you trying to impress?” Alex appeared in the doorway. 
“You, little brother. Do you need a ride to school, or are you going with Mom?”
He looked surprised. “I’d rather not go with Mom, she gets there too early. But you hate driving me.” 
I looked at him innocently. “I don’t mind.” Opening the cupboard door, I took out my favorite cereal and poured some in a bowl. 
“Thanks,” he said, looking a little skeptical. 
My mom smiled at me and whispered, “You look happy, I hope our talk helped.” I only nodded since my mouth was full of sugar crunchies. 
“Well, I’m going to work then. Thanks for taking your brother, Sarah,” she called as she walked out the door. 
“What’s with you?” Alex asked me after Mom had left.
 “Nothing.” I shrugged my shoulders and took another bite of cereal. “I’m just in a good mood.” 

“You’ll have to get a ride home with Mom, I have to work,” I told him once we were settled in my car. 
He was slouched down into the seat listening to his MP3 player. “Whatever,” he mumbled. 
We arrived at school, and this time I scored a space closer to the entrance. Alex took off before I had the engine shut off. I guess he didn’t want to be seen with his older sister. 
I stepped out of my car, and headed inside, telling myself, I wasn’t scanning the lot for Lucas, but when I saw his black sports car, I felt relieved. 
Derrick was waiting for me at my locker. “Well, hello there, hottie. Who are you dressed up for?” 
I glared at him as I turned my combination. This was getting annoying. “Nobody, I just woke up earlier, so I had more time to get ready,” I said for the third time as I opened my locker door and shoved my bag into it. Did I usually look that bad? 
He wasn’t convinced. “Well, here comes Lucas and his eyes are about to pop out of his head.” 
I turned to see Lucas walking toward us. “Hey, Derrick, Sarah. Is Emma still sick?” 
I was quite happy to see that he couldn’t take his eyes off me. Derrick answered for me. “Yeah, but she’ll probably feel better tomorrow. Sarah said you had the flu on Monday. It sucked, didn’t it?” 
“That’s for sure,” Lucas said, barely moving his eyes away from my face. “It must be going around. I hope you don’t get it too, Sarah.” 
“I don’t get sick often, I think I’m safe.” I shut my locker door and leaned against it. 
Derrick spoke, his head bobbing from Lucas to me. “Well, I guess I’ll go to class. I’ll see you there,” he said, nodding at me with a wide grin. 
After he walked away, Lucas turned to me. “If it’s just you and Derrick today, maybe Andy, Kyle, and I will sit with you at lunch again?” 
My face heated slightly. “Sure.” 
He smiled at me as the bell rang. “I guess I’ll see you later.” He leaned in, his face just inches from mine. “You look amazing.” he whispered, then walked away. 
I felt a little queasy as I ran to English class. 
I slid into my seat while Derrick grinned at me. “Now I know why you’re all dressed up.” 
“Shut up,” I said dryly, without turning around. I heard him chuckle behind me. 
In music class, I was daydreaming about Lucas when Miss Fitzgerald called us to order. 
“Okay, class, I know you have been working really hard on my original piece for the upcoming recital, but I have thought of a way to make the night even more exciting. I want each of you to compose a short original piece of your own.” 
There were a lot of moans among my classmates. Being the music nerd that I was, I thought it was a great idea and couldn’t wait to get started. 
“Don’t worry, if you need help just let me know. I want the pieces to be about your emotions. When I hear each one, I want to know what you were feeling when you wrote it.” She was leaning on her desk with her back to it. She pushed off and began to pace back and forth in front of the class. “We can show emotion through music. I want you to show me yours. It could be a happy song, angry, or sad, even about fear, anything. But have fun with it. Go to your instruments and start. If you need any help, let me know.” 
I sat down on the piano bench and tried to think of my emotions. I closed my eyes and saw Lucas’ face, and all I could think was happy. A tune came to my mind and I started tapping my fingers on the cold keys, trying a fast melody with a turn at the end. It actually sounded pretty good.





Chapter Eight
Hero

Lucas didn’t show up at lunch; he didn’t even come into the cafeteria. Even though Derrick’s friends Pete and Cory sat with us, the table felt empty. 
Lucas did make it to history, but he arrived late and I couldn’t ask why he didn’t show for lunch, and when class was dismissed, he rushed out. 
 I didn’t see him for the rest of the day. I looked for his black sports car after school; it was nowhere to be seen. I climbed in my car and sat quietly, willing myself to turn the key in the ignition, but I couldn’t. There was a tightness in my chest and my eyes burned with the threat of tears. Maybe he wasn’t interested after all. Had I been imagining his attention? He really seemed like he wanted to spend time with me. What kind of game was he playing? 
Eventually, I started the car and drove off, angry at him as much as myself.
At work, I felt sick. I was on ticket sales with Zack. At first I felt a little leery of him, after my talk with Marcy. But soon it became easy to have a conversation; he was actually fun to work with.
I had an hour left of my shift when my stomach started to churn. “Oh God,” I groaned, clutching my stomach.
“Are you okay?” Zack asked. 
“No, I think I’m gonna throw up.” I stumbled out of the booth and ran for the bathroom, making it just in time. The day had started out promising, took a turn when Lucas stood me up, and now it was going to end with my head in a toilet, heaving my guts out. I just wanted to go home to bed before something else went wrong. 
I left the bathroom and told the manager I had to leave. He said it was fine; it was a slow night anyway. 
I spent the rest of the night between my bed and the bathroom. 

The next morning, I lay under my blankets, feeling like death warmed over, when I heard a knock at the door. “Come in,” I whispered.
 “Still feel sick? Should I stay home?” my mom asked as she stepped up to the bed. 
“No, I’ll be fine, it’s not like there’s anything you can do. If it’s what all of my friends had, I’ll be fine by tomorrow.” 
“I brought you some ginger soda, and I’ll call you when I can to see how you’re doing.” She set my drink on the nightstand. 
After she left, I fell back to sleep. I must have been delusional because I dreamed of Lucas again—well, not a dream, just a series of flashes. I saw Lucas at different stages and another face, someone I’d never met before. He was around my age with thick sandy-colored hair and intense blue eyes that seemed to bore into me. His high cheekbones and cleft chin gave his face character. He would have been good-looking if his image wasn’t distorted in rage. The rage seemed to be focused on Lucas. It was all flashes of darkness, blood, wilted roses, and knives. Nightmares must be part of my sickness. 
I woke up sometime during the day to the phone ringing. I grabbed it from beside my bed. “Hello,” I whispered roughly.
“Did I wake you? I’m sorry, I called to see how you were feeling,” Emma said on the other end of the line. 
“I haven’t barfed in a few hours, so that’s a start.”
“You’ll feel better by tonight. Can I ask you a question, or do you want to go back to sleep?”
“Shoot.”
“What’s up with you and Lucas? Derrick said you were all hot and heavy yesterday, and I know you had lunch the other day. And just a few minutes ago he asked how you were, and he wanted me to tell you that he hoped you felt better soon, so spill.” 
“Ugh…I am really not in the mood for gossip Emma, but nothing. Yes, there were some sparks yesterday morning, but it cooled when he blew me off the rest of the day. We made plans for lunch, and then he never showed.”
“Why?” 
“I have no idea, but I’m not going to stress about it. If something happens it happens. But if it doesn’t, oh well.” 
“He doesn’t deserve you,” she said to cheer me up. 
I groaned. “I know. Now I’m hanging up, or I’m going to throw up.” 
I tossed the phone onto my nightstand and climbed out of bed, walking slowly downstairs, my limbs aching with every movement. I poured myself some more soda then headed back to my room. I sunk into bed, pulling the blankets up to my shoulders. I was surprised that just getting myself a drink had weakened me. I fell asleep, and stayed that way the rest of the day. 
My mom came in with juice after she came home from work. “How are you feeling, honey?” 
“I think the worst is over. I haven’t gotten sick since this afternoon.” I sat up to drink the juice. “I think I’ll come down and watch TV. I’m a little bored.” 
She smiled at me, brushing a lock of hair from my forehead. “Sure, come on down and I’ll make you some toast and tea.”

The warm liquid and buttery sustenance settled my stomach, and it was nice to sit with my family. I had been cooped up in my room for a day and a half and I needed a change of scenery. 
When evening came, I felt better, even more so after I had a shower and brushed my teeth, washing away the remnants of the flu. Feeling refreshed, I lay down for a restful, dreamless sleep. 

I woke early, feeling normal again. I chose my short dark blue dress, and added black tights since it was getting colder out. I loved this dress. It was one of the outfits I bought on my shopping trip with my mom. Emma had returned it the day after she borrowed it. 
I curled my hair for a different look and applied my makeup. And for the finishing touch, I sprayed some of my new perfume. When I posed in front of the mirror, I had to admit I looked good. If Lucas wanted to stare at me like he did the other day, he could. If he wanted to ignore me again, no way, this time I would be the one to blow him off. 
I parked in the lot at school and climbed out of my car. I was leaning in the backseat getting my bag when I heard a deep voice behind me. “Feeling better?” 
I spun around to see Lucas leaning against the white pickup that was parked beside me. “Yep,” I said coldly, slamming my door and pushing past him, walking as fast as I could. 
“You’re mad about the other day aren’t you?” He was behind me, keeping up with my pace. 
“No, why would I be mad?” I kept my gaze straight ahead, afraid that if I saw his handsome face, I’d let go of my anger, and I couldn’t do that, yet. He hadn’t suffered enough. 
“You seem angry.” He was walking beside me now, his arm brushing my elbow.
I glanced at him, hoping I seemed indifferent. “Nope.” 
He wasn’t convinced. “Well, about the other day, not showing up for lunch. I lost track of time playing basketball with the guys. I’m sorry.” 
There was something not right about his explanation. He didn’t even mention not speaking to me the rest of the day. “Oh, right, we were supposed to meet for lunch, weren’t we?” I stopped walking and stared at him, and with a slight smile I added, “No biggie, it must have slipped my mind.” We were in the school now. “If that’s all you wanted, I’ll see you later.” I walked away without giving him a chance to make up another excuse. 
I glanced behind me to see if he had followed. He was still standing in the front of the large front bay windows where I left him, staring in my direction with a stunned expression on his face. 
It was so hard to walk away, especially since he looked so good today. Without his glasses, you could see the tiny flecks of gold in his hazel eyes. His hair appeared to be a little shorter, coming just below his ears. He was wearing a brown sweater and jeans, and his black motorcycle boots gave him a bad-boy edge you wouldn’t expect from Lucas Tate. It was necessary to keep my distance from him to protect myself. I didn’t want to feel like I did yesterday when I sat alone in the parking lot looking for his car, feeling rejected and confused. 

At lunch, Emma was rambling on about her date with Derrick that evening. I sat beside her, half listening, half eating my sandwich. She leaned over to me. “Lucas is staring at you,” she whispered in my ear.
I glanced at her, avoiding the direction she was looking. “So?” I said, taking another bite of my sandwich. 
“Did something happen this morning? He looks sad.”
“He apologized for not meeting me for lunch because he was playing basketball with the guys.” I took a sip out of my water bottle.
Her eyes narrowed. “That was his excuse? What a douche.” 
“Yep, so I acted like I had forgotten that we were supposed to meet.”
“Good for you.” 
I didn’t feel like sitting in the crowded lunchroom anymore, listening to the loud voices and laughter. “I’m going to my locker, I’ll see you later.” I put the rest of my lunch in my bag and stood up, waving to my friends as I walked away. I glanced at Lucas’ table, but he wasn’t there anymore. Kyle and Andy were tossing a rolled-up paper bag back and forth across their table.
I walked through the hallway, weaving around students who were heading to the cafeteria, and was almost to my locker when I heard a familiar voice. “Hey, babe, you’re looking good lately.” 
I looked up and saw Logan standing in the middle of the hall right in front of me. Babe? Was he serious? “Thanks,” I said, trying to get around him. He moved, blocking my path. I was cornered between him and a locker. “What do you want, Logan?” I tried to make my voice hard, and was irritated that it shook slightly. The once busy hallway was suddenly empty. There were a few students at the far end, leaning against lockers, but none close enough to hear our conversation.
“You. I just wanted to ask you out for Saturday night.” 
“No thanks.” I moved to the side to get around him, but again, he blocked me.
“Come on, I can show you a real good time,” he whispered in my ear. His cologne was strong, almost choking me. He was so close I could feel the warmth of his body. I had the urge to lift my knee up sharply.
 “I said no! Now back off.” My voice held a slightly hysterical edge to it. 
He scowled, angry now. His hazel eyes leered down at me. “You can’t turn me down. No one turns me down.” 
I glared at him. “I just did.” 
He backed up like I had slapped him. I took my chance and tried to slip away again, but he grabbed my arm, his fingers digging into my exposed skin. “Come on, I’m trying to be nice here. I just wanted to take you out, now you’re being rude.”
“I said I’m not interested,” I growled, yanking my arm out of his grip. 
“No one turns me down,” he repeated, his voice low and harsh. He lifted his hand as if to hit me. I braced myself. 
Footsteps pounded the tiled floor behind me. Someone shoved Logan into the locker before he could strike. “Were you seriously going to hit her?” Lucas’ face was twisted with anger. 
“Get off of me, Luke, and mind your own business,” Logan snarled at his brother. 
Lucas slammed him harder against the locker, and Logan’s head knocked against the metal door. I forced myself not to laugh. “Is this the way you get girls to go out with you? I always wondered how you did it, since you’re such a dick.” Logan pushed Lucas off him. “This is a new low for you, bullying girls into dating you. I’m sure Mom and Dad would be so proud.” 
“I don’t have to bully girls, they come after me. When is the last time you had a date, Luke?” Logan said to Lucas then turned to me. “I don’t know what I was thinking. You want her, Luke? Take her, she’s all yours. She’s below my standards anyway.” 
Unfazed by Logan’s hurtful words, I looked over at Lucas, who was shaking with anger but still not finished talking. “Logan, if you ever go near Sarah again. I’ll take you down, and you know I can.” He chuckled darkly. “You never could beat me in a fight.” With that, he grabbed my arm and dragged me through the line of kids that had gathered. In a high school, you could always count on an audience when a fight was brewing, although where was everyone just minutes before, when I needed help? 
He kept walking, silently pulling me along. I noticed we were headed to the parking lot. “Where are you taking me?” I asked, a little frightened. 
He didn’t slow down or look at me. “We’re ditching the rest of the day,” he said, still angry. I started to protest until he turned his head. The look on his face silenced me. 
We were standing beside his car. “I can’t,” I said quietly. 
His expression softened, and he whispered, “Please.” 
Unable to reject him, I breathed, “Fine,” and climbed into the passenger seat after he opened the door. 
He shut it behind me, slid in the driver’s side, and started the car. 






Chapter Nine
The Waterfall

After a few minutes of driving in silence, Lucas finally turned to me, his face strained with worry. “Are you okay?” 
I nodded. 
“I’m so sorry. My brother’s a jerk, but I didn’t think he was capable of this.” 
“It’s all right; you arrived just in time. Thank you, by the way. I probably would have hit him back, so you saved him a black eye.” I was trying to lighten the mood, but my words were true. Even though I was prepared for him to strike me, there was no way I would have let him get away with it.
He laughed. “I don’t doubt that at all, I’ve never heard a girl talk to him like that. I was impressed.” 
The amount of trees passing by my window alerted me that we were headed out of town. “Where are we going?” 
“Just a place I like to go to think,” he said, glancing at me. “I’ve never taken anyone there before.” 
I gulped. Suddenly nervous, I dug inside my bag to take out my phone, unable to face him. 
“Who are you calling?” 
“Emma, to tell her not to worry about me, and that I’ll pick my car up later.” 
He nodded. “Yeah, I’ll take you back whenever you want.” 
I texted Emma, since she was in class, telling her that I was taking the rest of the day off, and to tell my mom I would explain later. After about ten minutes, my phone buzzed. I opened the text and read silently. “Where are you? Are you with Lucas? Heard what happened.” 
I laughed. “News travels fast.”
“What did she say?” 
“She already heard what happened.”
“I’m not surprised. There were a few people at their lockers, but no one was helping you. I was at the end of the hall. I couldn’t hear what you were saying, but you didn’t look happy.” 
“So, should I tell her that you kidnapped me?” 
“Yeah,” he said, laughing. “Make sure she tells your mother, the vice principal. Logan’s pretty stupid to pull that in front of witnesses. What if your mother finds out?” 
I cringed at the thought. I didn’t want Logan to get into trouble; it would only make it worse.
“I’ll tell her not to get involved.” 
“Why?” he demanded. “He should get what he deserves.” 
“But won’t it look like I told my mommy on him? I’d rather just let it go.” 
He grinned. “Or you could stay out of it, let things be, see what happens.” 
“But since my mother is the vice principal, it will look like I told her, even if I didn’t.” 
He thought about it. “I would love my parents to find out, and I can’t tell them.”
I didn’t know what to do. “I’ll wait and see if she says anything.” My phone beeped. I looked down and read what Emma wrote out loud. “I heard that Lucas defended you and beat up Logan. Is this true?” 
“Tell her that I gave him a black eye.” 
“How about, you pulled him off me and threw him across the hall.” We both laughed. I glanced up and saw that we were now sitting in a driveway; I didn’t even realize we had stopped moving, I was so absorbed in his presence. 
“Hey, I’m a hero, I like it,” he said with a mischievous smile. 
I sent Emma the message and then shoved my phone back into my bag. “So whose house is this?” 
“Mine, but that’s not where we’re going.” 
The house was a large, white-trimmed, red-brick bungalow with an attached garage. A basketball net hung above of the garage door. 
We got out of the car, and I followed him past his house into his backyard. On the edge of the yard was a wooded area that went on as far as I could see. No neighbors behind them and none running parallel either. The house was secluded. An anxious feeling crept inside my chest. 
He led me onto a path, through brush, fallen tree limbs, and bushes. 
The leaves had turned color and were starting to fall. They made a crackling sound as I stepped over them. “Are you taking me someplace where no one will find the body?” I asked as we moved further through the trees.
 “I would never hurt you, Sarah,” he said, his voice so heavy with emotion my heart skipped a beat. 
We walked for a few more minutes until we came to a clearing. I followed him up a small hill, where he stopped at the top. I stood beside him, and when I saw where we were, I gasped. We stood on the edge of a rock cliff, up about twenty feet. “Holy crap!” I said, backing away from the edge. 
He laughed. “Don’t worry, you won’t fall.” He took his black leather jacket off and laid it on the cold ground. He sat on the jacket with his feet dangling over the edge. Taking my hand, he pulled me down beside him. “Look,” he said, pushing my chin forward with the tip of his finger. 
Wow. Below where we sat was a cascading waterfall, lined with large boulders, and a variety of oak, maple, and pine trees. The leaves on the maples had changed color; they were a pretty red, orange, and yellow. The rocks followed the edge of the stream of water as it flowed all the way down. The water crashed up against the side of the boulders, which caused the water to spray over the side. The scene was breathtaking. 
“It’s beautiful,” I said softly, mesmerized by the view. I couldn’t look away. We sat silently on the edge of the small cliff with our legs dangling. The only sounds were the roar of the water flowing down the rocks, and a couple of finches chirping in the tree branches above us. I felt like if we spoke, we would ruin the moment. 
I turned my head to look at Lucas. He was staring at me, and his face held a thoughtful expression. “I’m sorry about the other day. I know I hurt you, no matter how much you deny it.” 
I shook my head. “It’s fine.” 
“It’s not fine!” His words were filled with frustration. 
I glanced at him. “Um…what do you want me to say?” 
He softened his tone. “The truth.” 
I thought about it, and decided to go for it. “Yes, I was mad, and hurt that you didn’t show up. But I was more upset about your lame excuse. Playing basketball? I didn’t buy it, and it doesn’t explain why you didn’t talk to me for the rest of the day. It was your idea to have lunch with us anyway.” 
His lips twitched with amusement. “Now, there’s the Sarah I’ve been getting to know, the girl who would throw a book at me when I was being rude, the girl who would tell my brother off when he was being a jerk, twice.” I raised my eyebrows at him. “I was in the cafeteria when he cut in front of you,” he explained. Lying back onto the grass, he looked up at the sky. “I could tell you why I really didn’t show up, but I’m afraid it will freak you out.” 
We sat for a while thinking to ourselves. Lucas was still lying on his back, I was sitting up watching the waterfall.
“I’m afraid to ask. Is it that bad?” I finally asked anxiously. 
He sighed. “I wouldn’t say it’s bad, just embarrassing.” 
“Tell me.” I held my breath, waiting for his explanation. 
He hesitated for a moment, and then started speaking so quietly I had to strain to hear him. “I had a dream of you the night we had lunch together. In it, you were killed. I saw your lifeless face, and it felt so real. I know you’re going to say it was just a dream, but it was as real as you and I are sitting here right now. The dream was so intense that I felt that if I had stayed away from you, you would have lived.” He was quiet for a moment then slowly continued. “I rushed to school to make sure you were okay. On the way there, though, I decided not to see you again, so then nothing bad would happen to you. 
“When I saw you in the hall,” he said, “I felt so relieved. But you looked so beautiful I couldn’t resist. In class when I was away from you, I could see your dead face every time I blinked. I had to try. I don’t know why, but I have this feeling that if we continue to see each other, something bad will happen to you.” 
I was stunned; he was having the same dream I was. Why was this happening, and what did it mean? I opened my mouth to tell him that I shared his dream, but something stopped me. I suddenly felt the need to keep it to myself. 
“Did I scare you away?” He sounded worried, so I turned to look at him. 
“No, you didn’t scare me away. But are you saying you don’t want to see me?” And why did just the thought of that leave me feeling empty?
He took a few seconds to consider. “I should say yes, that’s exactly what I’m saying. But I can’t, I’m drawn to you.” He smiled, and grabbed my arm to pull me down beside him. 
Relieved by his words, I stared at the sky, watching birds fly overhead and clouds morph into sheep, and one that looked oddly like the marshmallow man. I took in a deep breath, smelling the grass, dirt, and the faint hint of pine from the trees near the waterfall. 
When I felt him touch my face, I turned my head to look into his eyes. His fingers moved softly against my skin, creating a spark that surprised and excited me. He pulled my face towards him and leaned up until he was just inches above me. “You sure you’re not scared?” he asked. 
“No, I’m not scared.” I meant my voice to be strong, convincing, but the words came out in a whisper. He grinned then leaned in, touching his lips to mine. At first it felt wonderful, and familiar. Then he opened his mouth to deepen the kiss, and it became so much more. 
When he finally drew away from me, I realized that I had never felt anything like that in my life. When he kissed me, I felt a buzz of awareness that told me I had finally found the one thing I didn’t know was missing.
“Wow,” he whispered. “We’re going to have to do that again.” 
I smiled and touched his cheek. “How about right now?” 
He gave me a lazy grin. “That can be arranged.” He pulled me up so I was sitting on his lap facing him, and tugged me forward for another kiss. I would have been happy to stay like this forever. He moved away from my lips and gently kissed my cheek, my jaw, and down my neck. It felt so good. 
He took a deep breath. “Mmm, you smell like cinnamon.” He was about to start back up to my lips when my phone beeped. “Leave it,” he whispered, his breath tickling my neck as he spoke. He returned to his slow journey upwards. 
I groaned. “What if it’s my mom?” My voice was so low I wasn’t sure he heard me.
He pulled back slowly. “We probably should get back to reality anyway.” 
I looked down at my phone. I was right; it was from my mother. “Where are you!!!” it read. “She’s worried. I should call her. What time is it?” 
He glanced at his watch. “Three o’clock. Would you stay with me for a while, we can order pizza. No one will be home until later. My parents work late, and Logan never comes home before midnight on Friday nights.” 
The idea of staying with him made me feel warm and tingly inside. “Sure, I’d love to.”
His smile brightened his face, making his eyes shine; the sight nearly took my breath away. I climbed off of his lap and sat down on his jacket that was still spread out on the ground, and dialed my mom’s cell. 
“Hello, Sarah, where are you?” she answered on the first ring. She sounded worried. 
“I’m fine, Mom, something happened at school, but I don’t want to talk about it. I was a little shaken up, so Lucas brought me to his house to calm me down. I’m going to hang out here for a while, okay?” 
“Do you mean when Logan harassed you? I heard about it, and he is in so much trouble—” 
I cut her off. “No, Mom, you’ll only make it worse. Can we talk about it later?” 
She sighed. “All right, but I won’t forget, and his parents will hear about this.” 
“No, I don’t want that either, but I don’t want to think about that now.” 
 “Fine. So you’re with Lucas? What are you doing?” 
I blushed; thankfully, she couldn’t see. “We’re just hanging out watching a movie,” I lied. I heard Lucas laugh softly. 
“Don’t be home too late.”
“I won’t. Bye.” I hung up and glanced at Lucas. “It’s fine, I can stay for a while.” 
He smiled, grabbed my hands, and pulled me up off my feet. I squealed, surprised by his sudden change of mood, but was cut off as his lips pressed onto mine. 
“Let’s go,” I said, pushing him away. He bent down and picked up his coat. After he put it on, he took my hand and pulled me onto the path, back to his house. 






Chapter Ten
First Date

We passed through the trees and into his backyard. I followed him up the steps of the back deck, where he reached over the railing and pulled a hidden key off a hook. 
“This is where we keep our spare key, if you ever want to sneak into my room at night to surprise me.” His tone of voice was teasing, but the spark in his eyes made me wonder if he was serious. 
“Yeah, don’t hold your breath,” I said dryly, hoping to hide my sudden nerves.
He chuckled as he shoved the key in the lock and opened the door. We stepped inside, into an enormous, open kitchen with large stainless steel appliances that were so shiny you could see your reflection. A massive kitchen island stood in the center separating the appliances from the table. The cupboards were finished in a mixture of whitewashed wood and glass. Stainless steel light fixtures hung from the ceiling, creating ample light for cooking. This was a kitchen that belonged to someone with a passion for cooking. It was obvious that his father had designed it; he was the chef at their family restaurant. 
“You want a soda?” Lucas asked, opening the fridge. 
“Sure, do you have diet?” 
He took out a cola for himself and a diet one for me then led me into their living room. It was big, but very comfortable. The centerpiece of the room was a fireplace with a flat-screen TV on the wall above it. 
He sat down on the plush sofa and patted the seat beside him. I joined him as he turned on the TV. He turned it to a movie I had never seen before, but I didn’t really pay attention; I was very aware of how close he was. Our legs were touching, and I could feel warmth emanating from his body. 
He leaned back into the couch, wrapping his arm around me and pulling me against him. We sat snuggled on the sofa watching the movie. His arm was so warm and comfortable, there was no where else I wanted to be. 
After the movie was over, he ordered pizza. When it was delivered, Lucas brought it over and placed it on the coffee table. Sitting down beside me, he handed me a greasy slice. It smelled so good I couldn’t wait to taste it. 
While we ate, we listened to his new CD. Lucas started telling me about some of the situations Andy and Kyle had gotten him into. When he finished a story about the three of them spying on Kyle’s older sister’s slumber party, he leaned back, lifting his fifth piece of pizza. 
“How could you possibly stuff another piece into your stomach?” 
He smiled then took a bite. “It’s a talent. You’d be amazed at how much I can eat.” 
“Why are you so thin?”
“I work out.” He picked up a napkin and wiped some tomato sauce that had dripped on his jeans. 
I laughed.
“Why is that funny?”
“I just can’t picture you lifting weights like those muscle guys that oil up their bodies.” 
“There are other ways to work out, and I don’t do it to get muscles. I like it.”
“I still can’t see it, though, you’re more the book reading type.” I leaned forward and stacked our plates onto the pizza box.
He balled up his napkin and threw it on the box. “I can do both.” 
“If you say so.” I stood up with the plates in my hand while Lucas grabbed the rest. 
I followed him into the kitchen, where he threw the pizza box away and then turned to face me. “I’ve had a lot of fun tonight,” he said, taking the dishes out of my hands and placing them in the sink. He backed me up against the kitchen counter. “I love being with you.” He leaned in to gently brush his lips against mine. “After work tomorrow night, do you want to do something?” 
“Sure, why don’t we hang out at my house?” Since my parents wanted to meet him, I figured it was probably best to get it over with. 
His hands moved to the sides of my arms, gently rubbing up and down. “Okay, but only if you let me take you out for dinner first.” 
My heart sped up at the feel of his soft touch. I swallowed hard. “Sounds good…I’m off at seven.” 
He leaned in and kissed me again. “I’ll pick you up at seven thirty at your house then,” he mumbled against my lips. His arms tightened around me as he guided me toward the living room, without taking his lips from mine. We had almost made it to the couch when his phone rang. “Damn! We need to turn our phones off when we do this.” He pulled his cell out of his pocket while I sat down on the couch alone. “Hello.” He paused as he listened. “No thanks, I’m busy…Yes, but I’m not going into details…No, she’s right here…Goodbye, I’m hanging up now.” He growled, turning his phone off. 
“Andy?” I asked, and he nodded. 
“Come on, I’ll show you my room.” He held my hand, leading me down a hallway and through the third door. The room was a tad cluttered, with a wide dresser and a mirror against one wall. His bed was against the opposite one, with shelves above, filled to the brim with books, a few pictures, and a couple of trophies. Like mine, his desk sat under the window. At the end of his bed was a basketball net, hanging on the wall above. Have you read all those?” I asked, pointing to the books.
He sat on the edge of his bed and glanced over at his shelves. “Yeah, there are some more in the basement.”
“What are your favorites?” I reached up, pulling a dog-eared copy of Huckleberry Finn.
“I don’t think I could pick one, but that would be one of them, along with The Catcher in the Rye, Lord of the Flies, and To Kill a Mockingbird.” He reached up and pulled a copy of Frankenstein, playing with the pages. “What about you, I see you reading in the lunch room, what’s your favorite?”
I sighed, shoving the book back in place. “I have so many, but I’d have to choose the one that started my interest in reading, Anne of Green Gables.”
He grinned. “That’s a good one too.”
“I wanted to dye my hair red after I read it,” I admitted.
He laughed. “I’m sure you’d look beautiful as a redhead.” He placed the book back on the shelf and turned to me. “You’re pretty, no matter what.”
Blushing, I looked away, unable to face him after his flattery. I spotted the net hanging on the wall. “You shoot hoops in bed?” I asked, changing the subject. 
“When I’m bored.” He watched me as I picked up the ball that was sitting on the floor. It was small, orange, and made out of foam. I threw it at the net, and it went in. He picked it up and handed it back to me. 
“Try it again,” he said, standing up. I lifted my hand to throw the ball, but was suddenly tackled onto the soft mattress.
“Hey,” I said, laughing, looking up at him. He was lying on top of me, his face hovering just inches from mine. “That’s a foul.” 
He grinned, took the ball from me, and threw it in the net. 
“Oh, so you’re a cheater?” 
“What are you going to do about it?” His smile widened as he stood up, pulling me with him. He started to shoot the ball, and when he lifted his arm, I jumped on him. We landed on the bed, this time with me on top of him. Both of us were laughing, but when I looked into his eyes I stopped; they were no longer filled with laughter. He reached up and pulled my head down to his, for a long, deep kiss. 
The sound of the front door slamming shut scared me. I jumped up quickly, hovering in the corner. 
Lucas chuckled. “Relax,” he said, glancing at the clock. It was eight-thirty. “It’s probably just my mom.” He took my hand. “Come on,” he said, pulling me out of his room. 
We met his mother in the kitchen. I was very nervous, but when she turned her head and saw us, she smiled warmly. Her hair was dark like Lucas’ and Logan’s, but hers was thick and wavy, and it flowed just past her shoulders. She had blue eyes while theirs were hazel. She was very pretty. “Well, you must be Sarah. It’s so nice to finally meet you. Lucas has spoken very highly of you.” 
I blushed, giving Lucas a questioning glance. He quirked a brow at me and shrugged his shoulders. If his mother noticed our silent exchange, she didn’t show it. “Sarah, this is my mom, Karen,” Lucas said, pulling me closer. 
I shook the hand she held out. “Hi, it’s nice to meet you.” 
She let go of my hand as her smile faded. “Sarah, I’m so sorry about what my other son did to you. That boy won’t be seeing the sun outside of work or school until he’s thirty-five.”
We gaped at her, both wondering how she found out so quickly. “How did you know what happened?” Lucas asked. 
“I have told you both that I have spies everywhere, so you better watch your step. And I don’t reveal my sources,” she said with a smirk. 
Lucas grinned. “Lisa?” 
“Yep. She told me that Logan harassed you.” She nodded to me. “And that you saved the day.” A look of pride shone from her face when she focused on Lucas. 
“Yes, she’s right, but Sarah doesn’t want you to punish him, because she’s afraid he’ll think she was the one who told. She won’t even let her mother do something at school.” 
Karen gave me a look of disapproval. “Sarah, he has to be punished. He can’t treat people the way he does and get away with it. This time there were lots of witnesses.”
I shook my head. “I wasn’t hurt, and it’s over, I’d just rather forget it.” 
“Well, I’ll discuss it with their father and see what he says. And I’ll make sure Logan knows I didn’t hear about it from either of you.” 
I could see I wasn’t going to convince anyone. “Fine,” I said with a sigh, finally giving in.
Lucas got us each a bottle of water then pulled me to the table. I sat down on the chair next to him. He handed me my drink just as my phone rang. 
“Hello,” I answered after taking it from my pocket. 
“Hey, are you still with Lucas?” Emma asked.
“Yes, why?” Lucas was whispering to his mother about the incident, and I was trying to silence him with my eyes. It wasn’t working.
“I’m sleeping over at your place tonight whether you like it or not. I’ve been going crazy wondering what’s going on with you.” Lucas looked over at me curiously, obviously finished squealing to his mother.
“Sure, I’ll meet you around ten.”
“Are you at his house?” 
“Yes.”
“I want all the details. I’ll see you later. I’ll have Derrick drop me off there. Can you give me a ride home tomorrow?”
“Sure.” 
After we said our goodbyes, I hit the end button on my cell. 
“Was that Emma?” 
I nodded. “Can you take me to my car now? I should get home.”
“Sure,” he said, pulling me off of my chair. “See you later, Mom.” 
Karen smiled at me. “It was so nice to meet you, Sarah. I hope you’ll come back soon?” 
“Of course, it was nice meeting you too.” 
Lucas took my hand and steered me to the front door. 
“Who’s Lisa?” I asked once we were in his car, pulling out of the driveway. He looked confused at my question. “Earlier, when you were talking to your mom, she said her source was Lisa.”
He smiled. “Oh…Lisa Miller, she’s in the eleventh grade. She’s a hostess at the restaurant, and she knows everything that goes on at school. I have no idea how. This one time, I guess Logan cheated on a math test. Lisa found out and told my mom, and she took his cell phone away for a month. He thought I told her, and he punched me.” 
“He hit you?” I asked, horrified. 
He laughed. “Don’t worry; remember when I said he can’t take me? He walked away with a black eye.” He laughed at my expression; I wasn’t used to violence. “He may act like a tough guy, but I’m the one in the basement using the heavy bag all the time.” He stopped at a red light. 
“A heavy bag?”
“You know, in boxing, with boxing gloves,” he said, pulling away again. 
“Oh right, I thought that was called a punching bag.” I blinked at him. It didn’t seem like something he’d do. “You hit a heavy bag? Why?”
“I told you that I work out, that’s how. It’s very therapeutic. I started when I was a kid. It was my dad’s, but I sort of took it over. When I first started, I couldn’t even move the thing. Then when I did manage to get it to budge, it swung back and knocked me over.” 
I thought about it. “Huh…it sounds…interesting.” 
“I’ll show you sometime.” We were at the school parking lot now, and he pulled into the spot beside my car. 
“You mean you want to show off?”
“Pretty much,” he said, and we both laughed. 
I looked out the window at the school grounds. It was spooky at night with no one else around. He walked me to my car, and after a kiss goodbye, I pulled out of the lot, watching his car as he went the opposite way.

Twenty minutes later, I lay on my bed at home, replaying my day over and over in my mind. I had such a great time with him, I didn’t want to leave. When we kissed, I felt things I never imagined I could feel. 
Emma walked through the door and bounced onto the bed, ending my reverie. “So, how did your day go?” she asked, grinning wickedly. 
“Fine, how was yours?” I tried not to show any emotion as I leaned over to grab my TV remote from the nightstand. 
She took it out of my hand. “Oh no, you don’t! Spill, I’ve been going crazy.” 
I laughed at her; she was a person who thrived on gossip. She had to know everything that went on with her friends. Usually in my case there wasn’t much to know. “Well, we hung out at his house, ordered pizza, and watched a movie.” 
She looked disappointed. “That’s it?” she asked, her face horror-stricken. 
“Well, I met his mom, she was very nice.” 
“Oh, come on! You know what I mean, did he kiss you?” 
I smiled and brushed the hair out of my face. “Oh, that’s what you wanted to know, why didn’t you say so?” I was literally driving her crazy. She looked like she was about to blow. 
“Okay!” I said, laughing at her. “Yes, he kissed me several times. But that’s all you’re getting.” 
“So, how was it? Is he a keeper?” 
I groaned. “Definitely. We have plans for dinner tomorrow, and hanging out here afterward.” 
We smiled at each other. “Isn’t it cool that we both have boyfriends?” she asked.
“I don’t know if he’s my boyfriend. It just happened today.” 
“Oh please, you two have been pining for each other for weeks. Believe me, that’s what he is.” 
My phone beeped; I had a text message. I reached for it and read, “Sweet dreams. Lucas.” I was touched at his message until Emma grabbed the phone from me and read it. 
“Oh, he is so your boyfriend.” I laughed as I tossed a pillow at her, which earned a smack in the head from hers. 






Chapter Eleven
Followed

I forced my eyes open, regretting the late night. We didn’t get to sleep until about two in the morning. The clock read nine a.m., and I still felt a little groggy. The sky was gray outside my window, which only made me want to stay inside my soft, warm blankets even more.
“Get up,” Emma said, shaking me. “I’m going to be late, I open the store today.” The store she was referring to was called Pizzazz, a woman’s boutique located next to The Pretzel Pit in the mall.
“Fine,” I grumbled, climbing out of bed and stumbling to the bathroom.
“I'll meet you downstairs,” I heard her yell from the hallway.
“Why the hell is she so perky?” I mumbled to myself as I hopped in the shower.

The hot water helped clear my head, and my thoughts went to Lucas. Just the image of him in my mind made me breathless and giddy. 
My spirits were still high when I got to work. That must have been the reason I didn’t mind so much when I was assigned the concession stand. It didn’t even bother me when a whiny little girl sneezed on my hand, or that a four-year-old boy knocked a container of popcorn all over me, although I was relieved when the time came to take my break…until Zack walked in.
I sat at the far table, enjoying my diet soda and dill pickle chips, when he and a few other people I worked with came in discussing one of the movies that was playing. 
“Hey, Sarah,” Zack said, plunking down in the chair next to mine. He smelled of butter and mint.
“Hey,” I answered, leaning back in my seat, balancing my soda can on my knee. 
“What time are you off?” 
It was hard to hear him over Jack and Chloe, who were arguing behind us about what movie they were going to watch when their shift was over.
I swallowed the chip I had just stuffed in my mouth. “Seven o’clock.” 
He smiled. “Me too. Do you want to stay and watch a movie with me?” 
Oh God, did he mean like a date? “Sorry, I have plans tonight.” There was a moment of uncomfortable silence. I didn’t know what to say so I stuffed another chip in my mouth; when in doubt, fill your face. He grinned at me, watching Jack and Chloe argue. 
I glanced at the old, dusty white clock on the back wall and stood up to leave, tossing my chip bag in the garbage and can in the recycling. My break was over. 
“Maybe some other time,” I heard him say, just as I was about to step out the door. I was so close. I cursed myself for not walking out sooner, or making up an excuse.
“Sure,” I said with a wave. I left the break room, regretting my response. 
Around five thirty, I received a text from Lucas: “Finished work, have news on Logan. See u @ 7:30.” What did that mean, news on Logan? Did he think I was the one who told his mother, and was he about to make my life hell at school? I really hoped not. I’d lived like that before at my previous school, and wasn’t interested in being someone else’s target. Logan might not be as bad as Stephanie Brown, but he’d made a few kids in our school miserable, and I hated the idea that I would be his next victim. 
At seven o’clock, I signed out and headed outside. The lot was empty of people since the movies were still running. While heading toward my car, I dropped my keys. Bending down to pick them up, I heard footsteps, even though I was no longer walking. I stood up and spun around. “Hello?” I called when I didn’t see anyone. I listened for an answer, or something that told me someone was just making their way to their car, but the only response was a distant siren and the hum of the big industrial fan for the theater's heating system. I took another step, and stopped quickly. Again I heard the footsteps. “Hello, is anyone there?” I repeated with a tremor in my voice. Nothing. A shiver of fear ran down my spine as I started running to my car. Now the sounds of heavy footfalls echoed behind me. My heart thudded in my chest.
Yanking my door open, I stumbled inside and slid the key into the ignition. Once the engine roared to life, I stepped on the gas and drove away as fast as I could. 
Through the rearview mirror, I saw a hooded figure standing where my car had been parked, staring after me. Fear overwhelmed me as I drove. Someone had followed me last week, and now this? Why was this happening, and who was that? 
I glanced down at my hands and saw that they were shaking. I needed time to calm down, so I pulled into the corner store near my house. I couldn’t let my family or Lucas see me like this. Taking a few deep breaths, I slid a CD into the stereo, hoping to take my mind off the hooded man. I sat for a while singing my favorite song, thankful no one I knew saw me sitting at an empty corner store by myself, singing along to the radio. They would think I was nuts. 
When I finally calmed down enough, I was a few minutes late to meet Lucas. I drove fast to my house to try to beat him, but when I pulled up to the driveway, his car was already there, parked out front. Crap. How was I going to explain why I was late? I glanced in the mirror to see if it was obvious that I was shaken up. I was a bit pale, but as long as no one looked too close, I could slip upstairs and splash water on my face. 
“Hey,” I said, stepping into the living room where my parents and Lucas were talking. Lucas turned around, smiling. When he saw my face, his expression changed to concern. 
“I’m sorry I’m late. Work was busy,” I lied. 
Lucas didn’t appear convinced; his eyes were still clouded with worry. “That’s okay, I haven’t been here long.” 
“We’re planning a Rock and Roll Wannabes competition for later tonight. Lucas thinks he can beat me.” My dad was grinning as he stood leaning against our couch with his arms folded in front of him.
“Oh…okay. I’ll be right back. I’m going to go change.” 
My parents went into the kitchen while Lucas followed me to the stairs. He grabbed my arm before I could start up the steps. “What’s wrong?” 
“Nothing, I just feel bad that I’m late.” 
With his brow furrowed, he hesitantly let go of me. 
“I won’t be long,” I said, trying to reassure him with a pasted-on smile. I rushed up the stairs, feeling guilty for lying. 
In my room, I changed into a jean skirt with black tights, red shirt, and a short, black leather jacket. Lastly, I fluffed my hair and reapplied my makeup. I looked less shaken, and I hoped Lucas would no longer be concerned. How could he tell I was upset? We hadn’t known each other that long. 
I met him downstairs, and we said goodbye to my parents. 
The night sky held a chill, which was normal for mid-October. My jacket was thin; I’d chosen it for looks, not warmth. I zipped it up and folded my arms in front of me. 
“You look beautiful,” Lucas said as he leaned in for a kiss. That was all it took to make me forget the cold weather and what happened earlier—flattery from my maybe boyfriend. 
My cheeks flushed. “Thank you.”
He opened the car door for me, then walked over to the driver’s side and climbed in. 
“So where are we going?” I asked, once we pulled away from my house.
“What do you think about the Chinese Dragon on Main Street?”
“I love it. They have the best Chinese food in town.” 
“Yeah, I know. I go there a lot, just don’t tell my parents.” 
“Your secret’s safe with me. Why would they care, though, they don’t serve Chinese food, do they?” 
“No, but it’s still a restaurant. I eat there when I want something different.”
“Like I said, I won’t tell.” I was in a much better mood just being near him. 

He pulled into the restaurant parking lot, shut off the car, and turned to me. “Are you going to tell me what was really wrong when you got home from work?” 
“I had a long day, that’s all. Now let’s go, I’m starving.” I smiled, hoping he wouldn’t push it any further. He must have believed me, because he opened his door and climbed out. We held hands as we headed into the restaurant.
Once we were seated at a table, I asked him what he meant in the text he sent me. 
“Logan lost his car for three weeks,” he said, grinning. 
“Oh no, is he mad?” And was he going to take it out on me? 
“He wasn’t happy. He thinks one of us told my mom, so he tried to pick a fight with me. But I was in too good a mood last night, I just walked away.” 
“Why were you in a good mood?” I asked, hoping I knew the answer.
“I kissed the prettiest girl in school.” 
“Who, Sherry Summers? That bitch!” 
He laughed. “I said the prettiest, and that would be you.” 
I was happy and embarrassed at the same time. I turned my head before my cheeks turned red. 
When the waitress came to our table, we ordered two sodas, and a variety of dishes to share. “So how was work?” he asked, taking a sip of his drink. 
I took a sip of my diet soda before I answered. “Good. It was fairly steady, so it went fast enough. Oh, and Zack asked me out on a date.” Why did I say that?
“What?” he asked, wide-eyed. “Who’s Zack?” 
“A guy at work, he started about three weeks ago. He’s okay, a bit weird maybe.”
“What do you mean?” He leaned back in his chair, waiting for my answer.
I sighed, I hadn’t planned on explaining, but since I started, I had to finish. “Marcy Becker told me that on his first night working, he asked a lot of questions about me, even though we hadn’t met yet.”
“That is weird. Why would he do that?”
“Well, my assistant manager mentioned my name, and Marcy said he looked like he recognized it.”
His right hand, which lay on the table, balled into a fist, his knuckles turning white. When I raised an eyebrow in question, he smiled, picked up his drink, and took a sip. His hand shook slightly, making his ice cubes jiggle. “Did you know him before?”
“No.” I glanced around the restaurant, hoping he would drop the subject.
The waitress came with our meal. The food smelled and looked delicious. I couldn’t wait to try it.
“What did you tell him about tonight when he asked you out?” he asked, his face blank.
I waited until the waitress finished laying out our food before I spoke. “I told him that I had plans.” I filled my plate with my favorites: rice, chicken balls, and chow mien. 
Lucas chose ribs, chicken balls, spicy beef, and orange chicken. Typical guy, all meat, no vegetables. 
“Didn’t you tell him that you had a boyfriend, so he doesn’t ask you again?” 
I froze, holding my fork in midair, about to take a bite. “Do I have a boyfriend? Is that what you are?” I was a little nervous to hear his answer.
“I hope so?” His sudden looked of uncertainty was charming. 
“Then if he asks me out again, I’ll tell him that I can’t, because I’m dating a very sweet guy.” My cheeks reddened as I spoke the words.
He smiled that beautiful smile that made my knees go weak. “Good. Then I don’t have to punch him out.” 
I laughed and began my meal. “So what was Logan like as a kid?” I asked, wondering how identical twins could be so different.
“Are you wondering why he’s such an ass?”
I nodded. “Maybe.”
“I don’t really know. We were always different. I loved to learn and read. Getting good grades just came naturally to me, but it didn’t to Logan. He struggled in school and hated that I was better than him in something.” He shrugged his shoulders. “Once we got into high school he changed, and every year he drifted away a little bit more.” 
I watched as he picked at his chicken, his face withdrawn. “It must be hard, especially since you’re twins.”
“It can be. It’s not like twins can read each other’s minds, but there is a bond. We were inseparable when we were kids. Now we hardly ever talk.”
I placed my hand on his free one and squeezed. He smiled and took a bite of chicken. I changed the subject, telling him about my odd relationship with Alex. We loved each other, but loved to fight even more.
Lucas grinned knowingly. He lifted his chopsticks, deciding to give them a try, but to no avail, dropping more food than what he stuffed into his mouth. He didn’t give up too easily, though, and it was fun to watch. Finally, he managed to grasp a chicken ball between the two sticks. “I did it,” he said triumphantly, holding it up in the air. His finger twitched, and he lost his grip. The chicken ball fell and rolled onto the floor, landing beside the shoe of a very large man with long, curly black hair. He was dressed head to toe in black leather. Biker dude was my first thought. 
I started to laugh, but a quick terrified look from Lucas silenced me. 
The man glanced down at the red-sauce-soaked chicken ball and then at Lucas. His black boot now had a spot of red on the edge. The man smiled and went back to his meal. 
Lucas breathed a sigh of relief. 
I started to giggle again; this time he joined me. “I guess it’s time to use this,” he said, picking up his fork.
When we finished our food, Lucas asked our waitress for the bill. 

Later that evening, we were immersed in a cutthroat game of Rock and Roll Wannabes. My dad and Lucas each played the guitar. I played the drums, and my mom sang. Alex was out with his friends, so thank God no one was around to witness me and my boyfriend hanging out with my parents. Lucas was usually in the lead, which led me to believe he had played many times before. It was weird; we actually had a lot of fun. My dad and Lucas laughed at my mom’s singing and my lack of drumming abilities, while we teased them about having nothing better to do than play video games. After about an hour, though, I had enough. 
“Well, that’s it for me. Luke, do you want to come upstairs and watch a movie?” He and my dad looked heartbroken. “Or I could leave you here to play while I go up and watch one.” 
Lucas smiled, pulling the strap over his head and placing the guitar against the wall. “No, I’ll come with you.” He turned to my dad. “That was fun, Mr. Samson. Next time I’ll bring over my car games, and we can race.” 
My dad smiled. “Call me Jim, and you’re on.” 
Holding hands, Lucas and I headed for the stairs. 
“Sarah, I’m not sure it’s a good idea for the two of you to be in your room alone,” my dad said, anxiety clear in his voice. 
I turned my head slightly. “Give me a break, Dad.” 
He continued to mutter complaints as we headed the rest of the way up the stairs. As I entered my room, I could have sworn I heard my mother’s laughter.






Chapter Twelve
Late Night

“Are you sure you should shut the door, after what your dad just said?” Lucas asked, once we were inside my room. 
I smiled at him. “If he has a problem with it, he can open it.” 
I took a few movies out of my collection and placed them in front of him to pick one. He chose one of my favorites, a thriller about a teenager who finds out his neighbor is a killer. I put it in, and we sat down on the small couch in the corner of my room. 
“Hey, how about some popcorn or chips?” I asked him. 
He thought about it. “You probably get sick of popcorn at work, so how about some chips?” 
“Good call. I’ll be back in a minute.” I stood up and headed downstairs.
I had just taken the last step onto the carpet when I heard, “Sarah, I like him very much, but if he tries to push you into something you're not ready for, I will throw him out on his ass!” My dad gestured wildly in the direction of my bedroom. He was pacing at the bottom of the stairs. 
I glanced at him, then at my mother to explain. 
She was sitting on the couch facing him. She laughed. “He’s been pacing ever since you went upstairs and we heard your door shut.” 
I tried to stifle my laughter. “Dad, relax, we’re just watching a movie. I shut the door because I didn’t want to feel like you were listening at the bottom of the stairs.” I raised my eyebrows, waiting for him to deny it. 
His lips pressed firmly together, and then he sighed deeply. “Fine, maybe I’m overreacting. I’ll sit in the living room with your mother.” He raised his arms in defeat and did what he said he would, taking the far side of the couch that just happened to have a perfect view of the staircase. He glanced up the steps, and then at me, showing me that he’d be watching. 
I rolled my eyes at him and strolled into the kitchen, taking out some chips from the pantry and a couple of sodas from the fridge. 
My mom came in as I was leaving. “You two are cute together, honey,” she said, smiling. “But I’ve got to say, I’m having a blast watching your father have a panic attack.” She opened the coffee pot and started scooping coffee into the filter. The strong smell of coffee filled the kitchen. 
“Why aren’t you worried like he is?”
“I trust you both, and I know Lucas better than your dad does. Don’t worry, he’ll get used to it.” She poured water into the machine, turned on the coffee pot, and set it for morning. 
I smiled at her. She was happy for me, and that made me feel good. I kissed her on the cheek. “Thank you for trusting me,” I said before heading up the stairs. 
On the top step, I stopped to listen to my parents argue quietly about letting me and Lucas stay in my room. I laughed softly. I had never seen this side of my dad. The closest he’d come to being so protective would have to be when he took the training wheels off my bike. I could still remember his panicked expression when I told him to let go of the bike after he’d run alongside me longer than necessary. 
“I’m okay, Daddy,” I’d said, feeling close to freedom, and yet he wouldn’t let go.
“Are you sure?” he’d asked, his eyes pained. 
“Yes, let go.”
“But I don’t want to,” he’d said. 
Now thinking back, I realized he wasn’t ready for me to grow up and be independent of him. He had the same panicked expression when he was pacing downstairs. He was afraid of losing me. 
I fumbled with my doorknob, afraid to drop one of the sodas. The door flew open, and Lucas took the drinks out of my hand. “Thank you,” I said, shutting the door behind me. 
I dropped the chips on the coffee table, and we settled on the couch to watch the movie. He put his hand on my leg and softly rubbed; it felt nice.
“My dad said if you try anything I’m not ready for, he’ll throw you out on your ass."  Looking terrified, he slowly lifted his hand. “Of course, he said that after he told me that he really liked you.” I laughed softly. Reaching over, I cupped my hand around his and guided it back onto my leg. “I was kidding, it’s okay.” 
 “He didn’t really say that?” He was visibly relieved. 
“Oh, he said it, but don’t worry, my mom and I will protect you.” His eyes widened. “Really, my dad likes you.” 
“Okay,” he said, still unsure. I leaned in and kissed him. He kissed me back, but cut it short, worried my father was listening at the door. 
We shifted our positions so he was sitting against the arm of the couch and I sat leaning against him. “Do you want to go to a movie tomorrow night?” he asked, wrapping his arms around me. The warmth of his arms and his sweet, spicy scent made me feel safe and content. 
“Sure, I’d love to. What time?”
“I get off at two. Do you know when the next movie starts?”
“There’s a good thriller that just opened that starts at seven o’clock.”
“I guess we’ll have some time to kill. Do you mind if I come over after work and hang out until it’s time to go?” He was leaning his chin on the top of my head. I could hear and feel him crunching on his chips.
“Of course I don’t mind.”
We grew quiet as we both became wrapped up in the plot. The neighbor was starting to terrorize the teenage boy. I shoved my face into Lucas’ arm when the psycho took out the chainsaw and was swinging it over their heads. 

I must have drifted off, because when I became aware, I was running hand in hand in a meadow with Lucas. He tripped, and I fell on top of him. We started kissing and rolling around on the grass until he was on top of me. A feeling of intense love overwhelmed me, almost taking my breath away. I took off his shirt, gazed into his eyes, and whispered, “I love you David.” 
 He smiled down at me, his eyes holding the same intense emotion that I was feeling. “Katie,” he whispered. “You are my life, my love, my joy.” 
I woke up with a start. Half asleep, I glanced around at my surroundings. I was still on the couch with Lucas’ arms around me. I could hear his heavy breathing. The TV was black; the movie must have ended and shut off on its own. 
“My love, my joy,” Lucas whispered in his sleep. 
Those were the same words I just heard in my dream. Was he having the same one? How was that possible? This was getting spooky. Should I tell him that we were having the same dreams? What did it mean? My head was full of questions and absolutely no answers. My eyes widened when I saw the red numbers on my digital clock radio; it was three a.m. 
I stood up and slipped into the hall. The house was quiet. My parents and brother were in bed. I couldn’t believe my father didn’t wake us. I thought about leaving Lucas sleeping, he looked so peaceful, but I was sure his mother would be worried if he didn’t come home. 
Shaking his shoulder, I whispered in his ear, “Lucas.”
He jumped up onto his feet with a bewildered look on his face. I laughed. I couldn’t help it; he looked so comical, his eyes were wide, and his head was bobbing around. “Holy shit, I fell asleep.” He rubbed his hands over his face. “Your dad is going to kill me.” 
I reached up to stroke his shoulders, trying to soothe him. “Relax, I fell asleep too. He must have checked on us when they went to bed. I don’t understand why they didn’t wake us up, though. I wanted to let you sleep, but I figured your mom would be worried.” 
He looked over at the clock and frowned. “Yeah, she will be. I’d better go.” He bent down to kiss me softly. “So I guess we slept together. Was it good for you?” he said with a grin. 
I gave him a shove, knocking him off balance. 
He laughed. “I’m awake now. Walk me down, so you can lock the door behind me.” 

I kissed him goodbye in front of the open door. “See you tomorrow. I’ll try to call you from work,” he called over his shoulder as he stepped through the doorway. 
I turned the lock and peeked out the small window, watching his car pull away before I went back upstairs. 
“So he’s just leaving now?” my dad asked, standing in front of my bedroom door. He had bed head and was wearing his red plaid flannel robe.
“What are you doing awake? I just peeked in your room, you and mom were sleeping.” 
“I woke up when I heard you going downstairs. I looked in on you when we went to bed at midnight, and you were sleeping, so I wanted to check every few hours to make sure that’s all you were doing.” 
“Why didn’t you just wake us up?” 
“I didn’t want you to think I don’t trust you.”
I raised an eyebrow; his actions earlier told me differently. 
His forehead creased. “Honey, your mother had a rather long chat with me about my behavior tonight. I do trust you, but I’m not used to you having a boyfriend. Those other guys you dated didn’t mean anything to you. I knew that, so when I saw how serious you and Lucas seemed to be tonight, so quickly, I panicked. But I’m over it.”
Leaning up, I kissed him on the cheek. “Okay, good night, Dad.” 
He grunted, heading back to his room, and I went in mine. 
I lay on my bed, wondering if Lucas made it home yet, replaying the dream in my mind. The memory of how I felt as I gazed into his eyes shocked me. I had never felt such a strong emotion and didn’t realize it was possible. It was strange how strong the feeling toward him was, since I hadn’t known him that long. The odd thing was, although I liked Lucas a lot, more than I thought possible, my feelings were nowhere near as strong as they were in the dream. Not yet anyway. My phone beeped, waking me from my thoughts. 
I leaned over and picked it up off my nightstand. It read: “I’m home, see you tomorrow. Luke.” 

The next morning, after my shower, I did my homework. There wasn’t much, since I skipped my last two classes on Friday. My mother hadn’t mentioned it all weekend. I hoped that meant she had forgotten, but I knew that I wouldn’t be that lucky. Sooner or later, she’d make her move. 
I went downstairs to have some cereal. The smell of bacon changed my mind.
“So what’s up for today?” my mother asked me from the kitchen table. My parents were having their breakfast and reading the paper. 
“Not much, but tonight I’m going to the movies with Lucas.” 
She smiled, tucking her disheveled hair behind her ear. “Did you do your homework?” 
“Yes, I just finished it before I came down.”
 “Don’t be out too late, you have school tomorrow.” She took a bite of her toast.
“I know, Mom, don’t worry about it. Hey, Dad, are you feeling better than you were last night?” I asked, grinning at him. There was a plate of bacon and eggs sitting on the counter. I picked it up and sat down with my parents.
“Yes. I told you that I’d work on it. But just don’t stay out until three a.m.” 
I laughed. “I’ll try.”
“Emma called when you were in the shower,” my mom said, getting up from the table to put her dishes in the dishwasher. 
“I’ll call her when I finish breakfast.” 

“Hey, what are we doing today?” Emma asked, once I returned to my room and called her. 
“Why, what’s up with Derrick?”
“Ugh…he’s stuck visiting his aunt for the day. I’m bored; please tell me Lucas is working so you can hang out with me.” I could hear a familiar buzzing sound on Emma’s end of the line, and I knew it was her cat, Freckles,, purring. I could picture Emma sprawled back on her pillows with her legs lifted up against the wall, and her very overweight cat lying on the pillow beside her. 
“Lucas is working, so I can hang out with you.”
“Really? Damn, I’m good. What else will you do if I tell you to?”
“Nothing. How about lunch, I’m buying.”
“Ooh, I knew there was a reason we were friends. Since you’re buying, I’ll drive. I’ll pick you up in twenty minutes.”
“Sure, I’ll meet you out front.” I hung up and rushed into the bathroom. I didn’t have a chance to tell her where I wanted to go. 

 



Chapter Thirteen
Surprise

“Are you serious? You’re taking me to his family’s restaurant?” Emma asked. Her voice was a little loud considering we were standing at the front entrance. 
“Well, we need to eat, and I get to sneak a peek at Lucas. Why not kill two birds with one stone?” 
She smiled. “I’m kidding. You’re lucky to have a boyfriend with a chef as a father. My boyfriend’s dad could do my taxes, but cooking is much cooler.” 
We stepped inside and were greeted by Lisa. “Hello, girls, table for two?” she asked with a knowing grin. Lucas’ mom must have spilled the beans. I couldn’t picture Lucas telling everyone we were together.
“Hi, Lisa, that would be great.”
“Follow me. I’ll put you in Luke’s section or he’ll kill me.” She led us to a booth. The restaurant wasn’t that busy, but the people that were there were a tad noisy. A big group took up two tables at the back, probably celebrating a birthday. Presents sat on the table, and they were talking loudly.
“Thanks,” we said in unison, sliding in on opposite sides. 
“Enjoy your meal. Lucas will probably be here as soon as he sees you.” 
We laughed. She gave us a smile then headed back to her station to greet an older couple who had just walked in. 
I saw Lucas at a table by the window, but he was busy taking an order. When he finished, he turned around and met my gaze. He smiled instantly, brightening his face, and hurried over to our table. “Well, aren’t I lucky today, two beautiful girls at my station.” He bent down for a quick kiss and then glanced around to make sure no one was watching. 
“You better be careful, Lucas, or the rest of your customers will expect the same service,” Emma said with laughter in her voice. 
“Well, we’re not really supposed to fraternize with the customers. But I thought I’d make this one exception.” Emma and I laughed. “This is unexpected; I didn’t think I’d see you until later.” He leaned against the booth beside me. “Why didn’t you tell me that you were coming?” 
“Because then it wouldn’t be a surprise, would it?”
“No, I guess not, and I like surprises. I’ll go get you some menus.” 
I watched him walk over to a counter where a girl in the same uniform was standing. He said something to her that made her laugh. 
I looked back at Emma, who was grinning. “What?” I asked.
“I’m so happy you found someone you really like, Sarah, although I’m a little surprised at Lucas. Who knew he was this cool. What are you guys doing later?”
“We’re going to the movies.” 
“You’re hooked, aren’t you? If he can get you to go there without a fight, you’re gone. There’s no turning back.” 
I sighed. “Yep, I can deny him nothing.”
“Who can’t you deny?” Lucas said, sneaking up behind me. He was holding two menus in his hand.
My cheeks heated. “Nothing.” 
“Pick whatever you’d like, it’s on the house.” He placed the menus in front of us. 
“Oh no, Lucas we couldn’t—” 
He lifted a hand to cut me off. “My parents own the restaurant. You should have some perks since you’re dating their son.” 
Emma and I both smiled. “Thank you.” 
“I’ll be back,” he said, before hurrying to another table. 
“So what are you going to order?” I asked, opening the menu just as a plump woman wearing a red checkered dress walked by and bumped me in the head with her purse. 
Emma laughed. “I don’t know, what do you recommend?” 
“I was only here once with my mom, and I only had a sandwich and a salad.” 
We read the menu silently, and once we decided, Emma asked, “So how do you know the hostess?” 
“I don’t really. She looks familiar, but I’ve never talked to her before. She’s in the eleventh grade at our school. Lucas was telling me about her. Actually, you two would get along great.” 
She raised an eyebrow, clearly intrigued. “Why?” 
“He said if you want information about anything, she’s the one to go to. She knew once that Logan cheated on a test; no one knows how. She told their mom, and Logan lost his phone for a month. Friday night at his house, his mom knew about what happened with Logan and me, but wouldn’t reveal her source.” 
Her eyes brightened. “Lisa? I like her. Is Logan in trouble for what he did to you?” 
I groaned. “Yeah, he lost his car for two weeks, and he thinks one of us told his mom. So he tried to pick a fight with Lucas.” 
“Like a fist fight? 
“Yes, it’s happened before. Logan punched Lucas, but it was Lucas that gave him a black eye.” 
She scrunched her eyebrows. “Lucas, really, who knew?”
“Hey, what’s that supposed to mean?” my boyfriend asked, walking up to our table. We both looked up at him. God, he was so cute. 
“I’m a little surprised, that’s all. You seem more like the book reading type than a fighter,” Emma explained.
Lucas scoffed. “Hey, I don’t fight, I defend myself, he came after me. And what do you mean, the book reading type?” 
“Nothing, Lucas, you’re a big strong guy,” I said, grinning at him. 
He ignored the obvious sarcasm in my voice. “Thank you. Now what do you want for lunch?” He took out a notepad and pen.
“I’ll have the chicken caesar salad, please, with a diet cola.” 
“I’ll have the same,” Emma said, when Lucas glanced at her.
“You guys are boring,” he said, shaking his head, shoving the notepad in his pocket without using it. He picked up our menus and walked away. 
Emma started telling me about a trip she and Derrick were planning. They wanted to go see The Pink Ladies and Monster Ball. They were playing in a concert in Burlington, which was three hours away. That meant spending the night. 
Her parents were concerned about the sleeping over part. “So I was thinking, you and Lucas could go with us. We could share a room, and the guys could share one. My parents said I could go if you went, so please, it will be so much fun, and the two of you will get to see a great concert. Everybody wins.” 
I thought about my father’s reaction to us watching a movie together in my room. “I doubt my dad would go for that, but we’ll think about it. When is it?” 
She averted her eyes, and started to fidget with the buttons on her blouse. “Friday night. We’d have to leave right after school, and we’d have to buy our tickets today, or there might not be any left.”
I sighed, knowing that the chances of me going were very slim. “Fine, I’ll talk to Lucas when he comes back and my parents when we get home.” 
“Awesome. Do you work Friday?” she asked absently, turning her head as a woman passed holding a screaming baby. 
“Not until Saturday at three o’clock. Would we be back by then?”
“Yes, I think so.” 
Lucas came with our lunch. His sweet and spicy scent smelled better than the food. 
“Hey, what do you say about going to a concert in Burlington with Derrick and Emma? Emma’s parents don’t want her to do an overnighter alone with her boyfriend. So she thought we could go, to appease her parents. What do you think?” I asked him. 
Of course he smiled. What teenage male would turn down an overnight trip with his girlfriend? 
“Sounds fun, when?”
“Friday after school, but we’d be back by Saturday afternoon. The catch is we’d have to buy the tickets today, so we have to ask our parents as soon as possible.”
“My parents won’t care, and I can get Saturday off. I can’t see your dad agreeing though,” Lucas said, his smile fading. 
“Well, ask him anyway, maybe your mom could convince him,” Emma suggested hopefully. “Let me know so I can order the tickets online and book a hotel room.” 
“I’ll go ask my parents right now. Eat,” he said, pointing at my food. “When you’re finished, I want to show you the kitchen, and you can meet my dad.” He turned around and walked through a door that must lead to the kitchen. 
I took a bite of my salad. “Mmm. That’s good.”
“Isn’t it? It’s just a caesar salad, but I think it’s the best I’ve ever tasted,” Emma said, shoving another bite into her mouth. “So why don’t you call your mom and ask her now, we’re running out of time.” 
I scowled at her, not looking forward to asking my parents’ permission for something like this. My dad was just getting used to Lucas and me dating. I had a feeling he wouldn’t be happy with us going away together so soon. 
I took my phone out of my bag and dialed my home number. 
“Hello,” my mom answered, after it rang once. 
“Hey, Mom, what are you doing?” 
“Just doing some laundry, how’s lunch?”
“Very good. Listen, I have something to ask you, and I want you to remember that you said you trust me.” 
She sighed on the other end. “What is it?” 
I went into the whole thing about Emma and Derrick, and how she wanted us to come, and we thought it sounded fun. I also pointed out that I was very trustworthy and never got into trouble. When I was finished speaking, she paused briefly, thinking about my question. I looked at Emma as I was waiting for my mom to speak. She was staring at me, holding her breath. 
“I’ll talk to your dad. I’ll call you back soon.”
“Thanks, Mom,” I said as I hung up. “She’s going to talk to my dad, but she’s okay with it.” 
Emma squealed. “That usually means yes. Your dad is more of a pushover than your mom.” 
I laughed; she hadn’t seen him since I started dating Lucas. “Usually, but since I have a boyfriend he’s more protective.” 
“I can vouch for that, he was going to kick my ass last night,” Lucas said, appearing in front of us. 
Emma glanced up at him, curiosity burning in her eyes. “Why, what did you do?” 
“Nothing, she’s the one that shut the door to her bedroom when we were watching a movie.” He pointed at me accusingly. 
“Yeah, but it didn’t help that you fell asleep, and didn’t leave until three a.m.” 
“I think you have some gossip for me, but first, Lucas, what did your parents say?” Emma asked. 
He smiled, showing perfect white teeth. “No problem, like I said.” 
Now that I was the only unsure one, I really wanted to go, although I knew my dad wouldn’t let me. My phone rang, making my heart speed up. “Well, I guess I’m about to get my answer.” 
They both stared at me, their faces holding matching nervous expressions. I answered and listened to what my mother had to say. After I hung up, I scowled. 
“I knew your dad wouldn’t let you. Maybe if I don’t go, he’ll change his mind.” Lucas was trying to be positive, but his eyes showed his disappointment. 
“Sure, but you’re going to miss a great time, I’ll miss you,” I said, smiling. 
“You can go?” they both asked. 
“Yes.” My cheeks hurt from the wide grin on my face
Lucas leaned in to kiss me quickly, and then pulled away. “I’d better get back to work before they fire me.” He rushed off, disappearing through a door in the back. 
“Yeah! I have to call Derrick.” Emma took out her phone and dialed.
Ignoring her as she rambled into her phone, I ate my salad quickly. When I finished, I stood up from the table. “I’ll be back in a minute,” I told her. She nodded, but kept talking to Derrick as she picked at her salad with her fork.
I approached the door that Lucas had entered and was about to push it open when I heard a voice. “I’m sorry, miss, staff only through that door. Are you looking for the restrooms?” 
I turned to see a waiter standing in front of me, holding an empty tray. He was tall, with shoulder-length black hair, a crooked nose, and a large scar over his right eyebrow. He looked older than me, about twenty. I was about to tell him that I was searching for Luke when the door opened and Lucas almost ran into me. 
“Hey.” He smiled. “Are you finished?”
“Yeah, Emma’s on the phone, I thought I’d come find you.” 
The waiter cleared his throat. “I’m sorry, I didn’t realize she was with you.” That was all he said before he walked away. 
Lucas stared after him then turned to me for an explanation. 
“I was about to go in there and look for you, but he stopped me.” 
“That’s Mark,” he said, taking my hand to lead me into the kitchen. 
It was huge, with industrial-size stainless steel appliances against the back wall, and a big counter in the center for food preparation. His mother was off to the side against another wall making salads. It was loud and confusing, with about four people making different dishes. Pots simmered on the stove with yummy smells seeping out of them. A variety of meats sizzled on a large grill. The scent of melted butter and onions drifted from a frying pan, making my stomach think it was hungry again.
Waiters were rushing in and placing orders on a high counter, then taking plates and rushing back out. It was chaos.
His mother looked up at us and smiled. “Sarah! Luke said you were here, I’m glad you came in to see us.” She glanced at Lucas. “Table four’s order is ready to take out, Sarah is fine.” 
He looked at me, not sure if he should leave. I nodded, and he went to take care of his order. 
Karen washed her hands then motioned me to come over. 
“I’m not in the way, am I?” I asked, feeling out of place.
“No, not at all.” She took my hand and pulled me over to the man in the center. He was around the same age as my dad, with black hair, dark eyes that sparkled, bushy eyebrows, and a round face. He looked like the kind of man that was full of mischief. He stood on the other side of the counter, wearing a white chef’s coat and a matching white chef’s hat that covered his thick hair.
“So this is the girl who’s stolen my boy’s heart. It’s lovely to meet you, Sarah, I’ve heard a lot about you.” Nick Tate smiled warmly. 
All my nerves melted away. He had the same smile Lucas had, one that lit up his whole face; it made me smile. “It’s nice to meet you too, Mr. Tate.” 
He scoffed. “Call me Nick.” He started spreading some seasoning on chicken. 
“You have a really nice restaurant, Nick. I love the food here.” 
With a laugh, he said, “Yeah, right, Lucas told me all you had was a salad. But don’t worry, I’ll have you trying new things in no time. Why don’t you come for dinner Wednesday night, that’s our one free night, when I have my sous chef working. What do you say? Do you want to try some of my cooking? It won’t be too strange.” He glanced at Karen. “Don’t forget to bring the octopus home for our dinner.” 
I gasped; everyone who was paying attention laughed. 
“I’m kidding. We’ll save that for the next time you come over,” Nick said with a chuckle. 
The doors swung open, revealing Lucas. “Are you scaring her, Dad?” He laughed softly, having heard what had been said. 
Nick winked at me. “She looks tough, she can take it.” 
“Dad, don’t put her on the spot,” Lucas said, then looked at me. “You don’t have to come over if you don’t want to.”
“No, that’s okay, it will be fun. I’d love to.”
“Great. So have you met everybody?”
“No. But she will,” Karen said, and then proceeded to introduce me to the staff that was there, only I didn’t remember any of their names. Like an elephant in a glass shop, I felt out of place. Every time I moved, I seemed to be in someone’s way. 
“And this is our temporary dishwasher,” Karen said, clearly oblivious to my discomfort. We stopped in front of an enormous double sink. There was a tall guy standing in front of it washing pots. I only saw his back, but I had an idea who he was. He turned around and scowled at me. 
“Logan, I want you to apologize to Sarah and get rid of that snarly look on your face. You’re doing dishes because of your behavior, not hers!” She didn’t yell at him, but her voice was so firm Logan smoothed his features. 
“I’m sorry if I scared you, Sarah. It won’t happen again.” For a second he actually looked sincere, making me think there was a side of him he didn’t show anyone. 
“It’s all right, Logan, I hope we can forget about it and start fresh,” I replied sincerely. Since I was dating his brother, we would have to get along. I also hoped that by saying this he wouldn’t retaliate.
His eyes lit up for a second, then changed to indifference. “Whatever,” he said with a shrug, turning back to his pots. 
I turned around when Lucas took my hand. 
“Mom, I’m taking a quick break. Lisa, will you tell Emma that Sarah will be out in a minute?” he asked the hostess, who was walking out to the dining room. 
“Sure” she said, before slipping through the doors. 
He pulled me into a small pantry, wrapped his arms around me, and whispered in my ear. “I’m glad you came to visit me.” His hot breath on my cheek sent chills through my body. He lowered his lips to touch mine for a very gentle kiss, which deepened gradually. 
The door swung open. Logan stood in the doorway staring at us as we both turned to face him. 
“Mom, Lucas and Sarah are making out in the pantry!” he said loudly, picking up a box of what looked like powdered dish soap. 
His mom walked by the open door. “That’s nice, dear.” 
When he shut the door, our eyes locked, and we started to laugh. 
“I’m looking forward to next weekend, how about you?” he asked after our laughter subsided. I just nodded, breathless by his proximity. “Am I making you nervous?” he whispered. I nodded again. “Good.” He leaned down to kiss me. I lifted my hands up to slip my fingers through his hair as his lips parted, taking us to a new level. I was lost in the kiss. But one thought suddenly popped in my head—Emma. 
I drew back, out of breath and shaking. 
“What’s wrong?” he whispered. 
“I hate to leave, but you have to get back to work, and I should get back to Emma.” 
He nodded his head. “You’re so responsible.” He poked the end of my nose with his finger.
“I know, and I hate it.” 
His hand slipped into mine and together we walked out to the dining room. He kissed my knuckles before letting my hand drop. “I’ll come over around three o’clock.” 
“Great.” I waved at him and then made my way through the now busy restaurant to my table. 
“You ready?” I asked Emma. 
She was finished with her salad and stood up beside me. “Yep. Derrick ordered the tickets and booked us adjoining rooms.”
We waved to Lisa on our way out.
 




Chapter Fourteen
A Peaceful Afternoon

The house was quiet when I stepped inside after Emma dropped me off. “Hello,” I yelled, walking into the kitchen. I saw a note on the island and picked it up. It was from my mom, explaining that she, Dad, and Alex went out for some shopping and dinner.
As I ascended the stairs to my bedroom, I texted Lucas, telling him to come up to my room, no one was home. Since the house was so quiet, I popped in a CD, turned the volume to low, and fell onto my bed with a book.

I must have fallen asleep, though, because the next thing I knew, I was opening my eyes, feeling groggy. I could hear the sound of shuffling papers in the corner of my room. Startled, I spun my head towards the noise…I wasn’t alone. But instead of panicking, I felt a thrill of excitement. Lucas sat at my desk bent over a notebook, scribbling quickly with a pen. A throw blanket, which had been on the couch earlier, covered me up to my shoulders, and the book was lying on the nightstand with my bookmark holding my place. I didn’t remember doing any of this. “Did you cover me up?” I asked.
He jumped, and whirled around to look at me. 
I laughed. 
“God you scared me, I thought you were sleeping.” He was laughing now. 
“I was. I just woke up. Did you do this?” I asked again, lifting up the blanket. 
“Yes, you looked comfortable, I didn’t want to wake you, and you looked cold.” He closed his textbook and swiveled in the chair. “I was going to lie down with you, but for one thing, I haven’t finished my homework yet. I thought I could get it done while you slept. And I didn’t know when your parents were coming home.” 
I grinned, leaning up against my headboard. “Did you finish your homework?” 
He nodded. “Almost.” 
“My parents won’t be home until after supper, we have the place to ourselves.” 
“In that case.” He whipped his pen onto the desk and stood up. “I’m finished. Move over.” He jumped onto the bed, making me and the pillows bounce. I giggled as he wrapped me in his arms. 
We fell silent, listening to the wind outside blow the tree branches against the windows, and the sounds of each other breathing. We stayed like that for some time, lying comfortably in each other’s arms. 
“What time is it?” I asked him when the sky outside turned dark gray. I hadn’t spoken in a while, so my voice sounded extra loud in the quiet room.
He glanced at the clock beside him. “Four o’clock. Do you want to go out for dinner before the movie?” 
“We have leftovers I could heat up. My mom made lasagna last night.”
“Sounds great.” 
We grew quiet again. I was comfortable and still a little groggy from my nap. 
“So what did you think of my father?” he asked. His voice was soft and peaceful.
“He’s a charmer. I like your mother too, she’s very nice.” 
“They loved you. Even Logan was on good behavior. I hope he keeps it up until Wednesday when you come over for dinner.” 
I laughed, remembering our time in the pantry when Logan caught us. “How do you think he’ll act tomorrow at school?”
His hands rubbed my arm, gently. “Do you mean, will he give you a hard time?”
I nodded.
“No, he won’t, I already had a talk with him, and told him you had nothing to do with telling Mom.”
My eyes widened. “That’s all you said?”
A short rumble of laughter vibrated in his chest. “There might have been a threat in there as well, but don’t worry about it.”
I couldn’t help but worry. Logan was famous for his ill treatment of our school mates. But I couldn’t think about that now, there was nothing I could do about it anyway. I’d have my answers soon enough. In order to change the subject from his twin, I asked, “What have Andy and Kyle been up to this weekend? Weren’t you supposed to go to a party with them?”
He leaned above me, tracing my arm with his finger. My skin tingled under his touch. “Yes, but I’d much rather be with you,” he murmured. “So now that we’re together, do you mind if we eat lunch with you guys?” 
“You’re a package deal, aren’t you?” 
“Yep, just like you, Derrick and Emma.” 
I chuckled at the thought of our once cozy threesome, now growing. “I would love for you to sit with us.” 
I turned to face him, brushing my lips against his. It was meant to be a quick one, but he held my head to keep me from pulling away. He kissed me softly, ending it by lying back on the bed and tucking me into the crook of his shoulder. He sighed happily. “I could stay like this all day. I’m so comfortable with you, Katie.” His voice was soft, so I could have misunderstood, but I was sure I hadn’t.
I sucked in a breath. “What did you call me?” Afraid to move, I left my head resting on his shoulder, staring at my cream-colored wall. 
“Sarah. Why, what do you think I said?” His tone was normal; maybe I had heard wrong. 
“Nothing,” I mumbled, listening to his heartbeat. Had I imagined the name? I was sure I heard him say it. I looked up at him; he was smiling warmly at me. 
“Did you have a dream last night when we fell asleep on the couch?” 
He arched a brow. “Not that I remember. Why?” 
Was this Katie thing all in my mind? “No reason.” I laid my head back down on his chest. Was I hearing things now? But what about my dreams, they were definitely real. Had I been thinking about them, and misunderstood him? 
My stomach growled, interrupting my chaotic thoughts; thankfully, Lucas didn’t seem to notice. “I’m hungry, let’s go down and eat.” I sat up, tossing the throw blanket off me.
“No. I never want to leave. I’m so comfortable,” he whined.
“Fine then, I get all the lasagna.” I climbed off the bed and took off running out the door. I heard his footsteps behind me. 
Thick, strong arms wrapped around me just as I reached the stairs. “You know, I could just pick you up and carry you back into the bedroom,” he whispered, nuzzling the back of my neck, causing goose bumps to break out along my skin. 
 “Yes, you could, but I’m hungry.” My voice came out in a whisper.
“Fine.” He let me go and took my hand, walking down the stairs beside me.
In the kitchen, I took out the lasagna and placed it in the oven to reheat. Then I took out half of an Italian loaf, and garlic butter. Lucas cut the bread into pieces while I buttered it. When we were finished, we put the pieces on a pan in the oven with the lasagna. 
As we waited for our dinner, we hung out in the living room, watching TV. The smell of garlic and tomato sauce drifted out of the kitchen.
When the oven timer went off, I stood up to get our food. 
We ate in the dining room, with the sound of a game show still playing on the TV. “This is good, your mom could work for my dad,” Lucas mumbled between bites.
“I’ll tell her you approve. So tell me about growing up as a twin. Was it annoying when people couldn’t tell you apart?” 
“Sometimes, but the worst was when you thought I was Logan.”
“What, are you serious? I had never seen you without your glasses, how was I supposed to know.”
“I didn’t say it made sense, just that it bothered me. I had real feelings for you, and you thought I was my brother. It was a major blow to my ego.”
“Don’t worry too much; I was relieved that it turned out to be you.”
“Why?”
Feeling embarrassed about the real reason, I decided to lie. “Isn’t it obvious, it’s Logan we’re talking about.”
His eyes narrowed, assessing me. “What are you not telling me?”
I raised my eyebrows in an attempt to appear innocent. “Nothing.” 
He paused, holding his fork midair, and grinned. “I don’t believe you.” 
I shook my head, taking another bite. 
“Oh, you’re going to have to tell me, or I’ll get it out of you somehow,” he threatened with a playful smile.
I shook my head. “Nope, sorry.” I bit my lip, trying to keep a straight face. 
He stood up, and slowly walked toward me. 
I got up quickly, my chair falling to the floor, and took off running. I knew what he was going to do. He caught me as I ran into the living room and started to tickle me until I screamed. “Fine, I’ll tell you,” I gasped between shrills of laughter.
I was breathless when he let me go. I straightened and took a few deep breaths; man, I hated being tickled. He stood in front of me, with a wide grin on his face. I really wanted to wipe it off, but I was afraid if I tried, he would do it again. Now that he knew my weak spot, I was afraid he’d use it. 
“When you stood in my line, I was in a bad mood. I didn’t sleep well the night before, and I hated working concession. So when I thought it was Logan, I was annoyed. But I did notice that he looked better, he was dressed casual, and I liked his hair. I remember being upset with myself for thinking it.”
“You really thought I was better looking than Logan?” 
“Well, you are twins. But yeah, I did, and I was thankful when it was you that I thought that about, and not him.” 
He took the few steps between us and wrapped his arms around me. “For some reason, I’m drawn to you, and I’ve wanted you here in my arms for a long time.”
His mood shifted from playful to intense emotion in a blink of an eye, leaving me breathless. I pulled away, not sure how to react to his extreme mood change, and led him back to the table, where we finished our meal. 

We pulled into the parking lot outside the theater, an hour later. Walking hand in hand through the lot, I suddenly remembered being followed here last night. I tightened my grip on his hand, glancing around to make sure no one was hovering anywhere in a hooded sweatshirt. 
“Are you okay, what’s wrong? You look like you’ve seen a ghost.” His eyes were full of concern.
“I’m fine, just a little cold,” I lied. When we reached the building, I tried not to make it obvious how thankful I was to be out of the parking lot. 
He opened the heavy glass door for me, and we wandered over to the line that was formed in front of the ticket booth. Lucas was telling me about the rest of his shift at the restaurant when I noticed Stephanie Brown in line ahead of us. 
“Oh crap,” I mumbled quietly, looking at the floor. I wasn’t in the mood for an argument with her. 
“What?” He stopped mid-sentence, and glanced around to see what I was talking about. 
“See that girl up ahead with the blond hair?” I nodded in her direction without looking up. 
“Yeah, what about her?” he asked, looking in her direction.
“Don’t look at her!” I pulled his face back toward me. “I went to school with her my first year. I’ll tell you the rest when we get inside.”
“Okay,” he said, looking confused. 
We moved up in line and saw Stephanie walking away. She was with the puppets, Tara and Trudy, and they were giggling like a couple of hyenas. Considering they were a year older than me, I wondered if they would ever grow up. 
I felt relief when the trio disappeared into another theater. 
We slipped into a dark room across the hall. 
“How about here?” Lucas asked me, motioning to a couple of seats in the back. 
“Perfect.”
“So what was all of that about, with that girl?” He gestured with his thumb to the door after we took our seats.
I sighed. “Did you know I went to a private school, my first year?” I asked, turning to face him. He nodded, and I continued. “Well, her name is Stephanie, and she considered herself the queen of the school. She bossed people around, and they listened to her. After a week of being the new kid, this guy came to my table where I sat alone at lunch one day, and welcomed me.”
“That was nice of him.” 
“It was, and I appreciated it. But after he left, I noticed Stephanie staring at me. The next day no one would talk to me. I didn’t think much about it since I was new. But it continued for about a week. Ryan, that was his name, came over again and explained that she had told everyone to ignore me because we had talked. They used to go out, and she still liked him.”
His eyes widened. “Why would anyone listen to her?”
“That’s what I asked. Apparently, she’s from an old rich powerful family, and they still have connections. Anyway, I told him that I didn’t care what she did, and after that we started hanging out, but only as friends. 
“A few months later she asked me over for a sleepover. I knew it was weird, but I was hoping she would finally let people speak to me if I went.” I paused to catch my breath. His face looked serious, like he was anticipating something unpleasant. “We went up to her room, and she started to ask odd questions. Then she pulled out a huge pair of scissors. Her friends held me down while she cut my hair.”
“She cut your hair? What a bitch!” 
I smiled at him, appreciating his reaction. “My mom took me the next day to a salon and had it styled, and I never returned to that school. I still keep in touch with Ryan every once in a while, but I’d just rather forget my time there.”
He gave me a thoughtful look. “I’m sorry you went through that, Sarah.” He leaned in to kiss me. “Is that why you’re worried about Logan?”
I simply nodded, hoping to end the conversation.
“Don’t worry, I’m here now, no one will mess with you.” He wrapped his arm around me, and in the safety of his strong arms, I believed him.
The lights went down, and the movie started. It was good. I enjoyed watching it with Lucas, holding his hand. 
When it was over, I was thankful we were able to duck out without seeing Stephanie and her friends again. 

Lucas dropped me off outside my house, and after a long kiss, I waved goodbye and let myself in. The house was quiet and dark. The only light came from the small bulb above the stove. The smell of garlic still lingered in the kitchen. 
It was after eleven; everybody must have gone to bed. I tiptoed up the stairs so I wouldn’t wake anyone. 
The sound of Alex’s music playing quietly told me that he was still awake. When I walked past his room I heard the clicking of computer keys. 
I knew that the excitement I felt over Lucas would keep me awake, so I crawled under my covers with Pride and Prejudice—I still hadn’t finished it for school—and fell into the world of fancy balls and corsets as Mr. Darcy admitted to Elizabeth how he felt for the first time. I loved this book, but when the words started to blur, I closed it with a sigh, turned off my light, and waited for sleep to take me.






Chapter Fifteen
Chicks & Babes

I was about to open my car door the next morning when Lucas pulled in behind me. 
He rolled down the passenger window and called out, “Hey, cutie, want a ride?” 
I smiled, very happy to see him. “Sure.” I abandoned my SUV for his sports car, opened the door, and stepped inside. 
“How are you today?” he asked. 
“Fine.” I stuffed my bag in the backseat beside his as he pulled onto the road, and headed in the direction of school. “You seem in a good mood.”
He grinned. “I am. I had a great weekend.” 
“What a coincidence, so did I.” I leaned down to turn the radio up as one of my favorite songs came on. “I’m surprised to see you this morning. You didn’t tell me that you were picking me up.” 
“I wasn’t planning to, but when I woke up, I missed you.” 
I gave him a timid smile. “Me too.” My voice was softer than I had intended, but I suddenly felt shy, which was ridiculous after the weekend we had spent together. 
The short ride to school was quiet. An air of awkwardness had fallen upon us that hadn’t been there the last few days. Maybe it was because we were suddenly back to reality, and facing everyone at school. 
We arrived just as the bell rang, walking side by side to the front doors. I kept my hand in my pocket. I wasn’t ready for all the gawking stares I knew we would receive if we held hands. He gave me a quick kiss, and we headed to our separate lockers. 
“How was your weekend?” Derrick whispered once I sat in my seat for English. Miss Reynolds was gathering some papers, so she wasn’t paying attention. 
I turned around. “Good, how was yours?” I asked.
“What? That’s all I get? You told Emma all the juicy details, and I get ‘good’?” He sounded irritated. 
I laughed. “You’re a guy, you want details, ask Lucas.” 
He was about to argue when Miss Reynolds started the lesson. Facing the front, I heard Derrick grumbling behind me.
In music class, we continued practicing our short, emotional pieces. I was playing mine when Miss Fitzgerald stood beside me. 
“Let me guess. Happy, right?” she said, and I nodded. “What were you feeling when you composed it?” she asked.
I blushed. “Nothing special,” I lied. 
“Ah…a boy. Most music is created with the opposite sex in mind.” She smiled and patted my shoulder. “You’ve done really good work, Sarah. I can’t wait for everyone to hear it.” She walked away, stopping beside Sam Portman who was playing the guitar.
After my second class was over, I headed to my locker. Lucas was there waiting for me. “How was your morning?” 
“Long, how about yours?” 
 “Same. What do you want to do after school?”
“Why don’t you come over to my house and hang out.” I opened my locker door to stuff my books inside.
“I’d love to.” He leaned in to steal a kiss.
I gazed around to see if anyone had noticed, and sure enough, Kendal Morgenstern was standing at her locker across from mine, smiling at us and whispering to Jade Davis, her best friend. I shook my head in an attempt to forget about it. So what if people stared and whispered behind my back. I was with a great guy, and he made me happier than I ever imagined I could be. 
With my newfound attitude, I took Lucas’ hand and pulled him to the lunch room.
We walked into the noisy cafeteria, hand in hand, which earned more stares and whispers. I ignored them and followed Luke to the lunch line. “So what do you want? I’m buying.” He leaned in close, his head almost touching mine.
I shook my head. “No, I’m buying this time. You paid for me the last two nights. Please,” I added when he was about to refuse. 
“Fine, but just this time.”
“Good, what do you want? I’m having French fries. I’m in the mood for something greasy.” 
He placed two orders of fries and a cheeseburger on a tray. I reached over and pulled two sodas from the mini fridge. After I paid for our food he whispered, “Thank you!” I nodded my head and squeezed his hand. 
Our usual table was almost full; there were only a few spots left on the long benches that sat on either side of the table. All of my friends were there, including Pete and Cory. Kyle and Andy sat on the end, and we sat down beside them.
“Sarah, you realize since our table is now overloaded with guys, we’re going to have to sit through endless discussions about sports,” Emma said, her face troubled, leaning around Kyle to look at me.
I laughed. “And action movies.” 
She grinned. “And the worst, chicks and babes!” 
“Hey! It’s about time the power shifted to the male gender at this table. Do you realize how much I know about makeup, waxing, and chick flicks? It’s not natural!” Derrick shook his head with disgust. He sat on the other side of Emma; I had to lean over the Formica table to see him.
“Well, that’s what you get when your best friends are girls,” Emma said, leaning in to give him a quick kiss on the lips. 
“Yeah, dude, we thought you were gay,” Andy said to Derrick. 
“Not that there’s anything wrong with that,” Kyle added, leaning over to steal a fry off of Lucas’ plate. Lucas tried to smack his hand but missed. Kyle grinned as he chewed the fry. “
Emma almost spit her drink out of her mouth as she started to laugh. 
Derrick’s eyes were as wide as saucers. “What? Why?” he demanded. 
Kyle answered after he finished chewing the stolen fry. “Like she just said.” He pointed to Emma. “You’re best friends with two chicks.” 
Derrick became very defensive. “I hang out with Pete and Cory all the time.” 
“Yeah, but not as much as with the girls,” Andy added, while trying to stifle a laugh. 
“I knew he wasn’t gay,” Pete defended Derrick from where he sat, across from his friend. 
“How?” Andy asked. He wore a smirk on his face. 
“He never hit on me, and no one can resist me.” He leaned back in his chair with an arrogant smile.
All eyes gaped incredulously at Pete. Was he serious?
“Do you think I’m gay? I turned you down,” I asked him, to bring him down a peg. 
Lucas glanced at me curiously. “He asked you out?” 
“Yes, a few weeks ago,” I told him, placing my hand on his.
“But you were pining for Lucas,” Peter said to defend himself. Of course, I had to be interested in someone else, or I would want him. 
“Oh please, she turned you down because she didn’t want to be part of your harem, I believe were her exact words.” Emma waved her pizza at Pete. 
Kyle turned to Pete and asked, “You have a harem?” 
Peter grinned mischievously and nodded. 
“Nothing wrong with that, my friend.” Kyle held his hand out across the table for Pete to bump his fist. From there, the topic turned to chicks and babes. 
I ignored them, focusing on Lucas, squeezing his hand. 
“You want to come with me to get my books? Then we’ll head to your locker?” he asked me. 
I nodded as thoughts of stealing a few private moments behind the bleachers or in the janitor’s closet popped in my head. 
“We’ll see you guys later,” Lucas said as we stood up. 
I waved to Emma as we weaved through tables and teenagers toward the cafeteria doors, dumping our paper plates in the garbage on the way out.
The rest of the day flew by. In my last class, I was told the vice principal wanted to see me. With my stomach twisted in knots, I walked the empty corridors, taking the long way to the office. The idea of making my mother wait was humorous to me. I wasn’t exactly nervous about being summoned; it could be her asking me to bring Alex home, or to make dinner tonight. It could be anything, even the missed classes on Friday. That explained the knots. The heels of my boots clicked against the tiled floor, echoing loudly through the empty halls. 
Just as I stepped in front of the office, Jackson Marks pushed through the wide office doors. His hands smacked the glass with a loud crack. He scowled at me as he stomped away. I wasn’t surprised by his outburst. The guy missed three days a week and slept through most of his classes. I smiled as I watched him turn the corner, and then took a deep breath before pushing the door open. 
The heat was the first thing I noticed every time I walked in through these doors. For some reason, it was always hot in here, no matter the weather outside. It was probably intentional, to make students uncomfortable while they waited. 
“Hi, Miss Hawkins,” I said to the secretary sitting behind the front desk. “Mr. Hammond told me to come here, is there a problem?” 
She was wearing a pink blouse; her red hair was piled on her head in what looked like a bouffant. “I don’t know, honey, they don’t tell me anything.” She smiled widely, showing bright white crooked teeth. “Just sit down in the chairs over there, and your mother will be right out. It’s your first time being called down here, isn’t it?” When I nodded she added, “Don’t be nervous, I’m sure it’s nothing.” 
I thanked her and sat down on one of the chairs she pointed to. 
A few minutes later, the glass door creaked open again, and in walked Lucas. 
Oh crap, we were here about Friday. I had naively hoped since she hadn’t mentioned my missed classes all weekend that my mom had forgotten about it. Apparently not. 
He looked in my direction and came to sit beside me. “Friday?” was all he asked. 
“I don’t know. I haven’t gone in yet, but what else could it be, since we’re both here?”
“Sorry, I shouldn’t have made you skip. I keep forgetting your mother’s the vice principal.” 
I was about to tell him that it wasn’t his fault, but Miss Hawkins interrupted us. “Sarah, Lucas, you can go in now.” 
We both stood up and slowly entered my mother’s office. She was sitting at her desk, which was located in the center of the small room. There was a shelf filled with books in the corner by the window. On her desk were pictures of Alex, Dad, and me. 
She looked up from some papers and gestured for us to sit down. “Well, you probably know why you’re both here. You skipped afternoon classes on Friday. I can’t overlook this just because I’m your mother.” She glanced at me. “I understand the reason. But you should have brought the situation to me.” She paused. 
Lucas took the opportunity to defend me. “Mrs. Samson, it was my idea to leave school. I dragged her away. If I hadn’t insisted, she wouldn’t have left.” 
She looked at him with her teacher stare, as I called it—her eyes in slits, her mouth in a scowl. The look could silence a screaming baby. “Did you put a gun to her head?” 
“Of course not.” A look of complete shock crossed his face.
“Then she’s responsible for her own actions.” She paused again, and then sighed heavily, placing her hands flat onto the desk. “I have no choice but to give you a warning. If this happens again, you will be punished.” 
Lucas looked surprised. I wasn’t; she didn’t fool me with this vice principal act. “Now go back to class before you miss something.” 
Luke stood up first, and as he turned around heading for the door, my mother winked at me. When Luke turned back around, her face sobered. “Remember, kids, next time, you won’t get off so easy.” 
Out in the hallway, Lucas turned to me. “What just happened?” 
I shrugged. “We just got away with ditching class. She was acting tough and all, but she only did that so no one would think she was giving us special treatment.” 
“How do you know?” 
“I’m the vice principal’s daughter. Remember, the rules are, if you get caught skipping, it’s an automatic detention.” 
He smiled and simply said, “Cool.” 

After school, we went to my house, where we both made dinner for my family. My mom grilled Lucas about growing up as a twin, and what the two of them had in common, while my dad interrogated him about our trip on Friday. Fun was had by all. 
I was a little relieved when I closed the door behind him. We both had homework we needed to do. 
“Sarah, why don’t you practice for a while, you don’t want to get rusty,” my mom said as I watched Lucas’ car pull away. She was sitting at the dining room table glancing at what looked like report cards.
I turned away from the window. “I practice in music class every day, remember?”
“Yes, but it wouldn’t hurt to get some extra playing in.”
“Fine, I’m going,” I grumbled, walking down our dark stairs to the basement rec room. The room was small; the rest of the space was taken up by the laundry area, storage, and my father’s office. There were a few old pieces of furniture, and a small TV. 
No one really used this space, preferring the larger living room upstairs. But in the center, under the window, was my shiny, black grand piano. It was an antique and had been handed down to me by my grandmother, who loved playing it. She was the one who taught me to play, starting when I was five. Her house was always filled with music, and I wanted to learn so I could bring some of that home. When she died of cancer last year I was devastated, but the one bright spot was the piano. Every time I played, her smiling face appeared in my head. I sat down to play her favorite song, and then mine. 
I had only meant to play for a few minutes to make my mom happy, but once I started, it was hard to stop. Half an hour later, I headed back upstairs. 
I did my homework as quickly as possible and changed into my pajamas. As I passed the window, heading to my dresser where I had left my brush, I saw something out of the corner of my eye. I leaned my head against the cold glass for a closer look. There was a dark figure in a hooded sweatshirt standing by a utility pole, staring up at my window. 
I gasped, taking a step back. When the figure didn’t move, I ran to the door. “Dad! Dad! Come here!” I screamed. 
I heard him running up the stairs. “What is it?” he asked with concern, standing in the doorway, glancing around my room for something that had upset me. 
“Look outside, there’s someone looking in my window.”
He ran over to the glass, and was quiet for several seconds. “I don’t see anyone.” 
I stood beside him, searching the area where I had seen the man, but the street was empty; there was no one there. Had I imagined it? “I could have sworn I saw someone standing right beside that pole,” I said, pointing out at the street. “He was looking right at me.” 
He gave me a hug. “Well, there’s no one there now, honey. You’re safe, okay?” He gently rubbed my back. His embrace and the familiar smell of his fruit-flavored gum comforted me.
“Thanks, Dad, I’m okay, really. I’m tired, though, I’m going to go to bed.” 
He let me go. “All right, see you in the morning.” He shut my door behind him. 
I looked out at the sidewalk again and still it was empty. Deciding I must have imagined it, I crawled under my blankets. 
That night, I dreamed of walking in the parking lot outside of work, and I knew that I was being watched. The hairs on the back of my neck stood on end, and the air seemed thick. Walking to my car, I could feel someone’s eyes on me. It was almost the same as the first time I had been followed, but in the dream, I turned and saw a shadow lurking around a corner.





Chapter Sixteen
Talent

The next day went by about the same as the day before. I drove my car because I had to work after school. Lucas met me in the parking lot. 
Our lunch table was still full of boring guy talk. Emma and I were outnumbered when we tried to keep the conversation where we wanted. 
At work, the time went by quickly. It was Tuesday night, and we were busy; people loved cheap night. Zack asked me out again for Friday night, and the words “I have plans” slipped out before I could tell him that I had a boyfriend, like Lucas wanted. 
After work, I ran to my car. I’d parked closer than I was  supposed to, but Saturday night had really freaked me out, and I was worried it would happen again. 

After my shower Wednesday morning, I chose my clothes carefully. I was going to Lucas’ for dinner, so I wanted to look nice. My black pants went well with the purple silk blouse with a ruffled collar. I pulled my hair back out of my face then glanced in the mirror. The girl in the gilded frame looked presentable for an evening with her boyfriend’s family.
Lucas had to stop at the store on the way home from school. His mother had called his cell phone just as we climbed in his car at the end of the school day, asking him to stop and get some milk. 
I waited in the car while he ran into the corner store. He was quick coming back, carrying the milk in a plastic shopping bag. 
“Are you nervous?” he asked once we were on our way to his house.
I frowned. “A little, but not about your parents, just Logan. I haven’t seen him since Sunday when your mother made him apologize.” 
“Don’t worry; he seems to be over everything. He hasn’t tried to pick a fight with me in a while, and he hasn’t accused me of ratting him out again either.” He glanced at me and smiled encouragingly. “Are you ready?” he asked as he pulled into his driveway.
I shook my head, but replied, “Yes.” He laughed, leaning over to brush his fingers against my cheek before closing the gap, touching his lips gently to mine. 
When we let ourselves inside the house, we heard yelling coming from the living room. It sounded like Karen and Logan were having an argument. 
“Mother, why can’t I go skiing with Jim? Lucas is going to a concert with his friends.” Logan was talking loudly; his voice held a slight whine.
We were still standing in the foyer, not sure if we should interrupt. Lucas rolled his eyes. “Here we go,” he whispered. 
“You are grounded, that’s why,” his mother answered him sternly. 
“For what, harassing Sarah? You took my car away, I’m on dish duty at the restaurant, and I apologized to her. What do you want me to do? Give her my firstborn?” He was starting to yell. 
“Don’t you raise your voice to me! And no, this has nothing to do with Sarah. I’m proud of the way you apologized to her on Sunday. This is about picking on some poor kid at lunch a couple of weeks ago, and ditching four classes.” 
I heard a frustrated moan. “How do you find out about everything?” he growled. 
She ignored his question. “When are you going to grow up and act like a man? Finally become the good person I know you are?” As she said this, I could see her point; I believed he was better than he pretended to be. 
Finally, Lucas had enough. “Uh um…” He cleared his throat, trying to let them know we were there. 
“Oh great, the golden boy and his perfect girlfriend are here to prove how much of a letdown I am.” Logan didn’t give his mother a chance to respond before he stomped out of the living room. I could hear him all the way down the hall as he slammed his door. 
Karen turned toward us, her face looking strained. “Oh, Sarah, I’m sorry you had to witness that. I don’t want you to think we’re a bunch of animals.” 
I laughed nervously. “Are you kidding? I’m a teenager; I’ve had my share of tantrums.” I was trying to ease the tension that I could sense from her. 
She smiled at me then turned to Lucas. “Why don’t you show Sarah the rec room? Dinner won’t be done for a while yet.” 
“Okay, Mom, call us when you’re ready.” He handed her the milk and then led me through a door off the kitchen. I waved at Nick, who was busy chopping. He sang along to a song that pumped out of speakers above the cupboards. 
The basement was big, the size of the house. It had comfortable-looking brown leather furniture, all positioned towards another big-screen TV. At the back of the room was a pool table and beyond that was Lucas’ heavy bag hanging in the corner. He turned to me, smiling. “So, you want to play pool, or hit the heavy bag?” 
That sounded like fun. I stepped over to it and pulled my fist back. “Wait!” Lucas yelled. I froze mid-swing, and turned around to see him walking toward me. “You need gloves, or you’ll hurt your hand.” 
“Oh,” I said, a little embarrassed. 
He took a pair of boxing gloves off of the back of a chair and held them up for me to put my hands in. Once I did, he tied them really tight around my wrists, and slapped them a couple times. “Now give it a punch.” 
I grinned at him, then pulled my hand back and punched it. The bag moved ever so slightly, but the point is, it moved. I turned in his direction at the sound of a low chuckle. 
He was smiling at me and putting a pair of gloves on. “You need to bend your arms at the elbows, and hit with little jabs.” He punched it a couple of times, and each time he hit the bag, I noticed his biceps bulge. It was extremely sexy. I never noticed before, but he was very muscular. 
As he was demonstrating, I sat down on the closest chair, enjoying the view. He punched the bag for a while, and then looked around for me. When his gaze found mine, his lips turned up slightly. “What are you doing?” 
“Just enjoying the view. You have very nice muscles. It’s kind of sexy.” 
“You like that, do you?” 
I nodded, grinning wickedly at him. 
“Are you going to give it another try, or just watch?” he asked.
I sighed. “Ugh…fine.” 
I tried bending my elbows and punched with little jabs, like he showed me. It was actually kind of fun. I could imagine doing this when I was frustrated. I punched it a few more times, really getting into it. I heard a sigh.
“Talk about sexy, I’ve never seen a girl look as hot as you do right now.” 
I turned my head to see him sitting on the chair I had vacated. He was staring at me with an intense gaze. I knew that look; he was about to get frisky in his parents’ basement. Not interested in getting caught by his family, I decided to distract him. “How about a game of pool?” I suggested innocently.
He was staring at me with the same expression, but now his eyes darkened. I moved away from him, over to the pool table. “So how do you get these things off?” I asked, pulling at the gloves. 
He laughed at my pathetic attempts. Bending his head, he demonstrated with his own by pulling the laces with his teeth. Once they were loose, he pulled the glove off. When the first hand was free, he used it to pull the other one.
 “Would you like some help?” he asked, his voice low.
“No, you stay over there.” I tried to loosen the strings like he had. 
His arms were suddenly wrapped around me. “Why don’t you want me near you?” he whispered in my ear. His hot breath gave me chills. His sweet, spicy scent made his offer tempting.
“Because your parents are right upstairs.” My voice was not as strong as I had intended.
He leaned in and kissed me, trying to prolong the kiss, but I pushed him away. “No, I don’t want your mother to catch us.” 
He tried to pull me in again, so I punched him in the arm, forgetting I still had the gloves on. He lost his balance, and stared at me with his mouth hanging open in shock.
I smiled and punched him again. It was fun with the gloves on. 
His mouth twisted wryly. “Oh really? You want to go there, do you?” He bent down to pick up his gloves that he had tossed on the floor. 
I suddenly changed my mind. “Ah…maybe we should go upstairs and see how dinner is coming.”
“Oh, no you don’t, you started it.” He stalked toward me.
I backed up, bumping into the chair, and moved around it. “I changed my mind. Why don’t we play pool?” My voice sounded panicked. 
He started to laugh. “What’s wrong, Sarah? I thought you wanted to fight. Come here, I won’t hurt you.” He took a few steps toward me, and I started to run. I could hear his footsteps thudding into the plush carpet, chasing me. He wrapped his arms around me and tackled me to the floor.
I was giggling so hard, I began to cramp. We rolled around, trying to hit each other, but it was difficult since our hands were in the gloves, and our bodies were so close together. 
“Uh…um,” Someone cleared their throat. 
We froze in mid-roll on the floor, both of us laughing. 
Logan was leaning against the dull green walls, watching us. “What are you doing?” he said, with a hint of amusement. 
“I’m teaching Sarah to box, what does it look like?” Lucas explained.
“Foreplay,” Logan replied. 
We sat up. Lucas took his gloves off and then helped me with mine. “What do you want, Logan?” 
“Mom said to tell you dinner’s ready.” He turned around and disappeared up the stairwell. 
“Well, that was fun,” I said, extremely embarrassed that Logan had caught us not once, but twice in a very intimate position.
“Come on, let’s eat,” he said, taking my hand to pull me up.

Dinner was delicious. His dad had made chicken cordon bleu with seasoned potatoes and a tossed salad that had lettuce in it that looked like weeds he picked out of the backyard. Everything was delicious. “This is so good, Nick. Thank you for having me.” 
Lucas laughed. “Sarah, will you come to dinner every night? We never eat like this.” 
I looked at him, confused. 
“Yeah, it’s usually hot dogs, or grilled cheese that we make ourselves, or we eat at the restaurant,” Logan added. 
“You could learn to cook for yourselves, I’ve offered many times to teach you,” Nick said, before taking a drink of his coffee. 
“No thanks,” the twins said together. 
As we ate, I sat back and listened to the four of them talk. They liked to pick on one another, but I could tell they were a close family. 
“So Sarah, do you have any hobbies?” his mother asked after she finished the last of her chicken. 
“Yes, I play the piano. I want to teach music when I finish college.” 
Lucas glanced at me, surprised. “You never told me that.” 
I shrugged. “It hasn’t come up yet.” 
“How can she tell you anything, when you always have your lips stuck to hers?” Logan laughed at his own joke, and his dad joined him. 
I blushed, and Lucas looked deep in thought. 
“Could you play a song for us after? We have a piano, but no one plays. I’ve tried to get one of these bozos to learn, but they wouldn’t.” Karen pointed to the twins. 
“Sure,” I said, and she smiled. Of course, now I was nervous. I’d preformed for people before, but never for a boyfriend’s family. 
“So what college are you going to, Sarah?” Nick asked me, leaning his elbows on the oak table. 
“NYU.”
“Really? That’s where both boys are going. Except Logan doesn’t know what he wants to be yet,” his mother added. 
Logan rolled his eyes. “Mother, I’ll figure it out in school.” 
Karen let it drop, but it was obvious she had more to say on the matter. 
After we were finished, Nick brought out dessert, baked Alaska. 
“You made this? I had it once at a restaurant when I was a kid. I’ve wanted to try it again, but I could never find it anywhere.” I wasn’t sure what my expression was, but they all laughed at me. My cheeks reddened, and I wished I could take back what I had said. 
“Then you get the first piece.” Nick placed a generous slice of meringue, cake, and ice cream on my plate. The combination of the three flavors tasted like heaven on my tongue. 
When we finished dessert, I helped clear the dishes. 
I began to wander around the kitchen and hallway, looking at the childhood photos of the twins growing up. They were displayed on the wall separating the kitchen from the dining room. Lucas and Logan were identical as children, but as I moved down the hall, the pictures became more recent and I could start to see when they changed their looks. They found their own styles and started wearing their hair differently. It made sense. As kids they wouldn’t mind looking exactly alike, but as they grew older, I could see why they would want to have their own individual style, even if Lucas’ reasons were because of Logan’s behavior. 
At the end of the hall, I noticed a picture of the waterfall. It was breathtaking; whoever took the picture seemed to capture the moment. As I stood looking at it, I felt like I was standing right in front of it. I could almost smell the crispness in the air and hear the waves crashing against the rocks. “This picture is amazing. Who took it?” I asked, unable to take my eyes off of it. 
Logan laughed. “Do you guys ever speak, or are you too busy making out?” he asked his brother. 
“Shut up,” Lucas snapped. 
Karen laughed along with Logan. “Luke took it. Didn’t he tell you that he takes pictures?” 
I was shocked. I had no idea he had this much talent. “No, he didn’t.” We stared at each other, both of us surprised at what we were learning about the other. “Lucas, this is wonderful, can you show me more?” 
“You first.” He nodded toward the piano. 
His parents gathered on the sofa so they could listen. Logan stayed where he was, leaning against the door frame. 






Chapter Seventeen
The Pictures

Lucas took my hand and led me to the piano, sitting next to me on the wooden bench. “Go ahead,” he encouraged.
I touched a few keys to make sure they were in tune, let out a breath, and began my song, Beethoven’s “Fur Elise.” In my opinion Beethoven was the master of classical music. My fingers danced over the keys as if they had a mind of their own. 
Before I knew it, I had played the last few notes, and the song was over. I spread my hands over the keys when the final note fell silent, and reluctantly lifted my eyes to see their reaction. The room was quiet, and all four Tates seemed to be frozen in position, their eyes wide with shock—or terror? I wasn’t sure.
I sat up straight, fidgeting slightly on the uncomfortable bench…waiting. My eyes fixed on Lucas, hoping he, or someone else, would break the silence. 
Finally, Lucas smiled, bent down close to my ear, and whispered, “That was beautiful.” His hot breath tickled my ear.
I ducked my head, feeling suddenly shy. His hand rested on mine as applause erupted behind us. His parents clapped loudly from the sofa. 
Logan pushed off from the door frame he was leaning on, and nodded to me with a slight grin. Then he turned into the hallway, where he disappeared to his bedroom. That was as much praise as I would get from him, which was fine by me. 
“Wow,” his dad said. “That was amazing.” 
I stood up from the bench, feeling a little uncomfortable with their applause. 
“Sarah, you must be so proud of yourself, I would love to be able to play like that,” Karen said. A wistful expression appeared on her face. 
An idea came to me. “I could give you some lessons if you want.” 
She looked very surprised. “You would?” 
“Sure, no problem.” 
“I would like that, thank you.” She stood up, and before I knew it, I was wrapped in her arms. She smelled like gardenias. 
Lucas took my hand, pulling me from her embrace. “I’m going to steal Sarah. Let’s go hang out in my room.” I nodded to Karen, and let Lucas led me away.
In his room, I sat on the bed while he stood in front of me, leaning against the dresser, staring at me. “What?” I asked, feeling self-conscious.
“You keep surprising me. Really, I had no idea you could play so well.” 
“Well, I had no idea you took pictures. We made a deal, let me see them.” 
His lips turned up into a nervous smile as he bent down to open his nightstand drawer. A brown notebook lay on top. He took it out, shoving it into the lower drawer so quickly I didn’t get a chance to see what was written on the top. Under that book was a plain blue album. He pulled it out and handed it to me, avoiding my eyes. 
He sat down on the bed beside me and chewed nervously on his lower lip while I opened it up. I was amazed. There were pictures with vibrant colors of the trees in the fall with the leaves red, brown, and gold. Pictures in the woods in the winter, with snow-covered maple and pine trees. I flipped through a few more nature shots, and then came upon some of children at a park, some posed, some candid. My favorite was a black-and-white photo of a mother and baby, staring into each other’s eyes. You could see the love coming through the picture. “This one is awesome, Lucas. You’re really good.” I looked at him with the same amazed expression he had given me after I played.
“Thank you.” 
I turned to the next page and saw a black-and-white photo of me. I was sitting in the cafeteria alone, reading a book. In the picture, I looked lonely, but at the same time, content in my reading. I glanced up at him. “When did you take this?” I was sure it was before we started talking to each other. 
“Last year, but don’t worry, I’m not a stalker. I take a lot of pictures of kids at school, but I only have my favorites in this book.” 
Seeing a photo of me taken from a distance, without my knowledge, made me feel anxious. Goose bumps broke out along my arms as I became entranced with my own image. I was wearing jeans and a dark-colored short-sleeve blouse, and my hair fell forward, covering half my face. I was engrossed in the pages lying on the table, totally unaware of being watched. It made me appear vulnerable in some way.
Lucas turned the page, breaking the spell. The next one was of his parents cooking together. I couldn’t shake the wariness, so I closed the book and placed it on the bed.
“Are you okay?” he asked. 
“Yeah, I’m fine, but I should probably head home.” 
He didn’t look convinced; his eyes were clouded with worry. “Sure, let’s go,” he said softly.

When we arrived at my house, he turned to me. “You’ve been quiet since you saw that picture. What’s wrong?”
I didn’t want the photo to bother me, and as hard as I tried to see Lucas as I had a few hours ago, the picture somehow changed my view of him, so I lied. “Nothing, I was just so surprised at how good you are. Is that what you want to be, a photographer?” 
He nodded, knowing that my change of subject was deliberate. “Are you sure that’s it? I don’t want you to be upset with me.” 
I smiled and leaned over to give him a quick kiss. “Good night, Lucas, I had a great time with your family. See you tomorrow.” I pulled away and escaped into the night. 
“Good night Sarah,” I heard him say just as I slammed the car door behind me.
I felt guilty walking into the house because his face had looked so sad. But right now I couldn’t reassure him. The picture freaked me out, and I didn’t know why. 
Inside, my parents were watching TV. “How was it?” my mom asked, not turning her head from the screen. Some reality show was on.
“Great, his father’s an awesome cook.” I took off my coat, hanging it on the hook next to the door, and turned to face them. “I’m going to bed. Good night.” 
“Good night,” they said absently. 
Up in my room, after I had changed into my pajamas, I lay in bed thinking about my evening at Lucas’. I felt like I knew him so well, but I hadn’t even been with him a full week. There was so much more we had to learn about each other. He was so talented. I wished I had finished looking at his book, but once I saw that picture of me, I panicked. Ever since that first night in the parking lot when I realized someone was watching me, I’d been a little paranoid. 
But now that I had some distance from Lucas and the photo, I knew I overreacted, and I wanted him to feel better.
I made the decision to talk to him on the phone. That way I’d only need my voice to convince him. I waited about a half an hour before I called. 
He picked up after one ring. “Sarah, are you okay?” 
“Of course I am. I just wanted to call and tell you that I had a really good time tonight. I’m glad I came over.” 
He sighed, obviously relieved. “So next time you come over, I’ll challenge you to a rematch of boxing.” 
“You’re on, but I’m totally going to kick your butt.” 
He laughed. “Wasn’t that you running away from me tonight, or was that someone else?” 
“Oh, it had to be someone else. I do not run.” 
We talked for a bit longer, and then hung up. The sound of his voice made me feel at ease. I was glad that I had called.

“Is this going to happen every morning?” I asked as I climbed into Lucas’ sports car the next day. This time I had actually made it inside my car before he pulled in behind me. 
He laughed. “Maybe, but today I wanted you to come over after school. I have a surprise for you.”
“What is it?”
He stifled a grin, staring at the road ahead. “No, not telling. You’ll find out later.” 
We arrived at school and went to our separate classes. The day went by slowly. I was impatient and curious.
“What’s with you today, you seem restless,” Emma asked, looking up from her phone; she was texting her sister. We were sitting at our lunch table. Half of my brain was listening to the guys argue about a basketball game that was on TV, and the other half was trying to figure out Lucas’ surprise. 
I had barely taken a bite of the sandwich that I was holding up in front of my mouth. I threw it down on the table in frustration—why was I so curious? “Lucas told me that he had a surprise for me, and I have to wait until after school to find out what it is.”
She shook her head. “Don’t guys realize the ‘need to know right now’ gene is in a girl’s DNA?” She stopped typing and closed her phone. After she took a long sip of her water, she slammed the bottle down, spilling water on her hand and the table. “Just last week Derrick said he had a surprise for me but waited three days to give it to me. It drove me nuts.”
“What was it?”
She lifted her arm. A silver charm bracelet glittered from her wrist. The charms bounced and jingled as she shook them. I remembered her showing me. 
“Oh, right,” I said, before downing the last of my iced tea.
Emma leaned over me to smack Lucas on the shoulder with her hand. 
He turned to her, one eyebrow raised. “What?”
“What’s the surprise?” Her eyes were narrowed.
Lucas glanced at me. “It’s really driving you crazy, isn’t it?” he asked with a wide grin.
I took my book out of my bag. “Not really.” I opened it and pretended to read, not at all interested in the conversation. 
He just smiled wider. “Yeah, right. And Emma, you’ll have to wait to find out after she does,” he said, nodding at me. He turned back to the basketball conversation, which was getting very heated. Andy thought the team who lost was robbed, and Derrick agreed, while Lucas and Pete yelled that it was a fair call, whatever that meant.
Emma stared at him shaking her head, mumbling something about men and secrets.

In Lucas’ car after school, I finally cracked. “So where are we going?”
“You’re impatient, aren’t you?” 
“And nosy,” I pointed out.
 “Good to know.” He shook his head. “But I’m not telling you.” 
I looked out the window and saw that we were on his road. “It doesn’t matter, I’m over it.” I heard a soft chuckle but didn’t turn my head. 
We pulled up to his house, and he jumped out of the car. When I opened my door, I saw only Logan’s silver sports car in the driveway. “Where are your parents?” 
“At the restaurant.” He opened the door to the house and held it for me. Then left me standing in the living room while he disappeared into his room. 
I stood there, unsure if I was supposed to follow him or not. The sound of banging came from the kitchen, distracting me from my confusion. I ducked through the doorway to investigate. 
Logan was standing at the kitchen island, chopping onions. The counter was filled with a variety of vegetables, and a plate sat off to the side with uncooked chicken breast. He glanced up at me; his face was full of surprise and embarrassment. “What are you doing here?”
“I came with Lucas, he’s in his room.” 
He scooped up all the food and threw it in the garbage. Then, with his head low, he stalked out of the kitchen. 
I stood in the doorway, mystified. What had just happened? Why would Logan throw out food he hadn’t even cooked yet? Was he trying to teach himself to cook and not tell his father? If so, why would he keep it a secret? Before I could figure out the evil twin, the good one came out of his room. He picked up a picnic basket off of the counter. “Okay, let’s go.” 
“Where?”
Instead of answering, he held out his hand. When I took it, he led me out the back door and into the yard. Now I knew where we were headed.
It was a very warm day, considering it was October. The sun was shining brightly, but the breeze was cool. 
We walked into the woods and onto the path that led to the cliff. By now, all the leaves had turned color, and only a few were left on the trees. Gold, brown, and rust-colored leaves moved on the branches as the wind danced through the air. They covered the trail completely. In fact, there were so many, I had a sudden childish urge to make a pile and jump in. One I ignored, and followed Lucas. 
We came to the clearing and the small hill. Lucas spread a blanket on the grass. I joined him on the blanket, watching the waterfall. It was hypnotizing. 
We lay down in silence, enjoying the sunny day and beautiful scenery. While I was lying there staring at the view, he sat up and leaned against the large trunk of an oak. I heard a click and looked up at him, surprised. He had taken a picture of me. “I wanted to take some photos of you when you were aware of it. I also wanted to take some of you at my favorite place.” He seemed nervous of my reaction, thinking I might freak out as I had last night. I smiled at him and then glanced back in the direction of the waterfall. “You know, I really love it here. It’s like we’re in our own little world, and nothing can touch us.” 
While I was talking, he was snapping pictures of me at different angles. I felt self-conscious at first, but figured I would have to get used to it if I was going to date a photographer. “You are so beautiful,” he said quietly to himself. 
Finally setting the camera down, he lay down beside me. I felt him absently play with my hair as we watched a couple of finches flapping around on a branch about ten feet up in the tree. From our spot on the ground, I couldn’t see them clearly, but I could hear the loud chirps. 
“Here, sit up,” he said, suddenly pulling me into a sitting position. 
After placing the camera on a rock, he hit the timer and then positioned us so the waterfall would be in the background. 
After I heard the click of the camera, I relaxed. “What’s in the basket?”
“I asked my mom to make some sandwiches. There’s also some fruit, cheese, and crackers. And a bottle of wine I took from my dad’s wine cellar. One glass won’t hurt us.” 
I didn’t like wine, but I couldn’t tell him. The gesture was so sweet and romantic I didn’t have the heart to. He took out the plates and food, setting them in the center of the blanket. I placed the food on each plate while he poured the wine.
“So, how did you get interested in taking pictures?” I asked him, leaning back on my elbows.
He chuckled. “When Logan and I were about twelve, we started playing practical jokes on each other. It began because he was mad about me getting better grades than him. So one night I went into my room and crawled into bed, only I wasn’t alone. I touched something slimy with my foot.”
“Ooh, what was it?”
“A big bullfrog.”
“Gross. Why did he do that?”
“Cause he was mad, and a twelve-year-old boy. But I got him back. I stuck two-way-tape to the toilet in the bathroom we share. You should have heard him howl when he stood up.” 
I laughed. “What does that have to do with taking pictures?”
“Well, a few months later, after I found my copy of Huck Finn floating in the toilet, I snuck in his room and waited in the closet. I took a picture of him in his underwear singing into a hair brush, and pinned it up at the community center. Everyone knew it was him because I wore glasses and his hair was shorter.” He grinned. “Anyway, for some reason I loved taking the picture and I started taking more, mostly to get embarrassing shots of him, but that’s how it started.” He took a sip of his wine. “What about you, how did you start playing the piano?”
I smiled. “My grandmother. She used to be a concert pianist.” He raised a brow. “She really was. She retired when she became pregnant with my mom. But for as long as I can remember she used to sit in front of her grand piano and play. I loved hearing the beautiful songs. When we went home after a visit, I missed the twinkle of the music. One time for Christmas she made a CD for me. I wore it out. When I was five, I asked her if she would teach me. So she did. She died a year ago, and left me the piano.”
“I’m sorry, you must miss her.”
I nodded, my mind full of thoughts of my grandma. “Yeah, I do.” Swallowing the lump in my throat with a sip of wine, I choked from the strong bitter taste. I tried to smile and act as if I liked it, but he saw through me and drank the rest for me.
We ate our sandwiches as we watched the waterfall. A comfortable silence fell upon us. I enjoyed the crisp breeze that lightly blew across my face and hair. 
He leaned in to nudge me down, so that I was lying on the blanket with him angled above me. We kissed for a while, exploring each other. His lips tasted sweet, like the fruit from the wine. He reached for my coat to pull it off. I let him, and then I pulled off his. Although it was warm out without my jacket I noticed a slight chill coming from the water, but his body heat kept me warm. 
He returned his lips to mine and then traveled down to my neck and throat. His lips were cool against my skin; a tingle glided up my spine from his touch. I gripped his hair with my fingers, not sure where this was going. He lifted his head up and gazed into my eyes as if reading them, looking for an answer to an unspoken question. I don’t know what he read from my eyes, but he suddenly smiled and chuckled. 
“We should go back to the house before it gets dark.” 
“Why, what’s wrong? Did I do something?” 
His gaze was intense as he answered, “No, but it’s going to get dark soon. We should go before it does, unless you want to wander around in the woods at night.” 
I had never been in the woods at night, and I wasn’t sure I wanted to. 
I helped him pick everything up and put it back in the picnic basket. Then we started back down the path. 
“So did I upset you last night when I reacted the way I did, about the picture?” I asked as we strolled through the brush. 
“I was a little worried that I had scared you away, but I felt better after you called me last night.” He stopped walking and turned to me. “Don’t worry, Sarah, I know how you feel.” He stretched out his fingers to gently caress my cheek. I leaned into him and closed my eyes, loving the feel of his touch on my skin. 
He dropped his hand, placing it in mine, and together we made our way back to the house. 






Chapter Eighteen
Road Trip

His mom and Logan were sitting at the kitchen table eating some kind of pork and seasoned potatoes when we let ourselves in the back door. “You guys hungry? I can warm up some of the food I brought home from the restaurant,” his mother asked.
“No thanks, Mom, we had the sandwiches you made for us.” 
“Yes, they were very good, thank you.” I took a few steps forward and leaned against the counter. “Karen, if you’d like I could give you a piano lesson before I go home.” 
She smiled widely. “Are you sure? You’re not in a hurry?” 
“No, I brought some song books just in case.” 
She sat her fork down on her plate. “Thank you, I would love that.”
After giving her a lesson on the different notes, I gave her basic songs to practice and then Lucas took me home. 

“Sarah, is that you, I didn’t recognize you. I haven’t seen you in so long,” my dad said with sarcasm as I walked into the living room after Lucas dropped me off. 
“I just saw you this morning, and last night, so nice try.” I sat on the arm of the couch they were sitting on. My mom was reading, and my dad was playing a video game.
My mom glanced up at me and smiled. “Did you have a nice time?” 
“Yes, I’m starting to give his mother piano lessons. She’s always wanted to learn.” 
“Good for you. How is your original piece going for music class?” 
“Pretty good actually. I already wrote it, and now I’m just practicing it along with Miss Fitzgerald. I’m going to get a half hour in before I go to bed.”
She smiled. “Good, I don’t want you to forget your responsibilities now that you’re dating Lucas.” 
“I won’t. In fact, I have homework I need to finish. I’ll see you later.” 
“See ya,” my parents said absently. Mom had started to read again, and my dad took the game off pause. I could hear the bleeps and toots from the game all the way upstairs. 
My homework took longer than I thought; I got stuck on a chemistry problem and almost gave up. But a call to Derrick solved it; he was a genius when it came to science. But by the time I had finished, it was too late to practice. Instead, I crawled into bed. 

The next morning I woke up excited about our trip. We carpooled in Derrick’s car, a big four-door green SUV. It had more room for all of our stuff. As soon as the bell rang at the end of the day, we hurried to the car, ready to start on our journey.

“How was your dad this morning? Is he nervous about this?” Lucas asked once we were on our way. We were sitting in the back seat. Derrick was driving while Emma fiddled with the radio trying to find a station she liked. 
“Um, he was quiet all through breakfast, and when he left for work, he gave me a big bear hug and told me how much he loved and trusted me. I think it’s a tactic, so I don’t disappoint him.”
He wrapped his arm around my shoulders and rubbed my arm. We were so close I could smell the lemon scented laundry soap from his shirt. “We won’t,” he said, kissing the top of my head.
The drive took about three hours. We checked into our hotel rooms, they were next to each other with a connecting door between the two. The plan was to lounge around our room until it was time to go to the arena where the concert was being held.
“Let’s order some food,” Lucas said. He was leaning back on the bed beside me, watching TV, with the remote in his hand.
“Sounds good to me,” Derrick agreed while Emma took out the phone book, flipping through it looking for a pizza place. 
Once she placed our order, Emma and I each showered. I used our bathroom, while Emma used the boys', since they weren't using it. We each chose short dresses with black tights. Mine was a silvery grey, and hers was red. It took about an hour for us to do our hair and makeup, and get dressed. 
It took the guys about fifteen minutes to shower, change their clothes, and put goop in their hair. Life wasn’t fair. 
While we waited for Derrick and Lucas, Emma and I took some pictures of each other in our room. I wanted evidence of us in our separate rooms so when the boys were finished, I took some goofy pictures of them making stupid faces at me. After we were finished fooling around with the camera, it was time to leave. 

The concert was awesome, and I was glad Emma talked us into coming. There were two bands, the first was an all girls group called The Pink Ladies, who played cover songs from eighties girl bands. The second was an indie band called Monster Ball. 
Afterward, when the guys were getting something to eat again, I bought Lucas a black T-shirt with Monster Ball’s logo on it. I put it in my purse to give him later. 
Back at our hotel I said good night to Luke and slipped into our room. 
“I get the bathroom first,” I called out to Emma, who was lying on the bed holding the remote, flipping through the channels on the TV. 
“Whatever,” she said absently, leaning back on the pillows. She was still wearing her dress, minus the tights and spiked heels, which were tossed on the middle of the floor.
I changed into my pj’s and brushed my teeth, then headed back out to the room. I tripped over her heels and kicked them under the bed. “Your turn,” I said, smacking the lump under the covers. She didn’t move. “Emma, are you asleep—” I gasped as I pulled the blankets off of her. It wasn’t Emma. It was Lucas. “What are you doing here?” 
He gave me a mischievous smile. “Emma asked me to switch with her. Actually, she asked me on Sunday.” I gave him a cold stare, and he continued. “She said not to tell you. She knows how honest you are, and she didn’t think you’d agree to lie to your parents.” 
I wasn’t sure about the honest part, but she was right; it would have worried me all week. Apparently, all three of them were in on it, so who was I to argue? “Fine, but if my father asks, he’ll know I’m hiding something.” 
“I doubt he’ll ask if we slept together.” 
I gulped. “We’re going to sleep together?” I didn’t mean to, but when I spoke, my voice was full of panic.
He chuckled. “You look terrified. Relax, I just want to fall asleep with you in my arms.” 
It did sound nice. I sighed. “Fine, but first I have something for you.” 
I went to my purse, pulled out the T-shirt, and handed it to him. 
He smiled. “Thank you, I love it. I’ll sleep in it every night and think of you. And hopefully you’ll do the same.” He picked up a plastic bag off the nightstand that I hadn’t noticed when I came out of the bathroom, and handed it to me. I opened it and pulled out a ball of pink material. 
It was a Pink Ladies T-shirt. “I guess great minds think alike,” I said as I leaned in to kiss him. “Thank you.” 
“You’re welcome. I’m going to change for bed.” 
When he said that, I felt butterflies doing somersaults inside my stomach. 
Once he was in the bathroom with the door firmly shut, I quickly changed shirts and was sitting on the bed when he came out. 
“I was right, I knew you’d look good in that,” he said with a slight smile. “Although you’d look good in anything.” He had changed into plaid cotton pants and his new T-shirt. He leaned over to turn out the lights as I crawled under the blankets. 
It was pitch-dark, so I only felt when he climbed in beside me. “Sarah, don’t be nervous, we’re just going to sleep. You know I won’t rush you.” 
“How do you know I’m nervous?” 
“You’re tense. Relax.” He rubbed my back in a soft, circular motion. His hands felt gentle and strong at the same time.
It worked; I was suddenly comfortable, and snuggled into him. I lay on my side, with him spooning me. We were quiet for a while, both lost in our own thoughts. “I’m so comfortable. I’ve never slept with anyone like this. Can you sneak in at night and do this at home?” I asked, finally breaking the silence, and only half kidding. 
“Don’t tempt me.” 
“Are you tired?” I lifted my head to look at him. 
“Yeah, kind of, I had a nightmare last night, and I couldn’t go back to sleep.” 
I guessed what his dream was, but I asked him anyway. “What was it about?” 
“I don’t want to talk about it, if you don’t mind.” 
“I don’t. I’ll be quiet, so you can sleep.” I waited for him to answer. Nothing. “Lucas?” I heard his heavy breathing. Wow, that was fast. I glanced at the clock and saw that it was after one in the morning. Although I was tired, I didn’t know how I would manage to fall asleep with Lucas in bed with me. 

I awoke sometime later in a different position. Lucas was on his back, and I was curled into him, my head on his chest and his arm around me. He didn’t have a shirt on. I lifted my head to look at him. 
“I’m sorry, did I wake you?” he said in the darkness. 
My brain felt foggy, I blinked a couple of times trying to clear it. “I don’t know. I just lifted my head.” 
“I had to take my shirt off. I’m not used to wearing one, and I was hot. I thought I could put it back on before you woke up. I was afraid to freak you out.” 
“Why would that freak me out, you still have your pants on, right?” 
He laughed. “Yes.” 
I don’t know what came over me, but I started to rub his chest. Surprisingly, he was very muscular. I knew he had arm muscles, from when we used the heavy bag, but I had no idea that his chest and stomach were so defined. I’d always considered him to be a bookworm, which he was. I was just surprised to find out that there was so much more to him.
I continued to move my hand along his torso. The contrast of the bumps and rises from his muscles against his soft skin was intriguing. I softened my touch to caress his skin. When I looked up into his eyes, they were smoldering. “What are you doing?” he whispered. 
“I love the feel of your chest, your skin is so soft, but underneath is hard. I would never have guessed you were so muscular,” I whispered back. 
“Is it the glasses?” 
“Maybe, why don’t you wear them anymore? Aren’t you afraid of those big bad girls?” 
He laughed. “I don’t get confused for Logan, now that I’m with you.” 
“Well, if they bug you, just let me know, and I’ll protect you,” I said, continuing to rub his chest. He leaned in to kiss me softly. 
 “I love you, Sarah.” His words were a soft whisper, but I heard him loud and clear. 
Happiness wasn’t a strong enough word for what I felt at this moment. He had spoken what I had been feeling almost since the day I bumped into him. “I love you too, Lucas.” 
He smiled, leaning down to kiss me again. This kiss was not as gentle. It was raw with emotion. Every feeling we had for each other went into it. By the time we pulled away, we were breathless. 
For the next few hours, we cuddled, kissed, and expressed our feelings. It was the best night of my life, and I didn’t want it to end. 
Of course it did, but at least I had the pleasure of falling asleep in his arms. 

I awoke completely warm and content, with strong arms wrapped around me. The curtains were drawn tightly, letting in no light; it wasn’t dark though, so I knew it was morning. The events of last night came back to my mind, creating a giddy feeling shimmering inside me. The feeling made me want to wake up like this every day. 
“Good morning,” he said as he kissed the top of my head. 
I looked up at him. “Good morning.” 
“What time do we have to leave? I really don’t want to get out of this bed.” 
“I know what you mean. Do you think housekeeping would notice a couple of lumps under the covers?” 
He laughed. “They might.” 
I snuggled in to the nook of his shoulder, wrapping my arms tightly around him. “I think Emma said checkout was eleven. What time is it?” I asked, unwilling to move.
He lifted his head slightly to look at the clock. “Ten o’clock. I guess we should get up. Do you think they’re awake yet?” 
“I’ll wake them. If we get back too late for me to get my car, I’ll have Derrick drop me off at work. Do you want to pick me up? I’m off at nine. Maybe we can hang out at my place for a change. We’ve been at your house most of the week.” A thought occurred to me. “Unless you don’t want to hang out tonight, you might want to spend some time with Andy and Kyle, it’s been awhile.” 
“Of course I’ll pick you up, and we’ll hang out at your place. But soon I would like to do something with the guys. I’d like them to get to know you.”
“Sure, sounds fun.” 
There was a loud knock at the door separating our rooms. 
The door swung open before we could answer it. “You lazy asses are still in bed? We have to leave in an hour.” Emma, who was dressed and freshly showered, jumped onto the mattress, lying down on the other side of Lucas. “Hey nice chest, Luke. Never would have figured you for a muscle guy,” she said with a wicked grin, wiggling her eyebrows suggestively.
“I’m starting to get a complex,” he mumbled only for me to hear. 
“Hey, Emma, I’m right here, could you ogle bare-chested guys when I’m not around?” Derrick walked into our room, giving her an evil look. 
“Okay, I think I’ll put my shirt on.” Lucas leaned over to pick up the one I bought him. 
“Isn’t that cute, they match,” Emma said, starting to annoy me. 
“Let’s get ready.” I scowled at her, hoping to shut her up. 
Lucas and I took turns changing in the bathroom. I put my hair in a ponytail since we were in a hurry. 
As I came out of the bathroom, I asked, “Who’s up for stopping for breakfast?” 
“Me!” all three of them yelled at the same time. 






Chapter Nineteen
Disagreement

After a long, leisurely breakfast, we were late getting home, so I was dropped off at work.
“Don’t forget my stuff, Luke, and remember, I get off at nine.” I climbed out of the car and shut the door.
“I won’t forget.” He kissed me through the open window. 
I waved to Derrick and Emma and headed inside. 
Zack, Marcy, and I worked on concession together. Listening to their banter helped me get through the day. Because of my late night, I was tired and not really in the mood to talk. 
“So Sarah, how was the concert?” Marcy asked, two hours into my shift. 
I handed popcorn to a customer and then turned to her. “It was amazing. I’m so glad Emma talked me into going.” 
“What concert?” Zack asked. 
I listed the bands we had seen, just as a new customer stood in my line. 
A few hours later, I heard Marcy say in a singsong voice, “Here comes your boyfriend.” 
I looked up and saw Lucas opening one of the big glass entrance doors. He was early. I perked up instantly. A slow smile spread across my face as he headed toward us, and a wave of giddiness shot through my stomach.
“Her boyfriend?” Zack hissed, leaning toward Marcy. “You told me that she didn’t have one.” 
Her eyes narrowed. “Chill, she didn’t then. They got together last week.” 
Marcy and I gaped at him. “What’s the big deal Zack?” I said. “So you didn’t know I had a boyfriend. Do I have to tell you everything?” Even though I felt guilty for not explaining when he asked me out, I wouldn’t admit it. 
He shook his head. “No, of course not, I was just surprised.” He stalked back to his register, where a woman and two cute little girls with matching pink outfits were waiting.
“Hi,” Lucas said with a big smile as he stepped up to the counter. 
“Hi.” I turned to Marcy. “Lucas, you remember Marcy from school.” He nodded at her. “And this is Zack, he goes to Washington High.” I gestured to Zack, and since he was two registers away and serving a customer, he bobbed his head slightly in Lucas’ direction.
With the mention of his name, Lucas’ smile disappeared. I regretted telling him about Zack’s odd behavior. 
“So did you have fun at the concert, Lucas?” Marcy asked, after she handed a man his change.
Luke looked away from Zack and smiled at her. “Yeah we had a great time. It was a late night, though you look tired,” he said, glancing at me. 
“She is, she almost dozed off in the popcorn machine, twice,” Marcy said, nervously laughing at her own joke. 
Lucas went into the games room while I finished my shift. As I was pouring a drink for a customer, Zack came up to me. “Why didn’t you tell me that you had a boyfriend when I asked you out?” 
“I don’t know. I said I had plans, I just forgot to say with whom,” I whispered, handing off an order. 
“Never mind.” He smiled. “He seems nice, are you guys in the same grade?” he asked, and I nodded. 
“Someone’s in your line, Zack,” I informed him. He punched my shoulder playfully and went back to his register. 
My shift ended a few minutes later, and I left to find Lucas. 
“I’m ready,” I said, approaching him as he finished off a game of air hockey.
We walked out hand in hand, waving to Marcy and Zack as we passed. 
Once we were in the car, Lucas turned to me. “He likes you, you know.” The engine roared as he started it, and he pulled out of the lot.
Although he didn’t say his name, he was obviously referring to Zack. “I know, he’s asked me out a couple of times. He’s a nice guy, though. He seemed upset at first when he saw you, but he was fine by the time I left.” 
“I thought you were going to tell him that you have a boyfriend.” His voice was strained, like he was trying to control his anger. If I wasn’t so sure he knew how I felt about him, I would swear he was jealous. 
“He knows now.” 
Lucas stared at me; his eyes were filled with irritation. Just as I thought he was about to speak, he turned away and focused on the road, gripping the steering wheel. 
“What’s wrong?” I asked him, weary of his silence. 
“Nothing, it’s just…since he likes you, maybe you shouldn’t spend time with him.” 
“We work together, what am I supposed to do? Quit?” I snapped, unable to hide my annoyance.
“You could work at the restaurant.” His lips turned upwards into a crooked grin, but he kept his eyes on the road. 
“Are you serious, you’re not jealous, are you? I just told you that I love you. How could you be jealous of some guy at work because he asked me out a couple of times? Are you going to tell me to quit school, since Pete asked me out? Not to mention the guys in the past. There’s not a lot, but there are a few. Should I quit school, Lucas?” I was yelling now, but it couldn’t be helped. When someone treated me like a child, I usually acted like one. 
His hands tightened on the steering wheel. “Will you calm down? I just think you should try to keep your distance. I’m not jealous; he just gave me a strange feeling.” 
“Listen to me. You will not tell me who I should, or shouldn’t, talk to. I am not a child, and you are not my father.” Feeling frustrated, I leaned my head against the window, glancing out at the streets passing by, and noticed we were almost at my house. 
Out of the corner of my eye, I could see him glaring at me. “No, I’m not your father, but I am someone who loves you and wants you to be safe.” Although he didn’t yell, his tone was like ice.
“Why would I not be safe?” I asked, puzzled by his whole reaction.
His expression went blank. “You don’t know him that well.”
“That doesn’t mean I’m not safe.” His face was still blank, and I knew he wouldn’t explain. I decided to soften my tone since I really didn’t want to fight with him.
“I don’t know why you think I’m not safe. He wouldn’t hurt me, okay? He’s a nice guy who got a little jealous because he has a crush on me. That’s all.” 
He took a few deep breaths, turned to me, and mumbled, “Fine.” 
After we pulled into my driveway, Lucas took my bag out of the trunk. I met him on the front porch, and we walked in together. He pulled away when I tried to hold his hand. 
My mother came rushing towards us as we stepped into the living room. She gave me a big hug, and the smell of ginger filled my nose. “Oh honey, we missed you. Did you have fun?” 
“Mother, I spoke to you on our way home today, remember?” I pulled myself out of her grip.
“I know, but it’s nice to see your face.”
“So Lucas, did you have a nice time?” my dad asked, leaning on the edge of the couch. 
“I did, thank you. I thought of bringing you both back a souvenir, but I didn’t think the bands were your taste.” 
“You’re right, but it’s nice that you thought of us,” my mom said, smiling.
“Hey, Mom, I took some pictures, do you want to see them?” I held up my camera with the photos of us in our separate rooms. 
“Sure.” 
As she scrolled through them, I explained each one. 
“It looks like you had a lot of fun.” 
“Thanks for letting me go, it was awesome,” I said, giving her another hug. “We’re going up to my room so I can put my stuff away.” 

Upstairs, Lucas sat on the couch and turned on the TV. 
“Are you going to give me the silent treatment all night?” I asked him when I was finished unpacking. I tossed my overnight bag under my bed, giving it a shove with my foot so it wouldn’t stick out and trip me in the middle of the night. 
Sitting down beside him on the sofa, I gave him a nudge with my elbow. 
“I’m not,” he murmured, eyes still on the screen. Yeah, that was convincing. We sat in silence. I didn’t want to speak first, but the quiet was driving me crazy. 
I stood up and locked my bedroom door so I could put on my pj’s. Choosing a tank top and boxer shorts, I went into my walk-in closet and changed. 
Now that I was comfortable, I sat beside him again, wondering if he would ever speak. It was quiet in the room except for the cheers from the game show he was watching.
“Are you going to pout all night?” I was annoyed at myself for speaking first.
He finally turned his head from the TV and frowned at me. “I’m not pouting.”
“You haven’t spoken to me since we got here. Seems like pouting to me.” I crossed my arms and stared at him.
He took a second to look at me, his gaze falling to the skimpy top and short boxers. “I think I’m going to head home.” He stood up and started walking to the door.
I grabbed a pink hoodie from the arm of my chair and put it on, suddenly feeling the need to cover up. As his hand touched the doorknob, I said, “Lucas, stop.” 
He turned around. “What?” His eyes were blank, his voice cold.
“Talk to me, I don’t want you to be mad.” I really hated how distant he suddenly was. Just last night he told me that he loved me, and now he felt so far away, I couldn’t reach him.
He sighed, coming back to sit on the couch, pulling me down to sit beside him, taking my hands in his. “I don’t want to be mad at you either. But I really get a strong feeling that you should be careful when it comes to Zack. Please take me seriously. It has nothing to do with jealousy. I trust you. And I know you love me. But I don’t trust him.” He pleaded with his eyes. I thought about it, trying to keep my anger at bay. I’d always had a problem with being told what to do. My parents never really did, they always treated me equally. Well, except recently. 
“What is it that you’re worried about?” I asked him, trying to understand his problem with Zack.
He paused, searching for the right words to explain. “I don’t really know, I just think you should be careful.” 
Lucas was asking me to trust him, and I did, so I thought of a compromise. “I can’t quit my job. But I will try not to be alone with him if I can. I still say he’s a nice guy, and he wouldn’t hurt me. But I trust you, so I’ll try.” 
“Will you let me drive you to and from work when I can?” 
Again, I was shocked by his sudden overprotective attitude. “What? That’s stupid, what’s going on?”
He smiled, but since his eyes were still blank of emotion, it wasn’t convincing. “Well, nothing really, I just like to be around you.” 
I didn’t believe him, but given the dreams he had about me, he had a right to worry. So I decided to do what he asked. On the plus side, I would be able to see him more often. “I don’t think it’s necessary, but I’ll humor you.” 
He smiled and kissed me, leaning in to whisper, “Thank you.” His breath tickled my ear, sending shivers down my spine. 
When I was able to think clearly again, I remembered something. “I work noon to five tomorrow, can you drive me?” 
“I can pick you up after work. Do you think your parents would drop you off?” 
“And what would my reason be? I have a car, remember?” 
He thought for a minute. “I’ll try to be here, I’ll call you if I can’t.” He smiled and wrapped his arms around me. “Does this mean I won our first fight?” 
I pulled back and glared at him. “No, it means I still don’t agree with you. But I’ll suck it up so you won’t be mad at me.” 
“I’ll take whatever victory I can,” he said, laughing softly. I played with a stray strand of dark hair that curled around his ear as he leaned in to kiss me. 
My door burst open. We pulled apart to see Alex standing in my doorway. 
“Hello?” I said, annoyed. “Don’t you knock? How the hell did you get in, I locked it.” 
He smirked at me, shoving his fingers through his sand-colored hair. “Oh please, I’ve had a key for years.” 
Stomping over to him, I yanked the key out of his hand. “How dare you? If you ever come in here again, I will kill you, I swear!” 
He smiled. “You may be older, but I’m bigger. Should I tell Dad what you’re wearing in a locked room with your boyfriend?” 
“What’s wrong with a sweatshirt?” I asked, hoping he would shut up and go away. 
He looked down at my legs. My sweatshirt covered my boxer shorts and it looked like I was only wearing the hoodie. I lifted my shirt to show him the shorts and grinned. “Nice try.” 
“Sorry, he won’t buy it. Door’s locked, and how did you change with him in the room?” 
We could have argued all night, but Lucas intervened. “Alex, is there something you wanted?” 
He glanced over at Luke, forgetting he was there. “I want to go to Noah’s, but Mom and Dad won’t drive me. They said I could go if Sarah took me. But I figured she wouldn’t, so I went for blackmail.” 
I scowled, about to tell him off, when Lucas interrupted, “You don’t have to use blackmail, I’ll drive you. I should get home anyway.” 
I looked at him, surprised and disappointed. I didn’t want him to leave yet. 
His fingers lightly brushed my cheek. “I should go home, and you don’t want to get in trouble over a misunderstanding,” he said to me, and then looked at Alex. “Really, we weren’t doing anything.” 
“Whatever.” Alex shrugged. “I’ll meet you downstairs.” He turned to me. “Bye, Sarah,” he added with a smug look, and walked out. The little punk, I would definitely be getting even. 
“You don’t have to go, Lucas; I can handle the jackass down there.” I leaned into him, cupping his face with my hands. 
He hugged me, kissing my forehead softly. “I actually need to get my homework done. I’ll pick you up at eleven forty-five, okay?” 
“Okay. I love you.” 
He smiled. “I love hearing that. I love you too.” He walked out of my room, and right away, I felt his absence. 
I suddenly remembered how tired I’d been all day. I took off my sweater, threw it on the floor, and climbed into bed. Snuggling into my blankets, I fell asleep instantly. 






Chapter Twenty
The Fall

I woke up in the morning with a muffled cry. The guy with the angry twisted face had haunted my dreams all night. It was just his face for the most part until he raised a shiny butcher knife over his head. That’s when I woke up in a panic, smelling the scent of roses. 
The angry man’s face hovered in my mind. In order to distract myself, I decided to do my homework and then get in a little piano practice. I was starting college soon, so I needed every bit I could fit in. My teachers had always told me that I could be a concert pianist. But I never wanted that; I wanted to teach other kids to be one. My goal was to become a teacher, something my mother always wanted, but when I became involved in piano, I decided to combine my two passions. I would love to teach at a music school. Watching a child find something they really cared about, to see how proud they were of themselves, brought me joy. 
A few hours later, I headed to the kitchen to wait for Lucas. A horn honked outside, announcing his arrival, I yelled goodbye to my parents and rushed out. 
I opened the door of his car and climbed in. “So apparently you didn’t have to work—” I froze, holding the seat belt above the slot. “Logan, what are you doing here?” 
“Isn’t it an improvement?” he asked with a smug smile. 
I tried not to laugh. “Not really.”
“How did you know it was me? Most people can’t tell us apart, and I figured since I was in his car…?”
“I made that mistake once, before we were together. It won’t happen again.”
“Why?”
I paused, trying to put my thoughts to words. “I can sense him. I know that sounds crazy, but I can feel him somehow. With you, nothing.” It was the only way to describe how I felt when Lucas was in my presence.
“You’re right, that is crazy.” He pulled the car onto the road behind a red minivan.
“Where’s Lucas?” 
“He couldn’t leave the restaurant, we were busy. I don’t start until two, I like to sleep in.” 
“I didn’t know you worked there. I thought the dishwashing was just a punishment.” 
“I used to, but I didn’t like it. But since what happened with you, I don’t have a choice. My mom figures responsibility will straighten me out.” His words held no anger; this was definitely an improvement.
I realized now that there was more to him. “Why do you do it?” 
“Do what?” He glanced between me and the road.
“Pretend to be this badass who doesn’t give a shit about anyone but himself.”
He stared at me, his lips turned up at the corner into a cross between a sneer and a smile. “How do you know I’m pretending?” 
“Because since I’ve started dating Lucas, I’ve noticed you’re different at home. And I pay attention. When your parents are joking around with your brother, you’re quiet, like you’re on the outside looking in. You have this expression on your face that tells me that you miss having fun with your family instead of being the one who is always in trouble.” 
He was quiet, looking straight ahead. I didn’t think he was going to answer until he suddenly smiled. “You do pay attention. Do you have any idea what it’s like living with the golden boy? We may look alike, but he’s nicer, he’s smarter, he’s talented. He makes my parents proud. I embarrass them.” 
“Are you kidding? Your parents aren’t embarrassed, they’re disappointed. They know you have potential for so much more, but you throw it away. You act up at school so you’ll get noticed, but you’re known as an ass. I hate to tell you, but no one really likes you. They fear you.” 
His jaw locked, and his knuckles went white as he gripped the steering wheel. I continued before he could yell at me. “Hear me out. I’m not saying this to hurt your feelings or make you mad. It’s just that, I know you can have what you want. You can be noticed, just being who you really are.” 
“And who is that? Since you know everything.” A full-fledged sneer appeared on his face. 
“Be who you were before you started to feel threatened by your brother. Be the cook you want to be. I saw you that day when I walked into your house, and you threw that food in the garbage. Be a friend to Lucas, be what you want. Just be happy.” I smiled, trying to calm him if he was angry. We were parked in front of the theater now. 
“You better go; you’re going to be late.” His voice was void of feeling, and he showed no emotion. 
“Think about what I said.” My seat belt clicked open after I pushed the button.
He nodded as I started to open my door. “Hey, don’t tell anyone about the cooking. I will think about what you said, but I’m not ready for anyone to know.” 
“Sure, I won’t say anything.” I climbed out, shutting the door behind me, and went inside to start my shift. 

I wanted to keep my promise to Lucas, so I was relieved to see that Zack didn’t work today. I didn’t know how to stay away from him if we were scheduled together. 
It was busy, as it usually was on weekends, and I was tearing tickets, a job I didn’t mind, but one I worked at alone. My feet were sore by the end of the day. 
When my shift was over, I received a text from Lucas saying he was a little late, but he wouldn’t be long. 
I decided to wait outside, even though it was cold out. It was a sunny day, and they were rare these days. The cold breeze caressed my face as I stuck my ear buds in, and turned on my MP3 player. 
The theater was located on the main street of our downtown area, and since it was Saturday, the road and sidewalks were crowded with people. The bench in front of the theater was filled with a group of loitering teenagers. I glanced around, searching for a free one, and spotted an empty bench in front of the yogurt shop. Bobbing my head to the music, I stood on the curb beside the road, waiting to cross. I glanced to my left and turned to the right, about to step onto the street. 
As if in slow motion, I saw a car coming right at me. I could see the driver, and recognized the hooded figure that had been following me two weeks ago. The car was coming at me so fast, I didn’t have time to react. I braced for impact as I was sure it was going to plow right into me. 
I was suddenly on my back, with a body lying beneath me. Someone had grabbed my jacket from behind and yanked me further back onto the sidewalk. The pull was so strong, it caused me to fall. And my thanks to the person who saved my life was to lie motionless on top of them. 
Alive! I was alive. I looked back at the car; it had come up onto the curb, but was now driving away, tires squealing as it sped off. Loud music still blared in my head, only now it sounded deafening. I yanked the ear buds out and, feeling dazed, sat up slowly, turning to look at my rescuer. It was Lucas, staring at me in horror. I couldn’t move. I wanted to get off of him, but my limbs wouldn’t work; my arms and legs felt like rubber. I heard screaming, and felt myself being pulled up onto my feet. 
Strangers were talking to me, their faces looking concerned, but I couldn’t hear their voices. I turned to Lucas, whose expression was panicked. He started to lead me to the bench that had been occupied earlier.
I was still in a daze, but started to hear the voices. “Are you okay?” 
“Someone call nine-one-one, I think she’s in shock.” 
“Sarah, can you hear me? You’re okay, I’ve got you. I love you.” This voice I wanted to answer, I needed to hear those words. I was comforted by them. 
I finally spoke. “You saved me. Lucas, I’m sorry, I had my MP3 player on, and I wasn’t paying attention.” My voice sounded hollow, or maybe it was just my ears. 
He put his arms around my shoulders, rubbing the back of my head to soothe me, whispering in my ear. “Its okay, you’re okay, we’ll just sit here until you feel like you can move.” 
Someone was saying something behind me that sounded like, “The ambulance is on its way.” 
I didn’t want that. “No! No ambulance, I’m fine, I just want to be alone with you. I’m fine, let’s go.” I started to get up, but was a little dizzy. I teetered a bit; Lucas pulled me back down onto the bench. I heard sirens. Oh crap.
A police car pulled up, and two officers in uniforms climbed out, walking over to the mob of onlookers that had gathered. 
I heard people talking to the police. “That car just came out of nowhere, and up on the curb, aiming right at her.” 
“It must have been a lunatic, trying to kill her.” 
Kill me? No way, it was an accident, right? Even though I was sure it was the same guy I saw before, I had to believe there was a logical explanation for what was happening. Because otherwise it meant someone was actually trying to hurt me, and I just couldn’t comprehend that.
“Excuse me, miss, we need to check you out, to make sure you’re not hurt.” 
I looked up and saw a man with a wrinkled face and salt-and-pepper hair, wearing a paramedic’s uniform. I hadn’t even noticed an ambulance pull up. I nodded at the man as he started to check my blood pressure and heartbeat. “You’re fine, but be careful for the next twenty-four hours, and watch for signs of shock,” he said to Lucas when he finished his very thorough exam. 
“I will. Thank you so much for checking her out,” Lucas said, shaking the paramedic’s hand. 
Two policemen approached us to ask what happened. I explained as well as I could, and then was finally free to go. 

Lucas took me to his house, since I didn’t want to see my parents while I was still shaken up. 
Once we were in his room, he told me that I should lie down and rest. Like a good girl, I did what I was told and felt better immediately. The warm blankets heated my body and took the chill out of my limbs. 
He turned the lights off and started to leave. “No, can you stay with me? I need you.” My stomach lurched at the thought of being alone right now.
“Sure,” he said softly, lying down beside me. 
The mattress squeaked under his weight. He lay on his back and pulled me over to him, placing my head on his chest. The sound of his heartbeat comforted me, until I heard an exaggerated sigh…and then another. By the third one, I knew that something was bothering him.
“What’s wrong?” I asked, staring at a framed picture hanging on the wall directly in front of me. It was a black-and-white photo of his parents. They were standing in front of the kitchen island with a bowl of what looked like chocolate cake mix in front of them. Karen was spreading some of the mix on Nick's nose with her finger and laughing, staring up into his face. You could feel the love and laughter emanating from the picture. It was amazing how he could capture emotions so beautifully.
“I knew this would happen, I should have stayed away. I shouldn’t have been so selfish,” he was mumbling quietly to himself.
I turned my attention away from the picture and looked up at him “Lucas, I don’t understand what you’re saying. But if you think this is your fault because of that dream you had weeks ago, then stop. It was my fault. I had my ear buds in, and everyone knows you don’t cross the street while wearing them. It was dangerous, and I will be more careful, so please don’t blame yourself, it has nothing to do with you.”
He stared into my eyes, and then finally nodded, kissing the top of my head. “You’re right; it was a stupid thing for you to do.”
I breathed a sigh of relief. “There you go, blame me, it was my fault.” I decided a subject change was in order. “I had an interesting talk with your brother today.”
“Did you now, what was it about?” He started to rub my shoulder.
“I told him that he should stop pretending to be a badass who doesn’t give a shit about anyone but himself.”
He laughed, very hard, a sound I had never heard from him before. When he finally stopped, he said, “So you noticed he isn’t really like that, did you?” He chuckled lightly. “Only you would have the nerve to stand up to him. I’m surprised he didn’t say anything to me. He wasn’t even in a bad mood when he came in for work. How did he take it?”
“He was mad at first, but he told me why he acted that way. I’ve got to say, you two have issues. You wear glasses and dress badly so you can hide from unwanted attention from girls. He acts like a douche bag so he can get attention because he feels he can’t live up to you at home.” I laughed. “You guys need serious therapy.” I shook my head, looking up at him. His eyes were the size of dinner plates. 
“What do you mean he needs attention because of me?” 
“He thinks since you’re smart and talented, your parents are more proud of you than they are of him.” 
“That’s the dumbest thing I’ve ever heard. Considering he hides the fact that he’s a great cook, my dad would love that. If he wanted attention so badly, why the hell doesn’t he tell them?” 
“You know he can cook?” 
“Duh…I live with him, and we’re alone together a lot. I knew he didn’t want anyone to know, so I never told my parents. I figured he had his reasons. He doesn’t even know that I know.” 
“He asked me not to tell you. I saw him cooking once, so I called him on it.” 
Lucas grew quiet for a minute, lost in thought. “I’m glad you talked to him though. What did he say?” 
“He said he would think about it, and I really think he will.” 
His hand continued to gently caress my shoulder soothingly, making me feel sleepy. It wasn’t long before my eyelids became heavy. Finally I gave in and fell asleep in his arms.

“Lucas, are you going to eat supper or not!” an irritated voice said from the hallway. I opened my eyes just in time to see the door swing open. “Oh my. I’m so sorry,” his mother stammered. She was standing in the doorway, looking surprised and embarrassed, obviously flustered at seeing us together in a bed.
“Oh sorry, Mom, Sarah was upset, and I wanted her to rest. I guess I fell asleep too.” Lucas’ voice was thick with sleep. 
We sat up; I leaned against his headboard while he sat on the edge of the mattress.
“What were you upset about, Sarah?” Karen asked me, her face full of concern; she was still standing in the doorway.
I didn’t want her to know, afraid she would tell my parents. “Oh, it was nothing. I tripped while I was waiting for Lucas to pick me up, and I almost fell on the road while a car was coming.” 
She gasped, raising her hand to her heart. “Oh my goodness, are you all right?”
“Yes, I’m fine, just a little embarrassed.” 
“Are you sure you’re okay? Maybe I should call your parents.” 
“No! That’s okay; I’ll tell them when I get home.” 
She stared at me, searching my face. “Okay, if you’re sure. Logan made some food, are you guys hungry?” she asked, not entirely sure she shouldn’t call my parents. I hoped if we ate, she would forget worrying about me. And I could definitely eat, since I hadn’t eaten since breakfast. 
“Sure, Mom, thanks, we’ll be right out.” Lucas stood up and crossed his arms in front of him. 
She smiled at us before stepping out of the room, closing the door behind her. “Do your parents know where you are?” he asked, turning to look down at me.
“Yes, I told them that I was going to your house from work.” 
“Do you want to eat here, or do you want to go home?” 
“I’ll stay with you.” I needed to be with him. He made me feel safe. 





Chapter Twenty-One
Interrogation

Logan had barbecued steak and baked potatoes. Nick was still at the restaurant, so it was just the four of us sitting around the dining room table.
“Wow,” I said, stuffing my face. “Logan, this is really good, you should be a chef.” 
Lucas choked on his drink, stifling a laugh.
Logan gave me a cold stare, warning me not to tell his secret.
“She’s right,” Karen said, enjoying her meal. “Logan, this is good. Have you thought of following in your father’s footsteps?” 
I wasn’t surprised to see Logan glaring at me. 
A warm hand embraced mine, and knowing Lucas was there for me, I returned the squeeze. He was worried Logan would get angry with me. But to our surprise he just shook his head and said, “How hard could it be, it’s just steak.” 
“But what’s the seasoning on here, it tastes amazing. I think it’s the best steak I’ve ever had, but if you tell my dad I said that, I’ll deny it.” I laughed at my own joke nervously.
“Thanks, Sarah, but I’m not telling you the ingredients, it’s my secret.” He winked at me and then cleared his throat, turning to Karen. “Actually, Mom, I was just thinking I might be interested in culinary school when we graduate, but I haven’t made my decision yet. I didn’t want to say anything because I was afraid that Dad would pressure me. If I choose to, I want it to be my decision.” 
“That’s very responsible of you, honey, don’t worry, I won’t tell your dad. But will you let me know when you’re ready?” She reached over and patted his hand, and the look she gave him could only be translated as pride. Lucas was right, of course; all Logan had to do to get that look was admit his talent. I had a suspicion that for some reason, Logan liked the negative attention he received. 
“I will, and thanks for keeping it to yourself.” He glanced at me and gave me a slight smile. I took that as a thank-you, whether it was intended that way or not. 
“So Sarah, do you know where you’ll be living in September?” Karen asked me as she rubbed her finger absently along the top of her water glass, leaning her head on her hand. 
“Yes, I’ll be living in the dorms.” 
“You know, Mom, it would be cheaper if Sarah and I share an apartment.” Lucas’ grin was wide,as he leaned back in his chair. 
“Are you asking if you two can shack up?” 
Lucas laughed. “Maybe, but I haven’t even talked to her about it yet.” 
My mouth fell open in shock as I gaped at him. Why was he saying this to his mother? “Uh…Lucas, can we talk about this later, and definitely not in front of your family?” Three smiling faces laughed until I narrowed my eyes in a cold stare at the Tate closest to me. 
Karen cleared her throat and stood up, clearly aware that I wanted privacy with her unbelievably stupid son. “Well, I’m finished.” She gathered her dishes, heading into the kitchen. “Logan,” she said as she stood in the doorway. He glanced up at her. Her eyes were wide as she motioned with her head in our direction. 
His face scrunched up in confusion. “Huh?”
She sighed, walked over, grabbed the collar of his shirt, and pulled him into the kitchen. 
Once we were alone, I folded my arms in front of me and stared once again at Lucas.
“Sorry, Sarah, I didn’t mean to embarrass you,” Lucas whispered. 
I heard a noise, and my eyes flicked to the doorway, where I saw Logan’s shoulder. I knew that both of them were huddled on the other side of the wall, listening. 
I blushed and lowered my voice. “I’m not embarrassed; I’d just like to talk about it later.” I nodded to the entrance to the kitchen.
He smiled and leaned in to kiss me quickly on the lips. His mother came out of the kitchen and sighed. “Ah, to be young again. Okay, these dishes are not going to clean themselves. Logan, since you did such a great job making dinner, you may be excused. We’ll clean up.” 
Logan peeked out of the doorway and smiled. “Hey, I think I’ll cook every night if I get out of the dishes,” he said with a laugh. 
His mother rolled her eyes at him as she picked up the platter of leftover steaks. “Don’t push it,” she called to Logan as he walked out of the kitchen and down to the rec room. 
Lucas and I each took turns putting our dishes in the dishwasher, and then together cleaned up the rest. 
Once the last dish was put away, I had an idea. “Since I’m here, Karen, would you like a piano lesson?” 
Shutting the door to the dishwasher, she leaned against it with a frown on her face. “I’d love to, Sarah, but I have to run to the restaurant and help Nick close up.” 
“Okay, next time then,’ I said, watching as she pulled her purse and coat off of the hook. 
“I’ll hold you to that.” She pointed to me and then waved. “Bye, kids.” The door shut behind her as she rushed out. 
Lucas and I went back to his room. “So, do you want to share an apartment or not?” he asked me, smiling sheepishly. He was sitting on the edge of the bed while I sat on the chair in the corner of the room. He didn’t seem sure that I’d want to live with him at school. Why he brought it up in front of his mother was beyond me. 
“We’ve only been together for a few weeks. Isn’t it a little early to be talking about living together?”
“Maybe, but it feels like I’ve known you my whole life. And besides, there’s no harm in planning for September. If you get sick of me before then, we can just change our plans.”
I pursed my lips together; the idea of ever getting sick of him was hard to swallow. Like him, I felt like I’d always known him. “Are you registered at the dorms too?” 
“Yes, but we could get out of it. It would be cheaper to get a place off campus. We might as well share. I’d be at your dorm all the time anyway.” He stood up, taking the two steps to stand in front of me, then leaned his hands on the arms of my chair, his face hovering above mine. He was so close I could smell his papaya shampoo.
“Well, when you put it that way, why waste a perfectly good dorm room? I’m not sure my dad will go for it, although he does like to save money.”
He kissed my forehead quickly and stood up. “Good, I love the idea of waking up with my arms wrapped around you every day.” 
I couldn’t argue with that. The few times I fell asleep in his arms felt amazing. “What are you taking? I never asked. Is there a photography course at NYU?” 
He nodded. “Yes, and I’m hoping to get an internship for a New York photographer.”
An image of us together in the Big Apple, learning and living on our own, made me dizzy with giddiness. “This is exciting, I can’t wait to find a place and be with you all the time.” 
He closed his eyes and breathed in deeply, and then his arm shot out and yanked me against him. He nuzzled into my neck and whispered, “Neither can I.” 
His sudden mood change made my head spin, and his lips felt so hot on my cool skin, my knees went weak. “I want you all to myself,” he mumbled into my hair. The fierceness to his voice threw me. I didn’t know what to think, but before I could form any objections in my mind, he started to kiss me. I leaned up on my toes to wrap my arms around his neck, pulling him tighter. The kiss turned hard and desperate. Luke’s hands wandered, rubbing up my back until they knotted in my hair. 
My hands explored his arms and shoulders until I heard him take a deep, raspy breath in and he leaned against me, trying to get as close as he could. I wasn’t expecting his sudden shift in weight, and we toppled onto the bed in a heap. It didn’t faze us though; Luke pulled away and started to kiss my cheek, my chin, then eventually my collarbone. With my lips no longer occupied, a warning bell went off in my head.
“Wait,” I said, pushing him off me. 
He sat up on the bed and ran his hand over his face with a ragged sigh. I stood up and leaned against the bookshelf, taking slow breaths to calm my racing heart. “I get nervous when we do this. I think we need to talk about it. When we kiss like this, I’m worried about what you want.” I watched him lay back on the bed with his hands covering his face. “So where do you want this to go?” 
He stood up and shook his head. “Sarah, don’t worry. All I want is to be close to you. That’s enough for me, I won’t rush you.”
“But what if we haven’t…you know…done that…before we move in together for school?”
“You’re thinking too much. Whatever happens will happen, okay? We still have months left. A lot can happen between now and then.” He leaned in close; his breath was hot against my ear. “Do you know what I want to do right now?” he whispered, rubbing my back softly. His hands were so warm I felt heat spread along my skin. Man, he drove me crazy. Why was I waiting?
“What?” I whispered, breathless.
He pulled back quickly with laughter in his eyes. “I want to teach you to fight, so I won’t worry so much about you. Let’s go downstairs, and you can have a round with the heavy bag.” He started walking to the door. 
I stood frozen at the edge of the bed. “That is so not what I thought you were going to say.” 
He chuckled from the doorway. “I know. You have such a dirty mind.” He grinned playfully. “Let’s go, I have to take you home soon.” 

When we entered the rec room, Logan was lying on the couch watching an action movie. “Hey, Logan, do you care if I teach Sarah some moves on the heavy bag?” 
“No, I don’t mind, I could use a good laugh.” He picked up the remote and pushed pause; the lead character was shooting someone with a machine gun.
“Hey, Lucas, let’s forget about the bag. I’ll just practice on Logan’s head.” I stuck my tongue out at him. 
Logan laughed and moved closer so he could watch me make a fool of myself. 
“Okay, Sarah, remember what I showed you. I want you to keep it up for about fifteen minutes.” Lucas shoved the gloves on my hands and laced them up.
“Fifteen minutes, are you crazy? Last time I did it for about five and my arms hurt for days.” 
He tried to stifle a laugh. “The more you do it, the more you get used to it.” 
I scowled at him; this protecting me thing was getting out of hand. “Why do I need to do this anyway?”
“What’s the big deal? Girls take self-defense classes all the time. This is my version. It never hurts to be prepared.” 
“Fine,” I said with as much anger as I could muster. The heavy bag stood in front of me, its brown leather shell swinging slowly from the hook. I did what he said, hitting the thing with small jabs for a few minutes while he watched, leaning against the chair, focusing on me. My arms started to get slower and slower with each punch. After ten minutes, I couldn’t lift them. 
I was sore, tired, and grumpy. I needed to let out my anger, and since he was so close… “I swear, if I could move my arms, I would punch the crap out of you right now.” I narrowed my eyes at Lucas, who was trying not to smile but failing miserably.
Apparently what I said was funny. Both twins broke out in hysterical laughter. I gave Lucas a look that hopefully said, “If you ever want to kiss me again, the laughter must stop.” 
It worked; he smoothed his features as he walked towards me, wrapping his arms around my waist. 
“No thanks, I don’t want your pity, go away,” I said dryly, trying to push him off.
“Sarah, I’m sorry. I won’t laugh at you again.” That was funny, considering he was laughing as he spoke.
“Remember, I think it’s stupid, I don’t need to learn to protect myself, I’m fine.” 
He sobered instantly. “No way, we had a deal, you promised to be careful, and it will make me feel better.” 
“Whatever,” I mumbled while he started to take my gloves off. I turned to Logan. “If I hear about this at school, I will tell your secret.” I pointed at him with my hand that still had the glove on.
He scowled. “You already did.” 
“I did not, I just made an observation.” I tried to make my voice as innocent as I could.
“Luke, what’s with all of this?” Logan asked, gesturing to the gloves. “Why do you think she needs to be able to protect herself? And why did I have to pick her up today when she has a car?” 
I glanced at Lucas and raised my eyebrows, waiting for him to explain. 
“I just think it’s better that she can protect herself if she ever needs to, and today someone tried to run her over. They drove their car up on the curb where she was standing. If I hadn’t pulled her back, they would have hit her.” 
“Who the hell would do that?”
“Your guess is as good as mine. But I’m going to stay as close to her as I can for a while.”
“I’m okay with that,” I said, leaning in for a kiss. I would have hugged him, but I honestly couldn’t move my arms. 
“Okay, I’m out of here before my eyes start to bleed.” Logan got up from the couch. 
We pulled apart. “No, it’s okay Logan, we’ll leave. I have to take her home anyway,” Lucas said while he pulled me to the stairs. 

He drove me home and promised to pick me up in the morning. I gave him a kiss and went into the house. 
“Hey, guys,” I said, joining my family in the living room. 
My dad and Alex were playing video games. My mom was sitting at the dining room table looking over papers. “Hey,” my mom said, looking up from her work. “Come here and sit down. I feel like I never see you anymore.” She moved a stack of papers off of a chair and tossed the pile on the floor with a thump. 
I sat down on the chair she had cleared off for me. 
“I know you want to spend as much time with Lucas as possible, but honey, I miss you. Why don’t we do that spa day we’ve been planning? Do you work on Saturday?”
 “Yes, but not until two o’clock. Make it a morning appointment.” I leaned over to pick up a report card from the top of the pile. She slapped my hand, and it dropped back onto the table. I smiled at her sheepishly. It was always so tempting to take a peek at any kind of info on fellow students. But she had some kind of radar; anytime I even thought of it, she was there slapping my hand away. What good was living with the vice principal if you couldn’t get any goods on the kids that ticked you off?
The doorbell rang, and my mom stood up to answer it. I could hear voices, but I couldn’t tell who it was. 
“Sarah,” she said, walking in with two men. “Is there something you want to tell us? These officers say you were involved in an accident today. Why didn’t you say anything?” 
Both men were wearing suits; one was very tall and seemed to be in charge. He had dark brown hair cut short and blue eyes. His suit was brown. The younger one’s suit was blue, and he seemed uncomfortable in it, like he wasn’t used to wearing them. He tugged at his collar twice before he made it into the living room. His hair was light brown and shaggy, almost reaching his shoulders. They must have been detectives, because they weren’t wearing uniforms. 
“Mom, it was nothing, I was standing too close to the road when a car almost hit me.” 
“Sarah, are you okay?” My dad finally stopped playing. He turned his head to look at me. I really didn’t want to involve them, but I guess I didn’t have a choice now. 
“Excuse me, but if it’s okay, we’d like to ask your daughter a few questions,” the tall detective said to my parents. 
“Sure, would you like some coffee?” my mom asked. 
They declined and walked over to sit across from me, their hands resting on the table. “Hi, Sarah, my name is Detective Franklin, and this is Detective Markus. I know you gave your statement to the patrolmen today, but we need to follow up. We just have a few questions.” 
I nodded, and he continued. “So, you said you were standing on the curb about to step off when you saw a car driving right for you, is that correct?” He was reading from a small notepad. 
My mother gasped behind me.
Trying to ignore her, I answered, “Yes.” 
“Did you get a look at the driver?” 
“Yes, he had on a gray hooded sweatshirt with the hood up, so I couldn’t see his face.” 
“Have you ever seen someone with his build before? Sweatshirt, the car, anything about him look familiar to you at all? Anything you remember could mean something.” The lines in Detective Franklin’s forehead creased while he waited for me to answer,
I squirmed in my seat. Yes, I had seen him before. It had to be the same guy that followed me two weeks ago, but I didn’t want to say that in front of my parents. I glanced from Mom, to Dad, to Alex. They were all staring at me, waiting for me to answer. I couldn’t speak. I didn’t want to lie, but I didn’t want my family to know someone might be following me. The older cop looked at me, searching my face. 
“Would you guys give us some privacy? I think Sarah will remember more if she doesn’t have so many eyes on her,” he said, glancing at my parents. 
My parents looked at me to see if it was okay to leave. 
I nodded. 
They all stood up reluctantly and went to the kitchen. My mother turned her head, her face tense with worry, before closing the door behind her. 






Chapter Twenty-Two
Danger

“Sarah, do you have something to tell us?” Detective Franklin asked once my family was out of earshot. 
“Um…you asked if anything looked familiar about him.” He nodded and gestured for me to continue. “Well, two weeks ago when I was walking to my car after work, I heard footsteps behind me. I stopped walking, and the footsteps stopped. I started to run, and the footsteps got louder, like whoever it was, was running too. I got in my car and took off, but when I looked in my rearview mirror, I saw a person—I think it was a guy—standing where my car had been parked. He was watching me drive away, and he was wearing a gray hooded sweatshirt with the hood up. I didn’t see his face.” 
“Is that the only instance? Or has something like that happened before?” 
I hesitated. Speaking about everything out loud made it harder for me to ignore, and my way of coping was to stuff everything unpleasant into the back of my brain and hope for the best. Of course, I knew deep down that wouldn’t solve a thing. “About a month ago, I was leaving work, and I felt like someone was there watching me. I called out, but no one answered. I stood still listening, and when I heard a sound, like a bottle being kicked, I took off running. I didn’t look back that time. And last week, I was sure there was someone standing on the sidewalk across the street staring up at my window. He was wearing a gray hooded sweatshirt.” 
He was writing in his notebook. “So two of these incidents happened in the parking lot of the multiplex, right near where the accident happened?” asked Detective Markus. 
“Yes.” 
They exchanged glances. “Is there any reason you can think of that someone you know would want to hurt you?” Detective Franklin asked. 
“No, why?” A cold shiver of fear ran up my spine. 
“Well, since all the incidents happened when you were getting off work, or here at your house, it would indicate that he not only knows where you work, but also where you live.” 
I froze. I never thought of that, but that was impossible. Someone I knew would never harm me.
“It could also be a customer that has seen you at work and fixated himself with you. He could be staking out the theater waiting until he sees you, then gets out of his car and follows you,” Detective Markus added. I liked his theory better, if I had to choose. “We’d like you to be very careful, and have someone drive you around.” 
“Actually my boyfriend already insists on doing that. He’s a bit of a worrier.” That was an understatement.
“Good, you can never be too careful.” They both stood up. “Call me if you think of anything, or if something happens.” Detective Franklin handed me his card, and I stuffed it in the front pocket of my jeans.
“Thank you.” 
I walked slowly into the living room after seeing the detectives out, and sunk down onto the couch, feeling dazed. I couldn’t believe this was happening to me. I hung my head in my hands wondering what was going on, gazing at the bread crumbs mixed in the carpet. Someone should really vacuum in here. 
My family came out of the kitchen, looking concerned and confused. My father rushed toward me, sat down, and took my hands in his. “What’s going on? Why didn’t you want us to hear what you had to say?” 
“I didn’t want to worry you, Dad. It wasn’t a big deal. Everything is fine. I’m going to bed now; I’ve had a long day.” He only let go of my hands because I yanked them away. I strolled calmly past them, trying to ignore their worried faces, and made my way upstairs.
I hated lying to them, but I didn’t want them to worry about me. I did what was necessary, I told the police, and if it got worse I would tell them, and Lucas, maybe. Telling Lucas was different than telling my family. I knew he was having dreams of me being stabbed and killed, so he was constantly worried it would come true. I hadn’t told him about being followed because I knew he’d be scared of losing me. He was overprotective now, I couldn’t imagine how he’d react if he knew everything. He meant so much to me, I couldn’t worry him.

The next morning, Lucas was waiting for me in front of my house. 
“Hey,” I said, climbing into the passenger seat. 
“Good morning, how was your night?” He was wearing a dopey grin. 
“It was fine.” I narrowed my eyes at him. “What’s with you? Why are you in such a good mood?” 
“Why wouldn’t I be, I get to escort a beautiful girl to school every day.” He leaned in for a kiss. 
“Okaaay,” I said, amazed at his good mood so early in the morning.
At lunch, our now usual group, Emma, Derrick, Andy, Kyle, Lucas and I, were eating lunch together. I saw Cory and Pete hitting on a couple of girls at a table across the room. 
I was about to take a bite of my sandwich when Logan sat down beside me. His strong cologne almost made me choke. That would be my next project with him—lay off the paint thinner. “Hey, guys.” He nodded to everyone before leaning over me. “Luke, could I get a ride home with you and Sarah, Jim’s car is in the shop. I still have another week without mine, and I’d rather not walk.” 
“Sure, just meet us in the parking lot after school.” 
“Thanks.” He waved goodbye to everyone, and smacked my shoulder gently as he stood up, winking at me before walking away. 
I turned to the right side of the table where the rest of them sat. Lucas and I were sitting on the end. All of their mouths were wide open in shock, staring at Logan. 
I followed their gazes. Logan was heading to his table, occasionally saying hi to people who spoke to him. 
“What the hell just happened?” Emma asked, looking stunned. 
“Are we in an alternate universe where Logan is actually an okay guy?” Derrick asked.
Lucas and I just shrugged our shoulders. I looked down to pick a piece of bread from my sandwich and took a bite. Lucas held his can of soda and stared into the hole. Our lunches were suddenly so interesting we couldn’t answer their questions. 
“So Sarah, did Luke tell you where you’re going Friday night?” Andy asked, waving his sandwich at me to get my attention, a piece of salami sticking out of the bread. 
“No, where am I going?” I asked, glancing at Lucas.
He smiled. “They want to take you to a paintball war; they’re guessing you’ve never been.” 
“And they’d be right.” I shrugged. “Sure, sounds fun.” 
“Hey, Emma, why don’t you and Derrick come too? It’ll be fun with more girls to beat,” Andy said with his usual arrogant grin.
“Oh, we’ll be there. Taylor and you are so going down,” she said, trying to look tough. 
“Sarah, Mom said she gave you money for my lunch, since I was asleep when she left,” Alex said, suddenly appearing behind me. 
“Oh yeah.” I reached into the pocket of my jeans and handed him a ten-dollar bill. 
Alex took it and glanced at Lucas. “Hey, Luke, did Sarah tell you the cops came by to talk to her last night?” I suddenly felt the urge to punch him. 
“Alex, you’d better go, or you won’t have enough time to eat. Go,” I said pushing him away. 
He walked away, looking back at me with a confused expression on his face. 
“What was he talking about, Sarah?” Emma asked.
Luke’s jaw was clenched, and his cold stare told me that he was not pleased. I didn’t want to meet his eyes, so I glanced at Emma. 
“Nothing, you know Alex, he’s crazy.” I gathered my stuff, shoving it awkwardly into my bag. “I’m going to my locker. I have a few things to do.” 
Lucas started to rise.
“No, you stay and eat your lunch. I’ll see you in class.” I rushed away without looking back. I didn’t go to my locker. 
I went outside to the bleachers and sat snuggled in my coat trying to stay warm, waiting until the bell rang so I could go right to class. A dark gray cloud hovered above, threatening rain, and wind whipped the leaves and rubbish that were scattered along the football field around me. The chill in the air threatened a storm, but I still preferred my spot here, rather than face the disappointment in Lucas’ eyes. I hated when he was mad at me. It had only happened once before, but I wasn’t looking forward to a second time. I took my book out of my bag and began to read; there was still a half hour left of lunch. If I was going to hide out, I needed something to do. 
“So first you lie to me, and then you hide. What the hell is going on, Sarah?” Lucas’ voice startled me. He stood behind the bleachers. I refused to turn around. “Sarah, look at me.” I stayed planted in my spot, knowing it wouldn’t matter. I would just have to face him, he was here, and he wasn’t going away. Tucking my book back inside my bag, I waited.
He stalked around the bleachers to stand in front of me, his hair blowing wildly in the wind. “Why did you lie to me this morning?”
“I didn’t lie to you. You asked me how my night was. You didn’t ask if cops came over to ask me questions. If you had, I would have told you.” I smiled at him. To me, my logic was sound. He continued to stare at me with his arms folded in front of him, waiting for a better explanation. 
“What?” I asked, getting a little uncomfortable. We stared at each other, waiting to see who would break first. He was better at it than I was. Damn, he was good. I caved. “Fine, two detectives came to my house last night to follow up on the accident. They asked questions, I answered, end of story.” 
“You’re keeping something from me, I know it.” 
“And you’re not keeping anything from me?” I asked, suddenly realizing it was true. 
He glanced at the ground, shifting his feet, a sure sign he was lying. “I’ve told you everything you need to know.” Whatever that meant. 
“So have I.” We glared at each other some more. I could see that he was still angry. 
“You should have told me.” He ran his fingers roughly through his already messed-up hair in aggravation. 
“And if I did what would it matter? You were there the first time they questioned me.” 
“Yes, but since they came to your house, it must mean that they are concerned that it wasn’t just a random hit and run, right? They think someone is targeting you, don’t they?” 
I averted my eyes, looking down at my hands that were folded on my lap. My expression gave me away. 
“Sarah, why won’t you open up? You mean everything to me, I need to know.” His voice was laced with frustration.
“What if they did think that? What if it was true, which it’s not. What would you do? You would never leave my side. I want a boyfriend, not a bodyguard.” He shifted his feet again, looking away. “That’s what I thought.” I stood up, climbed down the steps, and walked away as fast as I could. 
Before I could open my locker, I saw him at the end of the hall, heading my way. 
The mature thing to do was to stand my ground and talk to him, try to work it out. But I never said I was mature, so instead, I ducked around the corner and slid into a utility closet. The smell of dirt and mildew was thick in the small room. I turned my head and noticed a dirty mop leaning against the wall right beside my head. That explained the stench. I waited until he walked by, then slipped out to my locker. 
I went to class without him, I was irritated and confused. My emotions were in turmoil. It was bad enough that someone might be targeting me; I really didn’t want to drag my friends and family into it. 
Lucas tried to get my attention a couple of times during class, but I ignored him. When Emma looked at me curiously, I just shook my head. 
After fourth period, I stood in front of my locker, thinking about getting a ride with Derrick. The feeling of hot breath on the back of my neck changed my mind. As I closed my eyes, it turned into soft kisses on my skin, leading to the side of my throat. Thank God I wore my hair up today. The kisses slowly moved up to my ear. “I’m sorry,” he whispered. His breath gave me goose bumps. The familiar sweet and spicy scent made me forget my anger. 
I leaned my back into him as he rubbed my shoulders. The kissing continued until we heard “Get a room” from someone walking by. 
I finally turned around and looked into his eyes. 
“Let’s just agree to disagree for now, okay? I don’t want to fight with you.” His eyes pleaded with me. How could I resist those beautiful gold-flecked hazel eyes that haunted my dreams so often? 
I smiled, wrapping my arms around him. “Come on, Logan’s probably outside waiting for us.” 
He was, but he wasn’t alone. He was talking to a few girls, and everyone was smiling, no one was slapping him or telling him off. That was a good sign. 
“I’ll see you girls later,” he said when he saw us. “You were right, Sarah; you do get more attention when you’re nice.” He smiled at me as we met him in front of the car. “I will never doubt you again.” 
“You know, Logan, I like the new you.” I laughed as I climbed in the front seat; he sat in the back behind me. “You shocked the hell out of everyone at our table today.” 
“Yeah, their mouths were wide open, watching you chat with people and not knocking anyone’s food off their tray,” Lucas agreed with me. 
“Hey, I’m not that bad,” Logan protested, punching the back of my seat lightly.
“Yeah, you are,” we both said at the same time. Lucas started his car and pulled out of the parking lot. 

At his house, Luke showed me more defensive moves while Logan made us supper, a spicy chicken with rice that was really delicious. 
I hit the heavy bag for two minutes longer this time, and after supper, I went home with my arms feeling like they were wearing hundred-pound weights
After Lucas dropped me off, I went up to my room to do my homework. 
I had just opened Pride and Prejudice—I had yet to finish it—when I heard a SMASH. Something sharp hit my face. “Ow!” I whined, touching the spot on my cheek where it stung. I pulled my hand back and saw blood covering the tips of my fingers. Broken glass lay across the edge of my bed and floor. There was a large hole in the center of my window. And on the rug was a big rock the size of a fist. 
I gently tiptoed over to where the rock was lying, trying to avoid the glass, and bent down to pick it up. On the rock, there were words written in black marker that read: “YOU BELONG TO ME!” 






Chapter Twenty-Three
Fun & Games

Cold fear ran through my body as I rushed to the window to look out, but the sidewalk and street were empty, with the exception of Mrs. Emerson who was walking her poodle, Yonkers. And I didn’t think she would have the strength to whip a rock up twenty feet. She was eighty and full of arthritis. 
I picked up the rock and stuffed it on the top shelf of my closet. I needed to hide it. My defense mechanism, denial, wouldn’t really work if I told someone. If I kept this to myself, I could pretend it wasn’t really happening.
Looking in the mirror, I wiped off the blood from my face with a tissue. It left only a small cut, hardly visible. Then I yelled for my dad. 
It only took a few seconds before I heard him coming up the stairs. 
“What is it, Sarah?” He wandered in carrying a half-eaten apple, wearing faded jeans and a plaid shirt. My mom followed behind him, looking more polished, still wearing the suit she wore at work today. 
“I was doing my homework, when a branch from that tree smashed my window. It must be windy out.” I pointed to the large, towering oak that stood on the front yard. 
They both looked down at the glass on the floor. “Are you sure this is from a branch Sarah?” my dad asked suspiciously, kicking a few shards with his sock-covered foot.
“What else could it be from?”
He peered outside and then shrugged his shoulders. “Okay, I’ll go get some plywood to put up for now.” 
He hurried out of the room while my mom and I cleaned up the glass. “That is so weird; I can’t believe a branch could reach the window. Are you sure nothing was thrown through it?” my mom asked me, glancing around the floor. 
My hand shook, holding a big shard. “Not that I saw, if there was I couldn’t find it.” I would probably go to hell for lying so much. 
To be sure that we got all the sharp pieces of glass, we quickly vacuumed the rug as my dad nailed a piece of plywood to the window frame. “Well, that’s all I can do tonight. I’ll call someone tomorrow to come and put a new window in.” 
“Okay. Thanks, Mom and Dad.” The thought of being alone left me uneasy. 
“You’re welcome. Good night, honey.” When they shut my door behind them, my room felt oddly sinister. I noticed every shadow my small lamp created, and I heard every sound coming from outside.
With hands that shook, I put my books away. My teachers would just have to understand I wasn’t in the mood to do my tedious homework after the vandalism and threatening note. Not that I would tell them this. I’d figure out a different story tomorrow, another lie, just what I needed. 
I closed my curtains and made sure my remaining window was locked before crawling into bed. 
I dreamed I was walking through the woods at night; the only light was from the faint glow of the moon. The wind made the trees sway wildly. I thought I heard something over the roar of the wind, but whenever I turned to look behind me, I would see a dark figure skulking behind a tree. 

The next few days went by quickly. Lucas continued to drive me to and from work and school. If he couldn’t, Logan did, with Lucas’ car. Logan was excited. He was getting his car back on the weekend and talked about how much he was going to drive it, where he was going to go, what girls he would take in it. 
I preferred the days Lucas drove me, and I wouldn’t have to listen to Logan’s endless jabbering. 

Friday night after school, we were headed for a round of paintball, and then to Charlie’s Diner to eat afterward. It was a favorite spot for most of the kids at our school. 
“Hey, does this vest make my hair look darker?” Emma asked, posing in front of me with her paintball gear, which consisted of a bulky black vest and clear protective eyewear. While she goofed around, the guys were choosing who would be on what teams. 
“Emma, will you give it up already, I love your red hair.”
“Fine, then let’s trade,” she said, sticking out her chin at me. I groaned and shook my head.
“Okay, Sarah, I guess you and Emma are on my team.” Lucas reached around Derrick, taking my hand to pull me toward him. I grabbed Emma, and the three of us stood waiting our turn. 
When the arena was free, the six of us plowed in, scrambling around trying to hide from one another. There were small walls and different equipment designed to give cover from the other teammates. 
Since I was crouched down under some kind of black metal bridge, I heard a lot of shooting and cursing, but I stayed where I was, afraid to be shot. 
After about ten minutes of waiting I peeked through a hole and saw Andy sneaking past. I jumped up and shot him right in the center of his chest. It felt awesome taking out the cockiest member of the other team. “Yahoo!” I shouted, giving away my position. 
My celebration ended quickly when Derrick came up behind me, shooting me in the back, causing a burst of pain similar to the feeling of being pinched. Damn, that was going to leave a mark. 
I spun around and saw him smiling at me. “How could you do that, I’m your best friend!” 
“This is paintball! Every man for himself,” he laughed and took off, ducking down behind a wall. 
“So, I guess this gives us a chance to talk,” Andy said, leading me to a small set of bleachers at the edge of the room. We sat on the top row, giving us a complete view of the arena. 
There was a wall standing alone covered in graffiti. Brightly colored paint spread across almost the whole surface; names, cities, and even movie titles. From up here on the bleachers, I could see the top of Lucas’ head as he crawled on the other side, stalking Kyle, who didn’t notice him. He was staring out a small hole on the other side of his wall. 
“I’m really glad you and Luke got together. I miss hanging out with him, but he is so much happier now,” Andy said. I nodded absently as I watched the scene below. “I have a feeling he’s had a thing for you for a while. I’ve asked him about it, but he wouldn’t tell me. Did he ever say anything to you?” 
I didn’t know how to answer him. I knew Luke had been dreaming about me. That could affect how he saw me, since it did with me. All he said was that he was drawn to me and had been for some time. 
“Nope.” I stared ahead, watching my friends stalk each other.
“He keeps things to himself a lot.” He fiddled with the trigger on his long black paint gun.
This got my attention. I turned to look at him. “Tell me about it,” I said dryly.
He laughed. “You noticed, have you?” 
“Well, I have a feeling he might be hiding something from me, but we haven’t talked about it much.”
“It’s probably nothing. I know he loves you, I can see it.” He stretched out his legs onto the bench in front of us and placed his gun beside him.
I sighed, leaning back against the bench behind me. “I know.” And I loved him. It was hard to believe that after only a few weeks I could feel this strongly for someone. The overwhelming feeling of intense love was so familiar. I had felt it once before in a dream the night Lucas fell asleep at my house. I remembered thinking at the time it wasn’t possible to feel that way, but in only a few weeks it was there in every waking moment. 
We watched quietly while Lucas snuck up to Kyle and shot him, royal blue paint splattering on the center of his back. I couldn’t hear what was being said, but I was pretty sure I didn’t want to. Whatever Kyle was saying made Lucas laugh hysterically. 
“You know, Sarah, you’re dating a cheat,” Kyle grumbled, climbing up the bleachers to sit on the bench in front of us. He shoved Andy’s legs out of the way so he could sit down. 
“Poor loser, do you see me bitching about a girl taking me out?” Andy asked, leaning toward Kyle.
Kyle didn’t turn around, just continued to watch the game. “Not yet, but you will.” 
I was having fun. It had been awhile since I had done something like this, well, maybe never. But I was sure that since I was dating Lucas I’d be dragged to more adventurous types of activities—if Andy and Kyle had anything to say about it, we would. I loved the feeling of shooting someone with paint. The gun was the size of a real one, and when I held it in my hand, I felt like a spy. Except a special agent's gun probably wouldn’t have a canister full of paint screwed on top of his. But when I pulled the trigger, the feel of the paintball exploding out of my weapon was exhilarating. Getting hit wasn’t quite as much fun though. 
I looked down to see where Emma was and spotted her creeping up slowly and quietly to the end of a wall where Derrick was huddled. I think he knew someone was coming, since he stood at the end of the wall waiting. 
She must have thought the same thing, because she turned around and went the other way, crawling on her hands and knees while her gun hung on her back, coming at him from behind. She stopped when she was about four feet away from him and pulled the trigger, splattering bright red paint right between his shoulder blades. 
“Bull’s-eye, did we win?” I asked, throwing my hands in the air.
“Ah…no, you’re up here, you lost. Now it will be between Emma and Lucas. There can only be one winner,” Andy explained, like I should know the rules. 
“Come on up here, Derrick, with the rest of us losers,” I stood up and yelled at him while he stepped slowly toward us. 
His face held a timid grin. “I can’t believe my girlfriend shot me.” 
“It’s paintball, remember, every woman for herself.” I laughed. 
“Ha ha!” he said dryly as he took a seat on the bench in front of me, beside Kyle. Kyle held up a fist and Derrick bumped it with his. 
Andy stood up on the bleacher beside me, cupped his hands around his mouth, and yelled, “Come on, Lucas, you can’t let a girl win!” I pulled him back down so he wouldn’t give Lucas any hints to where Emma was.
Emma took out Lucas right in the chest. He was stalking her from behind. She must have sensed him, because she suddenly whipped around, taking him off guard. Her red paint splattered on his chest and face.
“Wahoo!” She yelled from below, doing a little victory dance, waving her arms in front of her and shaking her butt, all the while chanting, “I won, I won.” She was rubbing it in just a little. 
“Okay, let’s eat,” Andy yelled, ignoring Emma’s dance. He seemed to be a bit of a sore loser. 

A half hour later we all settled into a large table at Charlie’s. We sat in front of a window, near the back of the restaurant, eating burgers and fries. The air smelled of grease and coffee. 
“That was so much fun,” Emma said, after swallowing a bite of cheeseburger. Since we left the arena, she couldn’t stop grinning. I looked around the table and smiled. Everyone’s hair was messy with splotches of red, yellow, and blue paint.
“Yeah, good idea bringing the girls, Andy,” Kyle mumbled with his mouth full of burger and a spot of blue paint on his forehead.
“Well, we can take Sarah again, but Emma’s not invited.” Andy was smiling wickedly at her. 
She looked up from her food. “Sore losers,” she said, sticking her tongue out. With a wide grin, she tossed a fry, hitting him right in the eyebrow. It stuck briefly to his skin then slid down his face, falling onto the table.
A look of shock crossed his ketchup-streaked face, and then he smiled, grabbed a handful of onion rings from his plate, and lifted his hand.
“You throw those onion rings, Andy, and you’ll be washing my dirty pots for a week,” Lucy, Charlie’s wife, said. She was standing with a tray of dishes in one hand, and the other hand on her hip. Her reddish-brown hair was in a messy ponytail. She had light blue eyes that often held humor. She seemed to enjoy the students coming here, and she knew most of us by name. I didn’t think she’d remember mine though; I hadn’t been here in a long time.
He gave her a sheepish grin. “Sorry, Lucy.”
“You better be. Oh, and Emma, I saw that.” She pointed a crooked finger at Emma before disappearing into the kitchen.
I had been holding my breath, trying not to laugh, but when Lucy walked away, I couldn’t hold it any longer. The rest of the group joined in with a loud explosion of laughter. 
After we finished eating, we made sure to put our garbage away; we didn’t want to make Lucy any angrier than she already was. We said goodbye to our friends and then Lucas took me home.
“Can I come in for a while?” he asked after he pulled into my driveway. 
“Sure, we can watch a movie.” 

We took turns in my shower scrubbing the paint off of our hair and face.
“So, have you heard about the recital coming up in a few weeks?” I asked when I sat down beside him on the couch. I took out my brush and was trying to get the tangles out of my hair.
“Yes, I did. I was wondering if you were going to ask me to come.”
“Of course I was, but I wanted to wait until I perfected the two songs. I didn’t want you to see me if I was going to screw up.”
“Yeah, right, I’ve heard you play, and you’ve never made one mistake.”
“Well, it has happened once or twice. Besides, I wrote one of the songs and I was worried about it. But I’m asking now, will you come and see me play?” I put the brush down on the coffee table.
“Yes,” he said, leaning in for a kiss. I stood up and put the movie in. It was Lucas’ choice, so there were a lot of explosions and car chases.
I never saw the end of it, though, I fell asleep on the couch leaning on Lucas’ shoulder, but I woke up in bed tucked under the covers. There was a note beside my pillow. I picked it up and read it: 
I wish I could crawl in beside you, but I don’t
think your parents would approve.
I’ll be by to pick you up after work tomorrow.
Love, Lucas.
After I read his note, I smiled at the thought of him crawling in bed beside me. I put the vision of falling asleep with his arms wrapped around me like he did when we were away in my head. It worked; I could feel his warmth as if he was there with me. I smiled as I drifted off to sleep. 






Chapter Twenty-Four
Dead Roses

The next two weeks seemed to fly by. I finally had my spa day with my mom on Saturday before work. I hung out with Lucas a lot, sometimes with our friends. I worked a few times a week with nothing to report. Either the hooded man had given up, or was afraid to make a move with Lucas constantly by my side. 
I didn’t have any disturbing dreams in those weeks, but I did have a few sweet ones about Lucas and me. Dancing in the moonlight or traipsing through a meadow, always with that intense feeling of love that now stayed with me even after I woke. Once I had a dream of us holding hands and standing in front of a group of strangers. We both looked very happy. 
Emma and I managed a girls night. I went to her house for a sleepover. It was great to be just the two of us. We compared notes on our boyfriends while painting our toes, with mud masks on our faces. Even though I rarely had these moments with Emma, when Lucas picked me up the next morning, I was very glad to see him. 

When he dropped me off at work one Saturday in early November, he told me that he had a surprise for me, but I would have to wait until later to get it. That was so unfair; it would bug me for the rest of day. He knew how impatient I was, and that was probably why he did it. 
“Tell me.” 
“No, you’ll have to wait until I pick you up.” 
“Come on, one hint,” I whined, touching his check gently, trying to persuade him. 
“No way,” he said and kissed me. “Now get out or you’ll be late.” 
“Fine,” I said, sulking. I heard his soft laughter as I shut the door behind me. 
I worked at ticket sales with Zack. I knew I wasn’t supposed to be alone with him, but I had no choice. I was glad, though, the day went by faster. He told me about a kid in his math class who must have eaten beans for lunch. He kept farting during the whole class. The teacher would make a face every time he did, a face that Zack mimicked. I was laughing so hard, sometimes I was afraid the drink I was sipping on would shoot out of my nose. 
When my shift was over, I was excited for my surprise and ran to the front glass doors. His car was parked next to the curb, so I opened the door of the theater and rushed over. I pulled the handle to open the passenger door, but it was locked. I bent down and cupped my hands around my eyes against the window to peer inside. The car was empty. 
I spun around to look for him, and right behind me stood a guy in a hooded gray sweatshirt. 
It was him, the person who had followed me in the parking lot, and watched me through my window. 
He grabbed hold of my arm with gloved hands and tried to pull me away. Thank God for Lucas’ lessons. I hauled my free arm back and punched with all my strength, striking him right in the jaw. It knocked the hood off, and under it, he was wearing a black nylon balaclava, only showing pale blue eyes. 
The punch threw him back a few steps, and I saw my chance to get away. I took a few running steps but stopped short when he reached out and grabbed hold of my coat. I was struggling to take it off when I heard Lucas yelling my name. The guy looked over at him, and with a wistful glance in my direction, took off running. 
“Sarah! Are you okay?” Lucas yelled in horror. He ran up to me, wrapping his arms around me tightly. I breathed him in, taking comfort in his scent. When he finally released me, I stumbled over something that made a clanging sound against the pavement. We both looked down, and there on the ground where I had punched the guy, was a huge black-handled butcher knife. We both gaped at the knife, and then at each other, in disbelief. Before I could react, I noticed a patch of red on the ground next to the knife. It was a bunch of roses. My heart thumped at the sight. 
Lucas bent down to pick them up and handed them to me. “Here’s your surprise.” His face and voice were void of emotion. It was too much; I felt a sense of déjà-vu. The knife, the hooded man, and now even the roses. All the elements of our nightmare were here. But one thing was different. 
We were alive. 
Lucas led me to the closest bench and once we were both seated, his arms wrapped around me, and I settled against his chest, the flowers sitting forgotten beside me. His strong arms and the sound of his heartbeat soothed my fear. After a few moments, my hands were steady enough to dig through my bag. I pulled out Detective Franklin’s card and handed it to him. I didn’t think I could speak at the moment. 
He took it and pulled his phone from his coat pocket. “Detective Franklin. My name is Lucas Tate, Sarah Samson’s boyfriend. She was just attacked outside of her work. He ran away when he saw me coming, but he dropped a butcher knife… It’s still on the ground…. Okay… Yes, right up front on the bench. Bye.” He hung up. “He’s on his way. He doesn’t want us to touch the knife, just make sure no one sees it.” 
Standing up, he walked over to where the knife lay on the ground and placed his coat over it. He sat back down beside me and held my hand. Neither of us spoke; I think we were both still in shock. I couldn’t believe someone would want to hurt me. 
I felt him shiver and was suddenly concerned for him; it was a very cold night. I could see my breath in the air. “Luke, you need your coat, it’s freezing.” I rubbed his arm to warm him, with my gloves.
“I’m fine until they get here. I’m not worried about me.” His voice was hard, and I recognized that look. He was lost in his own head, thinking of how to protect me. Now I knew I was right to keep everything else from him. I hated to see the worry and anguish on his face.
We both turned at the sound of tires squealing as a car pulled up along the curb. The two detectives climbed out and rushed over to us. “Sarah, are you okay?” asked Detective Franklin, his voice rough with worry. 
“Yes.” Here we go again, I thought. Why did this keep happening to me and how was I going to make it stop?
“Can you tell me what happened?” 
I told him everything from the time I came out of the theater until we found the knife.
“So you’ve been teaching her to fight?” he asked Lucas. 
“Yes.” 
“Good job, you might have just saved her life,” Detective Markus said, shaking Lucas’ hand.
“This time,” Lucas mumbled, but no one heard him but me. 
They took the knife for evidence and wrote down our statements. I went first, and after Lucas was finished telling his version, they told us that we could go home.

My family was not at the house, having gone out for the evening. I was thankful I didn’t have to go into it tonight, although I knew I would have to tell them what was happening soon. 
“Can you stay with me?” I pleaded, a little desperate. 
He nodded, the corners of his mouth turning upward slightly. It was all he could manage. 
Up in my room, we settled into my bed, and I clung to him, afraid of his sudden silence. There was a distance in him, and I hated it. I needed everything to be the way it was this morning. And as much as I hoped for that, I knew that everything had changed. Instead of my beloved boyfriend, his role would now be what I had feared—bodyguard. 
“Can you tell me what’s wrong?”
“Nothing is wrong, I’m fine.” We both knew he was lying. I had just been attacked, how could he be fine? 
“I know you’re angry, just admit it.” I raised my voice in frustration.
He bent his head to look into my eyes. “You’re right, I am angry. But I want to hold you in my arms tonight. Let’s just enjoy that for now. Tomorrow we can deal with reality. Okay?”
I nodded, and he smiled. 

We fell asleep together, but I woke up alone. 
The roses, wilted now, lay on his pillow. I picked them up and threw them in the trash. 
I dressed in yoga pants and my favorite baby blue hoodie, and threw my hair in a ponytail before I ran downstairs. 
“Hey, Mom, how was your night?” She was sitting at the table eating a bagel piled high with cream cheese. 
“It was great, I love going out to dinner. How was yours?” 
“I don’t want to talk about mine right now, maybe later.” I took out a glass and poured myself some orange juice.
“Okay, I’m leaving now. Your father is playing racquetball, and I’m going shopping with Sheryl,” she said as she shoved the last of her bagel into her mouth. She kissed me on the cheek and walked out of the house, leaving a smidge of cheese on my face. 

The rest of the morning was quiet. I was hoping Lucas would call, but he must have been busy at work. He was off at five, and we were going out to dinner.
My brother and I were on the couch watching TV when the doorbell rang. “I’ll get it,” I said, since he wasn’t moving. He was in a TV coma, which usually happened when he was watching something. The house could catch on fire and he wouldn’t notice. 
I opened the door and saw Lucas sitting in one of the chairs on our porch. I put my coat and shoes on, and went out onto the porch with him. 
He stood up as I approached. 
“Hey, I wasn’t expecting to see you. I thought you worked today.” 
“I took the day off.” 
“Okay, do you want to come in?” I asked, hugging my coat closer to me against the cold November day. 
His face was ashen with dark circles under his hazel eyes. Something was wrong, and I suddenly wanted to run away and hide.
He closed his eyes, took a few deep breaths, and then opened them. “Sarah, I can’t see you anymore.” 
His words hit me like a physical blow; my blood turned cold in my veins. “What did you say?” My voice was barely a whisper. 
“After what happened last night and two weeks ago, I can’t keep risking your life. I feel that as long as we’re together, someone is going to try and stop us, by hurting you.” 
“NO! This is about your dream because you saw me dead! IT WAS JUST A DREAM! YOU CAN’T DO THIS!” I was screaming now, panicked at the thought of not being with him. I felt like I was drowning; I couldn’t catch my breath.
He grabbed my shoulders and yanked me against him. For the first time, his arms were no comfort. “Shh, I’m sorry. I don’t want to do this. I hate the thought of not being with you, but I have to protect you.” 
I pulled away, blinking back tears. “I know you’re worried about the dream you had, but there is something I haven’t told you. I’ve had it too. But you were the one who died first. You didn’t even see me die, because he killed me after he killed you. That’s what happened isn’t it, it’s the same dream?” My words poured out without thought. I was desperate to get him to take back his horrible words.
He blinked at me, obviously shocked by my confession. “How… Why didn’t you tell me?”
“What would have happened on the day you told me about it, if I’d admitted that I had the same dream?” I suddenly realized why I hadn’t told him before. I must have known deep down that he would do this.
He thought about it. “I probably would have backed off.”
“Exactly, and I must have known that. At the time, I didn’t understand why I kept it from you. I just knew it was necessary.” I took his hands in mine. “Why don’t we try and figure out what’s going on, and stop it. We can do it together,” I said softly, touching his cheek. I don’t know why, but I felt hopeful. 
The feeling only lasted until I looked up and saw the dread in his face. 
His eyes were full of pain. “I can’t. I won’t see the dream come true, and it almost did last night.” 
Anger burst inside me with a flash of not red, but black. I was so angry my vision faded for a second. I let go of his hands and pushed him as hard as I could. He fell back a step, surprised. I hurt him; I could see it in his face.
“Fine, you want to give up, go ahead. You must not care about me as much as I thought.” My voice was as cold as I was.
His eyes were fierce, his jaw clenched. I had never seen him this angry, definitely not directed at me. I took a step back. He grabbed my shoulders with his hands and shoved me up against the house, his fingers cushioning the blow. “You think I don’t care?” he said, looming over me. “I’m doing this because I love you! I won’t see my dream come true. I will protect you!” His voice was a low, harsh growl.
“Let’s fight this, together,” I begged him.
“NO!” 
“Is this about one stupid dream? Or is there more you’re not telling me?” 
He looked away, guilty, hiding his face so I couldn’t read it. But it was too late; I saw. “Tell me what you’re hiding,” I yelled.
“Nothing, I told you everything,” he said, avoiding my eyes. I gave up. I was done begging. I shoved him off of me. “Then go! Get away from me!” I yelled again. 
He looked miserable. He didn’t expect my reaction.
“Sarah, please understand that I’m doing this for you.” His eyes were so tortured I wanted to comfort him. But I couldn’t. He was the one doing this, and it was ripping my heart out. 
“Understand? You don’t want to fight. You just want to give up? You’re a coward!” 
His eyes widened with shock, then turned to agony. I couldn’t look at him anymore. I turned away and ran into the house, leaving him standing alone on the porch. I rushed upstairs to my room, locking the door behind me. 
I went to my new window and peered outside. He was standing by his car looking up at me with the same tortured expression on his face. I couldn’t comfort him like I wanted to. He was the one keeping us apart, not me. 
I turned away from the window and lay down on my bed. Since I was safely locked in my room, I allowed myself to cry. Once I started, the tears flowed until I had no more left. 
I didn’t sleep well that night, and when I did, I dreamed of our deaths. Great, thanks for rubbing it in. 






Chapter Twenty-Five
Alone

The next morning I didn’t feel like going anywhere. I told my mom what happened, and thankfully she let me stay home. She left for work, telling me to call if I needed anything. 
I stayed in bed for the rest of the day with a box of tissues next to my pillow, only getting up to eat lunch and go to the bathroom. 
I watched TV to take my mind off of everything, but each time I closed my eyes, Lucas’ face was there telling me that we couldn’t be together anymore. The intense ache of his rejection would return, leaving me breathless. And to add insult to injury, he had called before I went to bed, asking if he could check up on me from time to time to be sure I was safe. Instead of answering, I hung up. 

I didn’t return to school until Wednesday. I was still horribly upset, but I thought I could get through the day without showing it. 
I snuck into the school, trying to avoid Lucas. I made it to my locker without incident. Emma was there waiting for me. “Emma, I’m not in the mood to talk, okay?” 
Her lips turned up into a warm smile, and her eyes were full of concern. Obviously, she had heard. “Who said anything about talking? Just listen.” 
So while she led me to my first class, I listened to her go on about a date she had with Derrick, and about his brother bugging them while they made out. It was nice to listen to something other than my own thoughts. She always knew what I needed. When we stopped outside of my English class, she turned to me. “I’ll meet you here when class is over, and I’ll walk you to your next one, okay?” 
She was going to stay with me in case I saw him, knowing I wouldn’t want to be alone. I knew there was a reason she was my best friend. 
“Thank you,” I whispered, my eyes watering a little.
“That’s what friends are for.” She smiled and walked away. 
In class, Derrick nodded to me but didn’t say anything. He must have been following Emma’s instructions. 
When the bell rang, ending first period, Emma was at her post, leaning against the wall waiting. It felt like every set of eyes was on me as we walked through the halls. Obviously, word had gotten around about the breakup. Thankfully, Emma and Derrick were by my side. This time she told me about her little sister’s piano recital, which she aced thanks to my help. I smiled. If she continued her plan for the rest of the day, I just might make it to last bell. 
In the cafeteria at lunch, I sat facing the wall. It was just the three of us again. I was going to ask where everyone else was, but I knew she must have told them to stay away. I chose not to look up at anyone, afraid to catch a glimpse of him, although I knew he was here. I could feel him.
As Emma and Derrick bickered about a project they were doing together, I pulled a murder mystery out of my bag. The book was full of violence, intrigue, and explosions, not one kiss, or one look of longing in all three hundred pages. I knew because I checked. The novel kept my mind from wandering, and that was exactly what I needed. 
The bell rang, the one I’d been dreading all morning. He was in my history class, and I could no longer avoid him. 
I was already in my seat, with my head bent down, my hair hanging over my face, when I felt a buzz of electricity. Even though I couldn’t see him, I knew he was there. I felt him pause beside me, but when I wouldn’t look up, he sighed and walked away. 
The only problem with Emma’s plan to keep me away from Lucas was Mr. Henderson. When he set his briefcase down on his desk, he called the class to attention. “Okay, everyone, we’re going to continue with our project work on the Second World War. Get together with your partner.” 
Oh crap, this was not good. I raised my hand. “Mr. Henderson, can I switch partners?” 
“I’m sorry, Miss Samson, it’s too late for that. You should almost be finished. Next time, choose more carefully,” he said, obviously annoyed that I had even asked.
“But Mr. Henderson—” I was about to argue, but he cut me off. 
“Miss Samson, get started on your project now, you’re wasting time.” He pushed his glasses off the bridge of his nose. 
I glanced at Emma; she gave me a comforting smile. It was a nice thought, but it didn’t help. 
Standing up slowly, I walked over to the empty seat beside Lucas and pushed the chair out. It scraped against the floor, echoing throughout the room. Everyone seemed to be watching me in silence. I sat with my eyes glued to the desk, his sweet and spicy scent floating in the air around me. “So, you do this section, and I’ll do that one, like we talked about.” I pointed to the textbook, trying desperately not to gaze into his eyes. “I’d appreciate it if you wouldn’t speak to me unless it’s about our project.” 
After a long pause, I heard him finally pick up his pen, scribbling over his paper. 
When both of us finished our sections, I put my pen down, still using my hair as a shield. “That should just about do it. We just have to get our separate information on this part off the Internet, and then we’ll be finished. If you need to discuss anything else about the project, you can email me.” 
“Sarah, come on. What, are you never going to talk to or look at me again?” 
“Not for a while, no,” I said, still looking down at my paper. 
He sighed heavily and then I felt his fingers touch my chin. The familiar tingle was now a searing pain. He lifted my head so I would look up at him. His beautiful eyes were full of sadness as he smiled. The urge to kiss him was overwhelming, but instead I pulled away. 
“Don’t touch me again,” I growled, my voice shaking with the urge to cry. 
I stood up, rushing out of the room, barely making it before the tears fell. 
In the bathroom, I took deep breaths to calm myself, splashing water on my face. I drank some to kill the burn in my throat. 
Just as the bell rang, the door swung open, slamming into the wall. Emma stood in the doorway smiling at me. She must have known that if she tried to console me in any way, I would lose it. “Here are your books. I might have accidentally smacked the person at the desk next to yours with them,” she said with a grin. “Or maybe it was on purpose.” 
I laughed, taking my books from her. “You are the best friend in the world.” 
“Don’t I know it?” She walked me to my last class and picked me up again. 
After school, she insisted on following me home. I still wasn’t in the mood to talk but when Emma got something in her mind, there was no changing it.
As soon as we stepped into my kitchen, she pilfered through the fridge for drinks and then led me up to my room. Once we were settled, pillows adjusted, blankets arranged, she opened her bag and dumped out the contents. Brownies, candies, and chocolates fell onto my blanket. “What the hell are you trying to do? Make me gain ten pounds?” I asked with a chuckle. 
“Who said this is for you?” she said. “You’re going to tell me what happened, and you’re not going to leave anything out. There’s no one here but us, so no one will see you cry but me, and I’ve seen it before.” 
I opened my soda and shoved a handful of candy into my mouth. “Okay, I hav—” I mumbled as bits of candy spilled out of my mouth. 
“Eww, gross,” Emma said, laughing.
I swallowed, giggled, and continued. “Okay, I haven’t told you any of this, but don’t be mad, okay? I was afraid to say it out loud because that would make it real.” 
So I told her everything, starting from the dream I had of Lucas, the day before I bumped into him, until the night the guy with the mask attacked me. I took a breath and ate a few more candies. 
“I’m a little upset that you didn’t feel you could confide in me. But I do understand why you were freaked out, and didn’t want to think about it.” 
“Thank you for understanding. Lucas said since he’s dreamed of my death, he’s afraid it will happen if we’re together, so when that guy attacked me with a butcher knife, similar to the one in our dream, he came the next morning and dumped me.” 
“I know you’re hurting. I can’t imagine being without Derrick, but I don’t blame Lucas for trying to protect you.” She spoke quietly, staring at the chocolates in her hand. 
I glared at her. 
“I don’t know if I agree with what he did. But the fact that both of you are having these dreams about your own death is scary as hell. And then they start to come true?” She looked at me and raised her eyebrows. “It’s kind of strange, don’t you think?” 
“Yes, it is, but he could have handled it differently.” I sighed and lay back against the pillows, playing with the tassels from my purple throw pillow. “Anyway, now he wants to be able to check on me every once in a while to make sure I’m okay, but we can’t be together. How can I talk to him, and not hold his hand, or wrap my arms around him? 
“I’m pissed off at him. I want to figure out what’s going on together. He says no, being with him is too dangerous. He decides what’s best for me, and I get no say in the matter.” I roughly wiped the tears that fell down my cheeks. “Thanks for this; I needed to talk about it. And you really helped me today. How did you find out we broke up?” 
She lay down flat on my bed and glanced up at my dirt splotch. “On Monday, you both were away from school, so I thought you were ditching. When Lucas came back yesterday, he sat by himself at his old table. Andy and I went to see what was going on, and he told us that you guys broke up. We asked what happened, but all he would say was to leave him alone, so we did. I called you last night and your mom told me what happened and that you weren’t up to talking. So today, I told all the guys to stay away from our table, or there would be hell to pay.” 
A laugh snuck out around the brownie in my mouth. The idea that she could harm any of our male friends was funny. She was shorter than me with a tiny frame; a strong wind could knock her over 
She stood up, leaning over the bed to hug me. “I better get going. I’m here if you need me.” 
I sniffed, pushing away the last of my tears. “Thanks. See you tomorrow.” 

The rest of the week was more of the same. I didn’t work though. I had my mom call on Monday to tell them that I had been attacked Sunday night, and was still traumatized. I was taking the week off.
I finally told my parents everything. They were very upset with me for keeping it from them, and now I was to be driven everywhere. My mood didn’t improve with time. I thought that the ache in my chest would go away gradually, but as the week went by, it got worse. 
I stayed in my room all the time, sometimes listening to music, other times lying on my bed staring up at the ceiling, wallowing in my misery. I’d stare at my dirt splotch that now took the shape of Lucas’ face.

Monday morning marked a week and a day since he broke up with me. I still wouldn’t speak to him. 
When my mom parked in the teachers’ parking lot, I headed to the side entrance closest to the lot. 
Lucas stood in front of the door waiting for me. I tried to walk around him, but he blocked my path. “Your mother is driving you now? You must have told her what happened. I’m glad, Sarah; you need to be careful even when I’m not there to make sure you are.” He was wearing his black motorcycle boots and dark blue jeans, but beyond that, I couldn’t tell. I kept my eyes to the ground, hoping I could make a quick getaway. 
I ignored his question and took a step to the left to get around him again. But he stepped in front of me.
“I’m sorry about last Wednesday; I didn’t mean to upset you.” 
I nodded and tried to move again. 
“You’re really not going to talk to me?” 
I gave up and lifted my head to look at his shoulder. He was wearing his warm navy blue winter coat, but again that was as far as I could go. I couldn’t bear to look into his eyes. “Have you changed your mind?” 
From the corner of my eye, I saw his jaw tighten as he looked down at his feet. “No, I’m sor—” 
I cut him off. “Fine.” I slipped by him and ran to my locker. 
Emma was no longer my bodyguard. After I told her my story, it was easier, and I wasn’t worried that I might cry. The tears had dried up, and anger was my new friend. 
It was still pretty quiet at lunch though. My two best friends talked to each other as I read. Cory and Pete still stayed away; I figured it was because I was too depressing to be around. No matter how much people tried to cheer me up, I couldn’t even muster the energy to fake enthusiasm. 
I snuck a peek at Lucas’ table, and the scene there was similar to ours. He read a book while Andy and Kyle talked to each other. I wasn’t sure whether it made it easier or harder, that he was suffering as much as I was. 
When I stood up to go to my locker, Emma and Derrick just looked up and waved. I walked down the hall with my head down, trying to avoid eye contact with anyone passing by. 
“Why did you break up with my brother?” I glanced up to see Logan standing in front of me. His hazel eyes were cold as he stared into mine. 
“I didn’t,” I said, starting to walk away. 
He grabbed my arm. “Of course you did, you’re not together, are you?” 
Okay, now he was pissing me off. The scene was too familiar, and I really didn’t want to think about the last time he cornered me in the hallway. 
I shook his hand off my arm. “Did he actually say I dumped him?” 
He thought for a second, running his hand through his hair, a move that he shared with his twin. It was too familiar, so I looked over at a locker with the words “school sucks” written on it. “No, but I assumed you did. He’s miserable. All he does is punch the heavy bag. He’s down there for hours, and he won’t talk to us at dinner. I saw him try to speak to you this morning, and you wouldn’t let him.” 
I laughed dryly, finally glancing at him. Logan’s hair was shorter than his brother’s, and he lacked the cluster of freckles on his cheeks. If it wasn’t for those subtle differences I wouldn’t have been able to look him in the eye. “Why would I want to be near him after he dumped me? Yeah, he tried to get me to talk to him, but that’s just to ease his conscience for breaking my heart. Why should I help him?” The tears that I thought had dried up escaped. I wiped them, hoping he wouldn’t notice, but judging by the panicked look on his face, he did. 
He glanced around as if looking for help. When he found no one around, he awkwardly put his arms around my shoulders to comfort me. I would have been surprised if I wasn’t so upset. 
“Get your hands off of her, Logan. I told you that I’d kick your ass if you ever touched her again.” 
I pulled away from Logan and stared coldly at Lucas. He was rushing toward us, his boots clomping on the floor. His gaze was full of fury, and locked on his brother. 
“Go to hell, Lucas. He was comforting me, after he defended you! He thought I dumped you. He got that wrong, didn’t he?” I scowled at him and walked away. I had so much pain inside me, it was unbearable, and all it would take to make it go away was for him to turn around, take me in his arms, and tell me that he loved me. 
But no, instead I heard Logan say behind me, “What the hell, dude?” 
I turned the corner, ran to the bathroom, and sobbed inside the stall. 






Chapter Twenty-Six
The Recital

Since I worked after school, my parents were taking turns driving me. Mom dropped me off, and my dad was picking me up. 
I was on concession when Zack came over. He was ripping tickets, but with most of the movies in session, the theater was quiet.
“Hey, where were you last week?” 
“I was sick,” I lied. 
“Why didn’t Lucas drop you off like he usually does?” 
Mind your own business. “He dumped me.” 
His eyes widened in surprise. “His loss, right?” he mumbled, obviously uncomfortable. “You can do better anyway.”
“Zack, I appreciate you trying to cheer me up, but I’d rather not talk about it.” I stepped away from the counter to clean the popcorn machine. With the movies in session, my only customers would be a few stragglers out of popcorn, wanting more. When it was slow, we had to find things to do. I was okay with that though; staying busy kept my mind off of hazel eyes with specks of gold, freckles dotted on the tops of cheeks, shaggy brown hair. Ugh, okay, so it didn’t work all the time, but it helped. 
Zach watched me work for a few minutes. When it was obvious that I wasn’t up for conversation, he walked away, grabbing a broom on his way. 
My dad came in awhile later, walking towards me. I had about ten minutes left of my shift. “Hey, how was work?” He placed his hands on the counter, tapping his fingers on the top. He was wearing his green winter coat, undone, showing a ratty T-shirt. 
“It was work,” I said with a shrug. “Dad, you’re early.”
He was chewing his fruit-flavored gum. “I wanted to make sure you didn’t go outside by yourself.” 
“I’ve learned my lesson, believe me.” 
“I’m still upset with you for not telling me what was going on. I’m your father, Sarah, I can’t protect you if I don’t know something’s wrong.” Where had my easy-going-video-game-playing-father gone? Ever since I started dating Lucas, the overprotective-worried-hovering-man before me had taken over, and I really missed the old dad. 
Ten minutes later, I waved to Marcy, who had been working with me. She was scheduled to close. I went to the breakroom to sign out. The room was empty and smelled of tomato soup. 
“Hey, Sarah, I’m sorry about earlier, about bringing up Lucas. I didn’t know,” Zack said, walking into the room and pulling his coat off a hook. 
“It’s okay, Zack, I’ll see you later.” I started out the door, yanking my jacket on, when I heard his voice behind me. 
“Why don’t you let me take you out, to make it up to you? You never know, it might cheer you up.” 
Oh no, not again. “I’m sorry, but I’m not up to it yet.” I rushed out of the room to meet my father at the front doors before he could stop me. 

Tuesday night was the recital. I had been dreading it all week, since I had to play my original piece, a song I wrote about Lucas. It was supposed to be about our emotions. When I wrote it, I was happy; now, not so much. Tonight I would be playing a joyful tune about me and my then boyfriend, and I would be absolutely miserable while doing it.
I stared at myself in my bedroom mirror. I was wearing a halter-style black dress that fell loosely to my knees. My hair was curled with some pulled back away from my face. My eyes were shadowed with a smoky look, and my lips were covered in a soft pink gloss. I had even broken out some blush to add some color to my face. On my feet were high-heeled black strappy sandals. The person in the mirror looked beautiful. But I felt like a vacant shell. 
“Sarah, hurry up, we’re going to be late,” my mother yelled from the hallway. 
I knew she was right, but for some reason, I couldn’t look away from the mirror; there was something about my eyes that looked different to me. 
“Sarah! Let’s go.” Now it was my dad yelling. 
As I walked out, I glanced once more at my reflection, and realized what it was that bothered me. My eyes looked empty. 

The auditorium was packed. I sat on the stage behind the curtain waiting my turn. We were to perform our pieces individually, and then as a closing all of us would play Miss Fitzgerald’s song. 
“Hey, are you nervous?” I heard Emma ask from behind me. 
I turned in the direction of her voice and saw her and Derrick coming up the steps.
“No, I just want to get this over with so I can go home.” All I wanted to do was crawl in bed and disappear. 
They exchanged a worried glance, but that wasn’t new, I was getting used to those looks. She forced a smile. “Well, you look gorgeous. I have to borrow that dress someday.” 
“Sure.” I really wasn’t in the mood to make conversation.
“Well, I guess we’ll go get our seats. Oh, by the way, I’m surprised that you invited Lucas, I didn’t think you wanted him around.”
I panicked. A feeling of excitement mixed with dread came over me. “What, Lucas is here?”
“Um…yeah, didn’t you invite him?” She was shooting looks of confusion between me and Derrick.
“Yes, but we were still together. I figured since he broke my heart, he’d know that I didn’t want him here. Crap.” There was no way I could go out there now. I couldn’t face him. How was I supposed to play a song about him while he was here? Emma patted me on the shoulder, and they both stepped off the stage to find a seat. 
I suddenly felt very warm and clammy. The voices around me became louder, almost deafening, and I couldn’t catch my breath. I needed to leave, I couldn’t do this. 
I ran for the side door, pushing past Lila and her harp, and Marjorie the flute player. I reached the emergency exit, about to push on the latch to make my escape.
“Sarah!” I heard a voice yell from behind me. Damn, I was so close. “Where are you going?” Miss Fitzgerald asked, walking quickly towards me, her heels clicking like the sound of a drum beat. She was dressed up, wearing a shimmering silver dress and oversized hoop earrings. 
I turned to face her. “I’m sorry, but I can’t do this. I have to leave right now.”
Her forehead creased. “Sarah, you are very talented, of course you can do this, it’s just nerves.” She took hold of my elbow and started to lead me back. 
I stood my ground. “I’m sorry but I can’t.” My voice was firm. I wasn’t about to back down.
“What’s going on? Sarah, you’ve been distant for over a week.” Her eyes were filled with concern; no wonder she was my favorite teacher. 
“Lucas broke up with me. And I’ve been a wreck ever since. The song I wrote was about him, how he made me feel happy and excited, but now I have to go out there and play it when I’m miserable. And I thought I could do it, but Emma just told me that he’s out there. I can’t…” I said softly, with my hand still on the door handle ready to push it open. 
Miss Fitzgerald shook her head, her auburn curls bouncing against her shiny dress. “Men. They flatter you to get what they want, and then they dump you.” She had a far-off look in her eyes, and then she scowled. I had a feeling she wasn’t talking about Lucas. 
“No, he’s not like that. He did it for a good reason, in his mind anyway.”
She took both of my hands in hers, staring into my eyes, her face determined, her large emerald ring digging into my fingers. “Sarah, listen, do you know how many people perform when they’re miserable, or sad, or sick?” She didn’t let me answer before she went on. “The way I see it is, you can take all the good memories, blocking out the bad, and channel them into your music. Or you can shake off what you’re feeling right now, go out there with your head held high, give the best performance you possibly can, and show him what he’s lost.” Her gaze was steady as she added, “And if any of that doesn’t work, fake it.” 
It wasn’t the best pep talk I’d ever heard, but it did the trick. I nodded. “Okay, I’ll do it.” 
She smiled before giving me a big hug. She smelled like an odd mix of rain and sunshine. “Good, it’s almost your turn. Go,” she said, with a gentle push.
Mark was just finishing his piece on the clarinet. His emotion must be sadness; the low, haunting notes of the song depressed me even more than I had been. 
I stood at the edge of the stage waiting for him to finish; I was next. Out of the three suggestions Miss Fitzgerald gave me, the only one I could do was fake it. I’d plant a smile on my face, not look into the crowd, play quickly, and get off the stage. That was the plan anyway. 
“Thank you, Mark, that was lovely. Now our next performer on piano is Sarah Samson.” Miss Fitzgerald spoke clearly to the crowd. She walked off the stage in the opposite direction, her long skirt fluttering behind her. 
I blocked out the applause, visualizing that I was alone and the seats were empty. I stepped out slowly, keeping my focus on the piano ahead of me. 
Sitting down on the bench, I put my hands on the keys. 
A familiar pull coming from the center of the room made me glance up quickly without thinking, and I looked right into Lucas’ hazel eyes. He was sitting in the middle row, focused only on me. Our eyes locked, and I began my song. Everything fell away—the last week, the pain I felt, the constant loneliness that followed me everywhere I went, whether I was in a crowd or alone in my room. All I thought about was the music. I played, lost in my own world. 
When I finished, the crowd’s applause pulled me out, snapping me back to reality. Before I stood up, I touched the piano keys, they were wet. I felt my hands, they were damp as well. I realized I didn’t block everything out. As I played, tears rolled down my cheeks, and I didn’t even feel them. 
The last song of the night was the group performance. The curtain was closed as everyone gathered onto the stage, sitting down with our instruments. After the curtain rose, Miss Fitzgerald announced us, and we began. 
The song opened with a piano solo, and then one by one the other instruments joined in. I had to admit we sounded great. Miss Fitzgerald was beaming when the song ended. Pride shone on her face as she stared at us. 
The audience roared with applause, and for a few minutes, I was actually happy, I didn’t need to pretend. We stood and took our bows; I accidentally looked out at the audience and saw Lucas. His face was full of pride as he smiled at me, and the pain came back like a blow to the heart.
While everyone was celebrating, I ducked out the side door to wait for my parents in the car.

“Sarah, what are you doing out here, everyone was looking for you,” my mother said, climbing into the front passenger side about twenty minutes later. My brother got in beside me, and my dad climbed in behind the wheel, turned the key, and pulled out onto the road, trying to beat the mob of cars. 
“I didn’t feel like celebrating.” I stared out the window without seeing the view before me.
“Sarah, you have to pull out of this, make an effort,” she said, leaning over and rubbing my knee. 
I yanked my leg away from her hand. “Mom, I don’t want to talk about it.” 
“Fine, I’ll leave it alone for now.” She sighed heavily, and then beamed at me. “Oh honey, you were great up there, we were so proud.” 
“Thank you.” I managed a slight smile. 

When we arrived home, I went right up to my room to change into my standard pj’s, pink tank, and black yoga pants. I was too restless to sleep, so I sat down in front of the computer and checked my email. It was a mistake; there was one from Lucas. I read all the junk mail and jokes sent from Emma, then reluctantly opened his. It read: Sarah, I tried to catch you after the recital, but you were gone. I would call, except I know you wouldn’t answer. So hopefully, you’ll read this message. I just wanted to say how beautifully brilliant you were tonight, I was proud to know you. Lucas. 
Okay, maybe I will go to bed, I thought as I turned off my computer and fell under the covers, tugging them up over my head. I knew he was just trying to be nice, but his words were so sweet they ripped through me like the knife he was trying to protect me from.






Chapter Twenty-Seven
The Break-In

The rest of the week involved more wallowing. My new thing was listening to a song that helped me stay in the mood. It was on repeat, so I could listen to it over and over. Pathetic, I know. 
Sometimes when I listened to the song, I would forget about the empty, painful ache in my chest. I avoided Lucas as much as I could. I saw him a few times, but he no longer tried to talk to me. History was now bearable since we had finished our project and handed it in. 
At work on Wednesday, Zack bugged me to let him take me out. I finally agreed so I could get rid of him. He told me that he’d rather go out Friday if that was okay. That was fine with me as long as it was just a quick bite to eat, making it clear to him that it wasn’t a date. He said he understood that I wasn’t ready yet; it would just be a friendly dinner. I didn’t bother to tell him that I would never be ready; he’d find out sooner or later.

The evening promised to be a disaster when he pulled into the back lot at the mall. It was the entrance to Sabour’s, Lucas’ family’s restaurant. Fridays were usually his night off, but I still had a bad feeling as we were led to a table by a hostess I didn’t recognize. I took my menu from her and held it in front of my face, knowing it wouldn’t help hide my identity.
“Welcome to Sabour’s,” Lucas said, approaching our table. He froze when he saw me. Three emotions crossed his face—happiness at seeing me, shock at seeing me with Zack, then fury when he saw Zack touching my leg, which I was trying to shake off. “Get your hand off of her,” Lucas said through gritted teeth. 
Zack lifted his hand slowly. “I don’t think that’s up to you anymore.” There was cold laughter in his eyes. 
Lucas stood glaring at him, literally shaking with anger. It looked like he was struggling with himself not to lunge at Zack. “Sarah, can I see you for a moment?” His voice was filled with venom. 
“You don’t have to go, Sarah, he is not your boyfriend any longer, remember?” Zack seemed to be enjoying himself. 
Lucas didn’t give me a chance to answer. He grabbed my arm, yanking me out of the booth. 
Zack stood up to face him. They were standing inches apart, staring daggers at one another. “Get your hand off of her.” His voice was low, but I was sure I heard it shake slightly. 
People were starting to notice. I saw an older woman in a loud floral dress turn her head around so she could get a better view. 
“Its okay, Zack, I’ll be right back,” I said, pulling Lucas away. I let go of him when we were out of Zack’s sight. 
Lucas took my arm and pulled me into the back room.
“What are you doing? I told you that I don’t trust him!” His voice was filled with frustration and anger. We were in the pantry, where no one could hear. “Are you trying to get yourself hurt?” 
“What are you talking about?” I snapped.
“I told you that I had a bad feeling about him. I’m staying away from you to keep you safe. The least you could do is watch who you spend your time with.” 
“You listen to me. I’m not your problem anymore, you ended it, remember?” I stabbed him in the chest; my finger tingled through his white dress shirt. 
He gave me a low chuckle. “How could I forget, you keep reminding me.” 
“If that’s all you wanted, I’ll go out and tell him that I want to leave. I had no idea he would bring me here, and I didn’t think you’d be working.” I turned to go.
He tugged my arm, swinging me around to face him. “That’s not all. I want to know why you’re with him.” He narrowed his eyes and sneered. “Are you dating? That’s just great, Sarah. You accuse me of not caring about you because I ended it. And now after only a couple of weeks, you’re dating him?” He was pacing the pantry and waving his arms.
I punched him in the chest, unable to control my anger. “Not that it’s any of your business, but he’s been bugging me all week to take me out to cheer me up, so I told him yes just to shut him up.”
He smiled. “Does he know that?” 
“Why do you care? You lost your say about my life. You can’t tell me what to do, I won’t stand for it.” I started to walk out. 
“Be careful,” he said quietly. I stood in front of the door, holding the doorknob for a few seconds, then without saying a word I opened it, almost smacking into his parents and the wait staff who had been listening at the door. Shaking my head at them, I ran out of the kitchen. 
Zack was waiting impatiently at the booth. 
“Let’s go, I don’t want to be here,” I said as he stood up. I stormed out of the restaurant with him following behind me. 
“Did you know he worked there?” I asked accusingly once we were in his car driving away.
“No, how could I? My parents come here, and they recommended it.” 
“I’m not very hungry, can you take me home?” 
He didn’t look happy, but he did what I asked. 

Two weeks went by, and I really couldn’t say what happened. I lived in a daze. The longer I was away from Lucas, the more I was swallowed up by grief. He was my missing puzzle piece, together we were complete. Without him, I felt like I’d lost a piece of myself. The dreams were no help to forgetting him. They seem to come full force. Now every night when I closed my eyes, I shared an evening in some capacity in Lucas’ arms. And every morning I woke up, lost to him all over again.
One Saturday morning in early December, I lay on my bed listening to my now favorite song, and stared up at my ceiling. 
The door flew open, and Emma stalked in. She stood at the foot of the bed, staring down at me with angry squinty eyes. 
“What?” I asked, confused. Did I do something to make her mad? I might have, I just didn’t remember. 
“Sarah, this is getting ridiculous, all you do is lie on your bed and listen to this song. What the hell is it anyway?” 
“It’s “Dead-Beat,” by Monster Ball. Don’t you like it?”
“I’m a Dead-Beat anyway just shove me six feet under?” She recited the lyrics with mock horror. It was their latest song, and I had to admit it was very depressing. But what could I say, this was the new me. “You’ve been listening to this for weeks. Most people listen to love songs when they break up.” 
My eyes flicked away from the ceiling for an instant, and I shrugged. “My breakup, my song.”
She stared at me in disbelief. “Oh, come on, Sarah you’ve got to snap out of it.” She whipped the blankets off of me. “That’s it, we’re going out.” 
I lifted my head up and smiled at her. “You know what? You’re right.” 
“I am?” she asked, surprised.
“You are, let’s go.” I stood up and started changing out of the clothes I’d worn all week when I was at home, yoga pants and a tank top. I dressed in jeans and a T-shirt, then put my hair in a ponytail. 
Emma watched me with her mouth wide open; obviously, she thought that I’d put up more of a fight. “Where are we going?” 
“To break into Lucas’ house, of course,” I said, smiling as I took my dad’s old college ball cap and shoved it on my head, slipping my tail through the hole in the back. I gave her a pat on the shoulder before walking out the door. 
She ran up to me in the hallway and pulled me back to my room. “What are you talking about?” 
“Lucas is hiding something. So I’m going to look in his room and find out what it is.” 
“You can’t break into someone’s house, that’s illegal.” She whispered the last word.
“We are not going to break in. I know where the spare key is, and he told me anytime I wanted to sneak in and crawl in bed with him, I could. It’s not my fault he won’t be there.” 
She stared at me in amazement with her olive-green eyes, not sure if I had lost my mind or not. I probably had. “You’re nuts. I am not going to break into their house!” she whispered, shaking her finger at me.

I pulled up to Emma’s house an hour later, giving her time to drive her car back. She came out of her front door and ran to my car, glancing all around her. 
“Good God, woman. What the hell are you wearing?” I asked, staring at her once she was seated beside me in the car. “Why are you all in black? Are you going to a funeral after?” She had on a black turtleneck, black winter jacket, and black jeans. “And where did you get a turtleneck? What is this, 1986?” 
“It’s my mom’s and you’re supposed to wear black when you break into a house, so you can blend in.” 
“At night. It’s morning, and it’s sunny out.” 
“Well, how am I supposed to know that, it’s my first break-in,” she whispered, her eyes scanning the neighborhood, making sure no one could hear. The windows were closed, and the sidewalks were empty, but that didn’t soothe her. She sat slumped in the seat throwing on a pair of oversized black sunglasses. I chuckled, shaking my head as I drove off. 
On the way to Lucas’ house, she asked me, “Are you sure they won’t be home?” 
“Yes, everyone is working at the restaurant. Logan has band practice with Jim, Saturday mornings, then after that, he goes to work. We’ll park down the road and walk through the woods to their backyard, no one will see us.” 	
About half a mile from their house, there was a driveway. His dad sometimes used it if he was going to the woods with his truck. I parked there, under some trees, so no one would see my car. 
We got out and had barely started on the path before Emma started to whine. “This is far; you didn’t say anything about hiking.” 
“It’s not that far, I promise.” 
It took us about ten minutes to get to their backyard. As we cleared the trees, I heard Emma grumble. “Not far, my ass.” 
I smiled to myself; an outdoors girl she was not. 
We walked though the spacious yard and up to the deck. “Wait,” I said, going back down the steps. I crept slowly to the front of the house to make sure there were no cars in the driveway. All clear. 
I returned to the deck beside Emma and leaned over the railing where the key was hidden, pulling it off the hook. I slid the key in the lock and started to turn it. “Wait!” Emma yelled from beside me. 
“What?” Panic ran cold inside me at the thought of someone catching us. 
“Are you sure you don’t want to back out? There’s still time.” 
I shook my head, breathing a sigh of relief as I turned the key and opened the door. 
The house was quiet and empty. The only sound was the clock ticking on the wall in the kitchen. The air smelled of bacon. I looked at the stove and saw a dirty pan on the stove. Logan must have forgotten to clean up after he cooked himself breakfast.
Emma followed me to Lucas’ room. I opened his door and stepped inside. 
“So what are we looking for, all I see is a messy teenage boy’s room…and a lot of pictures of you. He’s obviously still smitten.”
The picture he took of us at the waterfall was sitting on his nightstand. And the one of me in the cafeteria was out now, on a shelf. 
I picked up the picture of us and stared at it. We were so happy then. Lucas sat beside me with his arm wrapped around my waist. My head was leaning on his shoulder. Our eyes were sparkling with happiness. Our smiles were both wide and gleaming. The waterfall in the background was frozen, the white spray coming up and over the hill. The two of us looked so happy, oblivious to the fact that some freak was waiting in the shadows to steal our joy. 
“Hello, Sarah, break and entering here. Hurry up.” Emma said as she rummaged through Lucas’ clothes on his dresser, not knowing what she was looking for.
I put the picture back on the nightstand and glanced around, picking up his discarded clothing that was lying on the bed and floor, and moving books that had been haphazardly dropped on the floor beside his bed. But nothing stood out that would tell me what I wanted to know. 
“Sarah, come on, I don’t want to get caught,” Emma whined, now standing by the door, ready to leave. 
I remembered something—the book he took out when he showed me his pictures. I opened the drawer and there it was, right on top. On the front of the book, written in his handwriting, were the words Dream Journal. 
I tucked the book inside my coat. “Jackpot, let’s go.” 
We straightened up what we had moved and started to leave. “Wait.” I rushed back in and grabbed the framed picture of us. He was supposed to give me a copy anyway. 
Once we were outside, I locked the door and put the key back on the hook. 
We were halfway down their lawn when I heard the motor of a car pull in the driveway. 
“Shit,” I said, grabbing Emma’s hand. We ran as fast as we could until we flew through the trees. 
Once we were hidden, we turned to see if we were noticed. Logan’s car was in the driveway, but he was nowhere to be seen. “Okay, let’s go.” 
The walk back didn’t take as long, but we were walking faster, afraid someone would catch us. 

Twenty minutes later, I pulled up to Emma’s house, a blue-sided bungalow with a covered porch that wrapped around the front. “Thanks, Emma, this meant a lot to me.” 
She nodded her head, and a small smile appeared. “No problem. Now that it’s over, I gotta say it was kind of fun. You’re not going to tell me what you took, are you?” she asked taking her seat belt off and reaching for the door handle.
“No.” 
She groaned. “Fine, but he’s going to notice the picture missing.” 
“He won’t care. The book is another story. He’ll notice it, but I’m not worried.” 
“Whatever you say.” She pushed the door open and stepped out. 
I waved as I drove off. 

When I arrived home, my mom told me that my manager had called, wanting to know if I could take over Marcy’s shift, since she went home sick. 
I called to tell them that I would be there as soon I could. “Mom, can you drive me?” I asked when I hung up the phone.
“Sure, but your dad will have to pick you up. I have to go to the office for a while.” 
I ran up to my room to put Lucas’ journal away. I placed it and the picture up on the top shelf in my closet, beside the rock. I didn’t think he would come looking for it, but just in case. 
“Okay, I’m ready,” I said when I went back downstairs.
She put her work down, and we left. 






Chapter Twenty-Eight
The Dream Journal

The sun had disappeared, dark clouds hovered above, and the wind whipped through me as I rushed to the car. The whole drive to the theater I waited for the rain to start, but it wasn’t until I stepped out of the car that the sky opened up and big fat rain drops poured down, soaking me instantly. 
Stepping inside the warm building, I was wet and cold, and when I heard Marcy had been on concession, I regretted agreeing to work. 
It wasn’t until my shift was almost over that I had finally dried off. A loud thump on the counter beside me made me jump. I looked away from the man I was serving to see Lucas standing on the other side of the counter. Crap, he noticed already. My God, he looked good. He wore a black leather jacket I had never seen. His hair was getting a little long, curling around his ears. It glistened with rain, making it hang longer than usual. His jaw was tight and his eyes were fierce, a sure sign that he was angry. He looked dangerous and sexy. 
“What’s your problem?” I scowled at him as I collected the money from my customer. The movies were starting, so it was clearing out. 
“Where is it, Sarah?” he asked, balling the hand he had slammed on the counter into a fist. Oh yeah, he was mad. 
“Where is what?” I asked innocently.
“You know exactly what I’m talking about.” 
“I really don’t. Why don’t enlighten me?” I took a cloth from the shelf and started to wipe off the counter. I deliberately focused on what I was doing, afraid that if he looked into my eyes, he would know I was lying.
“How could you break into my house? What’s gotten into you?” His breathing was controlled, trying to stay calm.
“Someone broke into your house?” 
“Cut the crap, you suck at lying, remember?” 
The amount of lying I had done lately would suggest otherwise; of course, I’d keep that to myself. “Look, will you stop this and tell me what happened?” I tossed the rag back onto the shelf.
“Someone used the key from the back deck to get inside my house. They took some things from my room, just, my room. You’re the only one who knows where the key is.” 
“Oh, I’m sure Logan has shown some of his girlfriends.” 
“They wouldn’t want what was taken.”
“And what was that?”
He sighed in frustration and shoved his hand roughly through his hair. “I’m not saying what’s missing because you know, you took them.” 
“Was this today?” I asked, and he nodded. “Well then, there you have it, I worked all day.” I leaned against the counter with my arms crossed in front of me.
“That’s interesting, since they don’t open until noon.” 
I pushed off the counter and leaned forward. “Well, this has been barrels of fun, being accused of theft and all, but I think it’s time for you to leave.” My voice held irritation, but in truth I was glad to see him. Since he stopped pressuring me, I’d missed seeing his face. 
“Please, Sarah, you can keep the picture, I wanted to give you a copy anyway. But I don’t want you to read what is in that book.” His desperate plea was so genuine I almost gave it back to him. Before I could give in to that urge, I remembered why I took it in the first place. I needed answers. 
“I don’t have it, now leave.” I pointed to the exit.
He looked defeated. I felt awful. 
“What’s going on here, Lucas?” We both turned to see my dad walking toward us, looking angry. “Haven’t you done enough? You broke her heart, and believe me, I know. I’ve watched her pulling away from us more each day. And now you come to her work and harass her. What the hell is wrong with you?” 
Lucas stepped aside as my father strolled up to the counter, and faced him. “I’m sorry, Mr. Samson, I never meant to hurt her, but this isn’t what it looks like. She has something of mine, I was just asking for it back.” 
“I heard her tell you to leave; I suggest you do what she asked.” The tone of his voice left no room for argument. 
“Fine,” Lucas said, obviously giving up. “But Sarah, I want it back.” He pointed to me as he walked away. 
“What was that about. Do you have something of his?” 
I smiled innocently. “I don’t think so, but I’ll look tonight. I’ll be right back, Dad, I’m just going to sign out.” 

At home, as I rushed upstairs to read the journal, my phone beeped, letting me know I had a text. There were two actually, both from Lucas asking me please not to read the book. He didn’t want me to know what was inside. I was so confused. I needed to know what was going on, but he made me feel so guilty. 
I opened Lucas’ journal and started to read it. Did I know it was wrong? Yes. Did I care? No. It was the only way to figure out what was happening. He might be willing to sit back and let someone ruin our happiness, but I wasn’t.
The first page was dated February first of our first year in high school. 
It read: “I saw her, the girl I’ve been dreaming about on and off since childhood. Her hair was shorter than it was in my dreams, but it was her, she had the same beautiful face. I’ve decided I should document everything since a girl I thought I had imagined, actually exists.
I was in my first period math class this morning when Mr. Monroe announced we had a new student. She had transferred from a private school after her mother received the vice principal position.
I was absorbed in the pages of The Catcher in the Rye instead of listening to the lecture; the novel was hidden inside my math book. I didn’t look up when the teacher called our attention.
The girl, apparently named Sarah, walked by me, accidentally rubbing her arm against mine; it felt like an electric shock that vibrated up my arm. I looked up at her as she sat down in the seat across from me. I gasped out loud when I saw her, the face that had occupied my mind for as long as I could remember. Mr. Monroe asked if I was okay. I was a little shaken as I asked to be excused. 
In the bathroom, I splashed water on my face and stared at myself in the mirror. Was I crazy? Had I really seen her, maybe I imagined it?” 
I put his journal down, in shock at what I had read so far. Had he been dreaming of me since he was a kid? I couldn’t believe it. I didn’t know how he could have kept it to himself all this time. Why didn’t he tell me? I picked it up and continued to read. 
“I went back to class trying to avoid looking at the girl named Sarah. I didn’t trust myself not to freak out again. She was also in my last class, so when the day was over, I rushed home to document my dreams. 
I had the first one when I was thirteen. She was younger then, and she seemed to grow in my dreams as I did. I didn’t know who she was, but I didn’t mind, she was beautiful. Her hair was a stunning dark chestnut; it was smooth and silky as it flowed down her back. Her skin had an olive tone, and her eyes were the darkest brown I had ever seen. 
At first I thought it was cool dreaming of a beautiful girl I didn’t know, until I began high school, and I started having them once or twice a month. Sometimes I would only see her face, others, we would be sitting in a backyard on a swing set, or dancing in the moonlight. They were mostly romantic and sweet until one day they turned dark. While we were dancing in the now familiar back yard, after I’d giving her a single red rose, a guy in a hooded shirt came up behind me and stabbed me in the back. I fell into her arms while she screamed “Nooo!” My soul floated up above and watched the rest of the scene. After he stabbed me, he stalked over to her and shoved the knife into her chest. She fell on top of me, the rose still clutched in her hand. 
I woke up in a cold sweat, terrified that it really happened, even though I didn’t know who she was, I worried for her. I also woke up knowing her name, as I had awoken screaming it. Katie.” 
I knew he’d called me Katie those two times he denied it. There was something very strange going on, and I was going to find out what it was. I decided to only read a few more pages. Maybe then I wouldn’t feel as guilty for having read it at all. I skipped forward some and started again.
This page was dated in April of tenth grade: “I brought my camera to school today; I knew I shouldn’t, it was reckless and selfish. But I took her picture while she was eating alone in the cafeteria, waiting for her friends. I had to; I needed a picture of her face that had nothing to do with the dreams that haunted me. I’ve seen the image of her death so many times now, I wanted to look at the photo after I woke up in distress, which I always did. To see her beautiful face, to prove she was alive and well. It will hopefully calm my panic when I awake from the death dream, as I now called it.
I have longed to talk to her, the girl I love, but do not know. I’ve decided and changed my mind so many times over the last year of knowing who she really was. But I cannot give in. I have to protect her from my dreams, which I now feel are premonitions. Somehow I can see our future. I feel that the dreams are a warning to never become involved with her, to keep her safe. Even if it kills me, to walk past her every day, and say nothing.”
A tear fell onto the paper making the ink run. I wiped it quickly, taking out a tissue to wipe my eyes before any other tears could fall and ruin the pages. 
I had no idea how often he had that dream. I had it about six times, and I always awoke screaming. 
I also felt guilty for the way I treated him, for all the times I turned away this past month. He really believed he was protecting me from something that would happen if we were together. But I had a different idea of what was going on. I decided to only read two more pages, and then I would return the book to him and apologize for what I put him through. I had been away from him for a month, and was feeling more pain than I thought possible. And yet he had gone through so much more, before we even met.
“Tonight Sarah was almost hit by a car. I knew I shouldn’t have made contact with her, but not to was killing me. Every time I walked past her in the hall at school, I felt an invisible force pulling me in her direction, to walk away from her felt like walking against a windstorm. I should have turned the other way that day I saw her in the hall. I thought I could handle just that one encounter when she thought she ran into me. I changed my mind quickly before she saw me. I had no idea I dropped my book.
These last few months of knowing her, and being with her, have been everything I had dreamed it would be and more. I didn’t know she was so sweet, kind and fun to be with. I should end it now before something worse happens, but I can’t. I tried tonight, but she was so sure that what happened had nothing to do with us being together. I know she’s wrong, and for now, I will pretend I believe. Leaving her will hurt her, and I can’t do that. I will do everything in my power to keep her safe. Hopefully it will be enough, if it isn’t I will have to do what I dread." 
The next and final page I read was the night I was almost stabbed. 
"It happened, the one thing I had feared most of my life. She was almost taken from me. I was almost too late, if I had gone to the store like I had planned, she would be dead right now. Tomorrow I’m going to end it. It will be the hardest thing I have ever done, but I must suffer, and be without her. Because I know what will happen if I don’t leave, and the alterative is too unbearable to think of. I know it will be hard, and she will hate me, but I must keep her safe!”
That was all he wrote. He was so sure he was doing the right thing that he didn’t question his decision. I couldn’t read any of the pages since he broke up with me. I didn’t want to hear how much I hurt him, every time I yelled at him for doing what he was so sure was right. I had made it worse for him, but that was going to change. 
I picked up my phone and dialed his number. 
“Hello, Sarah? Are you okay?” Even though his voice was panicked, I was thrilled to hear it. How I longed to hear him whisper in my ear while he embraced me, as he had done so many times when we were together. 
“I’m fine. Are you busy?”
“No, what’s wrong?” 
“Could you meet me at the waterfall tomorrow? I’ll park at the back of the woods so no one will see me. Okay?” He was silent, considering if he should risk it. “Please, I need to see you,” I begged. 
He sighed heavily. “Fine, I’ll be there. But Sarah, please be careful.” 
“What time do you work?” 
“I don’t, I have the day off.” I heard the blare of the TV on his end of the phone. I imagined him in the rec room punching the heavy bag while Logan lounged on the couch watching cheesy action movies. I craved to be there with them, whining as Lucas pushed me to punch the bag just a few minutes longer, as Logan sat back and watched, not bothering to hide his amusement. The vision appeared in my mind before I could stop it, and the pain in my chest returned.
Snapping out of my hurtful fantasy, I returned to the matter at hand. “Okay, I’ll meet you there at ten.” 
“I don’t want you driving alone; maybe I should pick you up?” 
“I thought the whole point of our breakup was so we won’t be seen together.” 
He was quiet for a few seconds and then he sighed heavily. “You’re right, but if you’re late, I’m coming after you.” 
“I’ll see you tomorrow.” 






Chapter Twenty-Nine
Confessions

I had to sneak out of the house, but it wasn’t hard. My parents went out for breakfast, and Alex was still sleeping when I left. The rain had finally stopped, but the sun was hidden behind clouds, and the chill in the air was crisp. I was wearing my baby blue woolen mittens, which my grandma had knitted for me shortly before she died. If I needed a hat near the waterfall, I could pull my hood up. 
When I stepped through the trees, I saw him sitting on the top of the little hill, leaning against a bare maple. His hands were stuffed in his pockets, and he was hunched so his winter coat covered his ears. Icy cold air whirled toward me from the waterfall, freezing my cheeks and ears. I tugged my hood up, pulling the strings to keep it on. 
A twinge of excitement bubbled up inside me at the sight of him. Pushing it away from the surface so it wouldn’t show on my face, I stepped over and leaned against a knotty pine across from him. I slid down the trunk to sit on the ground. It was cold and wet, and I was sure I’d have a wet spot on my butt when I stood up. I placed the bag I brought beside me on the grass.
“So? What did you want to see me about?” 
I sighed heavily before I began what I had planned to say. “First, I want to apologize for how I’ve been treating you since you broke up with me.” 
He opened his mouth to speak, but I lifted my mitten-covered hand to silence him before continuing. “I took your book.” I said it quickly before I could change my mind. 
Just as I expected, his face turned red with fury. “Damn it, I knew it!” he growled. “How could you? That is my journal. I put my personal thoughts inside. If I wanted you to know them, I would have told you!” He stood up and started pacing back and forth in front of his tree. “You of all people should understand. You know me more than anyone else. You had to know I’d be furious!” 
I smiled at him; he so rarely lost his temper. “Are you finished?” I asked, not fazed by his rant. He scowled at me. I pulled his book out of my bag and handed it to him. He took it without a glance, dropping it at his feet. It made a dull thud as it hit the ground. 
“I had to take it, you gave me no choice. I asked you over and over what was really going on, and you lied to me.” I was raising my voice, thinking about how frustrating it was not knowing. Remembering my vow to make things easier on him, I took a few deep breaths and began again. “I took your book so I could understand why you left me. And don’t worry, I only read a few pages. There is something I kept from you, though.” 
He stopped pacing to glance at me curiously. 
“As you know, I had the same dream you had, the one where we both died.” He nodded gravely. “But what I didn’t tell you was that I’ve had them for months. I read your journal and from what I can tell, we’ve been having the same dreams. All of them.” 
He sat down on the ground again and leaned against the tree. “Why didn’t you tell me?” 
“You know why.” He nodded, and I went on. “The first one was us sitting on the swing set, looking up at the sky, I thought it was Logan, but after I got to know you, I figured out the truth. They started to get sweet, dancing in the moonlight, kissing while we danced. Sometimes I would just see your face. Then I had the dream of us being murdered. I’ve had it six times. I remember, because it’s really hard to forget. You know my name in the dream is Katie, but what you may not know is, your name is David. I didn’t read that in your journal, but like I said, I only read a few pages.” 
“I knew,” he said quietly. 
I watched him pull a few blades of grass out of the ground; the wind blew them off of his hand. 
“Have you ever dreamed of another face, a guy about our age, dark blond hair, steel blue eyes, and cleft chin?” I asked.
“No, why?” 
“I’ve seen his face a few times, and it’s always distorted with anger. I believe he is the one who killed them.” I paused, glancing at the waterfall for a few seconds, contemplating my next words carefully. Finally, I turned back to face him. “You’re wrong, though, the dreams are not premonitions.” 
He arched an eyebrow, giving me a smirk. “What are they then?” 
“Memories.” The word was barely out of my mouth before he was shaking his head. I started talking again before he could. “Think about it. We both have the same dreams, and we even had one at the same time. The night we fell asleep on my couch, I had a dream of us running hand in hand in a field. You tripped, and I fell on top of you. We started kissing, and I took off your shirt. I whispered I love you David, and you said, ‘You are my life, my love, my joy.’ I remember because I thought it was a beautiful thing to say. I woke up then, and I heard you whisper the same words in your sleep.” His eyes widened in surprise. I continued what I had to say. “I think we are dreaming of our former lives. We were reincarnated.” I felt stupid saying it out loud. 
He smiled, like what I said made perfect sense. “Soul mates,” he said, nodding.
“That’s what I think.” I was happy I didn’t have to convince him. 
Pulling off my mittens, I unzipped my bag and pulled out my laptop. “I thought we could do some research and see if we can find something about their deaths.” I placed the computer on my lap and opened it.
“We don’t have last names,” he said, scooting closer to me to look at the screen as I typed. 
“Just wait, and see what I find.” I punched in the names: “David and Katie—murdered with butcher knife.” I waited until about ten items had popped up. 
We searched through them all until we found one that sounded right. It was an article from a town called Renford, New Hampshire. A teenager in a jealous rage murdered David Wilson and Kathleen Simms with a butcher knife, on the night of their engagement party. They were out in the backyard for a breather while their families were celebrating inside the house. Tony (Anthony) Garrison was arrested a week later, after his mother found the bloody knife in his closet. Tony pled guilty, saying that it wouldn’t have happened if she had chosen him. There were pictures of all three. They were in black and white, and faded, but it was obvious that David and Katie looked just like us. We weren’t the only ones that looked familiar; Tony was the other person in my dreams, the one whose face was twisted with anger.
“Wow!” Lucas’ face was full of shock after reading the newspaper article. “Why didn’t I think of this before?” 
“You’re just not as smart as me, that’s all.” I laughed as he gave me a playful shove.
“Look at the date they were killed. March 12th 1930.” I pointed to the screen. We stared at each other, trying to grasp what was happening. 
“This is crazy, isn’t it? I mean it’s obvious that’s us, we dream about them, and they look like us, but it is hard to believe…” Lucas trailed off, gazing at the computer screen. 
“I know, I was glad when you said the word, and I didn’t have to.” 
He glanced over at me, his eyes shining. “But I felt something the first time you touched me, a spark. Everything makes sense now.” 
“I don’t remember touching you that day, I was so nervous. But I felt the same thing when you touched my hand in the cafeteria.”
A silence settled upon us as we remembered that day that seemed so long ago. I turned off my computer and stuffed it inside my bag. 
“Sarah?” His voice sounded uncertain.
I glanced at him while I played with the zipper on my bag. “Yes?”
“I’m sorry I tried to force you to see me after we broke up.” I shook my head, not wanting to get into that. “No, listen to me. You were dealing with our breakup your way, and I kept pushing you to do it mine. It wasn’t fair of me. I realized that the day I saw you crying on Logan’s shoulder. He gave me hell and told me to stay away from you. He said that it hurt you too much to see me.” 
I was surprised. Who knew Logan would turn out to be a decent guy? “Seriously, Logan defended me?” 
“You changed him. He told me about the talk the two of you had. You had an effect on him because you spoke your mind. My parents are so happy; he’s going to apply for culinary school next month.” 
“That’s great, I’m glad he’s changing.” I felt so relaxed talking to Lucas. For a moment, I forgot the past month ever happened. 
He reached over to fiddle with the strap of my bag, brushing my knee with his hand. I shivered at the energy his touch created. That’s when I remembered his words to me in front of my house. I needed to leave before I got wrapped up in him again. As soon as he reminded me that wasn’t going to happen, I would hit bottom. “I should go,” I said unenthusiastically. 
His smile disappeared. “Do you have to?” 
“Has anything changed?” 
“I wish it had, I really do, but no. Since we’ve been apart, you’ve been safe. I have to keep it that way.” 
I shoved my mittens into my bag. “Fine, I understand, I do. But I can’t spend a lot of time with you, it hurts too much.” 
He nodded and then stood up. 
I followed him reluctantly. Even though it was my idea, I didn’t want to leave. “I am so sorry for what I put you through. I know you did it to protect me; I had no idea how hard it was for you. Now that I’ve read your journal, I’ll behave.” I reached up and touched his cheek, no longer able to resist. His eyes held so much emotion from my soft touch, it was hard to step back. 
“Goodbye Lucas,” I said softly, before turning away from him. 
I managed a few steps before he called, “Sarah, we should meet again so we can figure out who’s doing this.” 
I turned and smiled. “We’ll talk at school and arrange a time.” I turned back and kept walking. I had to keep going because if I stayed any longer, I wouldn’t be able to stop myself from throwing my arms around him. I wanted to make it easier for both of us, so I went home to my room to wallow some more, snuggling under the covers to warm up. My hands, face, and ears were cold from the iciness of the air, but it was nothing compared to the chill that ran through my veins. I wasn’t sure what it was that made my body so cold, the weather, or the lack of Lucas’ presence. 






Chapter Thirty
Awkward

The next day at school Andy came up to me in the hallway. “Hey, Sarah, how are you?” 
“I’m functioning. If you’re here to defend Lucas—” 
He cut me off. “No, I’m here to tell you that I’m sorry for what he did. He’s an ass for hurting you, and I’ve told him several times.” 
This new information amused me. First his brother and now his friend defending me was extremely sweet, and quite unexpected. “Don’t give him too hard a time, he did what he thought was best. It’s as hard on him as it is on me.” 
“What’s gotten into you? Two weeks ago you were giving him hell every chance you got.” 
“I found some things out, so now I’m going to try and be civil.” 
“Well, good luck with that.” He shifted his books in his arms. “Why don’t I take you out, maybe it will cheer you up.”
“No, thanks, I’ll be fine.” I started to walk away but his hand swung out, wrapping around my elbow, stopping me mid-step. I stared at him, surprised at his odd behavior. 
His expression held an air of determination. “Sarah, I want to.” 
I pulled my hand away. “No. I said I was fine.” 
He glanced around and smiled. “If you need anything, let me know. I should go, or I’m going to be late for class.” 
I watched him walk away with a feeling of uneasiness. Once he was out of sight I turned and rushed to my own class. 
When I slid into my seat, there was a note on my desk: How about today after school? It wasn’t signed, but of course, I knew who it was from. 
I turned the paper over and wrote: Sounds good, but I don’t have a car. I’ll have Emma drop me off at the woods. Derrick can pick me up. 
I asked Emma to hand it to Brady Walker, who tossed it to Lucas. He read it and nodded, turning to face the front of the class. 

“Emma explained what was happening, and why everyone was driving you around. Why didn’t you tell me?” Derrick said, leaning over the seat. We were parked in front of the driveway in the woods after school, waiting for Lucas. He and Emma were going to dinner while they waited for me. 
“I’m not in the mood to talk about it right now,” I mumbled, staring out the window. 
“I would have helped you out, driven you around,” he said, ignoring my words.
I sighed in frustration, tired of explaining myself. “Lucas and Logan were doing that, and my parents took over. Besides you’re helping right now, so back off.” I regretted the words as soon as they left my lips. Being in this situation was making me cranky. “I’m sorry, Derrick; it’s just that I’ve had that lecture from a lot of people. I really do appreciate you wanting to help.” 
His reassuring smile gave me comfort. He was my best friend and always would be. The sound of branches snapping through my open window made all three of us look outside. Lucas stood at the edge of the trees. “I’ll call you when I’m ready to be picked up.” I shut the door behind me after stepping out, and pulled my hood up again. It was colder today, but at least the sun was peeking through the clouds.
All this help was wearing on my nerves. I missed being able to drive myself around. But that night when I was attacked woke me up, and I knew all of this extra help was necessary. Derrick honked the horn as he drove away. I waved, and walked over to where Lucas was standing. 
“Hey.” That was the only greeting that came to mind. 
He nodded with a slight smile before he started to make his way to the waterfall. I followed behind him, wondering why he was so quiet. 
We ascended the hill and sat down against our trees. There was a duffel bag lying in the grass next to him. He opened it and pulled out his laptop.
“So what should we look for?” he asked me. 
I dumped my bag beside me and sat up straight. “Actually, before we start I want to say something. I think if we are going to find out who is doing this, we have to be honest with each other. Is there anything else you’re not telling me?” 
“No, it was just about the dreams, how long I’ve been having them. And that I thought they were premonitions. I was afraid you would think I was crazy if I told you that.”
I grinned. My theory was just as odd, and he didn’t judge me when I voiced it. “I have more to tell you. Don’t be mad that I kept it from you because deep down I think I knew if it became too dangerous you would have left me for my own good.” I took a deep breath before I continued. This story sounded like a movie plot, not something that had happened to me, and as I opened my mouth to recount the tale, a gust of wind swirled around me, making me feel as cold on the outside as I did inside. 
Finally, the words came out in a rush, as I explained how I’d been followed twice in the parking lot at work. I told him every detail, so at least now he couldn’t accuse me of holding anything back. Better late than never, right? When I was finished, I paused, looking up at him. The scowl on his face wasn’t really surprising. I pulled the rock I’d hidden out of my bag and handed it to him. “I saw someone outside of my house watching me, and a week later this was thrown through my window.” I stopped talking. Lucas was reading the rock, and I could tell he wasn’t very happy with me. The knuckles on his hands were white.
He looked away so I couldn’t read his expression, but I could tell he was breathing in and out deeply, trying to calm down. 
He stood up and started to pace. “Sarah, how could you keep this from me? God, I’m so mad at you right now.” He stopped speaking, his face twisted with anger. He balled his hands into fists as though he wanted to strike something. I had a feeling that if he were at home, he would be pounding on the heavy bag. 
In the midst of pacing, he walked over toward the edge of the cliff and stood staring down at the waterfall. I didn’t say anything because honestly he was right. I should have at least told the police about the rock. If I knew someone was trying to hurt me, I would have. 
He stood staring off into space for a few moments, then suddenly turned around. His face was still tight, but he had calmed down some, and the lines around his eyes had smoothed. “Don’t keep anything like that from me again. I mean it, Sarah, I need to know.” The look on his face dared me to argue, but I wasn’t stupid; instead, I only nodded. “Did you tell the police about the rock?” Crap, why did he have to ask that? 
“Uh…no. But I didn’t know then that someone was trying to hurt me. If I had, I would have told them.” 
He turned away from me again, let out a breath, and turned back around to look at me. “Fine, is that it?”
“Yes,” I said quietly, gazing down at my hands that were folded in my lap.
He stood in front of me. The long wet grass curled up around the leather soles of his black boots. “So the picture of Tony didn’t look like anyone you knew or have seen, because we look similar to David and Katie.” With his voice less strained, he sat down against his tree again.
“You think Tony was reincarnated too?” I asked. It made sense; I just hadn’t thought of it myself. 
“Who else wouldn’t want us to be together? And how would anyone know about the butcher knife unless they were there, or dreaming about it like we are?” 
“But how are we supposed to find him? He does look slightly familiar, but I can’t place his face.” 
“Are you sure it’s not Zack? I’m telling you, he rubs me the wrong way. And you said he knew your name before you met him.”
“I really doubt it’s someone that I know.”
He closed his eyes, obviously fighting for control. “Sarah, you can’t know that. It could be anybody.” His voice was low, and it sounded like he was gritting his teeth.
“Okay, okay, it could be anybody, but you’ve seen Zack, he doesn’t look a thing like Tony.” 
He opened his eyes and nodded in agreement. 
I leaned back against the tree, watching the branches blow in the wind. A plan suddenly formed in my mind. I was sick of having bodyguards everywhere I went. I wanted this over. I wanted to be with Lucas, but I was still upset with him about how he handled things. If he’d been honest with me, and let us figure this out together, I wouldn’t have lied to him. We could have found out what the dreams meant long ago. 
I sat up and stared at Lucas. I wanted to tell him my idea, but I was afraid of his reaction. “What if we trap him?”
“What do you mean?” 
“One night after work, I’ll go out and wait for my ride, which seems to be running late. You, my dad, and even the police will be waiting for him to take the bait. When he does, they grab him, and we’re done with all of this crap. We can get on with our lives.” 
His jaw locked. “I don’t think so. Are you trying to get yourself killed?”
“No, I’ll be surrounded, he won’t get to me.” 
“No.” 
I groaned. “There you go again, running the show. It always has to be your way, doesn’t it? If you had been totally honest about your dreams we wouldn’t have suffered for the last month like we have.”
His face clouded with anguish. “Sarah, I told you that I had to.” 
“No, you didn’t. The day you ended it, I wanted to figure it out together, and of course, I have no say in my own life. You wouldn’t listen to me. But what are we doing now?” 
He opened his mouth to argue, and then quickly shut it. He glanced around at the trees, absently playing with the keys on his laptop. “You’re right, I’m sorry.” 
I didn’t want his apology; I wanted the last month back. I was suddenly so angry with him, I needed some space to calm down. I stood up, and so did he. “No, don’t follow me.” I held my hand up to stop him. “I just need some space from you right now. I don’t want to make it worse for you, so I’ll be back when I calm down.” 
I reached down and picked up my laptop, before walking over to a set of pine trees away from the waterfall, not far from where Lucas stood a few minutes ago. He could still see me, but I was far enough away to give me the space I wanted. The smell of pine was strong, but since it was so cold, I wasn’t surprised that it was all I could smell; everything else was frozen. 
I sat down against a tree, shifting slightly when a pine needle stuck into my butt, and opened my laptop. There had been something on my mind, but I didn’t want to say it out loud. I pulled off my mittens and typed in the words “Soul mates” and waited to see what came up. There were thousands of articles on the subject, of course, most speculation, and a few that were interesting. One was the thought that humans originally consisted of two beings with shared bodies and souls, similar to conjoined twins. Zeus feared their strength and separated them, condemning these beings with a life of longing, seeking their severed half. That was cool but weird. 
There was another one that sounded similar to what we believed; it said that God created souls equally male and female. Later speculations claimed that they lived a life on earth that angered Karma, so to teach them a lesson, they were ripped apart, and over many lives they sought out one another until their Karmic debt was cleared. Then they would become one again. 
These were really interesting, and I was about to read some more when I remembered there was a point to my research. 
The next words I typed in were “how to stop a soul from reincarnating.” One article appeared; it said that cremation could stop a soul from coming back. There was also an ancient natives’ ritual that involved using a personal item from the person who last carried the soul. Once you had the item, you were to light it on fire while reading a special chant as it, and the body, burned. Of course, there was no way of knowing if it worked until the next life. 
My thoughts kept going back to Tony. If we somehow got rid of him, or whoever he turned out to be in this life, he would just keep coming back to destroy our lives. I didn’t know what I would do with this information, but it was good to have. 
I shut my laptop and walked back over to Lucas. 
He stood up. “I’m sorry. You were right; I should have listened to you.” I didn’t have anything to say to that. I knew I was right, and I was tired of dwelling on it. If I did, I would just get angry again. I stood facing him, uncertain of what to say, and an awkward silence fell between us. Before I could think of something to ease the tension, his eyes held mine, and he seemed to make a decision. 
He stepped toward me, cupped my face with his hands, and leaned in to touch his lips to mine. I gasped and wrapped my arms tightly around him, dropping my laptop onto the ground and yanking him against me. Desperate for his touch, I never wanted to let him go. It was wonderful, the feeling of our lips fused together. It felt like home. I wanted to lose myself in him. I wanted, no needed, this kiss, this glorious kiss, to last a lifetime. But instead, I pulled away. 
Pain and confusion swept across his face. “Why? I thought you wanted this,” he asked, panting.
“I do, more than you can imagine.” 
“Then what’s the problem?” 
“I can’t pretend I’m not angry with you for what you did. If you had just listened to me, we wouldn’t have gone through the worst month of our lives. You broke my heart, Lucas, literally. I felt, and still feel, empty inside. It was agony. It will take me awhile to forgive you for that. And I can’t be with you until I do.” My heart ached just thinking about it.
He looked away from me to hide his face. “I will never forgive myself for hurting you. You should call Derrick, it’s getting late.” 
“I’m sorry, I hate this.” My eyes stung and my throat burned. I turned away before the tears started. I felt so bad for hurting him, but I needed to forgive before I gave myself to him again. I took a moment and a couple of deep breaths before calling Derrick, telling him that I was ready to be picked up.
After I hung up, I picked up my laptop, placing it into my bag, and then put my mittens back on; my hands were red from the cold. 
Lucas walked towards me. His face was blank. “I’ll walk you back.” 
We made it a few feet down the path, when something cold and wet touched my nose. I looked up and noticed big flakes floating in the air. It was starting to snow, and it was coming down pretty hard. 
“Call the detectives, tell them your plan, and then we’ll meet again. You can tell me what the detective said. How about Wednesday?” He was looking up into the sky, watching the snow fall.
“Or I could call you and tell you what they said. I doubt whoever is doing this has our phones tapped. But if we do meet again I’d rather it be indoors. It’s freezing, and I’m not sitting in the snow.” 
“Okay, just let me know what you want to do.” 
At the end of the path, Derrick’s car was just pulling in. 
I said goodbye to Lucas and climbed into the SUV. I watched him walk away; his hair was turning white as the snow started to pile on the top of his head.
“I hate snow,” Emma whined from the front seat.
“Are you kidding, I love it. Once the snow gets deep, I’ll take you for a ride on my snowmobile,” Derrick said, getting excited over a few snowflakes. 
I hated to burst his bubble, but I could tell it wouldn’t last. The snow was melting as it hit the ground.

After Derrick dropped me off at home, I called Detective Franklin and told him my plan. He didn’t like it, but agreed to try. He also said my dad and Lucas would not be involved. He would have policemen waiting to ambush whoever came to attack me. The detectives wanted to wait until they could put a plan in motion, and get back-up. He would let me know when they were ready. 
After I hung up, I called Lucas to tell him what Detective Franklin said. He didn’t respond, obviously not happy with the plan, but since it was my decision to make, he didn’t have much say in the matter. The silence stretched out on the phone, and when I could no longer take it, I said, “By the way, I’m sorry for taking the picture of us. But it really did turn out great.”
There was a brief pause before he spoke. “I’m glad you did. I meant to give you a copy, but after the two threats on your life, it slipped my mind.” His voice was strained, and I knew it was because I was going to go ahead with my plan without his consent.
I didn’t think there was anything left to say. “Well, I’ll let you know when I hear back from Detective Franklin. I’ll see you at school.” I hung up feeling uncomfortable and guilty.
 





Chapter Thirty-One
Ancestor

“Dinner!” I heard my mom yell from the kitchen. The delicious smell drifting up from the kitchen made me hungry. Descending the stairs slowly, I tried to shake the guilty feeling I had while I spoke to Lucas.
The table was empty, my mother puttered in the kitchen, and from the beeps, music, and curses from the couch, I knew without looking where my dad and brother were. Taking my seat, I asked, “What’s for dinner, Mom?” I reached for my water glass and took a sip.
She walked to the table carrying a basket of bread. “Homemade chicken and vegetable soup.” That wasn’t surprising, since my mom had roasted a chicken for dinner last night. Usually about one to two nights later, we’d have homemade chicken and something soup. It always had different ingredients except for one, the chicken carcass. It sounded disgusting, but all the soup creations she came up with always turned out good. Tonight was no different. I lifted my spoon to taste it and was not disappointed; it was delicious. 
My dad and Alex finally shut the video game off and joined us at the table. 
“You forgot to turn off the TV, Jim,” my mom said disapprovingly. She didn’t allow us to have the TV on while we ate dinner, a fact that my dad hated. He was constantly trying to sneak away having “forgotten” to turn it off. 
“Maggie, I want to hear the news,” he whined.
“Fine, I’ll let you ruin our dinner so you can listen to the news.” 
My dad cringed at the guilt she had just laid out, making no move to turn it off. We sat in silence while we ate, listening to the drone of the TV in the background. I was afraid to look up. I knew it must be driving my mom crazy. 
I took a few more bites and bravely lifted my eyes to see their expressions. My dad was shoveling the soup into his mouth with record speed, never looking up from his bowl. My mom was giving him her cold stare. “Too bad we can’t enjoy some peace during our dinner. God knows we don’t get enough of it,” my mom mumbled, staring at my dad. When he didn’t look up at her, she gave up and started eating.
“The woman was murdered in her own backyard, in a small subdivision just outside of Langton,” the reporter from the news announced.
We all glanced over at the TV. The kind of crime that was normally reported on our local news was car thefts and fires. The only time we heard about people being killed was from other cities. So to hear about some poor woman’s death in a city only an hour away was definitely news. “Cool!” Alex mumbled with his mouth stuffed full of bread. 
“Alex Samson, there is nothing cool about some poor woman being killed!” my mom scolded him.
“I know. It’s just that nothing like that ever happens around here.” 
“That’s a good thing. It’s horrible. She was murdered right in her own backyard. It reminds me of my Great-Aunt Kathleen. Remember I told you about her, Jim?” she said, pointing at him with her spoon. He nodded as he slurped his soup.
“Uhh hmpf cu!” That was me gasping and sucking soup into my windpipe. I started coughing and wheezing, trying to breathe. “Uh…did you just say your Great-Aunt Kathleen was murdered?” I wiped the tears that fell after I choked and took another sip of water.
“Yes, my poor grandmother was devastated; she and her sister were so close. She used to call her Katie.”
“What did she look like?” I asked, not believing it could be the same Katie.
“I don’t really know, there weren’t a lot of pictures back then. But my grandmother told me that you looked like her.” Her grandmother died when I was ten, and she was in her late eighties, so I wasn’t sure how reliable her words were, but the name was the same.
I was speechless.
“Kathleen and her fiancé were outside in their backyard when a teenager they went to school with went at them with a butcher knife. Awful, isn’t it?” She took another bite of soup and looked up at me. “My goodness, Sarah, are you okay? You’re as white as a sheet.” 
I tried to compose myself. “Yes, Mom, I’m fine, it’s just that I can’t believe that happened in our family.” 
She nodded her head. “I know, you never think it will happen to someone you know. My grandmother never really got over it.” She continued speaking, but I had tuned her out. 
I couldn’t believe it was her. 
My mind was full of fog. She was still talking, but her words blurred into one another. “What was her last name, Mom?” I interrupted her, my voice raising a few octaves. 
She stopped speaking and glanced at me with a confused look on her face. “Simms. That was my grandmother’s maiden name.”
I shoved back in my chair suddenly. The loud scrape startled my parents. “I just remembered I left a sweater at Lucas’. I’m going to run over and get it, I won’t be long.”
“It’s just a sweater. Have him bring it to school tomorrow. You’re not supposed to travel alone, remember?” my dad said with a firm tone. He had no intention of letting me go. 
“Dad, I won’t be long. I’ll call you when I get there and when I leave. Please.” I pleaded with my eyes, the way I used to when I was a kid; he always said he couldn’t resist me.
Obviously, I had outgrown my persuasion, because his expression did not change. “You’re not going, and that’s the end of it.” 
“Fine, can you drive me then, I need to see him.”
His face softened. “Fine, let’s go.”
I beat him to the door. “I’ll meet you in the car, hurry up.” I slammed the door. Before I reached his car, I realized that in my haste, I had forgotten my coat, and the snow had turned to rain. Thankfully, I was wearing a warm sweater. I climbed into my dad’s SUV and honked the horn. A few seconds later the front door opened, and he rushed over. He wasn’t wearing a jacket either. 
As we drove to Lucas’, the rain started to come down harder. It was dark, and with the fat raindrops crashing down on the windshield, my dad could barely see. He grumbled constantly about me making him go out in this weather. I ignored him, concentrating instead on what I needed to tell Lucas. 
Once in Lucas’ driveway I rushed out, leaving my dad to wait in the car, promising I wouldn’t be long. 
After a hard knock on the door, it swung open. “Sarah! You look like a drowned rat. Come in,” his father said, pulling me inside. I stumbled over the step, but he caught me. “Hi, Mr. Tate, is Lucas here?” I asked, my teeth chattering.
“Yes, he is. Lucas!” he turned to the kitchen and yelled. “He’s probably downstairs taking a round out on the heavy bag. That’s all he’s done since you two broke up.” It wasn’t long before I heard heavy footsteps coming from the kitchen. 
“Sarah! What are you doing here?” Lucas asked, walking toward me. His face was flushed and glistening with sweat. His father was right about his working out. 
Nick was escorting me to the living room where Karen was watching TV.
“Sarah you’re soaked. Where’s you’re coat?” Karen asked me.
“I forgot it. I’m sorry I’m dripping on your floor.” My shivering slowed slightly as I stood next to the fireplace. 
“Luke, take her to your room and get her some dry clothes,” she instructed. As I walked passed her, I could have sworn she was smiling.
In his room, Lucas dug through his dresser, pulling out a pair of his plaid cotton pants and a Hamilton High Basketball sweatshirt. “They won’t fit, but at least they’re dry. I’ll be right back; I’ll get a towel for your hair.” He walked out of the room with a confused glance my way. 
While he was gone I quickly changed into the dry clothes. I was just pulling the sweatshirt over my head when he opened the door. 
He stared at me as I slid the shirt down over my stomach. I blushed at his intense gaze. “Here,” he said, tossing me the towel. He cleared his throat. “After this afternoon, I’m surprised to see you. I thought you were mad at me.”
The kiss we shared earlier popped into my head. I quickly pushed the image away. “Katie Simms was my great-great-aunt.” 
His eyes widened. “What?” he whispered, after about half a minute of silence.
“Yep, you heard me. We were listening to the news during dinner, and they reported that someone was murdered in their backyard. It reminded my mom of her grandmother’s sister that was murdered in her backyard.” 
“Wow. Do you think I’m related to David since we look so much alike?” he asked, shoving his hands into the pocket of his jeans.
“Yep, that’s what I was thinking. And on the way over here, I thought it would come in handy if we could track down Tony’s relatives. If we could get a good look at them, maybe someone might look familiar. All this might finally be over.” I patted my head with the towel. When my hair was no longer dripping, I hung the towel on the hook on the back of his door.
“Let’s go ask my parents then,” Lucas said, grabbing my arm and pulling me out the door.
Back in the living room, we sat down on one of the couches, trying to look natural. Of course, I felt stupid in Lucas’ oversized clothes. His parents were watching a movie. They both looked up at us. “Is there something you want?” Karen asked.
“No, we just thought we would come out and watch the movie with you before Sarah has to leave,” Lucas said, trying to sound casual. I was sure they didn’t buy it, but they turned their heads back to the TV. I tried to focus on the movie, but it was hard. I just wanted to blurt out and ask if they had any relatives that were murdered. But if we did that, they would ask questions, and the answers were just too weird. Luck was with us because in the movie someone was stabbed in the shower. Original, I know, but it worked for us. I elbowed Lucas in the ribs, so he would ask the question. I couldn’t stay here much longer with my dad outside.
He groaned. “Sarah was just telling me what she saw on the news today. A lady was stabbed in her backyard in Langton.”
His mom glanced at us. “Really, that is awful, when did that happen?”
“They found her today,” I said, hoping it would remind them, like it did with my mom, but they turned back to the TV.
“My mom said it reminded her of a murder in my family a long time ago. Was anyone in your family ever killed?” 
They seemed to think the question was strange; they just looked at me and shook their heads. Probably wondering why we were being so morbid, with all this talk of murder. We gave it a few more minutes before we slowly stood up. 
We were about to turn the corner into the hall leading to Lucas’ room when we heard his dad say, “Well, there was one murder in my family. I had forgotten about it, it was so long ago. My grandmother’s brother was killed in his girlfriend’s backyard, by someone he knew. That’s weird, I hadn’t thought of that since I was a kid, when my dad told me.” 
We went back to stand beside them, Lucas leaning against the couch. 
“You never told me this,” his mom said.
“I just remembered,” his dad said as he pushed pause on the DVD remote. 
“What was his name?” Lucas asked. 
His father was quiet for a few minutes, thinking. “David Wilson, that’s it,” he said, pointing to Lucas and shaking his head. “I can’t believe I remembered that.” 
Lucas grabbed my hand; his felt a little shaky. His mother glanced at our hands and smiled. I didn’t want her to get the wrong idea, so I pulled mine back and walked to his room, with him following behind me.
“Wow. I can’t believe we’re related to them,” he said, reeling, once we were safe behind closed doors.
“Well, it does make sense; why else would we look alike? We need to get together again so we can research Tony’s family on the Internet. Can I come over tomorrow? My house isn’t good; you may not be welcome there.” 
Pain flashed briefly across his face but was gone the next second. “Yeah that’s fine. Just tell your mom you’re going home with Emma. I’ll take you home later.” 
I stood awkwardly in front of him, unsure of what else to say. “Well, I should go, my dad’s waiting. I’ll see you at school.” I picked up my wet clothes. “I’ll bring these back to you tomorrow.” I tugged at his sweatshirt and then gave him an awkward wave as I left his room. He seemed disappointed that I was leaving. This was going to be hard. 
My dad was sleeping when I approached his car, until I opened the door. His eyes popped open, and he glared at me. 
“I’m sorry, I couldn’t find the sweater,” I lied. He just shook his head and pulled out of the driveway. As we turned back onto the road, I could have sworn I saw someone staring out at me from the bushes. But as I turned back, they were gone. I must have imagined it. If we didn’t figure out what was happening soon, I would slowly go crazy. 

I woke up the next morning feeling comfortable and cozy wrapped in Lucas’ sweatshirt. I decided to keep the clothes so I could wear them when I missed him. He might want them back, but I really didn’t care. After I had my shower and got dressed for school, I went down to eat breakfast.
“Hurry up, Sarah. If you want to keep driving with me, you can’t dawdle like you used to,” my mom said. She was rushing around, picking up papers and stuffing snacks into her purse. 
“Do I have a choice?” I asked her, after a swallow of orange juice. 
“No. Let’s go,” she yelled walking out of the house. I shoved the rest of my bagel in my mouth and put my dish away. 
I took the raincoat I borrowed from Lucas along with my own off the hook, and ran out the door. It had stopped raining, but it was still overcast and windy. The air was crisp, which usually meant more rain was coming. “I hate going to school at this time in the morning. No one was meant to get up as early as I have been, since you started driving me,” I grumbled, scowling out the window at the miserable day. The weather seemed to match my mood. 
“You could have waited and driven with Alex and his friends,” she said, sounding annoyed.
“No thanks!”
“Then quit complaining.” 
We pulled up to the parking lot, where she parked on the teachers’ side. 
“I’m getting a ride with Derrick and Emma after school, so I’ll see you at home later. I probably won’t be home for supper.”
She was rushing into the side door, and waved. That was easy.
I arrived at my locker and jammed the coats and bag inside. Then I slid down onto the floor and cracked open a book. First bell wasn’t for another twenty minutes.
“Hey. Come on, I’ll walk you to class,” Derrick said, heading toward me just before the first bell was about to go off. I traded my novel for my English books then shoved my locker door shut with a clang. 
 





Chapter Thirty-Two
Renford

After school, I met Lucas at his car. When he walked up, I was hiding behind it, hoping my mother wouldn’t see us. As he opened the driver’s side door, he glanced at me, shaking his head. I looked all around to make sure my mother wasn’t around before I snuck inside. 
The ride to his house was quiet; the awkwardness between us was palpable. 
“Are your parents at the restaurant?” I asked as we pulled into his driveway.
“Yes, my mom works until six, my dad until closing. I can take you home before she gets here if you don’t want to see her.”
“I think that would be best.” 
He didn’t say anything, just nodded and got out of the car. 
I followed, handing him the jacket I had borrowed.
“Where are my clothes?” he asked as he unlocked the front door, holding it open for me.
“Oh, I’m keeping them,” I said, walking toward his bedroom.
“Okaay,” I heard him say quietly behind me.
I was sitting on his bed when he walked through the door. He glanced at me, winced, and then sat down at his desk. 
“So, what’s up with Andy and Kyle? I haven’t seen much of them lately,” I asked to hopefully end the weirdness between us.
“Andy is planning a rematch in paintball. They’re both not happy that Emma beat them. They’re sure she cheated somehow.” He cracked the first smile of the day. 
I laughed. “They’re so funny; I miss hanging out with them.” As soon as the words came out, I regretted them. His face hardened and he looked away. 
“I hear you’ve been hitting the heavy bag pretty hard.” 
“There’s nothing else to do,” he mumbled, glancing at the computer as he typed the words “Tony Garrison - murder.” The article from the other day came up, and he read it quietly. “His parents are Helen and William Garrison. His brother’s name was Donald.” 
I stood up and read the article from over his shoulder. “We’d have to look into Donald Garrison’s family, since he’s the only sibling.” 
I leaned over him; he smelled faintly of soap and aftershave. The smell was familiar and tempting, but I needed to focus. I typed in “Family of Donald Garrison - Renford, New Hampshire.” A family tree came up, and after clicking on the print button I pulled away. Our close proximity was causing a stir inside me that I wasn’t ready to explore. And by the look on his face, I could tell I wasn’t the only one that our closeness was affecting. I cleared my throat and held the family tree up so both of us could look it at. 
Don Garrison had four children. Out of those four were eleven grandchildren. From those eleven, there were fourteen families with twenty-seven children. Unfortunately, we had no idea of the ages of these kids. We were guessing the guy we were looking for was seventeen to twenty. Tony was nineteen when he killed David and Katie, but we didn’t want to miss anyone. We sat in silence, contemplating our next step. 
After a few minutes, an idea came to me. “What if we find the phone numbers, and say that we’re doing a survey of the ages of children in the area, and ask what school’s they go to.” 
His eyes lit up. “That sounds good.” He went back to the computer, pulled up the phone directory, and wrote down the numbers. The problem was, we could only find thirteen out of the fourteen families. “Crap, how are we going to find the last one?” I asked frustrated. It wasn’t going to be as easy as I had hoped. 
“Let’s just go through all of these, and then we’ll worry about that one.”
We split up the numbers; he went into the kitchen to make his calls while I stayed in his room. 
Half an hour later, we met back in front of his computer to discuss what we had found. “There are six kids in that age group from my list. How about you?” He sat back on his chair in front of the computer.
“Four. I have only two schools to look into, and they are both in Renford. Where are yours?” I asked.
“Three go to a school in Renford, two in a nearby town. And the last one goes to NYU. But we can probably look that up on the Internet.” 
“So I guess we’re going to New Hampshire,” I said grimly. Pulling my teeth out one by one with a set of pliers held more of an appeal than seven hours of uncomfortable silence with my maybe ex-boyfriend. 
“Looks like it. Can you get Saturday off?” he asked. 
“Yes, but that’s about seven hours in driving alone, not to mention looking around. We’ll have to stay the night,” I complained. He didn’t seem to like the idea any more than I did, but we really didn’t have a choice. 
Was it only two months ago that we were excited for an overnight trip together? How I longed to go back to that time, when all I worried about was my dad finding out that we slept in the same bed.
“We can just tell our parents we’re at our friends’. I’ve got enough money for gas and a hotel. We’ll be fine,” he said, tossing the notepad he was holding on the desk.
“I’ll pay for half.” 
He sighed in frustration, as though he was expecting my words. “I’ll pick you up at Emma’s at nine o’clock Saturday morning. You should probably stay at her place Friday night.”
“Sounds good, but I should be getting home. It’s almost six.” I stood up and picked up my bag.
The drive home was quiet again. The silence was brutal. Thankfully, it didn’t last long before we hit my street. He parked at the end of the block and watched me from his car. I still didn’t want my parents to know what was going on.

The rest of the week went by without any problems. I had a few dreams of Lucas and Tony. When I dreamed of Tony, I always woke up shaking. It was as if he was taunting me, knowing we were searching for him. 
Friday rolled around, and I was nervous that my parents would find out what I was up to. Emma agreed to lie for me. 
“Are you sure we can’t come?” she asked for what felt like the hundredth time.
We were sitting on her bedroom floor leaning against her bed, watching my favorite movie. “No, you can’t come. You work, and it’s going to be boring anyway. All we’re doing is driving up, looking around, and then we’re coming home. Besides, I need you as a cover.” 
She pouted into her bag of popcorn. 
I shook my head and turned my attention back to the TV. The two main characters were standing on the dock in the rain expressing their love for each other. This was my favorite part, but it always made me cry.
“So what’s going on with you and Lucas anyway? Are you going to get back together?”
“Not yet. I think he wants to, but I’m annoyed at him for putting us through this.”
“What do you mean?” she asked before tilting up the popcorn bag and draining the contents into her mouth.
I smiled as I watched little bits of popcorn fall over her face and into her hair. “When he left me, he said it was to keep me safe. I begged him to change his mind. I wanted to figure this out together. But no, he made the decision without me, I had no say. So we both went through hell in the last month. And what are we doing? Working together to find out who it is, just like I wanted. He wouldn’t tell me what was going on, I could have helped, but no. So now I’m mad, and I can’t be with him until I get over it. It’s so awkward around him, he barely speaks, and when I ask him a question, he gives me a short answer, and he’s quiet again.” I sighed. “It’s going to be a long weekend.”
She grimaced. “On second thought I’m glad I can’t go, sounds fun.” She picked up the small pieces of popcorn that had fallen out of her hair onto the floor, and put them into the now empty bag.

The next morning I waved goodbye to Emma as I climbed into Luke’s car. I shoved my backpack with my extra clothes into the back seat, beside his. 
Without thinking, like this past month hadn’t happened, I leaned in and gave Lucas a quick kiss on the lips, the way I used to when I said hello. Just as our lips touched, I realized my mistake and drew away slowly.
His eyes held humor and surprise. 
“I’m sorry, I forgot. Habit.” I was expecting him to look sullen the way he had all week, but instead he was smiling. “No problem, anytime.” He looked happier than I had seen him in awhile.
“What’s with you? Why are you in such a good mood?” I eyed him suspiciously. His hazel eyes were shining, and there was a confidence about him that annoyed me. 
“I get to spend a whole weekend alone with you. It doesn’t matter that we’re not together. I’ve missed you Sarah, I hardly ever see you anymore. I know you’re still mad at me, and if I could take it back, I would. But I don’t care about all of that. For these two days, I have you. Why wouldn’t I be happy?”
A warm glow filled my insides. It was such a sweet thing to say, I was speechless. Once I could form words I said, “Okay, let’s go.” As he pulled away from Emma’s driveway, I took my cell out of my pocket and placed it on the dashboard. “I programmed Renford into the GPS on my phone, so we won't get lost.  “Good thinking," he said with a nod and a slight grin.

Of course, his charming words only lasted about an hour before he blurted out, “So are you ever going to forgive me?”
“What?” I gasped. What happened to just being happy to be with me? “I don’t want to talk about it,” I mumbled, leaning over the seat to take out a new novel I had bought for our trip. I had finished the mystery I was reading, and since I still wasn’t into anything with romance in it, I chose a horror by Conrad Green. The last book I read of his kept me up until seven in the morning, so this time, I was only planning to read it in daylight.
I cracked the spine and turned the page, but before I could even read a sentence, Lucas knocked it out of my hand, tossing it into the far corner of the back seat, where I couldn’t reach it. “Oh no, you don’t,” he said looking back at the road. “You’ve been avoiding the subject all week.”
“Me? Every time I try to talk to you, you clam up. I’ve barely heard your voice.”
“Because I want to get back together, and you won’t talk about it. You just keep changing the subject,” he said, gripping the steering wheel.
I stared out at the cars passing us in the other lane. I counted four cars and two trucks before I answered him. “I don’t want to talk about getting together again. You broke my heart, and I don’t forgive you. You need to give me some time.” I was yelling now, but I was tired of explaining myself.
“I apologized for that over and over. I know we can’t get back the last month, but we can have now, we can be together. I miss you!” He was trying to keep his voice calm, but the volume rose on the last few words.
“Do you ever listen? I’m not ready, stop pushing me!” I hated being rushed into something before I was ready.
“But why not? Give me a reason.”
“Because it’s still too fresh in my mind. Wait until all of this is over.” I crossed my arms in front of me.
His eyes narrowed. “I can’t believe you. I’m still mad at you for keeping the fact from me that some guy was stalking you and threw a rock through your window. But am I dwelling on that? No!” 
I sighed and rolled my eyes. “It’s not the same thing.”
“You lied to me!” he yelled, punching the steering wheel. 
“Why are you bringing all this up anyway? At Emma’s, you said all this didn’t matter because you were just happy to be with me. Remember?”
His voice softened, and a slight smile appeared. “I was trying to sweet talk you.”
I realized what he meant. I raised my hands out in front of me. “Are you telling me you were going to use this trip to try and talk me into forgiving you?”
“Yes.”
After that, there was a lot more yelling, and a lot of arm gestures, that went on for about an hour. 
After the yelling ceased, we grew quiet. Lucas focused on the road ahead, and I stared out my window with my arms folded in front of me.
“Can we stop? I need to use the bathroom,” I said after what felt like hours. 
“Why don’t we stop and have lunch?” he suggested. I nodded, and we grew silent again.

We drove into a small town. We had passed so many I wasn’t sure of the name, but it had a burger joint, and that was all that mattered. We pulled in, went to the bathroom, and picked up lunch to eat in the car.
“So I’ve been thinking about our fight. Maybe we needed to get all of that out of our system so we can move on.” I tucked my hair behind my ear and continued. “Please understand that I do love you, but I need time. It’s not just about forgiving you. How can we have a relationship while all this is going on? What if the guy attacks me again? Are you going to do what’s right, without discussing it with me?” I paused, waiting for an answer. All I got for a response was a shrug. “I just think we should wait until everything is settled before we even think about getting back together. Do you understand?” I kept my voice soft. I didn’t want a repeat of our blow out earlier. 
He considered what I said. “You're right. I won’t bug you anymore,” he said quietly.
I downed my burger and started on my fries. 
“So do you have any plans for the summer? One last hurrah before college?” he asked after he swallowed his burger and fries. 
“Actually, Emma and I were planning to ask my parents if we could use our cottage for a week or two.”
“Where is it?”
“A couple of hours away in a place called Crescent Lake. It’s so beautiful. It’s right on the beach with a big deck that faces the water. It’s really peaceful there. My parents only go for about two weeks a year since my dad works. They do go on most summer weekends, but I was hoping I could have it with some of my friends for a week.” I looked out the window. We were driving by an apple orchard, the fourth one we had passed.
“Do you think they’ll let you?”
“I hope so. They know I’m usually responsible. Present actions excluded.” 
“Sounds like fun,” he said quietly.
“What about you?” 
“Well, I hope to go with you. I also planned to work as much as I can, to save money for school. My parents are paying my tuition, but it won’t hurt to have some extra cash.”
“Very sensible.” 
We smiled at each other. It was nice to get along for a change. We drove for a few more miles until we came up to the “Welcome to Renford” sign. 

The town looked similar to ours, about the same size. There was a large rock formation just outside of the town. A creek ran down the center of a park right in front of city hall. To the left was the Renford Library. That was our next stop if we failed at the school. 
We turned down a street and came to what looked like the main business area. There was a theater, a few clothing stores, a hardware store, and some specialty shops. I noticed a couple of restaurants I might want to try for dinner. At the end of the main road, there was a sign that said “Motel” and an arrow. 
We followed it down the street, finding a small white motel, and parked in the lot. I waited in the car while Lucas checked in. The hotel was older looking, with the white paint cracking in some places along the stucco. He came out of the building smiling, tossing the key up in the air and then catching it.
The room was small but clean, smelling of fruity air freshener. There was only one bed—that was going to be interesting—and a dresser against one wall. A desk with a large mirror above it sat beside the dresser. 
Lucas laid our bags on the blue blanket and then sat down at the desk and opened the phone book. 
“What are you doing?” I asked, sitting on the edge of the bed.
“Looking for the address of Renford High School,” he mumbled, flipping through the book. His lips moved as he read. “Here it is, are you ready? We should get started before it gets too late.”






Chapter Thirty-Three
Shall We Dance?

We pulled up to the school about ten minutes later. There were a few cars parked in the lot. We weren’t sure if they would let us in, but we had to give it a try. 
Lucas opened the door, and we wordlessly walked in. Our footsteps were quiet, but in the empty hallway, the sound echoed all around. I cringed with each squeak from Lucas’ sneakers. There was a sign at the front door with a map of the school, showing the office, library, and different departments. The library was between the office and one of the science labs, so we headed in that direction.
The library door creaked as he opened it, making us turn around to make sure no one had heard. With the coast clear, we tiptoed into the empty room, splitting up into different directions to look around. 
On the back wall, near the librarian’s desk, I saw a sign that said “School Spirit.” I walked over and saw that it was lined with yearbooks dating from last year back to nineteen eighty-seven. All I needed was last year’s, so I picked it up and coughed quietly, hoping Lucas would know that I was trying to get his attention. 
When I heard his footsteps coming toward me, I took out my list of names. 
I flipped through the pages, looking for the kids from mine and Lucas’ list. I found the first person, and of course, he looked nothing like Tony. He had black hair, not dark blond. The rest of the names were the same. One was obviously a relative, just not close enough. I put the book back where I had found it, and we slipped out quietly. 
Standing on the step in front of the school, I breathed a sigh of relief. I was afraid someone would notice us. I didn’t know how we would explain looking through a yearbook for a school we didn’t attend. 
Our next stop was St. Mary’s High School. There were only two cars in the lot. Lucas opened the front door for me, and we stepped quietly toward the library. We slipped inside, thinking we would be able to sneak in and out again without being noticed.
Standing near a desk at the back of the library was a nun. She was wearing a black skirt and a white blouse. Her red hair was pulled back, and mostly hidden under the wimple she was wearing on her head. Around her neck was a long chain with a wooden cross hanging from it. She looked up when she heard us enter. Her smile was welcoming. She was a lot younger than she appeared to be before I saw her face. 
“Can I help you?” she asked, her voice soft and calming.
I considered lying, but I was afraid that if I lied to a nun, I’d go to hell. “Excuse me, we don’t mean to disturb you, but we’re looking for someone, and we were wondering if we could search through last year’s yearbook.” 
“Of course, but I am closing up soon.”
“Oh, that’s okay; we’ll only be a few minutes.” 
She gestured with her hand in the direction of the yearbooks, in the back row of the small library.
She gave us privacy while we searched. We found the names, and just like the last school, the faces were completely different. Lucas put the book back, and we headed back to the nun, who was now going over papers on the desk. 
“Thank you, Sister, we really appreciate your help,” I said, starting to walk toward the door. 
“Did you find what you were looking for?” I heard her ask.
I spun around again to face her. “No, but we have a few more schools to look through.” I didn’t want to say any more about it, and I could tell she sensed that. 
“Well, good luck,” she said with a smile, turning back to her work.

“Well, that was a waste of time. We’re never going to find him. Maybe he isn’t even a relative of Tony’s. We have no way of knowing,” I complained once we were back inside the car. I was frustrated, and now I was in a crabby mood. Hunched in my seat, I crossed my arms in front of me, staring out the window, pouting.
“It’s not a waste of time. Now we know it wasn’t any of them. We’ve narrowed the list down. It might not be a relative, but it makes sense that he is since we are.” Lucas leaned over to brush his hand softly against my cheek. The touch startled me, and I straightened in my seat. 
He pulled his hand back and muttered, “Sorry.”
After starting the car, he drove out of the parking lot. “I’m hungry, do you want to have dinner at a restaurant, or order in?” he asked, once we had driven a couple of moments in silence.
“Restaurant,” I mumbled, still sulking. The less time we spent alone in a small hotel room the better. He drove to the main street where most of the businesses were. It was dusk, the lights were coming on, and the streets seemed to be coming alive. 
He pulled into a restaurant that looked one scale up from a diner. The name on the front said Millie’s.
We climbed out of the car, and the first thing I noticed was the music. It sounded like a live band was playing inside. 
Once Lucas opened the door for me, the air exploded with sound. At the back of the restaurant, there was a dance floor with a few people moving awkwardly to the beat. Up front, there were rows of booths, and in between them were tables scattered here and there. 
On the walls were fish nets, rods, and stuffed fish. But the oddest thing was a picture of a man and woman. The man was standing behind her holding a fishing rod, which was hooked to her collar as she was running away. 
A waitress approached us. She had curly auburn hair, pulled loosely in a ponytail, and she was wearing a red-checkered dress uniform with a name tag on it that said Pearl. “A table for two?” she asked, smacking her gum. 
Lucas nodded, and we followed her to a booth near the window. She walked away silently after we were seated. 
“Well, this is colorful,” I said with a smile.
We watched the dancers for a while until the waitress came back with our menus. 
I looked at mine and noticed that all the meals seemed to have lobster in it. “What are you going to order?” I asked Lucas loudly. It was difficult to hear above the banjo and fiddle. 
He stared at the menu. “You know, it’s a hard decision. There are so many choices. How about lobster?” he answered, a small grin appearing on his face. 
“Hey, me too, what a coincidence.” We laughed. It felt good not to worry for five minutes. 
Pearl came to take our order. She didn’t speak, just glanced in my direction. 
“Um…I’ll have the lobster bisque.” 
“And I’ll have the lobster pot pie, and we’ll have two colas,” Lucas ordered. She nodded and walked away. “I wish she’d shut up, she’s giving me a headache with all her chatter,” he said with a chuckle. His obvious sarcasm brought another smile to my face; he was pulling me out of my cranky mood against my will. Maybe I wanted to be angry, wasn’t I entitled? Who wouldn’t be with a crazy stalker after them?
We turned around to watch the band. It was country music, which I never listen to, but they sounded pretty good. “You want to dance?” he asked. I didn’t know if it was a good idea, but I had been pushing him away all day, and one dance couldn’t hurt. Even though it was a slow song, I agreed. 
We had never danced before, so when he put his arms around me, I was a little uncomfortable. After a few minutes, I began to relax. We hadn’t been this close in over a month; it made me question why I kept pushing him away. I melted against his warm, hard body, swaying to the music. Soon nothing existed but us. I laid my head on his shoulder as my body molded into his. We moved slowly, no longer dancing to the rhythm.
The music stopped, waking me from the spell I was under. I glanced up into his eyes; they were smoldering. He slowly bent his head, and when I realized what he was about to do, I panicked. “I wonder if the food is ready yet.” I backed out of his arms, turned, and rushed to our table. When I sat down, I noticed he was walking toward me with a grin on his face. 
Our food was delivered as he sat down across from me. It looked interesting, and after I tasted it, I was surprised at how good it was. 
We finished our meal, and Lucas was considering dessert when a tall man with black hair came over. He was wearing jeans and a blue plaid shirt. A woman with big blonde hair was trailing behind him. “Come on, miss. In this place, no one sits out,” he said, motioning his hand to the dance floor. 
The restaurant had gotten crowded as we were eating. The dance floor was packed, all the tables were empty, and the patrons were line dancing. “Oh, no, thank you, sir. I don’t know how to do that.” I gestured with my hand to the dance floor. 
“That’s okay; it’s easy, we’ll show you.” He took my hand, pulling me against him, while the woman yanked Lucas out of our booth. Together, they dragged us to the dance floor. 
We stood beside them while they demonstrated the steps slowly. I followed their lead and soon realized it wasn’t all that hard. Even Lucas got it, and before we knew it, we were line dancing with a bunch of strangers for the rest of the evening.
A few hours later, we said goodbye to our new friends, and after Lucas paid the bill, we went back to our hotel. 

My bag was beeping when we opened the door to our room. I had forgotten my phone, and when I took it out, I saw that there were six messages. Two were from my mom and four were from Emma. I dialed her number. 
Lucas fell onto the bed, turning on the TV. He lowered the volume so he wouldn’t disturb my conversation.
“Hello.”
“Hey, Emma, you called?” I sat down on the edge of the bed.
“Oh, thank God. I’m running out of excuses. Your mom called a bunch of times to talk to you because you didn’t answer your cell. I made up crazy reasons to why you weren’t around. The latest one was that you’re sick. So when you call, act like it. Call her now, bye.” And she hung up. 
I dialed my mom. 
“Hello?”
“Hey, Mom,” I said, slightly above a whisper.
“Are you okay?”
“Yeah, I’m fine, I’m just going to bed now.”
“With who, Lucas?” 
My head jerked up, spinning around to stare at Luke. He raised one eyebrow, wondering what was wrong. “Why would you say that?”
“I know that you lied to us and went away with him.” 
“What do you mean, I went away with Lucas?” I asked, still playing dumb.
Lucas sat up on the bed. I thought I heard him mutter a curse. 
“Do you really think I believed all of Emma’s lame excuses about where you’ve been all day? I thought you might be with him, so I called his mother. She told me that he was at a friend’s house this weekend too. We compared notes, and she called Andy’s mom. Imagine her surprise to find out Lucas wasn’t there. Where are you?” She was angry. 
“Mom we’re just trying to figure out who is threatening me. We’re in Renford. We have reason to believe the guy might be from here. All I’m doing is looking at pictures. It’s not dangerous, and I’m with Lucas. We are not back together, so you don’t have to worry about that either. We’ll be home tomorrow afternoon. We have one more stop on the way. I promise I’m being responsible, and I’m sorry I lied to you.” 
There was silence on the other end while she considered my explanation. “Well, I don’t want you driving tonight, but you’re grounded for the week. You got that?”
“Yes.” I was so relieved, I wanted to cheer, but I thought that might be pushing my luck. 
“Okay, be careful.” 
I hung up, feeling that I had dodged a bullet. “Our parents figured it out. Did your mother call you?” I turned around to face him. 
He took his phone out of his pocket and turned it on. “Yeah, I turned it off when we went into the school.” He dialed his mother. That conversation was very different. Lucas even smiled a couple of times. 
After he hung up, he put his phone down on the dresser. Leaning back on the pillows, he turned his attention back to the TV. 
“Are you going to tell me what she said?” I asked, after several seconds of waiting for him to explain. 
“Nope,” he said with a grin.
“What do you mean no? Was she mad?”
“No.” 
Now he was starting to annoy me. “What did she say?”
“Nothing. Just that I shouldn’t have lied. She would have understood. And she hoped this time would give us an opportunity to get back together,” he added when I didn’t look convinced. 
“Well, too bad. That’s not going to happen.” I stormed into the bathroom, slamming the door behind me. 
His whole smug attitude was ticking me off. How was that fair, I get grounded for a week, and his mother basically gives him a pat on the back for deceiving her? 
I changed into a T-shirt and pj pants, then went back out.
He was only wearing his boxer shorts, leaving his chest bare. He seemed bulkier than I remembered. He looked so sexy, I wanted to smack him. He was lying with his arms behind his head and the blankets pulled up to his waist, grinning at me. 
I shut off the lights and lay down on the other side of the bed, on the very edge. 
“You’re going to fall off,” he said with a chuckle. 
I ignored him, facing the opposite direction.
“That was fun tonight, don’t you think?” His voice was soft in the dark room.
“Uh huh.” 
“Who knew country music was so fun to dance to?”
“If you could call what you were doing dancing,” I grumbled.
“Hey! I really got the hang of it.” 
It was a lot of fun. “Did you see that old guy? He could have danced all night.”
He laughed. “He looked about eighty, and most of the people there couldn’t keep up with him.” 
I turned to lie on my back. “So, should we introduce line dancing to the kids at our next dance?” 
“I don’t think they’re ready for that,” he said with his voice full of laughter. We grew quiet for a while, lost in our own thoughts. 
“What are you afraid of, Lucas?” I asked him, breaking the silence. I was tired of living in fear. I wanted to know I wasn’t the only one that felt that way.
“You getting hurt,” he said softly. Now that I knew he felt the same way I wondered what else frightened him.
“No, I mean like spiders, lions, tigers, or bears.”
He laughed. “Nothing.”
“Everybody’s afraid of something.”
He paused briefly. “Nope.” His voice went up an octave.
“Come on, there is something, isn’t there? I can tell when you’re lying. Your voice gets higher. What is it?”
“Nothing.”
“Come on, tell me,” I whined shaking his shoulder. His skin felt hot under my hand. He mumbled a word, but I couldn’t hear him. 
“What did you say?”
“Cats, okay? I hate cats.” 
He was clearly annoyed that I had pressed him. I started to laugh, I couldn’t help it. When Emma’s cat Freckles was a kitten, he was so cute and tiny, white with orange spots. You just had to touch him for a second, and he would purr. I couldn’t imagine a big, strong guy like Lucas being afraid of him. 
I put my hand over my mouth to try to stop my laughter. 
“Laugh all you want, but they’re sneaky, and they stare. They could stare for hours at you with their yellow eyes. Come on, that’s creepy.” I laughed even harder at his explanation. He gazed up at the ceiling with his arms still crossed behind his head, waiting for me to stop. But once I started to laugh this hard, it took awhile before I could stop. A few minutes later, I had calmed down to a chuckle. 
“Are you finished?” he asked. I started laughing again. He gave me an exasperated look and continued to stare at the ceiling. My fit of laughter eventually subsided, and we grew silent again. 
“What are you afraid of?” he asked.
“Bugs, I hate them. I can’t stop thinking after I see one that they’re crawling all over me.” I got shivers just thinking about it. 
“You’re afraid of an ant?” he teased.
“Afraid it will crawl on me, yeah.” 
He smiled and lifted his hand, placing it on mine. “I’ve had so much fun with you tonight, Sarah. I know we came here to find him, but it gave us a chance to get away from it and relax. I’m really glad we had that chance.”
I smiled. “Me too.” Glancing at my watch, I realized it was after one. “It’s getting late, Lucas. I’m going to get some sleep.” I rolled over onto my side, facing away from him. 
“Good night, Sarah.” 
I lay quietly, waiting for sleep to come. When I remembered what he was afraid of, I smiled to myself. “Meow,” I said, teasing him. I couldn’t resist.
“Shut up,” he said dryly with a yawn, facing the other direction and not even moving. I started to laugh all over again. 






Chapter Thirty-Four
Gibson’s Hill

When I woke up the next morning, my breathing was labored. Something was pressing down on me. I was still in the same position, facing the dull gray wall of the hotel room, but when I looked down, I saw Lucas’ arm draped over my waist. He was spooning me, leaning on my side with all his weight. I elbowed him. 
He jumped up, sitting up in the bed. His eyes were glassy and confused. His hair, which was already getting a little long, stood up in places it really wasn’t supposed to. He looked adorable. 
“What?”
“You were leaning on me, and you are heavy.” I grinned at him. I couldn’t help it, he looked so funny when he woke up, all bewildered and sleepy.
“Oh, sorry.” He glanced around the room. 
“You must have been in a deep sleep, you seem very confused.” I laughed.
“I slept like a rock.” He rubbed his eyes and yawned, his smooth muscles flexed as he bent his elbows. I glanced at my watch before I started to drool. It was after nine. 
“We should get going. We still have one more stop to make,” I said, getting out of bed. I picked up my bag and went into the bathroom. 
I had a quick shower. After drying my hair, I dressed and got ready quickly. Stuffing my clothes back in my bag, I went out into the room. 
Lucas took his turn in the bathroom, and when he finished, he came out looking awake, with his hair brushed in his usual style, the bed head gone. “I’m going to go check out, I’ll meet you in the car,” he said, dropping his car keys into my hand. 
I handed him my share of the money for the room. He started to argue, but I gave him a look that silenced him. 
He didn’t take long, and when he came back out, we took off for our next destination. The weather was perfect for a road trip. Just like yesterday it was sunny and warm—well, as warm as it could be in December. 
We pulled into the town, or should I say street. That’s all it seemed to be. There were a few shops, a grocery store, a library, and an elementary school. The high school we were looking for was on the outskirts, between two small towns. It was closed, of course, since it was Sunday, so we tried the town library. 
We approached the door and saw that it was closed as well. Deflated, we turned around to head back to the car and noticed a woman near the back entrance. She was leaning into an open car trunk, lifting large boxes. Lucas ran over and took a couple from her, carrying them into the library. I followed him in and stood in the doorway. The smell of musty books floated out from the small building. 
“Where would you like these?” he asked, juggling two rather heavy-looking boxes.
“On the floor beside the desk,” the librarian answered, setting her own on a messy desk top. “Thank you,” she said after he placed the load where she instructed. 
Her black hair was pulled up in a tight bun. She was wearing a light blue blouse and a long navy blue pencil skirt. She looked just like I pictured a librarian would look, right down to the glasses falling down the bridge of her nose. 
“You’re welcome.” He turned to face her. “Um, I know you’re closed, but would you mind if we had a peek at a yearbook from one of the surrounding schools? If you have them.” 
She sighed and glanced down at her watch. “Yes, we do. And since I’ll be here anyway doing inventory, I don’t see a problem.” I smiled and pushed off the doorframe. “Just don’t be long,” she said sternly to both of us when she saw me approach. 
We agreed and set off on our way to search for the book. We found it in the back row, and once again we were disappointed. I tried not to get frustrated, even though I had been hopeful that we’d finally find him. I think Lucas knew that. He took my hand and gave it a squeeze. 
We returned the yearbook, thanked the librarian, and headed for home. 
The drive back was quiet. I read my novel without Lucas throwing it in the back seat. He listened to the radio. I smiled to myself as I was reading, because occasionally I would hear him singing along to the songs. I glanced up at him when he started banging his hand on the steering wheel in time to the music. 
“What? I like this song,” he said, turning his head in my direction. 
I just smiled. I was about to look back down at the page I was reading, when I saw a car coming at us in our lane. “Look out!” I screamed. 
Lucas whipped the steering wheel to the right, just in time to miss the car. We went onto the side of the road, but when Lucas tried to stop, the tires spun on the gravel. Unfortunately, we were on the top of a very steep hill. He stomped on the brakes to stop us from going down the grassy terrain, but it was too late. We were already going so fast I had to hold onto the armrest. “Push on the brakes!” I yelled. 
“I’m trying, they’re not working.” He glanced at me in horror.
“Watch out!” About ten feet in front of us was a tree. Lucas stomped on the brakes, turning the wheel at the same time. We started to spin in a complete circle, and then we suddenly stopped, facing the opposite way we had come down the hill. “Holy shit, are you okay, Sarah?” 
I took a few deep breaths before I slowly turned to him. “I’m fine, are you okay?” I asked breathlessly.
“Yes.” 
We looked out our windows to see where we were. His car had stopped at the bottom of a very steep hill. There was a large skid mark in the shape of a circle left by Lucas’ tires. 
“How are we going to get out of here?” I stared up the hill. There was no way anyone could spot us way down here.
Lucas took out his phone. “I’ll have to call a tow truck.” He started to dial. “Shit, there’s no signal.” 
I pulled my cell out of my bag and realized the same thing, no signal. “Mine either.”
He was silent for a moment, considering our options. “Let’s hike up to the road, and see if we get one up there.” 
We climbed out of the car and strode up the hill. At the top we stood in the gravel, each of us holding our phones in the air, walking around like idiots, the words “can you hear me now” on the tip of my tongue. But it was no use, they still didn’t work. We had been traveling on a gravel side road, so there wasn’t much traffic. As we stood there, only one car drove by, and of course, they didn’t stop.
“Well, we passed a town a couple miles back. Do you want to walk back there and see if they have a tow truck, or we could use a phone there?” Lucas asked. We didn’t have much of a choice, so we started the opposite way and headed back to the town. 
It was cold, but luckily the sun was out, so it warmed us a bit. We both put on hats and mittens to protect against the wind. The gravel under my shoes was bumpy and uncomfortable, but since there was nothing that could be done, I didn’t complain. What was the point? 
We had been quietly walking about a half an hour, and only a few cars passed, mostly going in the opposite direction. “I think that was the guy that’s stalking you.” Lucas spoke for the first time since we started our journey.
I had been in my own world, trying to distract myself from the cold and the long walk ahead of us by thinking about bare chests and empty hotel rooms. The sound of his voice startled me. “What are you talking about?” 
“The car that drove us off of the road. It was gray, the same color as the one that almost hit you.” 
I had thought it was just a careless driver passing another car, but now that he mentioned it, there wasn’t one in the other lane. I didn’t answer him. I was thinking about the driver, trying to remember if I had looked at him. I was sure I hadn’t. At the time, I was staring at Lucas, feeling content and happy. I should have known it wouldn’t last.
“You’re right, we need to stay apart until we find out who is doing this,” he said, confirming my earlier point. I knew if something else happened he’d change his mind. 
I remained silent, not interested in another conversation about my mysterious stalker, or our miserable love life.
“Aren’t you going to say anything?” he asked.
“I don’t feel like talking right now.”
“Don’t worry, Sarah, we’ll figure out who is doing this, it will be over soon.”
“I know. I’d just rather not talk about him. We were finally enjoying ourselves and having a worry-free weekend. I don’t want him to ruin it. If he does, then he wins.”
He paused briefly. “You’re right. We won’t bring him up again.” He gave me a playful shove. “So what have you been up to lately?”
I laughed darkly. “Not much, you?”
He smiled. “Apparently, we’re boring when we’re not together.” 
“Your dad and Logan said you’ve been working out a lot.”
“Yep,” he said, picking up a rock and throwing it into the bushes.
“Well, at least you’ve gotten out of bed. All I do is lie in my room and listen to music. I’ve been driving Emma crazy.” 
His eyes were pained, but his lips turned upward slightly. “Are we going to compare who’s more pathetic, because I’ll definitely win.”
I laughed. “Don’t be so sure. I broke into my ex-boyfriend’s house and stole his journal. Can you beat that?” I asked him, picking up a rock and trying to throw it as far as he did, but failing miserably. 
He stared at me; his eyes taking on another tortured look. He quickly recovered by saying, “I almost beat the crap out of Zack the night you came to the restaurant. The only thing that stopped me was you. He’s lucky I haven’t seen him since.”
We had been joking, only now his voice no longer held humor.
“You better be kidding. If I hear that you hurt him because you were jealous, I’ll kick the crap out of you,” I said, pointing at him. I was half teasing, trying to lighten the mood, but mostly I was serious. 
He stopped walking and stared into my eyes intently. “I’m not kidding, but don’t worry, I won’t touch him as long as you keep your distance.” When I started to protest, he raised a hand to silence me. “No, I’m not telling you, I’m asking. We’re getting along again. I can ask that, can’t I?”
I shook my head in defeat. “Whatever, but we already figured out it can’t be him. He doesn’t look like Ton—” He touched his finger to my lips. His face hovered inches from mine. Heat rose up between us, and I was no longer cold. I sucked in a breath, waiting for him to make a move. 
“No, we’re not allowed to discuss this.” He let go and started to walk again. My heart slowed to its regular beat. “Now let’s get back to how pathetic we are, because I forgot about the time I crashed my ex-girlfriend's recital, even though I knew she didn’t want me there.” He gazed at me with a raised brow and lopsided grin, his dark hair blowing in the wind. “See, I’m way more pathetic.”
I laughed, glancing around; we were hiking along a dirt road, with trees on either side, no sign of civilization anywhere. “Why did you come this way? We didn’t take this road on the way up.”
“It’s a shortcut. Your mom was so upset, I wanted to get you home earlier.”
“How did that work out for you?” I teased.
“Not that great,” he said, laughing.
“If it was you know who, how would he know where we were, and what way we came?”
“Who knows? He’s a psycho. I don’t even know if it was him. It just seemed like too big a coincidence.” We turned around at the sound of tires on gravel. 
A green SUV was driving towards us, and it was actually slowing down. It pulled up along the side of the road, and a woman with black hair leaned towards the passenger window. “Do you kids need help?”
A wave of relief washed over me. We wouldn’t be walking for the rest of the day like I had feared.
“Yes, our car went off the road about a mile back, and our cell phones won’t work. Do you know of any tow truck drivers around here?” Lucas asked, leaning into her open window, his hands buried in the pockets of his coat.
“I didn’t see a car back there.” Her eyes flicked to the road behind us.
“We went over that big hill, back there right before the bend in the road.”
“Are you guys all right?” Her face took on a concerned expression.
“Yes, we just missed the tree at the bottom. I just have no idea how to get my car back.” I watched him as he spoke. His ears and cheeks were red. I was certain they were frozen, just like mine.
“Well, come on, I’ll drive you to Jake’s, it’s freezing out there. He has a tow truck, and I’m sure he’ll be happy to pull your car out for you.” She leaned over the passenger seat and opened the door. I climbed in the back while Lucas got into the front seat. Thankfully, she turned the heaters to full blast, and I sat back, enjoying the feel of my skin tingling as it thawed. We drove for a while in silence. I was happy to be off my feet; the shoes I chose were not meant for walking long distances. 
I studied our rescuer; she was about my mom’s age with her black hair pulled back in a long braid. She looked to be wearing work clothes, and I thought I smelled the slightest hint of horse. My sharp intuition told me that she lived on a farm. We passed through the rural area and started seeing houses. “So where are you kids from?” she asked, turning her head away from the road briefly. 
“Brownridge, we went to Renford for the night to visit some friends,” I lied. 
Lucas turned his head and raised his eyebrows at me but didn’t say anything. I continued. “We were on our way home, when a car came at us in our lane. Lucas swerved out of his way, and that’s how we landed at the bottom of the hill.” 
“Careless drivers, you get them everywhere,” she said, shaking her head. I didn’t mention the fact that we thought that the careless driver might be a crazy stalker that was trying to kill us. 
“By the way, my name is Molly, you’re Lucas, and…?” She turned to me, waiting for my answer.
“Sarah. Thank you so much for your help, Molly. We have to be home soon, and I was worried we’d be out there all night, walking.”
“No problem.” She smiled. “Here we are, and we’re in luck, Jake’s home.” 
I glanced out my window and saw that we had pulled up to an old farmhouse. It was a large white house that desperately needed a paint job. It didn’t appear to be a working farm. I could see into the red barn, and it looked like he used it to fix cars. There was a hoist with a car sitting on top. A man, maybe in his late twenties, came strolling out. He was wearing jeans and a ratty T-shirt with grease stains smudged on the edges. His hair was hidden under an old ball cap with the words Jake’s Auto on it. He leaned into Molly’s window. I was guessing that this was Jake. His eyes were blue; his skin was rough and leathery. “What’s going on, Molly? Who do you have with you?” he asked as he leaned in the window.
“I found these two kids walking down Gibson’s Lane. Their car went over Gibson’s Hill, and they were hoping you might be able to give them a tow. I said I was sure you would, considering how sweet you are.” She threw in a wide grin with her compliment.
“Ah shucks, Mol, you’re such a charmer,” he said, smiling. He looked up at Lucas. “How did you manage to get your car down Gibson’s Hill?”
“Another car was driving in my lane. I swerved out of the way and lost control.”
Jake seemed to be considering if he should help us or not, then he finally said, “Sure, come on, you can ride with me. I’ll pull your car out, and you can be on your way.” He waved at Molly, and strolled over to his tow truck, which was light blue and covered in rust. 
“Thank you so much, Molly,” Lucas said as he climbed out of her car. I waved and smiled after I got out.
“You’re welcome and good luck. Watch out for those crazy drivers,” she yelled, honking her horn as she drove off. 
Lucas took my hand and squeezed it tightly. Somehow I knew he was trying to protect me from Jake. Although he seemed harmless, we didn’t know him.
“Climb in,” Jake said as he hopped into the driver’s side.
“Thank you so much for your help.” I climbed in beside him onto the worn leather seat. There were coffee cups and candy wrappers littering the floor, but thankfully the air smelled of pine instead of garbage. I sat in the middle with Jake and Lucas on either side of me, Lucas' hand still clasped tightly in mine. 
“No problem, I wasn’t very busy. Where are you two kids from anyway? I’ve never seen you around here before.” He tapped the steering wheel to the beat of the song that was playing on the radio.
Lucas explained where we were from, and told him the same lie I had told Molly. It didn’t take long to get to the hill. It was only a fifteen-minute drive that would have taken us an hour or two to walk. 
He backed up on the edge of the road, and then he and Lucas took the cable down to hook it to the car. Lucas stayed down there to make sure the hook stayed in place while Jake hopped into the truck to push the button that would pull the cable up. 
I watched as Lucas walked beside the car, and when it was finally up on the shoulder of the road, the two of them took the hook out. Lucas got in and started it. 
“Motor sounds fine, no damage to the body,” Jake said, walking slowly around the car, assessing for damage. “I’d say you two got away without a scratch.”
“What do I owe you?” Lucas asked, reaching in his back pocket for his wallet. 
Jake shook his head. “Nothing, just get your girl home safe.”
“Are you sure?” His hand still hovered above his wallet. 
“I’m sure, you seem like nice kids.”
Lucas shook his hand. “Thank you for everything.” 
Jake smiled and waved at me. He hopped into his truck, and as he drove away, gravel spun behind his tires. 
Lucas turned to me. “Well, are you ready to go? I don’t know about you, but I’m starving.” 

When he finally pulled up to my house an hour later, I turned to him. “Thank you, Lucas. Besides the attempted murder, I had a lot of fun.” 
“Me too. I’ll look online to see if I can find a yearbook for the guy at NYU.”
“I’ll look too. I’ll let you know if I find anything.” 
“Okay,” he said, smiling. He looked as happy as I felt. I leaned in and brushed my lips on his, lingering longer than I meant to, but once I touched his lips, it was hard to pull away. I was smiling when I drew back.
A look of shock mixed with pleasure crossed his face. “Habit?” he asked. 
“No,” I said, feeling frisky. I grabbed my bag from the back and opened the car door. I waved as he drove off. 
I was humming a country song that we danced to as I walked into my house. 
“It’s about time, Sarah. Don’t ever do that again, I was so worried. Why are you so late, and why are you smiling?” my mother asked, standing in front of me with an oven mitt in one hand and an annoyed expression on her face.
“I had fun, well, before we had car trouble, that’s why I’m so late, but we found a mechanic, and he helped us. I’m sorry I lied to you, Mom. It won’t happen again. I’m going up to my room.” I was lying to her, as I told her that I wouldn’t lie again, but I wanted to keep my happy mood. She would have to wait until later for all the gory details.
“Okay, but we’re not finished,” I heard her yell from downstairs. I was already in my room with my door shut. 
Even my mother’s anger couldn’t ruin my good mood. I didn’t think anything could. But was I wrong. 
I threw my bag on the couch, turned to sit on my bed…and screamed. 






Chapter Thirty-Five
Bodyguards

“Sarah, are you okay?” my parents yelled, rushing into my room. I pointed to the wall above my bed. There were large bold letters written in bright red marker that read “You belong to me,” the same words from the rock that was thrown through my window.
“How did this happen? Who did this?” my mother asked, an incredulous look on her face.
“I don’t know. I wasn’t here, remember?”
I was worried for my family, and I realized it was finally time to come clean, hold nothing back, now that whoever was doing this had nerve enough to come into my home.
I stalked to my closet, took out the rock, and handed it to my dad. “The night my window broke, I found this on my floor. It was thrown through it. I didn’t tell you because I didn’t want you to worry.”
My father’s face turned bright red with anger. Like a boiling hot kettle, I thought he might blow. “How could you keep this from us? Sarah, we need to know when you’re in danger,” my dad yelled, something he never did. He was the softy, while my mother was the designated voice of authority.
I turned my head away from him, feeling guilty for the constant lies and drama I’d been causing, even though it wasn’t entirely my fault. My parents were worried about me because they loved me, and I had lied to them continuously. I only hoped they’d be able to forgive me someday.
While my father ranted, something on my nightstand caught my eye. I picked up the framed picture of Lucas and me in front of the waterfall. Someone had scribbled over Lucas’ face with red marker; all you could see were a few strands of his coffee-colored hair. I handed it to my dad. 
His eyes turned hard. “I’m calling Detective Franklin,” he said after he took the picture from me.

A few hours later, I was sitting on the couch in my living room, with a dozen police officers wandering around my house. My family was gathered beside me, while Detectives Franklin and Markus sat across from us, asking questions. “So you say you were in Renford, with Lucas?” Franklin asked me.
“Yes, we thought the person doing this might live there. So we were looking through yearbooks to see if I recognized anyone.”
“Do you think you know him?”
I couldn’t tell him about our theory of reincarnation; he’d lock me in a padded cell. “You said it was likely I did, right?”
“Yes. Did you find anything?”
“No.”
“Where is the rock?” he asked, leaning forward in the dining room chair we had moved into the living room.
My dad reached over to the end table, where he had placed the rock in a clear plastic baggie, and handed it to him.
Franklin took it and looked at me with disapproval all over his face. “You know you should have told me about this before.” 
My eyes shifted down to my knees as I traced squiggly lines on my jeans with my fingertip in an attempt to avoid looking at him. He made me nervous. “I know, I’m sorry.”
He turned to my parents. “Did you see anyone around your house this weekend?”
“No,” my dad answered.
“Anyone come to the door? It doesn’t matter how small the detail, if you can think of anything, it could help,” Detective Markus asked. 
“Well, Sarah’s friend came over.” Alex spoke for the first time all night. All eyes turned to stare at him where he sat slouched in the corner of our plush couch with his oversize sneaker propped up on the coffee table.
“When?” my mom asked him.
“While you two were shopping this morning. He knocked on the door and asked for Sarah. I told him that she was away for the weekend.”
Detective Franklin started to take notes. “Is that all? Can you tell us anything that was said? Did he tell you his name?”
“No, he just said that he was her friend and that he stopped by to see her. When I told him she was away, he asked if he could use the bathroom before he left. I said yes, and he was gone maybe five to ten minutes. Oh…he did seem angry when I told him that she was with Lucas.” 
“That would explain why Lucas’ face was marked out of the picture,” Detective Franklin remarked, giving Markus a meaningful look. 
I glanced between the two men. “What?” I asked.
“Well, rubbing out Lucas’ face seems a bit aggressive. Lucas may be in danger. If he’s angry that you two were together, and he thinks you’re his, he may want to remove his competition,” Detective Markus told me from where he was sitting at the end of the couch.
It wasn’t just his theory that was disturbing; it was also that it was so familiar. The thought of history repeating itself made the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end.
“Alex, can you describe him?” Detective Markus asked.
“Sure. He was around Sarah’s age, maybe older. He had dark blond hair, a little darker than mine, blue eyes, cleft chin, about my height, five eleven.” That sounded like Tony.
“Well, Sarah, I don’t want you to go anywhere without a parent or friend. But not Lucas, he may also be in danger.”
I swallowed the lump that suddenly formed in my throat. “Okay,” I mumbled, no longer able to speak clearly.
“Get a friend that you trust. I don’t want you alone. I’ll have some men patrol here, and at Lucas’ house. We’ve planned to try and lure him out Saturday afternoon. I talked to your parents about it, and they know that you will be safe. I’ll pick you up at noon.”
“There’s one more thing.” I sighed. I should have told my parents this when I got home from Renford, but I didn’t want to ruin my good mood. “On our way home today, while Lucas was driving, a car drove in our lane heading toward us. Lucas swerved to avoid him, but lost control and went over a hill.” My mother started to panic, so I put my hand on her shoulder. “It’s okay, Lucas and I are both fine. We had someone pull the car out with a tow truck, and even his car was untouched. But Luke said that the other car was gray, the same color as the one that tried to hit me.” My mother gasped, and my father cursed, which was rare for him.
Detective Franklin shook his head and sighed. He started taking notes again. “Sarah, you should have called me when this happened.”
“My cell phone didn’t work; we had to walk to get a tow truck. I would have called when I got home, but I noticed my wall before I had a chance.”
“How did he know where you would be? It sounds like he was here this morning. Did you leave anything in your room that might tell him where you were?”
I thought about it, and remembered writing down information on a sticky note; it was stuck to the top of my computer. “Yes, I wrote down the name of the high school on a piece of paper. I left it on my desk.”
“That’s how he found you then,” he said, shaking his head. “Well, the plan remains the same. I want you to be very careful,” Detective Franklin said with a stern tone.
He asked me the exact location of where we were run off the road. He wanted to take a look to see if they could find any clues. I was glad Molly had said the name of the road and the name the locals called the hill; otherwise, I wouldn’t have been able to remember where it was.
The police stayed about an hour longer. My room was now a crime scene. I was able to get things out of it, but I couldn’t sleep there. I was okay with that; the idea of him being in my room, going through my belongings, was disturbing on so many levels.
I slept in the spare room with the door open. It was bare, with only a bed and a dresser, but I asked my dad to carry in my TV and DVD player, in case I needed a distraction. I climbed in bed and called Lucas.
“Hello?”
“Hi.”
“I wasn’t expecting to hear from you so soon.” The sound of his voice was like a warm blanket that enveloped my heightened emotions, soothing me from the inside out.
“Do you remember when you told me that I had to be honest from now on?”
“Yes,” he replied suspiciously.
I took a deep breath and began. “When I got home, I went up to my room and found the words ‘You belong to me’ written in red marker on the wall above my bed, the same as on the rock.” 
He was silent. I waited for him to say something. But all I heard was heavy breathing. 
“Lucas, are you all right?” 
“Did you call the police?”
“My dad did.” I played with the TV remote, needing to keep my hands occupied.
“What did they say?” His voice was strained.
“They’re going to try and get him with my plan on Saturday, but until then I can never be alone. But it can’t be you that’s with me because you could be in danger too. The person that did this rubbed out your face with the marker, on the picture of us in front of the waterfall. The police said that was a sign of aggression. They think you might be in danger.”
“I’m not worried about myself. You need to be more careful, okay? Listen to what they say.” 
“Did you tell your parents what happened today?” I asked as I pushed the power button on the remote, turning the TV on. A reality show popped up, and I quickly flicked it to a game show. I needed background noise; it was too quiet in the house. 
“Yes, they’re worried about you.”
I groaned inwardly. “Isn’t everyone? But you were there too.”
“Yeah, but I don’t think I’m the target.”
I wanted to tell him about Detective Markus’ theory, but for some reason, I couldn’t get the words to come out. So instead, I asked him about his family.
We talked a bit longer until my eyes started to droop. Finally I said good night.

The rest of the week went by fast,  likely due to the fact that even though it was my idea, I was terrified, and dreaded Saturday. What if something went wrong? 
My bodyguards were with me at all times. At school, it was Derrick, until Lucas enlisted Kyle and Andy for duty, as well. At home, I couldn’t even go to the store without one of my parents.
I got paid on Thursdays, but since I was under house arrest, I had to wait and pick it up on Friday afternoon. School was finished at noon today, so after my last class, Alex and I were waiting at the office for my mom. She was going to drop him off at a friend’s house and then take me to pick up my paycheck. 
“I’ll be glad when I can drive again,” I said to Alex, leaning my head back against my uncomfortable plastic chair. We were sitting against the wall of her office. 
“You think you have it bad, at least you have your license and a car. I can’t wait until July when I turn sixteen and I can drive myself.” He spread his lanky arms up behind his head, his sandy hair curling over his shirt, and crossed his feet against the white tiled floor. His long legs were stretched in front of him, taking up most of the aisle in front of us. 
I understood his impatience. I’d only been relying on people for about a month, and I was going crazy. 
My mom finally came out of her office, her arms loaded with files, and we took Alex to his friend’s. A few minutes later she pulled up in front of the multiplex, telling me that she would be back to pick me up in about ten minutes after she dropped off some dry cleaning. 
Fifteen minutes later, I sat on a bench along the front doors of the theater, waiting.
One of the clear glass doors opened, and in walked Zack. “Are you here to pick up your check?” he asked me, and I nodded. “Me too, see you later,” he said as he continued to the office. 
While I was waiting, my phone rang. “Hello,” I answered. 
“Oh Sarah, can you wait a little longer? I have to run back to the school, I forgot some important papers.” My mom’s voice sounded rushed.
I really didn’t want to. I’d been waiting long enough, but what was I supposed to say? This was what happened when you had to rely on others to get around. “Sure, Mom, no problem.” 
“Thank you, honey, I’ll be as fast as I can.”
When Zack came back with his check, he stopped in front of me. “Is your mom running late?” he asked. 
“Yes.”
“I can wait with you, if you want.” 
“No, that’s okay. You shouldn’t be here any more than you have to be. Why should both of us suffer?” 
He smiled and continued to the doors. Before he pushed them open, he turned to ask if I wanted a ride home. 
I jumped at the chance; I was tired of waiting. “Thank you, I’ll just text my mom and tell her.” 
After I sent the message, I walked out the doors with Zack. I let him walk along the edge of the sidewalk as a shield. I knew I wasn’t supposed to be alone, and I wasn’t, not really. Zack just didn’t know he was guarding me. 
“Thanks again, Zack,” I said as we walked together into the parking lot. 
“No problem,” he said, opening the passenger door of his car for me. I was about to step in when I heard a noise behind me, but before I could turn around to see what it was, I felt a sharp pain in the back of my head, and then…nothing. 
My world went black.






Chapter Thirty-Six
Taken

I was suddenly in a red and white room, sitting on a wooden chair with my hands and feet tied. Something tugged at my hair, and I looked behind me to see Stephanie Brown lift up her scissors, about to cut a big chunk.
“Don’t do it, Stephanie,” a deep voice commanded from the corner of the room. I glanced over and saw Ryan standing in the shadows, staring at her. 
“If I can’t have you, no one can,” she hissed, snipping a piece of my hair off. 
She disappeared into vapor right before my eyes. I blinked, and in her place stood Ryan. He held the scissors in his hands and glared at me. “If I can’t have you, no one can.” The scissors changed to a black-handled butcher knife, and he raised it up over his head. 
I awoke from the dream into a nightmare. The back of my head throbbed, and when I tried to move, I realized that just like in the dream, my hands and feet were tied. It all came back to me; stepping into Zack’s car and the sharp pain on the back of my head. Someone had taken me and tied me up. After the dream I just had, I knew exactly who that was. 
I opened my eyes. I was sitting on the cold ground, leaning against a tree in front of the waterfall. My coat was on, but I had forgotten my mittens in my mom’s car, not realizing I’d need them. It was a frosty December day, and I was freezing. It didn’t help that I was so close to the waterfall. The wind was blowing the chill from the water towards me; my hands were turning red from the cold. I started to shiver. 
There was a figure standing near the cliff with his back to me. He was wearing a heavy black coat, but underneath was a gray hoodie. 
“Hello, Ryan.” 
He spun around, yanking the hood down. The wind whipped through his dark blond hair. “How did you know it was me?”
“I dreamed of you, and I remembered you looked just like him.”
His smile told me that he was happy that I had finally figured it out. Like all of this was some kind of game. “I’m sorry I had to knock you out, but it was necessary to get you away from him.”
“How did you know about this place?” I asked, stuffing my hands under my jacket.
“I know everything about you.”
“How could you do this? We were friends,” I said, really disappointed that it was him. If I had to choose, I would almost prefer it be Zack.
“Friends,” he said, shaking his head with a low chuckle. “I liked you, but I knew you wouldn’t want to date me, so I never told you about my feelings.” He had a far-off look on his face. “Soon after I moved to New York, I started dreaming of you. I thought it was because I missed you, but it was odd, your face was in my mind almost every time I went to sleep.” His face darkened. “Then one night I had a dream of you and him. I knew I was dreaming of the past because I had never met the guy you were with, but in the dream, I seemed to know him. I dreamed of times that I would follow the two of you. You would walk hand in hand, smiling at each other. 
“The whole time, I thought of ways to hurt him, so you would be with me. I would wake up each morning hating some guy I had never even met.” He stood at the edge of the waterfall, staring out at something I couldn’t see. The ropes were so tight, I could see him, but nothing beyond that. 
“I don’t understand. Why you? You’re not related to Tony. You look just like him, but you weren’t on the list.” 
He laughed darkly, gazing out at the breathtaking view. “My dad’s grandfather changed his last name to Crenshaw when he was looking for a job. Turns out it’s hard to find work when you’re related to a murderer.” That explained why we couldn’t find the fourteenth family. 
“Ryan, how could you do this?”
He turned abruptly, his attention on me again. “I’ve changed since you knew me. Back then I could let you go, just because I was afraid to ask you out. But now, I know that you are mine. I found you first this time. You didn’t even know Lucas existed when we were friends. We were meant to be together, and I won’t let you be with anyone else. I will kill to make that happen.” His face was distorted with rage, his dark blue eyes wide with madness, just like in my dreams. 
The sweet boy that I liked so much three and a half years ago had turned into Tony, a person that killed two people just because he didn’t get his own way. 
“Ryan, don’t let Tony do this to you. You were one of the nicest people I knew. You could never hurt anybody. Ryan, please don’t do this. Be better than him,” I begged him with all my heart. It hurt me to see such a great guy turn into a psychopath. 
He stalked purposely over to me, his scuffed boots nearly touching my now wet sneakers. “Be better than him?” he snarled. “I am him. He didn’t get the girl he wanted, but that ends here. She will finally be his.”
“I’m not Katie!” I yelled. He only grinned at my outburst. I lowered my voice. “I may look like her, but I’m not.” 
He smirked at me. “You have her soul; I know you figured it out. I heard you and your boyfriend talking about it. How do you think I knew about this place?” He raised his arms, gesturing to the waterfall. “Except for the part that you are soul mates. That’s a joke, she was meant to be with Tony. And you are meant to be with me.” He started pacing on the wet grass in front of me. 
“Talk about a joke. If she wanted to be with him she would have. And I never felt that way about you, even when we went to school together. If we were soul mates, don’t you think I’d be attracted to you? I don’t love you, I love Lucas.” I started to yell again. I was upset for so many reasons. For one, I was tied up, and the ropes were painfully cutting into my skin. Two, he was talking about hurting Lucas to get me, and I couldn’t handle that. Three, I felt like I’d lost a good friend. Even though he was doing this to me, I liked him so much. Back when I was a scared fourteen-year-old, he was my lifeline in a sea of unfriendly, snobby kids.
His face turned dark with anger. He pulled his hand back and slapped me across the face. The slap was so strong my head swung back. My cheek stung where his hand hit me. I was shocked. All my sadness over the loss of a friend disappeared instantly. He wasn’t the Ryan I knew. I didn’t know the person standing in front of me. This person tried to kill me three times, followed me, terrorized me, and most of all, he was responsible for my broken heart, my misery for the past month. He was trying to keep me from the man I loved, and for all of this…I hated him. I no longer felt bad for the loss of my friend. He didn’t have to succumb to Tony’s darkness. It was wrong to hurt people, and if he didn’t see that, he was no friend of mine. 
I slowly turned my head back to look at him. His face was still full of anger, showing no remorse for hitting me. “That’s how you treat someone you’re supposed to love? I think I’ll stick with Lucas, he’s ten times the man you are.” I whipped the words at him, wanting them to sting, but I only angered him more. His face turned to fury as he drew his hand back. He almost hit me again, but instead, he took a few breaths to control himself, stepping away from me. 
Something had been nagging me since I opened my eyes, and I suddenly remembered. “Where is Zack?”
His wicked smile reappeared. “He’s fine. He might have a headache, but once somebody finds him, he’ll be okay. I don’t have a problem with Zack. Lucky for him, he’s not your type.” He leaned against a tree, talking to me as if we were speaking of the weather. “He’s in the trunk of his car. I couldn’t have him alerting anyone that you were missing. It would ruin my plan.”
“What plan?” 
“You’ll find out soon enough.” He chuckled. “How was your trip to my family’s home town? Did you have a fun ride down that hill?”
“Oh, that’s right, your pathetic attempt to hurt Lucas and me. As you can see, it didn’t work. His car even came away without a scratch. I do appreciate the extra time with him though. Thank you.” I beamed at him, knowing that it would tick him off, but at this point, I didn’t give a shit. 
The smile vanished as his face hardened. I don’t think he appreciated my humor. 
“Don’t worry, I’m not finished yet. Your time with Lucas is over.” He had a piece of rope in his hand, and he played with it as he spoke.
“What are you going to do? Why did you bring me here?” 
“We’re waiting for a special guest.”
“Who?” I asked, afraid of the answer.
“Well, your boyfriend, of course. You see, Lucas received your text to meet him at your special waterfall. When he gets here, he’ll find you tied up. Of course he’ll try to untie you, but when he leans over, he’ll slip and fall to his death. With him out of the way, you will finally realize we were meant for each other. Lucas dies an accidental death, and we live happily ever after.” His voice was smooth and captivating, as though he was telling a dramatic tale to a small child. 
“Accidental?” I felt sick to my stomach.
He pushed himself away from the tree. “Well, I will help out there. I’ll be hiding, and when he bends over to help you, I’ll push him over the edge.” 
“Is this because of some stupid dreams? You’re going to kill Lucas over a delusion you created because you were dreaming of me. That’s psychotic. You’re not him, Ryan; you don’t have to follow his fate. Do you want to go to jail for the rest of your life like he did?” 
A shadow crossed his face. “Oh, I’m not going to jail. I’m not going to kill anyone. It will be accidental, remember? He just stood too close to the edge, and simply slipped. With him out of the way, we can be together.” 
“You’re more delusional than Tony was. At least he knew that Katie would rather die than be with him. She loved David, just like I love Lucas.” The ground was so cold my butt was starting to go numb. I moved side to side to get my circulation going again. 
“He dumped you!” he yelled, coming toward me. “I would never do that.” 
“He did it to protect me. We would be together right now if it wasn’t for you!” I screamed so loud, my throat hurt. I was so angry I wanted to rip his face off. I realized something. “Wait a minute, I didn’t text Lucas.”
He slipped something out of his pocket and held it up…my cell phone. “Oh, I did that for you, while you were out. He should be here any minute.”
Oh no! He was going to hurt him. I couldn’t allow that. Panic started in the pit of my stomach, rising to my throat. “Ryan, please don’t do this. Just because you were some psycho freak in a past life doesn’t mean you have to be now. You can break the cycle, you can be better than him,” I begged, pulling at the ropes around my wrist.
He laughed. “Psycho freak, is that how you see him? He was driven; he knew what he wanted and went after it. What’s wrong with that?” 
Crap. I really didn’t want to do this, but I didn’t see an alternative. “Please, spare Lucas, and I will be with you. You don’t have to kill him!” My voice was shrill as I begged him not to hurt the person I loved the most. I had felt what it was like not to be with him anymore. I couldn’t imagine the pain if he died. 
“Sorry, but for some reason, I don’t believe you. You’d say anything to save your precious Lucas.” He bent down and caressed my cheek with his hand. I cringed at the touch, but tried not to show the revulsion on my face.
There was a rustling in the woods, and the sound of heavy footsteps. Someone was coming. I hoped Ryan didn’t hear it, but he glanced in the direction of the noise, and then back at me. He smiled, patted my cheek, and picked up a roll of duct tape that was sitting on the ground beside him. When I realized what he was about to do, I yelled, “Don’t come!” I was cut off as he slapped a long piece of the thick tape tightly to my mouth. 
I screamed at Lucas as loud as I could, to stop him from coming any further, but of course, he couldn’t hear me. The stupid tape was blocking my screams. I struggled with the ropes around my wrists, pulling with all my strength, but they were so tight they wouldn’t budge. The ropes were cutting into my skin. I was sure my wrists were going to be bruised and bleeding. Despite the cold, my brow was starting to sweat from the constant thrashing.
The footsteps were getting louder. My throat felt raw from shrieking, and it wasn’t doing any good. He couldn’t hear me, but I had to warn him somehow. If I could just get these freaking ropes off!
I saw Lucas emerge from the trees and into the clearing. He stopped when he saw me, his face turning from confusion to shock. 
When he rushed over to me, I didn’t feel his presence. It was as if he wasn’t standing in front of me. I could see him, but the link between us was gone. It was Logan. “God, Sarah, what the hell?” he exclaimed, ripping the tape off of my mouth, pulling some skin along with it. Ow. 
“Look out!” I yelled, just as Ryan pushed him off the cliff. 
“NOO!” I screamed. Grief overwhelmed me, I really liked Logan. He was just starting to get his life together and I believed, just like his family, that he was a good person, and could make something of himself. And now because of me he was going to die. 
No, I had to believe he was okay. It was only a twenty-foot drop. Lucas had told me once that the fall wouldn’t kill anyone, although you wouldn’t walk away uninjured either. He didn’t want to chance it, so we usually sat farther back. 
I stared at Ryan with as much hatred as I felt. “You son of a bit—” He cut me off with an evil laugh. He’d be great as a villain in a movie. But of course I planned to hurt him as soon as I got these stupid ropes off, so the acting career was out for him. 
“So Sarah, now that Lucas is out of the picture, how about a date?” he asked with the same maniacal laughter in his voice. He was leaning against the tree again, his arms folded in front of him. The fact that he had just pushed someone off a cliff didn’t faze him at all. 
I glared at him. “You’d better kill me, because as soon as you take these ropes off, I will kill you!” I said with determination, because I had every intention of trying. 
“Well, I guess I won’t untie you then, not for a while anyway.” He smiled. God, I wanted to wipe that sadistic grin off of his face. “So, where do you want to go? How about Renford, New Hampshire, where it all began?” He paused, staring into the water. I glared at him coldly but stayed silent. I was worried about Logan.
“You know, Lucas didn’t have to die. And he wouldn’t have if you had stayed away from him. I would have taken you, and he would have been safe, but too late now.” He laughed again. 
“You sick bastard, he did break up with me. We were meeting to figure out who you were, that’s it.”
“Oh well, it doesn’t matter anyway, but we should get going.” He pushed off the tree and started toward me. “I really don’t want to hurt you, but I’m going to have to knock you out again, because I doubt you would cooperate with me.” He bent down to pick up a large piece of a tree branch.
“You’re going to have to knock me out.” I spit the words at him. 
He lifted the wood above his head, and I cringed as he prepared to strike me with it.
Lucas rushed out of the trees and lunged at him, tackling him to the ground. Luke leaned over him and punched him a few times. “Wait,” Ryan said, covering his face with his arms. “You fell over the edge, I thought you were dead!”
Lucas paused, glancing over at me with confusion. I mouthed the word Logan and gestured over the cliff with my eyes. Grief flashed across his face.
Ryan, taking advantage of this distraction, lifted his arms and began choking Lucas. What Ryan didn’t realize was how strong Lucas was. It wasn’t difficult to pull Ryan’s hands from his neck. 
Luke let go of Ryan, and the psycho punched him. Lucas fell back. 
Ryan got up and took off running, but Lucas was right behind him. He grabbed Ryan by the back of his coat, yanking him to the ground.
Lucas got in a few blows until Ryan kicked up with his knee, shoving Lucas onto his back, on the wet grass. Ryan started punching Lucas, but it didn’t last long. Lucas was stronger and he had no trouble getting Ryan off of him. 
They tumbled around on the wet, dirty grass, each one fighting for control. Ryan seemed to be getting tired, his movements slowing, and it wasn’t hard for Lucas to finally pin his arms and legs so he couldn’t move. 
“So this is Tony? Do you know him?” Lucas asked me, panting. 
“Yeah, I know him. This is my friend Ryan, from Hadley Academy.” 
“Some friend,” he said, with pure hatred in his voice.
“Tell me about it. But if you don’t mind, can we talk about this later? I’m kind of tied up here, and Logan is hurt, hopefully not dead.” 
Ryan looked at me, confused. “Who’s Logan?” 
“Oh, he’s the one you pushed off the edge, his twin brother.” I nodded at Lucas. Man, I enjoyed the look of rage that crossed Ryan’s face.
“So Lucas, would you knock him out already, so you can untie me?” 
“Anything for you, babe,” he said as he pounded Ryan as hard as he could, which thankfully did the trick. Ryan’s features smoothed, he almost looked innocent in his unconsciousness.
When Lucas untied me, I glanced down at my wrists and noticed there were cuts all over my skin where the ropes had been, and they were starting to swell. I was going to have some nasty bruises. 
I rushed down around the hill that led to the bottom where Logan was. 






Chapter Thirty-Seven
Home

Logan was lying on the ground, and his leg looked unnaturally twisted. I shook him, digging my fingers into his warm coat. His eyes were closed and he wasn’t moving. I lay my head against his chest…he was breathing. “I knew you were using my brother to get to me,” I heard him say weakly. 
“Oh, thank God you’re all right.” I sighed with relief, sitting up onto the damp ground.
“Well, I’m not sure you’d call me all right, but I’m not dead.” His voice was soft and shaky.
Lucas came down the hill, rushing toward us. “I called Detective Franklin and Mom and Dad, they’re on the way with an ambulance.” He stood between me and Logan. 
“Oh good, because I think my leg is broken, and there are other things I can’t move. And by the way, who the hell pushed me off the cliff?” Logan's eyes had opened now, and he was able to lift his head.
We both laughed with relief; he was going to be fine. Logan was his old sarcastic self, cracking jokes; even a slight smile appeared on his dirt-covered face.
“That would be the guy who attacked Sarah. His name is Ryan, her friend.” 
“I went to private school with him a long time ago. I haven’t seen him since.” I felt the need to defend myself. 
“That explains why you thought Tony looked familiar, but couldn’t place him. He looks a lot like the guy from the newspaper article,” Lucas said, leaning over Logan to make sure he wasn’t hurt worse than we thought. 
Logan swatted him away weakly. “Sarah, you should really be choosier when you pick your friends,” he said, grinning at me. 
I scowled. “Be quiet, or I’ll sit on your leg.”
He winced at the thought. 
“Lucas, do you want to go make sure Ryan doesn’t wake up? I’ll stay with Logan.” Even though I didn’t want to be apart from Lucas for even a second, I was worried Ryan would get away.
“You’re right; my parents should be here soon. I’ll send them down when they arrive,” he said, starting up the hill again. 
“Can you sit up?” I asked Logan when Lucas walked away. 
“I think so; I could probably stand if you want to give me a hand.” 
I leaned down, wrapping my arms around his waist, and pulled. 
“No, no. I think I’ll sit,” he said with a wince. I could tell by his face that he was suffering more than he let on. I really hoped the ambulance would get here fast. I helped him move toward a maple tree so he could lean against it. 
The sounds of scuffling above us brought our attention upward. Lucas was struggling with Ryan again. He must have woken up while we were down here and taken Lucas by surprise. He had Lucas up against a tree, choking him with the large branch he was going to hit me with.
I rushed over to the bottom of the large rock hill. “Stop it, Ryan!” I yelled. 
He glanced down at me, giving Lucas an opening to punch him. He fell to the ground right on the edge of the cliff. Lucas pounced on him, giving him more blows to the head. Ryan shoved him off hard, and Lucas slipped. They both flew over the edge. 
“Lucas!” Logan and I screamed together. He was hanging from the ledge. Ryan was holding onto Lucas’ feet. There was no way Lucas could hold on much longer. 
“Hold on, Lucas, I’m coming,” I yelled, running up the hill as fast as I could. Once I got to the top, I saw that he was grasping a rock that jutted out of the edge of the cliff. 
I found the discarded rope, quickly wrapped it around the nearest tree, and brought it over to Lucas. He grabbed hold of it, but still couldn’t pull himself up. 
I held onto his hand. “Try to climb,” I pleaded, desperate to help. I just didn’t know what else to do. I couldn’t just stand here and watch him die, but what was I supposed to do?
“I can’t, Ryan’s holding on to my feet.” His voice was strained, sweat forming on his brow. 
I glanced down, and there he was, clinging to Lucas for dear life. I grabbed onto Lucas’ arms and yanked with everything in me, but it was no use; he wouldn’t budge. Panic bubbled up inside me. “I can’t pull you up,” I sobbed, tears filling my eyes, obstructing my view of his gorgeous face. I just hoped it wasn’t the last time I saw it.
“It’s okay, Sarah. If I fall, I’ll just break something, like Logan.” He smiled, trying to cheer me. He was so amazing. Here he was hanging from a cliff about to fall to his death, and he was trying to comfort me. But I wasn’t a fool; I looked down at the ground below them. They were hanging about ten feet from where Logan had fallen. He fell on grass, but below where they were hanging were about six or seven large boulders. “You’ll die if you fall on those.”
His eyes were full of agony. “I love you,” was all he said. His hands started to slip from the rock. I grabbed them, holding on with all my strength, but it was no use, his hands started to slip again. My heart leaped to my throat as fear ripped through me. 
“AHHH!” 
We both glanced down at the sound of a scream. The shriek was cut off abruptly as Ryan landed on the boulders. With Ryan no longer hanging from Lucas’ feet, I pulled with all my strength, now that he was able to climb. Once he was standing, he grabbed hold of me tightly. We clung to each other, never wanting to let go. Tears flowed down my cheeks with relief at the feel of his warm body in my arms.
“Lucas! Are you all right?” we heard Logan holler from below.
“I’m fine, Sarah saved me,” Lucas yelled as he gazed into my eyes. He wiped my tears away with his finger, and kissed the side of my head. 
I remembered Ryan, and glanced down at him. “Is he dead?” I asked. I had mixed feelings about the answer. I really liked him when we were friends. He made my time at Hadley Academy bearable, but if he were dead, it would finally be over.
“I think so.” 
We pulled apart, Lucas dropped the rope he was still holding, and we headed back down to Logan. 

“So what happened?” Logan asked me when we were sitting on the grass beside him. 
I told him the story from the beginning, starting from the part where I was followed. When I finished, I asked why he came out here. 
“I heard you yelling. I was out in the backyard getting something out of the shed when I heard someone shouting. I was pretty sure it was you, but I couldn’t imagine what you were doing back here. As I got closer, I realized you were yelling at someone. Then when I saw that you were tied up, I tried to help. And that’s all I remember.” 
We turned at the sound of heavy footsteps and saw his parents rushing toward us. “Logan, honey, are you all right?” Karen asked, clearly shaken. She knelt down on the grass, hugging him tightly. 
“Yes, I’m okay, Mom, but I might have a broken rib from the fall, and now you’re breaking another one.” 
“Oh, sorry” she said, pulling away. She glanced at Lucas and me. “What happened?” 
I let Lucas tell the story as I wandered over to check on Ryan. 
I was no professional, but judging from the position of his body and the way his head hit the rock, no one could have survived a fall like that. I watched his lifeless remains, wondering what could have happened that made a person change so drastically. So he had a few dreams. I couldn’t imagine that would make him become a psychopath. 
I was relieved that this was over, in this life anyway. The thought of this happening again entered my mind, and I felt panicked all over again. What if Tony constantly appeared in every life we had, bent on ruining our happiness? I couldn’t allow that to happen.
I remembered the article about the ritual to keep souls from returning. I glanced around to see if anyone was looking. Then I carefully reached into his pocket, trying not to think about how gross it was to be touching a dead body. I felt something and pulled it out. It was a picture of the two of us at the beach. Emma had taken it. We had spent the day sailing on Ryan's parents’ boat and we were relaxing by a fire on the sand. I needed something personal of his to burn for the ritual, and this was a personal item. I tucked it into the front pocket of my jeans.
“Hey, did I just see you steal from a dead body?” Lucas asked, stepping up behind me. His left eye was starting to swell, his neck was raw and red, his lip was cut, and his knuckles were bleeding. But of course it could have been much worse. 
“I’ll tell you later.” I really didn’t want to explain my crazy idea with everyone around.
“The ambulance and police are here. And your parents just pulled up. Detective Franklin called them.” 
Great, my parents were going to freak. 
Detectives Franklin and Markus walked over to us. “Hello, Sarah, how are you doing?” Detective Franklin asked me. 
“I’m holding up so far.”
“You should have a paramedic look at your hands, they look nasty. And Lucas, they’re going to want to look at your face.” He glanced from Lucas to me. “I’d like you to tell me what happened from the time he took you from the theater. Zack is fine, by the way. Someone heard him about a half an hour after he was put in the trunk. He called the station and told us that you were taken. We’ve been looking for you ever since.” 
I nodded and told him my story. 

Everything became confusing and chaotic after that. My mother wouldn’t stop crying and hugging me. My dad’s continuous handshakes to Lucas and his appreciation for protecting me were getting a little embarrassing.
The ambulance came, and the attendants carried Logan up. They insisted on looking at my head where Ryan had hit me to knock me out, and my wrists. Of course, they eventually told me that I would be fine, like I knew I was. I was more worried about Lucas. My parents were to check on me every six hours while I slept, to make sure I didn’t have a concussion. They told me to keep the bandages on my wrists for a couple of days. 
The coroner came and finally took Ryan away.
When I was told I could leave, my parents whisked me away, telling me that they were not letting me out of their sight ever again. I waved to Lucas, who was getting his eye checked out by the paramedics; we hadn’t really spoken since the detectives arrived. 

My parents doted on me for the rest of the evening, bringing my dinner to the couch in the living room while I watched TV. Even Alex was nice to me. It was a little unnerving. 
For the next two days, I was watched like a hawk. They were afraid that once the shock wore off, I would freak out. And I wasn’t exactly sure I wouldn’t. I was still ticked off at myself for not remembering that Tony looked just like Ryan. I had a feeling Lucas blamed me too. In the confusion, he said that it was too bad I hadn’t figured it out earlier. He probably blamed me for Logan’s injuries. I know I did. I hoped he could forgive me. But since today was Sunday and I hadn’t heard from him since I left the waterfall with my parents, I wasn’t sure what was going to happen. 
Despite their threat at the waterfall, my parents had finally left me alone, but only for an hour. We were running out of food, so they had to go grocery shopping. Alex was at his friend Noah’s. I stayed home from work yesterday, not by choice. I wanted to go, just to get out of the house, but my mom made me stay home. She said she was making sure my head wouldn’t suddenly bother me, and I’d faint or something. But I’m sure she was worried that the stress of it all would come back. I was a bit jumpy, and any noise startled me. 
Since Friday, I had been dreaming of the incident on the cliff. I would run over and grab Lucas’ hand, but I didn’t have the strength to hold him. His hand slipped out of mine. I watched his face as he fell; he stared at me in anger for letting him slip away. I looked down and saw his deformed body lying on the rocks. 
I heard laughter behind me. I spun around to see Ryan leaning against the tree; he stopped laughing and said, “You belong to me!” 
I would wake up screaming. The dream always left me with an eerie feeling, and it clung to me throughout the day. So when everyone insisted on watching me, I didn’t object.
I was deep in thought, staring at the TV, when the doorbell rang. I jumped, suddenly terrified. I had just been thinking about Ryan. Even though I knew he was gone, I couldn’t help but feel anxious since it happened. I was frozen with fear and was afraid to answer the door. Maybe the coroner made a mistake, and he wasn’t really dead, but wouldn’t the police tell me? 
The doorbell rang again. I covered my face in my hands, hoping whoever it was would go away. After a few minutes, I breathed a sigh of relief; they must have given up.
Bang bang bang.
I jumped at the sound of pounding on the door, and I looked over when I heard a slight squeak. The doorknob turned. I held my breath, afraid to make a sound. It was Ryan, I was sure of it.






Chapter Thirty-Eight
David & Katie

“Sarah, are you home?” called Lucas. The tension flew out of me at the sound of his voice. 
I ran to the door, swinging it open, and felt better instantly. His very presence relaxed me. He wore a black V-neck sweater, jeans, and a black leather jacket. His eye seemed worse, almost swollen shut, and the skin was puckered and pink. His lip was healing, with only a slight cut remaining. The same with his knuckles; just a few red spots were visible. Despite all of his injuries, he looked gorgeous. He smiled as he handed me a bunch of multicolored gerbera daisies, deep red, vibrant yellow, and burnt orange. 
“Thank you, they’re beautiful.” I shut the door as he stepped inside. 
He followed me into the kitchen and was silent while I took a vase out of the cupboard. 
“Good choice,” I said, filling the vase with water and placing the flowers inside.
He laughed softly. “I figured roses were ruined for us.” 
I didn’t say anything, trying not to think of the significance of roses. After I finished with the flowers, we stepped into the living room. There was an awkward feeling looming around us. I was pretty sure he felt it as well. 
I sat on my dad’s favorite recliner while he sat on the couch. He watched me as I made my choice. It seemed to confirm something for him, and he nodded. “So, you still haven’t forgiven me for leaving you?” 
I was startled by his question. After everything we’d been through, how could he think that? He was the one who was angry. I was just happy he was alive, and here sitting in my living room. His sweet and spicy scent drifted in the air, swirling around me, and I basked in the comfort of it. I only wished we could get through the awkwardness so I could feel his arms around me. But that wasn’t possible, knowing he was upset with me. “Why would you think that?” 
He gestured to the chair I was sitting in. “You obviously don’t want to sit near me,” he said. 
A laugh slipped out of my mouth before I could stop it.
He raised an eyebrow. “Why is that funny?” 
“Why would I want to sit beside you, when you’re angry with me?” 
A look of shock crossed his face. “I’m not angry with you.” 
“Yes, you are. You blame me for not remembering that Ryan looked like Tony. If I had, Logan wouldn’t have been hurt. That was the last thing you said to me. You haven’t called or come by to see me in two days. What am I suppose to think?” 
He shook his head and sighed. “I’m not mad at you, I never was. I was angry at Ryan and the whole situation. And I didn’t come to see you because your mother called and asked me to stay away until today, so you could clear your head.” He leaned forward in his seat. “I was going crazy not being able to talk to you. I was so excited when she finally called today.”
“Is that why they left me alone?” I asked, realizing now why they were acting so strange before they left. I had asked if I could come with them so I didn’t have to be alone, but they made up lame excuses for me to stay here, even though I hadn’t had a minute to myself since Friday. 
“Yes, she called and told me that you were doing better and they would leave so we could have some privacy.” 
I sat up, wrapping my arms around my knees. “Why didn’t she tell me?” 
“I don’t know. You’ll have to ask her.” 
I felt at a loss for words. After everything that happened, I didn’t know where we stood. I picked at some imaginary lint on my T-shirt, trying to avoid his eyes. 
“Sarah, are you still upset with me?” he asked softly. 
A tear rolled down my cheek. “No.” I was fighting back more, so the word came out in a whisper. I cleared my throat and began again. “I’m mad at myself. How could I not remember? I was the one who dreamed about Tony. I feel so stupid and horrible for what almost happened to you, and what actually happened to Logan.” I rested my head on my knees, afraid to look into his eyes. 
He sighed heavily. “Logan is fine; he has a broken leg and two cracked ribs, that’s all. He’s actually enjoying all the attention he’s getting. Word got around, and now our house has been crawling with girls taking care of him.” 
I laughed through my tears. I could see Logan playing up his injuries for his own benefit. 
Lucas stood up and walked toward me. He touched his hand to my chin and lifted my face. Smiling at me, he took my hand and pulled me up. We were standing inches apart; his hot breath caressed my skin. “Please, tell me that you still love me,” he said. The longing in his eyes was obvious.
I smiled and wiped my tears away. “I love you, more than I ever have. I’m just sorry I didn—” I was cut off as his lips hungrily crushed mine. All the pain, guilt, and anger I felt washed away. I was in his arms, we were safe, and I was home. As long as we were together, nothing could ever hurt us again.

A few hours later, Lucas and I were snuggled in my bed. My daisies sat in a vase on my dresser where I could see them. The smell of fresh paint still lingered in the room. My parents painted my wall yesterday while I was curled up on the couch. 
“I love you, Sarah,” he whispered as he gently caressed my cheek with the tips of his fingers. We were both lying on our sides facing each other.
“I love you too,” I said, enjoying the feel of his soft touch against my skin.
My father walked past the door for the fourth time. 
“How long do you think he’ll do that?” Lucas asked, his voice anxious. I knew my father didn’t approve of us lying together on my bed, but because of the situation, he chose to ignore it, in his own way. 
“Until my mom tells him to stop,” I said softly. I was very comfortable and thankful he was here. I felt at peace. 
“Should we get up? I don’t think he’s happy with this.”
“No, he won’t say anything. I’ve been a little jumpy lately, and you keep me calm.” I reached over, resting my hand on his waist; I needed to touch him, to feel his warmth.
“Jim, get down here and stop bugging Sarah and Lucas,” my mother yelled from downstairs.
“I’m coming.” I heard my dad say. It sounded like his voice was coming from his bedroom doorway, which was about ten feet from mine. Lucas and I started laughing, covering our mouths, so my dad didn’t hear. 
“I have a question for you.” I moved my hand from his waist, poking his nose with my fingertip, after I heard my dad go down the stairs.
“Shoot.”
“Last Monday, Andy asked me if I wanted him to take me out, so he could cheer me up. But he was weird about it when I said no. He held my arm and said he really wanted to.”
Lucas laughed. 
“What?” 
“Andy.” He shook his head. “I asked him to keep an eye on you, since I couldn’t. When he asked how he was supposed to do that, I told him to find a way. Apparently it didn’t work.” 
I laughed with him. “Oh good, I was worried he liked me, or something.”
“Not that I’m aware of,” he said, resuming the gentle caress on my cheek.
“Do you know when Ryan’s funeral is?” I asked, suddenly remembering the photo.
“No, why?” His eyebrows creased in confusion at my abrupt change of topic.
“I can’t tell you right now. I want to check something first.” 
I started to stand up, but he pulled me back onto the bed. “No, don’t leave me.” 
I laughed but shoved his hand away. Finally, he let me go, and I stood up to get my phone off of the dresser. I dialed Detective Franklin’s number. 
After I hung up, Lucas stared at me with a look of extreme confusion. 
“What the hell was that about?” He reached up and curled a strand of my hair around his finger, pulling me down until I sat on the edge of the bed.
“Okay, so we got rid of Ryan-slash-Tony, right?”
“Right,” he said slowly.
“Say we live happily ever after. We grow old together, and then we die.”
He grinned. “Sounds good to me.”
“Let’s say I believe that we’re soul mates, which I’m not sure, but there is evidence that says we are.” He nodded, and I went on. “We’re born again, we find each other, and again we get together. What about Tony?”
“Well, if that happens, what are we supposed to do? It’s kind of out of our control.”
“Maybe it’s not,” I said, grinning as I stood up.
“Sarah, are you crazy? There’s nothing we can do about it.” He sat up with his legs hanging over the side of the bed.
“When I was researching our dreams, or past lives on the Internet, I looked up how to stop a soul from returning. I didn’t expect to find anything, but there were a few articles. Of course, there is no way to know if it’s true, they’re just theories. Some people believe that if you are cremated, you won’t be reincarnated again. And I also found an article about a ritual ancient natives performed to keep souls from returning. They said if you take a personal item of the diseased and burn it at the same time the person is being cremated, while saying a particular chant, the soul won’t return. The only problem is that you have to do it within fifty feet of the body while it’s being burned.”
“Are you seriously thinking of doing this?”
“Yes.” 
He stared out the window, thinking. “Is he being cremated?” he asked. I nodded. After my conversation with Detective Franklin I knew everything there was to know about Ryan’s arrangements after his death. “Well, we don’t know the chant, and how are we supposed to get fifty feet away?”
“I do know the chant, it was on the Internet. And they are cremating him at seven o’clock tonight, after hours. So the parking lot will be empty. That’s about fifty feet,” I said, smiling.
He gazed into my eyes and finally said, “Let’s do it.” He stood up. “Wait! We don’t have a personal item. Or are you going to break into his house like you did min?” he asked with a smirk on his face. 
I stuck my tongue out at him and opened my closet door. Reaching up, I took the photo off the top shelf. I handed him a sandwich baggie with the photo inside. “I took it from his pocket. That’s what you saw me steal from him.”
“He was carrying a picture of you and Emma?” His eyes hardened, and his fingers tightened on the picture. Obviously he wasn’t happy that Ryan had carried a photo of me around with him.
“Yes.” 
He shook it off and blew out a breath. “Okay, let’s get ready. What do we need?” 

We spent the next couple of hours gathering all the things we needed to take with us, and preparing for the ritual. We drove to the funeral home and sat inside the car until six forty-five. As we waited, it started to snow. “Awesome, it’s finally snowing,” he said, looking out his window. There were a few flakes coming down, but they were so small you could barely see them.
“I wouldn’t get too excited, you can’t even see it.”
“It might pick up later. I can’t wait to get my snowmobile out. Christmas holidays are coming up in a couple of weeks. Last year I didn’t get a chance to use my sled until after the holidays. What a waste of a vacation,” he grumbled.
“Derrick said the same thing. What’s so exciting about driving a snowmobile?” I asked, reaching to turn the radio down.
“Have you ever been on one?” 
“No.”
“Just wait, it’s so much fun. Tell Derrick to bring his over to my place; we can go through the trails in our back woods. You and Emma will love it.”
“I’ll take your word for it.” I glanced at the door of the funeral home. I didn’t want to be seen out here. Most of the windows were dark, but there was a glow from somewhere inside. I saw no movement anywhere.
“What happens if someone sees us?” Lucas asked. Could he read my mind? 
“We have the car parked blocking where we’re going to do it. No one will see us.” I glanced at the clock. “Let’s go.” I grabbed my bag that held the items we needed.
Outside, we sat on the cold, hard pavement. I took out the stainless steel mixing bowl I had brought and set the picture inside. “Are you ready? You light it and I’ll read the chant.” I peered at my watch, waiting for seven on the dot, and when the hour hand finally moved into place, I nodded to him. 
As he lit the picture on fire, I watched it burn for a second, and then read the few paragraphs loudly. The photo burned until only ashes were left. 
I looked up at the sky and watched a shimmering light rise above the funeral home. It hovered for a few seconds, and then vanished. I rubbed my eyes, not believing what I had just seen. 
Lucas was staring in the same direction with an amazed look on his face. “Did you see that?” 
“Yes, but I’m sure I’m seeing things.”
“You and me both.” 
We shoved all of the items back in my bag and climbed quickly into the car. 
On the drive home, the snow picked up and was really coming down hard. Lucas was excited, happy about the first real snowfall of the year.
When we arrived at my house, he gave me a kiss and said good night. 

Since the last thing I remembered was going to bed, I knew I was dreaming when I suddenly found myself standing in a field of poppies. I could see a mountain in the distance, and when I slowly spun around, a forest lay just beyond the field. It was quiet, just the sound of the breeze blowing the flowers and the occasional chirp as a flock of birds that flew overhead. “What’s going on?” I heard a voice behind me and knew who it was without turning. Lucas stepped up beside me and took my hand.
“I don’t know,” I said, just as we saw two bodies emerge from the trees. They were quite a distance away, but I could tell it was a guy about six feet tall, with brown hair. He was holding hands with a much shorter girl; her hair was long and dark. As they approached us, I knew who it was. David and Katie, and they looked happy. Gone was the look of anguish I saw in the death dreams. They stood in front of us, in this beautiful field filled with orange-red flowers. Just beyond them I could see the clouds, some white, some faded into blue and pink. They smiled at us. “Thank you,” David said in Lucas’ voice.
“Because of you, we can be happy now,” Katie replied. As I opened my mouth to speak, they nodded their heads and turned away. Before they made it back to the cover of the trees, they disappeared. 

I woke up with a feeling of relief that washed over me for the first time since I started having the dreams. For some reason, I knew it was over; it worked. 
Although they were often scary and confusing, I fell in love with Lucas in my dreams. Was it fate that brought us together, were we truly meant to be? I had no idea, but I was thankful whatever the reason. There would be no more visions of our death, and in the next life, no Tony.
I was lying in my bed staring up at my dirt splotch. In the dark, it was easier to see the shapes. Tonight it was Lucas’ hazel eyes. The sound of my cell phone ringing startled me. I glanced at the clock and noticed that it was midnight. “Hello?” I answered softly.
“It’s over, isn’t it?” Lucas asked with a sleepy voice.
“I think so. Did you have the same dream?”
“Yes.”
“I love you.”
“I will always love you, Sarah.” With that, we hung up, and I went back to a dreamless sleep.






Epilogue

With no interference from reincarnated murderers, Lucas and I were actually quite happy. When he turned eighteen in March, we celebrated with all of our friends with a rematch of paintball. Emma is still the reigning champion.
I quit my job at the multiplex. I couldn’t work there without thinking Ryan was lurking outside watching me. On my last day, I worked with Zack. We were up front selling tickets.
“Zack, I’m sorry about getting you involved in all the drama,” I said between customers.
“It’s okay, Sarah. I wasn’t hurt, and besides it’s not like it’s your fault.” 
I had been apologizing a lot lately. 
I suddenly remembered the first time I met him. I swiveled in my chair. “Zack, Marcy told me that you asked questions about me before we met, and it seemed like you recognized my name. What was that about?” 
When his last customer walked away, he turned to me, his face a bit red. “My cousin Noah is your brother Alex’s best friend. My family goes to Noah’s place a lot and Noah’s always bugging Alex about his hot sister Sarah. They told me that a bunch of kids in their grade always asked Alex to come over to your house, so they could see you. He hates it, so my cousin likes to tease him about it. When Susan said your name, I recognized it and asked her questions to see if you were the same girl my cousin talked about.” He smiled shyly and turned to his new customer.
Oh, that was hilarious. Lucas had thought he was my stalker and all along he knew my name from Alex. After my customer walked away, I started laughing. 
“What’s so funny?” he asked, smiling. 
“Nothing. Kids really bug Alex to come over so they can stare at me?”
“Yes, and it really annoys him. He never told you that?”
“No, but he wouldn’t.”
I stood up as Brody came in to relieve me. “Bye, Zack, bye, Brody. I’ll see you later.” 
They waved as I walked out the door. I couldn’t tell Zack what Lucas thought. I didn’t want to hurt his feelings. 
I would be sure to tell Lucas he was wrong about him though. I’d be seeing him at work tomorrow. It was my first day as a waitress at Sabour’s, and I couldn’t wait. Now we could spend even more time together. 
We were both attending NYU in the fall; we even had an apartment lined up. My father was a little nervous about our living arrangements, but he’d get over it. 
The dreams never returned. The only ones I had now were my own. 

In late April, Lucas took me out for my birthday. He told me to dress up for the occasion, so I was waiting for him in a new outfit that I bought with my tip money. It was a wine-colored silk dress that fell to my knees. Since it was strapless, I wore a black silk wrap to keep the chill away. I heard Lucas’ car pull into the driveway. “Bye, Mom and Dad, he’s here. I’ll see you later,” I yelled at them from the door as I ran out to meet him. 
He looked handsome in a charcoal-colored suit. “Hey, I was planning to come in for a minute,” he said, kissing me and handing me a bouquet of wildflowers.
“That’s okay, I was so excited to see you, I couldn’t wait any longer.” 
He smiled while opening the passenger door for me. I sat inside and held the flowers on my lap. Once he was in the driver’s seat, he turned to me. “Happy Birthday.” 
“Thank you. Where are we going?” 
He grinned playfully. “You’ll see.” 
We drove in the direction of his house. But before we got there, he pulled into the driveway leading to the waterfall from the road. 
I tensed, squeezing my hands into fists. “What are we doing here?” I asked, my voice laced with fear. 
“Sarah, relax, this is our place. I won’t let him take it from us.” His voice was full of determination. He parked the car and climbed out, walking over to my door and opening it. 
I hesitated. Even though it was a warm day, I felt a chill in the air. I looked out into the trees, and all I could see was Ryan’s face as he laughed viciously from my dreams. “I can’t,” was all I said, refusing to get out of the car. I was frozen with fear; it crept up inside me and held on with icy claws.
Luke knelt down onto his knees in front of me, unconcerned with grass stains on his good dress pants. “Whose place is this?” he asked, taking my hands and holding them in his. His hands were warm against mine; fear had made them cold. 
“Ours,” I mumbled quietly.
“And what did you say the second time I brought you here?”
I sighed and rolled my eyes. “That I loved it here, and that it felt like we were in our own little world.”
He nodded. “Are you going to let him take that from us? This is part of where we fell in love. I’m not willing to let it go. But I won’t come here alone.” He stood up and held out his hand. “Are we going to take back our special place?” He smiled encouragingly. 
He was right, of course. I knew Ryan was dead, but it was hard to let him go when I sometimes dreamed of that night on the cliff. 
Lucas leaned over and took my hand again. “You can do this.” He bent down and kissed me softly. That was all I needed to give me courage. 
I let him pull me out of the car, and I followed him through the path that led to the waterfall. 
Once we arrived, I saw a folding table and chairs set up in the clearing. There were plates set out with a picnic basket in the middle of the table. 
He gestured for me to sit, and I obeyed. From our spot, there was a beautiful view of the falls, a perfect setting for a romantic dinner. I soon forgot what had happened here months before. 
He pulled out our food from the basket and placed it on our dishes. Stuffed pork and seasoned rice—it looked so good I couldn’t wait to try it. To drink, there was sparkling cider in wine glasses. He thought of everything. No wonder I loved him. 
It was delicious, and I ate it all. For dessert, we had chocolate-covered strawberries. 
“I wanted my dad to make baked Alaska again, but he said it would probably melt out here.” 
“No, this is great.” I popped a strawberry in my mouth, the sweet flavor bursting as I chewed. “This is the best birthday I’ve ever had. Thank you.” 
“Only the best for you. Remember, you only turn eighteen once, and I want it to be special for you.” He placed a small box in between us on the table.
“Oh Lucas, thank you.” I picked it up and opened it. Inside was a necklace, a silver chain with a white-gold pendant on it. The pendant was the soul mate’s symbol that I had seen when we were doing research. On the back was an engraving that said simply: Forever. I started to tear up. It was so beautifully sweet. “Lucas,” I said, focused on the necklace, “I love it, it’s perfect.”
He stood up, and walked over to me. Reaching for the necklace, he placed it around my neck. 
I got to my feet and turned to him, framing his face with my hands, gazing at the gold flecks in his eyes before I leaned onto my toes to touch my lips to his. I kissed him to thank him for the gift. I kissed him to show him how much he meant to me, and how much I loved him. I kissed him with everything I had. 
He wrapped his arms around me, returning the kiss, and taking it deeper. I never wanted to pull away. 
He was the one who ended it. “Sarah, are you ready?” he whispered. I understood him, and I knew what it meant that he was asking me. 
I stared into his eyes, which were darkening with longing. “Yes. I’m ready.” 
He studied my face, making sure I meant what I said. I nodded to reassure him. 
His arms fell away from me. I thought he had changed his mind, but instead he walked over to a willow and picked up a duffel bag. Inside was a sleeping bag. 
He laid it down on the grass, took my hand, and escorted me to the blanket. 
I took off my shoes and crawled inside. After he removed his shoes, he snuggled in beside me. Taking my face in his hands, he brushed his lips on mine, guiding me down to lay my head against the blanket. “I love you, Sarah, forever,” he whispered, bending down to kiss me again, and this time he didn’t stop. 
As we expressed our love, we knew we would never be apart. We were soul mates, destined to find each other.
###






Here's a peak at Delusions, the second and final book in the Affinity Series, available now on Smashwords.



Prologue
Brownridge, Vermont

Two years ago

The music was loud, the drinks were pouring, and the spirits were high. I was just glad it wasn’t my house. My parents would kill me. 
The room was stale with the smell of beer and sweat. The bass from the stereo was so high, the portrait of Amanda’s family hanging in the center of the room shook with each beat that radiated from the speakers. A plant was knocked off a table and with every dance step dirt was stomped into the carpet.
I heard a crash behind me and cringed. I felt bad for Amanda. She had only asked a few of us over, and somehow half the school showed up. Not bad for my first high school party. I was in the tenth grade, but had never been to one yet. The place was packed, I could barely move.
“Holy crap, this is so awesome!” Kelly yelled, squished between me and Adam. They were my two best friends and had been for years. There were sweaty bodies all around me bouncing to the music.
Cassie Murphy bumped me from behind, sloshing beer all over my new, sparkly, silver blouse. So much for only having a couple of drinks so my parents didn’t notice. Now that it was poured all over me, there was no way to hide the fact that I had been drinking. I’d have to sneak the stinky top into the washing machine myself. I didn’t mind helping out around the house when asked, but my mom would wonder why I was suddenly interested in household chores on my own.
“Lisa!” Kelly yelled. 
I was wiping my top with my hand, trying to get the beer off. I looked up. “What?”
“Is that Logan Tate over there?” she asked, pointing to a guy who was chugging beer out of a funnel. It was hard to tell since all I saw was his back, but this guy was tall with tousled brown hair, and he was wearing a navy blue shirt and jeans. The clothes Logan wore at school today.
“It looks like him.” I took a slow breath in and out to calm the butterflies that fluttered rapidly in my stomach every time I saw him. “Okay, let’s get a good spot so we can watch him all night. He is so hot.”
“Why don’t you just talk to him?” Kelly yelled over the music before she took a sip of her beer.
“Are you kidding?” I held out three fingers. “First.” I held my pointer finger down. “He’s older than I am. Second”—I turned down another—“he’s popular, and third…he wouldn’t give me the time of day.” I folded down the last, holding my fist up in front of me. “Just stare and dream, that’s the only way with a guy like him.”
We left Adam to flirt with Tara Long, as Kelly and I headed closer, single file and holding hands, trying to squeeze through the dancing bodies.
I saw an empty corner that would give us a perfect view of him. It took us awhile, trying to slip through the crowd. I was shoved a couple of times, almost losing my balance, but thankfully, I was working on my first beer and still felt steady. We stayed our course, finally making it to the corner.
“Oh God, I can finally breathe,” Kelly said, leaning against the wall and taking another sip of beer. I wasn’t sure who brought the keg, but I was grateful. It was my first time drinking, and even though it tasted as I imagined cat urine would, I looked cool carrying the cup.
“Oh crap, now I have to pee, are you coming with me?” she hissed into my ear.
“No, I’ll stay here and keep our spot.”
“I’ll be back soon, if I can find the washroom.” I watched her wander off unsure of where she was going. She headed down a hall that looked like it led to the garage. I yelled her name to tell her she was going the wrong way, but she couldn’t hear me over the music. Oh well, she’d figure it out, or pee on someone’s car.
Ethan Harris stood beside me against the wall, watching me intently. He was Adam’s friend and had come to the party with us, but I had lost track of him an hour ago. “What?” I asked him when he refused to look away.
He shook his head. “Nothing, just wondering where Adam is.”
I pointed to the corner where the keg was. Adam was pouring himself a cup.
Ethan nodded to me and wandered off to join his friend.
Without the distractions of my friends, I could focus once again on Logan. He finished chugging the beer and then backed up to let someone else have a turn. He tripped over Rick Harding’s foot, falling right into me. I grabbed his elbows, trying to catch him before he landed on the floor.
“Thank you,” he slurred, turning around to face me. His smile was crooked, and his hazel eyes were a bit glazed from all the beer. But it was a smile, and it was directed at me. My night was complete. I could go home and relish in that one smile for weeks.
“Hey. I know you,” he said, squinting his eyes and pointing his finger at me.
“Yeah, I just started at your parents’ restaurant as a hostess.”
He frowned and shook his head. “No, that’s not it.”
“I go to your school?” I offered.
“No, not that either.”
“Then I have no idea. My name is Lisa Miller.”
“Lisa…the name doesn’t ring a bell, but those eyes…” He stared into them, lost in thought. He appeared to be finished speaking, but several seconds later, he finally recovered. “They haunt me. They’re so blue.” He trailed off, staring at my face. He narrowed his eyes as though contemplating world peace. After what seemed like hours, instead of the minute it had been, his eyes lit up as he smiled and pointed. “Hey, I got it. You’re the girl from my dreams.” He nodded, satisfied that he had finally figured it out, then turned and walked away, leaving me shocked and speechless, with my mouth wide open.
I watched him make his way through the crowd, stumbling into Taylor Bradford and then Tara Collins.
Did he just say he dreamed of me? My mind was suddenly filled with fog. Did that just happen, or was I hallucinating?
The next half hour went by in a blur of movement. It was like I was trapped in a bubble. I could see everyone around me drinking, dancing, and having fun, but I couldn’t hear them. My focus was on Logan, who stood across the room drinking beer after beer, laughing, and singing along to the music.
“Earth to Lisa,” Kelly said, waving her hand in front of my face. Did she just get back? I was so involved in watching my dream guy, I hadn’t noticed her return.
I blinked. “What?” I turned my head to face her, but kept my eyes glued to Logan.
“We’re supposed to be having fun, let’s dance.” She bumped me with her hip, dancing awkwardly to the loud, bass-pumping music.
“You go ahead. Adam said he wanted to.”
Her eyes narrowed. “Fine, stay in the corner all night, see if I care.” She walked away, but I couldn’t say which direction. My eyes were still glued to Logan while I replayed his words over and over in my head. “Oh right, you’re the girl in my dreams.”
Martin Smith stumbled into me, breaking my gaze. I pushed him off and he fell into the wall, causing a loud thump. “Sorry,” he mumbled, stumbling away.
I looked back at Logan and was shocked to see him staring at me. He smiled and crooked his finger, beckoning me over to him.
I walked in a daze to the kitchen doorway where he was standing. When I stood next to him, he wrapped his arm around my shoulder. The smell of cologne wafted all over him, and the scent was almost hypnotizing. He led me through the door, down the hall, and up the stairs. I know I should have said no, but I had lost the ability to speak. The boy I had dreamed about since I started at Hamilton High a year ago, the boy that every girl in school adored, had his arm wrapped around my shoulders. I wasn’t a senior, a cheerleader, or even popular, but here I was, just the two of us, alone in an upstairs hallway.
He shoved the door open to what looked like Amanda’s bedroom. The walls were painted lilac with posters of the hottest Hollywood stars spread throughout the room. I heard the door shut behind me. He took my hand and pulled me to the bed. He sat down, patting the spot beside him. “Why am I dreaming of you?” he whispered softly, more to himself than me.
“I…I don’t know.” Duh, was that the best I could do?
“You have the most beautiful eyes I’ve ever seen. In my dreams, they’re so blue and vibrant, like an ocean on a bright, shiny day. I wake up and they’re all I can see.” His face was so close. I could smell the strong scent of beer on his breath. If it was anyone else I would have squeezed my nostrils shut.
He reached up and lightly touched my cheek, causing an electric tingle along my skin. He gazed intently into my eyes. “And those full pink lips…” He traced his fingers along my face and paused, then gently caressed my mouth. My heart swelled four sizes, my stomach tightening into a ball of excitement. He moved in closer and touched his lips to mine, giving me the most amazing first kiss in the history of first kisses. He cupped my face with his hands and pushed me down onto the bed. Unsure of where this was going, I hesitated.
He hovered above me. “It’s okay; I just want to be near you. I can’t believe you’re real.”
Just as he leaned in for another kiss, my cursed phone rang. I dug into my pocket and pulled it out. “I’m sorry, it’s my mom. I have to take this. I’ll be right back.”
He smiled and sat up, allowing me to hop off the bed. “Hurry back.”
I snuck inside the bathroom, shutting the door behind me so she couldn’t hear the noise.
“Hello?”
“Lisa, why did you take so long answering your phone?” my mother asked. My little sister let out a loud wail in the background.
“It was at the bottom of my bag, I didn’t hear it right away.” I sat down on the closed toilet lid, noticing it was cushioned with a pink doily. It was very comfortable.
“Well, how is it going, you guys getting a lot of studying done?”
Oh tons. “Yep. We’re just starting the Second World War now.” Behind the bathroom door, someone screamed. Another voice laughed hysterically.
“Lisa, what was that?”
“Oh, just a movie Amanda’s little brother is watching.” I held my breath, waiting to hear if she bought my lie.
“Okay, but remember to be home by eleven.”
I let out my breath in relief. “All right, Mom, I won’t be late.”
I hung up and looked in the mirror, making sure I looked okay for the best night of my life.
I smoothed my hair and rubbed under my eyes, seeing a tiny trace of brown eyeliner-smudge. Finally satisfied, I stepped out of the bathroom, passed a couple making out on the floor, and stepped over a pair of abandoned jeans. When I reached Amanda’s room, I took a deep breath to settle my stomach and then pushed the door open. What I saw inside would haunt me forever. Sasha Martin, the biggest ho in school, was lying on top of Logan, kissing him. But that wasn’t the worst part; he was kissing her back, his fingers tangled in her auburn hair. And as I watched, he tugged her closer with a moan and flipped her over on the bed so he could lie on top of her. 
I hurried out of the room before he saw me and laughed. Was this all a joke? All that talk about my beautiful eyes, his dreams about me, and then he starts kissing someone else? Why would he even say those things? Did he somehow know I had been dreaming of him, and this was his way to make fun of me? What did he think I would do, run in the room screaming and crying and then everyone would come in and laugh? No way in hell. Even though I was devastated, I wasn’t going to let anyone see me lose it.
I rushed down the hallway and was just about to make it to the stairs when I ran into someone. In my haste, I hadn’t seen the body that was leaning against the wall at the top of the stairs. He was wearing a gray Hamilton High basketball sweatshirt with the hood up. I couldn’t tell who it was until he turned his head. “Oh, I’m so sorry, Ethan. I didn’t see you standing there.” He opened his mouth to reply, but I was already gone, taking the stairs two at a time. Thankfully I wouldn’t have to search for Kelly to tell her I was leaving; I spotted her near the front door having a close conversation with Adam. I took a few deep breaths to calm myself. “Kelly, I’m not feeling well. I’m going home.”
“Okay, I’ll see you tomorrow, right?”
“I’m not sure, but I’ll call you.” As I walked away I heard her laugh at something Adam whispered in her ear. 
I walked the six blocks to my house, crying like a two-year-old. I was cold, my legs hurt, and I was desperately in pain, my chest aching as if someone had stabbed me with a knife. Was that what happened when your heart was broken; it literally throbbed with pain?
Most of the lights were off at my house, which meant my sister must be sleeping and my parents were in the living room watching TV. How was I supposed to walk past them without being noticed? I knew that as soon as my mother saw me, she’d know that something was wrong. I wasn’t that good a liar, and I was sure my face would be a dead give away. 
I stood on the porch and peeked through a crack in the curtain. The only sound coming from the house was the drone of the TV. The whir of the cars on the highway was louder. The living room was empty; they must be in the kitchen getting a snack or a drink. My mother did like a glass of wine at night. I took my chance, since I knew there probably wouldn’t be another, and turned the doorknob slowly. 
Once inside, I shut it without a sound, thankful that my father had recently oiled the squeaky hinges. 
I heard them arguing in the kitchen—something they had been doing a lot lately—but instead of dwelling on that, I hightailed it up the stairs before I was seen. 
In my room, I stared at myself in the mirror. My face was red and puffy; my eyes were bloodshot with mascara running down my face. I looked like a psychotic clown. 
I took a wipe out of its box and rubbed my cheeks. As the makeup washed off my face, I made a promise to myself. Logan would pay for this, if it was the last thing I ever did. I didn’t know how yet, but I wouldn’t stop until he regretted the day he messed with me.






Acknowledgments

I have many people that helped and encouraged me to take on this new challenging career. First, I would like to thank my mother, my sisters Debbie and Brenda, and my cousin Jody for being my guinea pigs and reading this for me. Their input was a great help. And a big shout-out to my cousin and long-time best friend, Tracy, for editing and helping with the cover even though we didn’t use it.
To my beautiful niece Courtney for being my model, and for freezing her butt off while I took her picture, twice, thank you.
To my mother-in-law, Donna, for all of her pre-editing, and for loving it as much as I do. You made my day with your praise.
To my husband, Brad, and children, Josh and Megan, for being patient with me while I was locked up in my room writing. I love you all.
And I cannot forget Stephanie Mooney for creating such a great cover, and Christine LePorte for saving me, and doing the final edit.



About the Author


Christina Smith is a wife and mother of two. She lives in a small rural town in Ontario, Canada where she spends most of her free time writing. 

Look for her newest novel, Delusions – Book Two in the Affinity series, available now at Smashwords. 342




