CONTENTS:
PROLOGUE
CHAPTER 1.1: FAMILY
CHAPTER 1.2: CONFRONTATION
CHAPTER 2.1: WEEKEND
CHAPTER 2.2: RED
CHAPTER 3.1: WONDERLAND
CHAPTER 3.2: LOST AND FOUND
CHAPTER 4.1: SUSPICION
CHAPTER 4.2: ENCOUNTER
CHAPTER 4.3: BREAKDOWN
CHAPTER 5.1: TWO ROADS
CHAPTER 5.2: NOTICED
CHAPTER 5.3: OPERATION SCAVENGER
CHAPTER 6.1: DRIVE



PROLOGUE
 
 
The sound of gunfire erupts throughout the building, causing her to flinch. Her heart skips a beat as she turns back to see droplets of red staining both of her cheeks as well as her forehead. She kneels down as she wraps both of her hands around her head. Sitting still on the floor, she rolls her eyes downwards before the second round of gunfire rings through her ears, causing her heart to jump once more. What follows is a gaping gaze down upon a figure in black kneeling down against her body. The scent. The presence. The heavy breathing. They all seem to bear a striking familiarity, resembling someone she knows. She slowly raises both of her hands and wraps them around the person’s shoulders as she feels the breaths getting heavier. Pushing away the body, her pupils are glued to the person’s face. The light flickers on. Her mind goes blank. Tears dripping down her pale white face since all she can do right now, is stare.
“Scarlet…”
 

 



Chapter 1.1
FAMILY
The sun beams upon the busy city, reflected by the glass building reaching the clouds in the navy-blue sky. A dark blue Lexus 330 roams upon the highway of Laughingdale as cars pass by from the opposite side. Leaving her workplace, a woman is greeted by the sight of a dark blue car pulling over. She sees a waving hand, causing her smile to appear as she skips towards the vehicle. She opens the car door and steps into the passenger side, only to be pulled in by a warm embrace. Pulling away from the hug, the woman immediately straps on her seatbelt and sinks back into the soft, cushiony seat. Disappearing from the premise, the vehicle speeds towards the exit gate.
"How was your day at work?" Her husband asks with a grin bared on his face while keeping his eyes fixed on the road forward.
"Not the worst, but I've had better days… Chris had some issues at home, so I volunteered to take over his shift." The woman replies with a voice that is barely audible while slouching in the passenger seat
“No wonder you look so tired… What do you want for dinner tonight?” Her husband asks.
“Whatever is fine… I don’t feel like choosing right now.” She says before turning her face towards the window as she proceeds to close her eyelids.
“You want something brothy?”
“Whatever is fine. Simon, I’m tired, so don’t bother me while I sleep, alright?” She requests before turning over towards the window as she proceeds to shut her eyelids.
With a smile on his face, Simon guides his pupil over to his wife, whose snore fills up the compact space of the car.
"You pulled through. I’m proud of you, Scarlet.” Simon mutters as he strokes his hand against her silky brown hair. His smile disappears in an instant as he shifts his attention back on the road.
After five minutes have passed, the car finally pulls up in front of the store as Simon attempts to park the car in one of the slots. He then gives his wife a peck on the forehead and proceeds to push open the car door before stepping outside. He presses the lock button on his car keys, causing the car to beep, then he proceeds to pace inside the store through the main entrance, while getting a shopping cart for himself on the way in. 
Simon walks pass the sliding door and takes a stop before making his way forward to the meat section on the left. He wanders around the section before reaching his hand towards the direction of two pieces of tenderloin beef steaks. Simon puts the two pieces of steak into the cart and proceeds forward until the sight of chicken catches his attention. He then grabs two whole chicken and throws it inside his cart.
“Should I buy fish…” Simon mutters and rubs his chin before throwing four halibut filets inside the cart as he continues pushing forward to the fresh produce section located in front of him.
“Oof- Sorry about that.” Says Simon after he bumps into a stranger, causing their cap to fall off from their head.
Simon proceeds to heft up the cap and hands it over to the person, standing before him.
“Thank you.” The stranger says before walking away from Simon.
______________________________________________________________________________
Simon returns fifteen minutes later to see his wife sleeping peacefully. He makes his way around the car to the driver’s side and inserts in his keys. The engine lets out a roar as it starts up. Simon opens the trunk of the car and drops in bags of groceries before running back in the driver’s seat as the trunk finally closes. He pulls out his phone and turns it on. The time reads “4:45”. Darting his eyes back and forth, Simon shoves his phone back in his pocket and he finally manages to back his car out of the lot and drives off.
Upon arriving at school, Simon pulls over the side of the road and stops the engine before stepping out of the car. He looks at his phone again, which then reads “4:52”. A sigh of relief escapes his lips as he puts his phone back in his pocket. 
Taking a quick detour around the building, Simon is met with a group of children running from the opposite direction. For a moment, he takes a glance at the toddlers while they look right back at him. His eyes continue shifting towards the group as they pass him. Making his way to the main entrance, Simon is then met by a figure standing before his eyes. The person is wearing navy-blue pants with a white shirt tucked inside, coated around by a yellow jacket. A smirk appears on Simon’s face as he continues walking towards the person standing beside the school entrance.
"Hey, Chris! It's been a while! How have you been" Simon calls out while walking towards Chris who seems to instantly dart his eyes over to him.
" Oh! Simon! It’s really been a while! I believe the last time we met was at the office dinner. I'm doing fine and dandy. How about you?" Chris says as he smiles back at Simon.
"I'm doing well myself… Here to pick up Julian from school after. Just picked up Scarlet from work, and it’s funny to see her complain." adds Simon.
“Yeah, I bet she’s pissed, but I got problems at home. So just tell her I said thanks and that I’ll pay back the favor.” Chris
Chris and Simon have been good friends since Simon first met Scarlet. They both have nothing in common, yet they respect each other, knowing one another's dissimilarity. Chris has always been a great friend to Scarlet, making him a trustworthy person in Simon's eyes.
“Yeah, no worries, I’m sure she understands anyways. How’s your wife and kid doing by th-” Simon’s question is interrupted as he feels a bump
“Penny? She’s just got in a car accident, so that’s why I had to head home early. Her legs are dislocated. Right now, I’m picking up Lucas so he can go and visit-" Chris’s story is then interrupted by rapid footsteps coming from nowhere as they both turn back their heads.
"Right, here comes my little buddy! Lucas!" Chris calls out with a gaping smile on his face as he kneels down, extending his arms forward.
"Daddy!” Lucas runs forward as he sees his father reaching out his arms.
They both collide as Lucas is then embraced by his father, causing both of them to drift backward. Simon looks down at both of them with a warm smile on his face.
“Lucas, say hello to uncle Simon!” Chris says to his son as he points at Simon, shifting Lucas’s attention to the figure standing before them.
“Oh! Hey, uncle Simon!” Lucas waves at Simon, who seems to beam a broad smile upon the child.
“Hey, Lucas!” Simon asks Lucas as he stations palm in front of the boy with a smile on his face. Lucas bounces upwards and gives Simon a high-five
“Hi, Uncle Simon! How are you doing?” Lucas speaks up in a high-pitched tone.
“Oh? I’m doing quite well myself, thank you!” Simon replies with a vibrant tone while patting the boy’s head.
“Gotta get going now. Goodbye! Tell Scarlet I said my thanks!” Chris says to Simon before escaping away with his son.
Right after Chris leaves, out comes Julian. A smile lights up on his face as he sees his son running towards him. Simon kneels and opens his arms wide in anticipation of the collision. Simon then wraps his arms around Julian as soon as he feels the impact.
"Hey, kiddo! How was school today?" Simon asks Julian while rubbing his head.
"I got in a bit of trouble today..." Julian says as his eyes are then met with the concrete floor. 
"Why? What did you do?" asks Simon.
"I got punished for having a bit of a scuffle with Samuel. He started it first, though." Julian replies as his cheeks turn a light rosy shade. Bearing a smile, Simon pulls his son away further as he looks into his eyes. 
"Well, I think you should not be engaged in fights no matter how it started." Simon says back before noticing Julian’s face as tears well up in his eyes. He decides to change the subject at hand.
"You wanna see mommy? She's in the car." Simon asks while standing up straight. He guides Julian’s hand to follow his direction before hearing footsteps coming from behind, which causes Simon to take a full one-eighty whirl.
“Hello! You must be Mr. Waltson, Julian’s father. My name is Mrs. Monroe, Julian’s teacher.”
“... Ah, yes. Hello, how may I help you?” Simon questions the lady standing before him and his son.
“Are you aware of the dispute that took place between Julian and one other student today?” The teacher asks Simon while looking straight into his eyes.
“Yes, I am aware of that, and I apologize. I will have a talk with him as soon as we get home.” Simon replies while still maintaining eye contact.
“Well… that problem, you will have to worry about it later. The parents want to see you.” Monroe breaks the news as she points her finger at her office where the parents sit. Simon turns over to the direction of the pointed finger and lets out a light sigh before guiding his glance back over to Julian.
“Julian, how about you go back to the car with mom and wait for me, okay? It will be quick.” Simon says to Julian as he bears a smile on his face.
“But I want to know what happens. Plus, it wasn’t my fault. He started it.” Julian replies back while he stands firm in front of the two adults. Witnessing Julian’s stubbornness, Simon smirks at his son as he reaches out his hand
“Come on. Let’s go inside.” 
Julian’s face illuminates as his eyes start glistening like stars in the sky. He brings forward his hand and plants it in his father’s larger plam. The duo turns around and stomps their way into the main entrance. 
With one step away from the office door, Simon reaches over to the handle and pulls it open, revealing the sight of Samuel and his parents. The three turn swirls their head in the direction of the entrance to see Simon standing with his son.
“I am his father. I heard you wanted to see me.” Simon announces, making their way to their seats across from the opposing family.
Seeing no one around her, Scarlet springs wide open her eyes as she shoots up from her seat. Her heart skips several beats, followed by a continuous chain of heavy breathing. Scarlet eventually places one of her hands on her chest and lets out a long deep breath. Glancing over to her left, Scarlet picks up her phone in the cup holder and pushes the power button on the side. She clicks her tongue while trying to unbuckle her seatbelt. Her hand pulls the door handle while punting the door open. With one leg as leverage, Scarlet drags her body out of the car and lands on her other leg. 
“Mommy!” A sharp scream comes from across, causing Scarlet to pull her head up. Encountering a running child coming towards her, Scarlet kneels and spreads wide open both her arms. With a gaping smile, Scarlet withstands the collision as her son lunges his body into hers. She wraps her arms around the boy and gradually pulls him away before planting a peck on his forehead. She picks Julian up and bears him in her arms. After putting her child down, Scarlet stands straight up.
"Salute!" Scarlet suddenly shouts out.
"Salute!" Julian follows.
"Give me a report in class!" 
"Yes, ma'am!"
"Overall experience!"
"Not bad, ma'am!"
"Any trouble?"
"There was a dispute in class, which I did not initiate!"
"Who started it?"
"It was the opponent!"
“You shall be punished as according!”
Scarlet proceeds to poke her fingers at Julian’s stomach, causing a chortle out of Julian as he tries to fend off his mother. After a minute or an hour for the tickled, Simon walks up to them with a beaming glee.
"You guys still doing your ritual?" He asks.
"You should join us." Scarlet replies while turning her gaze upon her husband.
"No, thank you…" Simon mutters before making his way inside the driver’s seat of the vehicle and roars up the engine
“I guess you had a talk with the parents in there, huh? You should’ve let me know so I can give them a piece of my mind, ya know?” Says Scarlet.
“Well, the situation has been well taken care of, so it’s not a big deal anymore.” Replies Simon as he paces towards the car.
“Let’s go.” Scarlet whispers to Julian and proceeds to pick him up from the ground, after she hears a beep coming from the vehicle.
They hurriedly march their way beside the door and pulls it open. Scarlet wiggles her way into the passenger seat while still holding Julian in her arms, which he then crawls to the back as the vehicle starts moving in reverse out of the parking lot.
“Careful there, Julian.” Simon says to Julian as he steps on the gas pedal.
“Julian, we’re gonna have ice cream for dessert today… right, Simon?” Julian rolls her pupils upwards, not receiving any response from Simon. Letting out a long sigh from the depth of his heart, Simon looks over to the mother-and-son duo, who continues gazing at him.
“Alright. We can stop by the grocery store.” Simon mutters as he proceeds to drive forward to their next destination 
Like the ocean, the sky shines blue upon the highway of Laughingdale. On the side of the sideway stand rows of blocky buildings, covering the views of the horizon. Simon stares at the yellow and blue shaded horizon as he has his hands on the steering wheel. He focuses his gaze on the smooth road before shifting his attention to the rearview mirror, projecting the sight of a slumped over Julian, snoring vociferously in the backseat. Reaching the end of the highway, Simon relaxes his gaze. He then alters his sight upon his wife, sinking her head deep into the pillow as her mouth gapes wide open. For a moment, Simon finds himself locking his stare upon her face. He finally breaks away from the moment and turns his head back on the road before he jerks the steering wheel to the right, witnessing a vehicle close to ramming in his.
Scarlet shoots her eyes wide open as her head jots over to the side window. Rubbing her head, Scarlet sits up straight before shouting out.
“Ah- Simon? What happened?” Scarlet exclaims before turning her head over to the direction of her husband, who seems to be taking heavy breaths. Droplets of sweat start to become visible to the eye as one of them rolls down upon his chin. 
“Sorry… I did not see the car coming from the opposite side… That was close.” Simon says while adjusting himself as he exhales. 
“Are you okay? You seem tired. I’ll drive.” Unbuckling her seatbelt, Scarlet opens the door before she feels a hand placing on hers.
Scarlet sways her head to meet her husband’s eyes.
“Let me drive.” Words barely manage to escape her voice as she is then stopped by a pair of lips being planted on hers.
After a moment has passed, Simon pulls away from the kiss and continues locking his gaze against Scarlet while his face bears a smirk.
“We almost got ran over. I don’t think this is appropriate behavior from you.” Says Scarlet as she sinks deep into her seat, buckling up her seatbelt.
Simon lets out a small chuckle and returns to his original position before resting his foot on the gas pedal.
“I’m really fine.” Simon says before applying pressure to the pedal, causing the vehicle to continue forward on the road.
After ten minutes have passed, Simon pulls over in front of another store, smaller than the last one. He pushes open the door and steps out of the car before dashing into the main entrance of the store. As soon as he enters, Simon encounters an ice cream freezer beside him and proceeds to slide open the cover. He reaches his hand in and grabs three tubs of three different flavors of ice cream, including chocolate, strawberry, and matcha. The ice cream picking session ends as Simon quickly makes his way over to the cash register.
“That will be seventeen dollars and ninety-eight cents.” The cashier informs Simon of the amount of money as the beeping noise stops.
Simon pulls out his wallet, which then he takes out his credit card and hands it over to the cashier in front of him.
“You can just leave it there.” The voice of the cashier leads Simon to look back at him.
Simon jots his pupils over to his right side, and raises his eyebrows to the sight of a familiar face, figure, and cap. 
“Alright, thank you, sir. Please come again!” Speaks up the cashier as he places the bag of ice cream tubs on the table.
Simon snaps out of his thoughts and reaches his hands forward to grab the grocery bag. Noticing the stranger’s glare upon him, Simon sends back his stare.
“How may I help you, sir?” The man finally speaks up as he reaches inside his bag of coins.
“Oh, no. Go ahead and make your purchase.” Simon says before walking away from the man as he gives the cashier a nod.
The door slides open, revealing the sight of Simon as he walks towards the car while dragging around a large bag of groceries. Scarlet continues staring at her husband as he points his finger to the backside of the car, which then she proceeds to reach over to the driver’s side and pushes open the trunk.
After a moment of continuous crinkles of plastic bags, the noise finally stops as the driver’s side door swings open.
“What flavors did you get?” Scarlet asks her husband, who seems to be having a hard time fixing his hair.
“Uhh… Oh, yeah. Matcha, Strawberry, and Chocolate. I bought them in tubs, too so you could stuff your face.” Simon replies.
“Whatever. Thanks!” Scarlet exclaims as she pulls the seatbelt across her body.
After having their seatbelt buckled up, Simon roars up the engine and slams his foot on the gas pedal.
______________________________________________________________________________
Pulling up in front of a house, Simon unbuckles his seatbelt and looks over to right, to find his wife still sleeping. Hovering his hand over her face, Simon pinches her nose, causing her to instantly springs her body up from her seat as she lets out a momentarily scream.
“Wakey wakey!” Simon’s voice fills the then silent car.
“Huh? Are we home?” Rubbing his eye, Julian asks up.
“Ugh… did you have to do that?” Scarlet groans as she keeps rubbing her nose.
"Home sweet home…" Simon whispers out.
Simon presses the button, which activates the opening of the car trunk. He opens the door and steps out before making his way around to the back of the vehicle. The trunk opens up; Simon grabs the three bags and pulls it towards him, letting the bags drop due to the weight of the content inside.
“You need help with that?” Scarlet asks Simon.
“Yeah actually, can you carry the bag of ice cream?” Asks Simon as he hands Scarlet the white back of ice cream.
After receiving the bag, Scarlet instantly spreads the bag while bearing the weight. Her jaws drop to the sight of ice cream shining back at her face.
“Wow…” Scarlet blurts out.
“You’d better not finish that in a day, or you’ll be left with no ice cream for a whole two weeks. I’m warning you.” Says Simon as opens the backseat door before reaching in and pulling Julian out of the car.
“Okay, mom!” Scarlet exclaims, and proceeds to march across the walkway to the house in the front yard.
Scoffing at Scarlet’s tantrum, Simon takes hold of Julian’s hands and guides him across the walkway to the front door. He reaches inside his pocket and pulls out a set of keys, which he then inserts into the lock on the door knob. 
The key hole turns; the door swings open, revealing a moonlight illuminated living room, tainted by three shadows standing before the projection. 
Simon guides his finger tips to the right and flips on the switch. The three shadows disappeared along with the shining moonlight as the white light source shines down from above on the ceiling. 
Placing down the grocery bags, Scarlet sits at the hallway and unoccupies her feet from her combat boots as she places them up the rack, which is stuck to the right side of the wall. She then kneels down once more and slides Julian’s feet off his shoes and stacks them on the rack at the located at the bottom.
Scarlet proceeds to pick up the bags and makes her way straight to behind the sofa before rotating her body to the left as she walks right pass the hall, leading to kitchen. Simon stops for a moment before he drags his legs over to the opposite direction to his workspace.
“Simon! Could you please help me stack the groceries!” Shouts Scarlet, causing Simon to turn his head over to the kitchen.
“Okay! Just give me a sec!” Simon replies before turning around and proceeding straight into the kitchen, where he sees Scarlet storing vegetables in the refrigerator.
Simon then grabs the three different types of proteins and place then side by side. He stares at the three for a moment before picking up the package of beef and placing it in the freezer.
“Well, we are having fish tonight.” Simon’s voice rings up the kitchen, which makes Scarlet flinch.
“Jeez, that scared me. What kind of fish?” Scarlet asks.
“Halibut.” Simon replies.
“How are you gonna cook it? Are we going to have deep-fried halibut?”
“Pan seared with a lemon butter sauce on top. And I’m making a lot of chicken soup for tonight, then we can have it tomorrow for breakfast as leftovers.” Simon answers.
“Could we have some rice to go with the fish?” Asks Scarlet.
Simon stands up with three filets in his hand, and proceeds to place them on top of the kitchen counter.
“Of course! Just eating the fish alone wouldn’t be filling anyways, so rice would be nice.” Says Simon as he continues with ripping open the packaging of the fish.
“That’s true. You know my appetite well.” Scarlet replies.
“Oh, could you pass me the stick of butter, one lemon, and the bottle of lemon juice from the refrigerator?” Simon requests.
As soon as Simon finishes his question, he ducks down beneath the kitchen sink and pulls the cupboard open as he reaches over to the right. He reaches inside the cupboard and pulls out two pans and lays then upon the kitchen stove. One stick of butter and one lemon appears on the counter as Simon turns his head to the opposite direction. 
“Thanks, honey!” Simon exclaims as he grabs hold of the two ingredients on placing them on the opposing side of the kitchen.
“I’m going to shower now!” Scarlet speaks up while putting away all the bags inside the cupboard under the counter.
“Alright.” Simon replies before giving his with a peck on her lips before she continues making her way to the living room before walking up the stairs which leads to their room at the end of the hallway.
______________________________________________________________________________
"Julian! Time to shower!" Scarlet's voice is heard throughout the house from upstairs.
“Yes, mom!” Shouts Julian as he dashes up the stairs. 
A bang can be heard from the staircase as Julian misses his footing.
"Woah, there! Careful, buddy!" Simon speaks up from inside the kitchen.
______________________________________________________________________________
After five minutes of showering, steam shooting out from the washroom as Scarlet pushes the door wide open. She walks over to her cupboard while rubbing her head with the towel she had on her hands. She unwraps her body towel and grabs one set of her blue floral pajama. She grabs a set of golden silk pajamas and returns to the washroom before patting Julian with a towel.
“Mom, what are we having for dinner today?” Julian asks his mother as he gets dressed up.
“We’re having fish today. Your dad is cooking up some good food for tonight, so we’re eating good!” Scarlet says before she finishes up getting Julian dressed.
“Looks good?” Scarlet asks once more to which, Julian replies with a nod.
“Thanks, mommy!” Julian exclaims.
______________________________________________________________________________
Julian and Scarlet make their way down to the living room and continues to the kitchen, following the robust scent of butter along with the rosemary. Sounds of rumbling fill the whole kitchen as they as are instantly met with the sight of pearly white halibut, glazed on with the contract color of yellow, along with the colorful palette of salad on the side. Looking on their right, they see a bowl filled with white rice, which makes fills their mouths with saliva. As soon as Simon places down the third plate on the glass dining table, the gluttonous duo plants their butts down onto their seats and proceeds to grab their sets of cutleries laid upon the table.
“Calm down, guys. You want some chicken soup to go along with your fish?” Simon asks before he flinches as he flinches to the sight Scarlet’s glare.
“I will go fetch that right away.” A long sigh creeps its way to the end of his sentence as Simon drags his feet over to the kitchen before taking out two small bowls out of the cupboard after opening.
“Julian, you want some soup as well?” Once again, Simon’s question is met by the same stare as before.
Catching the sign, Simon grabs another set of bowls. He submerges the ladle deep down the pot of soup and pulls up a scoop of crystal-clear soup before filling up one of the bowls. He repeats with the second bowl before placing both on a tray. Simon picks up the tray and makes his way over to the dining table before placing the next to Scarlet’s and Julian’s plates.
"Honey! since it's Friday tomorrow, why don't we all eat out for dinner after I finish my work?" Scarlet speaks up with a room-filling voice as she takes another bite from her metal fork.
"Sure! Where shall we go?" Asks Simon.
"I’m thinking we should get some pizza? I’ve been craving it for days now.” Scarlet replies
“That doesn’t sound healthy, but sure! What do you think, Julian?” Simon says before turning his gaze over to their son.
“We’ll order your favorite mozzarella sticks. What do you say?” Scarlet says as she taps her elbow on Julian’s arm.
“Okay, mom!” Shouts Julian
“You and your bribery…” Simon mutters under his breath before continuing his meal.
“We got a majority vote here, so it’s decided!” Scarlet says mockingly.
After they finishing their meals, Simon walks over to the freezer beside their refrigerator and pulls out three tubs; each tub is filled with specific flavors of ice cream. Simon takes out three small bowls, along with three small spoons before pulling open the lid. Simon takes out an ice cream scoop and digs into the strawberry flavored ice cream. After a moment of scraping the ice cream, a ball of pink is formed, which it then lands gracefully into the bowl before another one joins in. The process repeats as Simon continues on with the tub of dark-brown chocolate ice cream. Moving on to the final tub, Simon opens the lid, revealing a green tea color. Simon then scoops out one scoop and wiggles it into the bowl. Throwing the spoon inside the sink, Simon puts the three lids back on each tub before stacking them back up in the freezer.
Simon walks back and grabs two bowls in his hand before placing them on the dining table.
“Strawberry! For Julian.” Simon states as he leaves the bowl before Julian.
“Thanks, daddy!”
“This one is for mommy. Enjoy!” Simon says while placing the bowl of chocolate ice cream in front of Scarlet.
“Thank you!”
____________________________________________________________________________
After stacking up the dish rack, each area of the kitchen is smeared with soap water as Simon wipes from the sink, to the kitchen counter. He picks up the broom and sweeps across the wooden floor. A train of thoughts flashes though Simon’s head as he stands still in the middle of the kitchen. A smile appears on his lips as he snaps out of the moment. 
After finishing his chores, Simon proceeds to flip off the switch on the kitchen table. The whole area turns dim as the only light source is now coming from the living room. Simon turns over to the living room before reaching his hand over to turn off the light switch in the living room, which connects with his work area. He pans his eyes around the whole area as it flickers from bright to pitch black.
Turning back to the kitchen area, Simon feels light-headed as he falls onto the ground. He puts his hand on his left cheek. He feels a sharp pain running through his cheekbone; as Simon push his body to stand up, his breath gets cut short. His stomach gets lunged into the back, which causes him to roll over. He opens his eyes and sees a shadowy figure standing before him. An impact erupts inside Simon’s head. His heartbeat drops. His visions starts to disappear. The darkness now turns to blackness. 







Chapter 1.2:
CONFRONTATION
“Do not make a sound.”
Simon creaks open his eyes. He feels his head beating along with the ache throughout his body. Darting his eyes back and forth, Simon suddenly comes to a realization of being tied down on a chair with ropes surround in his legs and torso.
“Ah! I see that you have woken up.” A deep voice calls out from the dark.
Simon turns his head towards the voice before knowing he has two options. Simon then relaxes his posture and faces the person standing before him.
“Alright, what do you want from me?” Simon asks quietly
“Smart choice, Simon… that, you do not need to know.” A deep voice rings through his ears as the intruder answers him back.
“It seems that you know who I am. How?” Simon asks another question
“Take a guess…”
“Have you been following me?” Simon says while clenching his teeth.
“Yes, and I’m surprised you actually found yourself a good family. Do not worry, I’m not going to kill you just yet. I’m going leave you to suffer as long as you live. Just like what you did to me…” The culprit says with a smirk.
“Who are you? I think you may have gotten the wrong person.” Simon asks
“Oh, no! I know you. I know you well. You still remember me, right?” The person’s voice gets louder as he speaks.
Simon a cut in his neck as the knife gets push further in.
“Shit…” Simon lets out a curse as he flinches.
“Don’t get on my nerve. My target might not be your family but they might soon be if you keep this up. Don’t you recall what you did to me in the past? Just think of it makes me want to…”
The man pulls away the knife from Simon’s neck. He uses his left hand to grab hold of Simon’s neck. Drawing the knife close to his chest, blood starts dripping from Simon’s chest as a slit has been created. While Simon lets out a grunt, the man grips his neck tighter.
“Shit…” Simon lets out a mutter.
The man then lets go of Simon’s throat and pull himself away from the chair. 
“Do not worry. You will find out soon, the consequences of your actions. And soon, your close ones will suffer the same fate as one another, especially your beloved wife and son. They will co-exist along you in hell.” The man says while looking down upon the 
Simon’s eyes suddenly turn bloodshot red while his fists are shaking in the chair. His loud breaths can be heard from outside.
“Do you remember-”
The intruder cries out in pain as he is sent to the ground. Simon slides his hands from the knot before turning on the light. The brightness of the light shines down to upon the man’s face, which he now covers with his hand. Simon walks towards the intruder on the ground and proceeds and arms himself with the weapon.
“Wow, you need to work on your knot ties.” Simon says as he brushes the edge of the knife.
The man finally removes his palm from his mouth, revealing a stream blood rolling down from his nose.
“Suffer? You want me to suffer?” Simon says before letting out a small chuckle
“You see... there must be a reason I did not recognize you right? That means that you are an irrelevant piece of putrid garbage to me. And I must get rid of it.” Simon continues on as he stares deep into the man’s eyes.
 Pinning him to the cold, hard ground, Simon’s breath gets heavier and heavier while smiling from ear to ear. His scarlet eyes staring straight into one’s soul. A gulp can be heard as the intruder lays flat on the ground.
“You’ve made a big mistake. You set foot in the wrong house; you’re messing with the wrong guy.” Simon adds before raising the knife up above his eye level.
Simon turns the knife around to the blunt part and proceeds hammer down on the intruder’s fingers, causing him to scream in pain, but he uses a piece of cloth to wrap around his mouth, causing him to bite on it instead. His sadistic smile comes on again as he grabs hold of the intruder’s face; he picks up the knife and swings it across his neck only to stop at the point of contact, which causes drops of blood to run from the wound down to Simon’s as he catches the droplet of blood with his palm. The intruder’s face is now as white as snow.
“Now… why are you here? I’m giving you a chance to spit it out.” Simon says.
The intruder is pinned to the floor with no weapons and a knife pointing to his throat. He hesitates for a moment, then flinches for a bit as he starts to feel the blade moving in horizontally towards his neck. Blood is now pouring out of his neck as Simon uses a towel to catch the dripping blood. The silence continues to fill the room as the intruder continues to keep his mouth shut.
“You persistent bitch…”
Simon continues the torture by snapping the intruder’s pinky finger in half like a baby carrot. The intruder lets out a scream, only to be muffled by the cloth in his mouth.
“Are you willing to talk now?”
The intruder continues to keep his mouth shut.
“Shit… there’s nothing I can do, can I? ”
“Looks like I’ll be keeping you here for a while… I hope you feel at home.”
Simon looks at him one last time before striking his head with the but of the knife, causing the intruder to fall unconscious. After the whole fight between the two, Simon comes on top as he takes a rope to tie the intruder’s arms and legs.
Simon drags the body across his work area, where there, a bookshelf lies. He leans the body against the wall and pushes the bookshelf way to the left, revealing a set of stairs going straight down to what seems like a bottomless, dark pit. As he steps down the stairs, the bookshelf behind him starts to close up, leaving nothing but darkness. Simon reaches over to turn on the switch causing the lights to illuminate, revealing an enormous basement.
Simon drags the body and ties it against a chair. After he finishes, he leaves the body, goes upstairs for a cold shower, and finally proceeds to head into bed next to his wife and sleeps peacefully until sunrise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Chapter 2.1:
WEEKEND
Morning comes; Scarlet wakes up with a huge yawn. She happily walks over to the washroom to brush her teeth and gets herself ready for another day of work as she looks forward to tonight’s dinner. Her face lights up while looking in the mirror as Scarlet applies on some light makeup and styles her messy hair. As she takes her purse from the cupboard, she comes to a sudden realization that she hasn’t seen Simon all morning. There is no sound coming from downstairs, causing her to assume that Simon is not home.
“Simon? Are you home?” Her curiosity begs her to ask up.
The continuous silence is the answer to her question.
“guess he’s driving Julian to school…”
Scarlet proceeds with her daily morning routine and walks downstairs. Upon arriving at the doorstep, Scarlet puts on her socks and combat boots; she likes combat boots because she considers them fashionable. She opens the door, walks outside, and closes the door behind her, locking it in the process.
She turns around, not expecting to see Simon waiting for her in front. Her face gleams with a bright smile as she runs over to the parked car. Suddenly, a red car speeds up and almost runs into Scarlet, barely scraping her in the arm. As Simon witnesses this, he opens the door and runs over to Scarlet, to her back.
“Are you okay, Honey? Are you hurt anywhere?” Simon asks as he checks on Scarlet, looking for an injured spot.
“Yeah, I’m okay… Jesus Christ, what a dumbass!”
“Let’s head into the car; you’ll be late for work.”
“Yeah, alright.”
On the way to work, Scarlet realizes she forgot her wallet at home.
“Ah crap! I forgot to bring my wallet!”
“Don’t worry about it. I’ll bring it to your workplace afterward.”
“Yeah, thanks, hun! If you have your stuff to do, then I’ll tell Chris to bring it.”
“Nah, you don’t have to bother Chris. He’s been through some stuff yesterday.”
“Oh, okay! My purse is on the makeup desk, by the way. I remember that’s where I put it before applying my makeup.”
They arrive at Scarlet’s workplace
“Bye! Don’t forget our plans for tonight!”
“Alright, bye, Honey! Have a great day at work!” Simon teases
They give each other a peck on the lips and wave their goodbyes. They both flash each other a smile as Simon witnesses Scarlet walking into the building and drives out of the parking.
When Simon arrives home, he opens the door to the inside and immediately heads upstairs to grab the wallet. He reaches over to close the window that was left wide open.
His face turns pale as his body stiffens up. His fists are now shaking, and his eyes turn red out of panic. He runs downstairs in a flash and into his workspace, where he then pushes the bookshelf to the side.
He stumbles down the stairs only to see an empty chair.
The intruder is gone.
“Shit… don’t tell me.”
He runs over to check the security camera on the computer.
He bangs his fist on the table, then proceeds to jolt out the door. He climbs into his car and starts the engine. He slams his foot on the accelerator, causing the vehicle to drift all over the place.
On his way to Scarlet’s workplace, Simon searches through his phone for Chris’s contact and calls him.
“Hey Chris, is Scarlet there? Tell her I got her wallet, and I’ll bring it up. Alright, thanks!”
As soon as he arrives in front of the building, Simon dashes out of his car and runs inside. Simon then runs straight up the stairs as her office is located on the 2nd floor, so taking the elevator would take too much time.
Scarlet finishes washing her hand beside the sink, and she heads out of the washroom and heads to her office. On the way, she greets a janitor by the exit stairway, who then follows her. Hearing footsteps behind her, Scarlet speeds up, but the footsteps only become faster and louder.
Scarlet looks back to see a hand reaching out to grab her shoulder, and she is taken aback when she sees Simon holding her wallet. She lets out a massive sigh of relief.
“What the heck? You almost made me have a heart attack.”
“Did I scare ya?” Simon asks light-heartedly.
“Anyway, here’s your wallet! Have fun at work!” Simon hands over Scarlet her wallet.
Scarlet takes the wallet while bearing a stern face.
As soon as he sees Scarlet head into her office, he immediately sprints to where the exit stairway is, only to see that the intruder is gone.
“Shit! He’s gone again.” Simon grits his teeth in anger.






Chapter 2.2:
RED
It is now time to leave work. Scarlet finishes packing her bag, and as she stands up to open the door, she feels a slight eeriness down the hallway. Scarlet walks straight to the elevator while trying to ignore these feelings. She finally reaches the ground floor and starts walking towards the main door. She can’t help but feel that someone is watching her every move, which sends chills down her spine.
“I must be tired today…”
She suddenly feels a hand grabbing her arm and pulling in the opposite direction. Scarlet pulls back out of surprise and turns around to see who it is. She sees no one.
“What is wrong with me today?” She whispers to herself.
 She walks out the door, anticipating the sight of her husband waiting for her. Her face lights up as she sees Simon standing beside their car, waving his hand at her. Scarlet waves back at Simon as she walks over to give him a kiss. She notices a bruise on Simon’s face in the process.
“What happened? What’s with the bruise on your face?”
“Ah, I kinda tripped and fell.” Simon says while scratching the back of his head.
“I’m fine, though…”
“Clumsy Simon, be careful next time.”
Simon laughs as he opens the door for Scarlet to get in. He runs over to the other side to open the driver’s side door. He glances at the building, and suddenly, he has a petrified expression on his face. Scarlet notices Simon’s strange behaviour and looks over in the same direction but sees nothing.
“Honey? What’s the problem?”
“Uh… nothing. ”
“I just thought I saw someone familiar.”
Simon gets into the car and continues to drive forward.
“Should we go pick up Julian now?”
“It is still early, but we can wait there.”
During the whole drive, Scarlet keeps looking over to Simon, who seems to be distraught. Ever since Scarlet has met Simon, she has never seen him in that state, which makes her wonder what could be so shocking that has caused Simon to act out of “character”. Her thoughts get cut off by the impact of the car stopping abruptly. She looks up to see a vehicle in front, and she looks over to Simon.
“Simon! What the hell!”
“Sorry about that. I don’t know what’s wrong with me today.”
“Are you not feeling well today? I can drive instead.” Scarlet asks.
“Oh, no… it’s alright.” Simon lets out a deep breath.
They continue to drive their way home. During the drive, Scarlet keeps glancing over at Simon out of concern. To break the awkward atmosphere, Scarlet starts up a conversation.
“Hey, Simon? So, after dinner, should we go somewhere… you know? Like, to have fun?”
Simon looks over in confusion. Scarlet continues.
“I mean, we’ve been busy all week so, I think you, me, and Julian should go somewhere and relieve our stress, like the amusement park or something.”
Not sure how to respond to Scarlet’s request, Simon agrees.
“Okay, honey!”
“By the way, when you came to my office, why didn’t you take the elevator?” Scarlet asks.
“Oh! Yeah, your office is on the second floor,  so I might as well take the stairs.”
“Ahh, I see…”
“Honey, why don’t we invite Chris and his family over for dinner someday?”
“That sounds like a great idea.”
“How’s he doing nowadays? How’s Penny holding up?”
“Oh, I heard she’s recovering fast, so that’s good news.”
After their conversation ends, they arrive at the school. After 10 minutes pass, Julian runs out and sees his father standing with open arms and runs over to give him a big hug.
“How was school?” Simon asks.
“It was good. Better than yesterday.”
“Did you make up with Sam?”
“Yeah, we’re friends now.”
“That’s my boy!”
Simon smiles as he picks Julian up with his arm. He brings Julian over to the car, opens the door, and places him in the backseat.
“We’re having pizza tonight!” Scarlet brings up the subject with excitement in her voice.
“Are you excited, Julian? We get to eat pizza tonight!”
“Yeah, mom! Don’t forget you promised to order the mozzarella sticks!”
“Okay, okay… ”
“Let’s go home now. We have to shower before we go.”
“Aww… can’t we go eat before we shower?”
“Well, we don’t want to stink up the whole place. Let’s go home first.”
When they arrive home, Scarlet immediately takes Julian upstairs to shower. Once they are both done, Simon steps into the shower while Scarlet applies her makeup and dresses Julian. Scarlet puts on a red shirt, a pair of jeans, and high-top boots.  Simon finishes taking a shower and puts on his dress shirt and dress pants while Scarlet excitedly waits downstairs.
“Alright, let’s head out!”
They all put on their shoes and leave the house.
Fifteen minutes later, they arrive at the pizza restaurant where they made a reservation. This restaurant looks rather fancy for a pizza place. Upon walking over to their reserved table, out of the corner of his eye, Simon spots a familiar figure. It is the same person that he saw in front of Scarlet’s workplace. Who was this person? Why does he seem so familiar? Simon can’t keep his eyes away from the stranger even when sitting down. Scarlet notices Simon’s expression and snaps him out of his thoughts.
“Simon! Aren’t you going to sit?”
“Oh… yeah.”
“What are you looking at?” Scarlet turns over to look in the direction Simon was focusing on
“Oh, no. I just thought I saw someone familiar.” Simon laughs nervously.
Suddenly, it dawns on him. The person Simon saw was one that he was all too familiar with.
Simon is now shaking in his seat. With his eyes widened. He immediately stands up and looks straight over to the person. His eyes are bloodshot red, his breath heavy, his body shaking. Scarlet, who witnesses this, is now shaking in fear. She attempts to distract their son by having him concentrating on something other than his father. Simon is now eyeing the stranger as if how a predator would watch their prey. His aura seems different. This man is not the husband that she knew and loved.
He suddenly leaps over the table in front of him and dashes to where the person is sitting. Simon slowly clenches up his fist when he immediately stops himself as he holds back his arm. He snaps out of his raging state, realizing the atmosphere he has created. He tries to think of an excuse for why he acted that way, and without a word, he walks straight into the washroom.
Meanwhile, Scarlet is sitting at their table, still contemplating what had happened. Simon has never acted this way before, making it even creepier when Scarlet looks over to the mysterious person. Just who was that person? She looks over to the strange man and tries to make out his appearance. The man has a tall and wide build. He has on a gray trench coat along with a  black hat. His face structure is long, with a sharp jawline. But the most noticeable thing about him is his purple pair of shoes.
Feeling uneasy, Scarlet goes inside to check on Simon.
“Julian, you stay here. Mommy will go check on Dad for a moment, okay?”
Then suddenly, the man grabbed Scarlet's wrist to stop her. Out of surprise, Scarlet pulls her hand back. She continues to stare at the strange man, still wondering who he is. Her face says it all;  she is worried about Simon.
“Let the kid breathe for a sec or two…”
The man’s deep voice sends shivers from her ear down to her spine.
“Who are you? Why is Simon acting this-” She asks.
“Shhhhh… quiet… get back to your seat. We don’t want any trouble here. ”
“If you want to know, then ask him yourself. ”
“Besides,” the man points over to Julian.
“You don’t want to go around worried about the other kid, too, do you?”
That struck a chord in Scarlet’s head. She stands still as her body can’t move an inch. The man suddenly stands up, making her flinch.
“Well then, it was a pleasure to meet your family. I will take my leave… Scarlet.”
The last word that leaves the man’s lips leaves Scarlet stunned.
“See ya, kid…” He waves Julian goodbye.
“Uhh… Bye…” Julian waves back, confused.
Simon finally comes out of the washroom with water on his face. His eyes glance over to Scarlet, who is standing still.
"Scarlet? Why are you standing there?”
“Wha-“
“Did you order anything yet, while I was gone?”
“Oh, no…. let’s take our orders.”
They both go back to sit at their table with Julian. Five minutes later, a waitress finally comes to their table to take orders.
“Alright. Hello, my name is Emily, and I will be your server tonight. What can I get for you guys tonight?”
Their dinner went on throughout the evening as if they had forgotten what just happened.
After they finish their dinner, their family outing continues with a drive to the amusement park. When they arrive, Julian immediately runs over to the bumper car section of the park.
Their night finally comes to an end as Simon drives his wife and son home.
“Did you all have fun today?” Simon asks.
“Yes!” both Scarlet and Julian shout out simultaneously.











Chapter 3.1:
WONDERLAND
Scarlet opens the door, getting ready for another day in the office. She lets out a huge sigh as she walks to the bus station. While waiting for the bus, she suddenly sees Simon standing across from where she sits. He is smiling at her.
But she feels uneasy. It’s not the smile that she is used to. She still waves back at Simon, who suddenly pulls out a knife and runs across the street. She freezes in place. Her body unable to move, she cannot run, she cannot scream; all she can do is watch, as her husband is about to stab her.
Scarlet pops up from her bed as she lets out a gasp. She then looks over to the window.
“Oh… it’s morning already.” She sits on her bed with a blank expression.
“And…. It’s Saturday today.”
The aroma of butter suddenly hits her nose, which then causes her stomach to rumble. Scarlet walks to the bathroom to take a nice warm shower and brushes her teeth. She puts on her slippers and runs down the stairs. Upon arriving downstairs, she sees Simon standing over the stove, cooking some steak and eggs while Julian is sitting at the table drinking his milk.
“Morning!” Scarlet speaks up
“Ah, morning, honey! Take a seat. Breakfast is nearly done.”
“Steak for breakfast?’
“Steak for breakfast.”
“Nice!”
Both Scarlet and Julian sit at the table holding their knife and fork, waiting to devour their breakfasts. As soon as Simon puts down their plates, Scarlet stabs the steak piece with her fork with violence and starts cutting it. Julian, on the other hand, has his steak cut beforehand.
“Do you both want some rice with that?”
“Yep!” both of them yell out in synchronization.
“Alright, alright… wait for a sec; I’ll bring out some rice. I also made some salad if you guys want some, too.”
“Yep! Sure!”
As soon as the gluttonous duo finish their meal, Simon starts eating his first piece of steak on his plate.
“Why do you always eat after we finish?” Scarlet asks in annoyance.
“Well… you guys eat like vacuum cleaners. How am I supposed to compete?” Simon scoffs.
“Vacuum cleaners?! Excuse me, but we never said this was a competition.” Scarlet fires back while tightly grabbing her fork.
“Yeah! That’s so mean, daddy!” Julian joins in on the battle.
“Yeah, but I’m not wrong, though. You guys finish your food before I even got the chance to start mine. So it’s just that you eat fast. It’s not my fault.”
“Whatever…”
“You want some coffee?” Simon offers.
“No, thank you! I’d rather not have any bowel movements in the morning.”
“Well, your loss then.”
After their contentious breakfast, Scarlet puts on her coat and heads out for a walk in the morning while Simon looks after Julian at home. On the way, she thinks back to last night’s dinner; she had never seen Simon getting so enraged in their fourteen years of marriage. He looked disturbing. All those thoughts came to a sudden end as she catches a glimpse of a feminine figure walking towards her while waving her hands. Scarlet takes a closer look to see the revelation of a person she has known and been familiar with for a long time. It is Alice, her long-time friend, who became a cop.
“Ayo! Wassup, girl!” Alice shouts out with glee as she runs up and gives Scarlet a big hug.
“Hey! How are you doing? I haven’t seen you for a, really, really long time now.” Scarlet asks.
“It’s been years, hasn’t it. I’m doing fine! It also seems like you’re doing good yourself!”
“What are you doing here in this neighbourhood?” Scarlet continues to question.
“Just got time off work, so I figure that I come looking for you.”
“Awww… I know a café nearby. Let’s sit down and have a chat, alright?”
The 5 minute-walk leads them to their destination; the café. Upon entering the café, Scarlet orders the drinks as Alice looks for a table for the both of them.
“Alice! What do you want?”
“I’ll take an Iced Americano, thank you!”
“But it’s freezing today. Shouldn’t you at least get something warm?”
“Nah! You know I don’t like hot drinks. Burns my tongue.”
“You and your weird preferences…” Scarlet says as she shakes her head in disbelief.
After finishing their order, Scarlet heads to their seat by the window and initiates a conversation.
“So… how’s work for you?”
“Well, same old stuff. Running around catching bad guys and all that crap. Got in trouble for almost breaking a guy’s arm.”
“He pulled a knife out on me, so I ain’t regret it.”
“You and that hot temper of yours… glad you’re still the same”
“What about you?” Alice reverts the questioning to her friend.
“hmm?”
“How’s your family?”
“They’re all doing great! Julian is doing well in school, and Simon’s just… Simon…”
“How come you don’t have anything to say about him? Did you guys fight?”
“Oh, no… Simon is just Simon. I mean, he’s never changed ever since I met him.”
“ He’s the perfect man. He has no issues, no conflicts, no flaws.”
“And you’re talking about it as if it’s a bad thing.”
“But you know what’s weird?”
Alice is now all ears.
“You know, yesterday, we ate out at a pizza restaurant for dinner, and then something weird happened, and I’ve never seen him act that way before…”
“What happened?”
“Well, when we were eating, a strange man was sitting across us. Simon saw him and freaking starts shaking. There was an odd feeling around him…”
“So what happened next?”
“He jumped over a freaking table!”
“What the hell?”
“I was surprised. I literally witnessed Simon walking towards that guy and raised his fist.”
“What, he punched him or something?”
“No, he just walked into the washroom.”
“wut…” Alice stares at Scarlet blankly.
“He just stood up to go into the washroom because he needs to piss…”
“I guess so… guess I was overthinking it.”
“Yeah, girl. It’s not that serious if a man needs to piss.”
“Anyways,” Alice changes the subject.
“How’s Chris? Still working with you? ”
“You still haven’t contacted him yet?”
“No, I didn’t even have time to visit you. Why would I contact him?”
“Well, if you have time, then come over to his house for dinner tomorrow. He invited my family, so I might as well invite you.”
“Nah, it’s weird to show up uninvited.”
“It’ll be fine! He’ll be glad to see you!”
“Alright! I’ll tag along then.”
Their conversation continues for hours as they take a trip down memory lane. After their conversation end, they wave  each other goodbyes as they part ways. On her way home, Scarlet has a massive smile on her face as she is glad to finally reconnect with her long-time friend. It feels great to share stories and problems with an old friend except, she did not mention how she confronted the strange man.
Scarlet walks back home to see Simon fooling around with Julian, which puts a smile on her face once more. She hangs her coat on the hanger and walks towards the living room where Simon and Julian are playing. She proceeds to lie on the sofa and turns on the TV.
“Hey- Honey! How’s your- morning- walk?” Julian then attacks his dad with a pillow as Simon tries to gasp for a breath of air.
“Yeah. Met with Alice on the way.”
“Oh! How is she-?” another pillow is sent flying towards Simon’s face.
“She’s doing better than I expected. We sat down and talked at a café.”
“Café? I thought you didn’t want any coffee.”
“A café does not sell only coffee, you bonehead. Julian, give mommy that pillow.”
Scarlet then throws the pillow at Simon, which lands directly in his face. Simon climbs onto the sofa and cuddles with his wife.
“What do you think we should have for dinner tonight? ”
“Do you want dumplings for dinner?”
“Yeah, alright! Dumplings for dinner sounds dope!”
“Scarlet, you’re too old to be using those words. ”
“Alright! Dumpling it is…”
 
CHAPTER 3.2:
LOST AND FOUND
Sunday evening has come. Scarlet and her family are getting ready for tonight’s dinner, and it’s chaotic.
“Simon, should we bring Chris and his family any gifts?”
“Uhh… yeah, we should get them some wine and stuff.”
“That’s too basic- Julian! Come put on your socks!”
“It’s dinner. Wine should be perfect.”
“Here! Mommy will put on your socks for you.”
“Should we get some beer, too?”
“It’s family dinner, not a party- Julian! Give mommy the purse! I forgot to tell you that Alice will join us.”
“So should we pick her up?”
“Yeah.”
“Alright. Does Chris know she’s coming?”
“Nah! But it’ll be a surprise.”
“Alright! Let’s go!”
“Julian! We’re leaving!”
“Coming!”
They go downstairs to put on their shoes before leaving the house. Simon starts up the car and drives forward.
“So, do you know her address?”
“Who?”
“Alice. Yeah. I’ll tell you on the way.”
After 10 minutes of receiving directions, Simon pulls over to a fancy house with a large front yard, and outcomes Alice waving her hand.
“Alice! Get in the car!” shouts Scarlet.
“Alright, alright! Calm down, girl! Hey Simon!”
“Wassup? You ready to go?”
As soon as Alice plants her butt down on the backseat, Simon immediately steps on the pedal. They arrive 10 minutes later at Chris’s home and are greeted by the host himself. Simon parks the car in front as they walk over to Chris, standing at the door.
“Heyyyy, guys! Welcome!”
Chris notices a woman standing behind Scarlet, and she turns out to be Alice.
“Yo, Chris! Mah man!”
“Sup, Alice! How did you know that we are having dinner?”
“I met her yesterday and invited her to your dinner. Sorry for not letting you know.”
“No worries! It was a pleasant surprise.”
“How’s your wife doing?” Simon asks
“Well, she’s recovered from her injuries, and she’s as bubbly as ever.”
“Well, that’s good to hear.”
“What happened to Jenny?” Alice asks out of surprise.
“Let’s go inside, and then we can catch up with each other, alright?”
Upon entering the house, they see Lucas running up to them.
“Hey, there, Lucas!” Simon greets Chris’s son.
“Hey, uncle Simon and auntie Scarlet!”
“Hey there, kiddo!”
“Uhh… ohh! You’re auntie Alice!”
“Hell yeah! I- OOF-“
Alice feels an elbow landing on her arm as she looks over angrily.
“What the he-“
“No swearing in front of the children!”
“Y'all sensitive.”
They continue their walk down the hallway and stop at a massive door. Simon pushes open the door to reveal a dining hall, and there sits Jenny. Alice takes her time to process the whole room painted in a cream colour with a while ceiling. Along the walls hung portraits of art and lamps that shine a bright golden colour. The most noticeable thing is the dining table, which reaches the back of the room with Jenny sitting at the end.
“Woah…” Alice gasps in awe.
“It’s nice, huh?” Scarlet teases Alice.
“Yeah… this is the size of my whole house!” Her mouth still gaping wide as she continues to look at the chandelier hanging down the ceiling in the middle of the dining table.
“Hey, Jenny!” Scarlet shouts up with a voice that fills the whole room.
“Yes, hello! It is nice to meet you and-“ Jenny notices a different yet familiar face standing behind Scarlet.
“Ohh! I see you have brought over a guest! May I ask of your name?" she points over to Alice.
“Uhh… h-hey! My name is Alice.” Alice replies with a shaky tone.
“Alice? I see. What a delightful name! My name is Jenny! Join us for a feast tonight!”
“C’mon! let’s eat, guys!”
Suddenly, the door opens, and up comes a row of housemaids and butlers. They walk around the table with large plates of food.
“Have a delightful dinner!” The housemaids and butler shout simultaneously.
“Thanks!”
“Ohh! Here comes Chris.”
“HURRY UP AND JOIN US!”
Their dinner goes on through the night as they spend lots of time sharing and listening to each other’s stories and hardships while enjoying delicious food. Scarlet ate to her heart's content. Simon and Chris took their time to savour their food. On the other hand, Alice was chatting with Jenny while the two children, Lucas and Julian, were playing in another room after finishing their food.
After Simon finishes his food, he steps out of the house for some fresh air.
“You quit smoking?”
Simon turns back intensively, only to see Chris making his way towards him.
“Quit smoking for a while now. Didn’t want my habit to affect my children and wife.”
“I see… that’s good then. Man, to tell you the truth, Scarlet chose herself a good man. You’re the perfect husband for her.”
“Is that so?”
“Yeah…”
“How are things with you and your family?”
“Yeah, we’re just living like a normal family. Nothing out of the ordinary… I like it, though…”
There was a moment of silence.
“Well! What can I say? You get married once. Might as well choose the person you want to be with for the rest of your life. You better not do anything to make Scarlet regret her decisions.”
“Is that a threat?”
“More of a suggestion… ”
“Well! Glad your smoking habit stopped. I’mma go back inside. You enjoy your fresh air.”
“Alright! I’ll meet you inside!”
As their conversation ends, Simon turns to face the bright moon hovering above him. He lets out a deep breath as he takes his time to grasp the full view of the trees where the moon shines down upon, creating a minty shade of green.
“What a beautiful night it is…” Simon mutters to himself.
“Yes, it is indeed a beautiful night.”
The voice makes Simon jumps as he looks around to find where the voice came from. It sounds familiar. Very familiar. Simon runs into the woods, following the voice.
It’s been about 10 minutes since the feast has finished, and Simon is nowhere to be seen.
“Well! I think it’s time we go home… where’s Simon?” Scarlet has a wondering look on her face.
“I saw him outside ten minutes ago.” Chris answers.
“Is he still out there?”
“I’ll look for him.”
Chris proceeds to run outside to where he has met Simon earlier, but he was nowhere to be seen. He tries to contact Simon through phone, but his attempt fails when he receives no answer.
“Yo, Simon! You out there?” His question is met with silence.
He bites his lips and decides the best option is to run back to the house and come up with a plan to look for Simon.
He turns his body around and proceeds to sprint back in the direction where he came in. His run suddenly gets interrupted by the ringtone, which came from his phone. Chris feels a tingle down his spine as he reaches down in his pocket and pulls out his phone. He answers.
“Hello?”
“…”
“Hello?” He shouts out once more.
“…”
The phone call ends. He immediately pulls his phone up to his face with a confused look and guides his eyes onto the contact list.
“Simon?!” Chris stumbles stared at the phone before tapping on Simon’s name on his phone again, but his attempt has failed once more.
At the corner of his eye, Chris spots a figure walking out from the trees, about the size of a full-grown man. The silhouette appears to be limping on one leg. Chris widens his stance as he looks straight towards the slow-moving man. The light source finally shines upon the mysterious shadow, revealing a familiar face, which Chris recognizes.
“Simon?!” Chris widens his eyes as he takes a step back to take a double look. He stands and stares for a while and runs over to catch Simon, who suddenly collapses.
Simon is now beyond recognizable. His face is damaged, with swollen eyes and blood running from his lips down to his chin. He has heavy breaths as if he has issues inhaling. Chris gulps down his saliva
“Simon! Jesus Christ! Where the hell have you been? What the hell happened to you?’ He questions Simon leaving him no time to answer.
“Come on! We have to get outta here! The others are looking for you.” Chris suggests as he reaches down his pocket and pulls out his phone. He goes into contacts and calls his wife.
“Jenny? I found Simon. We’ll discuss more once we get back. But in the meantime, prepare a first aid kit along with an IV injection tube. Hurry!”
Chris then puts his phone back in his pocket and picks Simon up from the ground. He takes Simon’s arm and wraps it around his shoulder. They continue walking forward for a while.
Meanwhile, Jenny runs to one of the housekeepers and asks for a first aid kit and an IV tube.
“Alfred! I have a favour to ask!”
“Yes, Miss, What is you-“ his sentence was cut short by Jenny’s interruption.
“Please get me a first aid kit and an IV injection tube.” she demanded in panic.
“Yes, Miss.”
Jenny then runs to the dining hall, where Alice and Scarlet are still sitting at and kicks open the door
“I just got news from Chris! …He found Simon”. Her sentence is choppy as she runs out of breath.
“Scarlet. I have news from Chris. He found Simon.” she breaks out the news to Scarlet
“Ohh,! Thank god! Where-“
“From the sound of it, I think he’s hurt.” 
“How bad was he hurt?” Scarlet cuts in while she springs up from her seat.
“I’m guessing he was badly hurt since Chris asked for a first aid kit and an IV injection tube.”
“Shit! What the hell hap-“ Her rant is suddenly interrupted by a sound from behind the woods,
Chris suddenly steps out from behind the trees while carrying Simon on his back. Jenny runs inside while Scarlet stands still, while still having her eyes fixed on her husband. Her face turns pale with her body now shaking. The man who she loves is now limping on one leg. Tears start to fall down her cheeks as she grits her teeth.  His face is barely recognizable. He seems… hurt.
“Scarlet!” Her train of thoughts suddenly stops. She focuses her gaze on Chris, who called out her name.
“Get back inside!” Chris continues to shout
Scarlet nods her head and runs back inside
Chris runs up to the stairs and kicks open the main door.
“Jenny! First aid!”  His voice fills the house, which alerts all the housekeepers.
“Up here!” Jenny waves her hand.
Chris runs upstairs and into a room where they have prepared a bed for Simon. Chris lays Simon down on the bed and takes off his shirt, which is covered in bloodstains. He opens up the first aid kit and proceeds to treat Simon.
Several hours later, Simon creaks open his eyes. He springs up his body only to be pulled back by the pain in his abdomen. He looks down to witness his upper body being wrapped in bandages while his left foot is wrapped around in a cast.
“Chris? Where’s Scarlet?” His words were barely audible, which causes Chris to fix his eyes on Simon.
“Simon! You finally woke up!” His voice fills the whole room as he runs over beside the bed.
“Where’s Scarlet?” Simon asked once again.
“She’s resting in the room next to us with Julian.”
“She must have been distressed… How’s Julian?”
“He doesn’t know yet, but Simon, what the hell happened out there?” With his teeth clenched, Chris takes in the full view of his long-time friend, who is now bedridden with an injured leg.
“Don’t worry about it…”
“You literally have a broken leg! Besides, I’m not the one who’s concerned.” Chris bawls up his fist as he yells out.
“It’s not that big of a big deal. It’ll get better in a couple of months.”
“I’ll let everyone know that you’re awake. So you better brace yourself to meet your wife.” Chris lets out a deep sigh as he closes his eyes. He then turns his back to Simon and walks towards the door.
“By the way, what time is it now?” Simon asks Chris.
“It’s four in the morning. You’ve been sleeping for two hours.”
“You don’t need to wake them up. Just let them sleep in peace. They don’t need to see me like this during this time.” Simon tries to sit up as he cringes in pain.
“Alright. Rest well, then. I will see you in the morning. And you better explain what happened!” Chris’s voice suddenly shoots up as he points his finger towards Simon.
“Yeah, yeah… just get some sleep. Goodnight!” Simon waves at Chris with a goofy smile on his face, which causes him to shoot back a long stare along with a sigh. He turns to face the door and proceeds to walk outside while closing it behind him. 
Chapter 4.1:
SUSPICION
Scarlet opens her eyes to be met with the sight of Julian lying down next to her. She gives him a peck on the forehead before darting her eyes upwards. Simon is sitting beside her bed while taking a sip of his morning coffee. He looks over to face his wife, who is now astonished upon the sight of her husband.
“Mornin’! Let’s go eat breakfast!” Simon curves his lips upwards as he holds out the cup of coffee, which Scalet then reaches over and slaps him on his shoulder.
“Oww! What was that for?” Simon flinches backward as he cries out in pain.
“What do you think that was for? What the hell happened?” Scarlet quietly screams, trying not to wake Julian up.
“What do you mean what happened? Is it because I have a broken leg?” Simon smiles as he attempts to tease his wife.
“Whatever! I’m hungry! Let’s eat breakfast! And you’d better explain what the hell happened last night!” Scarlet plants her feet down from the bed and stands up as she stretches her body while letting out a yawn. She walks over to the washroom and turns on the water, which wakes Julian up from his blissful sleep. He opens his eyes and sits up while opening his mouth to yawn. He rubs his eyes and focuses on a blurry figure sitting in front of him.
“Dad? Good morning…” He lets out a smile as he jumps down the bed and runs over to hug his father.
“Did you sleep well, son?” Simon rubs his son’s head as he directs him towards the bathroom.
“Let’s go brush your teeth. We’re having breakfast soon.”
Simon picks up Julian's toothbrush, applies some toothpaste, and starts brushing his teeth while Scarlet washes her face.
“Should I take a shower? I mean, I can shower when we get home… then I can relax, and… oh no… where’s Chris?” A train of thoughts flashes through her mind as he runs to grab her purse in the midst of washing her face.
“Oh yeah… Chris said he’ll be filling in for you today since… you know? I got injured…” Simon looks away for a moment in fear of the worst.
Scarlet then proceeds to roll her eyes while letting out a sigh. He glances over at Simon, who is now unable to face her
“Well, I guess I needed a break after all that hard work. I’ll call his school to report his absence for today. You and Julian sit at the table first. I’ll finish up in a sec.” After finishing her sentence, Simon immediately limps over to the door and opens it.
“Careful on your way down the stairs. You want me to help?”
“Nope! It’s fine!” Simon replies as he and Julian slowly walk down the stairs.
“Dad? What happened to your foot? Are you okay?” Julian asks as he looks down at his father’s cast.
“Yep! I’m fine. Just a little trip in the woods, that’s all.”
“What were you doing in the woods, by the way?” Julian’s questions continue to catch Simon off guard.
“Well, I was going out to get some fresh air.” He replies while darting his eyes left and right.
“That’s weird…”
“How was your time with Lucas? Was it fun?” Simon diverts the questioning back onto Julian as he changes the subject.
“Yeah! We played video games and stuff, so it was fun. We went to sleep around… one in the morning or something…” He tries to recall as he looks up at the ceiling while putting his hand on his chin.
“Aren’t you supposed to get in bed early?” Simon sharply gazes over at his son.
“I mean… that was our house rule, but we’re not a home, so… it doesn’t apply here.” Julian answers back with a bit of shaking in his tone.
Their negotiation ends as they reach the dining hall, where sat Alice, Jenny while Lucas sits next to his mother.
“Good morni-“
“What happened out there?!” Alice interrupts Jenny as she stands up and slams her hand down on the table.
“Alice. Calm down.” Jenny tries to calm Alice down with her soft tone.
“How am I supposed to be calm? Simon, tell m-“
“-What the hell happened out there” Simon cuts in as he knows what is to be said next.
“That’s the fourth time I’ve been asked this question today, so relax… and enjoy some breakfast. It’s early in the morning, and I’m getting hungry.” Simon and Julian take a seat down in their chair while waiting for the food.
“Dad said he tripped and fell in the woods.”
The whole room goes silent as if no one is there. Jenny, Simon, and Alice all stare at each other while Julian looks up to his father. The awkward silence is suddenly broken along with the creak of the door. The four of them all turn over to see Scarlet as she goes to sit right next to Simon.
“Ughhhh… I’m starving.” Scarlet lets out a groan as she picks up her fork and knife.
“Jenny, when’s the food coming out? I’m starving, too.” Simon finally breaks his silence and changes up the atmosphere.
“Ah! Yes, the food should be here soon.”
No sooner or later, the door finally opens, revealing carts of food getting ready to be served as the housekeepers all line up in front. Scarlet’s and Julian’s stomach starts to growl as they grab hold of their forks and knives.
“What kind of beverage would you all like?” Jenny asks everyone while they are all focused on the plates of food being laid on the diner table. Upon hearing Jenny’s question, they all turn to face her face with a delighted expression.
“Milk, please!” Both voices can be heard from Lucas and Julian as they give each other a high five.
“Ya’ll have coke?”
“I’ll have some coffee, please! What about you, Honey?” Scarlet looks over to Simon as he takes a sip of his coffee.
“I have my coffee, thank you!” Simon says as he signals to his cup of coffee.
“Wonderful! Marnet!” she waves over to one of the housekeepers.
“Yes, miss?”
“Could we have two glasses of milk, one can of coke, along with a cup of coffee, please? Thank you very much!” Jenny finishes her order and turns back to face the whole table.
“Very well! I will come back with all of your drinks. Please wait a moment.” Marnet turns sideways and proceeds outside the door.
“Let us all enjoy our breakfast!” As soon as Jenny’s sentence finishes, the whole table begins to reach for a piece of toast and put it on their plates. Simon grabs some pancake and lays it on top of his plate as he pours syrup all of it. On the other hand, Scarlet takes three pieces of bread along with a handful of bacon and sausages.
“You got any ketchup over there?” Scarlet asks before digging into her food.
“Ah, yes! Here you go.” Jenny grabs the ketchup bottle and hands it over to Scarlet, which she then takes.
“Thanks!” Scarlet then shakes the bottle and pours it onto her plate.
“By the way. Don’t you have work today, Scarlet?” Alice asks as she takes another munch on her toast.
“Oh yweah- I wash shupposhed to work today- but Chris filled in for me.” Scarlet finishes her sentence as she gulps down her food.
The table turns to stare at Simon, who seems to be enjoying his pancakes and coffee peacefully. He looks over to see all eyes on him, which makes him darts his eyes around in confusion.
“Simon… I think it’s time you spill the beans on what happened out there…” Alice’s tone suddenly changes as she gazes sharply at him, causing Scarlet to fix her eyes on Simon’s reaction.
“Alice… let’s just enjoy our delight-”
“No! I’m sure we all wanna know the whole story!” Alice cuts Jenny off as she continues to pressure Simon, who is now staring back at her. He can feel a drip of sweat rolling down his forehead as he tries to swallow his food.
“Well… I just tripped, and fe-” His sentence suddenly stops as Alice stands up and slams her hand on the table.
“That’s bullshit! There is no way those injuries came from just falling!”
“Well, what can I say? That’s all I can tell you.” He takes another sip of his coffee as he leans back to his chair. Alice lets out a deep sigh as she turns her eyes away from Simon with furrowed eyebrows while taking another bite off her fork. The whole table goes silent as everyone continues to chew on their food.
Their silence is soon broken by a squeaking noise, which turns out to be the housekeeper Marnet walking in with all of their drinks.
“Here are your drinks.”
“Thank you!” Everyone turns over to Marnet with bright smiles as she places all of their beverages on the table.
“Please continue your meal.” Marnet says as she steps out of the entrance.
Breakfast comes to an end as everyone places their empty plates on the cart.
“Thanks for the great breakfast, Jenny!” Simon says as he stands up from his seat and stretches his back
“No worries! I enjoyed your company. It’s usually boring without Chris at home.” Jenny jokes with a smile on her face.
“I think we should go home now, given that we already ate breakfast. Do you want any help with the dishes” Scarlet stands up as she straightens her shirt.
“Oh! It’ is fine. You can all take your leave. You must have been tired.”
“Alright! Thanks for everything. Alice, can you check the rooms if we left anything in there? And Simon, you and Julian go inside the car first. I’ll drive this time.” Scarlet says as she picks up the keys to unlock the car door when Simon and Julian both walk outside and get in the car.
“We’re good to go!” A voice echoes from upstairs as Alice walks out of their room.
“Alright! Let’s go! Jenny! We’re leaving! Take care!” Scarlet shouts out as she waves Jenny goodbye before stepping outside with Alice and closing the door behind them.
Running towards the car, Scarlet and Alice both jump inside the vehicle as Scarlet immediately plugs in the keys and starts up the engine.
“Alright! Buckle up your seatbelts!” Scarlet puts her hand on the steering wheel while checking the rearview mirror. She plants her foot down on the accelerator as she pulls the stick shift backward, which then the car finally backs up out of the parking spot. She steers the wheel to the left as she positions the vehicle sideways. After she feels affirmed, Scarlet pushes forward the stick shift and slams on the accelerator. The trip back home begins.
“Man! That was some good breakfast!” Simon speaks up, breaking the awkward atmosphere.
“Yeah. That was one of the best breakfasts I’ve had in a long while.” Scarlet joins in while focusing her eyes on the road in front.
“Yeah… it was good but ruined… thanks to someone.” Alice then shifts her gaze towards Simon, who looks back in confusion.
“Come on! Don’t be salty.” Simon spurs out.
“Wut…” Alice looks back in shock.
“What?”
“What did you just say?”
“Don’t be salty?”
“Yeah…”
“Why?”
“Stop.”
“Okay.” Simon nods, then turns back to focus his gaze on the road.
The road trip goes on in silence, with Julian, Simon, and Scarlet falling asleep while Scarlet continues to drive. Her eyebrows furrowed as she looks over to Simon. Something was not right about him. Until now, she keeps pondering on about what had happened that night. Her trust in him is now slightly tainted.
Simon’s eyes suddenly creak open, which then Scarlet immediately turns away to look ahead.
“Are we nearly home yet, Honey? Simon asks while being half awake.
“No. We have to get Alice home first.” She answers while still fixing her eyes forward.
“Alright. Tell me when we get home.” Simon replies before getting right back to sleep.
They arrive at Alice’s destination fifteen minutes later. Scarlet parks the car in front and shifts gears to Parking. She reaches her hand to the back seat and taps Alice right on her shoulder.
“Alice! Alice! Wake up! We’re at your place!” Scarlet whispers loudly, which wakes Alice up from her deep nap.
“Huh? Wut?” Alice creaks her eyes open while muttering out words.
“We’re here.”
“Ohh… great.” Alice’s mutters continue as she lets out a yawn, waking Julian up alongside.
Alice sits up straight, reaches her hand over to the door handle, and pulls it open. She steps outside the car and waves Scarlet a goodbye as she waves back. Scarlet’s eyes follow Alice until she is out of sight and proceeds to drive forward.
After 5 minutes of driving, Julian suddenly springs upwards from his seat as he opens his eyes. Scarlet looks at the rearview mirror to see her son yawn as he looks back at her.
“Had a good nap?” Scarlet asks.
“Yeah…” Julian answers back while rubbing his eyes.
“Mom?” He continues as he leans forward.
“Yeah?” His mother fixes her eyes on him as he puts his hand on his chin.
“Is dad hiding something?” He speaks as he sees his mother’s eyes spring wide open.
“What? What are you talking about?”
“Well… his eyes and smile seemed different to me.” He continues as Scarlet returns her gaze on the road.
“I don’t know… does he seem that strange?”
“I guess so… he doesn’t seem normal to me…” He leans his head back on the seat and turns his head to look outside the window.
“Well… do you want some ice cream? We can pick up some on the way.” Scarlet switches the subject.
“Yes, please. I’ll take strawberry.” His tone suddenly changes to a high-pitched, childlike voice.
“Alright! We’ll arrive at the store in five minutes so just wait for mommy while I go inside, okay?”
“Okay!” He responded with enthusiasm as he looks at his mother smiling through the rearview mirror.
Upon entering the store, Scarlet walks over to the back aisle, where lies the freezer, and proceeds to grab three small tubs of ice cream, which contains strawberry, chocolate, and matcha flavours. She then runs over to the snacks aisle and picks up bags of chips along with boxes of chocolates. She places them all in a basket she has been carrying the whole time and walks to the front cashier. She plants the basket onto the cashier counter as the employee scans her items.
“And that’ll be… nineteen dollars and sixty-nine cents.” The cashier tells Scarlet and turns towards the door as it opens along with a bell ring.
“Alright! Here you go. You can keep the change.” Scarlet reaches in her wallet to grab a twenty-dollar bill and hands it over to the cashier, who takes it out of her hand.
“Do you guys have gloves in here?” A voice suddenly cuts, which grabs Scarlet’s attention. She moves her pupils as she follows the voice. She then takes a step back to get a complete view of the person standing next to her.
“Here you go!” Her gaze finally breaks as the cashier pushes the bag of groceries towards her.
“Oh! Thank you! Have a great day!” She thanks the cashier as she grabs hold of the bag. She hurries outside the door as she takes one more sneak peek of the man. She suddenly feels heavy with a fast-beating heart rate. She widens her eyes as drops of sweat start rolling down her forehead. She continues walking quickly towards the car without looking back. She finally gets in the car, straps on her seatbelt, turns on the engine, and steps on the accelerator. The vehicle immediately darts forward, leaving behind skid marks.
After a while, Scarlet finally lets out a deep breath through her mouth as she places a hand on her chest. She manages to get her breathing under control in a steady rhythm. As soon as she calms down, she wipes the sweat off of her forehead.
The drive finally ends as they reach their destination, which is their home. She reaches her hand over to tap on Simon’s shoulder, waking him up in the process. Simon immediately springs open his eyes and looks over to Scarlet, who starts speaking up.
“Simon! We’re home! Wake up!”
“Oh… we’re home? That was a good nap.” Simon spurs out as he spreads out his arm to stretch while opening his mouth to yawn.
“Julian, hold the bag for me, please.”
Julian takes the bag and steps outside the car.
“Can you get out by yourself? Or do you need help?” Scarlet asks while opening the door and stepping out of the car.
“No. I can manage.” He declines. Simon then opens the door, turns his body sideways, puts his left leg down, and slides out of the car.
“Careful,” Scarlet says as she steps in front of the door. She takes out the keys from her wallet and unlocks the door.
“Ahh… home sweet home!” Julian lets out an air of relief as he drops the groceries bag on the kitchen counter.
“Mom! I’ll put the ice cream in the freezer!” He takes out the tubs of ice cream and puts it inside the freezer, filled with stacks of frozen food.
“Sure! Mommy will put all the snacks away!” Her voice fills out the entire house as she tries to take off her shoes.
“You bought snacks?” Simon looks over to Scarlet with a dissatisfied look.
“Yeah? Why?” Scarlet looks back with a confused look.
“Snacks aren’t healthy.”
“Well… everyone has their cravings…” Scarlet finally stands up and walks into the kitchen.
“Honey! Help me take off my right shoe!”
“Wait a sec!” Scarlet’s voice is heard along with the continuous sounds of potato chip bags as she stacks them inside the cupboard under the kitchen counter.
She comes out to the door, pulls Simon’s shoe off his right foot, and helps him stand up on his feet. Simon continues to limp over to the kitchen and takes a sip of water from a glass that he took from the dish rack. He soon finishes his glass of water and continues to limp across the living room to his work area slowly. He opens one of the drawers under his desk and shuffles through the folders as if he is trying to find something important. Scarlet witnessed the whole ordeal as she felt frustrated. She wants to confront Simon and get him to tell her the entire story, but she can’t.  A thought flashes through her mind while looking at her husband. She walks toward Simon and sticks her head out beside him.
“Simon?” She calls out to Simon in a lively manner.
“Huh?” Simon gets distracted as he stops his search.
“Are you really busy right now?”
“Kind of…” Simon looks at Scarlet with a confused expression.
“Well… If you aren’t, then maybe… how about we have a talk when you’re done?” Scarlet fidgets around as she tries to get her words out.
“What do you want to discuss?” Simon asks back.
“You’ll see” She finishes and walks upstairs to the bedroom.
“Julian! Let’s go shower!” Her voice is heard from throughout the house as she runs up. Simon’s eyes follow Scarlet as he puts his hand on his chin.
Chapter 4.2:
ENCOUNTER
It is now mid-day as Scarlet and Julian finish their shower while Simon is lying on the couch watching television as the sound plays throughout the room. The sunlight shines in through the window from the workroom, along with the sounds of chirping birds. Not for long afterward, he hears footsteps from the stairs. It is light and fast, which causes Simon to turn around and face the stairs behind him. His smile lights up upon the sight of his son.
“Are you hungry, son?” He asks.
“Oh! Uhm… I’m getting ice cream from the freezer.” Julian stops for a moment and turns to face his father.
“Okay. Make sure to scoop it out to a bowl. Don’t eat in the tub.” He tells Julian and turns back to fix his eyes on the television as Julian continues running towards the kitchen.
Julian is now standing in front of the freezer. He licks his lips as he reaches to grab the handle and pulls it towards himself. The freezer opens wide, revealing a source of light that shines back at him. He sticks his face into the freezer while feeling the cold breeze blowing against his face. He reaches his hand in to grab the tub of ice cream, which is labelled as “strawberry” along with the image of pink ice cream. He holds the tub with his two hands. The cold sensation emitting from the ice cream tub makes him pull it out of the freezer immediately as he walks over to the kitchen counter. He places it on the counter and takes out a large spoon from the drawer. Being as impatient as he is, Julian climbs up the stool, takes the lid off the tub of ice cream, and digs his spoon in.
“Julian! Scoop it out a bowl!” Julian gets startled by the alarming voice coming from the living room. He scrunches up his face in annoyance and opens up the cupboard to take out a small bowl. He then places the bowl on the counter and climbs up the stool once more. With the lid taken off, Julian grabs the spoon, which is already stuck inside the ice cream tub, and runs it against the smooth, soft, and frozen treat while it slowly melts. After it turns into a perfect ball, Julian then whips it into the bowl as it drops and slides all over. With the first scoop done, Julian decides to run the spoon through the ice cream once more for the second ball. After Julian completes his first mission, he starts his second mission to devour the bowl of ice cream. He raises his spoon and digs into his ice cream as he opens his mouth.
“Julian! Don’t forget to put back the ice cream!”  His father’s voice interrupts his moment of bliss as he puts his spoon back in the bowl and picks up the tub. He walks over to the freezer and shoves the ice cream back inside, which he then immediately rushes over to take a bite of his ice cream for the first time in forever. The feeling of the ice cream sliding off the roof of his mouth causes him to feel the rush inside his mouth as his lips curve up with satisfaction. After the first sensation of the cold ice cream, he is hit with the flavour of the sweet cream, along with the sour taste of the strawberry. He feels a tingle inside his cheeks as he waits for the ice cream to melt in his mouth. He then grabs the bowl and heads toward the living, where he sees his parent sitting on the couch.
“Hey, buddy! Is it good?” Simon asks Julian while leaning forward to look at him.
“Yeah! It’s really good!” Julian answers back with happiness while he continues to devour his strawberry ice cream. He walks over to the couch and plants his butt down on the couch, joining his parents.
“What do you guys want to eat for dinner?” Simon asks his family while looking at them.
“Well… I’m craving for… chicken?” Scarlet replies while darting her eyes to the left.
“What kind of chicken?”
“Honey garlic?”
“Honey garlic it is. Let’s go to pick up some chicken, and I’ll make it for you.” Simon says as he gets up from his couch and walks over the door to put on his shoes.
“Wait… you stay home and watch Julian while I go pick up the chicken.” Scarlet suggests as she stands up from the couch.
“Wh-“
“Nope! You’re injured. So it’s better to stay home instead. And if you’re going, then who is going to watch Julian?” Her insistence interrupts Simon’s sentence.
“Julian! Do you want to come with us?” Simon turns over to ask Julian, which Julian shakes his head while he continues to munch on his bowl of ice cream.
“Alright… sure…”
With a defeated look, Simon lets out a deep sigh as he takes off his shoe. He walks back to sit on his couch as he continues to stare at the television with his hands on hands on his cheek. He raises the remote control and changes the channel with one click. Letting out a deep exhale, Scarlet stands up to grab the keys and unlocks the door.
“I’ll be back in like… twenty minutes?” She says to Simon as she closes the door.
Turning away from the door, Scarlet looks straight ahead to see a figure standing in front of her yard. Scarlet takes a few steps back as she tries to make out the figure’s appearance. It’s a man who seems to be 186 centimetres tall with broad shoulders. Scarlet squints her eyes as she tries to scan the man standing still in front. Her eyes fly wide open as she realizes one jarring detail on him. She fixes her eyes on his leg when she sees the purple colour popping out. The man has on purple shoes. Before she can take grasp of the situation, it was too late. In her stunned state, Scarlet stands still while the man takes a step towards her. Her body finally manages to move as she becomes aware of the danger she is going to be in. She whips out her keys and turns around to dash over to insert the keys. She takes a look behind, and before she knows it, he is now springing towards her while holding some sort of weapon. With shaking hands, she tries to turn the lock, but it seems to be a struggle. Scarlet knocks on the door as loud as she can while attempting to turn the lock over with desperation. The lock opens. Scarlet turns the doorknob and pushes inside, revealing the sight of Simon standing in front of her. Simon freezes as he witnesses the presence of Scarlet lying on the ground. He immediately darts his eyes forward to see the sight of the figure standing still. His eyes suddenly turn bloodshot as he runs headfirst towards the man, but he suddenly stops and falls as he suddenly feels the pain in his right leg. He wraps his arms around his leg while screaming out in pain.
“Woah, there! Slow down, Simon. We didn’t even get to the greetings yet...” The man’s voice strikes fear in Scarlet’s soul as her breaths get heavier.
“Julian! Can you scoop daddy some ice cream? I want matcha, please!” He signals to Julian to stay far away as possible.
“Yeah, okay!” Julian stands up and runs inside to the kitchen.
After Julian leaves, Simon turns his attention back to see nothing. The man is no more to be seen. He finally focuses on Scarlet, who is now quivering in fear as she curls up on the ground with her eyes shut tight. He reaches out his hand and rubs her head while trying to comfort her. He pulls her head towards his chest as he pats her back.
“It’s okay now… don’t worry… He’s gone…” He whispers to calm her down as he can barely catch a breath for himself.
Scarlet finally gets her breath under control as she returns to normal. She opens her eyes slowly to see her find herself being hugged by her husband. Noticing that Scarlet has calmed down, Simon lets go of her as both of them sit up.
“Simon… I know you’ve been hiding something from me, and that’s the real proof…” She says while still having a shaky voice.
Simon lets out a deep breath as both of them stand up and dust off their clothes.
“Let’s go inside.” He says in a low, deep voice as he wraps his arms around Scarlet’s back, guiding her inside to the couch.
“Here you go, daddy!” Julian then comes out with a bowl of matcha ice cream and hands it over to Simon.
Instead, Scarlet reaches out her hand to grab the bowl, which causes Simon to look at her in confusion. She immediately devours the ice cream, leaving the bowl empty.
“I thought your favourite was chocolate.” Simon says to Scarlet while tilting his head.
“Well… yeah. I prefer chocolate, but I don’t mind matcha. It just helps calm me down.” She says while placing the empty bowl on the table.
“Alright… I’ll go grab another serving for myself…” Simon picks up the bowl from the table and walks right over to the kitchen, where he opens the freezer and scoops out two balls of matcha ice cream.
“Simon! Should we order delivery?”
“You still want orange chicken?”
“Yeah! I’ll order it. Do you want anything else since I’m ordering take out?”
“Which restaurant are you ordering from?”
“Uhmm… Neptune.”
“Oh… then order me some fried noodles with seafood.”
“Alright then… I’ll order some fried rice for Julian.”
“Julian, do you want seafood or beef?”
“I’ll take beef fried rice, please!”
“Alright! We’re all good then. Any side dishes?”
“Calamari!” Simon and Julian shouts simultaneously
“Calamari it is. Estimate time is… twenty-four minutes.” She checks her phone before putting it down.
Twenty-five minutes later, the trio is still waiting for the food as they stare at the big screen’s flashing lights. Scarlet stomach lets out a growl as she wraps her hands around it.
“Ugh! What is taking them so long?” Scarlet complains.
“Just be patient. They will arrive in a moment. You have to expect them to be late a minute or two.” Simon scowls at Scarlet for being as impatient as always.
 “Whatever… I’m so freaking starving.”
One hour has passed, and there is still no ringing from the doorbell. Getting impatient Scarlet proceeds to call the deliveryman’s number only to be met with no answers.
“Did they forget our orders?” Scarlet finally speaks up in annoyance as she looks at her phone.
“I think so… it’s been an hour.” Simon adds.
“God! I’m losing my appetite! Julian must be starving.” Scarlet looks over to Julian with sad eyes while Simon tries calling the number again, but his attempt soon fails as he clicks his tongue in annoyance.
“Let’s order something else. What time is it?” Scarlet suggests as she looks up at the clock to see that it is now seven in the evening.
“Let’s cancel our order. I’ll check if there’s food in the fridge.”
Simon walks over to the fridge in the kitchen as he pulls the door open. All he sees are boxes of frozen food along with tubs of ice cream. He lets out a sigh before asking Scarlet.
“Scarlet? Do you want to eat frozen pizza instead?” His words are heard from inside the kitchen as Scarlet nods in response.
“Yeah, sure! I’ll eat anything at this point!”
In hearing the response, Simon takes out a box of frozen Margherita pizza. He takes off the package and slides it inside the oven to bake at three hundred seventy-five degrees Fahrenheit. After fifteen minutes, Simon puts on his oven mitts and takes the pizza out of the oven.
“Honey! Dinner is ready!” Simon calls out.
“Uh-huh! Let’s go, Julian.” Scarlet gets up from the couch and walks with Julian to the kitchen.
Upon arriving at the kitchen, Scarlet and Julian sit down at the diner table while Simon serves the pizza pan. As soon as Simon lays the pan down, Scarlet immediately grabs a slice and guides it into her mouth.
“Is it good?” Simon asks while taking off his apron and planting his butt down onto the chair.
“Yeah, it’s good…” Scarlet replies before taking another bite.
“Everything is good to you, isn’t it?” He says to Scarlet in a taunting matter.
“Shut up.” She glares back at Simon while still chewing her food.
Dinner is soon filled with chewing noises as slices of pizza disappear one by one. The silence is suddenly interrupted with the sound of choking coming from Scarlet as she tries to cough a chunk of pizza out of her throat, which finally lodges out after several attempts. Simon gazes at Scarlet, who signals him to get her a glass of water. Simon hurries to grab a glass of water for Scarlet and gives it to her, which she then snatches out of his hand and gulps it down.
“Chew your food slowly. No one’s going to steal your food.” He scowls at Scarlet once more while taking in a deep breath, which then she decides to ignore him and continue with her slice of pizza as if nothing had happened.
After their “eventful” dinner, Scarlet and Julian sit on the couch, staring at the television screen while Simon does the dishes in the kitchen.











CHAPTER 4.3:
BREAKDOWN
It is now nine o’clock in the evening as Simon finally finishes washing the dishes. He wipes his hand on a towel and walks outside the living room only to see no one there. A thought flashes through his mind as his heart suddenly drops. He limps as fast as he can up the stairs to make sure his imagination doesn’t come true. He walks towards the bedroom door as he hears the sound of water hitting the floor, which calms him down at that moment. He places his hand on his chest tightly while slowly letting out deep breaths as he slowly limps down the stairs.
He returns to the kitchen to wipe down the table and counters when he suddenly hears a sound coming from the living room, which makes him stop for a moment to look in that direction. The living room is empty. He suddenly feels cold as his hands are shaking. He tries to catch a breath while ignoring the feeling of fear as he gulps his saliva down. He continues to stare straight into nothingness as he tries to snap out of his current state of mind.
Trying to get rid of the uneasy feeling, he manages to reach over the light switch and flicks it off, only to immediately flicks it on again. Nothing happens…
Despite the fact that his uneasiness starts to creep in, he still has the will to turn off the light and immediately runs up the stairs right into the bedroom. As soon as he shuts the door behind him, his whole body collapse in exhaustion, forgetting to breathe correctly. He bawls up his fist in anger as his teeth are clenched together.
“Damn it!” He mutters to himself while still hearing the sound of running water. Frustration has gotten the better of him. As helpless as he feels, Simon can not help but let his tears flow down upon his rough cheeks. He raises his hand and slowly covers his entire face as he allows his hiccups to escape out from deep inside. With his head hung down, a tornado of thoughts rambles throughout his mind as if he can not think of anything at the moment. He tries to maintain control and think clearly, but he doesn’t have any thoughts. His hiccups slowly stop as he releases his hands from his face, revealing the sight of a woman who has been there for him throughout his life. He stares blankly at the woman in front of him as she gazes right back at him with her puppy eyes. He tilts his head upwards to face her. Their moment of staring continues as Scarlet kneels down in front of her husband with her hand reaching around his head. She then brings his head towards her clavicle as they both close their eyes while Scarlet slowly rubs Simon’s head, making him feel reassured. With desperation, Simon reaches his arm forward in order to hug her back. The silence continues to grow evident as the anxiety inside Simon has slowly turned off.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CHAPTER 5.1:
TWO ROADS
The darkroom is suddenly illuminated with a ray of golden light emitting through the glass from outside. Slowly opening his eyes, Simon gets a sneak peek of the blinding sun shining upon his scrunched face as he blocks by covering his eyes. The warmth suddenly crawls down his back while he tries to avoid the heat by tossing and turning. Eventually, Simon fully opens his eyes as he witnesses the ocean blue colour, which is the endless sky, with white puffy clouds floating along. He turns behind him, which then he realizes he is still in bed. He lies his back flat upon the bed and looks up at the ceiling. After five minutes of spacing out, Simon finally picks up his mobile phone as he looks at the time. His eyes shoot open as in front of him read ‘12:37.’ Seeing how late it is, Simon springs up from his bed and rushes into the washroom. He steps into the bathtub and turns on the shower head to take a quick, cold rinse for the day. While he bends down to srub his leg, Simon notices that his leg has become better than yesterday. After his morning shower, Simon picks up the toothbrush with toothpaste and brushes his teeth. After he finished using the washroom, Simon walks downstairs to see… nothing. Usually, Simon was always the first one to wake up since he doesn’t like sleeping in. He would always prepare breakfast until his son comes down to sit at the table, watching him cook. Julian would always wake up early for school, so after breakfast, Simon would always drive him to school and wave him goodbye. He would drive back home just in time to catch Scarlet leaving the house, getting ready for her long day at work, which she completely hates. The quiet atmosphere drives him to let out a deep breath as he walks over to the bookshelf in his workspace while looking back and forth between the windows on both sides before pushing it aside, revealing a set of stairs being illuminated by the light from outside. He then takes multiple steps down the stairs before the shelf slowly closes, leaving no traces behind.
Meanwhile, at the office, Scarlet sits at her desk with her hand holding a chalk piece. She guides her hand over a blue sheet while putting her hand on her forehead. She soon comes to witness in front of her lays a sheet full of scribbles and lines. She then bawls the piece of chalk into her hands and throws it onto the ground snapping it in half in the process. She hangs her head down for a while before hearing the ringtone from her phone. She picks her head up and grabs her phone to be met with the name “Alice” on the screen. She swipes her thumb from left to right on her phone then guides her phone up next to her ear.
“Hello, Alice?” Scarlet answers with a deep, grumbly voice.
“Aye! What’s wrong with your voice, grumpy girl?” Alice’s voice echoes in Scarlet eardrums, causing her to cringe as she pulls her head away from the phone.
“Gosh! How are you so energetic? You had lunch yet?”
“Nah! I’m on a die-“
“Let’s go out for lunch. It’s my lunch break. Are you fre-”
“Hell yeah!” Scarlet did not get to finish her sentence as Alice’s words cuts in between.
“Ughh… let’s meet at twelve-thirty. At our regular spot as always. I’ll see you there.” Scarlet says while standing up and picking up her purse. She walks over to the entrance and pulls open the door as she looks left, revealing a hallway ahead leading to the elevator. Scarlet focuses her gaze on the elevator far away from her office as it warps into the hallway. She shakes her head to snap herself out of her current mind state as she continues to walk towards the elevator door. As she makes her long journey ahead, Scarlet darts her eyes left and right as her hands start to grab her purse tightly while shaking. The minutes feel like hours as Scarlet stares distantly at her reflection on the metallic elevator door as she gradually feels tiny droplets of sweat trailing down onto her neck. The beeping sound rang throughout the claustrophobic room, causing her eyes to spring wide open, followed by a gulp down her throat while she lets out a deep breath. The door slowly opens as she stares through the creaks, revealing a ray of sunlight shining through from the outside of the entrance door. Scarlet feels a sense of relief as she strides her foot forward out from the elevator, followed by another step, which she then proceeds to continue onward to the entrance. She jots her eyes left and right only to make out a familiar appearance right before her eyes. Alice is standing across from Scarlet, waving her hand. With a smirk, Scarlet walks across the street to meet her friend.
“How was work this morning? You look so tired.” Alice asks her friend out of concern.
“Nah! I don’t want to talk about it right now. We’ll talk once we get to the café.” Scarlet insists with her coarse voice as she lets out a yawn.
Both Scarlet and Alice proceed to the cafe without any words or conversations along the way. The trip was quicker than Scarlet has thought as she is surprised by their sudden arrival at the café. 
“Scarlet! We’re here!” Scarlet snaps out of her chain of thoughts before jotting her eyes over to Alice. 
“Yeah... I’m coming…” Scarlet replies back with a voice barely audible to Alice as she stands there while waving continuously. Scarlet finally manages to drag her leg forward as she moves slowly towards her destination.  
“We should decide on what to order before going in.” Alice tells Scarlet as she scrolls through her phone, looking for what to do order. Scarlet then slides her face in above the phone, blinding Alice in the process. Alice jerks her phone away while still looking for her drink.
“Scarlet! What’s wrong? You seem so… dead. Seems like Simon gave you one hell of a time, huh? How is he doing, by the way?” Alice asks out of concern for her friend, who seems to barely stand up straight. Scarlet raises her head to meet with Alice’s eyes as she manages to mutter out words. 
“Simon? He’s fine… he managed to take care of himself. I’m just tired today…” Scarlet‘s tone finally drops as she lets out a huge sigh.
“Goddamn… how do you go to work in this state?” She focuses her squinted eyes upon Scarlet, who seems to now be staring right back at her.
“Let’s go in and eat… I don’t have much time left before my break is over…” The atmosphere suddenly breaks as Scarlet changes the subject.
Upon entering the café, both are hit with the breeze of cool air coming from the air conditioner.
“What do you want to eat?” Alice asks Scarlet while darting her eyes between menus of food. 
“I’ll just take the lamb ribs roast with honey mustard, please.” Scarlet blurs out while pointing at the menu.
“You eat steaks fo’ lunch?”
“You want any bread with that?” The cashier asks her while punching in the order.
“Yes, please! I’ll take toasted wheat bread.” Scarlet replies with her half-tired voice but barely audible to the cashier in front of her.
“Alright! Is that all? What about you?” The cashier finishes with his first order before looking over to Alice, who is still skimming over the menu
“I’ll take… the Philly cheesesteak along with a side of tuna salad…” 
“Is that all?” The cashier asks one last time
“Oh! Yeah, can we have one iced americano and one matcha latte with a shot of espresso, please? And that is all, thank you.” Alice gets out her card and swipes it across the card reader, making a small beep.
“All right! Thank you! Here is your order number.” He proceeds to hand over a slip of paper that has a number on it over to Alice.
“Thank you!” Alice takes the slip of paper and drags Scarlet over to one of the seats by the window. Both of them sit face to face as Alice takes a thorough look at her friend, who is reclining on the chair. She lets out a deep sigh and reaches her hand over to tap Scarlet on the shoulder.
“How are Simon and Julian? How are they doing?” Alice starts to ask a different question. 
“They are doing fine. Simon’s recovering, and Julian’s at school.” 
“Do you think he is… acting strange, lately?” Alice asks while slowly leaning in.
“No… why?”
“Okay…” With nothing more to say, Alice leans her back against her chair as she lets a deep exhale while closing her eyes. 
They wait for another ten minutes before seeing the server bring two trays of food, which triggers Scarlet’s eyes to open wide. 
“Now we’re talking!” Scarlet exclaims as she continues to eye the plate of food being served on their table.
“Of course, the answer is food.” Alice scoffs as she picks up a nice fragrant from her food which causes her stomach to rumble.
Scarlet picks up her fork and knife, getting ready to dig into her plate of lamb roast. She pierces the piece of steak with her fork as she guides her knife onto it with the blade pressing down. Scarlet saws the piece of meat with great force and proceeds to drive the slice down her mouth with no time to spare. With a tingly sensation in her cheeks, she feels herself being lifted by the food gods themselves.
“Wow…” Scarlet finally mutters out as she continues chewing in slow motion.
“That must be a tasty piece of meat…” Alice teases her friend and slowly picks up her fork to pierce one of the pieces of lettuce.
“Stop ruining the moment. I’m taking my time to savour it!” Scarlet utters out while slicing another piece.
“Wow… this is very tasty! The dressing is delicious!”
The hour goes by as the hour hand nears “1”. Scarlet and Alice have cleaned up their plates, and with a piece of napkin, they softy dab their lips.
“Damn! That was some good food! Will definitely stop by again.” Alice announces with excitement, along with a delightful smile on her face.
“let’s go now, shall we?” Scarlet suggests while picking up her purse. The duo then stands up from their seats and proceeds straight out from the café as they wave their goodbyes with their backs turned towards each other.
“Oh shoot! It’s almost two already!” Scarlet shouts out as she looks at her phone. With not much time in hand, she gallops her way to her office building, where she then chances upon Chris, who seems to be trotting from behind.
“Yo! What’s the hurry?” Chris adds in his two cents to the situation.
“Shut up! It’s two o’clock, and I’m freaking late!” She lets out a voice that could even be heard from afar. Running out of breath, Scarlet slows down her pace into a march as she heads straight into the building's main entrance.
 
 
 
 
Chapter 5.2:
NOTICED
 A small room… Illuminated by a small dim light gleaming abaft from a circular glass frame, projecting a shadow underneath on the pale ground. It is brimming with the odour of cement as minuscule canvases of paintings are hung on the cream-painted walls, which seems to be very dusty. The lightbulb hanging down from the cracked ceiling appears to be shattered. But… the room is empty. It is cold and gloomy as slight breezes of wind flowing through the pint-sized room, cutting deep into one’s spine. The wooden chair feels uncomfortable and very unstable, making it hard to move around. With his whole body tied back to the chair, Simon shifts his pupils around the narrow space as he stiffens and wiggles himself around, attempting to break free. Despite the setback of being tied to the chair, Simon tried desperately to stand up, carrying it along with him; with caution and stead, Simon limps towards the door located at the opposite side of his spot as his injury starts to flare up, causing him to flinch for a moment. He places his one ear against the door to check for any sounds from the outside, and with a clear confirmation, Simon several steps back in anticipation; and with one deep breath, he proceeds to dash forward, springing his left leg forward with great effort to kick down steel door. His plan has failed as he falls over on the ground, adding more pain to his injured leg in the process. Gritting his teeth, Simon tries to wiggle his way to stand up, but his attempt fails as he has lost all hope. Simon can do nothing but lie on the ground waiting for another opportunity. Sudden footsteps pierce through Simon’s ears, shifting his attention to the door. The door slightly creaks open…
“Hey, Chris! I’m leaving for the day! I’ll see you tomorrow!” Scarlet puts down her phone and gets up from her seat, finishing up her long day of work. She picks up her purse, makes her way towards her office entrance, and pulls wide open the door.
She steps out the door, looking to her left, revealing the same long and creepy hallway she always encountered on a daily basis. Taking in a deep breath, Scarlet, with all of her might, marches towards the elevator door while bearing a stern face.
The door creaks open, uncovering the view of a very tall, well-built structure of a man, which catches Simon’s eyes as the figure stands in front of his very eyes. The man has on a navy-blue trench coat that perfectly outlines his broad shoulders; camo pants are tucked in his pair of long combat boots. But the most eye-catching thing on his body is one long red scarf hanging around and down from his neck. He glares at the man for what seems like an eternity, and before he knows it, he is then dragged back into his spot by multiple pairs of arms as he tries to writhe against the forceful grip.
“Get your hands off me! The hell do you think you’re doing?” shouts out Simon as he tries to kick the person in front, who glares back at him with pity. Simon then calms down as he lets himself be placed back in his seat with his body tied to the chair.
“Who are you? What do you want?” with his eyes continue glaring upon the person, Simon now asks with a more level-minded approach as he lowers his tone.
Letting out a quick sneer, the man slowly walks forward while continuing to eye his hostage as he replies with a deep and cluttered voice which runs deep down Simon’s body, causing him to lean further back in the chair as he takes a big gulp down his throat.
“You do not need to know who we are since you’ll be dead anyway…”
Simon’s eyes shoot wide open while taking in every word that came out from the man. He has become speechless as if the time has stopped functioning, the room is filled with tension that cannot be cut.
“What do you me-“ Simon barely manages to utter out those words as he is again interrupted by the man as his voice rings clearly throughout the small room.
“Just know that we are here to take back what was ours. You do not need to ask unnecessary questions.” The tall man finally finishes and turns away from Simon, revealing the sight of his mountainous back as he slowly paces forward out of the door before stopping mid-way. He turns his head back to him.
“Do not make unnecessary mistakes as you will die sooner along with your wife and chi-“
“Don’t you fucking touch them!” Simon tries to shoot up his body as he lets shouts out, but his attempt seems to fail as the chair keeps pulling him back
“Oh no, you do not have to worry about that issue. As long as you behave, we will not lay a hand on them… as of yet.”
Simon is now quaking in his seat with bloodshot eyes while sharply gazing upon the man’s back. He is now exceeding his patience limit.
“Oh? It is now four o’clock, which means your lovely wife must be on her way to pick up your son, Julian.” He continues to mock Simon while looking at his metallic watch, throwing him into an even more enraged state.
“You bastards! Don’t you fucking dare!” Simon spurts out while there is nothing he can do.
The man smiles one last time before leaving the room before closing the metal door behind him, abandoning Simon to sit in the chair along with the shock he has received as he sits there staring blankly into nothingness.
Scarlet stares at her phone for a moment before putting it back into her purse. She pulls the car door open and steps inside the driver’s side as she makes herself aware of the environment around her. Before proceeding with the following procedure, she once again picks up her phone from inside her purse and gazes at it for a while.
“What the hell am I doing?” She shakes her head before tossing her phone down as she proceeds to slide in the keys and turn it counterclockwise, firing up the engine.
Julian trots outside of his classroom after the end of the day at school. Upon stepping outside, he sees a figure of a woman who seems to be approaching him. He shifts his gaze upwards to make out the woman’s look as she kneels to his eye level and gives him a big hug.
“Mom?” Julian, startled, starts to pull away from the mysterious lady as he takes several steps back from her.
“Hey, Julian! My name is Moira! And It looks like your mother is going to come home late today, so I am tasked with the job of picking you up from school.” Moira suggests as she signals over to her car.
“Shall we go?” with a warm smile, Moira gently grabs Julian’s hand and guides him towards her direction.
“Wait a sec! I need to tell my teacher first.” Julian pulls his arm back and instantly dashes back into his class, where he sees his teacher standing beside the entranceway.
“Mrs. Monroe! Could I talk to my mom on the phone?” He screams out while charging towards her direction as Mrs. Monroe looks over to the lady standing in front.
Being made aware of the situation at hand, Monroe promptly wraps her arms around Julian as she drags him out of the strange woman’s sight. Rushing inside the teachers’ office, Monroe sits down with Julian next to her and proceeds to rapidly dial the number which belongs to the child’s mother.
“Hello, this is Scarlet speaking! How may I help you?” Scarlet’s voice projects through the phone.
“Ah! Yes, hello? This is Mrs. Monroe, Julian’s teacher. I would like to call in to ask if you are on your way to pick Julian up.”
“Yes, I am. Are there any issues?”
“It seems another person is picking up Julian in your place. Julian, what did she say?” Monroe holds the phone and turns over to ask Julian.
“She said that mommy would be late at work today, so she’s picking me up instead. Is that true, mommy?” Julian asks out loud.
Hearing the news, Scarlet’s eyes shoot wide open as she speeds up her vehicle.
“Mommy will be there in five minutes! Don’t you move an inch and stay with your teacher. Mrs. Monroe, please keep Julian company until I arrive! Do not let him go!”
“Yes, I understand.” Monroe tries to end the call but is then interrupted by Scarlet’s voice.
“And don’t hang up. Keep me on the line in case something happens.”
“Yes, okay.”
Monroe puts down the phone and peeks her head outside the window to take a good look at the strange woman, but she is nowhere to be seen. Monroe takes several steps back and sinks into her chair as she lets out a deep sigh of relief.
After five minutes, a car pulls up in front of the school, and the door opens, revealing Scarlet, who seems to be panicking as she immediately runs inside to look for her son. A sense of consolation runs through her body as she sees Julian still there with his teacher as she bears a massive grin on her face. With a single year running down her face, Scarlet runs over to hug the boy and hugs him tightly in her arms.
“Thank god, you’re safe!” Scarlet lets out a sob as she slowly pulls away.
“Let’s go home. Daddy must be waiting for us.” She says with a soft voice as she pats Julian’s head.
“And thank you, Mrs. Monroe. Thank you for keeping him safe.” Scarlet turns over to the teacher and says her thanks.
“It’s okay. Julian was smart enough to come and ask me himself.” Monroe gestures over to Julian.
Scarlet and Julian wave Monroe their goodbyes as they make their way to the car. Upon entering the vehicle, Scarlet picks up her phone and calls Simon. After a minute has passed, there seems to be no answer from him. Scarlet furrows her eyebrows as she continues to call again, but she is met with no response on her second attempt. She tries once more as she taps on Simon’s phone number for the third time; she can feel her chest tightens while sweat starts to drip from her forehead.
“What the hell is he doing not picking up his phone?” Scarlet whispers in annoyance as she makes another attempt at calling her husband. The call ends with no response.
Scarlet then slightly tramples on the gas pedal, increasing the vehicle’s speed while she drifts from side to side with Julian sitting in the back.  The drive home continues as Scarlet keeps calling Simon while trying to fix her eyes on the road ahead. Her breathing gets heavier and heavier as she can barely take in a deep breath.
“What happened, mommy? Is daddy not picking up his phone again?” Julian asks.
“Uhh… yeah. I don’t know why, though. I can’t seem to reach him. Maybe he’s busy? You think so?”
“I don’t know… he might be.”
The fifteen-minute drive finally comes to an end as Scarlet pulls up in front of their home. She shoots open the car door and steps out before leaping towards their front door. She takes out her keys from her purse and jams them inside the lock.
Noticing the door creak, Scarlet shoves it open as she bolts upstairs to their bedroom before looking inside the kitchen. She takes a glance at Simon’s workspace and sees his phone being placed on the table.
“Simon!” Her voice rings throughout the house, causing Julian to flinch as he shifts his attention to his mother, who is now running around the whole house.
“Simon!” Another call fills the room, which then is met with no response.
 
 
 
 
 









CHAPTER 5.3:
OPERATION SCAVENGER
Scarlet then stops herself for a moment as she stares into the distance.
“Julian, let’s get back inside the car.”
After her failed attempt at searching, Scarlet and Julian both walk back into their car as they both strap on their seatbelts. Scarlet starts up the engine and puts both of her hands on the steering wheel,
“Julian, I’m going to drop you off at uncle Chris’s house so you can play video games with Lucas. How does that sound?” Scarlet asks as she looks at Julian in the rearview mirror.
“Oh, are you going somewhere?” Julian asks his mother as he leans forward from his seat.
“Julian, be careful. I think I know where dad might be, so you wait while I go get him, okay?”
“Could you get some snacks on the way back?”
“Yes, I can!” 
“Thanks, mommy!” Julian gives out a big thumbs up before turning his head to gaze outside the window.
After ten minutes of driving, both of them finally arrive at Chris’s house. Scarlet parks the car outside and gets out her phone as she proceeds to contact Chris.
“Chris? Come outside. I need to talk.” Scarlet demands while sitting in her car, staring outside from the car windshield.
“Wh-”
“Just get out here, and we’ll talk. It’s very urgent, so hurry up.”
The door finally opens as it reveals the sight of Chris in his pajamas while walking down the stairs and heading toward Scarlet’s car.
“Julian, wait in the car. Mommy needs to talk with uncle Chris; then we’ll get you to go inside and play with Lucas.” Scarlet tells Julian before stepping out of the vehicle to face her co-worker.
“Scarlet, what’s going on? Why are you showing up at my freaking house without giving me a notice?” Chris raises his tone while eyeing Scarlet down.
“I can’t get through Simon, and that’s why I decide on letting Julian stay here. Then I’m gonna go and try to find him.”
“Has he not been picking up his phone? I think he is busy.” Chris says in an attempt to comfort Scarlet, who is now all over the place.
“I can’t even find him at home.” Her voice suddenly cracks into a sob as she lets out multiple drops of tears.
“Shit… maybe he’s just wandering somewhere getting some fresh air or getting groceries for dinner. We can’t be so sure that he has disappeared. Maybe you’re overthinking this, Scarlet. You should calm down.”
“I got a bad feeling about this, so please… take good care of Julian while I go home for now. In case something happens, Julian will be safe here with you. ” Scarlet says one last time before turning away as she instantly jumps in her car and starts the engine.
“Julian, go join uncle Chris and his family. Mommy will be back soon, okay? Be good to them” Without time to spare, Scarlet speeds of right after Julian steps out from the car. Chris takes a glance at the vehicle before it is no longer visible.
“Let’s go inside, Julian. We’ll have dinner together.” Chris says as he guide’s Julian back into his home.
On the way back home, Scarlet makes multiple attempts to contact Simon with tears staining her rosy cheeks as she wipes them off her face before taking a look at her phone. It is now six in the evening, and Simon is nowhere to be heard.
Upon arriving back home, Scarlet heads over to plant her body down on the sofa as she notices a sticky note being stuck onto the table and proceeds to peel it off.
Scarlet, I’m heading out to buy groceries.
Be back at 7:00.
Love you!
Letting out a deep sigh, Scarlet feels as if the weights have been taken off her shoulder as she puts her hand on between her chest. Scarlet gets up from her seat and proceeds to the kitchen counter, where she takes out a cylinder cup from under the cupboard. A thought suddenly flashes in her mind as she shoots her eyes wide open. It feels as if she is being hit by a train. She springs back up from her seat and stops for several seconds.
“Shit! How could I have not known?” She screams to herself as she puts her hand on her forehead.
Scarlet then picks up her phone and presses on a name in her contract.
“Chris? Just let Julian stay there for the night. This search is going to be longer than I thought.”
…
“Yeah, I think I’m grasping the situation now. I cannot tell you yet, but I will see.”
…
“Yeah, I might not be able to come to work tomorrow.”
…
“Yes, thank you.”
The call ends as Scarlet puts her phone back inside her purse.
Scarlet dashes out of the house along with her purse and proceeds to take off with her car. She dials another set of numbers on her phone and presses the “call” button.
“Hello, this is the police department speaking. How may I help you?” A woman’s deep voice can be heard on the line.
“Hello? I would like to file a missing persons case. The name is Simon, Simon Waltson. Last name is spelled W-A-L-T-S-O-N. Age, 36. Tall man. Maybe about 177 centimeters? I will send you the home location. Please track where he was last seen.”
“Can I get your name?”
“Scarlet Walton. I’m his wife.” Scarlet replies.
“Scarlet Waltson… Alright, we got that. We will give you a call once we have more information. Please be patient.”
“Okay, thank you so much! I will text you with this number once I acquire more information.” Explains Scarlet as the call ends with a beep.
She speeds her way to the grocery store where they have always shopped with the intention of checking for cameras. She looks over and sees the security guard standing and proceeds to approach him.
“Excuse me? But is the security camera up there working?” Scarlet asks the guard as he is taken aback by the sudden question.
“Yes, it’s always working. Why? Did you lose something?” The guard asks Scarlet.
“Yeah… kind of. Could I please check the camera room?”
“Can you state what item you lost?” The guard asks again.
“It’s complicated to explain so for the sake of not wasting your time, could I please check the footage?” Scarlet continues to press on.
“Ugh… alright.” The guard grunts in annoyance as he takes Scarlet back into the back room. On the way, Scarlet casually plants her sight on a familiar appearance as she takes a glance, causing her attention to fully shift upon the familiar figure, who seems to be a tall man in a trench coat. Scarlet cuts off her attention as she starts moving forward along with the security guard until they reach the backroom’s door.
“Make sure you find what you’re trying to find and get out of here as quick as possible” Says the guard.
“Yes sir!” Scarlet replies
The guard sighs while turning the lock of the camera room and proceeds to push the door open. Inside reveals a dark room with the source of coming from the illumination of several monitors. With her jaws dropped, Scarlet slowly walks inside, keeping her eyes on the screens.
“Just be quick with it.” Demands the guard one last time before he leaves the room as he closes the door behind him.
“Let’s see… damn this is going to take a long time.” Scarlet whines as she sits down and proceeds with her plan to scroll through hours of camera footage.
The evening goes on as Scarlet continues to dig deeper into the case as she analyzes every frame of every monitors until she notices one detail which causes her to press pause on the screen. A lightbulb pops on top of her head as she grabs her purse, and proceeds to run out the room after she takes a photo of the particular detail.
“Sir! I’m done!” Scarlet’s voice rings throughout the area as shifts the guard’s attention to her running towards him.
“Did you manage to find what you were looking for?” The guard asks while standing up, pulling his body up from his seat.
“Yeah! Thank you so much!”  Says Scarlet as she walks past the security guard out of the store as she shoots him with her smirk-bearing face.
“Yeah, no prob.” The guard answers back before making his journey towards the back room.
With a slight grin on her face, Scarlet pushes open the entrance door and steps outside while letting the door spring back into its place.
Scarlet hurries back to her car as she jogs from the store to where her vehicle is parked. She sits down on the driver’s seat while trying to get her phone out of her purse when she discovers a flat object as she pulls it from underneath her rear.
“I don’t remember having this here…” Scarlet mutters to herself before opening the envelope.
Unfolding the sheet of paper inside, Scarlet finds herself wiping her forehead as droplets of sweat easing down beside the corner of her eyes. Her teeth clench together. Her pupils darting around her surroundings. She can feel the heat building up from inside as she adjusts her collar with one of her sweat-covered palms while squeezing the sheet of letter in the other. Scarlet swallows her spit while she promptly inserts the letter back into the envelope. She then lodges her keys into the ignitor beside the steering wheel and turns it sideways, starting up the car. Scarlet slams her foot on the gas pedal, causing the vehicle to jerk as it speeds up forward.
“Why are you doing this?”
“Do not ask me. We are just following orders.” Says the man in the blue trench coat as he sits before the bruised and injured Simon, who is now on the ground with his hands tied to his back. He can feel the pebbles on the ground piercing through his clothing as he lays flat on the ground.
“You bastards! Who gave you the order?” Simon asks as he can feel a whole foot gradually being planted on his leg.
“Three minutes left…” The man shouts out while gluing his eyes to his watch. Simon stares at him for a moment before replying.
“What?”
“Do not worry. You will get to see your wife and son soon, Simon… in two minutes” The man says while letting a snort then signals to one of his men.
“What the hell are you sa-” His sentence is then interrupted by his scream as it echoes through the whole area. Simon feels leg getting broken in half as one of the bones pierces through his calf.
“Oops… might’ve stepped on it a little too hard.” The thug takes several steps back as he teases Simon who is now left screaming on the ground with tears falling down from his eyes.
“Easy! We may want to keep him alive… five… four… three… two… one…” The man looks straight ahead as finished his countdown. He sees a vehicle coming towards him. He faces the car, lifts up a firearm in his hands and proceeds to pull the trigger. A sound of gunfire roars through Simon’s ears as he turns his head to witness a bullet flying straight down through the tires. The car abruptly stops. Simon focuses his sight on the vehicle he sees before him and it seems too familiar. The model, the color, and the license plate; Simon widens his eyes as he sees a figure bearing a striking resemblance of a person he knows.
“Oh no...” Simon barely mutters out his words as he squints his eyes upon the bright headlight shining back into them. Continuing to stare at the figure, Simon wiggles forward in an attempt to reach it. He lets out a cry as a foot suddenly lands straight in his stomach, causing him to roll back as he lets out several coughs. Simon shoots a glare at the goon before getting rocked by another foot to the cheek. 
“That is all we need to do now. Let us leave… I think these two have words to exchange with one another…” The man lets out a sneer as he turns his back from Simon, who is now lying on the ground with a red stained face with bruises on his cheek and jaw. They all walk away from his sight. The color of scarlet marks the navy-blue coat shirt. Simon pulses in shock as he fixes his eyes on the man before him. What registers next is a sound of gunfire roaring over the empty grounds. The tall man stands still as Simon continues to eye the back of his coat. He steps aside, revealing a path which guides his eyes forward to a body laying on ground before him. The horror fills sight. His heart stops several beats. Gravity suddenly shifts as Simon lies still, not being able to lift a muscle. The man finally shifts his attention forward, and walks away from the sight along with his goons. 
“You are dead…” A voice coming from behind the man strikes a cord as he swings his head back to witness Simon’s laser piercing through his eyes. Chills running through his spine. The man breaks his attention away from Simon’s eyes as he eventually finds himself in awe as he takes a full view of Simon’s face.
“You’re dead… you bastard.” Simon’s voice rings out a second time.
“Do you possibly think you can lay your hands on me?” The man questions him back as he lets out a laugh.
“I know you can’t kill me yet so watch your fucking back from now on…” Simon lifts up the corner of his lips as he continues to stare the man down.
“Let us go.” The tall figure says before finally backing away from Simon.











Chapter 5.4
DRIVE
“Scarlet, I am sorry…”
With puncturing beeps through the eardrums, Simon gazes down upon the white mattress, which bears a figure in a white gown. Each beep registers in anticipation. A brief moment goes by. He lets out a deep sigh as he lunges his body upwards from his seat. He locks his eyes on Scarlet one last time. He runs his hand down her cheeks before turning around towards the entrance and sliding it open. Simon jumps back at the sight of Chris holding a bag containing what seems to be food.
“Chris.” Simon manages to mutter out the name of his friend.
“Simon. We need to talk. Meet me at the lounge outside” Chris says.
He walks into the room and places the bag onto the glass table as Simon follows his eyes on Chris. He gazes upon Scarlet's unconscious body stained with bruises and scratches. Chris turns around and walks past Simon and out of the entrance. Taking a gulp down his throat, Simon slowly drags his feet outside the hallway to the lounge.
Simon takes seat down in front of Chris and rests his forearms on the table. A brief moment goes by. Both men locks each other’s gaze while sitting straight up. 
“Simon… what happen yesterday?” Chris asks Simon as he lets out a chuckle.
Tilting his head, Simon states as he looks directly at Chris’ eyes “I got kidnapped.”
Swallowing his spit, Chris leans his face towards Simon.
“Simon… tell me what happened yesterday and why is your wife fucking bedridden with bullet wounds on her body!” Chris’s voice suddenly soars as he bawls his fist and slams it down the table.
“Chris, relax… I know this situation has gotten way out of hand, but I will explain it to you soon.” Finishing his sentence, Simon stands up from his chair and turns his back to Chris.
“Where do you think you’re going?” Chris stands up after and raises his voice at his friend.
“I’m going to be back.” Says Simon as he proceeds to march forward with his smirk-bore. 
Chris lunges himself forward as he reaches out his right hand, placing it on Simon’s shoulder, attempting to pull him back, but it fails as Simon continues marching towards the gaping entrance calling out to him. 
“Chris, don’t worry. I won’t do anything stupid. You can rest assured. Please take care of Scarlet while I’m gone.” Simon says before projecting his back to Chris.
Eventually, the sight of Simon’s denim jacket disappears from Chris’s sight as he continues staring into the rows of people walking back and forth.
______________________________________________________________________________
A round bulb of yellow shines down in contrast with the white ceiling. Slowly separating her eyelids, Scarlet is instantly hit by an odd odor. She sits up from her pillow, which results in a failed attempt as she is kept pulled down by the painful sensation appearing on her left arm. She instantly grabs hold of. Scarlet darts her eyes around, only to realize that she’s lying on a bed, inside a hospital room. Her inspection continues for spilt second before it stops as she turns back her head towards the ceiling again.
At the sound of rumbles, Scarlet snaps her eyes over to the slide door as Chris drags it close. Chris notices Scarlet’s stare as he walks beside the bed frame before planting his backside on a stool.
“How long have you been up?” Chris asks while fixing his legs crossed.
“Just now. That was one of the best naps I’ve had in a while.” Scarlet says before getting interrupted by an escaping yawn from her mouth.
“I see…” Chris mutters.
“Where’s-”
“He’s gonna be back. I tried to stop him.” Chris interrupts Scarlet’s question.
“Chris… what do you think he’s going to do?” Scarlet continues with another question.
“I’m sure he won’t do anything reckless. I can assure you that.” Chris says
“How is Julian?” Asks Scarlet.
“He’s at home with Jenny and Lucas. He’s a good kid.” Chris answers
“Did he ask anything of us?” Scarlet asks
“No. Which is why I think it’s quite strange.” Chris continues while pacing back and forth in the room
A deep sigh escaped through Scarlet’s lips as she turns her sight back on to the ceiling for a moment.
“Seems like the ceiling is what I’ll be staring at for a while.” Says Scarlet as she takes in a deep breath before letting it escape through her lips
“Stop sighing. It’s making me feel bad.” Chris says.
“When is Simon going to return?” Asks Scarlet.
“He said he’ll be out for a couple of days.” Chris replies.
Chris proceeds to make is way towards the screen window and sits on the couch before grabbing a book from under the coffee table. Flipping through the pages, Chris realizes the silence in the room. He turns his head over to the hospital bed to see Scarlet lying flat in a deep slumber while snores start to fill the stuffed room. He lets out a chuckle and shakes his head before shifting his attention back in the book.
“Simon, don’t do anything stupid here.” Chris mutters under his breath before turning his head over to the door.
The door slides open revealing one of the nurses. On her hands lies a large tray filled with plates and dishes. Noticing Chris at the couch, the nurse puts the tray on the coffee table.
“Please, remind her to chew her food slowly.” The nurse says before making her way outside the room.
“Yes, ma’am…” Chris  says while seeing the nurse leave. 
______________________________________________________________________________
“Julian and Lucas! It’s time for dinner!” Jenny calls out.
Sounds of rumbling footsteps are heard as the two boys dash down the stairs.
“Careful boys!” Says Jenny as she sees the two children rushing down from upstairs.
The hyperactive duo turns one-eighty before legging their way over to the dining room. Seeing a fully-stacked dining table with full of plates and piles of food, the boys make their way over to their dining chairs.
Julian grabs hold of the large turkey leg and pulls it back onto his plate before sinking his teeth in the stringy piece of thigh. Lucas on the other hand, scoops two ladles of beef soup onto his bowl along with placing two pieces of bread onto his place.
Jenny takes a peek at the dining room. But finds herself just staring at the scenery of the two boys devouring their meals.
“Slowly, boys. There is no rush when it comes to food.” Says Jenny as she takes a seat down upon her seat located at the head of the table.
“Nonsense. You need to rush before the other person eats it all. That’s how you’re supposed to eat food.” Remarks Julian as he continues scoffing the piece of turkey thigh down his throat.
Jenny chuckles before shifting attention to her left side.
“How does it taste, Lucas?” Asks Jenny
“The food’s great, mom!” Shouts Lucas before taking a spoonful of beef.
“That’s good to hear!” Jenny says with a smile her on her face as she reaches to stroke her son’s head.
“Well! I will you two boys to enjoy your feast. I will be upstairs if you need me, alright?” States Jenny.
Jenny stands up from her seat before limping herself to the door. Julian’s eyes trail Jenny’s movements until she is no longer in sight.
“Julian, you know what’s weird?”
“What?”
“Why did your mom leave you here all of a sudden? You think there’s something going on?”
“Yeah, mom says she’s going to find dad so she dropped me here.”
“You think you dad ran from home?”
“I don’t know. That’s probably the case, since my mom still hasn’t returned yet.”
“Well, I hope there’s nothing going on in your family.”
“I hope so, too!”



Chapter 6.1
WAIT
Opening her eyes for the second time of the day, Scarlet looks over to her left to see a red head laying beside her side, causing Scarlet to take a double look. The woman raises up her head to face Scarlet’s stare before jumping up from her seat.
“Alice! When did you come?” Scarlet asks before she is pulled in for a hug.
“Scarlet, are you hurt anywhere?” Alice asks.
“Yeah, I’m recovering and doing better than ever.” Scarlet answers with a slight smile on her lips.
“That’s good to hear.” Alice says before pulling away from the embrace.
“Aren’t you busy with work?” Says Scarlet.
“Girl! I wish I was busy with your case! I could have just found the prick who did that and crush his skull! The police in this area are already doing the work.” States Alice.
“Calm down, Alice. Your temper is going to hurt you in some way, someday.” Scarlet tells Alice.
“That’s just how I am. Thanks to this temper of mine, I am good at my job.” Alice says.
“Anyways, how long have you been here? What time is it now?” Scarlet asks as she checks for the clock beside here.
“It’s a quarter past six.” Replies Alice.
“PM?”
“Yes, PM.”
“Shit. I’ve lost track of time!” Exclaims Scarlet as she holds her palm up to her head.
“Have you eaten?” Alice asks.
“No, I’ve been sleeping…” Scarlet replies with a stern face.
“That makes sense. What are you craving?”
“I’ve been craving for… something with custard?” Scarlet answers.
“I’ll go get you some custard buns, then I’ll be back.” Alice says before turning towards the door.
Taking a few steps forward, Alice stops for a moment. She slightly shifts her head to the reflection on the window.
“Where is Simon, by the way?”
The question rings through Scarlet’s ears. She pulls her head back even further while stretching her arms. Placing her hands under her head, Scarlet takes a long deep stare at the luminescent illuminated ceiling.
“I don’t know… I have no idea where he’s going.” Scarlet says as she starts to choke up he words.
The pillow suddenly turns a darker shade beneath her head as droplets of tears starts to roll down from her rosy cheeks. Alice takes in a deep breath before fully rotating her head over to her friend’s direction.
“I don’t know what he’s going to do, Alice. I’m afraid.” Scarlet cries out while placing her forearm above her forehead.
After staring at her friend, Alice makes her way beside the bed and proceeds to pull Scarlet towards her shoulder as she hugs her wraps her arms around her friend, as the train of tears continue running down Alice’s shoulder. She feels the tremble throughout Scarlet’s body as she attempts to land multiple strokes on her back.
“I trust Simon. Don’t you worry.” Alice lowers her voice as she says to Scarlet.
A moment goes on for what seems like an eternity of silence as the Scarlet and Alice hold each other tight. That moment breaks when Alice gradually pulls away.
“How’s your wound?” Alice abruptly asks.
“Which one?”
“Wha- I guess your gunshot wound?”
“Ahh, they got the bullet out, but I can feel it throbbing in my shoulder.” Scarlet replies
“Ugh… that sounds weird.” Alice says
“Yeah, I know.” 
  “Stay here. I’ll go fetch you some custard crème puffs at the bakery nearby.” Alice says as she steps away from the bed frame.
“Thanks, Alice!” Scarlet exclaims as sparkles beam out from her eyes.
“Yeah, yeah. Bye!” Alice waves goodbye and turns her back to Scarlet.
Scarlet waves back before lying down with her face turned to the wall. After moment, the door eventually slides shut. 
______________________________________________________________________________
Opening her eyes, Scarlet notices the sunrise from the window view as the sky dims a navy yellow shade. She unrests her head upon the pillow as she pulls her body upwards. She looks around the bed frame while guiding her eyes towards the small desk beside her. Scarlet picks up her phone and powers it on. Scrolling through a list of contacts, she sees a name in the middle of the screen, making her take a deep breath. She brings her finger close to the contact “HUSBAND” before pulling it away. Scrolling down further on her phone, Scarlet taps on Chris’s name and brings the device closer to her ear. After a moment, the call connects.
“Hey, Scarlet. What’s up?” Chris says.
“Ugh… nothing. I’m just laying bored in the hospital. It feels like years in here.” Scarlet replies.
“Don’t worry, you’ll get discharged in three days.” Chris tells Scarlet.
“That’s like a century in hospital time.” Says Scarlet
“It’s not that bad.” Chris says as he lets out a chuckle.
“How’s Julian? Is he doing fine?”
