Firewalkers
Written and Published by
Joseph Biancardi
Copyright 2011 Joseph Biancardi
License Notes
This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Amazon.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author's imagination or, in the case of recognizable historical events and persons, are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. For the sake of the story, the volcano in this story does not depict the normal pattern of how other volcanoes erupted in the past.
My sincere thanks to Tolly Burkan for allowing use of his name and the information about bits of his seminars that are used in my novel.
http://www.tollyburkan.com/
Thank you for choosing to read Firewalkers. As you read the story, you’ll come to realize it deals with how the powers of intention saved the characters in the story. The Firewalking instructor, Tolly Burkan allowed me to interview people that attended his Firewalking seminars where they learned that the human body is capable of withstanding unbelievable feats.
His seminars taught people that what you have learned to believe all your life is false. People can walk on coals without being burned, if they understand why. This is the basis for my story Firewalkers.
Other training I have received living in the south is that the human body can heal itself. The human body is capable of so much more than we understand. It is my hope than some of you will learn for yourself that what I write is achievable, when you learn to trust yourself and reach for the impossible.
I hope you enjoy what I write for you and understand they are only stories about what is possible. Most of the characters are fiction. I’ll leave it up to you to decide which.

With sincere thanks, Joe Biancardi
Firewalkers
Chapter 1
Nick Rice looked west towards the area where the evening sunset should have been. It was only seven and the sky was black. Stars were hidden from the sun by clouds of ash. It had been falling for almost four hours. It was almost beautiful, if it wasn’t blanketing everything ankle deep with gray death. Lava still spewed from the volcano behind them. Now the only light came from the frequent lightning and red glow of the molten lava rushing by, rising to engulf the rocks he and his family rested on.
The eruption wasn’t supposed to happen this fast. The field supervisor of the U.S. Geological Survey office said the minor tremors meant some activity below the area but an eruption wasn’t necessarily eminent. The last eruption took place over forty thousand years ago on a mountain several miles away. That should have been where the eruption would occur. But it didn’t, not yet.
He could hear the familiar sound of the news helicopter return. The cameraman and pilot were likely watching and waiting for more action to broadcast to the nation. In this darkness, chances were now pretty slim that they’d see anything. 
Nick stood there waiting for just the right second for him and his family to jump to the safety of solid ground. While he waited, he remembered a few short days ago, before his mountain went to hell and left him to deal with its’ inferno. 
It all started with those damn dreams, the ones that made him aware of an impending danger to his family. They were always the same, so real that he always woke in a sweat, feeling like his gut was being torn from his body. He remembered something he heard once: They say just before you die your life flashes before your eyes. 

5 DAYS EARLIER
 Everything was silent except for the sound of his heartbeat as it drummed in his ears.  Nick jumped up in bed, his senses sharpened, listening to the sounds of the night. He looked around in the dark for the kids but only the sight of the clock on the nightstand stood out.  He sat there for a moment, letting his eyes adjust to the night, staring… remembering where he was. 
Then it hit him again; the realization that it had only been another dream.  It was still the middle of the night at home. It’s Friday morning, still early 2:55 AM, but back home midnight hadn’t come yet.  He reached for the phone next to his bed. In the dark he punched the glowing keys on the phone.
“Babe, it’s me.  Is everything all right?  Are the kids okay?”
“Yes, honey.  You had another bad dream.  We’re okay.  Go back to sleep.”
“Sorry I woke you. I love you. Call you later.”
Nick tried to go back to sleep, but every time he closed his eyes he would return to the scene of the flames and the family that was his life.  He dragged himself out of bed and went to the bathroom for a drink. He splashed cold water onto his face then returned to his nightstand, glancing over to the clock on the nightstand again.  It was just a little past three.  Nick pulled his white tee shirt over his head, and then slid his muscular, sweaty legs into the khaki shorts.  He bent over and tugged on his cotton socks and laced his comfortable worn boots, leaving the ankle weights behind.  Then he went out the door and began to run, and to run through the plan that needed to be done to save his family.  He didn’t return until just before dawn.
Sergeant Major Nick Rice had made a career out of the military. He traveled the world on missions for his country.  He could retire from the Marines soon, having been in the service for thirty years.  Nick signed up when he reached his eighteenth birthday, right after graduation.  Now the time arrived to move on to something more important in his life.  It wasn’t that he lost interest in serving his country.  Now his family needed him more.  
He felt it during his waking hours, deep in his subconscious.  He even dreamt about it when he tried to sleep at night.  Nick knew the dreams were only a sign of something about to happen.  More than a hunch, his intuition told him his family would need him very soon.  He had to prepare them for the unknown event that was yet to come. 
He knew it had something to do with fire. In the dreams his two children were always lost in a forest fire, calling for him to come and save them. But they were always just out of reach and then would vanish in a wall of flames, screaming for help.
Chapter 2
Nick had come to his Commanding Officer at Quantico Marine Base two days ago and told him about the dreams. He had explained there was going to be an emergency at home. The Colonel had learned to trust his men, especially Nick, his second in command. Over the years when Nick said something felt wrong, odds were he was right.
Although this marine was one of the best men he ever served with, Colonel Samuels reluctantly approved his request for retirement. He didn’t have a choice, Nick had put in his time and he deserved to retire. Nick would be hard to replace but he understood about the dreams so he assured Nick that he would be on the first flight out of Dulles in the morning. He completed his overseas assignment and now wasted his talents training men so he could take an emergency leave. Nick would be home with his family while the paperwork went through its channels. 
The Colonel paced by the window looking out, holding a glass of water when the Sergeant Major walked in. The Colonel turned to look Nick in the eyes, those same eyes that had looked into the black souls of enemies of the United States. He was the only man that could walk into hell itself and tear any of his men from the hands of the Devil himself and bring them home. 
“We’re going to miss you around here Nick.”
“Yes sir, but you do understand why I need to go?”
The Colonel looked down for a moment as he placed the glass on his desk. “Nick, I’ve known you long enough that when you say you have to go, you really mean you should’ve left already. I tried to speed the paperwork up for you best I could. Your leave papers are all here and the rest will be finished ASAP. Don’t worry about your men, they’ll understand.”
“Thanks for not making a big deal of it sir. I’ve looked over the men’s files. Garza will be a good replacement for the men’s training but of course the choice is up to you. He’s been a fast learner and he knows about the intuition thing. Its’ just the dreams are so real. I need to go.”
“Lord knows I’ve learned to listen when your gut tells you to do something. Anyway… you all packed and ready to go?”
“Yes sir. My plane leaves at eleven-thirty hours. The flight and layover will put me back in Mammoth Lakes just in time for supper with the family.”
Nick grabbed his Commanding Officer’s hand, shook it firmly then saluted.
Colonel Samuels returned Nick’s salute and smiled. “If you ever need anything, you damn well better call me. Do you understand Sergeant Major?”
“Yes sir,” Nick said.
“And, give my best to Carrie.” The Colonel said as he watched his friend leave the office.
***
Nick already accepted leaving a lifestyle behind that most men never knew. He traveled the world from one crisis to another. He had trained his men well. “They’ll survive without me”. He told himself for the hundredth time since he made his decision to leave. He grabbed his bags and closed the door to his room. 
“Let me get those for you Sergeant Major.” Staff Sergeant Garza threw the suitcase and duffel into the back of the Crown Victoria for Nick. “The ride to Dulles will take almost an hour depending on traffic. We need to be going.”
Nick nodded and leaned back in the seat. He began to talk to his friend about his son Leonard and how he wanted to play basketball when he went to college. He felt bad about leaving his men and wanted to justify his reason for leaving. “He’s growing up so fast. I’ve missed some of his most important years in school. Before you know it he’d have graduated high school and I would’ve missed it all.”
“I know what you mean. My son is almost five and everybody tells my wife that he looks just like me, and strong for his age. I don’t know what I’d do if they couldn’t be with me on base.”
They rode in silence for a while. Noticing that the traffic ahead begin to slow down Garza began to tap on the brakes.  As other drivers came over the top of the hill they all began to slam on their brakes. The accident in front of the Crown Vic appeared to the other motorists too late.
The locked brakes of a gasoline tanker squealed, pumping air. As the tires bounced the loaded fuel the tanker jack-knifed, ramming everything in its way. The driver almost succeeded in trying to get control but he sideswiped a blue Tahoe slowing down in the left lane. It glanced off, but still enough to make the driver of the Tahoe hit the concrete median and bounce back into the path of the oncoming cars behind the tanker. Tires screamed as tread tried to dig into the pavement, and the scraping sounds of metal crushing into other cars echoed across the highway.
The SUV flipped over twice before skidding to a stop on its’ roof. Suitcases that had been packed neatly in the rear now became deadly missiles as the SUV rolled and came to an abrupt stop bouncing against the concrete wall. An overnight case that weighed less than seven pounds hit the rear of the driver’s head, breaking his neck. Other cases were thrown out through the broken windows that burst open as it flipped, scattering the contents onto the highway. While the vehicle slid on its’ roof, the ruptured gas tank sprayed gasoline everywhere. When the cars hit the fuel, they slid out of control, slamming into other cars.
Garza pumped the brakes as he steered the Crown Vic into the grass to the right of the cars and ahead of the tanker. Nick and Garza threw open the doors and hit the ground running as the Crown Vic skidded to a halt. Their years of training instinctively guided each of them into the exact motion necessary to save the civilians.
“Get out of your cars! Hurry, get away from the area!” Garza yelled as he ran from car to car, checking to make sure nobody was left trapped in their vehicles.
He could hear people screaming at each other, running away from the wreck ahead and towards him. Then the words everyone feared registered in the back of his mind. “The car’s going to blow. Get back!”
Nick was running to the Tahoe when he heard a child’s screams coming from inside. The cries were coming from a young boy, not even ten years old, who had been riding in the back seat.
He looked through the broken window and quickly sized up the situation. 
“Daddy…help me! Help! I’m stuck!” a boy spitting blood cried. A small girl next to him also hung upside down, unconscious, held in place only by her seatbelt. Her arms hung down, dripping blood. A man, presumably the father, also hung upside down; his head turned at an unnatural angle with bloody eyes staring ahead.
Nick pulled on the door. It was jammed shut by the collapsed roof. The boy’s cries continued but now had started to weaken as he began to lose consciousness. Nick pulled on the handle. The doors were locked and jammed shut. Nick wanted to squeeze in through the broken windows but his muscular frame kept him from climbing inside to rescue the kids. He took a deep breath and pulled on the door again. This time he heard a pop as the steel door screeched, slowly bending open.
He had it cracked open less than a foot when he heard Garza’s voice next to him. ”Move over, Sergeant. Let me get a grip.” Together they bent the door open enough for Nick to squeeze inside and lower the boy to the door.
Nick was able to pass the boy through the opening and said, “Get him to the car. I’ll grab the girl.” He turned to the driver, checked for a pulse then pushed him over. Grabbing the man’s pocket, he pulled out his wallet and stuffed it into his own pants.
Garza carried the boy away from the SUV and set him on the ground by the Grand Marquis and started to wipe the blood from the boy’s face when the explosion rocked the ground below him.
At the same time that Nick unbuckled the girl’s seatbelt he heard the familiar sound of fuel igniting. ‘Whoosh’, then the deafening explosion; the SUV didn’t explode. The fuel ignited on the ground. Wind blew the flames away from Nick and the girl, towards the vehicles and the people on the highway. Everyone turned towards the blast then scrambled to get away from what would be their death in the approaching firestorm.
Flames licked the rear bumper of the Tahoe but the gas tank still didn’t explode. Fire raced away from the SUV and went under the cars that had piled up behind the accident.
Nick kept working, gently pulling the girl out of the crushed frame. When she was free, he stood up and wrapping her in his arms carried her away from the fire and towards the Crown Vic. When he was twenty feet away, the fire ignited the fuel that remained in the gas tank of the Tahoe. At this close range the concussion almost knocked Nick from his feet while glass exploded from nearby vehicle windows.
Garza looked up when he heard the explosion. All he could see was the blinding, massive fireball and then his friend appearing through the fire coming towards him carrying the small girl. He was bent over cradling the girl in the safety of his arms. 
Garza reached out to take the girl, smiled and shook his head, “This woman is a nurse. She was behind us when all hell broke loose.” 
The nurse began checking the girl’s injuries, meticulously doing what she had trained for. “She should be okay. I don’t see any serious injuries. We’ll have to keep her neck stabilized.”
“This is getting bad, real fast. Did anyone call for help?” Nick asked.
“Already done, someone called 911 and they’re in route. But we still need to check those other cars and make sure there are no other civilians in danger. Someone may still be trapped in their car, critically injured.”
Nick smiled. “Good man. You take the cars closest to the grass. I’ll get the ones next to the wall. And stay ahead of the flames.”
Nick tossed the wallet to the nurse, “This came from the driver of the SUV the kids were in”.  Then he crossed over the highway median and ran alongside the concrete wall looking into each of the cars. As he passed along the side of the fifth car, he heard a faint scream come from the floor of the Buick. An old woman cried out again.
“Help, help someone!” The woman had been thrown onto the floor landing on her shoulder. It looked like it had been dislocated and her arm was bent, possibly broken. Her bloody head was on the floorboard with her legs on the seat.
Nick jumped the wall and pulled the door open. Bending over he said, “I’m here ma’am. Hold on. I’m going to pull you out.”
“Easy… oh, its hurts everywhere, careful...”
“Let me get under your arms ma’am. This is gonna hurt like hell, but we have to hurry.”
The woman screamed as Nick quickly lifted her out of the car. He easily carried her frail body along the wall and into the grass alongside the nurse. Now there were others who stood back watching as the two Marines methodically did their job searching for survivors.
***
The fire had spread under the row of cars alongside the wall, gas tanks igniting from the flames underneath them. They exploded one at a time, beginning with the car behind the Tahoe heading back down the highway.
Black smoke quickly filled the air billowing into the sky. The wind blew the smoke away from Nick and the people in the grass, towards the cars behind them. In the distance, through the smoke, the sound of sirens could be heard coming closer.
The fire spread away from the gasoline tanker, wedged sideways on the highway. The driver was straightening it out then moved ahead several hundred yards before coming to a stop. He jumped out and raced back to the accident with his fire extinguisher in hand.
Nick seen him approaching and threw up his hands signaling to throw the extinguisher.
The driver lifted his arms into the air and the canister flew through thirty feet of smoke. Nick caught it while running and raced back to the Tahoe spraying the ground in front of the flames, placing himself between the fire and the people behind him.
“We got it, get back sir!” A fireman shouted as he began to spray foam on the area where Nick was standing.
Nick’s face and ears finally felt the heat and the sounds of the explosions still echoed in his head.  He didn’t notice or hear the other firemen that were working to put out the fires that had engulfed the other vehicles.
Garza appeared next to him and tried to pull the empty extinguisher from Nick’s blackened hands. “They got it now Sergeant Major. Let go…Nick come on. Give me the extinguisher.”
The marines, finished with their rescue returned to the two children who were now being treated by EMTs. The nurse was still there, whispering to the kids, trying to keep them from going into shock. They had lacerations on their heads and arms from the flying glass and the girl was crying uncontrollably for her daddy. An EMT asked Nick several questions about the wallet then went back to the kids.
“Guess we need to head back to the base and cleanup.”
“No, I can wash up at the airport. We still have time to catch my flight.”
Grinning, Garza replied, “You got it, Sarg.”
Garza drove on the grass and side of the hill to get around the sightseers on the shoulder then pulled back onto the highway, racing the last twenty-two miles to the airport. The accident happened only twenty minutes earlier. It was ten-forty-five when they pulled up to the curb.
 Nick checked his baggage at curbside, waved to Garza and began his run to the loading gate. Covered in smoke and blood, Nick ran through the terminal. In less than a hundred feet two airport police jumped in front of him with guns drawn. It took five minutes showing his military ID and explaining about the accident and the flight he had to catch.
A quick call to the attendant at the entrance where he checked his bag and a call to the base cleared him as not being a security threat. A security cart arrived and escorted him to the boarding gate arriving five minutes before his flight began to board.
Nick explained again about the accident on the highway and that he couldn’t miss this flight home to the gate attendant.
She smiled and warmly said, “Why don’t you go ahead and board a few minutes early so you can use the restroom to clean up before the other passengers begin to board.  I’ll call the stewardess on the plane and have some towels ready for you.”
Nick looked down at himself for the first time since the accident and shook his head. “Thanks, it would be great to wash off some of this smoke.” He walked onto the ramp and was on the plane in less than a minute. 
The stewardess showed him to the restroom in first class. Plush, white warm towels were already laid out, waiting to be used.
He peeled the shirt from his bloodied chest and washed away the remnants of the smoke and splattered blood he picked up from the two children. After several minutes he studied himself in the mirror. He was presentable but his clothes were a mess.
He opened the door. Standing in his path stood the stewardess. “I thought you might need a clean shirt. Our steward won’t miss this one. I think it might be a little tight but it’s clean.”
Nick smiled, “Thanks. This’ll be a big help.” 
“Follow me,” the stewardess said after he put the shirt on. She led Nick to an empty seat at the rear of first class. “This is the least we can do for you. You can relax here.” 
Nick sat down and closed his eyes as the plane taxied to get in line for takeoff. The plane climbed high above the clouds then leveled off for the five-hour flight to Lake Tahoe. 
***
Colonel Samuels and his aide stood in front of the TV in his office watching a special news update.
“Repeating, Interstate 95 remains closed in the northbound lanes after an accident claimed the life of an unidentified man earlier this morning. Witnesses said the driver of a gasoline tanker lost control of his vehicle this morning as he approached another pile-up ahead resulting in a second multi-car accident. Witnesses said two Marines evacuated the drivers of close-by vehicles shortly before their cars caught fire. This video from a cell phone shows an unidentified Marine carrying an injured girl away from the resulting fire just seconds after the first explosion. Two children were rushed to Children’s Hospital and are in stable condition. The driver of their vehicle died as a result of head trauma. His identity is not being released, pending notification of relatives. 
Another elderly woman you see was also carried from the explosion by the same Marine just seconds before her vehicle caught fire. She was rushed to the hospital with shoulder injuries.  We’ll have more video and details on the accident later in our noon news. Again, Interstate 95 northbound remains closed at this time.”
“Looks like our boys were at it again,” Colonel Samuels said smiling at the TV.
“Yes sir. I’ll prepare something for the news people for when they call.”
The Colonel went to his desk and pulled out a sheet of paper. He began to write what he thought would be helpful in his report. “Damn paperwork”, he mumbled.



Chapter 3
Nick had grown up the son of a career Marine; so naturally he enlisted and made a life in the service just like his father. But his father died serving his country in an accident, no war, just a helicopter training accident in the states. His father’s military casket was sent home to his wife in Missouri. 
Nick didn’t plan to follow in his father’s footsteps anymore. He had served his country honorably, receiving The Medal of Honor in Iraq. He rescued troops in Somalia and put in his time in Desert Storm. He wasn’t going to die in some foreign country just to have his body sent home like his fathers’. His family deserved better than that. It was time to be with his family back in California.
His being in the Marines most of his life gave him opportunities to visit exotic places and learn the ways of other cultures. He was going to share another experience with his family, one that he learned in India years ago.
Over the years he had sought out special training. These courses taught Nick about believing in your body’s ability to endure severe situations you were placed in. Nick had learned how to walk over hot coals while he was on leave in India over fifteen years ago. 
The dreams confirmed his decision to take the family on a special outing when he returned home. He would prepare them for their journey that was about to begin. 
***
“This is your Captain.” Nick heard over the speaker.
“We will be landing in Lake Tahoe in fifteen minutes. The temperature is seventy-two degrees and if you look out your window you’ll see clear skies. As we begin our descent, I ask that everyone please return to your seats and fasten your seatbelts. Thank you for flying with us today.”
Carrie and Nick’s two children met him at his arrival gate. There was no community fanfare for the returning hero as in the past. This was a special trip home. There were no announcements in the local newspaper. It would be a private homecoming. 
Home, when he wasn’t on a mission for his country, was near Mammoth Lakes, California. The family had come here fifteen years ago, just after Leonard was born. Carrie, a registered nurse, was offered a permanent position at the hospital in Mammoth Lakes. Carrie’s parents lived in town and Carrie had spent her younger years there as well. It had been a treat for her to return home after following her husband around the world for all those years.
Her parents had been thrilled that their daughter and their grandchildren were moving back. Since Nick was gone so much of the time, Carrie’s father offered to supervise the construction of their new home. They all thought the fresh air of the California Sierra Nevada Mountains would be healthy for her and the children. It must have worked because the family was never sick.
Carrie had taken her vacation time all together this year instead of a few days at a time. She had two weeks’ vacation coming, and she had used the first few days to prepare for her husband’s return.
Finally, Nick had come home. If there were any truth to his dreams, his family would have to be in excellent physical condition to survive the nightmare that was to come.
After supper, the family gathered in the Great Room. Leonard wanted to show his dad the video from the last basketball game of the season. He had graduated from the Junior Varsity team and scored the most points that night. 
Sports, particularly basketball and cross-country track were his passion. He loved running up the mountain with his dad when he was home. He liked to challenge his dad to a race every chance he could.
Tonight they watched Leonard play basketball. Nick sat there, leaning forward, cheering every time Leonard scored a point. They all laughed and were comfortable in the safety of their home.
Josie, Leonard’s sister, sat next to her brother, nudging him each time he scored.
Laughing with Leonard on TV, none of them felt the tremors shaking deep in the heart of their mountain. If they would have been sitting around the pool, they would have noticed the ripples in the water and suspected what was coming.
***
The next morning Nick was up at 4:00AM. His body was still used to Eastern Time. It was already 7:00 back on the base. He sat outside by the pool for a while enjoying the early morning sounds of the forest. As he gazed into the dark water, he tried to imagine what he would be doing this coming weekend.
“Why are you up so early?” Carrie whispered as she silently wrapped her arms around Nick’s neck.
Nick smiled. He had felt the vibration of her bare feet on the sidewalk behind him as she approached. “Couldn’t sleep, I’m okay now that I’m home with you. I rested on the plane ride.”
“Come back to bed.” Carrie spoke into his ear. “It’s so nice having you next to me.” As Nick stood up, Carrie wrapped her housecoat around him and he lifted her into his arms, carrying her back to bed.
Nick and Carrie were having their morning coffee when Nick sensed footsteps coming down the carpeted stairs. “Since I’m home for good, think I’ll take a look around the house after breakfast and see what needs to be fixed.”
His son was just entering the kitchen when Nick asked, “Leonard, feel like a hike up the mountain this afternoon?”
Leonard still half asleep grinned, “Sounds good to me.”
After their first breakfast together as a family in two years, Josie began cleaning up and put the breakfast dishes into the dishwasher. Carrie and Nick went outside to inspect the house.
“Let’s take a look around outside,” Nick said as he pulled Carrie away towards the steps.
Their home was build into the side of one of the Sierra Nevada Mountains, well over a mile high. The bedrooms were on the top floor of the three-level house. The view of Mono Lake in the Mammoth Mountain region was a spectacular sight from this height. The great room, kitchen and Carrie’s office were on the main floor. The lower level included the three-car garage, workshop and game room. The game room also doubled as an exercise room on one side. The family liked to work out in their little gym on evenings when Carrie wasn’t working. When Nick was on leave he spent most of his time working out with his son or hiking in the forest on their mountain.
Leonard and Josie loved swimming in the pool next to the house. Carrie’s father had hired a company from Mammoth Lakes to design the unusual pool. It was landscaped to look like a waterfall pouring into a secluded pool of water in the wilderness. Colorful rocks taken from their mountain were cemented around the edges. The inside of the pool was coated with a special dark forest green material. The special epoxy coating had a rough finish almost like rubber. The construction crew supervisor said it was extremely durable and could withstand the extreme temperatures of the mountains and was guaranteed to last for years. They decided to keep the pool heated in the fall letting steam rise from it in the cool weather.
As they walked by the pool, Carrie pointed to the pieces of rock wall that ran along the sidewalk that had fallen into the water. Carrie told Nick she had called her dad last week to come by and repair the rock.
“I’ll be able to put those rocks back in place myself. What else has broken?” As they continued their inspection they walked up the stone sidewalk. Carrie showed him the other repairs she had made on the house. Two of the windows had mysteriously cracked. She had to order new glass from town and her dad installed them as well. Nothing major had broken so she considered herself fortunate. 
Nick was relieved. There would be something to do when they returned from their weekend trip. He wasn’t anxious to look for a job yet. His monthly pension check would be plenty for them to live on. Along with the inheritance from his father’s estate, he didn’t need to work for a few years. His mother had insisted Nick share in the life insurance money. So, depending on what was going on in town, he might wait until after the first of the year to look for something to do. With fall approaching, he had plenty to keep him busy around the house, if that was what he chose. At least he had some options. 
As they walked by, Nick stopped and inspected the roof. “I can see some of the shingles look loose and might need to be tightened up.” 
The outer part of the home was rustic cedar siding, requiring less upkeep. Support posts and beams made from strong cedar tree trunks sunk deep into the ground. The roof was also wooden, made from locally made cedar shake wood.
Nick pointed to the roof. “Up there. I think I’ll climb up on top later to get a better look. A few of the roof shake shingles appear to be loose. They look like some on this side might need to be nailed back in place too.”
They continued their walk. Carrie had been quiet, waiting for the right time to speak about what had been bothering her. “You know it’s really been hard raising the children without you but we’ve managed. Dad’s been a big help but you’re Leonard’s father. He needed you here.”
Nick had left Leonard two years ago when he was only thirteen years old. His son now entered the most important years in a young man’s life and if Leonard was going to grow up responsible, he needed his father with him. Carrie never failed to remind Nick of that every time he came home.
His tour had been in Iraq for over two years. She had told Nick that he was Leonard’s hero, and the other children at Mammoth Middle School envied their classmate for having a real war hero as a father.
Carrie had read the letters Nick would write home telling Leonard only what he was allowed to know about his tours in different countries. The latest tour was in Iraq where he had led his platoon into areas, searching for car bombs along the side of the roads. He was an explosives specialist and knew how to defuse bombs, saving his troops on several occasions. Nick had just recently been assigned to train men for special operations back in Quantico.
Carrie stopped walking and faced Nick, “Leonard’s fifteen years old now. He is a young man.”
“It’ll be better now that I’m home. You’ll see.”
Carrie turned and gave Nick a quick kiss and then continued her prepared speech. “And Josie, she just graduated from Sierra High School this year. When you missed her graduation she was really hurt.” 
“You know I couldn’t help it. I was in Iraq with my men.”
“I know but it still hurt her. You’ll have to do something special with your daughter. She’s still confused about what she wants to do with her life. Maybe together we can help her decide.” 
Carrie looked down for a moment. “You got a package in the mail yesterday. I didn’t open it yet. I thought it might be something to do with your job.”
“It’s a surprise. We can open it later.”
They finished their trip around the house and headed inside.
Nick prepared himself to tell them about the weekend ahead and how their lives would never be the same. When Nick first started having these dreams, he had called his friend Tolly. He had met Tolly Burkan from Sonora over ten years ago when Nick was in India watching hundreds of people walk over hot coals. It was a ritual called Firewalking and he was visiting there, while Tolly was teaching at a Firewalking seminar. Tolly’s business back in the states trained instructors how to teach Firewalking seminars.
Nick thought that some day he would like to have his family take training that taught them the secret of Firewalking. His recent dreams caused him to wonder how the experience of Firewalking was tied to those dreams.
His family needed to know how thoughts affect everything in our lives. That their thoughts can change brain chemistry and bodily functions, even to the extent of walking unharmed over fire.
Nick had everyone sit in the great room. “I have a surprise for you. We’re going on a retreat this weekend. A friend has sent some videos for us to watch. He asked me to bring my family anytime when I came back to the states.”
“What kind of retreat, Dad?” Leonard asked.
“My friend Tolly has sent two books and a DVD for us to read and watch. This is going to be an intensive two-day training class.”
“Honey, what kind of training are we talking about here?”
“Well, you know how sometimes I can do things that seem kind of impossible. This training is going to explain how I can do those things. You see if you need something to happen, or appear, you must believe it will be there when you need it. You focus on that need with a deep desire, like you mentally connect with your thought. Then all that is required is to look around and find it. Whatever you need most, will appear.”
“Honey, why is it going to take a whole weekend? What else is there that you’re not telling us?”
“Tolly has a daughter about Leonard’s age. She learned to do something before she was ten years old.”
“What are you talking about?” Carrie said, shaking her head.
Nick walked over to the package and carefully unwrapped the cassette. “We need to watch the video. Then we can talk some more so get comfortable. You need to see this.”
Since his return home from the Marines Nick wanted to give him and his family time to get to know each other again. The Firewalking retreat would help him figure out the meaning to his dreams and show his family how other people, using nothing but the powers of their mind, could walk over hot coals and through fire.
The family was about to start a new chapter in their lives but now with their father. After this weekend, his family would be changed forever.

Chapter 4
Now he wanted to focus on their retreat in Sonora. The trip would only take a few hours, driving northwest on Hwy 395 to route 108 and then right on into town. Nick and Leonard packed the SUV with their luggage and enough snacks for a much longer trip. The cooler held bottles of ice water rather than sodas. The family had left at 8:00 AM and would hopefully be there by noon.
The first part of the trip took them past the Mono Craters area. This spot was actually part of what is called Long Valley Caldera. Nick had read years ago that geologists had determined that the area was part of a large volcanic complex that stretched from Mammoth Mountain to Mono Lake. About 760,000 years ago, the earth’s surface collapsed more than a mile deep and following the eruption, it formed a depression covering over 200 square miles. Just south of Mono Lake is Panum Crater.  It’s actually a plug-dome volcano where cooled lava created a massive dome-like structure that plugged the volcanic vent at the bottom of the crater. The entire Mono Craters chain actually became a series of plug dome volcanoes that erupted sometime within the last 40,000 years. Now, a community of over twenty thousand people built their homes by a volcano.
The different mountains and craters visible along the highway made the trip appear like they were traveling on a different world. The views made you marvel at what the earth looked like over a half million years ago. All unchanged with sharp boulders pointing to the stars.
After they crossed through the mountains on Route 108, the scenery changed to rolling hills. Here the family decided to take a break and have some water and snacks. Nick pulled over onto a rest area and looked at the scenery while everyone quietly ate their snacks.
Nick broke the silence first. “You know this family in Sonora is going to demonstrate some pretty unbelievable stuff. People from all over the country come here for these seminars.  You know over three million people have taken courses like these around the world and have learned how to Firewalk. You guys watched the DVD showing all those people walking on fire. Now, we’re going to see Firewalking firsthand and you all are going to learn how to do it.” Nick stood up, looked up at the sun and grinned, then started to collect the trash from the snacks.
“What is the trick behind it, dad? Can people really walk through fire with their bare feet?” Leonard said as he stood up and stretched. 
Josie shook her head and said, “You won’t catch me walking over any hot coals or through fire. People that do that must be crazy.” 
Carrie just listened while her family discussed this strange ability. Clearly, her children weren’t looking forward to stepping into fire and walking across hot coals. She knew Nick had already learned how to Firewalk while in India years ago. She wondered why he suddenly decided to take them to this seminar and why at this time instead of waiting for school to let out.
She didn’t understand how it could happen. Carrie, a registered nurse worked at the hospital in Mammoth Lakes taking care of patients in the burn unit. She had seen third degree burns on people that had been in accidents. Burns of that type usually required skin grafts and left permanent scarring. 
If this trip proved anything like Nick had said, it might open her eyes about exactly what the human body’s capable of. She knew that people were learning how to overcome limiting beliefs about their bodies. They were also learning how to overcome fear in all areas of their lives. Carrie had always been open to new beliefs. If there were something to this Firewalking business that would help her family, then she would welcome the experience. Besides, she wondered how people could walk through fire and not get burnt.
***
They arrived outside Sonora a little before noon, found the motel and checked into their rooms. Nick had registered two rooms, side by side, next to the motel office. They had an adjoining door that they would keep open so they could talk at night after their sessions. After unpacking their bags, they agreed to go for lunch and then later, go to the meeting in the afternoon as planned.
The town had a McDonalds and a Hardee’s as well as several other fast food restaurants. But, rather than getting the same old thing, they always agreed when they were in a new place to try the local cooking at a little diner. Driving a couple of blocks from the motel they found just the spot, a small restaurant on a corner with a parking lot next door. Since lunchtime had passed, there were more than a few tables open. Finding one, they sat down and checked out the menu.
“What is your lunch special?” Carrie asked the smiling young waitress.
The waitress showed them their choices on the back of the menu. Looking for a few minutes, they each ordered something different from the menu, ignoring the special. 
“Fried pork chop, or salmon,” said Josie. “Yuck, give me a Big Mac any day.”
“Are you here for the Firewalking seminar?” The waitress asked when she brought their water glasses, looking directly at Leonard. “There is a brochure on the counter if you want one,” the waitress said.
“Thanks, yeah, we are going to check it out,” Leonard said to the cute waitress, smiling.
“Come by again and let me know how it goes. I walked when I was only thirteen years old. It really changed my thinking. You know it’s kind of scary at first but once you understand why you can walk over the coals, it changes your whole outlook on life. You understand that your body can do some pretty amazing stuff if you let it.”
Nick nodded as if he understood what the young waitress’s comment meant. He knew what the family had to learn. He had used his abilities many times in the service. By using his Power of Intention he had saved lives. Nick took chances that other soldiers thought were impossible to do. He knew that by using the power of intention, he could manifest circumstances to be in his favor. He simply changed the odds. All he needed was that mental edge and he could accomplish what had to be done.
After lunch they climbed into the SUV and went to the seminar. Only a few people stood around waiting, about twelve people beside themselves. The people gathered in small groups talking about why they had come to this event. Names and the company they represented were typed neatly on a cardboard badge. People from several major corporations signed up for training as well as others who had attended solely for their personal empowerment and to learn about spiritual insight. 
After a short time listening to some of the visitors, a bald man and a teenage girl entered the room from a side door that no one else had used. They obviously were the hosts of the seminar. 
Leonard watched in awe as the couple walked directly up to his father and gave him a long handshake and a hug, saying how happy they were to see him again. The three talked for a few moments and then Nick introduced his family to the hosts of the seminar. 
Tolly and his daughter Amber would be their hosts for the seminar. Before walking up to the stage they insisted that later that evening Nick and his family join them for dinner so they could talk about recent events in Nick’s life. 
Tolly started to speak. “The first part of our training is you have to give at least 12 hugs each day during our meetings. And we have people here who are watching to make sure you do. This is important in giving your mind the proper love conditioning. You must have love in your life and feel good about yourself to Firewalk. So, introduce yourselves and give some hugs.” 
Everyone started introducing themselves to each other, laughing and hugging. Several young girls about Leonard’s age, daughters to some of the executives, wandered around together. They walked over to Leonard and waited until he started hugging the others and then gave him a quick hug, laughing as they ran off. 
Tolly began his lecture. “Firewalking is an ancient practice. No one seems to know just how old it is or where it began. Shamans, priests, and ordinary folk have, as a religious ritual as well as a healing ceremony, apparently practiced it for centuries. Firewalking is an example of the mind-body connection at work, and a means of demonstrating that we do have control over that process. In a little while we’ll show you some of the things that you will learn. By the time you leave here, you will have a better understanding of what your body is able to do. You will be able to walk on coals reaching over fifteen hundred degrees Fahrenheit. We will show you how to walk on broken glass and even how to bend a thick steel bar three eights inch thick. You have learned through your life what is possible and impossible. You will accomplish the impossible because your mind will be opened to the true potential of the human body.” 
A young man brought some cinder blocks onto the stage and began stacking them three high, like a wall with a missing section at the top. He placed an inch thick board across the twelve-inch hole and stood back.
“When your mind truly believes that what you are about to do is possible, it will be so. My power of intent is strong enough for me to break this board with my bare hand.” As Tolly said this, he looked at the board for a moment then struck the board with his bare hand, smashing it like cardboard sending his hand at least eight inches below the point where the wood had broken.
“I do not practice any special martial arts training. When you see a martial arts person breaking boards, they are using the same thing I am going to teach you. They are using their own Power of Intention and their personal willpower. They know without a doubt that the board will break. They are able to break cinder blocks with their bare hands because they know their hand is able to pass through the material, whether it is brick or wood.”
As he spoke, Amber walked up to the blocks. She looked at them and then thrust her hand through the two-inch thick concrete patio block, her hand sticking out of the bottom eight inches deep without effort. It looked so simple.
Leonard yelled, “Yeah” as she wiped off the dust. Everyone applauded the small girl’s power.
“The first step to learning these things is to actually make the decision that you will successfully accomplish whatever it is you are planning. Whether it is walking across a hot bed of coals, breaking a board or cinder block, or anything else you can imagine. The first thing is to decide. Don’t try and put the necessary steps in any order to accomplish your goal. Believe that the sequence of events will occur for you to accomplish your task. Once you believe, then you have set in motion your personal Power of Intent.”
Tolly looked at Nick and said, “A friend of mine is here with us today. He’s been in the Marines and stationed in some pretty dangerous countries around the world. By using his own knowledge of his mind’s potential, he survived obstacles and saved his men’s lives on numerous occasions. He’s been awarded The Congressional Medal of Honor. He is one of America’s true heroes.”
Leonard grinned at his father. He knew it was him that Tolly talked about. Nick put his arm around Leonard’s shoulder as they listened to the speaker.
“He made decisions on a daily basis by listening to his intuition and using his Power of Intent. Those decisions ultimately caused a sequence of events to happen and finally, the manifestation of his intention. Frequently, it became the means for his men to survive some ordeal they were going through. He didn’t plan how to achieve the task. He put the intent into motion and let the universe work out the details.”
Tolly went on, “Here, for the next two days, you will learn and see how this power can change your personal lives. Some of you are here because your employer is paying for a few days vacation. Others are here to learn leading-edge exercises that will help them attain personal empowerment in their private lives as well as their business environment.
For now, I would like to take a dinner break and then we can all get together and build the fire. There is a special technique necessary to build the fire you’ll walk on. We’ll get the fire started and then break some boards. I’d like everyone back in an hour so we can get started.”
Tolly paused while he looked around the room. “You are about to learn something that will change everything you do for the rest of your lives. You will no longer be afraid of the unknown.”
***
After the dinner break ended the lesson began. Tolly showed everyone which wood to use that provided the best and most consistent heat, with the least sap. The sap could get too hot and possibly stick to their feet. Tolly showed them how to rake out the area you build the fire on. He taught them to prepare for the unplanned things that always seem to happen during the training. They built the first night’s fire in a circle, stacking the wood in a way that only 30 years of experience could teach someone.
Tolly explained, “The wood has to be positioned a certain way, even the splashing of the kerosene is specific to the Firewalk. Different accelerants light and burn differently. Each type of fuel has a specific way of being put on the unlit fire.” 
Then everyone took part in raking the coals smoothing them to walk on. Just after 10PM, the fire reached twelve-hundred degrees and was ready to walk on.
“Naturally, I’ll go first,” Tolly said as he led the way with Amber and Nick following behind.
Then Nick watched as Carrie and both his kids stepped forward and walked the eight feet across the hot coals. After that, people began walking. Some slow, others faster. Leonard and Josie walked several more times that night. After they walked across the coals the first time and found it couldn’t burn them, they couldn’t get enough of walking on the fire.
Nick, now proud that his family had walked on the coals, felt more at ease. Later, both Leonard and Josie bent the steel bar, broke boards and cinder blocks with their hands. 
During the second day, they all walked on broken glass. Everyone took part in the breaking of the glass and the placement of the pieces onto the ground. “Walking on the glass is different from walking on coals. To walk on glass requires concentration on the placement of the feet. You must be careful how you place your feet on the broken glass. If you feel a sharp piece poking you, roll it over and then place your weight down,” Tolly told them.
Being a nurse, Carrie volunteered to watch for blood when each person lifted a foot. Then her turn came to learn and walk on glass.
Later she said, “It felt almost like something was tickling the bottom of my feet.”
That evening Tolly performed again for everyone. He placed an arrow to his throat and pushed the feathered end against a wall until it broke, without harming his throat. Then he had Nick demonstrate with an arrow in a different way.
Nick placed the point of the arrow in the center of his chest, over his heart. He bent forward until the arrow splintered into pieces. He knew the arrow would break, it always did. Nick had done this a hundred times while in the service demonstrating to his men what the mind could do.
When Nick trained his men, he would tell them, “Intent can make miracles happen.” He broke boards, bricks and even bent steel straps like those used in steel cages used by enemies to hold prisoners. The new troops had heard about an instructor that could do impossible things, a legend in the Marine Corp. He was willing to leave all that behind to be a full time father back home.
Over the years, Carrie had never seen Nick do any of the things she witnessed this weekend. She now looked at Nick and her children with different eyes. Her kids had shown bravery she didn’t know they possessed. She had walked across the fire and even walked on pieces of broken glass without cutting her feet. She even broke the boards with her bare hand.
The world had changed around her. Carrie now knew that the impossible is only something your mind perceived. What she had learned as a child just flew out the window with her fears. Carrie learned that your Powers of Intention could protect you, and even save you from harm when you truly believed in your body’s abilities to do the impossible.
Now she began to wonder again, Why did Nick arrange for this training? Why at this point did he feel it was so important to show the children how to walk on fire? Did it have to do with the dreams?
The trip home from the seminar was completely opposite from the trip going to Sacramento. Going there, everyone grumbled quietly and being a little nervous about what they had gotten into. The kids had no clue what they were about to see and learn. Nick could not have taught his own children what they needed to learn. He could have shown them. But these were his children. To learn how to do these things, it would be necessary to see other “every-day people” doing it and learn with them. Now that they had completed the course, they all felt they were ready to take on the world. The kids now understood what Tolly spoke of when he said, “The first thing you must do is make the decision and believe in your heart, and then you will succeed.”

Chapter 5
As they drove up the road leading to their house, Nick noticed something changed but he couldn’t place what. The scenery looked different somehow. When they arrived home Monday afternoon they noticed the broken pieces of glass on the ground. The broken window faced them as Nick drove towards the house. As he pulled into the garage on the lower level Nick said, “Let’s unload the car and then Leonard and I will clean up the mess. I’ll need to cover the window frame with some plastic and then I can go into town and order a replacement.”
After a brief inspection of the house, Nick and Leonard went into town to the hardware store.
When Sam, the owner, seen his friend Nick come in he began laughing and said, “I thought you wasn’t going to be home for a couple of months.” Then with a big grin the six and a half foot retired pro-wrestler grabbed Nick in a bear hug, spinning him around still laughing. “Feels like you’ve hardened up them arms boy.” As he set Nick down he asked, “What brings you into the store today?”
Leonard watched laughing, and then handed over the broken window frame.
Sam looked at it and said, “This is the third broken window this weekend. My glass-man will be back in the morning. I can have the new window ready tomorrow.” They chatted for a few minutes then left.
“Wanna see the town”? Leonard asked as they got back into the SUV.
Driving the long way home Nick couldn’t help but notice how the town had changed in the few years he had been away.
Leonard pointed out the new ski resort on the mountain above the town, and how the new Juniper Springs Resort grew and even began to attract tourists. A lot of out-of-state license plates were on the cars filling the lot.
 The Town of Mammoth Lakes lies east of Mammoth Mountain and had been built close to an inactive volcano. The mountains had minor quakes daily but no one thought much of them. Back in May of 1980, Mammoth Mountain scared the townsfolk when geologists found signs that one of the dome volcanoes might erupt. A lot of people moved away. Nothing happened but still just the scare caused real estate values to plummet. Now, seeing how they lived close to an old volcano belt, it wouldn’t be a bad idea to keep their eyes open. It was unlikely anything would develop but… this many broken windows at the same time could mean trouble.
When Nick and Leonard returned home, they went to the back of the house to investigate the rock wall. “Hey dad, want to hike up the mountain? We can check out the dead trees mom told you about.”
“Sure, let’s grab our boots.”
Nick grabbed a canteen and some Baggies then the two of them put on their leather-hiking boots and headed out the door up the hill. The house, built at the top end of the road, already rose over a mile straight up from the valley. They still had to hike another mile climbing around the mountain.
They hiked about an hour to get to the dead trees. On the way they passed close to the rock cliff on which Nick had taught the two kids how to rappel. Over one hundred feet high, it had become a great place for Nick to teach his kids how to climb. They had been here many times over the years. He had started teaching Leonard when he reached eight years old and he became a natural climber.
Nick gave the kids a strict rule. “Never climb when I’m not here. It’s dangerous without an experienced partner.”
Arriving at their destination Nick noticed something odd. Even the normally green grass and brush had turned a dirty brown. Nick pulled out a plastic baggie that he always carried with him when hiking. Since you never knew what you would find, his training taught him to be prepared.
“I’ll grab some of this soil.” He put his hand inside the baggie, pulling it inside out and scooped a handful of dirt leaving it inside. Then he sealed it shut and put the sample in his zippered pocket for later. He heard when carbon dioxide is found underground it’s usually a sign of some type of problem below the surface. The dead trees could be bad news.
Further around the hill hidden behind dead brush sat their water pool. During the summer they would cool off in the mountain spring water. He wanted to check that out as well. A fifteen-foot waterfall fed the pool. The water then fed back into the ground and disappeared into the mountain. When they hiked closer Nick noticed the brown water and the smell of rotten eggs that hung in the air as they approached.
“What is that smell?” Leonard said as he looked around for the source. He pointed to a small carcass lying dead on the dirty ground. It appeared to be a half rotted fox with a red bushy tail. It looked like it had been rotting there for quite a while.
Nick picked up a limb to roll the fox over. “That’s not the smell of a dead animal. Remember the smell, its like sulfur. Sort of like rotten eggs.” 
“What do you think killed it?”
“It’s hard to tell son. It may have died from the water. If the water is poisoned with acid or something else it could have died within a few minutes of taking a drink and it just lay down to die.”
Nick stood up and challenged Leonard. “Let’s get back to the house. I’ll race you.” He put a sample of water into another airtight Baggie. They wouldn’t need much to analyze with, about 80 ml, about the size of a good cigar. 
They raced downhill, with Leonard having a head start of about thirty yards. Their strides going down the mountain were at least four to five feet long. The two ran and at times seemed to leap over gullies six feet wide. They got home in less than half the time it took to climb up the mountain.
As they walked in Leonard burst out with the news of what they found. “We found a half-eaten fox up by the dead trees. It was really gross. His eyeballs rotted away and his belly had burst open.”
Carrie stopped preparing dinner and looked directly at Nick, “Take off those muddy shoes. Now…what do we need to worry about?”
“I don’t know yet. We’ll have to do some more checking. There might be something going on with the mountain. I’m going to take this dirt and water to the US Geological Survey office in town. We’ll see what they have to say.”
Nick placed the water bag into a small jar and sealed it with packing tape so it wouldn’t leak or allow air into the bag’s contents. He then taped the baggie containing the soil shut so it wouldn’t break open. Times like this he appreciated the local office where he could take these samples. They had a lab equipped with all the latest testing equipment and would analyze the samples quicker than sending them half way across the country.
Nick reminded Carrie that the area they built their house on rested west and higher up than the town. Their home sat on their own nine thousand foot high mountain. Yosemite National Park's eastern entrance was located just thirty-two miles north of the town situated at the base of the smaller mountains.
“Sam told me about some other broken windows customers brought in. The area has had thousands of minor tremors over the years. That’s what likely caused the windows to break. Just in case, let’s watch for anything else unusual.”
“Like what?” Carrie asked.
Nick answered matter-of-factly, “Things falling outside or even in here off the walls. You know…things that don’t seem right. Let me do some checking in town. Tomorrow we’ll decide if there is anything to worry about.”
Leonard walked over to his sister, leaned over her shoulder and said, “That dead fox made me hungry. What’s for dinner?” He laughed at her reaction of the reminder of the rotten fox.
“Dad, let me show you the brochures I have and what I’ve decided to do about college,” Josie said.
“Let me clean up, then we’ll sit down and you can show me what you have. That should give your mother time to finish fixing dinner.”
Nick went up to his bedroom, took off his clothes and jumped into the shower. The view through the window to the mountains across the valley allowed him to see for miles on a clear day. When it rained, he could look down over the tops of the clouds. Nick dried off, put on a pair of sweat pants and a tee shirt and headed downstairs.
Josie sat patiently waiting for her father. She had been sorting through the different brochures of college information she collected. She practiced what to say about college and wanted to show her father how she had matured while he played at being a hero. She sat next to him and passed over the brochures. “I’ve decided I want to go to Washington University in St. Louis. It’s close to grandma and I could even stay there while I attend school. She always said I could come and stay with her anytime. It’s one of the top rated schools and even has the special classes I wanna take.”
Nick smiled looking at the pamphlets she had gathered and looked into Josie’s eyes. “I think that would be great. Let’s have them send us the registration information. I suppose your mother agrees already?”
Josie smiled and said, “Yeah, we’ve been over the pamphlets a thousand times.”
“All right then. We’ll call grandma later.” 
Josie had finished selling her father on the idea of going away to college as Carrie announced it was time to eat. Everyone went to the table for dinner. Josie couldn’t hold back her enthusiasm. She chatted all during the meal and even offered to clean the table. Carrie quickly accepted the offer, so she and Nick went into the great room and turned on the local news. 
“I can tell you’re worried. What’s going on Nick?” Carrie said as she cuddled up next to him on the brown leather loveseat.
Nick spoke slowly being careful how he broke the news. “Everything all added together makes me think there could be a problem with Mammoth Mountain. There are also some strange things happening here on our mountain. Let’s see what I find out in the morning.”
Carrie sat there quiet for a moment, “Nick, why was it so important that we had to go to Sonora?”
“Carrie, these dreams I’ve been having show the kids running through fire on the mountain. I’ve got to prepare them every way that I can. If I’m not with them when the dream happens, I don’t know what I’d do. I can’t take a chance of losing them. All of you are my life. We all have to be ready, whether it’s tomorrow, next week or next year.”
Carrie leaned closer and squeezed Nick’s arm. “It’s gonna be okay. The kids showed so much courage this weekend. Stop worrying.”
 That night Nick dreamt about his family running through flames again. This time when he woke up, he could feel Carrie next to him and he held her even closer, trying to go back to sleep. He lay there for another hour staring into the darkness wondering what would happen next. “Whatever happens, I’m home now and we’re ready.”  he said to himself.
Chapter 6
Cool weather and bright sunshine started the day. The October nights would get down into the thirties and daytime would only reach up into the sixties. Nick had to remind Leonard to grab his jacket as they headed out to school. Leonard had already missed class last week and yesterday.
Nick didn’t believe in skipping school without a good reason. Living this far from school, almost an hour drive, either Carrie or Josie drove him into Mammoth Lakes each day. Today Nick had the honor. He didn’t mind, since he had been getting up before dawn for the last thirty years.
When they pulled up to school, Leonard grabbed his book bag, “See you later dad. Don’t forget to pick me up at three.” He waved and ran up to his friends as they all headed into the new two-story brick building. He had a lot to tell his friends about the Firewalk and the other things he’d seen while in Sonora.
Nick headed over to the US Geological Survey office so he could drop off the samples. They needed to test them as soon as possible. When he arrived, there were already several cars parked in front with out-of-state license plates. US Geological Survey emblems that decorated the side doors caused him to wonder what’s up.
Nick opened the extra wide double door and the talking inside immediately stopped. An older man that Nick didn’t recognize asked how they could help him.
Nick explained, “I have a house on one of the mountains. Yesterday I found some unusual things that I thought might be worth bringing by.”
He gave the man the soil and water samples after showing exactly where he lived on the large map that hung on the wall.
“There are large patches of dead grass here and here an when you smell the water you’ll notice the sulfur smell,” Nick said as he pointed to the exact spots on the wall map.
A second heavy-set older man with red hair appeared to be in charge “I’m the Lead Scientist and Supervisor in charge of Long Valley Observatory. My name is McNamee. We continuously monitor the entire area for ground deformations, like bulges or sudden rises in the surface area. My scientists are constantly watching for any sharp increases of sustained seismic activity. We evaluate weeks and months of data to try and determine if there is a cause for alarm. Step over here and you can see a live graph of seismic activity. This whole Caldera has minor earthquakes every day. They’re all small, usually under a magnitude of 2.0. “
“Is there a sensor monitoring my particular mountain?”
“The closest active sensor is about 3 miles to the south. Look here and you can see its recording small activity even at this moment.”
“Then you don’t think there’s any reason to worry?”
“For now, I think the entire area is undergoing something, but usually earthquake activity doesn’t necessarily indicate volcanic activity.”
“What about the sulfur and dead trees and brush?”
“That’s a different story. Thanks for the samples you brought in but we need to gather our own specimens in a controlled container. I’m afraid these won’t do us any good.” The scientist dropped Nick’s samples in the trashcan then turned back to Nick. “We’ll continue monitoring the area for anything important and I’ll send someone out to your mountain to gather water and soil samples we can analyze. Someone will be in touch with city officials if anything significant develops. Thanks for coming by.” Turning his back to Nick, the scientists quietly resumed their discussion.
Nick, not used to this type of dismissal, stared at the man’s back as he went about his duties.
 Nick returned to the hardware store. Sam saw him enter. “The window won’t be ready until this afternoon Nick.” 
“That’s okay Sam. I’m hoping you can answer a couple of questions for me about those other broken windows. Can you tell me when they were ordered and who ordered them?”
Sam got out the work order book he kept under the counter and looked up the names. Both houses were within a few miles of Nick’s mountain.
“What about windows broken over the last few months?” Nick asked.
“There’s only been one window broken in the last three months and it came from a tree limb that fell onto the house. Why do you need to know?”
“I’m just trying to do a little investigating of my own Sam. Trying to figure out what’s behind the window breaking this weekend. I’ll be by later for that window.”
Nick headed home deciding he would wait for something more definite before he would tell Carrie about his concerns. He still had that uneasy feeling in his gut. “Something’s about to happen.” he kept saying to himself, something he didn’t want to consider. If he would follow his own advice as he taught his men, he would take his family on an extended vacation right now. “Do as I say, not as I do.” He repeated to his men, but not now. He mentally scolded himself for not paying attention.
Nick used his intuition all the time. If he needed an answer, he thought about it and asked his inner self for the truth. Over the years he trained his men everything he knew about explosives and bomb disposal. He always told them to pay attention to their own intuition. To always use their gut feelings. If it felt wrong, it usually proved him right.
Nick would say to his men, “Scientists have proven that when you pay attention to your gut you are using Kinesiology. Ask yourself a question. The wrong answer will make you weak. Your gut will cramp up. The right answer gives you strength to go on. Use it when you’re unsure of what to do next.”
He hated to take Leonard out of school and have Carrie miss her work. Her clinic depended on her experience with patients requiring emergency treatment. Besides the scientist said it was too early to be concerned. He would wait a little longer to see if anything else happened. 
***
When Nick walked through the garage door, he immediately sensed a problem. Several broken items were on the floor. He could hear Josie and her mother upstairs cleaning up some mess. “What’s going on? No, let me guess. There’s been another tremor?” Nick said as he bent over to help.
“This one lasted almost thirty seconds. You better check the other rooms. It just happened a few minutes ago. I haven’t even had a chance to check the rest of the house,” Carrie said.
Nick went back downstairs and started mentally assessing the damage. A large picture frame’s glass lay scattered all over the carpet. Looking in the garage he found a wrench lying on the floor instead of hanging on the wall where it normally hung. He bounded up the steps past Carrie and Josie to the third level and began looking in the bedrooms. His dresser mirror had fallen onto the floor. Small things had fallen off the furniture, little dust collectors he called them. One window had cracked in the bedroom. An angel lamp had fallen off a table in Josie’s bedroom; one of her favorites, given to her by her grandmother when they built the house years earlier.
He leaped down the steps to where Carrie continued her cleanup and told her about the damage. “I’m going outside to check for damage to the outside of the house.” He went out looking around for more destruction. The rock walkway around the pool had a new crack and a piece of rock lay at the bottom of the crystal clear water. As he walked around the outside of the house, Nick could see several new small cracks in the foundation of the house. That could develop into a problem: another strong tremor might cause further structural damage to the house.
Back inside the house he told Carrie about the damage outside. Then he explained about his visit to the US Geological Survey office in town. “They told me if anything developed that the public needed to be aware of, they would go through proper channels with the city. He said that they’re monitoring the seismic activity here but its minor and nothing to worry about. I think we need to pack our valuables and get some clothes together. Leave them downstairs in case we need to make a quick exit out of here.”
“Want me to pack some of Leonard’s clothes?” Josie asked.
“Good idea, we need to be ready just in case. With the foundation cracked like it is, I think it best if we leave after Leonard gets out of school,” Nick said as he stood up. “Forget about the cleaning up. Just start packing and get together what we’ll need.”
“I’m calling Dad in town,” Carrie said. “We can go there for a few days till things settle down.” They had moved here because of the beauty of the mountains and the property prices were excellent after the previous scare. Carrie called her dad and talked for a few minutes, then hung up the phone. “Dad says nothing unusual has happened in town. He says there are always earthquakes in town and up here in the mountains. Nothing has ever come of them. Mom and Dad would love for us to stay with them. She thought about what her dad had told her. It was true they noticed tremors over the years. Things broke and got fixed. It was almost a way of life around here. Maybe Nick was over-reacting, she wondered.
Nick reminded Carrie and Josie, “We need to stay calm and not get excited. Remember what Tolly told us. He said, “When you need an answer, you must listen within. Our consciousness has all the answers we will ever need.”
As they sat for a moment at the table Josie asked, “Daddy, I think you’re worrying too much. Do you think Mammoth Mountain is getting ready to erupt?”
“Josie, I’m not sure. I know there have been an unusual number of tremors lately and I don’t like the dead trees and dead brush up the hill. Also, the mountain pool of water used to be so clear. Now it’s not, it smells like rotten eggs. I think we need to be prepared for the worst. If Mammoth Mountain does erupt, we’ll be safe from the lava. The ash from the fallout could be heavy. And, these continuous earthquakes could be enough to cause serious damage to our home’s foundation. It already shows a lot of damage. If there is an eruption, depending on the lava flow, the town could even be destroyed.”
“Why now?” Josie asked.
“It may not be ready now. But I do think there is something happening and we need to be aware of it. They told me there are over half a million earthquakes a year worldwide and most of them are never even felt. These quakes might be nothing either, but we need to be prepared just in case,” Nick said with a hug and a worried look.
His father had told him years ago while in the service, “There will always be unexpected things happening in your life. If you are ready for them, then they can’t hurt you or catch you by surprise.”

Chapter 7
Nick headed out of the house to pick Leonard up from school at 2:00. “I’ll be back in a little while so be ready to go to your dad’s when I get back.” Driving down the road, Nick tried to see new damage on the mountain. Trees still stood and there weren’t any signs of fallen rocks on the roadside. Driving into town everything looked normal.
Nick waited, standing beside his car outside of the school when Leonard walked out of the white doors with his friends.
As Leonard jumped into the SUV he noticed all the bags in the back. “Why is the luggage in the back? You’re leaving us again, aren’t you?”
“I’m never leaving you guys again. You’re stuck with me now.” Nick told his son what had happened at the house and that they were going to stay at his grandparents in town for a few days. “I need to go see Sam for a few minutes first,” Nick said.
When Sam saw Nick walk in he asked, “What’s all the commotion down at the Geological office, Nick? Heard there’s a bunch of government cars going in and out of there. Think something is going on that we should know about?”
“Sam, we had some more damage at the house today. Think we’ll stay at my in-laws here in town for a few days. But first, I think I’ll go over there and see what I can find out.” Nick said as he walked out.
“Let me know what you find out Nick,” Sam shouted as his friend headed towards the door.
Nick waved and walked back to Leonard waiting in the car. “Let’s stop at the Geological Survey office. Then we’ll head home,” Nick said as they drove off.
Pulling up outside of the office Nick couldn’t help but notice all the new cars with government emblems on their doors. This time when he entered, nobody noticed him enter. As they spoke amongst themselves, Nick tried to listen to several conversations at once, hoping to hear something important. Finally, someone noticed the strangers standing in their midst and asked if they could be of any assistance.
“Just wondering if anyone has noticed the increased seismic activity on my mountain today?” Nick asked.
A young scientist walked over. “We’re monitoring the seismic activity in the whole area as we speak. We can tell the depth of the tremor, actually pinpointing the depth from the surface. In your case, they’re averaging four kilometers. There have also been some minor quakes in the Mammoth Mountain area, but again, the strength hasn’t spiked to anything unusual. “
“What about my mountain? What’s going on with those sudden tremors?”
“Mr. Rice, while there have been a few larger than normal tremors, we’re still not seeing anything that warrants our raising the alert status. When you consider that the south slope of Mammoth Mountain has had large amounts of carbon dioxide accumulating over the years and the sulfur gas buildup in the area. I actually have more concern about that area,” he said as he pointed to a different area on the wall map. 
McNamee admitted, “If you’re overly concerned about our capabilities to do our job, maybe you should pack up your family and leave your mountain for a while. We’ve been talking about raising the threat level up from green. With the recent tremors this morning and again this afternoon they aren’t sustained for long periods of time and the frequency doesn’t indicate immediate action is necessary for the town’s citizens. Also, I do have a scientist scheduled to go out to your mountain in the morning to get some samples. Will you be available to show him where you took those samples?’
“I’ll be home if nothing has caused me to evacuate prematurely,” Nick answered as he turned to leave.
“Thanks again for coming.” McNamee put out his hand expecting to shake Nick’s hand but he had already turned his back to leave. For some reason the Supervisor felt intimidated by this man that had stood in front of him, coldly staring into his eyes. “This stranger gives off the feeling of death itself and he is standing here in front of me. This man is dangerous, very dangerous. I can feel the hairs on my neck sticking up.”
The Lead Scientist sighed, relieved that Mr. Rice was gone. “Was he right? Is something about to happen? Is that why he felt death so close?”
Nick and Leonard both ran from the building. Leonard jumped down the steps three at a time and lunged into the car.
Nick threw his cell phone to Leonard, after looking briefly into his son’s eyes and said, “Son, this feels bad. I don’t know why but I think we need to get out of here now. We’re going to take another trip, maybe permanently.”
As Nick raced home Leonard asked questions about where they were going and for how long.
Since Nick didn’t know the answers he said, “I don’t know yet. Your mother wants to stay in town with her parents. I feel we need to move farther east away from these mountains. The Sierra Nevada Mountains are probably not the best place to live right now.”
Nick backed the SUV into the garage and told Leonard to help his sister load up the Camry. “You have five minutes to get anything else that you must have,” he told Leonard. “We may never be able to come back.” He then ran up the stairs to see his wife carrying two bags of food. Josie hurried, packing the cooler as if they were going on a campout.
“What happened, what did you find out?” Carrie asked as she tossed the bags down the steps.
Nick told her about his visit at the Geological Survey office. Then he told her, “I’m afraid we’re not staying with your parents. We need to head east, past Lake Tahoe away from the mountains.” 
“Did you pack your jewelry, insurance policies and personal papers? Anything we might need if we need to resettle somewhere else.”
Carrie started loading the bags into her car and then the tears started to flow. When Josie saw her mother crying, she started too. They were both upset that they had to leave on such short notice.
Josie asked, “Do we really need to leave so fast?” 
The house began to shake again.
Leonard packing up in his room felt the quake hit and yelled, “I’m coming down now.” He ran down the steps three at a time, carrying his possessions in a gym bag.
The quake lasted, it seemed forever this time. It was clearly the strongest. Both vehicles were pulling out of the garage when Leonard jumped into the lead vehicle driven by his dad. The cars spun gravel as they took off down the long drive. The large support beams of the house collapsed and the walls began to cave in before they left the driveway.
They all looked back as part of the shake shingle roof fell. When they had their house built, they chose to have a road dug into the mountain and twist up the hillside almost two miles long. Their driveway wound up the mountain at an altitude of over five thousand feet. The route the road took was over twice the length at over two miles.
Carrie was following in the Camry when another quake began just a few minutes later, this one even stronger than the last. She tried to keep control of her car but noticed trees starting to fall. It looked like a tall pine tree headed directly for Nick in front of her. She blasted her horn but Nick had already sensed the large pine tree falling.
He stepped on the gas, spinning his tires and the tree struck directly behind him, in Carrie’s path narrowly missing her car. She slammed on the brakes, swerving to the right plowing off the road, luckily striking a tree on the side of the road that dropped at a forty-five degree slope. Another few feet and the car would have careened over the edge of a steep cliff.
Nick’s SUV screeched to a stop scattering gravel as soon as the tree crashed behind him. He couldn’t see through the tree limbs but he knew Carrie’s car didn’t make it in time. Nick and Leonard were out of the SUV as soon as it stopped and rushed back to Carrie’s car.
Nick reached Josie’s side first having to climb down to her door. He tore open the dented door and pulled his shaken daughter from the wreckage. Carrie tried to open her door but it had jammed shut from the impact to the left front panel. Nick yelled, “Get out on Josie’s side. Hurry we need to move.” She tried to get over the passenger seat but it took too long. There wasn’t enough room to climb over the console so Nick instinctively pulled on the bucket seat, ripping it from the floorboards.
Everyone crowded into the SUV and they cautiously proceeded down the mountain. They heard a loud continuous explosion high above their heads. Everyone turned except Nick who kept driving. “What is it?” Nick yelled out above the roar.
A cloud of smoke shot in the air somewhere above their house and through the trees. Then rocks began falling from the sky hitting the road and car, like hail during a summer storm, except some of the rocks were as large as baseballs. Within moments one of them crashed through the windshield, spraying glass everywhere, narrowly missing Nick.
Nick shouted, “Get down, be sure you’re buckled up and cover your heads.” The sound on the roof reminded Nick of his younger days using a roof of an old jalopy back in high school for batting practice. When they looked up again fire began falling from the sky.
It reminded him of fireballs being launched from a catapult in medieval times. Fire fell everywhere, covering the road making maneuvering the SUV nearly impossible. It had four-wheel drive transmission but it didn’t help as the tires started to catch fire. The SUV began to slow down, then crawled as its’ descent changed from running on rubbery fire to steel rims. As Nick brought the car to a stop they all looked at him for a plan. “We can walk faster than we’re going now.”
Nick looked up at the fire falling from the sky and realized what his dreams had been about. They had been a premonition of a future reality. The dreams were a warning, preparing him for this moment. Now he knew what must be done.
He looked at his family, knowing they would survive, but only with his guidance. “All right, I’ve been through tougher times in the war. Instead of driving around the mountain on the road, we’re getting out and going straight down to the bottom. There isn’t anyone shooting at us.  There isn’t any gunfire to dodge, just rocks.”
Taking a breath Nick continued, “We’re pretty high up and its’ going to get hot out there before we get to the bottom. Just remember what Tolly told us, “The human body has a mechanism to cool itself. Our respiration, our perspiration and circulation all play a part in the cooling process of our body and they all are connected to the brain.”
Nick looked at his family and said, “Know it as truth. We did it before. We walked through fire and now we’re going down the mountain through the fire to the bottom. We’re getting away from here into the valley below and remember…watch your heads for falling rocks and fire.”
They each grabbed a backpack and headed down the mountain into the fiery hell waiting for them below.
***
McNamee ran outside when he heard the eruption. From the wooden porch of the US Geological Survey office he could see smoke in the distance rising from a mountain about eight thousand feet in height. “Which mountain is that?” He yelled inside to anyone listening.
“That’s where the man from a little while ago lives. Mr. Rice, he brought in the samples.”
“It’s not very close to Mammoth Mountain. What seismic activity is showing up?” the Supervisor yelled back.
“His mountain just showed a 4.3, not really that strong.”
“What about Mammoth, is it showing any strong activity?” he yelled back.
The technician replied, “Not much, but there are some deep tremors going on that are about three to four on the scale.”
“This isn’t a plug dome like on the lower side of Mammoth Mountain. We’ll have magma flowing in a few minutes. Someone better get the National Guard on the phone for me.”
Visibly shaken over these recent events, he hadn’t misread the data. This eruption shouldn’t be happening. While everyone inside watched the monitors the Supervisor yelled to no one in particular, “Here comes the magma.” The lava sprayed skyward shooting flames a hundreds of feet into the sky. A whisper left his trembling lips, “God help anyone left on that mountain.” He went back inside to tell the news to the National Guard. While he waited on the phone, he silently began to pray.

Chapter 8
They all understood it would be a hard run down the mountain. They all had killer bodies, thanks to the exercise room on the lower level. Leonard had enjoyed track and basketball at school and Josie had been a cheerleader for two years. They both exercised plenty at school but their personal gym at home got the credit for their stamina.
Carrie had a great shape. When Nick wrestled around with her he couldn’t pinch any fat. She didn’t get that much exercise at work. She mostly walked around and talked with patients. Hopefully she exercised regularly at home. Nick specifically bought her a treadmill and a few other machines so she could run as part of her exercises regiment. He hoped she used it faithfully. With a smile he asked her now if she would be okay.
She smiled back at Nick. “You don’t think I can make the run? The kids and I exercised almost every evening till you came home. I wanted to keep you happy with my girly figure. Now, let’s make this run and get off this damn mountain.” She faced her kids and said, “Let’s show your father what we can do.”
But they couldn’t just run like on a treadmill or around a track, protected by air-conditioning or school property. Here, there were rock formations to climb over with bushes and ferns everywhere. They couldn’t run down a path, constantly stopping, brush keeping them from seeing the ground in many areas. They had to jump and climb their way down.
Most of the time, they had to walk around the fires that kept springing up and starting new fires everywhere. The showering rocks had let up, but their run down the mountain had been slowed by their need to watch for a path through the brush and fire.
The scene reminded Carrie of the fires in southern California she had seen on the news every year around this time.
“Look at that!” Leonard yelled as he pointed to the sky. They all stopped for a moment watching the horror above.
Just as they were starting to make progress an ear-shattering roar shook the air around them. Immediately afterwards they felt the concussion from somewhere close below them that knocked them all to the ground. The fire lit up the dark sky. Something had blown up towards the center of the mountain, pushing an enormous fireball up the mountain towards them.
A generator had been installed when they built the house so they wouldn’t have to run power lines miles across the valley to their mountain home saving them thousands of dollars. The propane tank that ran the generator sat down here somewhere far from the house. It ran close to the long driveway and shrubs camouflaged the unit blending it in with nature.
They all instinctively reached to cover their ears, the blast so close that their breath burned from the heat. The fiery fingers reached out towards them and metal shrapnel flew past their heads.
As they all ducked behind rocks Carrie remembered the propane tank. She had refilled it just before Nick came home. With fall coming she wanted it filled for the cold nights. Now, instead of helping prepare for the cold winter, the gas exploded the air above their heads sucking in the oxygen. The intense fire now covered a much larger area, blocking their downward path.
 “It’s the propane tank. I just had it refilled,” she yelled to everyone. 
Nick shouted back, “The earthquake must have caused a rupture and the propane gas ignited from the falling fire. It looks like we have to find a way around to the other side of the mountain. It’s too hot in front of us.”
The fire scorched all around them, only the safety of the rocks kept them from being incinerated from the brief fireball. The brush and bark on the trees smoked as it burnt off.
“We have to get back up the mountain out of this heat. The brush needs to finish burning and then we need to make a run back up a couple hundred feet.”
To get to the other side meant going back up several hundred yards, around a cliff that loomed directly in front of them. Dropping more than a hundred feet down, the fall to the bottom of the bluff left them no other options.
“Dad, we could make it down the cliff if we had our gear.”
Nick and Leonard could have made it down in seconds if they had a rope, but they hadn’t taken the time to bring their rappelling equipment.
“I know we could son, but we just have to run for it.”
Carrie knew they were heading back up towards the house. She could just barely get a glimpse of the remains of the house. “There’s the house, what’s left of it. When lightning flashes you can make out the shape of where it used to be.”
They could see it above them about a thousand feet up the front of the mountain. It had caught fire and the wooden slate roof had collapsed pulling down the walls around it. Water rushed down the hillside from the area where the swimming pool had been. The water had helped extinguish some of the fire above them where they had come through earlier. Now the limbs on the trees had burnt off, leaving only smoking fingers reaching up to the sky.
As they plowed upward on their new path to the other side of the mountain, ash started falling from the sky. It was almost a beautiful wintry sight. 
Nick knew that this falling gray snow would be deadly to his family’s lungs if they breathed in too much of it. “Cover your mouths with something,” Nick shouted. “That ash will turn into concrete if it gets into your lungs.” 
As they climbed around to the far side of the mountain Nick could see the ground far below begin to glow. They could make their way back down the mountain but he had to calculate the glow below them.  He had to find the easiest route back down or they all might walk into a river of molten lava. As they got closer, the glow grew brighter. Lava flowed in the same direction as their descent. 
“Listen to me very closely,” Nick shouted as he stood in front of them. “I have learned in my life that the power within each of us is greater than anything that the universe can throw at us. I have dodged bullets. I’ve broken through brick walls. I have escaped from steel cages by bending the bars. We all together have walked on fire, broken bricks and bent steel.” Looking at each of his family he reminded them, “Remember what Tolly told us about the Spirit of Fire. When we get in touch with the Spirit through our consciousness, the fire won’t harm us. Now we must do the same thing that we learned just last week. Our Powers of Intention will allow us to overcome any obstacles thrown at us. Together, our combined power will let us overcome a little volcano.  This is our mountain and now we are leaving it for a better place. Let’s get off this mountain.”
He spoke with authority as if he were on a mission with his men. There couldn’t be any room for doubt in his mind, and there couldn’t be any in the minds of his family. This would be just another trek through the forest. Down the mountain they went, heading toward the lava flow below them.
“We need to follow the river of lava to the bottom,” Nick said. “We need to watch for a place to get across. We now know that the heat can’t harm us. The fumes and ash hasn’t hurt us. Remove all doubt from your minds and we will get through this.”
Again, they continued downward but now the end to their journey seemed to be in sight. All they had to do was get ahead of the lava flow. Nick stopped and surveyed where they needed to go. “There’s no way to know how much magma is leaving the mountaintop. Our mountain could be the main vent of many, or the only vent for the magma to escape from inside the mountain. If we don’t get ahead of the flow we’ll have to go where the lava has already passed and then attempt to cross over to safety.” 
Then they ran. If brush had already burnt in their path, Nick tore it from the ground. If ravines crossed ahead, they ran jumping over them like small ditches. The many rocks and boulders on the mountain seemed to constantly make climbing and jumping necessary for them to get over on their journey downward.
While running, Nick heard a familiar sound up above. A helicopter hovered high over the mountain. 
Josie stopped and looked up, “Finally, someone to help us.” 
“Honey, the heat is too intense for them to come much closer. With the fires all around us they can’t be of any help right now. We have to keep going. We’re still on our own. We can’t stop.”


Chapter 9
Above their heads, five hundred feet in the air, a news helicopter had their spotlight aimed below to survey the area. The occupants weren’t prepared to help victims fleeing to safety. Their job had to be to broadcast the eruption of the volcano. The family’s run to safe ground down the side of this volcano was a bonus. No one knew about the survivors until now.
Eric Reynolds, the cameraman, sat next to the pilot in the helicopter. He communicated with the newsroom back in Lake Tahoe about the turn of events and the journey of these people fleeing down the mountain and broadcast it nationwide. All eyes had started watching shortly after the volcano erupted, forced this family to try to escape the fire.
The newsroom staff had found out who these fugitives running through the fires of hell were. The war hero Marine Sergeant Major Nick Rice and his family attempted to try and run for their lives. He was taking his family down this fiery inferno to safety at the bottom of the mountain.
The pilot wished that he could be of some help, but they had done all they could. Watch and videotape this volcanic event is how their assignment began. 
The National Guard wouldn’t arrive for at least another hour. They would help in the evacuation of the town, leading the citizens of this doomed town to safety. This family, fleeing the fire and lava flow below, became totally isolated from any help once they tried to leave their home. Nothing could be done for them. They had to keep going.
The cameraman continued broadcasting their downward flight. At times it appeared the family soared over gaping ravines in their path. He watched them as they ran through brush fires and leaped over fallen burning trees. Everywhere they turned, fire had beaten them there. Now, it looked like they were heading straight for the river of lava below.
***
On the other side of the Sierra Nevada Mountains, in Sonora, their friend Tolly and Amber watched their friend’s journey. He empathized with his friends and knew this to be a near impossible feat for anyone. He also knew that if anyone could survive, it would be Nick. He started recording the live newscast on his VCR so he could give it to Nick when the family found a new home.
He asked Amber to sit with him and together visualize in their mind’s eye how the Rice family could survive.
Tolly knew that the mind was a strong ally in times of need. He and Amber would help Nick and his family by praying and sending their positive powers of intent to help. He called some of his closest friends and told them who this hero was and to send intentional power through the air to help, and to pass the word to send intention to survive. They called on the Powers of the Universe, who some others refer to as God, to aid this family in need.
It appeared they were following the river of lava to the bottom of the mountain. From the helicopter’s position above, the nation could see any new danger that lay ahead before the family approached. Eric knew the eyes of the nation were glued to their televisions anticipating the next turn of events.
Eric turned. He changed the camera angle bringing a distant mountain into view. Another mountain spewed columns of smoke. They couldn’t hear the eruption yet, but the mountain less than ten miles away sent a column of smoke high into the air followed by flaming lava. The helicopter would have to leave soon. The falling ash from the second volcano would get into the engine and if they didn’t land they would be joining the family below. 
Eric turned the camera back to the Rice family below, but they had vanished. He searched along the lava. “Where did they go?” he yelled through the microphone to the pilot.
The pilot frantically searched with the helicopter’s spotlight, trying to see through the smoke and falling ash. “There, next to the lava by that clump of rock!”
“Try to position the copter so I can get the Rice family with the new volcano in the background.”
The pilot began to fly back the way they had come when the heat started to disrupt the flow of the rotors. “It’s no good. I can’t go further up the Rice Mountain and see the one that just erupted too. It’s getting too dark and we need to focus on the family below. Any further up the mountain and we’ll be too close to the falling ash and we’ll be joining them below.”
***
Minutes earlier Nick had stopped to look at their next obstacle. The lava was flowing past them: the family didn’t beat the lava flow down the mountain. Almost beautiful, the lava resembled a glowing red river, appearing to be at least seventy feet wide, growing wider each minute. The intense heat should have burnt their bodies at this distance, but the heat appeared to be tolerable for them. Their intent wouldn’t allow them to be harmed. 
Josie asked, “How hot is the lava dad?  Think we can get across it?” 
“It’s too hot to step on honey. It’s soft and won’t hold our weight. We would sink and then burn to death instantly. With our combined thoughts of intention to get across, something will show up. We need to watch for a sign.”
Now closer to the bottom of the mountain, they could only wait for a sign showing them where their opportunity to cross the lava would be. Nick looked at the others. Everyone felt the rumbling. Then they heard it in the distance. It felt like another earthquake. They kept their balance, but trees starting falling around them again. Some of the pines leaned into the lava igniting immediately as they touched the molten rock.
Off in the distance they could make out through the clouds another mountaintop blowing smoke and fire as the top crumbled down the sides. The earth released the gas and magma from the weakest mountains. The ones mostly made of solid rock remained intact, not erupting.  Hopefully, no more volcanoes would erupt. If Mammoth Mountain didn’t erupt, the town might still survive. The ash cleanup could take years, and most of the people would pack up and leave, never to return home.
Above them they could hear a rumbling and then they felt the ground shaking again. At first it felt like another earthquake, but then huge boulders came into sight. Loosened earlier, they rolled down the mountain crashing through trees and brush without slowing down. It looked like half the mountain started falling towards them. As the landslide approached, the family easily moved out of its’ path. A single large boulder settled onto the lava splashing molten rock high into the air. Other boulders rolled forward but only this one came to their aid.
Something was familiar about this particular boulder. It still had the rappelling anchors attached where he and Leonard had climbed. Nick and the kids had been on this boulder many times during their trips up the mountain. When they climbed this boulder it was a sheer rock cliff. They knew where all the footholds were.
Nick remembered telling his kids, “Once you get so close to a cliff face that you breathe on it, you learn to remember where all the crevices are. Your fingers remember where to grab. All the nooks and crannies become a part of your climbing experience. You remember where every one of them are hidden. Your life depends on each handhold you make, and the rock becomes your best friend. True friends come to your aid, just as this boulder is doing now. Even inanimate objects can be controlled through the Power of Intention.”
This boulder had a large piece that stuck out. They always had to rappel around that outcropping of rock. It challenged them to make it around, swinging from their rope. Now it stood straight up, ready for them to stand on and hold their balance. Even the places where he had used his pick had become pockets to place their feet into.
The boulder looked to be the size of two trucks, perhaps twenty feet wide and just as deep and only a few feet away. It would be an easy jump and climb to the top for this family having already shown so much determination and bravery.
Nick quickly assessed the situation and spoke with authority. “This is our first chance to get across the lava. It might be the only opportunity we get. We can all easily jump onto the boulder. Leonard, this is our rock. We’ve climbed it before during our rappelling practice. The anchors are still there.” 
Leonard looked at the boulder and grinned, “Piece of cake. Let’s do it!”
“I love you,” Carrie said as she grabbed Nick’s hand. They all took a moment and hugged each other and then jumped. 
From the air it must have appeared the family had just jumped onto the lava. By grabbing the anchors that had been hammered into place it would be an easy leap onto the boulder. When the anchors had been hammered into position for the rappelling exercises they were located at the top of the face of the cliff. Now, these same anchors positioned themselves so that they each had something to grab and hold on to while they climbed up.
From the top of the boulder they looked up and could see the helicopter hovering above. Relieved after making the jump, they all laughed and waved to the cameraman above as they grabbed handholds on the top of their boulder.
Now they had to wait again for the next sign to get across the lava. The boulder, still close to the shore now sat at least forty feet from the safety on the other bank. For now they could catch their breath, sit and rest for a few moments.
The boulder had stuck itself in the lava probably at least ten feet deep. As the heat from the lava began to turn the dirt and rock below the boulder into molten lava, it moved. Slightly at first, then it started to float, as if it were a ship being launched from a pier. It broke loose from its’ solid mooring and began to move with the river of lava. 

Chapter 10
The US Geological Survey office had collapsed into a shambles. The town had experienced a series of earthquakes. The tremors had caused walls to crack and roofs to cave in. The phone lines had broken down before the walls started caving in. At least the call to the National Guard had been made in time and help appeared to be eminent. The town began its’ practiced routine of evacuation by the local police in anticipation of the arrival of the National Guard. Once they arrived, they would make sure everyone left.
The townspeople drove to the south away from the mountains towards Mammoth Lake. Once there, they would continue south or head east towards Lake Tahoe.
Everywhere you looked gray volcanic ash covered everything. Even though the roads were difficult to see, the snowplows kept ahead of the falling ash. Mammoth Mountain was still intact with seismic activity decreasing from the highs just an hour earlier. Chances were fair that the town would be spared.
Evening quickly fell, adding to the darkness of the ash making it more hazardous to travel, but everyone felt the need to get away. Uncertainty normally made people more cautious, but fear drove them to abandon caution and flee. The whole town tried escaping for their lives, not knowing what would happen next. Chaos began when the second vent erupted.
It would be weeks before the search for casualties would be over. People rushed away and few records were being kept, making it nearly impossible to determine who got away and who had become a casualty.
***
McNamee had seen this kind of disaster before. The difference being they had been prepared for the others. This volcano didn’t follow the normal pattern of ones he monitored in the past. There should have been more signs that a buildup of magma was occurring. Where were the sulfur gases and the carbon dioxide? The satellite data didn’t show any surface buildup on this mountain. How could they have missed it? They didn’t. He would show the Director the data and prove he wasn’t at fault. 
In all other scenarios, aid would come in. The Red Cross and National Guard were the biggest supporters in this kind of catastrophe. After it all ended, the Army Corp of Engineers would show up and make the decision whether the town could be salvaged and, if it were safe enough for the residents to return.
The search and rescue efforts of the National Guard would take place as soon as the ash cloud stopped. They wouldn’t put their men in harm’s way. It would likely be morning before the rescue would start.
A helicopter needed to get to the Rice Mountain to find survivors. It appeared to have been the first mountain to erupt, shortly after the visit from Nick Rice. It was doubtful if they got away in time. 
The grandparents that lived in town were among those being forced to evacuate. He had heard that the grandparents of the Rice children wanted to stay to see if the family members on the mountain had survived. The Supervisor had heard that when the grandparents were told the Rice Mountain had erupted, they tried to rush there to help rescue their grandchildren.
The sheriff stopped them. He reluctantly had to admit that it was useless to try to return to the mountain. There couldn’t be any survivors and they needed to leave quickly. He didn’t tell them that they had assumed that the family of four was either crushed or burnt to death from the lava and they would probably never be found. The first family tragedy, and there would be others. Possibly hundreds would die. There always were victims of Mother Nature’s wrath. He had always known there would be casualties in this line of work.
This area most likely would be doomed from the series of volcanoes and doubtful if the citizens of Mammoth Lakes would return to their homes. Furniture, toys, clothing all left behind in their frantic efforts to run from death.
In the morning he and his crew would relocate to other field offices. It would take days to assess the data they had accumulated. Fortunately, it all had been transmitted to the Regional Office prior to the town’s communications breakdown. The lava flow kept far enough away from the town, but the earthquakes had taken their toll. Many buildings had fallen and would not be rebuilt. Now all he could do was wait for his rescue. He would survive, but so many others were still trapped. 
***
Eric Reynolds couldn’t believe his eyes.  He had followed the events of the double volcanic eruptions, just as he had been instructed. The volcano footage and the video of the family below were unbelievable as his boss said. The volcano would definitely be the biggest story of his career. 
The footage of the Rice family escaping down the mountain would most likely win him some kind of Newsman of the Year award. The video footage showed the family had jumped over trees and ravines, and ran through brush fires as if the fire wasn’t there. If something blocked their path, they soared over it or bulldozed their way through it. When the family slowed down, Eric could zoom in on their features. Something odd appeared. Their bodies seemed to glow fire red, as if they reflected the firelight off of their skin. The heat must be incredible and they looked like they were getting at least first and second-degree burns.
Watching this family’s flight through this fiery nightmare amazed him and the nation. They kept going, as if an invisible hand showed them which way to go. He had taken well over two hours of video that had been broadcast nationwide. These people, whether they survived or perished, would not be forgotten for their amazing bravery fleeing from the volcano.
There had never been a newscast like this, and there would probably never be again. This family, the Rice Volcano survivors, or victims, would be on the front page of every newspaper in the country. His name would be listed as the news journalist that brought their story to the nation. 
Pictures of the California forest fires, the recent Hurricane Katrina and now the Rice Volcano would be a permanent part of history. This family now rode on a boulder going down a mountain on a river of lava. What would the nation see next?
As the helicopter prepared to leave, Eric noticed the boulder moving with the lava. It had been stuck in place, but no longer. The family had been temporarily safe but now they had to do something. With no place to jump they could only ride the boulder hopefully to the far side of the river of fire.
Eric wouldn’t leave. He had to get more news video for the viewers so they would remember the Rice family in case they didn’t survive and their journey ended here. 
The camera showed how the boulder was barely moving, gradually decreasing its’ forward momentum. Eric also noticed that the boulder seemed to be getting smaller; less of the surface now visible than earlier when the family jumped onto it for safety. It appeared to be sinking into the melted lava bed.
The pilot and Eric agreed. They would stay until the end. If necessary, they could land the helicopter on the safe side and wait for the National Guard to rescue them.
As Eric and the pilot continued their vigil, the boulder continued to get smaller.
***
Nick also watched the boulder get smaller. Either the lava started to get deeper or the boulder was beginning to turn molten from the intense heat. Soon, their temporary safe haven would be their death trap. They needed to do something fast. The surface of the lava was gradually getting closer to where they stood waiting.
Nick made his decision, “We can’t worry about the boulder shrinking. Instead we must accept it and expect another miracle to happen, allowing us another opportunity. When we make a decision, the next step is anticipation for an action. All of us need to be on the lookout for another break. This boulder got us halfway across the river of lava. It served its’ purpose and we need to be grateful for it coming to our aid. The three steps to manifesting miracles are making the decision, being grateful to God and the Universe for granting your intention and then know that it shall be done. It is granted because we asked.”
Nick paused for a moment with his head bowed as if in thought. “Now we need to anticipate what’s going to happen. We know something will manifest, just like we knew the Firewalk wouldn’t harm us. Just like we knew something would appear to get us across the lava and then the boulder appeared. Something else will show up. I know it…therefore it must happen. We have made the decision that something is coming. Now everyone look for something unusual.”
They watched as the boulder started sinking into the lava. They had no fear for their lives, but an eager anticipation of a new event to get them across the lava to safety. They watched the lava and the fiery surface on both sides of the lava bed, waiting, and watching for their next manifestation.
At first Nick saw burnt brush rustling on the side nearest the mountain. They all watched the large green slabs of concrete slide off the bank towards the lava bed ahead. 
Their trip on the boulder had started at the rear of the mountain. Now, the ride on the boulder had brought them around to the front, directly below the area where their house used to be, over five thousand feet above.
Earlier, when the second earthquake collapsed their house and caused the sides of the pool to fall in, the water had drained down the mountain. The sides of the pool fell apart and began a journey of their own through the forest and down the side of the mountain. The slabs had to slide over brush and ravines where they likely tumbled over and then slipped through the trees, all the way to the bottom where they now crashed through the brush to meet their family.
The slabs were perhaps ten inches thick. The concrete walls should have broken into smaller pieces on their journey down the mountain. Instead, here came whole sections of pool wall, perhaps twelve to sixteen feet wide and eight feet high, the depth of the pool.
The swimming pool that had given so much pleasure to Nick’s family and here they were, returning to them providing a final rescue. The green material the workers sprayed onto the concrete walls had acted like a bonding agent, fusing all the cement together making a near indestructible slab. The pool pieces quietly slid into the lava bed and floated into the path of the sinking boulder where the family sat. The boulder had performed its’ mission. A series of events caused by their combined intentions had acted to bring the family around to the point necessary for them to transfer rides. Another part of their home had come to take over and bring them to safety.
Nick looked at his family and smiled. “This will be our final ride to safety. The boulder we all climbed on for years showed up to bring us around to the front of the mountain.”
“Now, the swimming pool that you kids have enjoyed so many years has shown up to get us across. The pool walls appeared because of the love you two kids have given it all these years. When you love something, it will not abandon you. These walls came for you.” 
Nick grabbed both his children and then said, “Now, we must jump to the walls that are coming up to us. The jump will be easy, only two or three feet. I think it best if the two of you take one slab, and your mother and I will take the other. We’ll be able to glide over the lava to the shore on the far side. When you get close enough jump. Okay?”
Both Leonard and Josie grabbed their parents and exchanged hugs as they did in Sonora. “We can do this dad. We’re almost there, one more ride and we’re safe,” Josie said looking into her father’s eyes.
Everyone got ready to leap onto the slabs. The boulder they waited on stood only about four feet high now and about eight feet wide. It was slowly sinking into the lava bed. It was time to jump. Josie and Leonard jumped first, then Nick and Carrie. Nick grabbed his wife making sure she didn’t over jump the slab. The kids landed easily and kneeled down as they landed, remembering how their father taught them years earlier.
The coating on the pool walls remained intact and unbelievably, it was still cool to the touch. Nick expected that it might have been sticky; melting from the heat but their shoes didn’t stick at all.
Carrie kneeled down giving her legs a break from the running and the balancing act on the boulder. She took a moment to think about everything the family had accomplished today. They survived the earthquakes. They ran down the mountain through the fire hailing down from above. All of the falling rocks and fire had miraculously missed everyone. The ash fallout had made it very hard to breathe at first. But, once they accepted it, it no longer bothered them. They had ridden on the boulder through the lava and now this, surfing on top of the lava in hopes of getting across to safety. All that remained now was to get to the other side. They could lean towards the far bank and have the “intent” to land. They needed to just focus on the landing, and anticipate reaching the other side, waiting for the right moment.

Chapter 11
Eric had gotten all of it on the video and broadcast it to the newsroom. The people back in Lake Tahoe couldn’t believe what they were seeing. They had asked to confirm what they were viewing on the monitors. The news editor asked what he had just seen, over and over again. He asked if the family just jumped onto two pieces of green rock. Eric confirmed the jump. 
Then his editor asked if they were actually leaning to the side, as if they were attempting to control the direction of the slabs. Again, he confirmed what they were watching back at the office was real.
The pilot started getting nervous about the ash that had settled in the engine. He lowered the altitude of the helicopter to about two hundred feet. Fire no longer remained where they were circling, having burnt everything already. Darkness had come and with the fires burning out below, the only light came from the spotlight. The glow from the lava with the family barely visible left little to video. The camera had to keep adjusting to the light available.
The lava kept sending intense heat upward. The pilot kept them about fifty feet south of the lava bed and about two hundred feet high, they would be out of danger and still get some video. 
The falling ash slowed, not coming down as heavily as before and the fire still remained mainly on the mountain. The brush that had caught fire below them had gone out quickly since there were no trees to ignite.
To make things better, the pilot had received a call from the National Guard. A rescue unit was minutes away from arriving. But the family below didn’t know their rescuers would be there shortly.
Eric had settled the camera on the figures below him. The slabs the family rode on began to move closer to the shore. Shortly, they would jump to their freedom from the lava flow and their escape would be over. Then they could wait for their rescue by the National Guard. The family could be flown to Lake Tahoe where his news station could interview them and put them up in the best hotel in the city.
The Rice family would become famous. The interviews from his station and then the national news stations would all pay handsomely, if they survived.
***
Nick and Carrie’s slab approached the shore. Josie and Leonard’s slab would land about fifty feet farther down the lava flow. Carrie gave Nick one of the longest hugs she had ever given him. They jumped to dry ground and immediately started running alongside the lava bed. 
The lava now stood almost two feet higher than the surface they were running on. For some reason lava didn’t spread out like water would when it had nothing to restrict its’ flow. It began to slow down and appeared to be thickening, like it started to run out of steam. It had to flow for a little while longer. The slab the children rode on wasn’t quite close enough for them to jump off.
Nick had been kneeling down, deep in his reverie, recounting the last five days events. “What if the flow stops and the children aren’t close enough to jump?” Carrie whispered.
“Something will happen so they can make it off. Start looking for a way for them to jump.” They both began looking along the bank ahead of the slab. Now they could easily get ahead of the barely moving lava. 
About fifty yards ahead of the slab, a burnt tree stump leaned towards the lava bed. It looked like it had been charred and sat waiting to fall onto the approaching lava. The tree, originally a tall pine, now stood maybe twenty-five feet tall. The branches had burnt off and only a smoking stump leaned towards the kids. 
Nick got to the tree and pushed. It started to fall so he stopped pushing and waited.
Leonard kept looking ahead watching and saw his dad approach the tree. Obviously this tree would be their escape from the slab. “There, that’s our way off.” Leonard yelled to his sister.
Leonard and Josie waited as their slab approached the tree. The stump began to lean more as they approached. The slab made a direct line for the tree. Leonard could estimate the angle they needed to jump as they prepared to leave the slab.
As the slab slowly passed under the leaning tree, the lava stopped flowing. It had reached the point where there no longer received a fresh supply of lava. Now they needed the tree to lean closer. Leonard yelled to his father, “Dad, push the tree down so we can jump.”
Nick pushed the tree and it started to lean close enough for the kids to grab hold and climb down. They both jumped to the tree, hanging on to the burning trunk of the charred stump.  Leonard slid down the smoldering tree first, and then he helped Josie jump. They both ran to their parents at the base of the tree. 
“We made it dad. The charred stump didn’t even burn our hands,” Josie yelled. 
Leonard grabbed his mother and swung her in a circle and then hugged his dad.
Nick said, “Let’s get away from here and head towards town.” As they started walking through the darkness, a helicopter landed in their path.
Eric jumped from the helicopter and ran up to the waiting family. “I’ve recorded your trip down the mountain. My name is Eric Reynolds from the Lake Tahoe TV news station. We were sent here to video the eruption when we saw you and your family running down the mountain. You folks had an unbelievable trip. I can’t believe the things you did. The whole country has watched your journey from the very beginning until now.”
Nick listened to the newsman over the noise of the waiting helicopter and then yelled, “What do you want now? As you’ve witnessed we’ve had a really rough day and we would like to get some rest.” As he finished speaking, a spotlight lit up the group. They all looked up at the spotlight of a larger National Guard helicopter coming in to land. “Maybe these soldiers can take us someplace where we can finally relax and catch our breath,” Nick said as a soldier approached.
“My name is Captain McClure. Are you Sergeant Major Rice?” 
Nick smiled at the Captain. “Yes I am Captain, and this is my family. Can you take us somewhere to get medical attention and someplace to rest?”
“Yes I can, Sergeant Major. I’ve been directed by a Colonel Samuels to take you anywhere you request. We can take you to our triage unit that is being set up about eighty miles away if that’s okay with you. We can be there in less than twenty minutes. Also, we just received a communication that the entire area seventy-five miles from the center of your mountain is being evacuated. It seems that the dormant volcanoes in this area are awakening.”
The pilot pointed to the news crew, “That includes you Mr. Reynolds. You and your pilot need to get out of here, now. This whole area is about to erupt.”
Eric Reynolds stood there with his mouth open and finally spoke as the Rice family started to enter the military helicopter. “Mr. Rice, sir…could you meet us in Lake Tahoe after you had a chance to rest? I would love to tell your story to the world. You’ve been on national news all afternoon and the viewers would really like to hear your story.”
“Mr. Reynolds…once we get a chance to catch our breath and decide where we can go, I’m sure that I’ll be in touch. I think we should listen to the Captain and put some distance between us and my mountain.” Nick realized he had lied as he boarded the military helicopter. A brief sense of guilt passed quickly as he thought how he wouldn’t be calling the newsman.
When the door closed Nick said, “Captain McClure, I would appreciate keeping the conversation you just heard confidential. When we land, you or your men are not to mention anything about what you have heard or seen here, regarding the newsman or where we intend to go. Is that clear?”
“Yes Sergeant Major, I completely understand.” With that being said, the helicopter pilot turned south, farther away from Lake Tahoe. They would be visiting Tolly in Sonora soon, west across the Sierras for a while. After that, the family would decide together where they should resettle, without being celebrities.
As they were leaving the southern rim of the Long Valley Caldera, the helicopter climbed and the occupants could see through the side window what remained of both volcanoes. They were glowing red: lava still flowed over their rims and gray smoke continued to billow from the tops. The town, now dark, covered over with ash, could barely be recognized. The people that had lived in Mammoth Lakes were lucky to escape, if only with their lives. Their intention proved to be the power that saved them, a power most people didn’t know they had.

THE END 
(FOR NOW)

I hope you enjoyed reading Firewalkers as much as I enjoyed writing it in 2009. The story is meant to be a part of a series of four stories, all dealing with how the Power of Intention can control, and even change, people’s lives once they understand how it works.
JOSEPH BIANCARDI
Biography:
Joe Biancardi spent most of his life in St. Louis where he grew up and worked as a policeman, engineer and a salesman trying to find his niche in life. At the age of forty he took his new wife to the gulf coast of Alabama where he raised his three children. 
Now almost twenty-five years later he’s retired and found his calling. He writes books dealing with the power of intention as well as other adventure stories.
“We didn’t realize we’d be trading cold winters for a hurricane prone area.” Now, years later, he admits the trade-off was worth it. “It’s allowed me to see what the powers of Mother Nature are capable of: from the ferocity of hurricanes to the relaxing sound of the surf at Florida and Alabama beaches.”
