





• Title page 
• Copyright 
• About the Book
• Chapters 
• About the Author
• Acknowledgements 


         Forever 

             By

                Brian A.F Femi

Copyright 2019 Brian A.F Femi 
Smashwords edition~
Brian A.F Femi asserts the moral position to be identified as the author of this book. No part of this book may be copied, republished or redistributed to anyone for commercial or non-commercial purposes without proper permission from the author. 
*If you enjoyed this book, kindly refer to a friend, colleague, or anyone. 



About the Book

Maybe my life wasn't just a happy party. I had a lot to learn, a lot to lose, a lot to give. Perhaps I might find that place- a place where we all wish to be, and I'd learn that my happiness wasn't based on how long my little Utopia lasted, but how well it would change my life. Walk with me through my journey, which never ends. 


Chapter One
"Happy birthday, Brian!", Everyone cheered. 
        I'd just turned eleven. I was way more than excited. Mom, Dad and all my friends were there. It was time to blow off the candles and make a wish. I didn't have to think twice about what I wanted, a baby sister.
        That's all I'd ever wanted; to spoil her with love and biscuits, ice cream, chocolate and attention. I promised myself I wouldn't let Mom or Dad ever lay a finger on her in the name of spanking. Most boys my age already had two or three siblings. I had none, and you don't want to know how lonely I was. 
        "Brian?" said my best friend Mèrie breaking me out of my thoughts.
      "You've been staring at your cake forever. We're waiting" 
      I smiled. 
      "B-R-I-A-N Brian!!" I cut the cake as they chorused my name. It was really beautiful. Blue with some sort of white coral beads decorating the edges, lots of butter icing and flashy decorations. Honestly, I'd never seen mom bake a cake so beautiful. A big surprise she did it despite her present condition. I was so elated. Something good was on the way, I felt it. I ran to give my parents a big hug. Mr. Davey and Mrs. Anih Hudson were the best parents one could ever have, and I loved them more than anything else. 
     "Ugh", Mom moaned softly.
      "What's wrong?" Dad asked. 
     "It's nothing, just a little...arghh!" 
     "That doesn't sound like nothing" Dad sounded really worried. 
       "It's the baby. I think it's coming" Mom replied. 
       I smiled again. I was scared though, the way she kept screaming and holding her back. For the least, my baby sister would come home. It had better be a girl, or I'd send her back. 
         The party was almost over. Some kids were still playing in the pool, or doing some other fun thing. We had to end the party abruptly. I was low-key pissed. That wasn't how to end a party, they were meant to be really tired and go home themselves. Besides there was still a lot of fun I wanted to catch. I guess that's what dad means when he says we have to pay a price to get what we want. I guessed that was the price to get my little sister, and I didn't mind. 
     Dad called Mèrie's mom and told her that my mom was in labour; and he needed her to watch me for a day or two. I was super happy. Sleepovers in Merie's house were always super fun. It was just the perfect birthday. He helped Mom to the car, rushed upstairs to get some things and in seconds, they were gone. As I waved them goodbye, I could see Mèrie's mom's car coming in our direction.
     "Good evening ma'am",I greeted as she alighted. 
     "Hey Brian, how are you?" She asked as she kissed my forehead.
     " Just a little nervous" 
     "Who wouldn't be? I felt the same way when Wiljoice was born", Merie said. 
     "It's okay. It's okay. Just say a prayer" Mrs Grace said chuckling. 
      I and Mèrie got into the car. Wiljoice sat still at the back seat playing with his sucker. In about a month's time, he'd be a year old. I tried playing with him but he wouldn't budge. That's one of the reasons I wanted my own sister. He always laughed with Mèrie, but gave me extreme attitude when I tried to play with him. "Soon it'll all end", I thought to myself smiling. 
      We arrived at Merie's house. His mom took Wiljoice out and we both got down the car. We'd been cracking jokes at ourselves while in the car. Merie was a mad person, and I loved him so. I never told him though...hell no. 
        We got into the house and ran upstairs to his room to make our beds. We were planning on playing Scrabble and I was sure as hell I'd beat him this time. 
         "Chimè! Brian!", his mom called from downstairs. She was making dinner. She always wanted us around her while she cooked-saying she wanted us to learn too. Always talking about husband material and yen yen yen. When I was younger, I thought it was just because she loved our company but soon I got to know that she was taking advantage of the fact that we were around. I beat the eggs while Mèrie sift the flour. We were making pancakes. I wondered what work was left for her to do when we were already doing the major. I enjoyed it though. I loved the kitchen- lots of tasting. 
    We were still tasting when we heard the buzzy noise in the parlour. 
    "Go get my phone", Mrs Grace said to Mèrie. 
     He ran to get the phone and on his way back, he fell. 
      "Ouch!" he yelped from the dining. Mrs Grace and I rushed to check what was wrong. There was blood stains on the floor. My eyes glazed wet instantly and I had a weird feeling in my tummy. I couldn't stand the sight of anyone getting injured, not to talk of my best friend. 
        "Oh my goodness! I've warned you about running in the house" Mrs Grace scolded him as she examined the wounded knee. 
        "It's not serious though. Brian go get some toilet paper and clean all these stains" 
      "Were you crying?" Mèrie asked a little surprised. 
     "Hell no", I retorted as I blinked my eyes dry. 
      Mrs Grace laughed. "A boy shouldn't be this emotional. I just said it's nothing serious. Go get the toilet paper, would you?" Her phone rang again. 
       "Yello", she started. "Oh my God! Really! Congratulations. We're coming right away. O my God I'm so happy!" 
         Mèrie and I gave her a dead stare. "Oh. It's your dad, your mom's just had a baby girl". 
       I couldn't wait for her to complete her sentence. I shouted with the loudest pitch I'd got. I screamed and squealed and jumped and danced. 
       "Let's go buy her some ice cream. Vanilla or chocolate or strawberry or peppermint", I said in excitement. 
        "Whoa whoa whoa calm your balls down. What the hell. She's barely five minutes old, I think breast milk will do", Mèrie said as I finally calmed down. 
      "My very own sister", I said softly as my eyes glistened with tears. I didn't even want to eat anymore. All that filled my mind was the news. 
      "I can't wait to tell everyone in church tomorrow, and in school on Monday", I said as I laughed. 
      Mèrie smiled back. 
    "Enough already. Come and eat", Mrs Grace chuckled. She probably didn't understand. There was no way I could calm down. It was my very own birthday present, the best present ever. 
    "Can we please just have dinner?" Mèrie asked rhetorically as he looked at me. 
     "I'm not even hungry anymore", I replied. 
     "Pass me with that. The Brian I know wouldn't miss food for anything", he mocked as he dragged me to the dining, limping a little as he went. 
      "It's your turn to say grace", he said. 
      "Oh yeah...Dear Lord, thank you for dinner, my birthday party, and for my little sister. Amen" 
      "Mmm, it's so delicious", said Mrs Grace. 
      "The hot choc too", I replied. 
      I loved chocolate more than anything in the world. We could be sworn enemies for centuries and reincarnated lives but a cup of hot choc, a chocolate bar, a chocolate cake, or a plate of chocolate ice cream would waive it all away. 
       Soon we were done with dinner. Wiljoice was fast asleep in his bed upstairs. 
     "Y'all should clear this place up", Mrs Grace instructed. "And please, in all you do, in all the fun you have, please don't go to bed late, take your shower and brush your teeth. We don't want to walk around with smelly bodies or a dreadful visit to the dentist; or do we?" 
       "Hell no!" We chorused. Mrs Grace narrowed her eyes. 
       "Definitely not." We said. 
       "Better. So much swearing in this house. I don't know, I don't know. I'm off to have my bath. We're going to see the baby tomorrow. I love you", she said. 
        "We love you too, goodnight", I said. 
        "Goodnight Mom", Mèrie added as she kissed us both. 
     I and Mèrie rushed to the kitchen to take out the dishes, then we ran upstairs to have our bath. We played with water and had fun. Mrs Grace didn't have to remind us to have our bath- not because we were really hygienic though, but because of the fun; and I hoped she was used to the fact that no matter how much she warned, we'd still eventually sleep late. Even we couldn't help it. It was my birthday after all. 
       I beat Mèrie at Scrabble- for the first time in my life. It was indeed my lucky day. It was way past midnight, about 2am but I and Mèrie were still up, doing nothing in particular. I personally was awake because of excitement. We'd be going to see my sister by dawn and I'd decided what to name her. 
       "Mom said we should go to bed early, remember?" Zeb said. 
      "Yeah, it's probably about time, but I don't think I can sleep", I replied. 
      "Cos you're nervous, or excited? Perhaps both? Just think of something beautiful, like that new girl in class that you have a crush on". 
      "I don't have a crush on her!" I retorted. 
      "I know you don't have a crush on her, yet you know exactly who I was talking of. I'm your best friend you creeping thing, there's nothing- absolutely nothing you can hide from me. I see the way you look at her, and how you flush when she says hi", Mèrie said putting his hand around my shoulder and laughing sarcastically. 
      "Okay okay. I like her. But just a little." I said. 
      "Oh shut upppp, and go to bed" Mèrie replied as he got into his bed. 
     "Jerk. Goodnight", I said as I threw a pillow at him. 
     "Goodnight bro", he said covering himself up in his blanket. 
      Mèrie was fast asleep. I could tell because he was a snorer, a light one though. Even if he never conceded that he was. On my part, I couldn't sleep. I kept on thinking about all that had happened. It was almost 4am, I had to find sleep fast. 
      I decided to try Chimè's idea. I thought about Ruth, her voice, her smile. In minutes, I was dozing off.

   Chapter Two 

  "Brian! I hope you're ready", Mrs Grace called. 
   "I told him not to stay up late", Mèrie snitched. 
    Mrs Grace had woken me up to get ready several times but I fell back asleep. Mèrie was fully dressed, and was downstairs for breakfast. I was still in pajamas, with sleep marks and traces of saliva on my face. I lousily got out of bed, still feeling really sleepy as I had my bath. In about twenty minutes, I was downstairs. 
    "Good morning ma'am", I said to Mrs Grace and touched Wiljoice on his cheek. For the first time, he smiled. "What a miracle", I thought. Mèrie was already done with breakfast and was in the parlour watching football. I wasn't so hyped about football. I felt it wasn't more special than any other sport like basketball or badminton, but my dad and Mèrie and most other people thought different. 
     I was almost done with eating. I carefully picked out the onions from the noodles. I hated onions, I hated so many other vegetables too. I wasn't feeling so sleepy anymore. 
     "Brian. Chimè. Get out here!" Mrs Grace called. 
     "It's time to see my sister!", I soliloquized as I quickly rushed to get my shoes. I'd already made up my mind on her name about five years ago. Mèrie still had his eyes fixed on the screen. 
    "Get up. Get up!", I said as I switched off the TV and drew him by the hand out of the house and into the car. 
     It was a beautiful autumn Sunday morning. As Mrs Grace drove down the road, we could see that it was drizzling really light showers. My heart was about to explode in my chest. Mèrie sat in the front with his earphones plugged in. 
  "Oh what a coincidence!" Mrs Grace said smiling.
   "What's that?" I asked curiosly. 
   "There! That's your mom, your dad and your new baby", Mrs Grace pointed at the hospital entrance a few paces away. Mèrie unplugged his earphones. 
   "Where? Where?" I asked in excitement. 
    "Over there, Bartimeus", Mèrie scoffed. 
  "I can't see them", I retorted. 
   "Never mind", said Mrs Grace as she pulled over. Mèrie alighted from the car and I followed. Mrs Grace took Wiljoice out. 
    I looked towards the right a few big steps from us. They were about getting into the Jeep when I saw the most beautiful thing. 
   "Mummy!" I yelled as I ran with all vigour towards my parents. Mèrie followed behind less challantly. 
   "Hey son", Dad said embracing me. 
   "I brought you a little present", Mom said as she smiled lowering her hand to show the beautiful face of my beautiful sister.  
     "Can I hold her pleasssseeee?" I asked as my eyes got wet again. Mèrie finally arrived. He was lazy at running. I wondered much how he was better than me at football. His mom came with Wiljoice seconds later and they all exchanged greetings with my parents. 
    "But I asked first", I said as Mèrie's mom took my little sister from Mom and rocked her gently in her arms. 
    "Oh sweetheart, you're gonna have her all to yourself, for the rest of your life", Mom said smiling. 
    It seemed Mrs Grace had had her fill of bonding because she bent down a little in an effort to pass my sister from her arms to mine.
      "Be careful. She's barely a day old", Dad warned softly. Immediately she got into my arms, she let out a soft cry. I was a little embarrassed. 
   "Give her to me. She's hungry." Mom said. 
    "How come she got hungry immediately you took her?" Mèrie mocked raising his left brow. He was trying to taunt me and I wasn't buying it at all. 
    "Don't cry Laurel. Smile for me sweetheart", I said rocking her in my arms. In about half a minute, she stopped crying and giggled gently.  
   "Awwn. You're such a nanny afterall", Mèrie said. 
    "Oh shut up", I said as we all laughed. 
    "Laurel? Is that what you're naming her?" Dad asked. 
    "Yeah. Laurel Jockeil Hudson", I said as I smiled at her as she dozed off. I stared deep into her face. As she yawned, I could see that she had dimples on both sides of her face. I looked up and found everyone's eyes fixed on me. 
    "Oh look at him", Mrs Grace said as they burst into laughter. I flushed. 
     "So we'd be on our way now", Mrs Grace said as she gave Wiljoice to Mèrie. I felt a little sad. I didn't want him to leave yet. 
     "Congrats again babe", Mrs Grace said from as she started her car and drove us while we waved them goodbye. 
     "It's about time we left too. We won't be going to church today, ask me why", Dad said laughing. I'd totally forgotten. Mom couldn't go because she'd just had a baby, Dad couldn't leave her by herself, and of course I wasn't going alone. We rather drove straight home.

      It was starting to get dark. We had quite a lot of visitors that day. My body hurt a little from all the random errands. 
    "Bry!" ... "Oh not again", I sighed. 
    "Yes ma'am", I said as I went to meet my mother. 
     "Please get me some diapers from the Mart down the street..or never mind. It's late. Let your dad do it" 
    "Honey!" She yelled again. 
   "Urghhh". I was starting to get pissed. Why on Earth did she call me if she hadn't made up her mind yet? I went back to my room. I glanced around and my eyes caught the clock. It was way past 7pm. I hadn't even had dinner. I went to the fridge downstairs and made myself some corn flakes. I really didn't like it because we had run out of Oldenburger milk and so I had to use the other brand. Mom was really busy with Laurel and I didn't want to stress anyone out. I hurriedly ate up and went back to my room before anyone called me again. I knelt by my bed and said a short prayer, then climbed back up. I scribbled some things down in my diary and switched off the lights. 
  "Oh. School tomorrow. Shit"
   "Oh shit I said shit again. Urgh" 
   Despite my exhaustion, I got out of bed, went to my closet and picked out a yellow sweatshirt, black jeans and white sneakers. I didn't know so much about fashion but I really tried to look good to school. There's this new girl in class and I kinda like her. Besides it's eight grade, I had to be cool.
    I got back in bed and wrapped myself up in my blanket. I still couldn't sleep, then I remembered Mèrie's advice. I began to think about Ruth but guess what? It didn't work this time, and you don't want to know why. 
   "Hell no!" I cried. Laurel was crying so loudly I could hear her squeal from the next room, despite the fact that my door was locked. I was going crazy.
   "How on Earth would I wake up in time for school if I couldn't get some peace sleep? Is it going to be like this forever. Oh blessed Jesus", I mused. I tried to block my ears but the screams still managed to stroll in. 
    Suddenly, the noise stopped. Just as I was about to thank goodness, she started again, even worse than the previous time. I couldn't take it anymore. I stomped out of bed with a harmony of frustration and anger on my face. I couldn't be sleep deprived, not in my own house. I walked into the room and found Mom and Dad making fruitless efforts to stop Laurel from crying. 
      Mom tried breastfeeding her but she pushed the nipples away. 
   "You don't like food?" I said as my eyes dilated. 
   "What kind of baby hates food?" I thought. Food was the solution to everything.
    "Maybe she already has enough", Dad said with his eyes bloodshot, obviously sleep deprived. 
   "Yesss!" Mom exclaimed suddenly. "It's been eleven years I've forgotten how I took care of you".
    Laurel's wails were minimal now, but they were still there. Mom gently placed her on the table and asked me to get some diapers and wipes. 
    "How didn't we remember?" Dad said laughing. 
   As Mom removed her diapers, the whole atmosphere changed. 
   "Oh Jesus", I cringed as I used my fingers to clip my nose. 
  "Honey please help me trash this", Mom said. I was pissed as hell but I had to dispose the diaper. By the time I came back, Laurel was fast asleep. I looked at the table clock. 
   "2am?! I've got school tomorrow!" I said as I stomped with frustration out of the room. 
  "Oh. Good night, again", I said to my parents as I got to the door. I hurriedly went to my room and buried myself in my blanket. I was dozing off when I heard another shriek. 
    "Lord take my life", I pleaded as I used the blanket to cover my ears. 
     "I guessed she's hungry this time", I heard Mom say. 
      "I need sleep, please", I said to my imaginary guardian angel, Cody. Mom made him up because I was scared of the dark when I was like five or six. She said I had no reason to, because God sent Cody to me, to protect me. And call me crazy, but I believe that. 
     I blocked my ears more tightly and covered my face in the blanket. I was beginning to sweat. 
   



Chapter Three 
    I guess my little prayer from last night worked. I felt a streak of rays gently hit my eyelids as I opened my eyes. I was still really sleepy, but I was running late already. 
    I hopped out of bed, said a prayer and took a bath. My parents were both fast asleep. I had to get myself ready. My friends already warned that the new baby would take a whole lot of their attention. It felt really good being independent though. After having my bath, I went to the dining and used the house telephone to call Mèrie's home. I told his mom to come pick me up so we both could go to school together. 
     I began to prepare quickly. I always loved being prepared, that's why I brought out my outfit prior this morning. I thanked my stars I did my homework on Friday. Mèrie always got ready on time. 
     I applied sunscreen on my light skin. Summer was already over but my sunscreen wasn't used up. It wouldn't hurt anyways. I gently caressed myself applying it all over my body with my white towel wrapped around my waist. I stared at myself in the mirror by my bed. I still had a little time for some crazy shits. I loved being crazy. I brought out my mp3 player and played my favourite song-  Ciara's Level Up. I danced as I got dressed. I brought out the clothes I previously folded, took off my towel and put on my trousers. 
    "Oh well", I said as I stared at the mirror. My work out routines with Mèrie were really paying off. I could see traces of stomach abs on my tummy. I put on my Next vest and then my shirt. I applied a little gel into my dark blonde hair and styled it with my comb. I wanted a new style for the week. My eyes suddenly caught the clock.  
    "And I've not even taken breakfast", I said as I took my sneakers and my schoolbag and rushed to the kitchen. I had to eat cornflakes because I didn't have any time to boil water or cook anything. I just decided to check the microwave and surprisingly, there was some leftover pizza. I hurriedly ate and gulped a glass of milk. I checked my wrist watch and it was 7:10, then I heard Mrs Grace' honk at the driveway. I was right on time. I rushed into my room, took three dollar bills from dad's breast pocket and left a note, then I rushed to the car. 
     "Good morning ma'am", I said to Mrs Grace as I got into the car. 
     "Hey Mariam", I said to Mèrie mockingly. 
      "Don't you think it's too early to be an idiot?" He came back. 
      "Dumbo", I said as we laughed and Mrs Grace drove us to school. 
       We arrived about eleven minutes early, and then Mèrie and I rushed out of the car into our school. 
     "Pipsqueak", I heard someone yell. I knew that voice in my sleep; anywhere. It was the little devil Drey. I turned around and saw him walking towards us. 
       Drey was one of the popular kids in school, the ladies' man. Lucky for me, we were really close. 
       "Lil punk", I said as we laughed and the three of us exchanged handshakes. 
       "Racist", he blurted. 
       "Shut up. Guess what?" I asked with glimmer and gladness lit up in my blue eyes.
       "Well if it makes you so happy..", Drey started. "You finally found the guts to tell her?" I punched him in the tummy as he and Mèrie burst into an intimidating laughter. 
       "Cat poop. I have a little sister", I blurted. 
       "Wait. For real?" Drey squealed like a six year old cheerleader. 
       "Don't be such a princess", I said. 
    "Well I was being sarcastic, and dramatic you dog breath", Drey said as he slapped me and began running. He knew I'd definitely want to beat him up for being stupid. Mèrie and I attempted to run after him but then the bell went. 
      School was super duper cool. I told everyone about Laurel. My teacher went crazy. Some of my friends wanted to come visit. 
      "She's so cute to see, you'd have to pay an entrance fee", I said. Some laughed. Others were just jealous. I didn't care. I just couldn't wait to get back to my princess. When school was over, Mèrie's mom came to pick us again and dropped me off at home. The house looked quiet and abandoned. Okay I exaggerated a little, but it was really quite. I went to the front door and rang the doorbell. No one seemed to be home. Then I realized one of the cars wasn't around. Just as I was about to panic, I heard the sound of our car. Mom and Dad got down with Laurel in Mom's arms. I went to greet them. 
   "Well there goes our little grown-up", Dad said smiling. 
   "No he's not. I'm sorry baby. We overslept. It'll never happen again", Mom said feeling guilty. 
    I flushed. 
   "Where did you guys go to?" I asked as I took Laurel from Mom, kissed her and walked towards the house. 
    "Well, that's a first. She didn't cry", Dad said. I flushed again. 
     "We went to the hospital", he continued.
     "Hospital? What? Why? Is she sick? What's wrong..?" 
     "Take a chill pill young man. We just went for postnatal checkup" Mom said reassuringly, then laughed. 
   My racing heart came to the finish line. I went upstairs and rushed my homework. I was going to Drey's place; I hadn't visited in a while. Laurel was fast asleep, I was bored to death and I didn't feel like TV. 
    "Lunch is ready", Dad said from downstairs. 
      "Oh no", I mused. Dad was a terribly terrible cook. Mom had to get a helping hand real fast, like Grandma or pluck a hand from somewhere or something. Dad would soon be going back to work and it'll be really hard on her own. In the meantime, I hated the food. She had to do something. 
     Dad had made pasta, and surprisingly it was super delicious. I was shocked. As a matter of fact, it was the best pasta I'd ever had. I still hadn't changed my mind though. I wanted Grandma. I really missed her. When I finished my food, I went upstairs for a shower. Then I got into my room with my blue towel wrapped around my waist. I had a lot of towels- I had a lot of things. It was one of the perks of being an only child (up until recently). I did my normal routine. I played my second favorite song- Post Malone's Better Now. I applied lotion on my smooth skin, looking at the mirror and acting like a model. I combed my hair as I thought of what to wear. My eyes caught my blue beach shorts and sleeveless vest a few inches away. I hurriedly dressed up and went my way to Drey's house. 
   It was already past 4 o'clock and the sun shone gently. I walked down the street with my headphones in my ears. Alessia's Scars to Your Beautiful was playing now. I watched leaves and flowers fall gently upon the ground. It was a beautiful evening. I hastened up my footsteps. I had to reach Drey's house, have loads of fun and come back home on time. 
   I was finally approaching Drey's house. He was shirtless and playing football with his little sisters, the twins- Joan and Cyfyne. He spotted me from a distance. 
    "Hey my man!", he said in a fake Jamaican accent. 
     I smiled, then we exchanged handshakes. 
    I really had fun with him that day. We played football, video games and watched short movies. I reached home around seven and surprisingly, my parents didn't complain. I was really tired from the days activities so I just had dinner, cleared the dishes, prepared for school and went to bed. 
     I was peacefully dozing off, quite happy that Laurel was asleep this time; but not for long. She started wailing again, even worse than last night. I was sleep deprived, but it was the sacrifice to make. I couldn't wait for her to grow up so I could have peace again; and we could all have fun together.
       

 Chapter Four 
   It was a beautiful Tuesday morning. I did my normal routine of preparing for school. I reached really early. Ruth was the only one in class. I shyly greeted her good morning as she hi'ed back. I found my seat and laid my head on my locker. 
   "Now is my chance", I thought to myself. Ruth was the new girl in class. Yeah, the one Drey and Mèrie talked about that I could hardly say a word to. 
    I raised my head from my desk and summoned guts to meet her. I looked behind and stared at her. She was reading a comic book. Her blonde hair was packed into a ponytail. Ruth was really beautiful. Tall and slim, adorned with bright cyan eyes. Her brows were perfect and her lashes were really long. She had a pointed nose and pretty pink lips. I was so lost in thought staring at her that I didn't know when she looked up at me. I snapped out of my thoughts in shock. She just stared at me smiling. 
   'I didn't know you were..." My heart pounded. 
   "...into comics', she continued. 
  I was relieved. "What a save", I thought. 
   "You know you could just come sit with me and watch than trying to see from a distance", she said. 
   "Yeah. S-stupid of me", I said as I walked to her smiling like an idiot. 
   She adjusted as I sat down beside her. We were kinda getting along and into each other when Drey suddenly walked in. 
   "Lovebirds", he said as he winked his eyes teasingly. I was totally embarrassed. In seconds, almost everyone was in class. Mèrie came kinda late because his mom had caught a fever. We went out for the morning assembly and I stood close to Ruth. Our new friendship was growing. During break, she left her girlfriends and we talked about comics and a whole lot of things. She thought I was funny; I thought she was cute. It was heaven on earth. 
  We wrote a test and I topped the whole class. The day just couldn't get better. When school was over, I waved Ruth goodbye and walked home with Mèrie and Drey. We normally walked home ourselves on Tuesdays. 
   "So Mr Loverman finally gunned up courage to talk to her", Mèrie mocked. 
   " They were like Bonnie and Clyde. He didn't even have our time", Mèrie said as he joshily hit my head. 
   "Y'all crazy", I said as we all let out a hearty laughter in unison. 
   It was time to cross. I could spot the zebra crossing a few legs in front of us. I was feeling so light and happy. The three of us reached the zebra crossing as we walked slowly to the other side of the road, laughing and gisting. Suddenly, I heard the screech of tires and a loud thud. It took me splitseconds to realize I was the one that was hit as I flew up into the air. I came crashing down as I hit my head on the hard tar. I blacked out. I could hear voices screaming my name and then, silence. 

    ........................................................

   I slowly opened my eyes. I tried to get up but the pains I felt were excruciating. I felt a deep sharp ache at the back of my head. I tried to speak but I couldn't. I felt my pulse reduce as I blacked out again. I heard a faint voice of my mom in the background and then again, silence. 
   "He's meant to be awake by now, it's almost two months", I heard someone speak in a gentle baritone voice. 
   "I said it before that it isn't completely predictable. It ranges from case to case", I heard another baritone voice but in a deeper tone. 
    "Oh my poor baby", I could presume that was my mom, mostly because I heard Laurel's coo seconds after. 
    I tried to lift my hands to stand but I was too weak. Then I moved my fingers and forced my eyes open. The hurt I felt in my head had reduced but my whole body felt numb. Then I began to shake my feet in a hopeless attempt to get up. 
   "Is it just me, or did he just move?" I faintly heard my mom ask. 
    I raised my eyelids. My vision was blur but I was able to figure out my dad, my mom and Laurel, then the Doctor. I was in the hospital. 
    "He's awake. He's awake", my dad called out. 
     Two nurses rushed in. My vision adjusted a little. They checked my pulse and a few other things I couldn't really comprehend. Then Doctor David came to examine me. 
    I realized I wasn't breathing with my own strength. I also noticed the oxygen masked placed on my face and rainbow colored wires plugged on my body. I wasn't hearing clearly too. 
   "Oh my baby! Is he gonna be alright?" Mom quivered. 
   "Of course he will. He's strong" I heard my dad say. I shut my eyes. 
    "The injury on his cranium was quite severe. He's probably not going to be able to do a lot of things he used to", Doctor David said. 
    "A lot of things how? What do you mean?" Mom asked. 
     "I guess what my wife is saying is, please elucidate", Dad added. 
     "Like walking" 
     My heart palpitated hardly. 
    "Oh my goodness", Mom cried. 
   "But of course, not forever. Just a couple of weeks or months. Like I said before, it ranges. We're just speaking hypothetically, he might even start walking immediately. We can't know how bad it is till he's fully awake. So just a little patience" 
   "Are you talking about patience? He's been there for three months", Dad yelled. 
    "I'm sorry", he continued. 
   "I know how you feel. But all we can do is wait and trust", Doctor David said. 
   "Strong", I mused mocking myself. I hadn't felt so weak and useless all my life. 
   The nurses returned. My eyelids were half open, just as if I was high on hard drugs. 
    "Can you hear me?", Nurse Deborah asked as she held my hand. I was too weak to talk but I somehow managed to nod assertively. 
   "What he needs now is a lot of rest and care. You can go see him now", I heard Doctor David say. 
   Nurse Deborah injected me twice and I figured whatever it was was for energy, because I could feel my strength gradually return. My parents came rushing in. 
   "Brian! Brian!" Mom cried emotionally. My dad was trying to be masculine but I could see a glaze of unshed tears in his eyes. Mom held my hand. 
    "Mom?" I said gently.  
    "I'm here honey", she said as she forced a smile. 
    "How you doing son? I knew you could do it", my dad said. 
    "Is that Laurel?" I asked. "Can I hold her please?" 
     It was then it struck my mind. I couldn't play with her in this state. She had grown a whole lot. Fair, with a pretty smile as she made all those goo-goo-gah-gah baby noises. I missed my little sister. It hurt me so much that I'd missed out over two months of her life. How come I was so careless? Why didn't I look well? I began to blame myself, and then the depression came. 
     "It's all my fault", I finally broke the silence. 
    "How do you mean honey?", Mom asked. 
    "You know if I'd been more careful, we probably wouldn't be in this mess, putting everything through this kind of trauma", I said. 
    "Don't say that. You have nothing to do with..." 
    "Don't pussyfoot this!" I yelled. I didn't know where I got the strength from. My head ached. 
    "I'm sorry. I didn't know", I said regret ran down my pale face. I felt very weak and my head hurt. I passed out again. 
   "He just passed through a lot of stress and that's not good for him at all. That's why he passed out", Doctor David's voice echoed in my subconscious. 
    "What about the self guilt?" Dad asked.  
   "Well it's quite normal for kids in this kind of situation to experience mood swings which could lead to depression if not properly handled. Everything will be fine. Just call someone he loves, close buddy or something" 
   I missed my other family, Mèrie and Drey. I missed making trouble and our fights and plays. I missed home. The thoughts made me feel really blue. Nurse Tee came in and checked my pulse, then gave me some injections. It was evening already. My eyes had been closed all along, but I wasn't completely sleeping. This time, I fell asleep. 

   I gently opened my eyes. It was morning. Mom and Dad weren't there. Maybe because I yelled at them last night. There was something unusual about the place. I wondered why I didn't notice it immediately. Something was laid down on the long chair. Whatever it was wasn't asleep and didn't know I was up yet, probably because I hadn't moved or made a single noise. I wondered why they left me alone with a complete stranger. I mean, I'd seen in movies where assassins came to terminate a helpless patient. 
   "No no no", I snapped myself out of the stupid thoughts. I tried to get up in an attempt to get a better description of who the person was. He suddenly turned. My heart melted. 
   "Chimè?" I said. 
   "Brian!" He replied softly. I hardly recognized him, mostly because he was taller now. He came to my bed and hugged me. He was the exact person I needed at that time, someone to talk to. 
   "I missed you fam", he said as he broke out. I felt a new stream of energy in my belly. I managed to sit up on my bed. 
   "I came as quickly as I could. I heard what happened, shit's been messing with your emotions and you know I wouldn't let anything or anyone apart from me pick on you like that", he said. I smiled. 
  "But today is school day", I said softly. 
  "Oh you insult me. I'd miss school for you. Don't feel too special though. I'd grab any opportunity to skip school", he said as we burst out laughing. 
   Mèrie lied. He loved school. I laughed so hard, not just because of the joke; but because he was around. My head began to hurt again.  
   "Argh!" I moaned gently. 
   "You're such a princess", he said smiling. He touched my head. I hardly felt his hand because of all the cast and bandages. 
   "When are they taking these off ?" He asked. 
   "I don't know but not anytime soon", I said as my countenance dropped. "I blame myself for this" 
   "Don't be an idiot. Don't be dumb and blame yourself for something that had nothing to do with you. It's not even that bad. You have a large wound on your head; your legs and your hands and hands are still there, your organs work fine. It's just one of those tests in life that'll be gone in a while. Now don't you give me that depressed it's all my fault shit. Dude it's hard enough already. Don't make it harder for yourself". 
  Mèrie sent a chill to my spine. At first I was pissed. How could he be so cold? But then I realized he was right. 
  "Okay okay I'm sorry but fam, you're sorrounded by people who love you. Your mom, your dad, Laurel. Behave yourself", he said again. 
  "What about you?" I said sarcastically. 
  "I never said I did, but at least people do", Mèrie said even more sarcastically. 
  "I hate you too man", I said as we fell into a hearty laughter. 
  "Good morning ma'am", I heard a familiar voice from beyond the door. The door swung open. 
  "Oh", that was all he could say as he stood there. Drey was crying. I was shocked. 
  "Oh don't bring any sad energy", Mèrie said jokingly. 
  Drey came closer and embraced me. 
"I missed you man", he said. 
  "I'm sorry I'm um kinda late", he sniffled, then smiled. 
   "Late? It's just past 10am, goat", I said.  
   The day was mad good. I had a lot of fun with my best friends, despite my state. When I got hungry, thankfully, Mèrie ordered pizzas- that was what he could do best. I ate till my belly hurt. We laughed and sang, talked about school, the girls, and played video games. Drey brought his iPad. We watched movies on Netflix too.  
    Nurse Deborah came towards evening and gave me more injections. Mèrie and Drey laughed as I took them. It was almost six o'clock. Drey went downstairs and bought hamburgers and carbonated drinks. 
   "And that's not all. Did I tell you Drey is falling for three girls at the same time in school?" Mèrie snitched. 
   "Well you didn't but I wouldn't be surprised. He's always been a hoe", I said. "Deceiving girls with his nonsense fineness. Don't you dare come near my sister" 
    "Oh so much racism", Drey said. "I'm no hoe". 
   "Racism racism racism. Fam his grandma is black, I don't know what you're saying about racism", Mèrie said. We laughed. It was getting dark, and about time for them to leave. Drey and Mèrie were busy checking something out on the iPad. I forced myself to sit up again. I tried to feel my legs, I still felt numb. 
    "Everything is subject to your thoughts", I mused as I tried again. I gradually felt my toes, then my ankles. 
   "Help me", I said to Mèrie and Drey who came almost immediately to help me up. Immediately I stood straight, I could feel a huge rush of blood flow through my legs and I could walk. I yelped in excitement. 
    "I told you it wasn't that bad", Mèrie said. 
   "You're so lucky", Drey continued. I was limping, but I was able to escort them downstairs to the hospital entrance. At first, with every step I took, my head hurt a little; but when I got to the entrance, I was almost fine. The place was large, but not so large. 
   I bade Mèrie and Drey goodbye, then I saw Dad's car pull up in front. I don't know how but they recognized me and rushed towards me. We hugged and went back to my ward. 
   "If he continues at this rate, he'd be discharged by Sunday", Doctor David said. 
   "We figured you'd need a little company", Dad said. 
   "Thank you", I said letting down a huge grin. 
   "Wait. Where's Laurel?" I asked. 
   "She's at Chimè's place. I left her with Grace to avoid extra stress" 
   "Babe, don't call our kids stress", Dad said sarcastically. 
    "Oh he knows what I mean. Don't you Bry?" 
    "Yeah", I said as we all smiled. 
    We talked about a lot of things that night. From updates on the house, to the hood, and about school too. 
   "... and don't worry about the missed classes. There's nothing a few extra home lessons won't solve", Mom said reassuringly. 
   I yawned. 
   "It's been a long day Mom, good night. And goodnight Dad. I love you both", I said as I drowsed into the best sleep I can remember. 

  Chapter Five

   It's been three months since I became conscious. ".. nothing a few extra home tutorials won't solve.."
   Mom said that so casually but she was so wrong. It was really hectic trying to catch up; having to read a couple extra hours at every free time I got, even at midnight. Sometimes my head hurt but I really had to meet up. Mom hired a tutor for me who took me in all the science subjects. Before I got back from school everyday, she was already there in the veranda; and even during weekends. I had no time for friends, or games or extra curriculars. I barely had time for Laurel. I was gradually turning into a major nerd.
   Anyway it's been worth it. Today's the last day of the extra lessons and I'm even a little ahead of my class. School's closing next week for the Christmas holiday, and I'm taking off my casts this evening. Finally. 
  The nurse finally arrived. 
  "This wouldn't hurt much", she said. 
  Even if it did, I didn't care. All I wanted was to be normal again. When she took them off, I quickly rushed upstairs to take a shower. It was Friday, and I was finally free. I could finally wash my face and head properly. When I was done with bathing, I applied lotion to my skin and gel to my hair. I hadn't touched my hair in ages. I dressed up in a hoodie, and thick trousers. I didn't want to use a headwarmer. The bandages were gone now, and not winter of all things would stop me from showing off my glazing blonde hair. 
    "Mom, Dad I'm going to Chimè's", I yelled. I rushed downstairs and out of the house. It was freezing cold outside. I head back into the house and put on some socks with a moffler around my neck, then I set out again. 
    The whole street was plain white. The snow had covered everything. All I could see were footprints of walking people and a few white squirrels. My nose was hard, cold and crimson. I finally arrived at Mèrie's place. I knocked on the door thrice and he finally came out. 
   "Well I thought you'd never show up", he said sarcastically. "You know, we never get to talk these days. When I come over, I always find your weird that old tutor lady and even in school, you're closed out". 
    "I'm sorry", I said. 
    "Sorry for your stupid ass. I got you dumbass. You know I understand", he said as he smiled. 
   I hit my head with my left hand in an "I'm so disappointed" manner. 
   "What kind of stupid boy are you?" I said as I chased him inside. I was so caught up that I forgot to take off my boots. There was flakes of snow all over the place. 
   "Serves you right. Now you have to clean that up before your mom comes back". 
    "You little demon. I'd get you", he said as he made funny faces acting super hero and shit. I laughed as I went back outside to take off my boots. I went back upstairs to Chimè's room. 
  "Oh look what we have here. Someone is bandage free. Give us that hair baby!", he jested. Chimè was a really stupid dramatic boy. 
   "Haters". That was all I could manage as I threw a pillow at his face; and in minutes we were in a serious pillow fight. It was all fun and games until Mèrie hit my head the right spot I'd been injured. It was all healed now, so I didn't know why it hurt that much. 
   "Ouch!" I yelped. Mèrie thought I was playing. 
    "You messed with the wrong guy", he said. I was rolling on the floor and holding my head, shuddering. 
    "Oh my God. I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to", he said as he blushed in regret. 
    I leaped off the floor and laughed so hard and hysterically that I couldn't feel my belly. 
   "I got you. I got you", I shouted as I laughed at Mèrie-(and I think I got you too. Lol) Mèrie rushed at me and hit a pillow in my face. 
    "You can't be better than your teacher", he said. 
   "Well, I learnt from the best", I replied as I wiggled my right brow; then we both let out a big grin.
   "Let's go out to play", Mèrie suggested. 
    "Oh. Six year old Mèrie wants to play. I mean even Wiljoice is bigger than that", I said. 
    "Oh hail thee. Boring lameass overgrown party pooper", he said. "Good luck with your twenty-year-old-college-graduate-- who's-too-grown-to-have-fun ass, and just before you greet Abraham, get your stupid ass downstairs"_ Mèrie said walking out of the room. 
    "You're such a silly boy", I said. 
   Mèrie kept a really sarcastic straight face. 
   "You're too big to play outside, but you still pillow fight. Like our West African classmate will say, you're a mumu." 
    "How dare you talk to me like that?" I said as I chased him. 
   We had fun in the cold snow, played with snowballs and a lot of stuff. It was getting dark, and so I had to leave. 
   "Your mom's taking so long today", I said. 
   "Yeah she went to see an aunt who stays out of town. She'd be back any minute. Not all of us are babies". 
   Just as I was about to retaliate, Mrs Grace honked. We went to welcome her. 
   "I'm so glad you're okay now", she said as she buried me in her warm embrace. It felt so good, all that warmness in the cold evening. I stuck my tongue out at Mèrie. He looked away and scoffed, then took Wiljoice out of the car. 
   "Well, won't you stay and have dinner with us?" Mrs Grace asked. 
   "I don't know...", I replied. 
  "I'd call your mom and tell her you wouldn't be coming home tonight". 
  "Good. I'd beat you up for misbehaving", Mèrie said as we walked back into the house. It was already past seven. We ordered some pizzas and had dinner. Then we went upstairs, took our baths and played video games. Winter in Lesha was never severe, but this night was a little bit intense. We had to turn on the heater. 
  "I told you not to mess with me", Chimè said. He'd just beat me in the game. 
  "Whatever man", I yawned. 
  "It's about time. It's almost 1am", he said. I could hardly believe we'd been up for so long; it seemed so short. 
   "We'd check on Drey tomorrow before you leave. I think you still have a few clothes in my closet, always leaving your stuff at my place", Mèrie said. 
  "Goat. Goodnight", I said burying myself into two thick blankets. 
   "Sweet nightmares man", Mèrie said as he switched off the TV and got into the lower bunk. 



Chapter Six 

  It was a really cold morning. Looking out my window, I could see the snow coming down lightly. I said a little prayer, got down from the bunk and tapped Chimè out of sleep. It was way past 10am. I wondered why his mom wasn't screaming yet. 
  Mèrie finally got out of bed. He explained that his mom had planned going out really early today. No wonder. 
  "So how do we tell her we're going to Drey's?" I asked. 
  "There's something called notes, dumbass" 
   "Always so negative", I blurted as I took my towel and his mp3 player into the bathroom. 
    "Is the only reason you're holding me tonight cos you're scared to be lonely?" We sang Dua Lipa's part on top of our voices. It was one of the best bathroom concerts I'd been in. 
  "Scared to be lonely!" Mèrie chorused. 
   "Oh oh oh oh oh", I screamed as I made rocking movements. 
   We finally got out of the shower. I wrapped my towel and Mèrie did too, then we both got out of the bathroom. 
   "Whoa. It's almost twelve", I said. 
   "Don't come at me. My fans needed me", Mèrie said as we both laughed. We had cereal for breakfast with super lots of milk inside. We had to take full advantage of his mom's absence. We dressed up, took some cash, locked the door and put the key under the mat. 
   The air was starting to clear of it's mist and fog and the cold was coming down. Chimè had two bicycles. He got into the newer one as we pedalled to Drey's place. As usual, he was playing outside. Football alone this time though. Weird. 
   "Heyyyy", he said excitedly as we both know exchanged handshakes. "I was about coming to your place". 
   "Well it's not too late. You've been really selfish with your sister. We've barely had time with her", Chimè said. 
  "Goat." I blurted. He was right. I hadn't even spent time with her too. Books. Books. Books. 
  "My parents aren't around and I already told Mom I'd be coming to your place, so..." Drey said as he went to get his bicycle. We all cycled to my house on the hazy streets. We got to the front of my house and Drey pressed the button. 
   "Heyyyy what a surprise!" Mom said. 
   "Good morning ma'am", we all said as we got in. 
   "Where she?", I asked Mom as Chimè and Drey went to my room upstairs. 
      *.    *.             *.             *.      *.         *. 

   This was the best Saturday of my life. We played with Laurel, with video games, and even football. It was really something, because of the snow.   I was recovering so fast. I felt energy. Laurel was so big and beautiful, and playful too. Mom feared she'd get too rough if she kept hanging out with us. 
    Suddenly, she began to cry. 
   "Oh no no goo goo gah gah", Mèrie said trying to shut her mouth. 
   "Stop that. She's hungry", I said as I took her downstairs to Mom. 
    "She's hungry", I said as I passed her. Mom made her food and was leaving the dining. 
   "Can I feed her, please?" 
  "No honey. I'm not sure you know how" 
   "But I saw you do it yesterday", I insisted. 
  "Okay okay fine", Mom agreed. 
  "Ayye", I said as I grabbed the plate, took Laurel and ran up the stairs. 
  "Be careful. Jesus!" Mom screamed. 
  "I am careful", I said laughing. I didn't get why she was scared. I didn't even run fast. Besides my classmate Trey says all those staircase mishaps only happen in movies. Only girls have to be careful and pretty and all. Yes. That was Laurel's job. 
   "I'd feed her. I'd feed her", the two boys dragged. 
   "No I'd choose", I said. Laurel looked excited, and a little impatient that she wasn't eating yet. I could see it in her eyes, and the way she giggled, with an ounce of baby fury. 
   By the time we were done, Laurel was having hiccups. Loud ones. Mom said it was because we fed her too fast. 
  "I told you." Drey blurted. 
  "Shut up", I said. 
  "Oh. Kids", Mèrie said sarcastically. We all laughed. Mom and Laurel too. My friends were my everything. I mean I was really shy and had just a few, but they were the best, even Laurel knew that. I could read her eyes as she affirmed to my thoughts. I didn't care. I was sure I could. 
   "Mom, can we bake a chocolate cake, please?" 
   "Please?", We chorused. 
  "Okay", Mom said smiling. 
  The whole house smelled really good. 
  "I hope the taste is as good as the aroma", Mèrie said. 
   "My point exactly. Flavour is not taste", Drey added.  
  "Hush up kids. I know what I'm doing", I said as I brought out a breadknife. 
   "Okay ma'am", they chorused. 
  "Goats", I blurted as we laughed. I adjusted the oven mitt on my hand and brought out the cake as the oven beeped. Chimè helped me switch off the oven and then both of them came to see what I'd done. 
  "Wow man. This is delicious", Drey comfirmed. 
   "And flipping hot", Chimè said as he waved at his mouth. I cut out Mom's share and set it aside, then I went to bring Laurel out of her cot. We made milkshakes and ate. I fed Laurel again. She had chocolate and milk all over her mouth. Mom was asleep. 
  I almost cried in ecstasy. The cake was so good.  
  "Man, this is the best chocolate cake I've had", Drey said. 
  "Well the apple didn't fall too far from the tree", Mèrie said. 
  "What are you insinuating?" I asked.
  "Well your mom is a baker so..." 
  "Oh I thought you meant like... you were referring to yourself as the tree", I said. 
   "You were too busy staring at Ruth in Literature class", Mèrie said. 
  We all laughed.

  It was dusk; and the sunset was so beautiful. Laurel was fast asleep in her cot. Chimè, Drey and I went to the balcony upstairs and talked about a whole lot of random things. 
  "Okay. So it's time to leave. For sakes of those who are still scared of the dark", Drey said as he made a nasty look at Mèrie. 
  "Yeah. You can't be scared of the dark. You are the dark", Mèrie came back. 
  "Racist", Drey blurted.  
  "Hey hey hey hey. Enough with your racist racism racist nonsense every damn time. I have a little black too. Shut up. Don't you see Laurel?", I said. 
  "Goat", Drey said. 
  "That's Brian's line", Mèrie said. 
  "Oh no. Y'all senseless as hell", I said as we all laughed. Mèrie had exaggerated. Drey had nice caramel skin. He wasn't like night, like the new guy in school, Kristan. 
   Drey and Mèrie started an argument. 
  "Hey hey you guys chill. Black, white, yellow, pink; every colour is beautiful", I said. 
  "Well don't complain when you give birth to a blue alien daughter", Drey mocked. 
  "I give up. Idiots", I blurted. 
  "He just called us idiots", Mèrie said as they both charged at me chasing me down the stairs. I ran out to the house front and Drey was the first to catch up with me, throwing a snowball in my face. 
   "The sloth is still behind. I wonder where he could be", I said. My heart skipped. Mèrie suddenly jumped on me from behind. I don't know where he came out from, sneaking on me in my own house like that. We both fell to the floor and Drey jumped on us too. 
  "Kids. Kidsss!", I yelled laughing. 
  "Y'all babies", I screamed. 
  "College kid", Mèrie said as we got up . 
   "I'd return the bicycle next week", I said as I bade them goodbye watching them pedal away. 
   I went back inside and locked the door. Dad had gone for a business trip, as usual; so I was the man of the house. I got into the kitchen, made some omelette and baked bread, then kept a note for Mom on where to find hers, in case I was asleep when she got up. 
   I went upstairs for a shower. Then I got into my room and looked in the mirror, with my new white towel wrapped around my waist. My abs were still fairly chiseled now, thankfully. I put on my pajamas and brought out my Math homework. 
  "Ugh. Walkover", I scoffed. In a few minutes, I was done. I got out of my reading table and arranged my Sunday clothes. 
  I had the perfect life. Yeah I know a few months ago, I had it all shattered but now it was perfect. I had the prettiest sister, nice parents, two best friends-two only friends if you look at it, but I didn't care; and my crush didn't hate me too. 
  I knelt by my bed and said a short prayer, as usual. It was past eight. I hadn't slept this early in forever, but I'd already had enough fun for the day. I got into my bed and began to think about Laurel. 
  My door swung open. It was Mom. She thought I was asleep. She smiled and got into the room, then covered me in my blue Smurf blanket. 
  "You're growing into a beautiful young man", she smiled as she kissed my head. 
  "Good night Mom", I said as I snuffled; inhaling her beautiful baby perfume, from Laurel I guessed. Definitely. 

        •   •     •       •     •      •        •

    A beam of therapeutic Sunday morning sunlight hit my eyelids. I slept quite soundly, Laurel had been way less noisy. I checked the time. It was just past six. 
   "Weird", I thought. I still woke Mom up anyway. I went to take a shower and had another bathroom concert. I got out of the bathroom, dancing like the famous singer Michael Jackson, who was currently in Lesha for a tour. I was getting really good at it. 
   The aroma was wonderful. Mom had made breakfast. I kissed Laurel good morning and she smiled back, showing off her cute dimples. 
  "I love you too", I said smiling as I began to eat.
   There was something about the service. It was more, I don't know, realer or something. The sermon was about God always being there for us, even when something weird happens. 
   "Mom, so God is really there", I asked as we drove back home. 
   "Yes boy. God is realer than you could imagine. He's realer than what you can even see", Mom replied. 
  "But bad things still happen to people. Like that time I had that accident. He was watching. Why didn't He change that?" 
   "God is unquestionable. He is. And He sees beyond what we see. He's sovereign and can do whatever He wants. He owes us nothing. God loves us and He uses bad things to teach us sometimes, or because we've forgotten how to depend on Him. God let's some things happen to make us better. We may not see it at first, but eventually", Mom said as she rubbed my hair. She was right though. The accident really did make me better. It made me more careful. It even made me smarter, in a way. But still it hurt me. Maybe if God didn't let any bad thing happen to us, then we wouldn't need to be stronger, I thought. 
   "Weird", I said. 
  Mom parked the car and there seemed to be some activity in the house. I unstrapped Laurel from the backseat and brought her carrier down. 
   "Daddy!" I screamed as I ran and threw myself on him. It was just three days, but it seemed like two years. 
   "You forgot your little sister", Mom said from behind carrying Laurel. Then she dropped her too, held his face and kissed Dad. 
   "You forgot your daughter", I said sarcastically as I took Laurel into the house. We all laughed. 
  Something was up. Dad and Mom stayed outside talking. Mom walked in not so happy. Dad followed. 
  "What's up?", I asked Dad as I put Laurel's sucker into her mouth. 
   "It's nothing son", dad said. I faked a smile. They both went upstairs. 
   "But you should have explained to them", Mom screamed a whisper. 
   "You know it doesn't work like that. Procedure". 
   "Oh scratch that!" 
    Mom was pissed. I could see through the small space between her bedroom door and the frame. 
    "I hope they get over it soon", I thought as I walked stealthily downstairs. 
   I received the highest shock. Laurel wasn't in her carrier. She was crawling, on her way to the kitchen. 
   How the hell did she get out? And she didn't fall. It was her first crawl. We'd been anticipating. She sat up and giggled. I noticed my sister was growing into a beautiful baby princess. 
   Mom came down first. 
  "So honey what are we having for lunch?" Mom asked. 
   "Anything, babe", Dad replied as he made his way downstairs. 
   "Ouhh showbusiness", I scoffed, then smiled at Laurel who gave a dead strong face, then suddenly burst out laughing. 
   My sister was just a baby, but already crazy. 

Chapter Seven 

  "Take that", I said, throwing a punch into the face of the giant monster and getting six more points. My hands vibrated on the joystick. I wasn't expecting anyone in my room like that. 
  "Hey Dad", I said as I smiled in surprise. Mom also got in and shut the door. 
  "Son, you know how strong and wise and smart you are", Dad said as he sat on my bed. 
   I paused my game and stared into his little blue eyes. 
   "Oh no. Peptalk", I thought. 
   Dad was a heavy talker, and I was sure the next three to four hours of him talking was going to be...urgh! 
   "No Dad", I said. You're sounding weird. Did anyone die? Cause you're talking like that", I asked genuinely. 
  "No, son. Nothing of that sort", he replied. 
   "Well, okayyyy. It's just kinda weird coming to my room with Mom talking about how I can always move on no matter what comes up. And then you said something about adapting. Wait. Are you taking us to a cold mountain for Christmas? Cause no no", I said, picking my words as I said them. 
   "We're moving", Mom blurted. 
   "Like you got a new house down the street? Why? Isn't this big enough?" 
   I could see Dad trying to force a smile. 
  "What's going on?" I asked calmly. 
  "You could always have your friends. The climate is nice and the schools are sound too. I'd get you a phone and set up your laptop so you can Skype Mèrie and Drey anytime. And there's no much difference in the time zone either", Dad said. 
  "You have got to be kidding me! W-w-why? H-ho-ow?" I stuttered.
  Daddy is doing it for us. His office here is closed so he got a transfer. There's a huge payraise, so you could have more vacations, clothes, anything", Mom said. I could read the guilt in her eyes. 
   "What if I don't want all that? I don't! I'm good enough here!" I yelled as I ran out the door into the closet, and locked myself in. 
   I can't remember the last time I cried like that. I honestly didn't know what to think. No one could ruin my life like that. I didn't want new friends. I didn't want to have to miss Mèrie and Drey, or school, or the hood, or my house. I grew up there. I wasn't ready. I didn't think I'd ever be. The more I thought about it, the more tears flowed. I couldn't just move on; and even if I could, not few days to Christmas! 
   It was all too much for me, and too sudden. Few minutes ago, I was happy for how utopic my life was, and now life decided to hit me in the face, the way I hit that villain. Such disrespect. 
  "Brian? Honey?" Mom called out with her voice as light as a feather. "Please come out. We can work this out." 
  I didn't budge. I put my face in between my knees to block out whatever they had to say. 
   "Laurel is awake", Dad said. 
   Cheap blackmail. I made up my mind not to leave till they changed theirs. Soon enough, they stopped calling and left. I resumed my crying. I don't even know how long I stayed there, but then I thought about it. I could remember my classmate who left my school, because his dad became unemployed. Maybe I was being a little but unreasonable. There was obviously nothing Dad could do, if there was, he sure would have. He had to take care of us and so we had to move. I thought about telling Dad to go and leave us behind, but anytime he went for a business trip for just two weeks, it was like hell. That idea never ended well in the movies too. Besides I wasn't going to choose my friends over my dad; or myself over everyone else. 
   "Dear Lord, I'm sorry for questioning you concerning today's sermon. I get it that you want to punish me. Do what you would God, I don't think I can take this", I said as I got off my knees. I knew what I prayed was impossible. Sooner or later I'd come to face the fact that we'd be leaving, and I had to be a strong boy. So, I decided to leave the closet. I was still pissed, but there was noway I could live there forever. Besides I was starting to get hungry. 
   I made my way downstairs to the kitchen and opened the microwave in search of anything that I could eat.   
  "Honey, is that you?" Mom asked. She came into the kitchen with Laurel in her arms. Dad was behind her this time. 
   "Look. I get it okay? I get it that I have to give up my whole life". I was crying again. I was meant to be strong. Dad wrapped me in his arms. 
   "Promise me we'd be okay", I said. 
   "I promise", Dad replied as reassuringly as he could. It was already evening. I ate dinner, the most solemn dinner I ever had with the family. Even Laurel didn't utter a goo-goo. I finished my food and took care of the dishes. I was going to sleep early again. 
   I didn't even take a bath. All I did was pull up a huge blanket and wrap myself in it. 
  "Oh shit", I thought out loud. I hadn't completed my homework. I got out of bed dragging my feet in frustration and as I took out my bag, something came along with it. There was a gentle thud. A framed picture of I and the boys fell to the ground. I thanked goodness nothing cracked, but it made me blue. 
   I tried to do my homework to the best of my knowledge but I didn't even care. I just put it away and went back to bed. I tried to sleep, but I felt sudden insomnia. 
   "This is going to be a longggg night". 

  "Aargh!" I let out a gentle scream. My palms and feet were dripping with hot sweat, on a cold winter morning. I had a terrible nightmare, and the details faded as quickly as I woke up. I normally had nothing against Mondays, but today I low-key didn't want to get out of bed, or go to school, have breakfast, or any activity whatsoever. 
   I turned my head to the clock. It was almost seven. I got out of bed more unenthusiastically than you could ever imagine and said a fake short prayer as I walked to the bathroom. Then I went downstairs and greeted Dad good morning. 
   "Your mom's still asleep. Baby trouble", he said. 
   "Yeah", I replied as I forced the last spoon of grits down my throat. I dragged my feet and went back upstairs, dressed up and then came back down. I let out my hand to the telephone, to try my chances if Mèrie hadn't left yet, then I withdrew it. I didn't want to talk to him, or Drey, or anyone. 
   "Goodbye Dad", I yelled from the entrance on my way to the garage. There was something off about him. He looked pale. He spoke without emotion, and there was pain plainly written on his glazing smile. I had to be at least encouraging. It was then it downed on me that Dad could actually drop me off. I turned to go back to the house, but he was already there outside, running in his pajamas and car keys in his hands. I burst out laughing. I didn't know how, or why. I guessed he forgot too. 
  Dad and I talked in the car, and I tried my best to act like I didn't remember last night. It was usually Mom that dropped me off, but then I realized how much I'd been missing. 
  "I love you Dad", I said as I got down from the Jeep, giving the best grin I could. 
   "Love you more, son", He replied as he drove away. Then I put on my real demeanor, the sad face. 
   "Goatttttt", Mèrie hailed playfully. Drey was with him. 
   "Hey", I said as I smiled. 
   "You don't look so good. Why's your eyes swollen?" Mèrie asked. 
   "It's nothing, princess. I think I stayed up a little too late", I said. 

   It was breaktime. This was the last week of school for the year. 
   "Hell no do you think I believe all that you did there", Chimè said. 
   "Yeah, he looks like his crush beat him at volleyball again", Drey added. 
   I forgot to laugh, for the first two seconds and when I did, it was so obvious that I faked it. Anyone could see that, to talk less of my best friends. 
   "Hey. You got a 60 in your homework. What's up?" Drey demanded. 
  I was mute. There was a fountain in my eyes. I stood still, and as much as I tried to be calm, I just couldn't. And then I made the worst mistake. I let a tear fall. 
   "Hey hey hey. We're too old for that", Mèrie said. "What's wrong man? You're getting us worried." 
    "Oh. So you're worried", I said laughing amidst the tears.
   "We're moving away", I said. 
   "How? What do you mean?" Drey asked me. There was this deep concern on his face. I didn't know what to do. Looking at the both of them now, I realized what was happening, how tragic it was. 
   By the time I was done explaining, Drey's eyes glistened with tears too, Mèrie just stood still. 
   "We'd still get to talk man. Don't take it too heavy on yourself", he said. 
   The bell went for break end. We went back into the class. Mèrie didn't look so worried. As a matter of fact he looked like I hadn't told him anything, and if I didn't know better I'd have thought he was happy for my leaving; or maybe it was just I who underestimated the power of Skype. Maybe it wasn't as bad as it looked. 
  School was over and I couldn't get my eyes on Mèrie. Drey and I searched everywhere for him. He couldn't have been kidnapped. My school was safe, for the least. 
  "Brian?" A soft cherubic voice called out from behind us. It was Ruth. 
  She showed Drey and I to the deserted former sixth grade class, and there he was. He wasn't really crying. He just had this really deep pitiful sad face. 
   "Thank you", I said, turning to Ruth. I smiled at Mèrie. 
   "Your words. Don't take it too hard on yourself", I said. 
   "Man I've lived my whole life with you. You don't expect me to give it up just like that", Mèrie said. 
   Three of us cried. It was really weird and somewhat fun and we laughed in the middle of it. By the time we were leaving, we were all kinda happy, pouring out ourselves like that. I personally was happy that Mèrie finally let go. 
  We strolled back home together. Oh! It was really long and tiring but it was our final times together. We had to grasp full advantage of that. We played on the street and made funny faces. We played quiz, and even mini tag. By the time I got home, I was tired as hell, but I still managed a huge smile. 
  "Good evening Mom. Good evening Dad", I said as I walked in.
  "Hey princess", I said as I kissed Laurel and lifted her into my arms. 
  "Good evening sweetheart", Mom said. "Come join us". They were eating. The smell of the hot chocolate was so intense. I didn't even take off my clothes. I washed my hands and joined. 
   I told them about school and about Mèrie. I don't know but they thought it to be super hilarious. Even Laurel laughed along too. New start right? I guess this is life. Shit happens. 


Chapter Eight

  "We don't need that hun. We could always get a new one", Mom said as she made me return the big white vase. 
   "My mom has someone that can buy it", Drey suggested. 
   "Oh no worries. Davey's company has all that taken care of", Mom replied. 
   "Anih! You're boxing these too?" Mèrie's mom asked from upstairs. Mom apparently knew what she was referring to, as she replied yes in affirmation. 
   Everyone was busy, trying to complete arrangements for our journey the next day. Mom and Dad had a dinner planned for their close folk in the evening, a kind of get-together; or more appropriately, a sendforth. It was still morning, but we barely had any time. We had to finish packing on time, so we could prepare the food, decorate the house and all that stuff. Mom said it was just a small family dinner but I was sure as hell a lot of people would turn up, even people we didn't know. My parents were really good philanthropists. I remember a time Dad paid for a heart transplant for a woman two blocks away that he didn't even know, and that's just one of the least. 
   "Chimè. Chimè", Wiljoice said tapping Mèrie on his legs. "I want to pee pee". 
   Oh finally. An excuse to take a rest. I followed Mèrie to help with Wijoice and then we grabbed some crackers from the kitchen. 
   "Lazy asses", Drey said, throwing a towel at us. 
   "All hail thee. Mike Tyson", I replied sarcastically throwing the towel back at his face. 
   "Your mom is coming for the dinner tonight right?" Mèrie asked. 
   "Yeah. My dad too. It's two days to Christmas. I don't see what else they're busy with", Drey replied. 
   "Just that Cyfyne and Joan are a whole lot to handle in public", he added. 
   "Tell me about it", Mèrie said. Every two seconds, Mom tells me to go check on Wiljoice. You can't have peace. He's probably trying to break something or attempting to call 912". 
   "What? He wilding like that?" I asked amidst a chuckle. 
  "Mannn. He does that all the time. Last week he called and was like 'Chimé Chimè phone phone'. He's just intrigued by voice he hears on the other end". 
   "I really don't know why he learned to talk so early", Drey said. "From all those baby shows and daycare that's where he must have learned to call 912. Sometimes Joan and CyCy won't stop crying till I come sing them a lullaby". 
   "Yeah. Laurel didn't let me sleep when she was born. I'm sure if I didn't have that accident I wouldn't have slept for three months", I said. 
   "But we love them anyways", I added. 
   "Oh cheesy". Mèrie mocked. 
  "Shut up!" Drey and I came at him simultaneously, then we burst out laughing. By the time we got out, most of the work had been done. Dad's company sent a small firm to help out. And God, I was so happy about that 'cause I was tired as hell. 
   "Who else wants to have a nice warm shower?" Mèrie asked. 
  "Who wouldn't?"
  "You'd change into my clothes, and keep them", I said as we ran up the stairs. Dad was with Wiljoice and Laurel watching one of those kid shows. I really don't know how he kept up with that. Eish. 
   "In your face", I screamed as I threw the water balloon right on Drey's face,  watching him gasp for air. The bathroom was full with lather and the whole place was wet. I turned on my mp3 player and put Alessia's October on repeat. 
  "Paint a picture in my brain, encapsulate this fleeting feeling", we chorused splashing water on each other. 
  There was sudden calm. Everyone was quiet. 
  "So this is it. I really can't believe", Drey said. 
  "Well twenty friends living together can't be together for twenty years, or whatever that addage says", I said- trying to clear the air, faking a smile. 
  "I know but not like this. Maybe college or something. We wouldn't even get to spend Christmas together", Mèrie said. 
  "Well, it's not that bad. I'd be coming for the holidays", I replied. 
  "No! Scratch that! School will be trash without you around man. I don't even like school. I don't even like people", Drey lamented. I don't know the humor we found in that but we all laughed. 
   "You got the world thinking you're a star, but no you are not who you say you are". 
   "Ooh oh oh oh oh oh", Mèrie sang at the top of his voice. It was one of our favorite songs by Lil Wayne and Puth. We hummed as we came out of the bathroom. 
   "Wait. Hol' up. What about your crush?" A voice said in my head. My heart skipped a beat. Ruth. How would I get to be with Ruth? 
   "Oh man", I said. I was speechless.
  "We're not running a nude show, Brian. Where are the clothes?" Drey asked. I took them to the part of my closet where I kept the clothes Dad brought from Africa in September. 
  "Whoa. They're so cool", Mèrie complimented. 
   "Heck yeah", Drey added as he put on the blue hoodie. 
   "It's Christmas afterall", I said as I gave Mèrie my favorite watch. 
   "Damn". He said. 
   "Oh well. I try my best", I said smiling. 
   "I cherish our friendship more than anything in this world, and I wish there was a way I could stay. Y'all have been...I don't know, I don't know", I said. 
   "We love you too man. Group hug?" Drey said smiling as we hugged. 
   "Cheesy gay asses. Damn I'm so sleepy", Mèrie said. 
  "All three of us on that bed? Jeez!" Mèrie said archly as he ran to my bed. 
  Drey and I slept on the thick blanket on the cold floor. Mèrie had taken the whole bed to himself. Jerk.

   The guests were so much that we had to shift the dinner to the lawn outside. I expected worse though. Dad apparently called a decorator while we were asleep. It was then I remembered that we'd barely put out anything. It was a beautiful evening. Mom was busy with her friends making finishing touches on the food. The weather wasn't so cool and the landscape was nice too. Dad on the other hand just kept on making endless calls I couldn't understand. The aroma and the excitement was just wondering; the feel of Christmas. Soft Carols played as all the guests arrived before the dinner began properly. 
   "Good evening Sir", I said with arms open wide as I ran to welcome Engineer Adams, Drey's dad. 
   "You look so nice in that shirt", I commented. 
  "Thank you, Brian. My wife Anny  and the twins would be here any minute. Extra preparations", he replied. 
   "You're welcome", I greeted again. "I have to go now". 
   Engineer Adams was a really nice guy, even if I barely ever got to see him, or his wife Anny. They were always so busy with work, I wonder how Drey managed. And damn! Their jobs took them to a lot of places. 
   "Honkkkk", Mrs Anny's car horn went. I could here the sound of the playing twins from inside as I went to welcome her. 
   "Let me help you with them", I said as I brought CyCy and Joan out. "I'd take them to where the rest of the kids are". 
   "Brian. Brian", the little kids harmonized my name as I got in. Yeah. I had a special charm for kids. 
  "My wife and I would like to welcome everyone of you with us tonight. Hope you have a swell time y'all. We really love you. Thanks for showing up, and of course, Merry Christmas", Dad said as he made some sort of opening speech. 
   "Merry Christmas", the guests cheered. 
  Mom was finally out. She looked breathtakingly stunning, and really sexy in her dazzling red gown. Like a sixteen year old going to prom, so young and beautiful. Mrs Grace and Drey's mom were also really beautiful as they walked with Mom, talking. It was almost like the VMAs. 
  I went inside to join Mèrie, Drey and the kids. Mom really did a great job on Laurel. There she was, perfectly baby elegant. I mean, other babies were pretty cool but she was quite exceptional. 
  Drey, Mèrie and I went outside to join the party and myyyy did we eat! We had chicken and barbecued turkey and rice and pork and spaghetti and hot sauce and even pizza. And the drinks were urgh! I mean that in the best way possible. 
  "Christmas is all about family" Mrs Anny started. "And this is to the family we love that has been with us for a long while now. Mr and Mrs Hudson you're a blessing to this neighborhood and to everyone far and wide. And even if you're leaving (she swallowed), you're written on our hearts. And I know you still will be amazing to the new people you're going to be with. Anih, far or near, family is family. You are our family, you are my family, and I bless heaven for that. We love you. Merry Christmas".  
  There was sounds of Merry Christmas and kissing wine-filled glasses saturating the air. 
  The party was on till quite late but the boys and I went in to play video games, our last match for the year. 
  "I'd call you. Merry Christmas!" One of the guests said as she gave Mom a warm embrace. She was about the last to leave. Now it was just my family, Drey's family, Mèrie, Mrs Grace and Wijoice. They were all staying for the night.
  "And take that!", Drey shouted in victory, throwing me to the ground. 
  "So I guess it's a nice place", Engineer Adams said. 
  "Yeah. It's quite a thing. Just there's nothing like home", Dad replied. 
  "In no time you'd adjust, trust me" Engineer Adams said. 
   Laurel and her mates were playing. It was like one big happy family. The boys and I had another match. Mèrie won this time. Guess it was just not my night. We planned leaving town real early the next morning and they were dropping us off at the airport. Final goodbyes and all that. Well, not really final but you get what I mean. I gave Mèrie the letter I wrote to Ruth and made him promise to give her my number when I got my personal phone.
  Drey and Mèrie helped me pack up some of my favorite things. I left the gamestation with them. We joined the house and we sang Carols, and watched movies. Mom made popcorn and there was lights out too. I and the boys went back upstairs to have our bath. I don't know if we lost sleep because of the siesta we already had, excitement, Christmas, the fun; or all combined. Either way it was cool we didn't. Laurel had a sugar rush before she slept. Too much chocolates drove her nuts, so it was kinda a happy thing when she finally slept. All preparations were made. We were set to leave in every way, except I wasn't emotionally prepared. I know it wasn't really goodbye but I didn't know what to expect ahead. 
   Like Mrs Anny said, far or near, family is family. I didn't have to see Drey and Mèrie everyday to know that they were family. The bond has no boundaries. 
  So there I was staring into the dark night at 3am with everyone else asleep, thinking. I had the best friends anyone would wish for, the best parents, the very best sister, and it was Christmas. I was meant to be happy. I wish I was happy. Just that life is crazy sometimes. 

   



Chapter Nine 


    It's been two years since we moved. About that. The summer breeze was so cool and aromatic and the weather was perfect for a sunkissed picture. Jebu had been really good since we moved here. It was quite easy adjusting to school, the weather was great, and I'd made a few friends. 
  "Are you gonna be long?", Laurel asked in her babyish accent. 
  "No, baby girl. Brian's gonna be back before you know it", I replied. 
  Laurel and I had grown into an inseparable bond. She was really growing fast, and beautifully too. I'd thought of taking her along with me, but I wasn't a man for stress. Besides, Mom and Dad weren't coming, and she was too young. I was going on a fun holiday and not to babysit. 
  I wondered why Mom and Dad took so long to prepare. They were meant to drop me off at the airport, and even if I was over an hour early, I was just too excited. 
  "Mom, Dad, we're running late", I said.
  I'd packed my bag, styled my hair, dressed and done everything. I wasn't bad for a thirteen year old. About 5ft tall, and kind of muscular too, kind of. As far as I knew I was the most good looking boy in my class, and Drey gave me a few tips on how to win the girls. I was the ladies'man, and all the other boys just wanted to be me. I was the bomb. I was proud of myself. 
  Speaking of crushes, weeks after we moved from Lesha, in January after school reopened, Mèrie told me my crush moved away too, without notice or anything. My teacher just announced that she relocated, and so my letter didn't go anywhere. I was getting over her though. I didn't have any new crush here in Jebu, and so it was a shame we'd never see again. 
  I was also the smartest guy in my class, coming top student last year and being the most outstanding in the whole school this year. Dad's transfer earned him a really huge promotion and he was now the Managing Director of the company in the country. Mom had her own cake place, and she was really growing fast. She handled a lot of occasions for the big shots in Jebu. 
  It was long vacation, and I was going to Lesha for the holidays, like Dad promised, finally. I hadn't been there since that Christmas and I feared a few things might change. I was always Skyping with Drey and Mèrie, we sent ourselves pictures of how our days went, and so our bond was still there, thankfully. 
  Of course I had a best friend here in Jebu too, I'd introduced him to Drey and Mèrie. He was fourteen and really cool- Keegan. 
  "We're here", Mom said as she unlocked the car doors. Most times when we drove to the airport it was to drop Dad off, or Mom, but this time, it was me. I felt grown, nervous and excited. 
  "Welcome to Jebu International Airport". 
  We scanned my luggage and paid for the ticket. 
  "Promise us you'd be good", Dad said. 
  "I promise", I replied as I hugged them goodbye and kissed Laurel who was already crying. 
  "I'd be back soon", I said. She wouldn't stop crying but I just had to leave. I bade them goodbye as I made my way to the plane. 
  It was going to be a long flight. Thank goodness unlike last time, I came fully prepared with my power banks, my headset, my phone and my tablet; and a novel too. You could never be too prepared. There was no way in hell I was getting bored or tired. 

  Oh. Who said I wouldn't be tired? We finally landed. Jesus. I was tired as hell. It was meant to be a surprise, and so Mèrie's mom wasn't here to pick me up. I called a Uber and went straight to his house. I was quite sure Drey would be there too. It was a beautiful Saturday afternoon in summer, of course they'd be together. 
  "Over there", I said, pointing at Mèrie's house. He was outside with Drey, going out. I thanked goodness I didn't come a minute earlier. 
  "Who's that?" I heard Drey ask. 
  "I don't know. Maybe some visitor", Mèrie replied. 
  I was backing them as I brought out my luggage from the trunk, and so they really couldn't recognize me. 
  The Uber drove off. I was facing them now. The keys in Mèrie's hands fell off. Drey passed out. Wow. So extreme. 
  "Oh my God. Oh my God. Mommmm. A ghost!" Mèrie screamed with utmost sarcasm. 
  "Goatttttt. Come help me with all these", I said laughing. 
  "I missed you man. I really missed you", Mèrie said as he gave me a warm hug. I wanted to cry. He was a little bit taller, and finer too. He'd changed. I missed Mèrie, in person. 
  Wiljoice came outside. He looked sleepy. He didn't recognize me at first but I guess something reminded him afterwards. 
  "Brian?" He said smiling sheepishly. 
  "Yes. You're so big now", I said as I lifted him up. 
  "Wil, please get a bottle of water or two from the fridge, will you?" 
With one splash, Drey was up. He was in double shock. 
  "Brian. Oh my goodness Brian", he said as he hugged me too. 
  "Well you didn't look so happy to see me, going off like that", I said. 
  "Man it was all too much, you didn't even tell me", he replied. 
  "That's how stars do", I said as we all smiled. 
  "I missed you guys too. Where's your mom?" I asked. 
  I think she's asleep. I'd go wake her up. She'd be so surprised", Mèrie said. 
  "I think she um..she kinda knows about this", I said smiling. 
  "Y'all connived against me. No fair", Mèrie said. 
  "Shut up", Drey and I retorted simultaneously. 
   "Goats. Well we were about to go to the grocery store to get some cheese. Mom wanted to make a pizza. Go upstairs and rest. We'd be back in a minute", Mèrie said. 
  "Go upstairs and what? You're mad. Come on let's go", I said. 
  "Tired and exhausted finish you there", I added. 
  "The hell man. Who's teaching you all these slangs?" Drey asked. 
  "That's how the natives talk in Jebu. If you gave me a Rollar I could consider teaching you a few", I replied. 
  "Uh uh. I think I'd keep my Rollar, and my sense of grammatical reasoning", Drey said as we laughed again. 
  Lesha wasn't much different. The summer breeze was still as therapeutic as always. Apart from a new shop or two, everything else was the same. We talked about school, new friends and life in general. 
  There was a car outside Mèrie's house. Neither Drey nor I knew who it was but Mèrie didn't seem so lost. I could swear I heard him mutter some few really hurtful words under his breath. When we got into the house, I realized why, and so did Drey. 
  "I don't think he'd be so thrilled to see you. Maybe you should just leave", Mrs Grace said. 
  "But he hasn't even said a word yet", Mr Hazael said. 
  "Hey. Meet this random man I met in my house that I know nothing about", Mèrie sarcastically introduced him to Drey and I. 
  "I don't think you should be here. I don't know what you're doing here. Strangers are not allowed in this house Sir. Please leave. Do not stress my mom out", Mèrie said as he pointed at the door. 
  Mr Hazael was dead silent. He left without uttering another word. Yeah, he was Mèrie's dad that left quite some time ago for reasons my parents didn't really elucidate. I had only but a few faint images of Mr Hazael. I barely remembered who he was, and I'm sure Mèrie's case was worse. 
  Mrs Grace tried to act like nothing had just happened; but she wasn't really good at pretending. 
  "You got the cheese?" She asked, then sniffled. 
  "Yes ma'am", I replied. 
  "Oh Brian. I'm sorry. I missed you sweetheart. Y'all go on, I'd join you in the kitchen soon", she said as she feigned a smile and walked briskly up the stairs. 
  There was extreme silence in the house. We could even here Mrs Grace weeping bitterly in her room upstairs. 
  "Okay okay, someone get me the eggs", I broke the silence. 
  Mèrie was lost in thoughts. He just stared. 
  I exhaled loudly. 
  "Uzzzzah. Let's talk about this. Enough of all this pretending", Drey said. 
  "There's nothing to talk about, and nobody's pretending", Mèrie blurted. 
  "Well you can tell anyone that", I replied. 
  "I said there's nothing to talk about!" Mèrie yelled and stormed out of the kitchen. I wanted to follow him, but Drey held my hand back. 
  "Give him space", he said. 
  Mrs Grace was probably fast asleep now. 
  "You guys have perfect families. You'd never understand. Just mind your business". 
   "I'm sorry", Mèrie said as a stream of tears flowed down his cheeks. Drey and I rushed to comfort him. 
  "It's going to be okay", I said. 
   "When he left, I was incomplete. I was broken. Do you know how it feels for a nine year old to get into depression? And I grew. Gradually I moved on, we moved on, and now he's here to break me again. He doesn't deserve whatever it is he came back for", Mèrie sobbed. I could share in his deep hurt, bitterness and sadness. 
  Mrs Grace never talked about Mr Hazael since he left, neither good nor bad. She was really good at moving on, or at least that's what she painted. 
  "And after four years, no call, no see, he just walks in again to hurt me like that. I was having the perfect life without him". 
  "It's going to be okay", I repeated as I rubbed his back. "I'm guessing he doesn't know about Wiljoice" 
  "Weeks after he left, Mom started acting funny. She cried a lot those first weeks, even if she always hid it; and so I thought she was just sad. Then eventually she grew sick. I was really scared". Mèrie couldn't complete his statement as he started sobbing again. 
  This wasn't the all fun and games summer vacation I'd dreamed of. Too much drama, too much sad energy. It really hurt to see my best friend's family shattered like that. 
  "Mèrie, do me a favour. I know it's hard, but let's just pretend this never happened and go downstairs", I said. 
  "Na, I think I'd rather just sleep", he replied. 
  "Maybe better", Drey said as he signalled for us to leave. 
  Dinner that night was ultra awkward.
  "I think maybe we should just hear him out", Drey said. 
  "Hear who out?" Mrs Grace asked. 
  "Please", I added. 
  "I'm not saying anything but at least let's just give him audience. He's not the one asking. I am. I can call him, please", I said. 
  "Well I don't have his number. He changed his line when he left. That means he definitely doesn't want us calling him", Mrs Grace said. Mèrie walked out of dinner. 
  "Let's just go to bed", Mrs Grace said. 
  "Where's Wiljoice?" I asked. 
  "He's sleeping over at Esther's place. He's going to be there for a while". 
  I barely had any sleep. I was searching the internet for Mèrie's dad. I couldn't find him till past midnight. Unemployed FBI. I arranged for him to come around by 9am, and the deal was that we never talked. 
  I talked with Dad and told him what was going on. He was actually the brains that helped me get in touch with Mr Hazael. Thanks to technology. I knelt by my bed and prayed, the longest I'd done in years, for all to go well. I just wanted Mèrie to be happy. 




Chapter Ten 


  Mèrie, Drey, Mrs Grace and I were Skyping with Mom. It was hilarious when Laurel saw me on the screen and tried to get into Mom's laptop. There was a knock on the door. 
  "I'd get it", Drey said. 
  "It's him again", he whispered.
  I gave the puppy expression to Mrs Grace and made Drey open the door. Mr Hazael walked in, fearfully. 
  "Hey", he said. Of course he was ignored. 
  "Say whatever you want to say Mr Hazael. We're kinda busy here", Mèrie said.  
  "Wait. What's that bastard doing there?" Mom yelled. 
  "It's alright sis, I got this. We'd call you back", Mrs Grace said. 
  "I know whatever I say makes no difference, but I'm sorry. I don't know what or why...", He broke down in tears. 
  Mr Hazael explained that he left because he thought he fell in love with someone else. 
  "You stopped loving me? I loved you. I cooked for you. I had our baby. I gave you my body even when I was tired from work. I lost my job for you. I respected you Hazael, but you threw it all away"
  "I don't think the kids should be here", Mr Hazael said. 
  "No. I think they should know what an ungrateful wicked lowlife strifling bastard looks like, in case they don't run into one in future. And since when did you start calling the shots? No child support, no calls, no divorce. You just stormed out one morning. I tried my best to make this marriage work, and I think you should be grateful I didn't file a lawsuit; and just get the hell out of here". 
   "But it wasn't me, Grace. I didn't know what came over me. I was bewitched. I suddenly fell in love with the janitor in my office, and I was dying for her. I didn't know what got over me", Mr Hazael tried to explain further.  
   "That same spell should get you out of my house, and run you over. Do you know how hard it was moving on? Do you know how it felt breaking up with the only man I'd ever loved? Do you know how hard it was driving myself to the hospital and having a baby without a father? When it was time for discharge, I drove myself home Hazael, all because you couldn't control your hoe self. Love grows cold Hazael, and in my case, there's not even any love left. You think you can just get out, and come in with open arms? I'm not your toy, Hazael. Those days are gone. Get out". 
   "I was spelled, Grace. Please listen to me. She put a spell on me. I'm begging you, just here me out. I just need another chance". 
   "Well, bipity bobity boop and get the absolute hell out of my house. You can't just walk out and walk in. It don't work like that honey. Get out". 
  "Pl..pl...", Mr Hazael stuttered. 
  "Get out before I call the cops on you!" Mrs Grace screamed. 
   "I'm sorry", Mr Hazael said as he dropped a note on the floor. 
  "I know you don't believe it, but I love you. Always will". 
  "Hell yeah I know you loved me when you were trying out new positions with your janitor girlfriend", Mrs Grace said. 
  "I'm sorry kids. You weren't supposed to see this". 
  I was low-key happy. At least I could catch a glimpse of what really happened. Mèrie went into the kitchen. 
  "Spelled. Pftt." He said as he poured himself a cup of water. I could see from Mr Hazael's eyes that he was genuinely sorry, and I was sure both Mèrie and his mom still loved him, at least a little. They were just hurt. Wiljoice didn't even know him. There was hope. And maybe Mr Hazael didn't stress about the baby part because he didn't want to look selfish; or so I thought. 
   "You were with child? How? When? Whose baby is it? Where's it?" He asked as he came the next day. I was the one that opened the door for him this time and those were the first things that came out his mouth. 
  "It doesn't matter now", Mrs Grace replied. It seemed she was happy with the fact that he found out, even if she never wanted him to know; perhaps to hurt him a little and intensify the suspense. 
  "Please tell me. Do I have a daughter? I'm really sorry for letting you down like that", he said as he got down on his knees. 
   "I had all I could ever dream of. A beautiful son, a beautiful family. Halsey was a witch, Grace; from the deepest part of the devil's hell. She bewitched me into leaving my family and following her to her place in Kuzeeba. We were so perfect together, or so I thought. One day I came back from the factory before time and she was in the bathroom. I saw a red book on the bed, some sort of journal, or diary, with my name and some really weird fetish stuff. Some really weird Asian demonic stuff, Grace. She walked out of the bathroom and caught me reading it. At first she tried to lie that it was just written fiction but when I wouldn't have any of it, she summoned demons into her cat and tried to kill me. I was blind, Grace. Even if we don't get back together, even if I just want us to be together, just please find it in your heart to forgive me. I know you'd never see me the way you did, and even if you don't forgive me, I'm glad you could here me out. I love you Grace. I loved us", Mr Hazael said as he wept softly. 
  "Grace", he continued. "I lost everything. I lost my job, I lost my kids, I lost my wife, I lost my friends, I lost my peace, I lost my sanity. I lost my happiness, I lost everything that made me, me. And I know I don't deserve a second chance, and nothing I say can suffice, I know no one in your shoes will do so, but please Grace, for the sake of what we once was, for the sake of anything, even if nothing in this world is worthy enough, just give me another chance". 
   "Enough of the Telemundo shits Hazael. If you had another way, you wouldn't be here. You need me now because you got nothing. Where were your feelings when I begged you, Hazael? Where was a second chance at happiness when you stayed days out and came in with no reasonable explanation? The lonely nights. I was married Hazael, but my body was starving. I wasn't even fat, I even looked better than when we first met. Not to be proud, but yes! To be proud, I even looked better than your slut. You destroyed the home you were supposed to run back to, you weren't there for your son. What lesson do you want him to learn?" 
  They were both crying now, Mèrie too. 
  "The same way you walked out our lives, Mr Hazael, the same way you broke our hearts, just leave through that same way. I'm sure you know the directions. I had to lie to Mèrie everyday that his dad had an overseas job and that he'd be back soon, until one day his classmate told him he wasn't good enough and that's why his dad left him. Do you know how that was? Of course not, because you're a selfish, delusional and evil man. You do not deserve love, you do not deserve compassion. And the only reason I don't regret showing up at your wedding is because you gave me my kids. See how you belittled yourself to barely nothing but a sperm donor? Get out of my house Hazael. Do not involve us in your karma". 
  Mrs Grace wiped the tears off her eyes as Mr Hazael walked out, again. 
  "Leave! And this time, don't you ever come back!" 

  "So what was his excuse?" Mom asked from the phone. I could here Chimè's mom from the hallway explaining all Mrs Hazael said and how all that was total bullshit. 
   "I know you don't want to hear this, but girl, give him a chance". 
  "Give him a what?" 
  "I mean. I'm just saying. From the way you spoke, you still love him and a part of you believes him". 
  "Hell no sis. We need to teach men that we're not waiting toys. He can't take advantage of me like that. He has to pay. It doesn't work like that, this isn't Fairytopia." 
  "Neverland or Fairytopia, girl that's on you. You're denying yourself peace and happiness because you want to deny someone else. Grace, you're not like that. Don't let hurt change you. On a normal basis, you know I'd kill that man myself. But even if you don't forgive him for him, do it for yourself. Invite him for dinner or something. I'm not saying you should have him back immediately. You can still make him suffer", Mom said. 
   "Goodbye Anih", Mrs Grace said as she hung up. 
   "Mom, did you by any chance see my swim trunks? I kept it right there", Mèrie asked. 
  "It's wherever you kept it Mèrie, there are no aliens in this house", Mrs Grace replied. 
  "And how do you know that? I found them anyways. Thanks for nothing", Mèrie said as he went downstairs. 
  "We're going!" He yelled. 
  "A minute", Mrs Grace yelled back. 
  "So I'd drop you off at the beach and come pick you by 5. Have all the fun you want before then. I wouldn't wait a second. And remember, swim only in the shallow waters. The beach is a dangerous place". 
  "Yes ma'am", all three of us chorused. 
  "Mom, quit acting like it's our first time on the beach", Chimè said as he rolled his eyes. 
  "Well it's your first time by yourself", Mrs Grace replied. "And don't give me that or you'd be grounded this very minute". 
  "Whatever", he replied. 
  "Mèrie!" Mrs Grace yelled. 
"Hey hey hey hey. You guys calm down. What's it?" Drey asked. 
  "Be done by 5", Mrs Grace said as she walked out. Mèrie never acted like that, neither did his mom. All the recent drama had taken a toll on them. 
   "Guy the water is so cool. Damn! " Drey said. 
  "I know right. This is like the best swim I've had in years", I said as I wiped water off my face. 
   Mèrie wasn't so involved. He got out of the water and we followed. 
   "Do you think he deserves another chance?" He asked. 
   "Deserves? Well, no. But he needs one. That's what makes you a good person. He's still your father", Drey replied. 
  "And if you weren't worried, you wouldn't be asking us", I added. 
  "Just find it in your heart to forgive him. But his explanations though, juju and all that nonsense, how's all that?" 
  "Well I've heard of such in Jebu. Warlocks and magicians. Love potions and all that stuff. Victims have no control over themselves. But you're forgiving him not because of what could have happened, or if he's at fault or not. Your father needs a second chance. Your father bro, and I know he hasn't been that but either way, the ball is in your court", I said. 
   "I don't know what I'd do without you both", Mèrie said. 
   "You don't have to. We love you too man", I said. 
   "Speak for yourself", Drey blurted sarcastically. 
   "Goat!", Mèrie and I said simultaneously. 
   It was really cool seeing Mèrie laughing genuinely, like in the movies- best friends laughing on the beach. I was happy, because he was happy. 
   "Who wants to take pictures? The sun is perfect today", I asked. 
    "If we don't, that'd be a waste of sun. Even God wouldn't be happy with us", Drey said. 
   We took lots and lots of pictures. We even uploaded on the Gram simultaneously. This was going to be the best summer ever. I had a forest of pictures to show Mom, Dad, Keegan and Laurel back in Jebu. I enjoyed every piece of it. 
  "I'm hungry. We wouldn't eat pictures", Drey said. 
  "Yeah. I think we've had enough. The food should be under that umbrella over there", Mèrie said. 
  "I have an idea. Let's make this some sort of friendship beach party. Just the three of us, who's in?" I asked. 
  "You can never have enough Brian", Mèrie said. 
   "I'm in". 
  "Live every moment bro", Drey replied. 
  I turned on my mp3 and Shawn Mendes' Life of a Party was playing. 
  "Ouhh this pizza is so good", Drey complimented. 
  "Oh well", I said, proudly. 
  We took more pictures in our little picnic party, went back to the ocean and took a handful more. It was wonderful. I was at the peak of felicity. Mèrie had a sugar rush from ice cream and he just kept talking.
  "Isn't that Wiljoice?" Drey asked. 
  It was Wiljoice, and Mrs Grace was there too. 
  "I guess it's time to leave. It was worth it afterall. Thanks guys", Mèrie said. 
   Wiljoice refused to let go of me, even as we got into the house. 
   "Chimè, we need to talk", Mrs Grace said. 
  "No. You need to listen, Mom. I can't believe I'm saying this, but I think I want my dad back". 
   "We can have dinner with him tonight", Mrs Grace said smiling as they hugged. 
  "But how do we get him?" She asked. 
  "I have his number", I blurted; almost letting myself out. "Um the card he dropped the other day", I said as I fetched it from the vase. 
  "Good", Mrs Grace said. "So what are we having for dinner?" She added. 
  "Chicken soup!" Wiljoice screamed. 
  "Okayyy. Chicken soup it is. You guys get some chicken from the freezer. I'd go get my phone so I can text your dad". Mrs Grace said. 
   "Dad?" Wiljoice asked quite shocked as his eyes dilated. We all fell into a deep, hearty laughter. 



Chapter Eleven

  Mrs Grace had this shimmer I'd not seen on her in a really long time. I guess today was the best day of my life. We were serving the plates when there was a knock on the door. 
  "I'd go get it", Mrs Grace said, walking out of the dining. 
   "Hey", she said. "Welcome", she added as she ushered him in. Wiljoice gave him a dead stare. Chimè just ignored him. 
  "So you said something about second chances. Let's see about that" Mrs Grace smiled. 
  Mr Hazael couldn't move. Lol. Who would? Perhaps he even thought we were about to poison him, or shove a hammer down his throat and throw him in the basement or something. 
  "Hey. I don't even know why Mom let you in here. But you have one more shot at being the father of the most amazing kid in the world and I guess maybe I still love you", Mèrie said as he gave his dad a warm embrace. 
  "Don't you dare walk out my life without permission again dayd. Never", Mèrie said as they both sobbed. Wiljoice just didn't utter a word but kept giving Mr Hazael this deadly stare. 
  "Oh I guess you need to meet someone", Mrs Grace said as she looked at Wiljoice. 
  "Is it? Wow Grace, he's beautiful. Oh Lord!" Mr Hazael exclaimed emotionally as he got up to take Wiljoice who let out a piercing scream the instant Mr Hazael touched him. 
  "Leave meeee! Stranger!" He squealed.
"I guess..I deserved that". 
"That's no way to talk to your dad", Mrs Grace said. 
  "Daddd?" Wiljoice said as his face widened. "But I don't have a daddy", he frowned. 
  "Well we have one now", Mèrie said smiling. 
  "Liar! I don't have a daddy.", Wiljoice vetoed and made the baby scream. 
  "I don't have a daddy. Isn't that so Mom?
  "Let's eat, honey" Mrs Grace said amidst laughter. 
  "I told you!", Wiljoice said. 
  "....And then you kept crying because you didn't take Ted to school. You were like 'Daddy Ted wants to join me to school'. I told you toys weren't allowed in school and then you frowned like this and said, 'Smuggle him in my lunch box". Everyone burst out laughing. Mr Hazael was telling stories about Mèrie when he was younger. 
  "And you're the one who always calls me petty", I said. 
  "How old was he?" Drey asked laughing.
  "He was like what?" 
  "He was four", Mrs Grace replied. 
  "Enough already!", Chimè objected. We went into another round of laughter. The chicken was so soft and supple. Mrs Grace was a god. 
  "I missed your cooking, Grace" Mèrie's dad commended. 
"You don't have to anymore", she replied.
  "I promise you",  he said. 
  "And thank you, kochanie", he added as he touched her hand. 
  "I was drowning in those happy thoughts about us and then I realized we'd never be together again. I felt there was nothing to live for after you sent me out yesterday. And as a matter of fact, when you called me few hours ago, I was about to take a overdose of tetracaine and just leave everything". 
  "What's kochanie?" Mèrie asked, trying to blow off the dust of emotions. 
  "Oh. It's Polish for sweetheart. That's what your dad used to call me in college. I didn't think he'd still remember that", Mrs Grace said as her eyes glazed. 
  "And thank you too, Brian. You're an amazing young man", Mr Hazael commended. I flushed. I still didn't want him telling them though.
  "Well I'm not supposed to say this, but Brian here was desperate enough to find me. You need more friends like this, son".
   Mr Hazael explained further how I was the one that made the move to find him, and the arrangements for him to come back. I felt like a hero, but I just wanted Chimè to be happy. My summer fun fiesta was finally normal, and sadly, almost over too. For the least, it was worth it. It wasn't boring and plain and utopic, and I somewhat enjoyed the drama, now that it was over of course. I was in ecstasy that Mèrie's family was now complete, and everything was alright. 
   "Eat that!" I said as I made victory moves in the room. We were playing a video game and I finally won. My reputation was back. 
  "Mind if I join you?" Chimè's dad asked shyly. He used to be amazing back in the days, as a matter of fact, he taught us both how to play. 
  "Naa. I think there's an extra one",Drey said. 
  That night was extraordinary. I won twice more and apart from that, it was all Mr Hazael. 
  "There's a summer show in the park tonight. Is there anyone who doesn't like crowds?" He asked. 
  "Well a little bit but I guess I don't mind. Anything is fun with family", I replied. 
  "Wise saying", Mr Hazael said. 
"He's not wise. That's just a song Bieber and Sheeran sang", Drey opposed. 
  "Hateerrrrrr", I said as we all laughed. 
  "So y'all have your bath and get ready. I'm going to tell your mom". 
  It was already past eight. I wondered when we'd be back. We took further time to prepare and get dressed, we wore matching beach shorts. 
  "My phone, in case we need to take pictures", I said. 
  "It's night, Brian", Mèrie mocked. 
  "That's why these things come with flashes. Besides your dad says the place is gonna be lit, literally". 
  Chimè's mom looked so beautiful, and it was kinda weird- even if it wasn't a bad thing that she wasn't the one driving. The park was beautifully decorated and it was a real show. Bands were performing. I wondered why we hadn't heard of it. I was stoakeddd! We got out of the car and bought last minute tickets. 
  "Neon. Neon", Wiljoice said. We got some neon lights, then we made our way and joined the crowd. Alessia Cara was the one performing. I was even more stoked. 
   "All you have to do is wait a second, your hands on mine...", I sung along at the top of my voice. I screamed as I sang because I was a huge fan of Alessia, and then she noticed me and called me on stage with her. I was nervous as hell. It was a dream come true. I didn't believe myself. The sweat on my hands was enough to salt a barbecue, and my legs were vibrating. Mèrie, Drey and everyone else cheered; but my heart was palpitating, rigorously. 
  "And so for my next song, I'm going to be singing a song I originally did with Troye Sivani. I'd be doing it with my biggest fan out here, Brian Hudson". 
  The crowd cheered. I was numb. This was my shot. A lot of people would die to trade places with mine, it wasn't even possible in normal occurrences to have this kind of opportunity; I swallowed a large gulp of saliva. 
   "You make my heart shake, bend and break, but I can't turn away and it's driving me wild". Before I knew it I was in the sky. I did so gooooood. Cameras were out, everyone was cheering. I was officially a celebrity, my voice sounded better than normal,  some even said it was like Trey Songs'. 
    This summer was a bomb. After I got offstage, we went to get some midnight ice cream. It was way past 1am. We watched puppet shows and plays and competitions. Life was perfect, life was beautiful. 

  Mèrie sniffled as he hugged me goodbye. My flight had just been called. 
  "So you can't come for Christmas?" Drey asked. I just smiled. I'd already given that answer a hundred million times. I hugged everyone goodbye.
  "I'd call you", I said as I went on the plane. I felt a little bit like crying, just a little bit. Okay okay I really wanted to cry but I had to be a man, departing cries are for the pretty girls at the end of school session, not a man like me. But I was sad. I didn't want to leave yet, I didn't want to leave at all. I still wished there was a way I could come back to stay in Lesha, with Mom and Dad and Laurel; Keegan too. 
  Yes Keegan. I still had Keegan. The thought of that made me happy again. I remembered that I had a life in Jebu, I really don't know why I forgot that for a second. I had friends, and school wasn't so bad too. It was a long flight as usual, and it was boring as hell. We landed, and as I came out of the plane, the sight of my family baptized me with smiles. I ran to hug Laurel first, then Mom, then Dad. 
  "Grace told me about everything. I'm proud of you, Brian", Mom said as she kissed my nose. 
  "And I'm more than certain that you had a good time. Your Gram was flooded", Dad said. 
  "Yessssss!" I squealed. "And I performed with Alessia..", I continued. 
   Laurel was just so happy. Each time she smiled, it warmed my heart that I wasn't alone afterall. She too had stories to tell me and with every word she said, it filled me with an inexplicable peace. She spoke so innocently, so wise, so true; and I could see the love in her eyes. 
  Maybe moving to Jebu wasn't so bad. I mean, I had blessings on two different sides of the world. The best of both worlds, literally. 
  We were home. As I got out of the car, I could see someone coming from a distance. I deciphered it to be Keegan. 
   "Keegan! Keegan!" I called. He couldn't hear me; he had his earphones on. I took out my cellphone and called him, then he finally saw me. 
  "Good evening", he greeted, smiling at my parents. 
  "Heyyyy. You're back". 
  "Bleh. I've been screaming your name, goat". 
   We both laughed. He helped me pack my things into the room.
  "So you're a celebrity now. Someone posted a picture of you and Alessia. The Gram is wild! When last did you open your phone?" He asked. 
   "Are you playing with me?" 
  "Nooo. I'm wrestling with you, idiot. Just don't forget about me when you start going on tours". 
  I opened my phone. Random dm's from random people. My followers were maddd. Alessia Cara posted our video and asked if I'd like to do something like that again in her studio in Strallia. Hell yes! I was too excited, and so I passed out. 
  A bottle of water splashed on my face and forced me back to consciousness. It was all so fast, I felt like I was dreaming. Keegan and I strolled out that evening, as tired as I was. I had not had myself some good sleep in days. I promised Mom that after this time, I'd have real rest. School was resuming in a week's time. I had to be fit. 
  Keegan had some sort of new vibe, and I mean that in a good way. I talked about my summer holiday, and he wanted all the details. On our way to his place, we stumbled into a girl. I don't know why, but she looked really familiar. 
  "Naa. I don't think so. We just moved in last week. I was just taking an evening stroll", Evelyn said. 
  "Well it was nice to meet you", Keegan said as he pulled my hands. I couldn't get my eyes off her. She had beautiful curly cupreous hair and deep ice blue eyes that I was totally lost in. 
  " What did you do to your hair?" I asked. 
  "Stop pulling me", I said to Keegan. 
  Evelyn smiled. "I was born with it". 
  "You're beautiful, I mean it's beautiful", I stuttered. 
  "Lover boy", Keegan muttered. 
  "What was wrong with you?" I inquired. I was pissed. 
  "Love has blinded you. Her dad was watching us. And besides you don't even know her like that". 
  "You know on a normal day I wouldn't talk to a random person I meet on the street. I mean, there are some people in class I've never talked to. But I don't know what came over me, I feel we have some kind of umm" 
  "Some kind of what?" 
  ".. connection. And besides you're not sure it's her dad. I hope I get to see more of her". 
  "Well she stays around so there's a 1/10 chance you'd see her on a summer evening walking around doing nothing".  
  "Thanks a lot for the encouragement", I said. 
  Jetlag finally hit me when I got into Keegan's place; not just the usual one, but it was so extreme that I slept off on the couch through dinner and woke up too evenings later, on my own bed. Eish. 

  
Chapter Twelve 

  Four years after Mr and Mrs Shawn got back together. It was a rather dull evening. Keegan had gone away for a few days and my whole family was asleep. I was having one of those moodswings again. I totally didn't understand why I was feeling sad; and the fact that moodswings is supposed to be a girl thing made me feel worse. I had a nice family, nice friends, I was meant to be happy, but that's how it always was. Anytime I was like this, I didn't remember why I should be happy. 
  "Teen star Brian Hudson is set to be there too. It's going to be exciting". 
  That was the first thing I saw when I turned on the TV. Yeah I was some sort of celebrity now. I had a wonderful career and things were turning quite well for me, in a split of a second. Just that tonight, apparently just wasn't my night. I went to my room upstairs and looked at myself in the mirror. For a seventeen year old, my beards were coming out just fine. I had the perfect body for a teen star, or so I thought. As I looked closer into the mirror, I realized I wasn't so handsome afterall. I'd taken a billion and one medications, but the acne breakouts just kept occurring. There was spots on my face, and on my body. 
   "Drink water for glowing skin yen yen yen. Why am I different?" I asked myself. Of course nobody saw them in my pictures because of the edits and all but it pained me that the man in the mirror was the real me. Perhaps that's why I was feeling that way. I suddenly didn't feel good enough. 
  "You're just overthinking things. Umph", I rebuked myself. The last time I told Dad about my occasional depression, he said overthinking things made it worse, and that every bad way I felt will definitely pass. I fetched my laptop and checked my Gram. Nothing new. I got on the bed in a futile attempt to sleep. I rolled from end to end, I just couldn't. 
  "Brian?" Laurel called out. 
  "Aww you don't look so good", she said worriedly. Her voice changed my mood instantly. I felt a little better and let out a radiant smile. 
  "I'm fine", I said as I caressed her chin. 
  "I was just wondering if you could help me with my homework. I know you're kinda busy lately but.. " 
"No I'm not cheesecake. Show me".   
  Laurel was smart as hell. I didn't have a lot cut out for me. Everything about her was amazing, even the way she held her pencil was kinda cute. 
  "Andddd we're done", she said. "Thank you, Brian". 
  "Anything for my cheesecake". 
  My phone rang. It was Mèrie. Why the hell didn't he call me when I was drowning myself in stupid thoughts? 
  "Yeah man. It's really like yesterday. I can't believe we're graduating", I said. 
  "You can as well go back to preschool if you don't believe it", Mèrie replied. 
  "You're always an idiot. Love you man", I said as I hung up. 
Mèrie just reminded me. Prom was coming and I still hadn't told Evelyn to be my date. I mean, she was my girlfriend, but I had to make it official, like a gentleman. It was almost seven. Anything to get out of this boring house. 
   "Wanna join me? I want to grab a few things for prom" 
  "Like a prom dress? Yessssss", Laurel replied excitedly. 
  "Help me with my car keys", I said. 
  "It's too high up", she said as she came back from my room looking frustrated. I went to my room, took my phone, the keys and my credit card. 
  "Laurel Jockeil Hudson, shall we?" I stretched my hand to Laurel who I felt was unnecessarily excited. 
  The streets were lit and beautiful, and the stars were a bonus too. 
  "I think I'd take this one. She loves blue; and that pink buttonniere", I said to the boutique keeper, Lady Debby. 
   "Hey Laurel, go get your favorite dress for yourself", I said to Laurel who paused, probably to process the surprise, then let out a big shrill. 
  On our way back, we got some ice cream and went to see my manager who called that he had something really urgent to tell me, which wasn't so significant eventually.  
  Laurel had an ultra amazing voice and we sang together as I played the guitar while Mom made dinner. 
  "And count on me like 4 3 2 and I'd be there, cos that's what sisters do", she sang. 
  "Laurel made me forget totally how I was feeling before she came. As a matter of fact, I was on top of the world. 
  "So you place your hand on the string and hold on to that", I directed. I was teaching her how to play the guitar, and she was catching up really fast. 
  "Hear this, hear this", she said. 
  "And I'd be your angel that sticks with you forever. And we'd sing Hallelujah la la la there's nothing more than family. Hallelujah la la la", she sang. 
  "Oh my shits!" I screamed. Laurel had just hit a note so flawlesslly and effortlessly like she hadn't even done anything. I mean, for a six year old, she was too good. 
  "I love you Laurel", I said. 
  "Brian, Laurel, dinner's ready", Mom said. I thanked goodness she didn't ask for our help in the cooking. 

__      
   
   Prom night. I drove to Keegan's place to pick him up. The night was as usual, and I was feeling a little excited of course. 
  GreenHill High was beautiful. Every one was literally glowing. 
  "Hey. Brian. Isn't it that nerd Susan girl? Whoaaaaa. She looks hot!" Keegan exclaimed. 
  "I told you to quit pointing at people like that", I said embarrassedly. "But whoa. I never believed she could ever.. you know. I mean she's the most boring Mary in our class. She doesn't even know how to dress right".
  "My point exactly. Maybe she wanted to surprise us. Look wretched for the whole of high school and then show up on prom like a complete snack", Keegan said. 
  "Well she sure did. Everyone's looking different. Jesus!" 
  As I turned around, I couldn't believe my eyes. I was stunned to my balls. Evelyn was like a cake that just walked out of hell. I can't stress that enough. She had this pink lips gloss on that always drove me nuts. Light makeup, but extremely attractive. The blue dress was perfect, and her heels glittered- My very own Cinderella. 
  "Oh.. my...God", I said. 
  "Oh stop it. Don't flatter me. You look hot though, as usual", she said as she kissed my left cheek. Keegan had gone to be with his date. I was alone with Evelyn now. Well, not alone, but you know what I mean. 
  Soft jazz music was playing. It was time to dance- the first really romantic moment of my life. I took Evelyn out, wrapped my arms around her waist as she placed hers on my shoulders. My mind flashed. 
  "Wait wait wait. I'm sorry. I can't do this. Not this way. Let's start again", I said. She reluctantly stopped, shocked and silent. 
  Then, with my head bowed and my hand stretched, I said as romantically as I could: "Can I have this dance?"   (You thought I wanted to reject a dance from my crush? Lol. Think again dear.) 
  She laughed. And so did others, even people that weren't there, like you. It was then I realized the whole school was looking at us. I just wished they could mind their business. I was getting shy. 
  "Of course", she finally said. I'd always dreamed of using that line, just like in the high school movies. 
  The most famous couple in my school-Troy and Gabriella danced a few inches  away from us. I wrapped my hands around Evelyn's waist, again; and with her hands on my shoulders, we began dancing. Some people were still staring, but I didn't care anymore. 
  With every step together, every spin, it was like heaven. Evelyn was a great dancer and I'd really rehearsed for this. Memories of our friendship from the very first day I met her with Keegan on the street, to when she got enrolled into my school, then to when we became lab partners; and then the day Keegan coerced me to tell her how I felt, a few weeks after I turned seventeen. 
  "Oh I love that dress but you won't need it anymore", we sang along to Bruno Mars' song. I looked into her eyes. I still don't know what came upon me. I kissed her. It felt like I didn't exist for a minute. It was my first kiss. I'd always expected it to be ridiculous, and we'd probably empty loads of ptyalin concentrated fluid into each other's mouth, or our noses would collide or something; but it was perfect. Evelyn's lips were so soft and gentle.
  "I'm sorry", I apologized. "I should have asked first". 
  "Shhhh. Don't be sorry for a good thing, apart from the fact that I'd have to reapply my lip gloss", she said smiling. 
  I was madly in love with Evelyn, and it was then I realized how lucky I was. It suddenly downed on me that high school was over. All the friends I made, the experiences. We'd never be together again. I wished I could start again, living every moment a little slower this time. 
  Prom was over. It was almost midnight. Everyone began to converse with people they'd never talked to throughout their time in school together. We embraced, exchanged numbers and all of that. The only time we'd get to see each other again was on graduation, and a lot of people would be called to college before then.
  It was finally over- High school. I reminisced from my first day, to the day we had our last chemistry practical, when Keegan, Evelyn, Dafe, Derr, Joan and I almost blew up the whole of Lesha. All that fun, all that love. Some people had found family there. I'd found love. My eyes glazed with tears. It was crazy. I mean, we'd probably get to talk but it'd never be the same. The journey was over, yet it had just begun. 


Chapter Thirteen

  Life had been good. Lots of travels due to my new career. I followed my parents' advice and took a little hiatus from school before I moved to college, to focus on my career. I got to perform in Lesha sometimes, but I never got to see my other family. Sometimes the pressure was much and there wasn't even time for myself. I was getting used to jetlag- a little price to pay for the limelight. 
  I'd just called my manager to cancel all appointments, for my birthday in a few days. Drey and Mèrie were coming too. They'd finally get to meet with Keegan. My girlfriend, Evelyn was on holidays and would definitely be attending. I planned it to be very private, with only close friends and of course, Laurel's friends too. She actually asked for Wiljoice to be around but I wasn't sure Mr and Mrs Shawn would allow their barely ten year old son on such long flight without parent supervision.
   There was a knock on my door. It was Laurel. She'd tied up her thick long auburn brown hair into a ponytail and her blue eyes glistened in my room.  
  "Mind some company? Was kinda bored", she said as she side beside me on my bed. I was trying to fix my wristwatch. 
  "Of course I don't", I said as I dropped the watch and held her hands. 
  "What do you want to do?" 
  "Well if I knew I'm not sure I'd be here", she said as she feigned a laugh. 
  "You're excited about your birthday, aren't you?" 
  Laurel screamed in fervour. 
"Yessssss! And it's your birthday too. That's what makes it more exciting. I've told my friends and that nasty girl Winifred". 
  "If you don't like her, then why invite her?" 
  "Who says I invited her? Naaaa. I only told her she can't come". 
  "Ouch", I said. 
  "Oh yes", she replied archly. 
  "Mom says the cake will be two colours, but I feel that there should be two really large cakes. Like really enormous mickle cakes", she said as she demonstrated with her hands. 
  "Whattt?" 
  "Okay okay like somewhat big pretty cakes, and candles and music; and you'd perform too". 
  "Of course. We'd sing together". 
  "Yessssss. Let's sing that family Hallelujah song that I wrote. I love that song". 
  "Well it's never too early to rehearse. Get me my guitar". 
  "Why would I get bored when I have a brother?" She cheered. 
  "And guess what lil sis" 
  "What?" She asked as she looked up. 
  "I'm working on a new album with our favorite Shawn Mendes, and he says we can sing it together as a bonus track". 
  "Whattttt? No!" 
  "Whattt? Yes!" I said smiling. 
  "Oh my God! This is amazing" 
  Laurel was really mature. Sometimes I feel she was more mature than I was when I was her age, but she was only turning nine. We sang, played and made cookies. 
  "When is Wiljoice coming? I have a whole lot to tell him", she said. 
  "Umm. I wanted to tell you something", I started. 
  "I'm not sure Wiljoice is going to be able to make it" 
  "How? Why? But.." 
  "His parents think he's too young to come all by himself. Mèrie is coming straight from college, so he can't bring him..." 
  "Then let them come with him" 
  "Life don't work like that". 
  "But Drey and Mèrie are coming. You have all your friends, but I asked for one thing and I can't get that?" 
   "Don't talk like that. Abigail, Franca, Tracy, Meegan, Cody. They're coming aren't they? " 
  "It's not fair!" 
  "Life's not fair", I conceded. "I wish there was a way to..." 
  Laurel stormed out of my room. 
  "Laurel! Laurel!" 

-------- 

   "I saw her sobbing in her room but she wouldn't tell me what's wrong", Mom said as she walked in. 
  "I had to tell her the truth about Wiljoice and she didn't take too well with it". 
  "Oh. Poor thing. She really had high hopes of seeing him". 
  "I wish there was something I could do Mom, it really hurts seeing her like that". 
   "We can't always get what we want. She'd get over it. I came to tell you that your dad would be coming back tomorrow". 
  "Really? Cool. I'd be expecting him", I said as least excitedly as I could. I was an adult now. I had to act grown and unruffled. 
  "I think you should go talk to her. She wouldn't listen to me", Mom said. 
  "I will. She needs some time". 
  I had never seen Laurel look so chafed. I mean, it was someone she'd never seen before, except we're including when she was a baby. 
  "Hey", I said as I ducked to enter her room. 
  "How are you?" 
  Everywhere was silent, except for the occasional sniffles that echoed accross the room. 
  "Umm I called Chimè, and um he says he'd be going home to bring Wiljoice along. Sooo" 
  "Really?" She asked sulking as she wiped her eyes. 
  "Yes really. So you can as well shake off the melancholy and come give me a hug". 
  "I love you", Laurel said as she buried herself in my arms. 
  "And guess what?!" 
  "I guess whatever it is must be really something, the way you lit up like that". 
  "I said guess, party ruiner". 
  "I just did. Duh".
  "Dad's coming home tomorrow". 
  "Whattt!!!! This would be the best birthday ever!", She squealed, jumping accross the room like a frog with a little too much glucose in its bloodstream. 
   "I know right?" I mused. 
  My phone rang. 
  "I'm coming angel. I have to get this". 
  "Brian, we need to talk", she started. She sounded worried, and wanted us to meet at the restaurant accross the street the next morning. I paced my room back and forth wondering what it could be that took life from her voice. I prayed nothing was wrong. I prayed, literally before I went to bed that night. I really didn't know what I'd do if anything happened to her. 

--- 

  "Hey", Evelyn said as she pressed her lips against mine. Her kiss tasted like cold air and sunshine. 
   "You sure you don't want anything?" 
  "Does it look like I arranged an urgent meeting just to eat? I have lasagna at home, Brian". 
   "Whoahhh. Chill your tits down babe. What's up?" 
   "Brian, we need to talk, and this is very serious. I never settled for this. Why?" 
  I placed my hands upon hers. 
"What's that? Is it your dad?" 
  "I know this sounds selfish, but I wish it was. For the past few days, I haven't been myself. I don't know..." 
  I could see intense hurt in her ice blue eyes. 
  "Tell me what it is. You're killing me with suspense". 
  "Brian. I think..I think..." 
  "You think what Evelyn?" 
   "I'm pregnant". 
  An arrow was fired into my spine instantly. I froze. My hands and forehead suddenly became cold. 
  "You're what?" I screamed, raising attention from other people in the eatery. I didn't mean to shout, but that was the only thing I could resort to. I mean, I and Evelyn had sex only once. It was the only time I had sex all my life. People have sex day in day out and nothing happens. 
   I recalled that day as clearly as it was. I felt it was time for me to make love to Evelyn, to have my first sex. Afterall it was called making love, and I really loved her. I didn't use latex, but of course I bought pills. She complained that it could cause ovarian cancer, but I watched her take them. Worst of all, I barely released anything into her. It was all on the blanket. I even thought my pullout game was really strong for a first timer. I didn't tell Mèrie though, nor Drey nor Keegan; they weren't really in support of premarital sex. I wasn't either but I just wanted to try it, just that once. I was careful enough, so how come? I just wanted to know what a woman's body against mine felt like. The motion, the heat, the excitement, the pleasure. And the sex was really lit too. I'd promised myself I'd wife Evelyn when the time was right so I could have more of that. 
   "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to shout", I said soberly. 
   "Few days ago, I started vomiting and I've been feeling really nauseatic, morning and evening sickness. I didn't take it seriously, but I just realized I'm supposed to be two days into my period, but no flow". 
  I was frozen. How could she get pregnant? Out of nowhere. Maybe it wasn't mine. But I trusted her. Jesus was born already. What the hell! 
  "You can't be pregnant, Eve. I mean you've got school, and I still have my life to live. I'm not ready to be a father at nineteen. I'm not ready to give up everything in raising a child. I still depend on the love of my parents. Eve. I'm.." 
   "It's twenty, Brian. You'd turn twenty before he'd be born. But what does it matter Brian? You think I'm happy with this? In a few weeks I'd be going back to school. I had big dreams for myself. Graduate, become a marine biologist, get married, then have kids; not just have kids. Brian, what do you think my dad would say?" 
   "I'm more worried about what the papers would say. Everyone knows I'm one of the only few celebrities that isn't engaged in babymama trauma. The Label will freak. My career, Eve. What the... But you took the pills. You took the pills!" 
   "You bought them yourself, remember? And hey. Before you start going all selfish and shit, remember I told you I didn't want to. You insisted". 
  "Heyyyy. Heyyyy. Shhhh. It's okay. I love you, no matter what. I'm sorry, but there was no way I wouldn't be freaked out. We'd get through this. But do me a favour. Let's not talk about this until after my birthday tomorrow, please". 
  I couldn't drive back. I felt hazed and dizzy. I had to take a cab home. I got another shock of my life as I walked in. 
   "Thank you, thank you, thank you", Laurel squealed as I got inside. 
   "Hey broooo", Chimè said. He was with Keegan, Drey and Wiljoice. I reasoned they'd been around for a while now. I feigned a smile. 
  "Heyyy.  Y'all welcome. Such a pleasant surprise", I said as I turned to Laurel, then looked down as my eyes almost gave me away. I walked briskly up the stairs and got into my room. 
   "What have you done, Brian?" I mused. 
  Someone walked in. 
  "Laurel now's not really a good time". 
  "I told you there's something up. He's not alright. See the way he smiled. It was stamped fake fake fake", Drey said. 
  I was crying now. I didn't know why I was crying, I didn't want to cry; especially with them there. I was a grown man, a father at that. 
  "Hey hey hey what's that man?" Keegan asked concernedly. 
  "It's nothing", I sniffled. 
  "Wow. Nothing. Kay", Mèrie said sarcastically. 
  "Stop. You know I won't take that man. We're brothers and were here for each other", Drey said. 
  I sniffled one last time. 
  "Trust me it's nothing. I'd be over it". 
  "I'd hang you by the ball sack man, talk", Mèrie threatened. 
   I laughed. 
   "It's funny though. You know once we were so young, so carefree and innocent. All we had to worry about was the crayon color to use for our homeworks; and then we just grew, like so fast. Like I wish I could relive all that consciously this time, make the best out of it. Like take the most advantage out of childhood. I was overthinking and the tears broke. It's nothing, just light nostalgia", I lied, after much persuasion. 
   "There you go. Cheesy. So that's why you welcomed me like I stole your first girlfriend in third grade. I almost thought you didn't want us around", Drey said. 
  "That's life man. Shit happens. Get over it. It would pass", Chimè said as he patted my shoulder. 
  "It'll pass. Those are Dr Samuel Jr's words you bloody plagiarist", I said smiling. 
  "Oh shit. You know him", Keegan said. 
  "Who doesn't? Men that guy is good, like ultra good man. I mean I don't really dig poetry and all that, but that nigga is a box of talent. Shit!", I said. 
  "You know calling him nigga is racist,  right", Drey mocked. 
  "Bitch. His grandma is black. What the.. And you know, calling him racist kinda makes you racist man", Mèrie replied. 
  "Racist racist relay yen yen. Scratch all that. Just be happy man. That's what matters", Keegan said. 
   "Do you hear that sound whenever the mirror shows us our reflections? Silence. Silence is the most beautiful song I know". 
  "I love the way he writes, coupled with the fact he's so young", Keegan continued. I was happy the subject had been changed, but my mind wasn't with them. I wasn't broke, and I loved Evelyn. I just wasn't ready to be a father yet. 


Chapter Fourteen 

  "Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday to you", the guests sang. The harmony was wonderful. Laurel looked stunning in her white dress, like a little bride. I daydreamed of how beautiful she'd look during prom, and how I'd help her choose a date after numerous invitations. 
  "And now I'd love to sing a song to the best sister in the world. I could write forever about you princess, but here it goes.." 
  "Not all gifts come in boxes, ohh my angel, my gift is you..uu.." 
I could read the content boldly written on Laurel's face. I was happy because she was happy. Not to be nasty but I think Wiljoice was catching a few glances and tripping a little, or should I say a lot. Well it'll sure be nice to see them get married. It was beautiful imagining Laurel having her own family. Looking at her now, I realized my sister was my guardian angel. I didn't even have any time to think about Evelyn's pregnancy. 
  It was a nice home party. Just a few guests- Mom, Dad and some special people. I know I lied yesterday, but honestly there was some truth in that. I really felt I was growing too fast. Twenty and successful, but I really wished life could take a chill pill, slow down a little. But even Evelyn's pill didn't work, did it? 
  "Heyyyy. It's your birthday. Be happy", I thought to myself. I was happy though. For all it's worth. At least the fact that I was going to be a father soon was enough to make me excited. Naaaa, enough to give me a heart attack; but each time I looked at the faces, I could see love, people who'd traveled from blocks and miles away to see me happy, to see me smile. I was worth it; and love would get me through this. 
  Everything was set for the pool party. A little dallying on my birthday wouldn't hurt afterall. 
  "Hey man, won't you go change?" Keegan asked on the top of his voice. The music was a little loud and it was my song that was playing- Party with you. Oh, the content my heart felt. 
  "Where's Chimè and Drey?" 
  "They're upstairs already". 
  "Let's go then". 
  I didn't know what to wear, the trunk or the full suit. The only reason I didn't like swimming was because I didn't want the whole world to see my print. Urgh. I decided to wear briefs inside and then loose shorts on top of it. There were two pools- a smaller one for Laurel and her folks and a larger one for mine. 
  "Aren't you joining us?" I asked Mom. 
  "Joining you? I'm busy in the kitchen". 
  "Well you could join when you're done. A little fun won't bite you". 
  "Yeah. I'd come join a bunch of teenagers jump around a pool. Okay hun. I'd be there in a minute". 
  "Urghhh. First off Mom, I'm not a teenager. And secondly, life is short. Live it. Anyways porcelain grandma, have it your way", I said as I kissed my Mom on her cheek. 
  "Naughty boy. Speaking of porcelain grandmas,  your grandma Dorcas called yesterday to wish you guys a happy birthday. You know, the timezone is wayy different back in Frica". 
  "I'd call her when it's over. Thanks Mom". 
  Evelyn was stunning in her bikini. She tried to have fun but I could still see through to her paleness. Nevertheless, she was hot. 
  "Who wants to take pictures?" Mèrie asked. 
  Of course I wanted to take pictures. We took one, then dozens, then a dozen above a billion. 
  "Some shirtless hot stuffs for girls to drool on", Drey said wiggling his eyebrow. 
  "Pervvvv", I said. We all broke into a happy laugh. I danced with Evelyn, had a few drinks with the boys. Shit! Dad's cocktails were everything to write home about. My phone was buzzing every two seconds. Birthday wishes from one fan or another friend. There was no way in heaven I could finish replying even a third of them in three months. I'd rather make a public appreciation post instead. 
When the party was over, Laurel, Wiljoice, my girlfriend, my three best friends and I went to see a movie. 

"I feel sorry for Curtis", Laurel started. We were on our way back. 
  "I don't know what I'd do if I ever lose you like that. Aliens are evil", she continued. 
   "Hey heyyy, you're never going to lose me; and secondly don't generalize people like that. Some aliens are probably nice", I said.
  "Because you've met one", Eve blurted. 
  "Aliens aren't even people man", Chimè said. 
  "He's probably right", Drey contributed. 
   "Aliens don't even exist man", Keegan said. 
  "Shut up and drive", Drey rebuked. "Because you haven't met one doesn't mean they're not real. Because you haven't seen something doesn't mean it's not there, except for your brain of course". 
  "My teacher says behind every rumour is a fact", Wiljoice started. 
  "Okay okay okay. Let's not drag this. Let's talk about something else", Evelyn said. 
  "Noo. I want to talk about aliens", Wiljoice insisted. 
  "Oh my goodness, what's that?" Keegan pointed. 
  "What's what?" I asked. 
  "There. Over there guys. It's coming this way!" 
  I admit for a second I got scared. 
  "I'm an aliennnn. I want brainsss", Keegan mimicked. 
  "That's zombie talk man, don't be an idiot", I said. 
  "You didn't let me finish my introduction. I am Zombalien. I want brains and I want to use earth as a nursery for my new generation". 
  "Why did wisdom skip you, bro?" Drey asked, shaking his head. 
  "Mannn. Your brain needs a janitor", Evelyn added. 
  "Naa. I think janitors only clean places that exist", I added. 
  "Ouch!", Mèrie said. 
  "Shut up, scaredycats. We're home", Keegan said after a round of laughter. 
  "Home where? Does this look like home?" I asked. 
  "We're in the front of a mall, Keegan. Please did anyone mix tequilla in his drink? Jeez!" Evelyn exclaimed. 
  "Or sprinkle cocaine in his popcorn", I added. 
  "Besides we have to drop the lady off at her place", Chimè said. 
  "I was playing. What the hell", Keegan said as we gave up another round of laughter. 
  "Pull over. That's her house", I said to Keegan. 
  "I think I'm supposed to know that", he replied as he parked the car. 
  I escorted Evelyn to get doorstep and hugged her goodnight- her dad wasn't in. 
  "Why'd you stay so long bro?" Drey asked. 
  "How?" 
  "Fam you were talking to her for over fifteen minutes and it looked like y'all were talking about something", Mèrie said. 
  "Oh. It's just school and stuff man, nothing much", I lied, again. 
  "Oh...Kay", Keegan said, picking his syllables. 
  "Awwn. Romeo", Laurel blurted. "Like you guys would get married and I'd have nephews and all that" 
  My heart skipped. 
  "What do you know about marriage? And who's Romeo?" Wiljoice asked. 
  "I read. I watch movies. I'm exposed. Duh" 
  "This generation. When I was your age, my role model was SpongeBob", Drey said. 
  "I think it still is. And that explains a lot", Chimè said. 
  "Speaking about marriage", he started. "I really think you and Wiljoice should, you know". 
  "Ewww!" Wil and Laurel said together. 
  "I'd rather marry a cricket", Laurel said. 
   "Believe me girl, if you were the only female left in the world, I'd marry a euglena. I'm sure you don't know what that means. Look it up", Wiljoice bluffed. 
  "Oh such pretence", Drey said. 
  "They're kids. Don't spoil them", Chimè said. 
  "I'm not a baby anymore. I'm nine", Laurel vetoed. 
  "Oh. News flash princess, you're still my baby", I said. We all laughed. 
  Dinner was wonderful. Dad gave me some birthday peptalk, just like the past nineteen times, even if I could only remember just a few. Mom did too. We had fried meat, hot biscuits and gravy; and pineapple juice. 
  "You guys get to have fresh strawberries?", Wiljoice asked. 
  "Yeah we handplucked them", Mom replied. 
  "Seriously?" I asked. 
  "It was a birthday gift from Mrs. Brennan's garden", Dad replied. 
  "God bless her then", I said. 
  After we had dinner, I and the boys went upstairs for a game. And by the boys, Wiljoice was there too. 
  "I'm tired of watching. I wanna join in", Laurel insisted. 
  "Girls aren't allowed. It's for men", I said. 
  "First off, Wil here is never a man, and secondly what makes you think I can't? Except y'all studs are scared of a little competition". 
  "Hey princess. Be careful what you wish for. Besides there's no extra joystick", I said. 
  "I think I came with one", Keegan said, digging into his box.
  "There". 
  "Are you sure of this? Won't you rather go play with Barbie or Lara Croft or something?" Wiljoice asked joshily. 
  "Shut up", Laurel rebuked. 
  Keegan won thrice. Damn. He was getting really good at car race. I won twice, Drey and Chimè won once. Laurel was struggling. This was our last match. 
  "And boom!" Wiljoice said as his car crossed the finish line. He came first. 
  "My joystick is old", Laurel defended. 
  "Sure. Network problems. Weak battery. Or maybe it's because it wasn't pink. Yen yen yen", Wiljoice mocked. We all found it funny, except Laurel. 
  "Oh don't tell me you can't take a good natured banter", Wiljoice mocked further. 
  "There's still tomorrow", Laurel said walking out of the room. "I'm going to watch TV". 
  "Hol' up", Wiljoice said, running after her. 
  "Okay Mr Loverboy. What's up?" Chimè started. 
  "Yeah. What's up with both of you?" Drey pressed. 
  "I don't think I know what you mean. With both of who, man?" I feigned. 
  "Fam, stop", Keegan said. 
  "Stop what exactly?" Y'all drank behind me? 
  "You've been hiding something man. I know you were faking nostalgia and all that nonsense yesterday. You of all people should know that", Chimè said.
  "And you should know that we're here for you fam. No matter what", Drey said. 
  "So we ask again. What's the problem?" Keegan asked placing his hand on my shoulder. 
  My eyes glazed. There was no way in hell I could hide it anymore. 
  "She's pregnant", I blurted. 
  "Who's pregnant?" Drey asked, quite lost. 
  "What? How?" Keegan asked. 
  Mèrie's silence scared me. 
  "I didn't tell you guys because I didn't think you'd understand, and I didn't want to start a fuss over stale bread. But that's it guys, I'm going to be a father soon. Evelyn is two weeks pregnant", I said, turning to Drey. 
  "You had sex?" Mèrie finally spoke. 
  "Just once man. Yes. I had sex with her once, and once in all my life too". 
  "And you didn't think you should be safe. You went to have sex as grown as you are and you didn't think you should be safe, Brian!" Mèrie yelled. 
   "Hey calm down", Keegan said. 
   "Am I stupid? I mean am I mad? Of course I was safe. I didn't use a condom, but I used pills. I don't know what happened". 
  "And she's pregnant. Since when did we start having sex man? What's wrong with you? You just ruined your life because of a five second orgasm". 
  "First off, sex is way more than that; and secondly I just wanted to know what it felt like". 
  "Lucky perk, Brian. You'd know what it feels like to be a father too. I knew you were changing. The lights, the cheers. Everything's getting into your head", Mèrie said. 
  "Hey hey Chimè Shawn. Don't you judge me like that. Don't you dare judge me cause you don't even know what I go through". 
  "Okay Brian Hudson, so what are you going to do with this news. What are you going to do, huh?" Mèrie asked. 
  "Why didn't you tell us you slept with her? I mean, we share everything with each other", Keegan said. 
  "I think with the way we flared up, his reasons are crystal clear. Let's take it easy on him. He's as unhappy as we are about this. He's learned his lesson", Drey said. 
  "So what are you going to do when your parents find out? When the press finds out? When Laurel finds out? Is that the kinda example you want to set for your angel?" Mèrie said.
  "I made a mistake Mèrie. I screwed up big time. I'm so lost right now and I agree I was stupid and naive and wrong, and if that's how you want to rub the mess in my face, then okay". 
  "Oh my God, Brian", he started. 
   "I'm sorry man. I'm sorry. I don't know what came over me. I was so stressed and worried over you I didn't have time to process it and think and react. I didn't know what to do anymore man". 
  "I know I screwed up. That's why I didn't want to tell anyone. I failed myself. I failed y'all. I was just desperate, I'm sorry", I said. 
  "No. We are sorry. Thick or thin, we're brothers right?" Keegan said. 
  "We'd go through this", Drey added. "Don't let it bug you. Come morning we'd talk about this". 
  "You didn't mean for this to happen fam, it's alright", Mèrie said. 
"I don't know what I'd do without you guys", I forced a smile. 
  "You don't need to because we're not going anywhere. We'd beat this man", Keegan said. 
  I felt half the load fall off my shoulders. I don't know why I hid it from them for so long. Okay I do, but now that I let them know, I felt way much better. I was the luckiest guy in the world, no doubting that. 
  "On the bright side, it won't hurt having a youngun around", Mèrie joked. 
  "It won't what?!" I exclaimed as we went into a round of laughter. 
  


Chapter Fifteen

  "Good morning Mom". Mèrie and I  were making breakfast, a special recipe from Mrs Grace. 
  "How much more, Bee?" Dad asked from the dining. 
  "You could come to the kitchen and do it faster", I said under my breath. 
  "What did you say?" Dad asked. 
   "A few more minutes, Mr Davey", Mèrie came to the rescue. "What's wrong with you?"
   Food was finally ready. The aroma was breath taking. I was proud of myself. 
  "Oh Chimè, this is nice", Mom said. 
   "True that. You guys should open something", Dad said. 
  "We'd think about that", Mèrie flushed. 
  My phone rang. It was Evelyn. I hastened up my food. 
  "I have to go now. I'd be back soon", I said. 
  "To where? We're barely done with breakfast". 
  "I just have to sort a few things out", I said, turning to Laurel. "I'd be back right now", I said as I rushed outside. 
  "Oh shit. My car keys", I mused. I went back in to get it. 
  "Hold up Brian. I'd join you", Mèrie said. 
  "We'd join you", Drey and Keegan chorused. I drove them to the place Eve and I normally met. 
  "You guys wait inside", I said. 
  Evelyn even looked more pale than she did the last time. On seeing me, she smiled. 
  "Umm, so when I got home last night, I had a fever. I guess it's because of all the cold and swimming from the pool. I got so sick, I had to make sure what was wrong with me". 
  "I don't understand". 
  "I never really ran a pregnancy test, babe. I called a friend- Christy this morning when I felt better, around 6am. She came with a doctor and we ran some tests". 
  "I'm still lost, Eve". 
  Evelyn placed her hands on mine. 
  "I was sure I was pregnant, but I wasn't so sure. Morning sickness, missing my period..." 
  "Evelyn." 
  She let out a huge hearty grin. 
  "My period came this morning, Brian. I'm not pregnant". 
  I was supposed to feel peace in my heart, but I didn't feel like that. If she wasn't pregnant, what was wrong with her? The good news , as ironical as it sounds, is I didn't get to be a father anymore; but there was something more. 
   "Aren't you excited?" 
  "I am. But something's up. Something you're not telling me. What did the doctor say?" 
  "Oh silly you. Don't get so worked up about that. I called you so we'd go check on the results together". 
  "You missed your period, Eve. That doesn't sound so 'nothing to worry about' to me". 
  "Brian? It happens sometimes. I'm sure there's nothing to worry about. You should rather be happy I'm not pregnant. Jesus! I feel so relieved". 
  "I just want you to be alright", I said as I looked into her eyes. 
  "I am alright", Evelyn said as she kissed me. 
  "Now let's go check on the doctor. It's just a stone throw".
  "Are you strong enough to walk?" 
  "Don't baby me Brian. I walked here myself. Let's go", Evelyn said as she pulled my hand. 

  "Okay, so it's just a rare case of pseudocyesis. The brain sends wrong signals that the womb contains a baby and the body begins to act like she's pregnant. She misses her period, has nausea and all that. That explains the paleness too. There's really nothing to worry about. Let her take one of these and a good amount of sleep tonight, and she'd be fine", Doctor Charis said. 
  "Are you sure, Doctor?" I asked. 
  "You have nothing to worry about", he said reassuringly. 
  "I told you". 
  "When I was pregnant. Sorry, when I thought I was pregnant, truth is, I was scared, Brian. For you, for me, for my school, I was scared for us. I didn't want to cut your dreams short like that. 
  "You are my dream, Evelyn. I realized that even if I lost everything, I was starting a family with someone I genuinely love. It'll have been worth it. And I hope one day when you're ready, I'd have the honors of your children calling me 'daddy". 
  "I love you". 
   "I love you more". 
   "But basically Brian, what I'm trying to say is, let's not do that ever again". 
  "Do what? Have sex?" I asked raising my left brow. 
  "Yessssss!" Evelyn squealed laughing. 
   "I was scared as hell babe. Jesus. Labour, having a child right now.. Jeez!" 
  "Hehe let's go and have fun in a hotel tonight. Just you and me. Both of us. Versace on the floor". 
  Evelyn burst out laughing. 
  "You're a fool, Brian". 
  "I'm a fool for you". 
"But seriously, God was really gracious to us, seriously". 
  I raised my right brow this time. 
  "Tell me about it".
  "Brian baby, this was a second chance. I've been listening to a lot of Richie Femi's audio preachings and I'm born again now", Evelyn started. "And premarital sex is fornication" 
     "Preach sisterrrr!" 
    "And so, no Versace is dropping till you put a ring on it", Evelyn said smiling. I loved the innocence I read in her eyes. I was madly in love. 
  "Okay okay. Anything for you. Besides how the hell do you think I'd take such chances again? Am I mad?" 
  We both fell into a deep laughter. There we were, walking down the street, holding hands and all. I was happy. I found love, and I was never letting go. 
  "Hey come pick me up at Hilson Bus stop", I said on the phone. 

  "We were waiting forever for you man. What are you doing here?" Keegan asked. 
  "Loverboy. Why are you smiling like that?" Drey joined. 
  "Well, I escorted her to see a friend", I said. 
   "And..." Mèrie persisted. 
  "And bla bla bla Evelyn's not pregnant. It's just a malfunction that's taken care of. Bad news is y'all aren't gonna be godfathers anymore". 
  Everyone was quiet. 
  "So are y'all gonna look at me like you ain't seen a hot ass man or y'all gonna shoutttt!" 
  "I'm so happy man. I'm just too shocked. Jesus!" Mèrie said gently. 
  "Wow", Keegan said. 
  "I'm twice as wowed", Drey added. 
  "So I decided to celebrate, I'd take you guys to my office, so you can see how I make my music, and perhaps catch a few chills on the way back". 
  "I think I like the sound of that", Keegan said. 
  "I love the sound of that", Drey corrected. 
  "Thanks guys. Y'all are family for real". 
  "I'm driving this time", Mèrie said. 
  I felt relieved. I can't stress that enough. Things were back to normal now; and the happiness that came with it...damn. 
  "You guys took so long. Where were you?" Wiljoice asked. 
  "Sort things out indeed. They smell like cookies and Irish cream. The only sorting out they did was hang out without us", Laurel said. 
  "And there's a stain on his shirt. There. Chocolate" 
  "Don't get jealous. Enough enough. It was for grown ups", Mèrie said. 
  "We just had to attend to something really important", I added. 
  "Obviously", Laurel said. 
  "Okay let's strike a deal. If either of you get the highest points, I'd let you guys go out", I said. 
  I still had a few days before the record would be needing me, thankfully. 
  "Hey um. Remember we'd be leaving tomorrow. College calls, and school for Wiljoice too", Mèrie said. 
  "You didn't have to man. I know. Let's just make the most out of today". 
  "You guys remember that girl from High school? The one I liked, that ruined my life when I wanted to be friends?" Drey asked. 
  "Cassie Nickerson? Guy, high school was like yesterday, and that wasn't really something anyone would ever forget. It was so hilarious, and sad", Mèrie said. 
  "I honestly don't know why she acted like that though. You've always been a fine man right from day one, unlike some of us that got lucky on the way because of puberty. It's a funny thing she embarrassed you like that", I added. 
  "That's the way some girls think, and right now I really feel sorry for them; trying to use proposals and friendship offers from boys for clout. They just want to feel themselves you know- to show the world and shit", Drey said. 
  "And I don't know where or how she got my number but she texted me and it was super desperate". 
  "Ouhh. Hot boy. But why now? Weird", Mèrie said. 
  Drey chuckled. 
"What"? I asked. 
  "Funny story. I posted a video on my Gram for the first time with you yesterday, wishing you happy birthday and stuffs; and she reacted to it". 
  "But of course. If you can't get the celebrity, you get his best friend, right?" Mèrie said laughing. 
  "My thoughts exactly. That text will sleep there. I'd probably think about replying it a day or two to the rapture", Drey said. 
  We all laughed. 
  "Cheap", I said. 
  "I think you should give her a chance. Maybe it's a coincidence. Maybe it's not what we assume and she just wants to make it up". 
  "Hell no. That's not how it works fam. You either want me, or you don't. I need someone who's desperate for me, obsessed with me, that doesn't have to love me for status; not some apparent cloutchaser. Besides I'm not even interested in girls for now", Drey said. 
  "Ohhhh. So you're interested in boys", I said licking my lips sarcastically seductively, slightly raising my left brow. 
  "Gay", Mèrie blurted. 
  "Don't be a fool. That's not what I meant". 
  "Oh...Kay. So by 'for now' you mean you'd be gay for the meantime. Okay", Mèrie said. 
  "Shut the hell up. Fam I can't be in a relationship now. I have goals and seasons. Now is for college. I'm just working on getting the best grades. Trust, when I graduate with straight A's and have a successful business career, with this perfectly chiseled body, and smouldered iron hot face,  even your Evelyn will rethink your relationship". 
  "Hey hey leave my girl out of this. It hasn't reached that". 
  "Goals and seasons. Mr LaLiga", Mèrie mocked. 
  "Where's your own girlfriend? Before you talk to me". 
  "God's time is the best", Mèrie said. We all laughed. 
  "Brian here is the lucky guy. Who would have imagined that?" Keegan said out of the blues. 
  "Where the hell you been, man?" I asked. 
"I didn't even notice", Mèrie said. 
  "I was hungry. Don't judge me", Keegan defended. 
  "Glutton. Yeah. Beautiful girlfriend. Nice family. The dumbest set of friends. I'm quite lucky afterall, eh?"
  "Don't flatter yourself", Keegan said. "You still lack common sense. You weren't so lucky in that aspect". 
  "Ouch", the two chorused. 
  "Idiots", I blurted. "You guys just make me proud". 
"Okay Mom", Mèrie replied archly. We all laughed. 
  "I think I'm a little hungry too", I said. 
  "How many rounds would you have today?" Drey asked. 
  "Of sex?" I asked. 
  "Of food you gluttonic pervert!" 
  "It's only one life man, live it. Besides, we have a game tonight. We have to use all we have. Those kids have something pretty bad mapped out for us". 


Chapter Sixteen 

"We really wish we could join you guys to the airport, but I have a huge meeting with the board in fifteen minutes and my wife here has another flight to Loughton to catch", Dad said. 
  "There's no need for that sir. Thank you very much", Mèrie said as he gave my dad a handshake. 
  "Oh come here. You guys are so big now", Dad said giving them a tight squeeze. 
  "Send my greetings to Hazael and your mom. You too Drey, don't forget to tell Adams to reach me as soon as he can. I have to go now", Dad said as he rushed to his car. 
  "You boys take care of yourself okay? I love you", Mom said as she rushed to the Uber. Laurel refused to go to school. She wanted to see her new best friend off. 
  "Okay let's get in", Keegan said. 
  In about half an hour, we were at the airport. 
  "Next flight leaves in five minutes". 
  "Don't forget to call me", Laurel said to Wiljoice. "I'd miss you guys a lot too", she said as she turned to Chimè and Drey. Keegan and I hugged them goodbye. 
  "Awwn. Don't cry. We're not dying", Wiljoice said to Laurel. 
  "I'm not crying", Laurel denied. 
  "Bye", she said as we waved at them. 
  Driving back home, I realized how back to normal life was about to get. Evelyn was going back to school the next day, Keegan was leaving in the evening, and then work was resuming. All I had was myself now. Sometimes at work I didn't come home for days. Writing and cancelling and recording and re-recording; the shows, invites. At least they kept my mind busy. I dropped Keegan off at his place and bade him goodbye too. Laurel was as noisy as silence at home, still trying to be a big girl. I was bored as hell. I decided to see Laurel one last time, at least before she went back to school. 
  "Hey babe. Are you free?" 
  "Yeah I think I have a minute", she said. 
  "Let's meet today at our usual place". 
  "Are you like going somewhere?" Laurel asked. 
  "Yeah. A date with Evelyn", I replied. 
  "Oh our sister in-law", Laurel said lifting her brows twice in playful mockery. 
  "Oh don't be nasty", I said. 
  "I like her though. I can't wait for you guys to get married, so I can be the pretty little girl in the pink dress throwing flowers". 
  "Really, I didn't know you were such a princess". 
  "Don't you dare tell anyone I said that".  
  I laughed. 
  "I think you'd be even prettier in your own wedding dress". 
  "Whoaaaaa. Don't you think it's too soon to talk about that? Like it's a really long time from now, but hell! I can't wait. Mom, Dad, the cake, the lights. I'd be the Queen. Just imagining it takes me to ecstasy". 
  "You never know. Time flies. Two blinks and you could be getting married to your childhood lover, Wiljoice. LaurWil. That sounds nice". 
  "Heyyyy!" Laurel opposed. "I don't like him like that. He's an asshole", Laurel said squeezing her face, then letting out a smile. 
  "I guess you like that", I said. 
  "Stop guessing. Don't spoil me". 
  "Shut up princess. Whatever man that's going to have you would be the luckiest in the world", I said as I kissed her forehead and gave her a hug. 
  "I love you, Brian", she said. 
  "I know. Now I'd love to chitchat, but I have to take my bath, cause this guy here has a date to go to", I said as I went up the stairs. 
  "Whatever. I'd be in my room watching horror movies", she replied. 
  "Don't pee on yourself". 
  As I took my bath, I went back to when I was younger. My mp3 was playing the good ol' jam by Whitney- I Wanna Dance With Somebody, and I was literally kicking it. I massaged lotion into my body, took a few mirror selfies with only a towel on; which looked so good that I posted them on the Gram immediately. I got dressed in a Denim jacket, yellow T shirt, black jeans and Supreme kicks. 
  "Maybe a little change", I said as I undressed and changed into a shirt with a tie, and trousers. 
  "Wow you look official today. Unfortunately", Laurel mocked. 
  "You're crazy. Dad would be back soon. Have fun with your movie. There's food in the microwave. You're big enough to handle yourself right?" 
  "Don't insult me. Break a leg". 
  "You too", I replied as I drove off. 
  "Wow", Evelyn started. "You look different". 
  "You mean that in a...?"
  "Good way of course. You look like a young hot hunk banker", she said as she winked. 
  "Oh well", I flushed. 
  "You look like death cause you take my breath away", I said. 
  "You've used that line before, Brian". 
  "Can't you be at least a little romantic and encouraging?" 
  We both laughed. 
  "So I've packed my things and I'm leaving by 5 in the morning. So this is it. I'd miss you babe". 
  "Tomorrow is for tomorrow", I said as I touched her hair. 
  "Two wraps of shawarma and two glasses of Chapman, with a cherry afloat", I said to the waitress. 
  "The one with the umbrella. I love the umbrellas", Evelyn added. 
  "Child", I joshed. 
  "Oh my God. Brian Hudson. Can I get an autograph? Please?" She asked. 
  "Sure", I smiled. 
   Evelyn wasn't looking pale anymore. As a matter of fact, she even glowed better than anytime I'd seen her. Her black gown was a beautiful contrast to her fair skin, and she was wearing the necklace I gifted her last Christmas. She had that tempting pink lips gloss on, and styled her auburn brown hair perfectly in a bun. As I ate, I was really fighting the urge to kiss her till we were done eating. Kissing with food in the mouth can be romantic in an episode of Alex and Mason's romantic getaway in Wizards of Waverley Place, but trust me, it's super gruesome. My friend Joseph told me of one time rice particles fell into his mouth from his fiance's a day before their engagement, and he puked. Eish. 
  Evelyn sure knew how to eat nice, like a queen she was, like my queen. And each time we made eye contact, she let out this angelic smile that literally stopped my heartbeat for two seconds. 

  Reaching the house, I met Dad at the entrance. 
"Where were you?", He asked. 
"I went on a date with Eve. She's going back tomorrow. How was your journey?"
  "Nothing much. Just one or two meetings with our new associates. No worries she'd be back before you know it. How's she?" 
  "I hope so. She's better now". 
  "Was she sick?" 
  "Oh no. Just a fever", I said. 
  "Okay. I've been knocking for a few minutes", Dad said. 
  "I don't think the door's locked", I said. 
  "Oh shit", Dad said as he placed his hand on the knob. 
  "But at least why didn't Laurel hear me? Is she out?" 
  "Out? Na. I don't think so. She said something about a movie. She's probably knee deep into it right now", I replied. 
  "She's a big girl now", Dad said smiling as he pushed the door open. 
  "Yeah. Life", I said as we both got in. 
  "Laurel, I'm home", Dad said. 
  The house seemed rather too quiet. 
  "Are you sure she's in?" 
  "I don't think she'd be anywhere by past seven". 
  "Let me fetch her from upstairs", I said. 
  "Quickly. I have a surprise for her. A big one". 
  My heart stopped and my head pounded instantly. There was a flush of heat all over my body. I was melting. 
  "Laurel!" I screamed. 
  Lying before me was my little sister lifeless on the floor. 
  "Jesus! What's that?" Dad asked rushing out of the kitchen with chips all over his face. He couldn't even undress first before he started eating.
  "Oh my God. She fell down the stairs. How?!" 
  "We need to get her to the hospital", I squealed. I was losing myself. I lifted her and rushed to Dad's car. She was cold already. 
  Dad rushed her to the best Paediatric hospital in Jebu. 
  "Emergency. Emergency!" The nurses chattered as they took her stretcher inside. 
  "Hello Brian. I'm back. Where are you guys?" 
  I couldn't even speak. My hands were shaking. Dad took the phone. 
  "We're at Harley's. There's been an emergency". 
  "Umm from our findings, we discovered that she fell off the stairs and had been unconscious and bleeding internally for about seventy minutes before you came". 
  "How bad is it?" Dad asked. I was crying. 
  "She broke a few bones. Her spine and cranium are badly affected too. We aren't done with running the scans". 
  "Oh my God this is all my fault", I cried. 
Mom barged into the office perspiring severely. 
  "What happened? What happened?!" 
  "It's Laurel", Dad said. 
  "Jesus! What happened? How bad?" 
  "Calm down ma'am. Calm down", Doctor Teemi said. 
  "You can go see her now", Doctor Theo said as he walked into the office. Dad explained to Mom what had happened. 
  "It's not your fault honey. You didn't plan for this to happen", Mom said with tearfilled eyes. 
  "I should have known better", I said. 
  "Oh my princess", Mom lamented as she touched Laurel's hands. There were wires all over her body. 
  "Please, fight. You're strong", Dad said. 
  I couldn't even talk. My eyes were crimson red and my whole body was a hundred and five degree hot. I didn't know what I'd do if I lost Laurel. I was going crazy. 
  "What's that?" I whispered. 
  "Doctor Teemi! Doctor Teemi!" Mom yelled. 
"Please keep your voice down. It could destabilize the patients", one of the nurses said as she walked in with the doctor. 
  "Oh goodness. Has your daughter started, you know, the cycle?", She asked looking at Mom. 
  "Not yet", Mom quivered. She just turned nine. 
  "I don't know how and why now, but she's just had her first period", Doctor Teemi said pointing at the stained sheets that I'd seen, after making a few examinations. 
  "And this isn't looking good, not for right now. You'd have to excuse us", the doctor said. 
  I felt dead lost. What kind of shock was that? I didn't know what to do. 
  "Laurel's just had an accident. It's serious. I don't know what to do man", I texted Mèrie as a drop of tear fell on the screen of my phone. 
  We got into the emergency room again. 
  "Why's her belly swollen like that?" I asked. 
  "Mr Hudson, your daughter has a very serious accident. It affected the left hemisphere of her brain and her body isn't taking too well with it. It's like a computer system with a virus. Her brain is releasing wrong signals that are really bad for her, that's why her belly is swollen. Her kidney is oversaturated with blood, due to the hemorrhage. I've never seen a thing like it", Doctor Teemi explained. 
  "Isn't there anything you can do?" Dad asked. 
  "As you probably know, this is the best hospital on this part of the world. You might have to fly her out. At least there's a two percent chance, at least". 
  "So what are we waiting for?"
  "It doesn't work like that. We have to make arrangements, payments". 
  "Then make the arrangements. Is it money? What's money? We'd pay! We'd give anything for the life of our daughter", Mom cried. 
   "We're doing all we can ma'am. You have to calm down". 
  "Do more than all. Laurel is everything to me", I said as I wept bitterly. My eyes were sore. 
  The nurses walked briskly chattering accross the room. Calls were being made and arrangements on where to transfer Laurel too. Every hospital was rejecting her. Some advised that she wouldn't make it before she arrived. I leaped for joy when a St Wheatney's Child Hospital in Constoncin said we could bring her. The private air shuttle was booked and everything was finally ready. Mom, Dad and the doctors rushed to Laurel's ward. 
  "My Laurel is a strong girl. She can beat this", Mom said. 
  "Move move move", Doctor Theo said as he made signals to transport Laurel's bed to the ambulance.
  I saw a streak of blood coming out of Laurel's ears. 
  "Hey. Hey. Why's there blood in her ears", I said. 
  "Oh no no no no", Doctor David, one of the student doctors lamented. 
  "She's bleeding from her ears, Doctor", he said. 
  "Take her back inside!" Doctor Teemi ordered. 
  "But we've..." 
   "Now!" Doctor Theo insisted as he gave directions for Mom, Dad and I to remain in the hallway. From the door, I could see commotion in the emergency ward where Laurel was. I tried to get in. 
  "You're not allowed in here", David said. 
  "Please, I just want to be here with her", I pleaded sobbing. Mom and Dad tried to come in too but I was the only one let in. 
  A lot more blood had come out of Laurel's ears now. The part of the sheets where her head lay was soaked with blood. Her body began to jerk. Doctor Teemi injected something into her. She stopped briefly, then started again, even more intensely than before.
  And with one big gulp of air, Laurel stopped jerking again. She was completely calm. I didn't know if it was a good thing or a bad thing. 
  "One. Two. Three. Clear!" Doctor Theo said as he shocked her with the defibrillator.
  "One. Two. Three. Clear!" He screamed again. 
  Laurel's pulse had stopped reading on the heart rate monitor.
  I took two steps back, then walked out of the room. I couldn't stand it anymore. I buried myself into Mom's embrace and cried the more. In a few minutes, Doctor Theo came out of the ward. 
  "How's she, Doctor?" Dad asked. 
  "I'm so sorry Mr Hudson. I really am, but.." 
  "But?" Dad asked like he didn't know. 
  "We lost her", Doctor Teemi completed. 
  I felt my heart contract and my chest tighten. I couldn't breath. There was fire on my head and it felt like I was drowning. I couldn't feel my legs, and then I passed out. 
  "Brian, wake up. Please", Laurel said as she tugged on my shorts. 
  I managed to open my eyes. 
  "We can't afford to lose him too", I heard Mom say. 
  "Laurel", was the first thing I could say. 
  Mom broke into tears and Dad held her. It was real afterall. I sat up. I was fine, just too shocked to be sad. I just lay still. My phone beeped. I was having a slight headache and a sharp pain in my chest. I picked up my phone. It was Laurel on my locksreen. I gulped. Evelyn had called, sixteen times with a few texts and voicemails. 
  "Which hospital is it?" That was her text. 
  "Lol", I replied. I didn't know what to say.
  I sent another text to her. Incidentally, it was the hospital Keegan was born in. Mom and Dad weren't in the room anymore, probably reasoning how to take care of the body. 
    


Chapter Seventeen

"Hey", Evelyn said. I tried to force a smile, but I just couldn't. 
   "What are you doing here?" I asked. 
  "Chimè told me Laurel was involved in an accident. I had to take a flight back. He said you'd need someone around", Evelyn replied. 
  "Oh", I said. 
  "How's she?" Evelyn asked, concerned. 
   "And why are you here? Were you also involved in the accident?" 
  I gave the most sarcastic chuckle anyone could ever give. 
   "Is she in the next room? Can visitors go in?" Eve persisted. 
  I exhaled loudly. 
  "Laurel passed". 
  "What?" Evelyn exclaimed as a tear instantly dropped from her eyes. 
  "Oh no", Evelyn lamented as she made a hopeless attempt to wipe the tears off with her hands. 
  "Oh no", she repeated. She was crying bitterly. My phone was ringing again. It was Drey. 
  "Tell him I'm not here", I said as I passed my mobile to Evelyn. "And yeah, break it to him too". 
   "Hiiiii", Laurel started, putting the phone on speaker. 
   "Who's this? Please give the phone to Brian for me. It's urgent", Drey said. 
  "Um... Brian um... Brian's not here", Evelyn said, trying really hard not to lose it. 
  "It's Evelyn", she continued. 
  "Oh baby girl. Where's he gone?"
  "Brian's sister, Laurel is dead", Evelyn said as she hung up immediately and sobbed bitterly. 
  "Brian? I think we need to pray", she said suddenly. 
  "Pray? Now? No no no no. I don't think so. Honestly I think the Lord is really busy elsewhere, if not he wouldn't have let the only joy I had die", I said. 
  "God gives and God takes".
  "Hey hey hey hey. It's fine. That very statement there pisses me off. Well, he shouldn't have given in the first place. Do you know how hurtful it is to think that every birthday I have from now is a sad one, because I know she was born on that day too?" 
   "You're just hurt, Bee. Take it easy. You'd be fine". 
  "No I'm not taking it easy. Don't asslick me. If there's a God, if really there is, He's just plain wicked". 
  "Brian....
  "Shut up Eve. If that's what you wanna talk about, then you may as well get out", I said. 
  "Excuse me", Evelyn said as she walked out. 
  "God. God loves us my white ass. Yet he's not happy when I'm happy. He just had to let something go wrong.  Trash. Big trash", I mused as I got out of the bed. 
  "I need to leave this place". 
  As I walked out of the room, I walked into my parents. They'd been crying their eyes out. 
  "Hey we saw Eve on her way out", Mom said. 
  "Yeah", I replied coldly. 
  "It hurts too, Brian. I'm sorry". 
  "I never even got to spend lots of time with her. I just worked out a vacation for both of us this Christmas", Dad said bitterly. 
  Mom drove us home.
  "Teen star Brian Hudson loses his sister in a fatal home accident. More details of this news will be brought shortly by our correspondent, Ruth Williams". 
  It was on the news already. I wondered how they knew. 
  "Um Brian. We've made arrangements, and Laurel's funeral is in a week's time", Dad said. 
  "You guys are just going to accept it like that?" I asked, raising my voice a little. 
  "There's nothing we can do about it son. Trust me, it's hard on me too", Dad said. 
  "No it's not. You're just ready to forget her like that. To have it done and just move on like nothing happened. Laurel's meant to be in this house right now. We're meant to be upstairs staying up late because we're talking about the new nasty boy in class, or giving possible reasons why Bieber left Gomez for Haldwin! And it's alright if you forget her like that, cause it's all my fault", I screamed as I broke down in tears. 
  "It's not your fault, Brian. It wasn't too late to leave her by herself. This wasn't the first time she'd been left alone", Mom said. 
  "I should have known better. If I were home, I'd have heard when she tumbled down the stairs, and if I were thirty minutes earlier to the hospital, Laurel would still be alive", I said as I went up the stairs. 
  "Brian! Brian!!" Mom yelled. 
  "Let him be", Dad said. 
  I got into Laurel's room. It was just the same, except she wasn't in it. I saw her schedule for the week. Shame. I opened her drawer and saw a big blue book. It was her diary, right from when she learned to write. 
  "...my new classmate Mirabel has a crush on Brian Hudson. The Brian Hudson. My brother. Lol. If only she knew how crazy he is, how he forgets to clean his face sometimes and goes to work with toothpaste on his scanty mustache. Lmao. They said big brothers are guardian angels, but Brian is more than that...." 
  I stopped reading. I began to cry again. My phone beeped. I didn't check. I was deep in thoughts. I cried and cried. I sent Evelyn a text of apology. It wasn't her fault. I hoped she'd forgive me. 

°°°°°°°°°       °°°° 

"And by His loving grace, we're here not to mourn, but to celebrate the life of our little angel...", Pastor Daniels preached. 
   "By whose loving grace? There's no loving grace", I murmured. 
  "Calm down Brian, calm down", Mèrie said as he held me. 
  "Don't do this man", Drey pleaded. 
   Calm down? What was he saying? Laying in the pretty ass white coffin was the only love I'd ever known about to be covered with sand for the rest of my life. I'd never see her again. I'd never watch her go to school, smile, sing, dance, see IT 3 together. I'd never get to sing with her anymore; and he was telling me to calm down ? 
  "No one celebrating shit! Y'all stop lying to yourselves!" I screamed, then broke down in tears. 
  Looking around the garden, I realized that maybe I was being unfair. Mom and Dad were sobbing uncontrollably. Wiljoice stood still with swollen eyes. Laurel's friends too were crying. Mèrie, Drey and Keegan looked depressed. Looking around, I realized nobody was happy, so why did it hit me different? 
  Evelyn walked into the garden. I ran to the coffin that kept Laurel's body. She was a shadow of herself. Her hands were white and ice cold. Her eyelids were black, and her pink lips had turned gray. Her tummy was still swollen and part of her hair was lost. 
  "Nooo!" I screamed. "You didn't fulfil your promise. We were supposed to be there for each other. How could you to be by myself?" I clinged to her as Evelyn persuaded me to let go. 
  "She can't just go Eve, she can't", I lamented as I buried myself into Evelyn's arms. 
  "In the Name of the Father, Son, and Spirit", Pastor Daniels said as they lowered her coffin 5"9 feet below. As the sand landed against the cedar wood, a knife went through my heart, and twisted; each damn time. I was crying loudly now, and it wasn't just me- everyone else there. I was drenched with pain, and then the clouds poured and drenched me with rain. Laurel had been buried now. I threw a bouquet of sunflowers on her graveside. Mèrie's, Drey's and Keegan's parents were there. Mrs Grace in particular cried like a child. 
  "I'm so sorry man", Chimè said amidst tears as he hugged me. Wiljoice was losing air and so they had to put him on drugs to tranquilize him, especially when he tried to jump into the grave with Laurel's body. There was thick sadness in the air. People were bringing condolences to the family before they left. My phone kept vibrating.
   I was broken; permanently. No warning, nothing. Perhaps it was all an illusion, or I was over imagining things. But each time I tried to pretend like it wasn't true, Mom's sob or Wiljoice' quiver would bring me back to reality. The funeral was over now and it was time for everyone to leave; including my best friends. I didn't think of how to survive alone; but life's not fair. 
  "I'd call you man, I promise", Mèrie said. 
  "Promise me you wouldn't do anything nasty. We're still here for you fam", Drey added. 
  I nodded gently. I was ashamed of myself, Laurel had brought out the little boy in me. Mèrie's eyes were so sore and I could deduce that he just wasn't crying for Laurel, he was crying for me. I had to be a man. 
  "Take care of yourself", Keegan said. 
  "Don't worry man. I'd be fine", I replied as I forced a smile. 
  "Life goes on, right?" I said as I wiped the tear that broke free. 
  "I'd get over it", I sniffled. I lied. I wasn't going to get over Laurel's death- never. And the thought of that threw my heart into a fiery furnace as it cried out for mercy. Each passing day, I'd miss her, and the sore would only get bigger. But, if I had to pretend I'd be fine for my friends to be alright, then okay. 
  "Can I get a glass of water, please?" A random visitor asked.
  "Laurel can you please get....oh shit", I said. I actually forgot for a second. I went into the house, locked the door on myself and cried for the last time- at least that was what I promised myself. Laurel's death hurt me deeply, but the occurrences and suddenness tripped me hardly. I'd just seen her, she wasn't sick. It was avoidable. How valueless life is? Just in a second and it's gone. 
  There was a knock on the door. Keegan, Drey and Mèrie. They'd come to bid me farewell as they were going back to school. The stress they must have passed through going on that long flight twice in such a short space.

  It was dusk and I was finally sleepy, thankfully. For about four consecutive nights, I hadn't slept, staring through my window at the stars when they were out, and at the deep darkness when the clouds covered them; which was a lot synonymous to what I was feeling inside - dark empty space. 
  "Dinner's ready", Mom said. Usually if I wasn't already downstairs, it was Laurel that came to call me. If she wasn't around this time, I'd just sleep this one off. I didn't even feel like eating anyway. As I lay on the bed, I felt betrayed. I felt lost. I was scared if become so broken that a lot of things about me would change. My relationship was on the line too. How could my almost utopic life turn into the devil's ball of a sudden? I considered suicide, but then the thoughts of my parents losing themselves because of their now only joy killing himself haunted me. How about Drey, Mèrie, Evelyn, Keegan, my fans? My manager always said I had a lot of potential- I wasn't about to deny the world all that. "Teen star Brian Hudson takes his own life a week after sister's death" wasn't a reputable news. People would consider me a coward; only if they knew what I felt. Suicide wasn't an option. I wasn't even bold enough. I had to think of something else. Maybe my brain deceived me. 4 am and I still wasn't asleep yet, I could feel blood pumping to my head. I was gradually losing myself. 



Chapter Eighteen

   About a month or two after Laurel's death, I'd engrossed myself so much into work. I used it as a huge diversion to distract me from reality. My manager said my lyrical content had reduced, but at least I sure did fine for myself. Sometimes I didn't sleep for straight five days, sometimes more. I had recordings, tours, TV shows- and each time Wendy Williams or another TV star asked me how I was faring, of course I was fine now. 
  I was fine. I was so busy that I seemed to forget about Laurel. My parents said I was changing, a lot of people did. I didn't know what they meant.
   I was done with work and I was doing what I always did to pass time when work wasn't there for me. I decided to try a mixture of Hennessey, Seanman and milk this time. I started getting tipsy just after the first glass. "I'd try this again", I thought. Evelyn was on the phone, such distraction. 
   "Hey", she started. I was surprised. Evelyn and I barely talked now. I was busy, she was too. She wanted us to meet that evening. 
  "I don't know, I'm kinda busy", I said. 
"So when?" 
  "I don't know I have a couple billion things to do", I replied. 
   "You're not the man I once knew Brian", Evelyn said as she hung up. 
  "You're not the man I once knew", I murmured. What did she mean? She should know that when I was busy I didn't even have time for myself. My phone beeped. 
  "Meet me at the Ausbury Place tonight by 5pm or you don't have to worry about me anymore". 
  Blackmail. I had to stop drinking. I couldn't afford to show up drunk there. Evelyn had never acted like that before. I got out of Coldstone Label office and drove back home. 
  "Brian, don't do this to yourself, please", Eve said. 
  "Urgh your mouth reeks of alcohol. When did you start drinking? I mean, Keegan was the one that forced you to even taste Irish Cream". 
  I gave a straight face. Alcohol was a beautiful companion. Anytime I was done with work earlier than normal, I wasted myself on bottles and slept off. Before I knew it, it was morning again; better than unnecessary crying over spilt milk. 
   "Do what to myself?" I asked with a straight face. 
  "It's okay to be hurt. It's okay to be sad. And it's okay to heal. You don't have to cover it up like this". 
  "So what do you want me to do? Cry myself to sleep and stay at home all day because my sister passed. People die everyday, Eve. People have been dying". 
  "No that's not you, Brian. Keegan said he doesn't even know who you are anymore, and you always shut him out. Mèrie complained about your plainness when he calls, and Drey just wouldn't try anymore. Your dad told me you barely eat or talk to them and you're turning into this 'lone monster'. And then there's us. Our relationship is hanging on a very weak thread. You don't have to, Brian. I love you. You're a beautiful person. We all do. But acting like this will make you chase all the people you love away, and trust me it's worse when you're sad, plus alone at the same time. I don't think I can keep up with this anymore". 
  "Spokesperson Eve. So they put you up to this. So what are you saying?" 
  "I can't, Brian. Don't you remember? This isn't you. You used to be an angel. You're not the sweet boy I fell in love with. You're not the boy who was nice and cute and warm and funny. I don't know who this is". 
  "They all leave anyway", I said as I tried to get off the table. 
  "Enough with that cocky egocentric shit! Who's 'they? You're so selfish, Brian. Boy you told me you're too busy to see me, you were the one that always wanted to see me, you said you missed my beautiful eyes. Do you think it's easy for me leaving the only man I've ever loved? The only thing I've shared everything with, just because he doesn't want to reason. I lost my mother in a plane crash Brian. Yeah. I never talk about her. She died in a plane crash, and we didn't have to worry about the funeral, because jet fuel did the favours of cremating her. I never got to say goodbye. I never got to see her. I never even got to hold her body. I know pain don't hurt the same, and I've tried to reason with you, but you don't even want help. It's like you're using this as an excuse to be a shitty person. I hope you finally find happiness, because it's like you don't even want it. Goodbye Brian Hudson. It's over", Evelyn said as she walked out of the restaurant. 
  Driving home that evening, tears broke down my cheeks. I began to think. Maybe Evelyn was right. Maybe I was being inconsiderate and turning into a monster. But it wasn't my fault, I was in pain, and pain changes people. I had so much hurt and I was shoving it all inside, and it made me dead too. I cried into the house and went upstairs.   
  "What's wrong honey?" Mom asked. I ignored her. 
  "At least he can still cry", I heard Dad comment. Had I gotten that bad? I got into the room and tripped on one of my boxes. I was planning on moving out. I called Evelyn countless times. She didn't pick up of course. I decided to try my chances and call Mèrie. He ignored me too; so I texted him.
  "I need someone to talk to". 
  He read it, but didn't reply. I threw my phone on the bed and punched the wall. I was really evolving into a monster. I punched the wall! My fist was bleeding. My hand hurt, my head hurt, my heart hurt. I cried more.
  "You're not supposed to be crying Brian. Get over this. You're a man now".
   My phone vibrated. 
  "For life, right?" Mèrie replied finally. 
"You screwed up real bad fam. I didn't even know what to do with you anymore. I know you lost your sister and it hurt, but you just pushed everyone away. But then I remembered that we said this was for life, and it's now you need me most", he texted again. 
  I had a cold flush all over my body. 
  "I'm sorry. I'm sorry fam. I miss my sister and shit's driving me nuts"
   "Apologize to Evelyn man, she loves you. I'm in class rn. Ttyl. Be good". 
I cried some more, I don't know where Mèrie came out from, maybe a special kind of heaven. I called Evelyn again. She still didn't pick up. I went downstairs and drove straight to her house. 
   "Thank God you came. She's been crying since she came back from wherever she went to and refused to eat or talk to me about it", Evelyn's dad, Mr Howells said. I was surprised. He was never nice to me. Evelyn was at the backyard sobbing. 
  "You're not supposed to be here", she said on seeing me. 
  "I'm sorry Eve. You deserved better. I don't know what else to say, but I'm really sorry. After Laurel passed, I had to move on. I wanted to act strong, and I went about that the wrong way. I'm sorry babe. I'd die if you leave me too".
  "You should have known better, Brian. I was always there for you, but you pushed everyone out, giving me stronger reasons to leave as the days passed. You broke my heart. You had enough chances Brian Hudson, just leave me alone". 
  I held on to Evelyn's legs. 
  "I'm sorry. Just give me a second chance and I'd try. It's just that I'm broken, babe. Laurel left with a part of me and no matter what, the void remains. I feel lost and literally destroyed. Truth is I'm really not the person I once was. I don't even know myself anymore. I don't even know who I am". 
  "When my mom died, I felt worse. My dad acted really cold about it, but he was deeply hurt too. I didn't know where to go to. I always had that pain. Every night, I cried myself to sleep. We moved to Jebu to ease the pain, but after having fun in school, after prom, graduation, after being with you; I still felt alone when I got back and pined for her. I had series of suicidal thoughts, I hurt myself, I broke things. So when I told you I knew how you felt, I meant it. You had what I yearned most for- someone who could relate, and make it easier; but instead you burned my feelings alive". 
  "I'm sorry Eve. I have no excuse..." 
  "Then, then one day I told a friend about it. Oh God bless Rachel. She introduced me to Jesus; remember when when I told you about that. I know the void's still there, but it's easier to handle", Evelyn. 
  "Oh no Evelyn don't tell me they've tricked you into religion", I said in my mind. But at the moment, I was willing to opt for anything to make me feel better. Alcohol was getting weary and I was thinking about drugs, porn, sex, and so I was now considering religion. 
  "Religion is just a game, Evelyn". 
  "Yeah sure. But Christianity is not religion. It's a relationship". 
   I wasn't a pagan; I was a Christian. I prayed every now and then, but I never really had the conviction of who God was. I honestly didn't even love Him. I didn't have any relationship with Him, and as a matter of fact, I blamed God for Laurel's death. If He was really who people said He was, He should have done something. But right now I'd run out of options, I just needed to try. There was nothing to lose after all. 
  I decided to try Jesus. Evelyn took a break from school for me and we were in Bible study. It was weird, I'd been to Bible study just about six times in my life. I began to think that maybe Evelyn had told the preacher about me. His words were absolutely relatable. 
  "And sometimes things happen to us and we feel God's not there, but God always knows what He's doing. It may be the loss of a job, God's probably leading you to another light, or you would have had a heart attack in the office the next day. Or sometimes when we lose a loved and we feel betrayed and alone. Sometimes we get so pissed and act like Jonah, and question God for taking back what belongs to Him. After my wife and I lost our only child to a heart attack, I hated God. How could He let that happen to me? But in His Grace, I heard Him whisper- "Rather than being grumpy because he died, be happy that he was once alive". I couldn't imagine how lonesome our lives would have been if God hadn't given Jason to us. He made us smile, made us proud, gave us memories. And so if God wanted to take him back, it hurts, but okay. At least I know what having a son called Jason is like. And as soon as Kaylie and I decided to trust God, the easier life was for us. And now we have two beautiful kids. Every second you spend with someone you love is a gift. Be grateful for the time you spent together, be grateful that even you are alive. God loves..." Pastor Raynold preached. 
  I felt bad. Was it that we were little puppets that he used to perform his little science trust experiments? I really didn't understand God, but then I felt something within me, something I'd never felt in a while. I felt a warmth. Maybe I was the one using Him as an experiment. I mean, I was trying Him because I had no other alternative. I decided to surrender completely and if God wouldn't help me, then so be it. 

  I was getting better. My relationship with everyone was healing, and somehow I felt happy. I decided to forgive myself and take a new shot at life. Evelyn was going back to school now. I'd convinced her that I could manage myself. I looked at my girlfriend, the best that's happened to me, and I felt blessed. I was lost in her gaze, my eyes got wet. 
  "What's it?" She asked.
  "Thank you Evelyn", I said. 
  "For what?" She asked quite lost. 
  "You don't know what you've done, do you? You took a broken man and you fixed him, that's what. I don't know what I'd have done without you. You stayed for me even when I pushed you away, and nothing can ever beat that". 
  "It's your fault, Brian. You pushed me and I fell for you, hard. And you go extra miles when you really love someone", she replied as she pressed her lips against mine. She tasted like popped cherries this time. 
  "So are we going to..." 
  I cut her off as he held her tight and kissed her for a few more seconds. Her body smelt like cocoa butter and white roses. I took a deep breath as I held her close, inhaling the breathgasm. I finally let her be. 
  "I'd have loved to cuddle, but your lazy ass needs to come drop me off at the airport", Eve said as she placed her index finger on my pointed nose. 
  


Chapter Nineteen


  I still pined sometimes for Laurel, counting stars and losing sleep thinking about her. My music got better, I was healing. I was actually happy. Of course sometimes I remembered that Laurel was supposed to be around and I felt alone, but a prayer made me alright. Eighteen months after her death, we were at a family dinner, by family I mean my whole family- Mom, Dad, Keegan, Mèrie, Drey and of course Evelyn. 
  "Wow you haven't lost your touch at all. These are delicious", Dad said as he munched on the grilled turkey. 
  "Yeah honey. Wow. These are great", Mom added. 
  "I reasoned we should have something nice for Christmas Eve", I said. I prepared the food myself. 
  "It's a little too salty", Mèrie mocked. 
  "Hater hater hater", I said as we burst out laughing. 
  "We need to rush up, if we're still going to the park", Evelyn said. 
  "You guys should be careful", Mom said. 
  "I'm twenty two, Mom. I'm not a child anymore", I replied as I kissed my Mom's face. 
  "You're still my baby", Mom said. 
  "That makes both of you", I smiled as I looked at Evelyn. 
   "Okay so I know you didn't expect this, but I just wanted to remind you that I love you". 
  "I know, I love you too". Evelyn replied.
   "No. Not that. I'm not just saying it because I'm saying it. Life takes you places, but you decided to come to me. You stood by me in my rosy garden and in my asylum filled with skulls. You're the love of my life, my angel. This kind of love is rare and I'm jealous. I don't want any other man to take that love away". 
  "Wow. Brian", Evelyn said, quite short of words. 
  "And one last thing, I couldn't help but notice, but you look at lot like my wife", I said as I got down on my knees and brought out a diamond trinket. It was all Dad's idea, I explained to him that I wanted to propose to Eve and I didn't know how. I wanted to do it in the most unique way, and then he told me to do it today. Everyone else knew about my plans, except Evelyn of course. 
  "Evelyn Charmaine Sheard, will you marry me?" 
  "Oh my goodness, Brian", Evelyn said as her eyes glazed with tears. Everyone's gaze was fixed on us. 
  "I know I can be a lot to handle, and sometimes you might need your space and things might not always be good, but whatever the situation babe, love is a chance, and I'm taking that chance right here, right now. Marry me Evelyn. Marry me". 
  "Of course I'd marry you", Evelyn said emotionally. "Of course I'd marry you". 
  There was a round of applause. Everyone was laughing. I kissed Evelyn for the first time in front of my parents. I was a man now. 
  "Congrats son", Dad said as he gave me a handshake, then winked at me. 
  "So who's ready for dessert?" I asked. 
  "When you're on your way from the kitchen, please get me..ouch". 
  "What's that Mom?" 
  "Oh it's nothing. Get me my... ouch!" Mom yelped again.
  "Nothing? What do you mean nothing?" Dad asked, quite worried. 
  "Trust me honey, it's just a...argh! Arghhhh!" Mom cried as she held her back. 
  "The baby. I think it's urh! I think it's coming". 
  "But it's two weeks early", Dad said. 
  "You think I don't know that? Arhhh!" Mom screamed as a streak of water came down the floor. 
  "I feel him between me", Mom cried. I was holding her hand now, trying to consol her. 
  "I can't find the car keys", Dad lamented. 
  "We could use mine", I said. 
  "Let's go. Nice and easy. Just take it easy". 
"No baby, no. I feel him between my thighs already. I can't move". 
  "Call Doctor Cleveland! Now!" Dad screamed. "It's okay honey, the doctor's almost here".
  "Listen to me. He's not gonna be here in time. Someone here is going to have to deliver this baby, right now. Argh!" Mom screamed further as she held on to Dad's shirt. 
  "Drey!" I called. 
  "I don't know. I haven't even reached to delivery part in my syllabus". 
  "You have to know what to do", Dad said. 

^^^^^^ 

  "Okay for the last time, on the count of three. One two three push!" Drey said, followed by the sound of a baby's cry. Drey was drenched in sweat, so was everyone else in the living room. 
  "Congratulations", he said smiling. Mom smiled in return, then gave a cry of pain. 
   "Ouch", Mom cried. 
   "What's that?" Drey asked. 
   "My cervix is cramping. Ouch!"
  "I don't know what to do", Drey lamented. 
   "Urghhhh! Argh!" Mom cried further. 
  "This is the technology generation. Isn't there some way you can bring Doctor Cleveland here, without necessarily being here", Keegan suggested. 
  "Video call!" Everyone chorused. Apparently the doctor was stuck in traffic, because of the Christmas rush. 
  "I can see y'all have done it by yourselves. Nice one", he said. 
  "We've delivered the baby, but the contractions won't stop", Drey explained. 
  After much predictions, Doctor Cleveland finally realized. 
  "I think there's another baby in there". 
  "What? How?" Dad asked quite shocked. I was shocked double much. The scans always showed one foetus, not two. It wasn't possible, coupled with the fact that twin gestation period always took a little longer. 
  "I don't know, but that's what it is. I'd have loved to talk, but I don't think your wife has time". 
  "Tell her to open her legs..." 
  Drey delivered the second baby, a girl this time. Mom was fine, the chaos was over. Doctor Cleveland finally arrived and checked on them. My heart was full. 
  "Thank you Lord", I cried. 
  I initially wanted to name the baby Cameron, not until about thirty five minutes ago when I realized it was a boy and a girl; so I had to change my mind. I named him Isaac, because as I lifted up such bundle of joy into my arms, all I could do was smile. Mom named her Noelle, because she was her little Christmas present. 
  And so, I realized I never lost Laurel. Na. She's not dead. Maybe she's not here, but she's not dead. She's alive in my heart. I still have memories, and nothing would ever take them away. With those memories, I write this beautiful story. Each time I miss her, I remember her warm hug, her radiant smile, her angelic voice; and I realize she never left. I'd have her with me; FOREVER. 
  
    In loving memory, 
        Teniola Laurel Adeleke


About the Author

Brian Favour A. Femi is a prolific writer and lover of music, literature, fashion, dogs and chocolate. Born to a Nigerian entrepreneur and his wife, Brian lives with his brother Davey and his parents. He uses writing to escape the harsh realities of life, where he finds solace in real life imaginations. 

Connect: 
  brianfemi@yahoo.com 
  IG: brianfemi_



Acknowledgement
Writing is a solitary act, but this book has been a pleasure to write because of God, and the beautiful people he blessed my life with. Thanks to Samuel Adeyemi, Mr Femi; and special thanks to you for sharing in my world. 





      
     



       
          

           







